The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Treat Her Like a Prostitute Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Here's an oldie but goodie Hit it Excuse me What? Can I have your attention? Mn-hmm There's just a few things that I've got to mention (Uh-huh) There's girlies out here that seem appealing But they all come in your life and cold hurt your feelings I'm telling you As Rick is my name I wouldn't trust not girl unless she feels the same Treat 'em like a prostitute (Do What?) Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop 'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample Listen up close, here comes my first example Now ya been with your girlfriend for quite a while Plans for the future, she's having your child Celebrate with friends drinking cans and quarts Telling all your friends about your family thoughts One friend was drunk so he sstarts to act wild He tells the truth about the kid It's not your child Acting like a jerk and on his face was a smirk He said, "Your wife went berserk while you was hard at work" And she led him on and tried to please him She didn't waste time, she didn't try to tease him Treat 'em like a prostitue (Do What?) Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop 'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample Listen up close, here comes my second example It's your wife You buy the tramp jewels and clothes You get sentimental and bring home a rose Give her everything 'cause you swear she's worth it All your friends tell you, "The bith dont' deserve it" Love is blind, so there goes your wealth Until one day, you see things for yourself Came home from work early, Mr. Loverman You had a card and some candy in your right hand There's the mailman, he was short yet stout He went inside your house and didn't come back out Bust it Just a friendly stop, come on, is it? The mailman comes and he pays your wife a visit? The thought alone makes your temperature boil You say to yourself, she might still be loyal You open up your door and stand in a trance You see the mailman's bag and the mailman's pants Came home to party At work had a hard day Look around your house and you say, "Where the hell are they?" Run upstairs up to your bedroom You look inside your room, you see something brewin' Cover your mouth because you almost choke You see the mailman's dick way up your wife's throat Treat 'em like a prostitute (Mm-hmm) Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop 'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample Listen up close, here comes my third example Now your girl, she don't like to have sex a lot And today she's ready and she's hot, hot, hot As you open up the door she says, "Get on the floor" She wants to try things she's never tried before She takes off your drawers and works you over She calls you Twinkles And you call her Rover Next thing you know, the ho starts to ill She says, "I love you, Harold" and your name is Will That's not the half 'til you start to ride her Take off your rubber and there's one more inside her It's not yours-who can it be? I think it was a slick rapper, his name is M.C. Ricky Treat 'em like a prostitute Don't treat no girlie well, treat no girlie well Treat no girlie well, until you're sure of the scoop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: The Ruler's Back Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com Hauk, who goes yonder? It is I, sire, Richard of Nottingham Well, speak up man, what is it? News from the east, sire, Rick the Ruler has returned! Gather 'round party goers as if your still livin And get on down to the old Slick rhythm Now this one here is called the Ruler my dear Its a mere party booster that will set things clear Its a hundred percent proof from champions of truth And if you feel you need spirit I'll bring back your youth Relax your mind, and folks unwind And be kind to a rhythm that you hardly find And off we go, let the trumpets blow Well hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro The Ruler's back Now in these times, at least to me There's a lot of people out here tryin' to sound like Ricky D Not tryin' to cause trouble cause its really a small thing But they're bitin what I'm writin God it's great being the king Some sound allright, but then they act illy Try conquering my crown and that's really very silly Now I'm not the type that gets upset Try to disrespect folks just to earn respect But learn this fact, whether white or black I can't be conquered in my style of rap For jealousy and envy are dumb ones tools So Ricky says nothing, he keeps his cool Revenge is not a mission that the Ruler's on Just forgiveness required for the wrong that's done So off we go, let the trumpets blow And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro The Ruler's back Now one day when I was chillin' at this outside jam I seen folks havin' a ball and plus clappin' their hands To beats of records that conquer the streets Like Pee Wee Herman and Clubhouse Treats Girls was chillin', boys rule as usual The slacks, the golds, the rings, I hope I'm not confusin y'all But everyone in the house looks smashin' Fresh clothes on their butts and nothing out of fashion And just when you thought nothing couldn't get better A news flash concealed in a bright yellow letter A kid ran up to the mike and said "Alert, hear this," Cleared his (?) throat and then began to persist He said "Hallelujah, kids hear this the Ruler's back and he's here to assist" So off we go, let the trumpets blow And hold on because the driver of the mission is a pro The Ruler's back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Children's Story Typed by: OHHLA.com Here we go, Once upon a time not long ago, when people wore pajamas and lived life slow, When laws were stern and justice stood, and people were behavin' like they ought ta good, There lived a lil' boy who was misled, by anotha lil' boy and this is what he said: "Me, Ya, Ty, we gonna make sum cash, robbin' old folks and makin' tha dash", They did the job, money came with ease, but one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease, He robbed another and another and a sista and her brotha, tried to rob a man who was a D.T. undercover, The cop grabbed his arm, he started acting erratic, he said "Keep still, boy, no need for static", Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap, but little did he know the lil' boy was strapped, The kid pulled out a gun, he said "Why did ya hit me ?", the barrel was set straight for the cop's kidney, The cop got scared, the kid, he starts to figure, "I'll do years if I pull this trigga", So he cold dashed and ran around the block, cop radioes it to another lady cop, He ran by a tree, there he saw this sista, a shot for the head, he shot back but he missed her, Looked around good and from expectations, so he decided he'd head for the subway stations, But she was coming and he made a left, he was runnin' top speed till he was outta breath, Knocked an old man down and swore he killed him, then he made his move to an abandoned building, Ran up the stairs up to the top floor, opened up the door there, guess who he saw?, Dave the dope fiend shootin' dope, who don't know the meaning of water nor soap, He said "I need bullets, hurry up, run!" the dope fiend brought back a spanking shotgun, He went outside but there was cops all over, then he dipped into a car, a stolen Nova (?), Raced up the block doing 83, crashed into a tree near university, Escaped alive though the car was battered, rat-a-tat-tatted and all the cops scattered, Ran out of bullets and still had static, grabbed a pregnant lady and out the automatic, Pointed at her head and he said the gun was full o' lead, he told the cops "Back off or honey here's dead", Deep in his heart he knew he was wrong, so he let the lady go and he starts to run on, Sirens sounded, he seemed astounded, before long the lil' boy got surrounded, He dropped the gun, so went the glory, and this is the way I must end this story, He was only seventeen, in a madman's dream, the cops shot the kid, I still hear him scream, This ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh, just another case 'bout the wrong path, Straight 'n narrow or yo' soul gets cast(?). Good Night. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: The Moment I Feared Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Well I'm sittin on my lunch break, grinnin my teeth (my teeth) It's the last day of the week, boy what a relief (relief) My muscles kind of ache, they felt rigid and stuff so I looked around, and I smoked this big fat spliff Now I'm happy as can be I'm in this pothead spell I put some Visine in my eyes so that no one can tell It's 12:55 almost time for the bell Put the breathmints in the mouth so that the mouth don't smell Now back on the job, I don't bother no one I keep strictly to myself and all my work gets done Now the job's finally over it's time to have fun and I'm hangin out with Trevor there's a kid named John Got real drunker than a skunk and happy as can be We went, to the Latin Quarters and we got in free Scoopin all the girls like nuttin with my trunk jewelry cause I'ma fly brown brother and you can't school me Boogie Down was performin hey they ain't no joke And a bunch of Brooklyn kids was lookin all down my throat Was it my big chains with the big plates on em? Then they rolled on me and told me to run em This was the moment I feared... "Hey yo homeboy take off your chains man  Bout to hurt you real fuckin bad, I'm gonna fuck you up" This was the moment I feared... "Yo what's the matter stupid? Take the shits off man!  The fuck is up?" I said, "They're really not real, they're just a front for the girls" Then a whole bunch of fists just, caved my world I was in pain, so ashamed, I wish I had not came Had to kindly pick up my face and then ride home on the train, then I went to an open store that's where I brought/bought me a quart Then I went to the park, and I sat and I thought I seen Danny Boy though he's with his girl named Sarah in one of his cars, I think this one's a Bravera She calls out to me, but, I really couldn't hear her So I went just a little bit closer so I'd hear a little clearer She said, "I need Veronica Blades that's right near Tilden" I said, "I know where that's at cause that's right next to my building" I gave em the information and they went on their way I went home, and there I slept til almost three the next day Then someone knocked on my door, I opened up, no quit! It was Sarah with some magazines and a bag named Kit She tried to use me and seduce me and at first I wasn't with it Then we did it and we did it and we did it and WE DID IT She said it was great, she said she's glad we had done it The elevator came and Danny Boy was on it This was the moment I feared... "Hey yo what the fuck's goin on here?  What you doin to my girl homeboy?" This was the moment I feared... "Oh I just KNOW y'all didn't just finish fuckin  I just KNOW y'all ain't just finish fuckin" Well he was huffin and puffin and he swung at me -- word So I pulled out my jammy and I silenced the nerd Then he was dead two in the head I took the cash and the Visa's She said, "Don't worry about a thing just make sure nobody sees us" We went back to her apartment, there was blow in the freezers She said, "We're rich we're rich we can have whatever will please us" Now I don't hang with no one who ain't good for my health So I put the sugarhead out and I went for self Now I was rich as I was rich I could have whatever would please me Now I could wear real gold in front of folks that would tease me Yah me, I'll be a new neighborhood dad Cats'll roll up on me screamin, "Yo Rick my man!!" I guess I was too fly word up I'm sorry to say Ya see a cop rolled up on me and told me, "Make my day" I said, "Relax brother," but he had proof that I had done it Yep, he had poor Sarah's underwear with my fingerprints all on it This was the rise and fall of my fast lane style And I was the main event on the TV for a while but now I'm in jail doin life and I'm scared Some kids snuffed me cold and greased me where no one dared This was the moment I feared... "Turn around nigga (HAHAHAHA)  Spread your cheeks" This was the moment I feared... "UHH, AOWWHWHWAA! STOP STOP! AHAOWWHAHAOOHO" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Let's Get Crazy Typed by: Ralphis7@aol.com {Scratching} get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get, get, get, get [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] [Verse One] Well it's me, and it's time to mingle So wake up world and bus' out my new single I take dead bodies and I boost them up live So straighten up and be alert because the ruler's arrived No {Not uncle sam} but I can still recruit As {Hip-hop commander} of the people's troop So troop be troopers and follow commands Cuz' {No one can rule like the ruler Rick can} Though some like it hot and some may like the shock So let's get together what I mean is rock No vanity, insanity {Strictly cloud} Now put your hands together and scream and shout {Go Slick Rick!} and then go bizerk But {Keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt} And don't be boring please not lazy My jam's packed so let's get crazy {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} Get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} Get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} Get, get, get, get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] [Verse Two] The original, that's the title I've earned Anybody disagreeing been burnt' and learnt' Told a theif straighten up as I humble hell And I {Bring a little rhythm} wherever I dwell Cuz' the door's wide open and I'm taking a chance As I dip through Europe and I'm going to {France} Now I always may try and play like full of fun But in this type of rap I number one Not number {Two} on a wild-style blizzard And if I was in the OZ I'd be {Slick Rick the wizzard} Or some yound man named MC Ricky D And no fool can say they created me So wild child, lets go bizerk But keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt And don't freeload cuz' I'm not lazy My jam's packed so let's get crazy {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} Oh my God! {Scratching} Oh my God! {Scratching} Oh my God! Excuse me Doug E. Fresh {Yes} {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] [Verse Three] Well we're in the last station of the final chapter {Oh Ricky don't go} But you know that I have to So tell me daily news and all the magazines {Ricky D's in control} Of what? {Hip-hop scene} Uptown downtown the man's rated supreme If Martin Luther were here he'd say {Hey Rick I had a dream} And if I'm at a jam it must be pumping People dwell us light cuz' it's them I'm stomping So y'all be adventurous {Shake and twist} I insist that this will bring more than just bliss A posse's and crewies' {Is the size you best} It's time to get {Stupid}, what I mean is {Fresh} Hey wild child lets go bizerk But keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt And don't be a crumb and try to phase me My jam's stacked so lets get crazy {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] {Scratching} get a lil' stupid [Let's get crazy!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Indian Girl - An Adult Story Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com (Singing) Davy, Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier, yeah Davy, Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier Well he's in Indian Town, and what spots his eye? A nice looking Indian, and honey looked fly He had to talk because he just couldn't hack it She wore some moccasins and plus a tough leather jacket He trotted over and invented a line He said "Excuse me, um, do you happen to have the time?" All was on his mind was sex, sex, sex So she said "Why do ask? You got your own Timex" To poor old Dave that line was cold blooded He felt that her ego was way over flooded She started to laugh and then she started to say "I'm sorry some times I do get carried away I didn't mean to like ill treat you My name is Running Rabbit and I'm glad to meet you" He said "I'm Dave, with crazy clout" "Oh you're the one the girls keep talking about Yeah, you must be, because you look like a winner Come to my house, we'll discuss it over dinner" (Singing) Davy, Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier Well, he met her father, Big Chief Beretti He said "What's for dinner?" "Soup and spaghetti" The dinner was rotten and he swore he's gonna puke it He never would have took it if he'd known that he had cooked it Later on they were chilling, in the bedroom Sitting at the window looking at the moon Judging from the mood he swore she was hot He said "Are you in the mood?" She said "No I'm not" From what he believes and from what he gets When a girl says no, he really thinks she means yes So, he started touching her and coming out strong Whispering sweet nothings and singing a song He said  (singing) "I'm in the mood for love,  simply because you're near me,  funny but when you're near me, I'm in the mood, don't mean to be rude,  but I'm in the mood for love" She said "Oh Dave, you've got my poor back hurting I want you, but first close the curtain" He closed the curtain and also the doors The next thing you knew it was off with those drawers "Take it easy Davy, you're hurting me. Stop" Well, he was playing with her tits, they were soft not lumpy And then he cracked the legs like Humpty-Dumpty He's fucking, sucking, also finger popping He had, no intention of stopping Crazy fun, he did not want to leave His head was between her tits and he could barely breathe He had to toss, turn, turn, toss Meanwhile he was riding her with crazy force She was burning hot, she said "Stop, stop." He said "Are you talking sex or what?" I guess she didn't realize what she started Next thing you knew she was acting retarded She said to him strangely and kind of merry "Stop now, or I'll be unable to marry" He didn't take her warning He rode her till the morning He rode that ass till the pussy started yawning (Yawning sounds) He said "What? Wait" His dick went weak It said "Dave, pussies ain't supposed to speak" He gathered his things he wanted to leave this place But first he wanted to see the vagina face to face He opened it up, with his bare two thumbs He seen crabs with SPEARS AND INDIAN DRUMS! They's going heya hiya heya hey, hey Heya hiya heya hey Heya hey, heya hey Heya hiya heya hey Heya hiya heya hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Teenage Love Typed by: cArMeLfLaVaDeLiGhT@hotmail.com (Chorus: repeat 4x) A teenage love, a teenage love Don't, don't hurt me again [Verse One] Aye sport, here's a thought from the old school crew A serious situation we all go threw It deals wit your feelins, so here what I say It's like a dyke, but nothing seems to go your way Bust this, two people, they really like each other He says their's no one else And she claims they're is no other The feelins are same, and you receive a notion To reveal your inner thoughts deeply hit emotions (Chorus:4x) [Verse Two] Precious times, hopin they won't end Tell your mother bout your lover Or so your best friend Ya mighty proud while your holdin her hand Boys, yo that's my woman, and girls, yeah that's my man This pressure brings a sort of warmth to ya heart And everything seems so great at the start For she loves him, and he also loves her And it's hard to turn back to who the person you were But later on, problems start to occur And the bond, which combines, y'all turn into a blur For the feelins were the same, now here's the score You love him to much, and they don't love him anymore Or did you have to choose a number Or because your not bein true Or maybe they're just plain sick of seein you Word, now it might seem strange You better take his quick, and make the right change (Chorus: 4x) [Verse Three] See just when you swore, the boy was wrong and Then they're gone, and part of ya heart's been stolen Get back on your feet, wit a hop and a skip But no, you rather go wit this dead relationship Hangin around, and buyin him stuff You seem him every darn day, you don't see him enough You follow them around, and they claim ya hawkin When conversation comes, you do all the talkin Not to mention, attention, we all need a bit Behind ya back they're sayin, yeah he's all on my tits They're gettin sick of you, and quite annoyed And if you had plans for the future, they're now destroyed You saw what was happenin, and you still let it And if you ever let him make love to ya girl, you can forget it Sweetheart, you been caught, spread around town Passin then ya thoughts And break up time, and your recitine the words Yo this is fromt the heart, and I know the part hearts Get over it, from now don't take short slick If it's not true love, you shouldn't deal wit it Just think of your future, and what is to come And pay attention to the words that's in this song, they go (Chorus: 4x) Do you know, where ya goin to Do like the things that life is showin you And are you going to... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures Of Slick Rick Song: Mona Lisa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ricky Walters] Ladies, and gentlemen... and lowlifes It is with outstanding pleasure  that we are here to present tonight... Slick Rick, the Ruler! And MC Ricky D!! Doing their smash hit, "Mona Lisa,"  you know, like the picture? Anyway, I'd like to take this time out  to bow before his divine majesty [Ricky] Oh your majesty... [Slick] Hmm? [Ricky] Can I kiss your hand? [Slick] Mm-hmm [Ricky] (kisses his hand loudly) [Slick] Enough! [Ricky] Come your highness.. they await you.. [Slick Rick] Well, it was one of those days -- not much to do I was chillin downtown, with my old school crew I went into a store -- to buy a slice of pizza And bumped into a girl, her name was Mona -- what? Mona Lisa (what?) *singing* Mona Lisa, so men made you.. YouknowhatI'msayin? So I said, "Excuse me, dear my gosh, you look nice! Put away your money I'll buy that slice!" She said, "Thanks - I'd rather a slice of you I'm just kidding, but that's awfully nice of you" The compliment showed she had a mind in her And when I smiled (PING!) I almost blinded her She said, "Great Scott! Are you a thief? Seems like you have a mouth full of gold teeth" Ha-ha, hah! Had to find that funny So I said, "No child, I work hard for the money And calling me a thief? Please! Don't even try it (Right!) Sit down eat your slice of pizza, and be quiet" She almost got cut short -- you know, scissors She tried to disrespect WHO?! The Grand Wizard Me! "Well what's your name, son?" "MC Ricky D," but not to be so harsh I said to Mona Li-hee "I'm.. sorry and I know that's low class (uhh, yeah) Please sit, and tell me a little about your past" She said, "Well I got courage, and I don't like porridge (uh-huh) I've never been to college, but I've got crazy knowledge (uh-huh) Over eighteen and my eyes are green (uh-huh) I wear more gold than that man on A-Team (uh-huh, uh-huh) Trim, slim, (yeah) and I'm also light skinned Best believe Mona's a virgin" A virgin?! Honey needed a slap She tried to tell me she's a virgin -- with her yea wide gap I said, "It don't matter, see, I'm not picky (word) Let me spell my name out for you, it's Ricky: R -- Ravishing I -- Impress C -- Courageous; so careless K -- for the Kangols which I've got  that I wear everyday and Y -- why not? To fight's not right that I recite and I'm.. quite polite like Walter Cronkite" Well, just about then, Trevor my friend came in He said, "Hey Rick, don't you know playin with these snakes is a sin?!?" He grabbed me by my shirt and pulled me right out the store He said, "I don't want to see you playin with these lowlifes no more! Now come along, we have a party to attend With some real mature women and some more of her friends" He hailed down a cab and he waited for a minute And as the cab came, he thrusted me in it! And as we were leavin and drivin along I could hear a melody as Mona sang a song (excerpt from "Walk On By" [D. Warwick]) "If you see me walking down the street And I start to cry.. each time we meet.. Walk on by.. walk on by.. Foolish pride That's all that I have left, so, let me hide The pain and the hurt that you gave me When you said goodbye.. You walked on by.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Kit (What's the Scoop?) Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com Kit, where you goin'? Sorry, Michael, it's Rick the Ruler, I have to go Lights, camera, action, you're on Get old Ricky D, what's wrong? The crowd's gone So help me out Kit cause this thief has to be caught Radio the chief of police, get a report Chief of police said "Well, I'm sorry Ricky D cause I really can't help" Ahh drats I think I'll take a long walk Kit put your scan on all these rappers in New York "But Michael's callin' me Rick, I got to go If I get a word you'll definetly be the first to know" Well on that night I felt really up tight Hello?, "Rick, it's Vance Wright Throw on your clothes, I found 'em, they're down town" Word?, "Someone's havin' a concert and they're using your crown" What?, you sure its mine? "Yo Rick, I know the shape of it" You know your scratches? "Yeah, plus I got tape of it" Get over my house quick, ride your motorcycle Kit, Ricky Rick, pick up, forget old Michael Well here came the DJ, trick to say the least "Yo let me hear the tape," it's a complete masterpiece Y'all figure this kinda is, but this I bound to overtake I heard a (honk honk), that's Kit, so let's break Here go my rap Kit Analyze a hit, so Kit what's the scoop? "Slick Rick, this one is it" Well my tummy was growlin while I'se chillin in my seat We stopped by McDonald's so I could somethin' to eat Skipped the line, the crowd started to break Hey yo, let me get a Big Mac and a strawberry shake Someone snatched me by my neck I thought I must be dead Injected me with somethin', threw a bag over my head I felt real weak, word, I couldn't even stand I fell, next thing I'se being thrust inside a van Unconscious, who could be this shady? When I awoke I was in a room with this lady "So your the boss, Rick Rick with all the clout?" Uh-huh know why'm I tied up and what's this all about? And this she left the room this was my one chance for hope I used my watch lighter to burn away the rope Then I's free, I's free, an alarm was alerted I made a flying leap through the window and it hurted Someone threw a knife, who could be this trife So I ran and I ran cause I was petro' for my life Stranded and raw I saw a phone not far I radioed in to my supadelic car Yo, what's with the concert, am I still in it to win it? "Yes I'm in Manhattan and I'll be there in a minute And oh, by the way, I re-listened to your hit, hey Rick" What's the scoop? "Oh man, this one is it!" Tight tight security - MAN, they was the softest Came in with some vandals and bumrushed the office Grabbed up the one who liked to front and pretend No, I don't know who it is, some brother lookin' like a hen "Let me go, let me go, please," you must be dusted Hand cuffed this brother cause the thief could not be trusted Grabbed up my money and my crown that's how I dissed 'em I went on the mike, and DJ, man, I'm on the system I warmed up the techniques to show he ain't soft The crowd was up and this is how it started off (Who, who, who is the top choice of them all?) Yo Vance, cut, thanks a lot, who wanna die? We up top, somewhat, forget me not Class that I have won't last Soon as I blast, from out the past, dash fast, and hear a last Vance Wright, no man can bring you this And Ricky Rick, clean shot, cause I'm the king of this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Hey Young World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Guess who's back (3X) Hey young world... the world is yours Hey young world... the world is yours Young world young world... the world is yours Young wo-ah-huh-huh-huh-urld This rap here... it may cause concern it's broad and deep... why don't you listen and learn Love mean happiness... that once was strong But due to society... even that's turned wrong Times have changed... and it's cool to look bummy and be a dumb dummy and disrespect your mummy Have you forgotten... who put you on this Earth? Who brought you up right... and who loved you since your birth? Reward is a brainwashed kid goin wild Young little girls already have a child Bad company... hey, now you've been framed Your parents are hurting... hurting and ashamed You're ruining yourself... and your mommy can't cope Hey, little kids don't follow these dopes Here's a rule for the non cool... your life, don't drool Don't be a fool like those that don't go to school Get ahead... and accomplish things You'll see the wonder and the joy life brings Don't admire thieves... hey they don't admire you Their time's limited, hardrocks too So listen, be strong, scream whoopee-doo Go for yours, cause dreams come true And you'll make your mommy proud... so proud of you too And this is a message... that the Ruler Rick threw And it's true "You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?  We like to party, like to party" (repeat 3X) Hey young world, the world is yours Hey young world "Yo peep this" Hey Mr. Bigshot... hey, don't you look fly? But you don't have a nickle... ohhhh, my my my You've been fightin again and, you forgot why Hey kid, walk straight, master your high Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.... because you make your family cry And all jokes aside, are you in good health? Hey little boy... now have you really checked yourself? You're a disgust, you know someone that I can't trust, you'd steal mom's welfare... and you'd run and buy some dust, and plus, a must so... bigshot you're not Your friends are talkin and I'm hearin that your girls are what? You didn't know? Go steal and rob And while you're at it... go get a suit for a j-awhh-ob You see you're actin like this urge is demandin C'mon, wake up... have some understandin Society's a weak excuse for a man It's time for the brothers... rap is trying to take the stand Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you deep Guides you... and he watched you as you grew, plus past the age of... a little child, that's true But folks your age don't act like you do, so so be mature... and put the point to a halt And if you're over eighteen... I wish you'd act like an adult Don't live in a world... of hate hate hate Pull yourself together... and get yourself straight Men don't steal... hey, most don't borrow And if you smoke crack... your kids'll smoke crack tomorrow So be more mature... and kids do your chores Make your own money... hey, be proud that's yours You know why, cause that's a man... that's brains no spite Stayin out of trouble... when it comes in sight And a man never loses a fight... in God's sight Cause righteous laws are overdue And this is a message that the Ruler Rick threw And it's true "You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?  We like to party, like to party" (repeat 3X) Hey young world, the world is yours Hey young world... "Yo peep this...  MC... Ricky... D...  The Grand Wizzard...  and his partner...  and his and his and his partner...  say what?  La-Di! Da-Di! La-Di! Da-Di! (repeat 2X)  La-Di-Da-Di..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Teacher, Teacher Typed by: sendarohne@hotmail.com well I've been a public figure for quite a long time known to the whole world for what [my style of rhyme] but tonight let's talk about the ones who bite although they know they won't [never get it right] because they have no [class] and they have no [shame] they'll bite another brother to boost their own [name] get paid correct on a one way gimmick I'm happy for you lowlifes but 'member there's a limit - so say teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks kinda easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand that the master will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks so easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand that the master will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] when I walk into a party cokesnorters laugh as the girls be crazy coming for my mere autograph and it seems that they aspiring my new style of rappin' and brothers all around me out of vanity are snappin' the girls say 'wow Rick you're so unique please tell us how you organize the words you speak' but my will says chill and I go upon my way 'cause class will be taught some other day - so say teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks kinda easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand that the ruler will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks so easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand the ruler will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] well I remember one night when the world was dead quiet and out of nowhere some boy starts a riot he tore my clothes, I had to throw blows a shotgun barrel was dead on my nose I froze - it was Big Foot and the Toes yup, a bunch of small timers that (be it?) on my shows surrounded the ruler with machetes too they said um 'if you don't teach us how to rap you're through' I said 'okay, now let me go, please' I seen an officer - then the officer screamed 'freeze!' he said 'Slick Rick you okay?' I had to play it off, some girls were looking my way so I smacked one in the face and told him 'I won't retire' and many years from now I'll just be getting higher for I am the master, set and done my name is Ricky D and I'm the only one - so say [...Ricky D] - [...Ricky D] now when I was a lad my style was bad so I had to use what little bit of knowledge that I had so I quote and I wrote 'till I was up to par some rhymes were [boo-hoo] and some rhymes were [hahahaa!] I educate myself so I'm able to reach ya answering the call of teacher, teacher tell us how you do it, it's so easy for me the creator of the style, emcee Ricky D now my only task is to warn all biters slimy sluts and fake rhyme writers don't try your luck and get the ruler annoyed for when I'm through with you boy your whole world will be destroyed so chill mister muscle or I'll come and hunt ya if you are a girl I'll make no man want ya so if you wanna rule and no (?) in the way pay attention to my syllables and come see me and say hey hey teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks so easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand the ruler will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it it looks kinda easy like there was nothing to it but they don't understand that the ruler will be the creator of the style [Ricky D] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Great Adventures of Slick Rick Song: Lick the Balls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Excuse me, I'm trying to earn a mere buck or two A solemn rapper come in -- and who the fuck are you? Around this part of town with diamonds and your girl in fur "I'm trying to enter in this rap contest you're havin sir" You're kinda late "Flat tire" Well that'd do it cuz Well alright, pay me now, and you'll be at the hub "I hope I don't mess up, or run out of breath, or even BRICK" Don't worry hon you're hittin em harder than a fuckin brick "But what do you think Van?" Please, no one can serve us "Wish me luck dear, I'm scared and I'm nervous" So who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls This one the DJ calls... lick the balls! Now everytime I write dope raps they come vickin it Now you know the title of this, so start lickin it Lips kickin it, hey bitch, there is a brick in it So when you think you're prepared, I keep stickin it Now here they come with a spike to fight, take it light Now who the one you're trying to be like with all your might And anyone that attempted to remove me out the race best give me space before I fly in they fuckin face Now raise that vocal, play that role around your local hoods Don't worry about a thing cause Ricky Rick is bringin home the goods Who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls This one the DJ calls... lick the balls! Now everything that come out your mouth, sound like it's out of spite I'm back on a mission and this time I'm gonna anchor right That's right, ads help, he's improvin it "Thank gosh Rick! We love the way you're movin it" Who's hittin rough in eighty-eight I bet your momma knows Backslap you all down like I were dominoes Stun em all, come on y'all, give me a taste of life Act trife, I'll let my dog cold fuck ya wife So be my friend and don't pretend you will not be forgiven You're cleaning house up to the MASTER, that's how we both are livin So who will stands, who falls, who crowds the halls This one the DJ calls... lick the balls! GO Vance Wright! GO Rick! Look at the style we bring How come you cannot write a rap that will erase the king The girls you watch are now entranced now when they see me slam Shit on motherfuckers and I tell them who the fuck I am My name is Rick, but now you know who's rulin it Pump the world and the DJ put the fuel in it Come ride the dick and if you wanna know what is the word Who write the baddest raps you and your boys have ever heard I eat you up and give your girl a bowl of Puppy Chow You understand alright? Hello! I'm tryin to tell you now Who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls This one the DJ calls... lick the balls! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: King Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com "I'm the king, I'm the king, I'm the king" - Run-D.M.C. (4X) [Slick Rick] Is there a party over here, wit no guns and knives gettin in Now let and best, get sweat the life threatnin Nettin is suggestin, guest do the restin Mic test, kiss BLS, who the best then? Cuz when I appear wit hoes off a chair wit Stare wit, I'm talkin bout a party over here wit Main wreckon, girls be checkin, could be neckin To respect and to remember every one of y'all a second to Relaxin, gonna be fraction, affraction, attraction You don't wanna see action, I ask then Screw, cuz you don't what the Rico do Giggle to and as you can see a butt wiggle to Fried and spin my bride and move your hide in Nuttin but a jammy on my side and So cling on brother's arm I'm thin I'm wonderin, should I begin to kick ya mind in ching Cuz I'm King [various samples scratched up] [Slick Rick] If ya forgot who was the man I'll stand and live kid You will be bouncin up and down cuz I'm a grand individual Shit you will fist and cheer to dear, disappear,  to where you no where near to And could never dream, run horse for Debra and Clever trap a hook and screamin on yours forever and Town to town wit the B-Boys sounds That has the Ruler Rick announce, which ammounts to bounce to Classin, still hum the lassin, smash jewelry have like Kids from the Bassin, cuz bodies lay about respect you better pay about Obey about, cuz Ricky isin't sweatin what you say about Hum on the clause, silent jay younger boy Rap bein strong, cuz see this is violence ya hunger for So cling those on them cling, I'm wonderin Should I begin to kick ya mind to ching, cuz I'm King [various samples scratched up] [Slick Rick] Like Ceaser, I wanna chill ho on knees for Please for, breeze, why money grow on trees for Ten to play, I'm poppin willie on the way in To K, the Rick could make a milly in a day in Kid shot, cuz we on the boy's hot Cuz the part don't start that's killin noise fart cuz Strive kid, go for the nicest One for the trife shit, run for ya lifest As I scrape hoes, graspin to shape up Clothes drape, tell me why you blastin the tape up And up high to, as you boyfriend tried to be Hoes fly to Vance Wright, tearin inside of me Sonya, sweat so I bone ya Let nobody clone ya, and get what I own ya So hoes cling, those aren't I'm thin I'm wonderin should I bring to kick ya mind to ching Cuz I'm King [various samples scratched up] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: I Shouldn't Have Done It Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com, WvW [Slick Rick] Well, I'ma tell you a story and I come out bluntly Born an ugly child; hey, nobody would want me I used to walk around and get upset and upsetter Till I figured out ways to make myself look better As I got older, my awareness expanded I met this beautiful girl and my wish was commanded Didn't hang wit fellas cause they started gettin shady I'd always be wit my girl and ya could her my lady I loved her a lot, word up, not going to front, see? The problem that arose is why on earth did she want me? Couldn't figure it out, and to make things worst I was cursed, wit the torment of not being the first And the first was this fly guy, made me very jealous Ooh, I think he cheat on me, and talked to other fellas Two wrongs don't make a right, but any time that we fight I would call and took a phone and call a girl outta spite I shouldn't have done it [Chorus 2X: scratched up] I'm feelin sad and blue [Slick Rick] I will to make this right, so director was admirin I tried to stop my love, but no love was not retirin To catcher in the rye was near impossible and tricky Didn't want her in certain clothes, gettin really dickey We got into it again, this time she got to bright So me preventin a fight, I just stayed out for the night I had to ease up of the record, all this hot increase I went up to the parrot, wit a mega vance in vain This girl came over, she was trucked down extensive Startin talkin to me, and she was probably quite aggresive A pretty young thing, she didn't strike me as no ho So meet my nigga, rude and went on wit the flow But Joe was gettin hard, without me even knowin We stepped up back to my van and I could it's for growin The girl took off her coat her body was no joke Well, I rubbed it to unzip it, and I went for broke I shouldn't have done it [Chorus 4X: scratched up] [Slick Rick] Now I'm seein, that there's no one to blame That night when I went home, I felt real guilty and ashamed Snucked right into bed, I felt just like a shady fella What made me so unsensitive, how I'm ever gonna tell her? Shouldn't have cheated, just because we'd always doubt Endurance, be a man, that's what I had to learn about How me, I guess I like the wanted secrets that I did I figure, I'd patch things up and then I'll tell what I did Then after that, she started actin heaven sent I found a house spot, let's say she help out wit the rent So, I bought the ring, it was a good 20 Karat Then word got back about me chillin at the parrot So when I got home, I thought she'd just be out to roast Instead I found this letter, and I found her overdosed It said "I had it for you" but I guess she didn't care All this wouldn't happen come of me and this fear I shouldn't have done it [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Bond Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com Yeah, boy! Check it out Slick, ya know what I'm sayin? No complaining I reached my destination and its raining I'm in Columbia, the Bond steps off the plane and I hear a hollar from a bro with ring around the collar Its chief of police, grease Bond, tell me to follow Treated me to everything, no taxin, maxin Gives me a hotel suite for me to relax in Seems everyone was in my silk drawers A cloud does it have to bug me a daffy nerve Jumpin out the closet, word up, dead nigga Said "Chief how do you figure tryin to arrest me, the Double for the murder of the nigga?" Now in a cell, but not for long, and now I'm out, I hear a weeping One asleep, other sleep, kept creeping Bumped into another, my appearance was alarming (To who) some lady that thought I'm charming Please, the way I is I don't even have to say hon, So who's a Don? You better believe the nigga keeps girls fond, The name's Bond! Well, I'm outside and its the chief with twenty thiefs like the brainiac Aware because the Double 0 was bucking like a maniac Till nobody lives, so hon, nowhere to do correct Said "excuse me baby, but where they hiding the hooker at?" "Around the block, but chill at least chill till the storm has stopped" Decided it was a helicopter, sounds like its warming up Grabbed ya leg, shot the chief, someone said "Stop hawking" Shook me off at twenty-thou, the Bond got up walking They was laughing as they left they grew thinner like Iraqi, Got the plans from the dying chief of police in her pocket To make it even worse honey girl was definetly rattin Was holding her in a club that was happening in Manhattan I'm on the plane in the day seemed nothing was a phasing, Except for the stewardess jocking the Amazing, But kept my composure, had another honey hon, Who the Don? Better believe the nigga keep girls fond, The name's Bond! Back at home in New York, I didn't want to get too overfly You wanna know why I pulled out my 535i? (pimp!) Boy I see some lookouts with some girls that's annoyed It was a private engagement for the dealer and the boys Double just passed the hoods with their faces painted Walked in, say a good twent girls fainted Throw cousins all out but seems that everyone was shitting, And man I was so cool I even carried me a kitten (reowr!) Trouble for the Double 0? Wouldn't swallow that Who's the man with the Golden Guuuuun and all of that Turned curls of mercy, left blood on the walls of Rescued the shorty who was all on the walls of Whore said "You're late!" I don't wanna hear none of your dissing Nabbed the cash, made a good twenty million on the mission Good job, not to mention had the balls honey hung So who's a Don? Better believe the nigga keeps girls fond The name's Bond! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Moses Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] As you see Ruler show's, is enquirin noses Goin into a story about a kid named Moses Once a prophet was to be born, so for anything else furve it Fear of orders, every first born, some murdered One got away, a girl wit profit for a river Gently put him in a basket, went floatin down a river Then hands up by a fair up relative, or honey peep it Couldn't be the severed, once determined to keep Don't say a word, she told this slim, who was a real witch Snitch, it'll definetly be the last day you breathin Wild kids slaughter, cuz they was fronted them Soldiers tellin the kid that they murdered every one of them Thanks said Pharoah, guys little friend tips Sister showin her baby sayin her River God sent it To a brother who arose and said, "whoa sis" Cure as I suppose this, the upward knows about Moses [whistling and samples] [Slick Rick] As time passes, prove he wasn't the type to beg or borrow Group to conquer land like ain't no tomorrow Made the Sun King jealous cuz he couldn't do a moldin Pops I'm not to happy the way you jackin this Moses Some dish rap behavior ruins every piece of bash Though I complain, where's the several action build You piece of trash, tree or switch Mo' you buildin, and find your cream's hero Built it, anything else, you need pharoah Come to star this, this my crown One say "How can he" but since not takin any chance He threw the hooker off the balcony But word sold out to King, he bank cold cuts blessed Stripped him of his honors and dumped him in the desert But I'm return for the people, this chest about saw King said "You want war? Make brick without straw" That's a son not being king, and shorty knows good roses When I be, suppose this the upward knows about Moses [whistling and samples] [Slick Rick] The new King said, S be the threats, filled wit stuffing Oh boy, what do I do? Now pray to prophet Then a vision said chill and prophecy fill Scorm build, hells of fire, or there first born killed It's gettin scary for the king, he made the sufferin go by Mario You win, take these peasants and get the fluck outta my area More villains, still in heat, didn't want my 2 to fill him Wasn't chillin, then I flat sent the troop to go and kill him So more, prophecy, when a crossing said run him Did some ol' abracadabra and water fell upon him The soldiers that is, since Moses was suave Then Mo' and the mounds havin a convo wit the father Came back in the tens, seen panty hoes dropin Partner suave, folks wasn't into what po-pop was poppin So the Earth shouldn't kill those, bible takes clothes Talked about a time when not the worst spit foes and met Moses [whistling and samples] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Tonto Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] One day fishing heard Indian drums Saw a brother listen to, wife kissin to Then on another mission to The city of a sister, it was a far distance There was a ranger outta area they needed my assistance Tuesday of the cash, last man that rob pimpy He never returned, I said ok and put the money in the fin And then he bumped into this girl who like that girl that more come Indian How I sex a white trick, jockin me she Indian Comin in on this feet, and comin hopin a chance for ropin in How'd you like to put your Indian tee in my opening So that was a deed, cuz a nigga wasn't new to this True to this, double barrel slide out the uterus Calm, started singin sad popular songs Took the money and the hon', screamin at the top of her lungs You won a hundred per a reefer, once about to smoke a blunt Know, run wit up fronto, screw a girl pronto, mean Tonto [Indian and horse samples] [Slick Rick] Was extremely pissed, still picturin screwin this I don't know why the fuck I'm doin this New since, on the horse tracks, whose to choose Sad or loose, both thirst or a cactus full of juice All of a sudden, these women like model hoes in Paris Then don't hate me the Indian, I was so embarrased Don't pull a kid a minute, to give in within a minute Til I seen a shaggy condo, or a couple livin in it Shouldn't have, friendly manner, though she pack her up and ran her Coudln't stand the finer fellas like she wanted some banana Led me to the back of the house, the hands that started trife Used it as my marks and then I nearly had a heart attack Brush it off, deal wit the floss, way past disgusted Said what's the matter granny? Is your blood ass dusted Back in the hunt, now what he want, poor granny offer me a blunt No not without fronto, screw girl pronto mean's Tonto, grandma [Indian and horse samples] [Slick Rick] Found a small timers after all, wasn't her family prone Without my 45, now y'all up against the wall Where's the hooker and the money, here she came, sweatin mind Then the bitch she pull a pistol on my far behind Now she a smartish, should of figured when gettin off the highway So the horse busted in, startin lettin off the shotty Killed the men, slapped the girl, didn't I tell you start traffic Come on Rick, a horse carriage, that's what the fuck happen We the folks, bleadin, size men, I please them Indeed, don't ever touch a killer bitch, no I need her Plan a role, better yet, well is your pole up Signals from the west say what the hell is the holdup Though she scare the honey, hit the switch there's to run it Caught a savage back the hooker, said bitch where's the money Gave it up hunter, she wants a brother so it's fronto That's not what I want, so drop drawers pronto mean's Tonto The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Mistakes of a Woman in Love With Other Men Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] Call me the freaker, I bump it in ya speaker Week on my birthday, met this girl named Tameka Astonishing creature, made the rest look tired Desired, that was the beauty I admired Out by the 41 Brook, no joke Can I have a toke, finally, she smiled and smoked Gave the girl my number, though I still felt rejected Hectic, called me more than I expected Months passed by, even lived together and all Dream come true, until suddenly a call Oh brother, why do I discover My honey, Tameka, yeah callin me another It started again, it offend and I pretend Mistakes of a woman in love with other men "How low can go"/"Hold it now" (4X) [Slick Rick] Well, tried to block it out my mind, here it was again: Other men, confronted lady and she said he was a friend Didn't believe her, she packed, brave her Strange behavior, so silly, we forgave her Late again Thursday, alone Rick sat Left flat, look in the mirror and I wonder where she at Gave the girl my heart and soul, it's after 10 And again couldn't manage if she slept wit other men Out wearing my jewelry so you know she looked truck Struck 3 o'clock, here she come, fishy like a fuck Come and let me smell you, I wanted to say to hell you Hi honey, sorry I'm late, but let me tell you It's a fast chat, need the phone, slow rollin Could you go to the store and get some soda cuz they open Again it offend and I pretend Mistakes of a woman in love with other men "How low can go"/"Hold it now" (8X) [Slick Rick] Strike one, strike two, no exaggeration Try to play it off like it was my imagination Beer mix wit alcohol, help me to forgive Deal wit weak minded and I have no where to live I deserve honesty, get treated it like a pet I should be in list, but no I still can't forget Put the cards on the table, don't get loud, cut the bull out If you slept wit another man, I'm strong enough to pull out She confess and then she left, smooth Wanted to kill myself cuz to live ain't the move Broke-hearted again, it offend and I pretend Mistakes of a woman in love with other men Once again it offend, and I pretend Mistakes of a woman in love with other men Once again it offend, and I pretend Mistakes of a woman in love with other men Once again it offend, and I pretend Mistakes... in love with other men How low can you -- how low can you go (to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Venus Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com All the lonely guys.. {*echoes*} [Slick Rick] Just gettin off my job, 'round Wall Street with the ties on Finest girl a brother think he ever set eyes on Nice day, rather sunny, as we made a run for honey with her warm personality - well it's on the run "I'da turned her right there" - seemed kind of fun to bear wonderin there, as he tellin me he could get the underwear Meanwhile, still jockin her, like a real sucker Says the waitress so fine, she could have AIDS - I'd still knock her Heart beatin for her since a brother didn't figure eatin As I asked her if she's single - "Yeah I caught my nigga cheatin." "Nice to meet you." Leaves, she had dope combined features Watched her walk away and observin the fine creature Next day again went in, ordered, brought some (?) with us Ran into so much to her and her friends they start to hang with us They pair and move, dope, fine, they both swine "Can I take you out to movies, wine dine the whole nine?" She condoned, good riddance, nigga slid her somethin Didn't want to get to bone her, though I knew I didn't own her And I could of made a move, a little will power is all Although she told him that she liked him as a friend and that was all And since hang with us, shorty totally (?) freak of the week On my birthday bought me pair of Gucci sneakers "Did she like me?" racin the thought, was it a sign? Guess it weren't immoral When she saw me Debbie dissed me kinda special "Since for this dish, none'll pay, but everybody wanna play How long is money gonna wait? So ask the honey on a date And she accepts, athough it wasn't much planned Windows of the world even had the nerve to touch her hand Thought I lookin at, bashful, no source Pulls out what's a shine, then the hon pulls closer Thought clever hint, so what she straight? Never been so excited and convinced, kissin heaven ever since Hold her hand to, chillin, future plan to build Couldn't believe my dream fulfilled All in the girl began to ill by singin [Slick Rick *singing*] Lady if you will Say you're the one that's sent for me to thrill Some one that I can hold close in my arms With all the charms of you With all the charms of you, of you.. of you, of you.. Of a lady (of a lady) This world is just for ladies (just for ladies) A heart screams out to ladies (out to ladies) A world of love's for you baby (for you baby) {*whistling*} {*beat fades over scratching*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Ship Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com "Yes, yes the original" 	"Ricky, you the nigga don't forget it" (6X) 		"Ok, ok, ok, ok" (6X) [Slick Rick] Well as you know, thousand tear off they blouse Bear rounds, have a spouse, try 'member who house And big hitter in leavin a fitter in literin Get rid of considerin, rocks be glitterin Walkin over like a hawk and stalkin, king souls Every one walkin, one of a batch, want a hatch for a poppin When a catch for a play in pass four and I'm in rap for As can vision upon pull, now it's all full to a rich or for the poor Without no more delays, sissy world flips, ok baby Because of our way, niggas yell hiphiphoorayin' Is it? So as the next kiss it, and a sex miss it Remain the exquisite, as I shower the hits Best feel, let me see you overpower me twig, cuz I ship [samples] [Slick Rick] Blocks and blocks stare in the jocks Hip hop the fox, knock niggas out box Wit the fly green socks and the limelight flappin It's nothin dap in this, so champion of rappin is Brother girl fiend brought a jugga Though I overlook her, being dream but a hooker Yo who got things sowed, one guessed it, blessed wit kit kat messed wit Bulletproof vest sweat like doors like Coron' Hello psycho home, pass that microphone Hearin, whole world cheerin None scarin, ain't million dollar ring wearin So let it me, as the world said it Cold sweat it, Ricky you the nigga don't forget it As I shower the hits, best split Or let me see you overpower me twig, cuz I ship [samples] [Slick Rick] Yo, why in the world is rap white wind Then sent for a mental, who dance or I enter Present to the fans, who want a picnic bent To get sent to spray praises on new found intellect Though I'm wettable, who fedeble, unedible Mic said mad incredible Never heard of us, when your words are dusted Send you move like murderers, not murderers proud to say Girls go 'wow' and 'ow' to now show ya how to bow to Scoop-a, in the train goopa, don't bloop a What, Rick you playin supa dupa How Slick? Just, you must get the picture The one eyed kid, remain victor As I shower the hits, best split Or let me see you overpower me twig, cuz I ship The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: It's a Boy Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] It's me at last, the Rickster, Def Jam's where I be Most agree it's kinda amazin folks are born from where we pee at Though I definetly fiend it, baby no way, chill, clever mean it Gotta be careful, be told, commercial ever seen it Want a few, I wrote, some ask my cheatin do I know Not a dope, love the mother, or she loves to a ho So I dig her a lot, and although shorty honey break nigga How you figure, he a big rat money makin nigga Cute as a bunny, he tell bout the time he pickin cotton So it ain't forgottin, hope I don't spoil a nigga rotten Also, don't discriminate white, he be quite bright, taught he might If notty like and seventy fiver, help me raise my shorty right So when I come home wit the quarter, I say, yo shorty run to royal Seen as a mother livin on soil, it's best to have someone to spoil So any toy, he wants he get, yo kids it worth it, Mr. A'Doy Said he destroy, annoy, don't meen a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy [crying] [Slick Rick] Picture friends, milk and cookies, when you done wit the boys game Toy playin, Ricky Jr. being one of the joys name And further taught him birds and bees so on the nerdin birds, heard the second to third and 'dada' better be the first words too Just kiddin, gonna be a one man girl, spend a lotta me wearin Best to care, best about what money can buy, is what I be wearin Rip these ribbons around, protectin, this ain't a kid I've kept in Don't raise ya kindergarten probably be another major step in Long as holdin star, holdin, cuz yo be loadin trips and sowin Ya knowin, throw a fancy hover in the drowin It's kinda pleasin a ray, so baby sit, no thank you heasin Sneazin, now what do I do when he cry for no reason So any toy, he wants he get, yo kids it worth it, Mr. A'Doy Said he destroy, annoy, don't meen a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy [crying] [Slick Rick] Baby mom, under wing, though if dressed, I could string Line of cuties, though cling, don't wanna mess up a good thing You know how it is, when guys are big, girls seem to hog And scream a dog or scheme for more drugs Goin into labor date, 18 of August It's that time tellin friends, congratulate's yellin Gotta be six or premature, but thanks to God, he's doin well And givin credit where it's due, while rap achievin let it As for bills forget it, cuz the way I rap, don't even sweat it Why though when me and my husband, don't fuss, agree Though son, I still kinda wish I could of been there when he was born At 3:01, by gone be gone, there's nowhere wrong and all Yours sons about, and since I didn't, this being the first You know I had to write a rap about the incident And the rose is for the squeeze, I would of sent it for no women Wit the kin in it, we should thank Lord as we enter a new beginning And like I said, any toy, I'm tryin ya that, Ms. A'Doy That they destroy, annoy, don't mean a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Top Cat Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] He in a bid nap, human being waste spittin As I'm sweepin thru an alley in New York, a stray kitten Dog chase a couple of blocks, shocks, tough being a fox He in a tux, check the scenario, he stuff me in a box A hundred home, why you cry, we went just like wine, cuz A appreciate of me, and kitten like writers Cuz of my tongue, wonder why I hits and unhand the fly kid To cut a bishop like she needed a home or a knockin Word, bit her off another like, not a committee, hit her off Not to mention, sweatin the kitty really off Had to do this, ain't no regular see the ruler's Wit this rich white lady sayin "Ain't he the cutest?" Clerk said on real estate, so in the car, we'ze awate Although the ho better know I want 4 mills a day Who else is firm? Me and Travis, the on the dot cat Better be a good lil' cat, hooker don't pop crack Cuz I'm Top Cat [samples] [Slick Rick] Let me hug her for the million, and again, great this vill-i-an Huggin me so much, she almost suffocate the brilliant Sad eyes, plus she had a bad pad, nice Said have to do my share of work, the hooker had mad mice Was like a fleet of them niggas, though was kind of fun to be Ill treatin them, clean 'em in, plus I thought was gonna eat them Cat food, this ain't none to me, see a rat, you come run More like hunt to me, you wanna get this shit from in front of me From Thanksgiving to, please now shout for somethin Can a nigga get some in, she wouldn't let me out for nothin I guess I could be called a brat, now a jolly want a fat So let me rub my head all up against her, so she think she all of that And every day of the week, sweatin was like a sand of stayin Would you lay off? I'm watchin Prince of the Wales You're in the way-o, mouse craze across the room Should of seen, he stopped traf' She's still a hooker snap, didn't I tell you don't pop crack Cuz I'm Top Cat [samples] [Slick Rick] Now come and the sex triggers, and his penis stiffer Bigger, said boy she surely sleepin wit a lot of different niggas In position as he coach this, doin the mood by the 'proach this And when the bitch she clean the house,  you wouldn't have so many roaches But still she buggin and he comin, and the naughty wit the hut He fall asleep, burglar come, up shorty get the shotty Find me out, and nothin stun him, the hoes did love him Feed on a bitch, got up and chase me til she heard it What was that? Got her gun, she had a dozen, mad loud And for a over honey lady, definetly that wasn't a bad shot Police came and all of that, and now I hear her off, wonder her So I snuggle a bundle of, cuz I kind of grow fond of her My mouse run across, shouldn't seen me stopped traffic Thought the ho was gonna snap, better not pop crack The who? Top Cat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Runaway Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] Well, I waited long time sweatin it Gettin jerked but yea I'm gettin it Early mornin, stiff as dawn and 'em, cuz a brother give the mornin off And then we doin in, paranoid to new swearin I said meet me in the lobby skip So one could cut down on the cherry tip Alright, he flyin scat, to being fair to show a mighty that La Di Da Di wanted Gotti and although depended on the body and Who I know was gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day When I know she's gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God King [samples] [Slick Rick] Checked it out, even candle light I figured out better handle it my nigga, in I think the best thing is to block her out cuz she doesn't give a fuck about So much change and true it in, you would of cared to wish the u-nion She's not a phony, turn the Sony off, you better overcome the lonely of Although a brother lettin that, thus don't know where I'm headin at To see, even though we fought of it by bother just the very thought of it When I know she's gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day When I know she's gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God King And I know you're gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day When I know you gonna be wit him, can't belive that this is happenin [samples] [Slick Rick] Well, I should say fine and phone wit coin but though you say that I'm the only one What, behind my back thinkin of, or father not the one I'm thinkin of On this stress, and when it's gonna end down wit this burden here I'm wonderin I know I should say fine fed it yea and think about all the girls ahead of ya Though hard for me to just forget he and try to follow to the letter end Although the terrible things we riff about or follow wise that I can live it out When I know you're gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day When I know you gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God King When I know you're gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day When I know you gonna be wit him, can't believe this is happenin I know you're gonna runaway, I know you're gonna be wit him Seems I know you're gonna runaway, I know you're gonna be wit him Can't believe this is happenin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: Slick Rick - The Ruler Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] Forget about the people before I know tired of Been through the whole world for what? Tired of bride But tonight let's talk about the ones who bite Although they know, they won't ever get it right Cuz they got no class, and they have no game And can't find another brother who boost it on pain And hey hooray, on a one way give me I pack for ya lover, for them, cuz Slick Ricky is a [samples] [Slick Rick] Walk into a party, come smart and laugh As the girls go crazy, want me for my dear autograph And it's me they be admirin, my new style of rappin And brothers go around me, how I done the insanity The girls say "wow" they can't spell the hate Say fellas how you organize the word's today On my will says "chill" and I do it by my way Cuz that's how we port son, represent, represent [samples] [Slick Rick] Remember one night when the world was dead quiet And outta nowhere some boys start a riot Take off my clothes, I had to throw blows The shotgun barrel and dead on my toes The pros, it was people and the knows Had a bunch of small timers, the people on my show Surround it and bring it wit my empty shift And said um, will you teach us how to rap, no doubt [samples] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: Behind Bars Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com "This type of shit that happens every day" 8x [Slick Rick] In the slammer kid but I'm innocent Lord played witty wasn't having any pity Now in Razor Blade City Cry suppose the situation seen mad eyes of foes Drives a Rolls, hey, yo, money, what size are those? Need to phone me til another sprang up, hmm, to gang up On the skid, housing the phone like he didn't know how to hang up Would be hard though ought a minute or so and then yells time on a And when you get your commisary, buy this and that or else I'm gonna Be on that ass and won't stay off, extort, fig I say, way off Beaten death, you ain't protecting me, forgot today's my day off Hold my head and drift the Sumo weigh in knots and cars Instead of sitting here accumulating cuts and scars, behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars [Slick Rick] Showing off cuz on the phone, click, losing all the hoes off Niggas housed the watch and Donna took all of the clothes off Nigga hell with the was for my clothes figured telling Every night it seem like mice be in and out a nigga cell and Still ain't home, like on the hook, seen a bunch of kids look Miss outdoors, never know what you have until it's tooken And in fact, the moment you fear, all of that, you quote snaps Well in a cell, did the exercises and wrote raps I be a bigger star than you, no never heard of the nigga Takes my raps and read aloud, I want to murder the migga Just kidding, no offend to it, finally he ended it Case dismissed, but your honor, DA kindly prevented it He told to the judge, don't free him, this brother trigger wars And not just that because I refuse to wash some jive nigga doors So hold the head, drift the Sumo weight in knots and cars Instead of sitting here accumulating cuts and scars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars [Slick Rick] One fight, the nigga trip, C.O. the rest he might scared By couldn't squeal, I's like officer that nigga right there Now if he ain't get me his friends will, needed a utensil It turn out, I had to stab him in the eye wit a pencil State of shock, he made a yell, I said, now what you want traitor CO puts me in the bin, I see ya about a month later Back in population, didn't matter that his friends tensed The phone prints, the years added to the sentence Still chilling and all of that and I escaped When the damn thing sold, don't hit the sto' cause they made a rape attempt Thank goodness, failed, call out next, he wail out Here go the CO, Ricky Walters, back up, bailed out The Co couldn't see the rape, the kid'll snitch mass figure Fast trigger, you'll be back, you little bitch ass nigga Au revare, back to dating sluts and stars At least for now, no more accumulating cuts and scars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars Behind bars... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: All Alone (No One to Be With) As a youth, each Sunday, Dawn went to Church and Paid her respects and not to mention was a virgin. Kid pushed up, Dawn lettin' him Since he made her laugh and all the other girls was sweatin' him. Then things started to move without cause And a couple o'months later kid's pushin' for the drawers. Under pressure while exchangin' glances Dawn finally gives in to the sexual advances. Although it was a mad high cost for her Cuz' after the thrill was gone, so was the lust for her. Eventually he left her for another. Now feeling alone and betrayed by her lover She cried--for no longer knew which way she headed. Once dreamed of actually wearing white at her wedding And really being pure, now she thought she'd die without. Still she finds strength to continue with her life without Love... Without love... Without love... Without love... Verse two of Dawn's life--the second segment. What could be worse than to now find out you're pregnant? Poor Dawn couldn't sleep--laid awake Not ready for a child and plus her mother's gonna break. As she doesn't know how she's gonna bring up the subject, Consequences of being used as an object. In church though time's runnin' thin She decides to have the child because the doesn't want to sin. Props to the girl although it hit hard times; It was Hell finishin' school and working part-time. Yet Dawn did it though her youth went to waste. Little help from the government, she got her own place. HARD for an indepentant woman and a kid And as soon as she could get off the assistance, she did. Without no man who she once thought she'd die without Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without Love... Life without love... Life without love... Continue with her life without love... While Dawn worked two jobs tryin' to meet ends, Her son was busy cuttin' school and hangin' with his friends. So when she got words she tried to slap out the taste in his mouth And explain how important education is. Under stress, she takes two Bufferin. Son now tired of seein' his poor mother sufferin'. Starts to sell drugs though the cops did a raid. Guess who's in the mix, and being legal age Could do time, please call her employer To inform her that her son is gonna' need a lawyer. Never no good news, just more strife. Dawn barely havin' enough time to live her own life. Here's the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'. Now spends nine hours on the bus to go and see him. Here's the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'. Now spends nine hours on the bus to goa nd see him. Without no man who she once thought she'd die without Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without Love... Life without love... Life without love... Life without love... Continues life without love... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: Sittin' in My Car Typed by: slickricky1977@yahoo.com (singing) Something tells Rick he's a fool To let girls treat me so cruel But never-the-less, Rick said "You got me waiting" Sitting in my car, waiting for yoooooooooou-ooh-ooh, lalalala I got a girl, but I'm about to switch all that Because my girl be trying to play me like the bitch all that Shoot, clocked her daughter, for acting out of order To impress a girl who to me knocked her out the water! But because the kid swears love Though when I see her friend its like the shit wears off I don't bother, while she want to kiss and then cuss and full of hate Get her friend? Mission Impossible Because she's the one the hon chose to boast to The way that her and the bitch is so close to be a waste So make music in my basement Don't cut her off till I find a good replacement One day I jumped in my Jeep, drove her to her friend's house, cause the hon was sleeping over My girl was acting fine, then the slime switched Wanna diss, I said "It's over you waste of time BITCH" Tried to kiss her friend, twice then a third She said "Stop, Rick", but didn't tell her friend a word I went to bed, here come my girl touching me intently Snuck out early, girlfriend wasn't acting as friendly as before Because she swore a nigga hit her "Well if you ain't love her why'd you go back to bed with her?" But I didn't, now the hon badgering I don't know, maybe it's me, maybe I'm imagining the love affair (singing) Got Rick sitting right here Waiting for you my dear Wondering if you're ever gonna show, you hoe Another brother out for one thing, mistook him for Steady relationship is what I'm really looking for Sincerity, scoop the hon I done it I said "Being straight up, it's you I really wanted" Though she fucked niggas with money like MAD I still found myself wanting the honey quite bad Loyal to her friend, though she wanted wood Then we did it, boy that pussy was good "But what if shorty finds out?" Never be too clever "Rick, she has to know if we're to ever be together" Chill, then we started to button the strap and Then my girl woke up, we acted like ain't nothing happened Later on, my girlfriend stormed in "We going to the supper club, some kid's performing Bye, see you later",  Her girlfriend hot, then stopped living, Rick decide to follow I'm outside of the club sipping a beer through the best can Both sluts were sliding numbers to the next man Contradicting of words being together My girl, too, I should've known, birds of a feather Back in my Jeep, about 4:11 Popped another can, looked up to the heavens I'm a good man, in fact I know that I am And I deserve a lady love, that's why I'm wondering why I'm... (singing) Sitting in my car, waiting for yoooooooooou-ooh-ooh, lalalala Got Rick sitting right here Waiting for you my dear Wondering if you're ever gonna show, you hoe Something tells Rick he's a fool To let girls treat me so cruel But never-the-less, Rick said, you got me waiting Sitting in my car, waiting for yoooooooooou-ooh-ooh lalalala, lalalala, lalalala, lalalala The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: A Love That's True (Part One) Typed by: slickricky1977@yahoo.com So you get my point son you just don't trust no bitch, you know what I'm sayin? "Okay, daddy, I understand" Cause bitches ain't no good, you know what I'm sayin? "Okay, I get your point" Anyway, listen to this, check it out 1994, as the world gets trifer I'm wondering, the fuck I need a woman in my life for? (ya know) Cause its like a nigga whole history With you hoes been nothing but misery First rater, five-one stood Mad coke fiend though the bitch looked good Met her at the fever "What's going on, stranger?" And like a fool took her in and tried to change her I don't who I thought I's bluffing That BITCH wasn't giving up that coke for nothing "Oh you trying to dis, mister bougeois nigga Yet back in the day, you used to smoke coke cigarettes too That type shit you ain't admitting" Because, homegirl, I grew out of it, you didn't Anyway, dead out of order Came in with a sheepskin her ex-lover bought her Who gave you that? "My ex" I said "Who?" Believe she had the nerve to say "You can wear it too" When I found strength to depart, I do Withdrew, for something brand new Someone who would be true Yes I should find someone who would be true (Singing) Cause Ricky needs a love that's true Truuuuuuuuuuue, oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo Scooby Doo doo Then I met Sin, Sweating the viking A brown skinned fox, slim just like I like them "What? Sweating you? Picture that, nerd. Please" Anyway, the bitch had herpes! (you know) Imagine me, the fool being the spouse Doctor said I couldn't catch it unless I got aroused Found out snooping in her bag what she got Now why you ain't tell me? You worthless slut! "Because I loved you at the time and couldn't afford to" You know homegirl should get the Oscar award for her lying Anyway, stayed with the creep One day, Sybil here, talking in her sleep "Chris, wait," the bum bitch said So loud till a motherfucker fell out the bed Who the hell is Chris? She putting up resistance Until I caught her calling the nigga long distance Had the nerve to dis patch loving Boy am I lucky that I didn't catch nothing When I found strength to depart, I do Withdrew, for something brand new Someone who would be true Yes I should find someone who would be true (Singing) Cause Ricky needs a love that's true Truuuuuuuuuuue, truuuuuuuuue Indeed, I need a love that's true It seems I need a love that's true Oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo Oh gosh, Scooby Doo doo-ooh (doo-ooh) Though happy I was free The need for love was still in me Got to the point where the need for it was killing me Then I met short here, hanging with my cousin Found out later how young the bitch was and Though I done hit it and she opened up a world And remind me of that song "Go Away, Little Girl" It had to end because the bitch weren't loyal, and spoiled "That's because I had you pussy whipped royal" You see the type of shit a nigga was gonna marry? You see the type of attitude the BUM BITCH carry? Like oil and water, impossible mixture Then temper tantrums came into the picture Yelling (ahhhh), carrying on bad and cursing Complete embarassment to The Ruler as a person "Gimme shorts" Ruler will not permit you Then she goes wild, starts breaking up my furniture Flirts too, excuse me, a whore Like the world's worst groupie when I brought her on tour So when I found strength to depart, I do Withdrew, for something brand new Someone who would be true Yes I should find someone who would be true (Singing) Cause Ricky needs a love that's true Truuuuuuuuuuue, truuuuuuuuue Indeed, I need a love that's true It seems I need a love that's true Oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo Oh gosh, Scooby Doo doo Ricky needs a love that's true-hoo-hoo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: Cuz It's Wrong Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... [Slick Rick] Sang my songs, stuck in my tongue, girl strung Sweating among them was a hum 'Got a man, but we not getting along' Lick the balls, I know some girls that lick it, not around dick it Rick it's amazing how you rap, word up, you sound wicked Do I dig her, silly pressure, picture drig up, do a drig up If you only knew how good, Rick, you look into mirror Buck perfect, to her car, said when I walk, not ever Tell her 'call me later on, just to talk, or whatever' Stir it up, learn the digits, to be safe, burn it up And here's another Slick Rick one, let her man turn it up Now on the strap, very soon, she be all hot wanna rap Some cat over there, but Rick, ain't nothing gonna happen Comes over, stuck my tongue in her mouth, she gave me a hickey Shocked me, the way she jock, truck me not, me Ricky not Known to faking, and you probably kidding rock, just something Thought your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... [Slick Rick] Another honey, real sneaky, lines thrown on the free Sends money, works so late, but he be home on the weekend Wanna say your best, I'm charging the rest though Said the guest off, now massaging the breast off While I'm getting info out of her, girlfriend side of her Doing this already, I be in that and out of here Ask her friend, what poet best? Rap my vote Don't know, girlfriend asking like down to cut throat You seem too hard for the rest of the them, met all into them Get to a friend, sometime today, so we can get all into So then friend said don't take all day, whore, I mean Drops her number on the phone, make sure the dark seen Along asked, can you help me rap, maybe, winked Think me, you go far, oh yeah, that's it, baby, drink Don't effecting on your pop, kid rock just one Though your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... [Slick Rick] A good look strike ya ho, you attack mic, it's on I wanna ask is that really real? Bitch, act like you know Give me a line for your joint, make to every story define me Getting noisy, everybody leave, but you close the door behind me Left your man dressing room, you try to diss me cuz you rule in school I said word, so won't you kiss me, you fool Shoulder shook, she popped why not, another fan of word, on the lord Well anyway like an autograph and a cut Made my move to triple excitement, stop Rick, you're flipping As I grind against her pussy and I gently lick her nipple Less than a minute, warmth is missing, look at the high in her dressing Lights off, pull panties to the hide and caressing Mass roll the plan of life, wonder keep her in, passed off Bolt than she sang, more deeper than my pants off Don't effect and now you pop, kid and rock, just stop No strung, no I didn't knock on tongue Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... Cuz it's wrong... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nice & Smooth f/ Slick Rick Album: Jewel of the Nile Song: Let's All Get Down [Greg Nice] I'm a live nigga, standin out like a rash A live nigga, keep cash in a stash What's the eggs without the cornbeef hash? Blowin up like Sarah Dash Jerkin up the neck, known to cause whiplash Dance and get down with me Peep the steelo, the strategy What killed the cat's curiosity? You better believe that I be freakin Pull my ??? the M be leakin Same MC who wreck shop at the Beacon Uptown llingo is what I'm speakin So put your pedal to the metal And feet to the ground And peep this uptown sound It makes no sense in stadin around Hey, it makes no sense just standin around Chorus: repeat 2X Come on everybody lets all get down Come on everybody lets all get down Come on everybody lets all get down It makes no sense just standin around [Slick Rick] I'm chillin with Nice and Smooth with my Phat Farm outfit They say what's up Rick what's up good to see you out kid Where the party at, askin and relaxin And pop a couple of Moe's listenin to some fat tracks with them Being a kid locked, want to check the the scene and shit Zulu Nation havin somethin tonight at the arena Greg Lets get drunk and roll, said they like the sound of it Rolled a couple of blunts, but Ruler wasn't down with it ??? want to go and hit somethin Be off work release even if you get caught with weed in yo system Be up north quick, since we all down to roll Went to the club havin the upmost amount of fun Shoul've heard them groupies scream for Wonder why this brother lookin at me all mean for Ignored it, kept wappin til my neck hurt Then Greg Nice and Smooth did this very same record called Chorus [Smooth B] Happy birthday, what's the word say To papa smurf, I cover the globe like earth day Rollin with G and the Rickster Flavor full boogie down mixture We came back to attack with the Ruler You can't get no cooler On our way to the bank Now do the Patty Duke and then do the Spank Come from the heart things spark And keep your eyes glued to the top of the chart Oh shit, its the man with the fronts and the jewels The kids with the blunts and the tools Sewing up shop like needles Sellin more recorde than the Beetles So don't be astound And makes no sense in standin around Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: I'm Captive Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com "Bust a move" 6x [Slick Rick] What's good? Chit-chatter, back to work last week Had to spit, muthafucka, I ain't doing jack shit Go ahead, squeeze the trigger, cuz I don't see how you figure Two lashes, ok, it can be a good nigga I'm the last man cooking, I was in heat suppose Crawl back to the house, the wife cooking pig toes Life's rough, that's the tore up, peace, but that ain't enough Had to see master plow her, and my honey pie stuffed Then trifle like bring her body, had Rick's wife And she's nice and the kids be like 'daddy, that's life' Take it like a man, money, try, keep rocking Then one day, clock the balls, honey drive by and said I'll do anything for you, kept drinking up Hero of my wife, tell ya man stop sticking her Master's coming, I'm not saying you're not attractive Whip snap, if a nigga run high active, I'm captive... *samples scratched up* [Slick Rick] One day he was dogging her back, got me mad too Dish it like you like this, she said, Rick I tried to Aiding to the problem, master wife, what you wanna do? Connie was naked and parading in front of me She said, that's the slut, Rick, and I'm over her I said chill out sweetheart, because I like life alot She said, I have sources who will burn you on the cross You get across, see, don't make me have to force you Man, I had a decision, so I winked and to the granny And she said, well you can start by eating my fatty Change of plans, she said, no Rick, stay here Quality's a whole, is never seen in a man Can some change for me, said I attract because I'm handsome Forgive me Rick, and step back to the mansion That night be home, I'm finding blood all on my feet Said shorty got shot for eating an extra piece of meat I'm not even gonna start, no dad, I didn't budge Next day master acting feminine like a fuck Thinking I'm mean benching, no, hands is on the hips Kept winking at Clinton, tried to kiss me on the lips And here came master wife, saying I'm attractive The whip snapped, if a nigga weren't high active, I'm captive... *samples scratched up* [Slick Rick] Master departs, can have some? You never bought some Quoting from the bible, telling me to have a heart So I shove aside the price, cuz I asked her, I'm above it Until we asleep, she's like master, I love it The slut, he suppose to be gay, I figure not But, here came master trynna squeeze a nigga butt Look you getting too bold, well ain't you the meanest? Bang bang, my liver son, he shot him in the penis I said, chill, son, he chilled at his little Teddy He said, don't go home, I done killed mom already You know the half, now my life is full of laughter Fell in love with granny, lived happily ever after Due to the fact, the hooker found me attractive The whip snapped, til the hooker weren't high active, she's captive... *samples scratched up* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: Get a Job Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com [Slick Rick] Well I'm riding round the Benz truck with fake friends Word, here they come now, yo Ricky lend me couple lenses For lunch and all of that, I got to listen to this nonsense What the hell Crumb, don't you have a consciense? Ill treat the vogue, get the gold, chuck a heat in gear Don't understand it til the blood sucker beat it I see my doc, I'm said 'yo, doc, how's the health there' Don't worry bout these pretzel muthas acting like your welfare Word to parasites, tell me, hasn't it ever occured of Stand on your own two, please, I never heard of By the window in the bathroom, that one did it Got a dress like a brother, then both of them will quit it Potential is intelligent, and it's me you wanna rock Hey, half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, get a job... *DJ scratches* [Slick Rick] You want a damn hood? No, here she go, I'mma gonna try, here to try it Rick, my baby needs pampers; so buy 'em Come on take me to Pizza Hut, work class cow What would your man say if he could see your slut ass now For five bucks, cool, window while she drives, barely missed him Pissed him, dissed him, turn up the system You ought of treat, that's the dinner, I'm hungry, said her daughter She tried to crawl behind home, and heat bread & water A rich girl, don't like, I said he's always the best Yea, whatever, no question, project destined Yo, what the hell is with you people, are you all incoherent? Fifty years old, and still you living with your parent? Not a break to breathe, yell on the phone Take all I own, everything, and leave me the hell alone Word up, now shorty rock steals her ride For you half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, now get a job... *DJ scratches* [Slick Rick] Reserve my hotty, it's the not, used to buying pearls Please drive me across the whole entire world My new man still can't work and he ain't too bright in math Like it's my fault he couldn't manage money like that Survive with your man, I didn't say grind the strife And even worse when they never heard of 9 to 5 And you can't be gentle, or they get all sentinental I don't work for white people, well work for Oriental Her baby's mother, her friend, that's why plenty get killed I'm in Peru, kids hurt, and I need twenty mil On man written traps, deaf, dumb, blind too I lost my wallet, son, sorry Grams, lost mine too Lonely on the step, but still I have a cold heart So on the spot, is one horny old fart Word thinking he intelligent, it's me you wanna rock And all you half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, get a job... *DJ scratches* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Behind Bars Song: A Love That's True (Part 2) Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com Oh dear, Scooby Doo do Oh gosh, Scooby Doo do Ricky needs a lover that's tru-u-ue Show me the love that's trueeee Show me the love that's trueeee Shoe me the love that's true [Slick Rick] Snap right back to the bed, now snap her the bed Snap right back to the bed, to race all that Any time a girl a flip, and you like acrobat Any time a girl a come too much back that Come now back to the bed, to dolly all to that Come on to that, you damn a pure alley rat Most sent to Mr. Fabulous Land learn how to act Now body make my outta outcome, challenge I that Now no say boy, well no say, but we older and we older Pulling you back, pulling you back, girl I hold you back Snap out, then run out, a race soldier Chew any type and bet you make a million for that Any time, give me the chat, bounce much back Think he annoying, then, girl now I know that Since he never get plenty of girl on the track Everything you got, now you know I carry on the response When we check, the tote, dominant we do tick for tack Yeah, can I have one, glimpse of them on track Responsibility, they never wanna flatter that They want politic, thousand dollar fract' So sit with Mr. Fabulous Land, learn off of that And any type of girl usually wanna see a dragon Any type of girl and not negative in crack Your type of girl and not intelligent intact Lounging off not what reserve, better than that Looks are not the only that we gather this track Said the looks are not coming on strap, better on chat Scooby Doo do Scooby Doo do Ah ha ha Dad loves you, dad's love is true Heaven on earth, when dad's with you Son please know dad's love is true Together we'll make it just us to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Ruler's Back Song: It's a Boy Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] It's me at last, the Rickster, Def Jam's where I be Most agree it's kinda amazin folks are born from where we pee at Though I definetly fiend it, baby no way, chill, clever mean it Gotta be careful, be told, commercial ever seen it Want a few, I wrote, some ask my cheatin do I know Not a dope, love the mother, or she loves to a ho So I dig her a lot, and although shorty honey break nigga How you figure, he a big rat money makin nigga Cute as a bunny, he tell bout the time he pickin cotton So it ain't forgottin, hope I don't spoil a nigga rotten Also, don't discriminate white, he be quite bright, taught he might If notty like and seventy fiver, help me raise my shorty right So when I come home wit the quarter, I say, yo shorty run to royal Seen as a mother livin on soil, it's best to have someone to spoil So any toy, he wants he get, yo kids it worth it, Mr. A'Doy Said he destroy, annoy, don't meen a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy [crying] [Slick Rick] Picture friends, milk and cookies, when you done wit the boys game Toy playin, Ricky Jr. being one of the joys name And further taught him birds and bees so on the nerdin birds, heard the second to third and 'dada' better be the first words too Just kiddin, gonna be a one man girl, spend a lotta me wearin Best to care, best about what money can buy, is what I be wearin Rip these ribbons around, protectin, this ain't a kid I've kept in Don't raise ya kindergarten probably be another major step in Long as holdin star, holdin, cuz yo be loadin trips and sowin Ya knowin, throw a fancy hover in the drowin It's kinda pleasin a ray, so baby sit, no thank you heasin Sneazin, now what do I do when he cry for no reason So any toy, he wants he get, yo kids it worth it, Mr. A'Doy Said he destroy, annoy, don't meen a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy [crying] [Slick Rick] Baby mom, under wing, though if dressed, I could string Line of cuties, though cling, don't wanna mess up a good thing You know how it is, when guys are big, girls seem to hog And scream a dog or scheme for more drugs Goin into labor date, 18 of August It's that time tellin friends, congratulate's yellin Gotta be six or premature, but thanks to God, he's doin well And givin credit where it's due, while rap achievin let it As for bills forget it, cuz the way I rap, don't even sweat it Why though when me and my husband, don't fuss, agree Though son, I still kinda wish I could of been there when he was born At 3:01, by gone be gone, there's nowhere wrong and all Yours sons about, and since I didn't, this being the first You know I had to write a rap about the incident And the rose is for the squeeze, I would of sent it for no women Wit the kin in it, we should thank Lord as we enter a new beginning And like I said, any toy, I'm tryin ya that, Ms. A'Doy That they destroy, annoy, don't mean a moms in middle of fifth and joy And it's a boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Warren G Album: Behind Bars Song: Behind Bars (Dum Ditty Dum Mix) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Warren G] Check this out, this Warren G, y'know what I'm saying Chilling wit my man Slick Rick, you know And we gonna give you all a little tale about this jail stuff You know, so Rick, why don't you run it homie, yea [Slick Rick] In the slammer kid but I'm innocent Lord played witty wasn't having any pity Now wit razor blades, did he Cry suppose the situation seen mad eyes of foes Drives a Rolls, hey, yo, money, what size are those Need to phone me toanothe sprang up,hm, to gang up On the skid, housing the phone like he didn't know how to hang up Would be hard though ought a minute or so and then yells time on a  And when you get your commisary, buy this and that or else I'm gonna Be on that ass and won't stay off, extort, fig I say, way off Beaten death, you ain't protecting me, forgot today's my day off Hold my head and drift the ?Sumo weighing nuts and cars? Instead of sitting here accumulating cuts and scars, behind bars Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day This type of shit happens every day Take some punk locked up to get beat down ripped down to his boots is broke down Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day This type of shit happens every day Riots, malay and disturbances of the peace [Warren G] Mister Slick Rick let me take it for a second And tell a short tale about the LA county jail 9500 that was the lock up When the lights got dim, it was time for the soccer Jacking for the money, backstab was my mission If a riot jumped out, it's time for incision Sticking niggas here and sticking niggas there I turn around and look and seen cops everywhere Jacking brothers up, slapping brothers up If you got blood on your clothes, lock up High powered was the level, level fo' Niggas sentenced to life and you can't be no ho (bitch) Or you can't tooken wit homies overlooken As safe next door wit the Puma straight cooking Lighten up the whole module, hm Godamn, yea, anothe squabble [Slick Rick] One fight, the nigga trip, seal the rest he might scared By couldn't squeal, I's like officer that nigga right there Now if he ain't get me his friends will, needed a utensil It turn out, I had to stab him in the eye wit a pencil State of shock, he made a yell, I said, now what you want traitor CO puts me in the bin, I see ya about a month later Back in population, didn't matter that his friends tensed The phone prints, the years added to the sentence Still chilling and all of that and I escaped When the damn thing sold, don't hit the sto' cause they made a rape attempt Thank goodness, failed, call out next, he wail out Here go the CO, Ricky Walters, back up, bailed out The Co couldn't see the rape, the kid'll snithc mass figure Fast trigger, you'll be back, you little bitch ass nigga Au vare, back to dating sluts and stars At least for now, no more accumulating cuts and scars Behind bars The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art Of Storytelling Song: Kill Niggaz Typed by: donamini@excite.com Yeah, check, check, I can't, I can't manage I, I can't  (But you must Rick) I can't, I can't manage (But you must Rick) Ah, shit Hoes ass kiss cause I'm like Jason, vision Releasin' me a basket case from prison - Pissed Blood feenin', the villain like 'Wassup ya'll' Deep down schemin' how to kill 'em Misleadin' a bit, although proceedin' a hit I made 'em feel I'd never jeopardise my freedom for shit Played the empty headed part,  Though the moment they dreaded start, neat Back of the head and took the credit card Seen properly decease, Made it look like an everyday robbery to police And I's out Police believed a thief pop for sureity, a jerky Alert the rest to beef up security And not to get flashy, although another blast occurred Another brother deservin' to get massacred Pleasure in poppin' that flea Should a heard mister tough guy coppin' mad pleas Not insane, nor am I biased Though feels good to watch a motherfucker die before  my fly ass Ain't nuttin' to blast, fuck it Then I put some crack vials in the ass pocket and was off Police said a thug awaited, since I didn't leave no evidence A drug related incident I still clock the mil' figures, cock back triggers Reason why your girlfriends dig us - cause I kill niggaz You are my shining star, my guiding light, my thug fantasy  You are my shining star, my guiding light, my thug fantasy Well I had it up to here, that's why a brother buckin' trife And gettin' way with murder, this the motherfucking life At a jam, nine figure on shelf While your army a nigger snickering among self - thiefs Who wanna clock the bread off the next That's why Im gonna blow their fucking head off Maybe the victor get stuck up Giving these clowns opportunity to fuck up They knowin' that the kid crew showers, eye cowers And leaves for 'bout a good two hours While they're like 'we coulda caught Rick what, for allsort' That's what the assholes thought Tough guy mumblin', I thunderin' Why I had a motherfucking A-K ya wondering And raise it higher, start giving them the fire As they scream like high pitch women like Mariah Blood on the wall like, other brothers ball like they hit Seein' shots split a motherfuckers head like lettuce Run a nigger best bet is for another duck in gage I'm in a motherfucking rage Mask 'bout face, Now figure dash Smash 'bout 10 ta 15 nigger ass out More enemy dug, deceased, caught Had not, gave one fuck what police thought (what?) But first I best provide all brainiacs With evidence of a suicidal maniac While I clock the mil' figures, cock back triggers Reason why your girlfriends dig us - 'cause I kills niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ OutKast Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Street Talkin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Slick Rick Don't try to claim things I haven't earned honest, man Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam What kid? Diamond on the 2-2 grand Trying to help raise all youth to man Slick the Ruler Rick his space to slam Help clean up this land The reputation of this man Withhold and withstand Verse One: Slick Rick OutKast and Slick, the answer is in it Hon you need to get your ass on the dancefloor this minute We bruise stuff, knock you out shoes, socks Show your ass, move your fuck out, we're mad smoove snots La-Di-Da-Di, mmmmm we like to party Don't make me get money and platinumize my body with bright stuff, known to earn a dyke's love Blind folks be like, "Somebody turn the lights off" Immense rep, poppin out a muffin Make famous artists that's dead hop out a coffin At the real estate, behavin type choosy Want a palace with the shit beige and light blue please Got the kid like "watch your melon" Since I came out of jail, it's like the planet gone bananas Lack of strength a badder fella had Lady lookin at me all stink, I had to tell her that Chorus Verse Two: Big Boi Uhh, I went from _Player's Ball_ to bulldoggin From bulldoggin to bowhoggin Now bowhoggin and pimpwalkin That strictly fresh and street talkin And we all last like that there Ruin them all up like cat hair We never fall off like hat wear We some of the dopest MC's out there Now eat that, OutKast and Ricky D, bitch can you beat that? Remember the time I laid them down to Teenage Love now see that Just to sport a rhyme and break in new patterns like hymens Shuckin and jivin was never the style I'm gon' keep on beatin this line Spittin that King Shit, you cling shit A tailor and a seamstress New gators for you haters and the penis for all you beatches Like an addiction cause I need it, hip-hop is that I be that Like a junkie showin your monkey, cause I sho' nuff like to beat it Might just eat it just to skeet it, fold you up like you was pleated Like some slacks and, relaxin, be strollin like some cats then I got a, baby daughter, and I feed her with this rappin Not trappin, b-boy, but rappin, huh Chorus Verse Three: Slick Rick Seems everybody's open off the grammar The white fox pink velvet suit, white cabana Listen baby girl, genius Rick ta.. dreamboat wish, you shoulda been clicked picture (Check her out) I don't know what you're tryin to figure out Down South, barbecue ribs fly out a nigga mouth And touchin me The Chosen, for such a will opposin Me and Big Boi tryin to give our children clothing Smokin love - do we provide dope enough? Even people UNBORN KID wide open off the enginin I'm sendin in Even make construction workers start actin kind of feminine (Hi!!) 10%'ll blast this hit from me and Big Boi who represent the OutKast click A jealous cat, lack of strength a badder fella had Lady lookin at me all stink, had to tell her that Chorus Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam.. Tryin to help raise all youth to man.. Slick the Ruler Rick his space to slam.. The reputation of this man.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Nas Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Me & Nas Bring it to Your Hardest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest [Slick Rick] Skills provide the shows, also fright the foes And when I step into a room, pimps hide they hoes "Is that really him?"	"Yes, that's his Highness and for the last time stop lookin at his fine ass" (Y'know!) Homosexuals, smirk, converse and say "That nigga box is WORKIN girlfriend!" You wanna talk about a fat phrase carrier to billionaire white chick jump the race barrier? You know a nice girl, but I didn't want a bit of her Sayin, "I like your slang what's with the wife, get rid of her" Son, Sony talkin Japanese with mice like, "Whattup Rick? You can have my cheese kid" I am such a heavy hitter even chandalier jealous off the patch ice glitter (bling!) Rappers walkin round, strappin fearsome, HERE SON and remember your rap career's done 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, we'll seperate the men from the heartless [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest [Nas] Runnin spots, pants leg tucked in my socks Puff and lay a spread, order drinks, Henn on the rocks Wintertime sport a fox, maybe a sable Three-quarter length mink sound right for this occasion Heard me John Blazin, see me in gangster flicks Life is so amazin, hate to be paperless Bill Gate in this, it must be God, I'm not a atheist Wanted like kingpins by ATF Your girl want my name on her chest Me and Rick argue about whose chain is the best Gucci boxers, my diet changed from sushi to pastas Wear my hat like the late Sinatra's Models pop the coochie when the spot us Finally rappers you could be proud of, from the Bronx to Queensbridge Houses WHAT? If you feel me then holla Thug niggaz, who bail be worth a million dollars, what 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, we'll seperate the men from the heartless [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Trackmasters.. Def Jam.. 	Baby what the deal [Rick]	Slick Rick, Big Nas yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: I Own America (Part I) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slick Rick] All of you cock-pullers are frontin Wave your arms around like your some octopus or somethin To better ya For any chick you want, I'm gettin her Rob people, mad ignorant, et cetera Who the one to entertain and fume with? Who you know breed humans can't be in the same room with? Reefer sweet, wrap it up, free fix greet Every rapper rap maggot underneath Rick's feet Evicted -- why you tryin to find shit to lick with? Even your kids tell you that you ain't shit to Slick Rick Though you pretend to be glory I'm number one, that's the end of the story The black Clark Gable leave you numb Every single one, frontin on your label is a bum Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus: repeat 2X From New York to Cali none'll fuck with the awkward, you think Muhammad Ali used to talk shit? Bing! This sure hit alone'll bury ya And even I got de-ported, I Own America [Slick Rick] He's so crazy -- I smash rippin up the place Give the mack a taste -- I wipe my ass with a rapper face Cars come to a dead stop Rain find ways not to drop on my headtop Tycoon rush at the richest Even my complexion is a must-have to bitches Even without, car money to budget I would have the most elegant apartment in the projects Knahmean? Bitches are in awe * at the lingo		* (pronounced OAR) Know that Rick'll put an end to all rapper income An old-timer, lock up all vagina fields France nor Italy can fuck with my designer skills Saltin inferior, faultin to where we are Tryin to find fault in superior Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus [Slick Rick] You lack the taste hook I'm stickin em with While degenrate like yourself make our race look ignorant (mm) And your girlfriend wanna kiss and deploy Bout in the groin gets none of this tenderloin Feet planted on deep black firmament Bow -- in the presence of who lead rap permanent Like a lion rap rips a chunk of kids You stunk, cause mortals ain't shit to conquer Somebody said new pharoahes have appeared How when everything I wore ten years ago you wear now? I coulda murder heard a word out quick Rick stomp it kid Hung to it, you complete bum to Rick Source Awards, yeah Rick every seminar Even make Sadaam Hussein tell me where the weapon are (mm-hmm) Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art Of Storytelling Song: Who Rotten 'Em Typed by: donamini@excite.com One of the greatest rapper, walk - I'm sayin' In the field makin' my brick without hayin' Mad busy kid, nah whip cut here You, boy, drop your bundle bring your butt in A soldier, what I do to that hood? "Are you that slave everybody tellin' me rap good? Calm down, not goin' ta murder ya Clean yourself, Pharoah said he wanna have a word with ya" My mom, pop, look concerned After takin' a shower, dress and returned The soldier, kinda on the dark end Brought me and the motherfucking palace was barking In the midst, a poet, dryin' Pharoah and his girl being entertained by him Motherfucker got some nerve said "Bring slave forward, let me observe" He asked me my name and start badger me "Ricky, what?", 'Ricky, your majesty' And bowed because I had to,  Kick a rap that shit better sound fat too Who rotten 'em Plaits swing, but have you forgotten 'em Biggest big shouts since King Tut and 'em (who rotten 'em) Kids ville, motherfucker couldn't sit still All bitches is open off Rick's grill (who rotten 'em) Definetly exort, any stalkin' Hawk gawkin' at silk fabrics when I'm walkin(who rotten 'em) Fondle with right, yet, spec get delighted All a that jungle shit, whites rap "He's fat" queen said to the pharoah excited and did seem obvious the rap delighted him Then start banging on appliance (Yes your honour?) "Send this other rapper to the lions" (Please, no!) Pleaing with merit, if you kill him for my sake My raps will do the spirit 'Please let him live, I prefer that' "OK, well, send him where this slave used to work at" Do or die jammin' me into Even was allowed to move the family in too Any beat better rap good on Even gave me mad nice outfits to put on Knowing that my rap stlye bumped many And expecting some important company The king visits where I was put to write "Slave, you're behind, better rap real good tonight" In other words, lay your mack down 'Cause these cats not the one to sound wack round So that night, when they summers be them clapping Took a deep breath and then began rapping Who rotten 'em Tryin' a find out what excite, what I write,  What ignite with Lion never once tried to bite Rick Excusely, assumed to meek, refuse to greet A smoother geek, just move ya feet Shocked all dippin' and stoppin' Even slave owner wanted me to whip a man, fucker Shakin' any prison, kickin' back, sick of crap And sista breakin' when a nigger rap Well it was obvious the raps unpluggin' Dignitaries spat wine out they mouth, buggin' This they never heard that type a tactic Gold sandles all over their fat steps One dignitary over what man said "I'll give you half the eastern border if you sell him" Back at the rest spot to nap a bit Mom! Pop! They delighted with the rapper did "Son", my mom said sweepin' up "That lunatic'll kill you if you don't keep it up" What's wrong with you, "Son, I'm not scornin' you Leave your best for a rainy day, I'm warnin' you" Ripped my ego apart So I set upon a mission to change the king heart 'Sire, whippin don't pay off A lot more done you give a nigger one day off' He took my advice, 'stead a yell again Sir noticed that my input was accurate intelligence That type meant ta stripe, kids Even after he died, I still write raps like this Who rotten 'em All teacher and scholar try proceed me, believe me I am all culture that you need be And superior juice to abuse, I choose Use words racist slave owner used to Sandwich known crook, redbone hook too Got his own land, which you're known look to Not only ass wipes, swept side kick Shocker and them niggers even try to dress like Rick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: 2 Way Street Typed by: donamini@excite.com Well I shot some there, then I copped some beer And did a show up in West Bubblefuck somewhere Due to raps wider ratio, satellites to Nato Hillbilly draws flew on the stage like tomatoes Apparently more mack than I thought Unfortunately wife piece back in New York And I'm starvin Being human and open with A mad fine hillbilly woman was scoping Rick Thought entered how to lean and bent it Though I'm not gonna lie I was extremely tempted (To what, Rick?) To discharge in a sista Next thing in the dressing room, "Pardon me, mister" Yes, I said cautiously "Crazy, but possibly  you could sign your name on the back of these Dazy Duke shorts for me" Try to resist, now girlfriend startin' it The pen won't write, "You can press down hard on it" - Now my hand browsing her South end Spun around about to shove my tongue in her mouth when Rring! - Loosen the grip my hell had My girl, she was talking so nice I felt bad Being untrue, no telling what it might do to her "I love you", forced to say I love you back too to her Any thought of getting pussy was doomed to:"You got a wife?"  Anniversary comin up soon too Got off the phone, cock just got mute Don't get me wrong it's not like you're not cute (Uh-huh) I'm wrong for mistreating her, the wanting to skeeting her "I understand, goodbye, it was real nice meetin' ya" What an angel overcoming his wrongness The moral I am trying to get across in this song is If goodness is what you're filling your soul with And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with Realise early it's a 2 way street, kid (Say what?) Goodness is what you're filling your soul with And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with Realise early it's a 2 way street, kid Casually seating with some thick chords eating With my album playing at a big board meeting "I love this", being the coolest and the ruffest A big willie woman pulls the Ruler in her office And fixed a wedge in her garment, unsteady my heart went 'Cause her office looked like a three bedroom apartment - Pounding was inevitable She said to me "Rick, I think your album is incredible" The way the hon' upon I, comin' on a sun I "You're so darn sexy with that patch over your one eye" Well I'm glad you think it's boomin' and I catch ya Means a lot to me, coming from a woman of your stature I mean, who could resist the Don head? Start caressing Rick private, kiss me on the neck And I can't be held accountable if down her gown I pull Girlfriend pussy look plump and poundable She sweats the set me emporer Put one of your legs up on the desk and let me enter ya Fantastic, though I start to act drastic When I see my wedding band 'pon the bitch left ass cheek Deep down, she felt that I tried to diss I'm like, I can't do this as much as I'd like to miss An angel overcoming his wrong, kids The point that I am trying to get across in this song is If goodness is what you're filling your soul with And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with Who keep no secret, like who they creep with Realise early it's a 2 way street, kid (Say what?) Goodness is what you're filling your soul with And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with Who keep no secret, like who they creep with Realise early it's a 2 way street, kid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Canibus Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: King Piece in the Chess Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slick Rick] Check, check, check, check Check, check.. * Slick Rick starts humming a snake charmer song * Yeah.. They say.. that Rick Rick is.. You're all garbage, that type talk I'm on Dumb one becomin glad the great one walks among Whisperin, couple I scuffle eye You little feedback niggaz don't want any trouble Rick'll own clout, sewn bout Lick a throw now, how til death I kick a bone out Why pursue for folk object? My record will be barkin all through your broke project ?? Yes my dog art, best to park her, kark her ?? You don't want death to walk her Not sayin that -- ain't nuttin could do me But in the rap game, all secondary to me WHOA, whatever I settle if a nigga wanna eat he better never cry battle Hell yeah, ram the one sell fare elsewhere Put you and your family on welfare Chorus: Canibus (Ricky D!) Rip it up, your watery blood ain't thick enough, yo wack niggaz ain't slick enough Ready and willin to face you, death awaits you The king piece in the chess game, to checkmate you [Slick Rick] Ooooooooooh, twist shot bitch, ?? voter ignores ?? Watch toys duck, consider rap's ultimate voicebox Devour, and addressin dem coward How can one man posess so much power? Rhyme tearin through, bash all trifle the eyes and spare a few assholes lives This object -- brothers are glued to knob lick 'Scuse me, if I'm bein overly rude to public The favorite -- make you fall in love, make whoever with clever kid, make you do the best steps you ever did The trick is, managin to kick it It's no such thing as challenging the Slickest It's double-or-sure shot, crumble before spot (I know) Must be humble before God Ringing, cat must fear king-ing Party over here, type atmosphere spinning Chorus [Slick Rick] Ooooooooooh, I toy your cheddar top-netter You find me a human being, boy or girl bet-ter It's short son -- nurse and them soundkick bark on Stop talk, stop worshipin the ground Rick walk on Bitch play number one bougie Wish they could give motherfucker some pussy Seen the face of supreme in tasteness Never see another human being this greatness Successful, and the hype is effectful and sorry God if bein any type disrespectful and hip-hop, assume pop's acquited Now with tick-tock, you don't stop, hit it! Command Rick, shower the firmament Earnin it, tremendous power is permanent Unless frame interest dame Let's name who the king piece in the chess game Chorus 4X [Canibus] Yo, we can battle in front of the castle, I'll disgrace you I roast you, I burn you, I bake you I cremate you -- I motherfuckin hate you! The king piece in the chess game'll check mate you, nigga! Ricky D y'all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Trapped in Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slick Rick] Yeah kid.. Well first of all, sit your, cause I'm Victor The Ruler decorate a record just like a picture Slicker licker isn't this vigorous Motherfucker too Don Suave for any nigga it's I sold that offender Short killer note is that I wrote a tremendous Old neighborhood chow, now Rick vow even rich niggaz must bow now Extrordinarily handsome, grandson Pack your bags, suitcase out the mansion Any time that you wish that - I flow that A whole bunch of big shots bums, now you know that Opinions, wifepiece - hers fat You wish a rapper could be better than perfect Candidate, who talk shit anyway And this is what most bitch walk this planet say 	Ricky your rappin is trapped in me 	Ricky your rappin is trapped in me 	Your rappin is trapped in me 	Your vocals is trapped in me 	Your voice gets trapped in me 	Your lyrics is trapped in me 	Your vocals is trapped in me.. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Fecal sick of it, through the thick of it Even my cat like, "Ricky you the nigga kid" Certain rappers earned thou on shit Watch them nigga ass squirm now in front Rick How dare you figure it out one come fair Nigga career, buried now somewhere Gladys Pips and off her, force her Even back when I was the fattest shit the world saw DJ, attack the eight track White black motherfuckin men RCA jacks Royal, holla me, all y'all know I lead you Follow me, all four Centerpiece, narrow in the shit ass White House bounces off the power that the kid has While other rap plunderin under ya You incredible, unstoppable wonder you Candidate, who talk shit anyway And this is what most bitch walk this planet say 	Ricky your vocals is trapped in me 	Rick your voice gets trapped in me 	Ricky your lyrics is trapped in me 	Ricky your rappin is trapped in me 	Rick your voice gets trapped in me 	Ricky your style gets lost in me 	Ricky your lovin gets trapped to a T Eyepatch and kneel, don't well that's a heel Can't even go to the bathroom mat for real Vision, won't patch eye kiss of the three gay niggaz pushin up like prisoner Can't stand it - and the Ricky is organic On the real, got too much style for this planet Woman hard mark, old charcoal nigga don't make me get the jewels start sparkle Anytime you hear the La-Di-Da-Di start bitch underwear been flung off the bodypart And find, they assembling grand rhyme Can't find, I'm overwhelming to mankind Why discrepancies erupt to and play with intelligence you cannot measure up to Candidate, who talk shit anyway And this is what most bitch walk this planet say 	Ricky your rap gets trapped in me 	Ricky your vocals get trapped in me 	Rick your voice gets trapped in me 	Ricky your lyrics get trapped in me 	Ricky your lovin gets trapped in me 	Ricky your style gets trapped in me 	Ricky your lovin gets rocked in me.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling * Song: Impress The Kid Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au * originally appeared on the Rush Hour soundtrack Intro: (DJ S&S), Slick Rick (Uhh check it out..... S&S...... with the ruler '98........Def Jam.....) And here we are, in the phase again That ol' funeral music, is he goin to heaven or is he goin to hell? I don't know, he's right in the centre, y'knowhutImean? (Uhh uhh) (Uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh c'mon Uhh-huh yeah, uhh-huh c'mon, uhh-huh '98 c'mon.....) Verse One: Nigga no way rap better than, act better, that  veteran of rap *?ceteran?* Brung on, motherfucker sung on, run on Come on, go and have fun on, run on Immediate considered, no he really ain't The main ingredient, comedian, must be obedient Reason why the player who away a few, say that too cos no one else can talk shit way I do School kid, the cool slid and I rule wid, still shoot wid my 2, kid Ain't no way on Earth to faze Rick, the man plays with wit Eras-ed the man amazin the bassin Border him, all on ya albums slaughterin Better spin like slavery when I order him Rejects creep yet keep step Every borough, every state, every country in deep check Chorus: Mack all of it, controller shit, catch hold of it How you gonna move Slick when cats like solo Rick? Accept, yet no chances that they make plans to wreck and make a nigga, breakdance the record I turned and learned this sequel I burned went urgent, mad white people like servin Interested with, gets congested with clowns, haven't made a record, impress the kid Verse Two: No entry, let's keep a hood rhymin shit (A-party people) Are you tryin to have yourself a good time or what? No stressin you, type of beat bring out the best in you Allegeble, ruler came to add a touch of bless onto Niggas think they bashin me, his majesty of garbage and never were no match for me and actually many a girl catch the fever and I don't need anyone else rap with either If this is based on skill, kill anybody will affiliate Rick real to Hicksville Same ruler movin cowardness out of this Never out powerless, devour this and now it is time for one to leave upon impeach Help teach all men how to live amongst each (KnowI'msayin?) Although a lotta creep yet keeps Every borough, every state, every country in deep check Chorus Verse Three: The bounce men, S&S sound bend Listen up kid, an important announcement There's a rapper I know many interested in named Rick, no rapper alive could mess with him Lace records all audience roar to Grand of a show, skill on the dancefloor too Freakin awesome, of course I'm married High school broads keep your drawers on cos this one in perf' case Guaranteed to make you break fool at the work place Diligent, shout as Mr. Militant Allow me to do my thing, it's all brilliant Although sometime the reign may slip can't skip my part on the hu-man tip Ain't shit, you rejects creep yet keep step Every borough, every state, every country in deep check Chorus Outro: DJ S&S Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt, c'mon S&S'll make ya move your butt Throw your hands up, throw your hands up Throw your hands up, throw your hands up S&S and Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt Slick Rick and S&S'll make ya throw your hands up S&S and Slick Rick make ya move your butt S&S'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon Slick Rick'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon S&S'll make ya move your butt now c'mon Yeah c'mon, yeah c'mon Yeah, S&S and we're out, OOOOHHHHH!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: I Run This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * cut and scratched "Slick Rick" * * audience applause * * siren sounds * "MC... Ricky... D" * last syllable scratched * "Okay party people in the house" * scratched * "This is the original grand wizard" * cut and scratched "Slick Rick" * [unknown sample] * scratched "Slick Rick" * "Something funky push that in em" "Ricky... D" [Slick Rick] Is it a custom - to what? To provoke out a hostile apostle and make him smack the coke out your nostril BAP, the butter cat at gutter rappin and I'm all man Whatever gotta happen gotta happen Boy don't make me put my grown man shoe in you And I'm sorry father, for any wrongdoing doin you Cause dogs barkin and the girl sigh Here to present myself as the sparkle of the world's eye Picture I - where Spice Girls chick arrived England, January 14th, six-five While you scream out Brannyville "You old ass rapper!" You got it, but can he still sever, in other words, rap more clever like no other younger rapper walkin could ever? Apparently I done this, on this Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign I RUN THIS "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* "Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.* "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* [Rick] Out the way of who reign, I RUN THIS "Run.. run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.* [Rick] Stop the world kid, bring it home Slick "run, r-run"		"run, r-run" [Slick Rick] Are, you, ready? 	"run" The fact is, mack caught cable in an actress and really is the black Clark Gable of the rap biz Racists reactin, hastin for action The motherfucker got exquisite taste for a black man What you never know? All clothes come off a hoe Ever see me with my jewels and toast from off of Mo'? *psssh* Past where handsome measures like the whole entire Rat Pack, AND some precious And chartable, such a big spark I pull Nuns even say, "That motherfucker's remarkable!" And aliens who came to earth gathering "Great gosh the man has soul, we must have him" Like a ?, there isn't none after me Liz will throw away her walker and run after me Snatch crowns -- done this, on this Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign I RUN THIS "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* "Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.* "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* [Rick] Out the way of who reign, I RUN THIS "run, r-run"	"as we go"	"run, r-run" "run, r-run"	"as we go"	"run, r-run" "run, r-run"	"as we go"	"run, r-run" 		"as we go a little somethin like this, HIT IT!" [Slick Rick] Up Hastings, crew downfaced and lose Either one way or the other, foundation choose Although the prune I kick, I didn't come to wound a sick child Hit a lost world, actin like a lunatic *blblblblbl* who provoke til a heard of smoke forced good men to pull out and start to murder folk Tired of the basement placed in Take responsibility for your action as a race then Instead of put cheer in our bone, paperhood promote negativity, and fear in our own neighborhood Since royalty breed to be (uh-huh) And I puts small seed where small seed need to be Like an angel tend to fly as, mention I as I didn't make the laws, but they make sense to my ass While waitin for the world end, won this Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign I RUN THIS [Rick] See what I mean kid? "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* [Rick] That patch-eyed motherfucker RUN THIS "Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.* "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* [Rick] I RUN THIS "run, r-run"		"run, r-run" "run, r-run"		"run, r-run" "run, r-run"		"run, r-run" Are, you, ready??	"run" [Rick] RUN THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* "Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.* "Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched* [Slick Rick] Yeah BABY, Slick Rick 1999, 2000, the whole damn thing kid it's all mine Go AWAY "MC" *scratched* "Ricky D" *last syllable scratched to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Raekwon the Chef Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Frozen Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "How can I forget you" 4x [Slick Rick] Rick the Ruler, Raekwon, hehe the Chef, check one two [Raekwon] Touch more, taste a glass of oil Flash yours Rae Money we saw, left em dead on the door, dick Rots look chunky on the index Straight up, Lee vets and like old Adidas sweats We the the illest vets [Slick Rick] Apologies, even a non-dog holler "he's honor" Please, appreciate shit I clog Wallabee's Brothas wit they fists like oaks wood Provokes doom, and you're also about to go broke soon [Raekwon] Mad current merchants, we nursed it Bad guerillas, feed us like guaranteed they gon' kill us Fleeing, ninety in a night suit, G-ing white dudes Hit the locks first, we made a right troop [Slick Rick] I'm lushin Russian women, via satelite I'm watchin I dare a nigga say he wanna battle me, I'll crush ya Even blind girls rush next to Hammera and scream out "Oh my gosh, get the camera" Chorus[Raekwon] Yo we frozen, lay on the bount now, we a day on Ill niggas yellin "Throw Rick and Rae on" Hydro, how did I blow, how did I flow Did I glow, let them niggas know  [Slick Rick] (Yo) Rap wars commence and they kids cause offense I don't have to say a word and your bitch-drawers are drenched Didn't say I was gonna murder the fella But The Ruler got some shit the could stop a herd of gorillas [Raekwon] Stressed wit Hollywood hoes, actin up Backin up, what? This yours, what? Crawlin in the cut, we lee major Gems on wit Timbs, brims on drawn to lay you up Layin in the day wit what? [Slick Rick] Next pull up CEO wit bank books full up Even though he's overwhelmed, this nigga Rolls Royce pull up One of the baddest come, noddin to a Spanish song Slung, orange woolridge park and a Savannah pump [Raekwon] Severe teaspoons, scary money on the moon Lampin wit a big goon, keep shit tight like a kid's room Big Bird in the driveway, bullet out Friday I'm liver that way, I ride only the fly way Olive-green thinkin, ship sinkin Deep-dish thinkin, big fish tank, wrist full of Franklins This mock-neck, shark-skin money Eighty-eight, summer reader dun ?dummeries? Rock dungarees [Slick Rick] Punctures his lung, son says "I don't want this" Even this so-so beat I make monstrous Lady cops stake to watch pair hoods "Freeze, you're under arrest, you look mad good" Hot and don't fret retard who won't let the new sherifs in town What part you don't get? Rick and Rae, and now we storin the passion The fashion, the dress, I went to work on your ass  Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art Of Storytelling Song: Why, Why, Why Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Slick Rick] Back in the day, we slow kiss And man, I did search for an interior motive Cuz all your look is sound hype I wanna see if your worthwhile, settlin down type God knows there's bigger So, absorb to see if you gon sweat the next nigga Oh help me make green light furriers You know in life you can't race around with no worthless So continue the sequel You weighed in the scale and we lived as free people Then disagree and erupted too I don't feel my standards are being lived up to So erection conquers, I ran out, went and had sex in Yonkers God knows that flakin, jerkin her and not the replace Great is lookin for I thought you said you loved me, didn't he? (lay hey hey) I thought you said forever, to decease (lay hey hey) I swore you were dishonest, do you believe (lay hey hey) I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey) [Slick Rick] Low is my time of honor, friend material and not that type of barner So myself out of chump Would the problems with having worth that type of jump Commitment, rig, act cruddy, and regardless, move made and back studyin Still screamin, thrown and elegance Grown, don't play, growned intelligence Fix what bother, and another If speed's on made, once again, who gonna suffer? Stubborn fools came The mule came over here wit a girl from the old school name Though hit and all though back's about wit, memories And that's about it, Cuz [Slick Rick] And uneasiness kept here, even after we made this big giant step here Womanhood, somewhere in the basement Slowin down again, so I'm lookin 'a replacement Music poundin a slow jam Wit a girl knowin and down wit the program Although the honey aim style king Wit a took broom and taimin the wild thing Loud, uneasiness brought out Still tried to shove my tongue down the bushy broad mouth Speedin, chasin after vaccine Tried to string along, but I didn't have the patience Learned from cussin and confusion Breakin Commandments wasn't a solution Though a few minor clicks in relationship Still time to fix things [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Adults Only Typed by: CshMoNy699@aol.com Check (5X) Well, let us skip the boring foreplay I'm slidin' right in  This girl over my house who had to be about 19 Ass, hoes in my poster  She's sweatin' although she tried to hold her composure I hoped she'd take it in the ass and suck dick (Girl) My my what a nice apartment you got Rick On her knees about to make her fall  (Girl) "All platinum and gold jammies hangin' on the wall too,  you got it goin' on" Now my mouth start foamin'  The lights dim we're kissin' and my hands start roamin' in her drawers  (Girl) Stop! Knew she was joking  cause I ain't even fuck her and her pussy was soaking WET! Already had her tit out  If I play my cards right, fuck her dig in the hole she shit out  (Girl) Rick I gotta go my girls waitin' She recaps finally when honey drawers down to her kneecaps  Breathed heavy all mushy bitch  Swore up and down I was gonna fuck her in the pussy Since friends waitin' on subtle  Bout time to make a move upon the hungry little butthole Meanwhile she acted quite passive  lickin' the hun neck while she lotionin' that ass with jelly Tit hung out the frame nigga loco Surprised honey didn't put up too much of a struggle, at first Sinkin' in she ain't know how to be the bitch went  (Girl) ahh Rick it hurts take it out of me! Knocked my magazine down, bitch threw my papers  You wanna keep it down I mean I do have neighbors! Squirmin' away although the table was barrin' her  Felt real good my dick was sunk so far in her She said it felt like a bull dowser barrin her  Sqealin about she couldn't take it anymore in her My cummed on her straight in the perm in her, (here)  As I drained every last drop of sperm in her (where) Chorus: So girls when we kiss and we cuddle, ain't no way to put it subtle  when I want the butt hole! (Moaning in back round) Another girl I met, her experience fast because  Most girls wit kids don't be hit in they ass before Picked her up sunset  (Girl) Don't be late for dinner, ma Bringin' honey home from the date at the cinema Thinkin' how to fuck the ass so plottin',  blown in the elevator, hit the stop button She smiled, by knowin' her butt I wanna bore  I said "Can I have a kiss now instead of in front of your front door" (kissing/sex in the back round) (Uhhhmmm!! Oh yeah!) Although the rule I tried not to push hard,  I'm all over the bitch like an octopus  Deep down I know she also wanna fuck  Though I kept my tounge in her mouth so not to put her on the spot To have to talk no shit to prevent me from bonin'  Unzap the bra, when the hooker start moanin and  Expose my espresso suck on her and lick on her  Unbucklin' pullin' out mad long dick on her Panties in the way of that, but I want to check it out Slipped her wet drawers down her thigh and took her leg out Her butt was juicy kinda fat,  spun around start to stick her in the pussy from the back She came, mad juice dripped out,  still in the pussy then acted like it slipped out Cum on the floor, She said "Pardon the puddle"  Spread open her cheeks, pushed hard in her butt hole  Uhhhmmm, wasn't a bad date at all, she went AHHHH AHHHH Start pullin' at my balls while I'm still penetratin'  Felt fantastic, she said  (Girl) "Rick I'm not really into this ass kick" Meanwhile Rick cummin' by the gallon,  put your hands on the wall please And try an' keep your balance Lickin' the grill in her, meanwhile fillin' her  Till sperm start pourin' out her butt hole while I'm still in her Then start rammin' the pine in her  I almost picked her up with these final grinds in her Chorus: So girls when we kiss and we cuddle,  aint no way to put it subtle when I want the butthole! (Moaning) Girl: My ass, more, more, more! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Memories Typed by: MYNAMEISDB@aol.com Yeah, know what I mean Rick? Know what I mean Rick? Know what I mean Slick, Whoa! Yeah, whee! [Slick Rick] Fine grown Pine-Sol Heavenly rhyme throne Remember when you were young in the 70 time zone Stages, ages about seven I say kid The dress code of our parents looked awfully outrageous Not down on em, games and clownin When soul was at it's highest rate like James Brown 'n them ??, A groovy era acting Member seeing Shaft in the movie theater back then? I feel Richard Roundtree got 'em a fly deal Black man wearin' bell bottom and high heels Laughed a lot, some action mass production Remember when cars were darn near half a block long? Parents were so into that crap Bunch a sweet memories to us older rap cats Muhammad Ali knucklin in tournament Pimp daddy hats with buckles and ornaments How we forget snappy Five people sleepin' in one matress and yet happy Could even make sex seem sour  As I impress the world with my extreme power, cause Chorus: repeat 2X Rick make memories sealed in almanacs Not to mention the immence appeal the mack hat When you wake up in the morning (redeem from any crap) Because I bring that love and feeling back to rap [Slick Rick] For situated as poor beneficialator Kool-Aid couldn't last a hot minute in the 'frigerator School notes, slidin and stealin, hidin 'em Bazooka, bubble gum cartoons still inside of 'em No way same essence of ? Pimps flyest dressin' muthafuckas, weren't they? But hood lies, you afraid of a good wine? I used to love the actor who portrayed one on Good Times You need a friend to ? a soul, man it kinda slow One thing 'bout a bro, overflow when it ? Life, a pitiful game 'Member the robot? That was my shit on Soul Train Got hyped to, psyched to,  And the feelin's right to chillin' on the fire  escape on a nice night too No, I'm not gon' try to hurt the ? Remember ride on blood and dry turkey slang? Brothers chippin' in for alcoholic money When you look at old flicks don't we all look funny? Could even make sex seem sour  As I impress the world with my extreme power, cause Chorus [Slick Rick] Yo' mama, damn we used to talk improper then Member when we used to walk bop, walk bop again? Givin' them the rythym that we bought Push our hand back like we was swimmin' when we walked Bad all about, Huggie Bear, Rat all about Member afros, what the fuck was that all about? Buenos noches accents too...friends too Everybody had a lot of roaches back then too Profusely around us, Loosley ? Fleets wearin' Bruce Lee Bandanas And kick shit, ballin the hand I stick wit' ????? Most cases, fatha' away for good Local Flat Foot was part-of the neighborhood Standard, and the panthers (Wow) Used to dress like Erykah Badu and Amanda's now Could even make sex seem sour As I impress the world with my extreme power, cause Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: The Art of Storytelling * Song: Unify Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally appeared on Slick Rick's "Soundtrack to the Streets" [Snoop Dogg] I falls off into a party in the N.Y.C. Niggaz lookin at me strange but they lovin my chain Bang bang, same thang, game came when I left em I do it by my lonely now I'm the Big Homie [Slick Rick] But I'm his Royal Slickness, ghetto weakness, come Rick is the one who expose cornball rappers with the quickness Uhh, who bum from and who balls you hung from Wouldn't give a fuck what part of the country you come from [Snoop Dogg] I'm Snoop Dogg, I'm smooth and imperial I wake up every morning to my Lucky Charms cereal Times get drastic, yeah I'm a classic Dogg Pound Gangsta chokin off that Boombastic [Slick Rick] Now put my verse on the first one-beat the herds come So be careful cause my rap will make you eat your words son (Word to God) Scratch I? Who the hardest to match (I) Bright rewrite your still Garbage to Patch [Snoop Dogg] Haven't you heard? I'm loose, shook the Feds like The Juice Snoop Dogg is a hundred-and-twenty-first proof Fool usea deuce-deuce of some Genuine, Draft I'm genuine, like Vinny's whinin all about cash Cash, cash, so indeed I got the weed  and keep the lighter for the hash, has it,  ever been a time when you didn't have a dime and the only way to get it was to go and do a crime? Chorus: Slick Rick (repeat 2X) Many underclothes hangin on the hoes Since (Snoop, Slick Rick) crushed anyone opposed Lot of ladies - pop Cristal, toast to all those like (Kid Capri) helpin to Unify both coasts [Slick Rick] I'm shredding your temple, none, 'head of the emperor Washed up, gang member? Better remember I wipe my feet upon a rapper like a doormat I hit em -- where they sit around actin hardcore at Thank God for the guardians - in light of this Rappers always beg for me to show them who The Mighty is Gats gonna limp, snaps on a kid that always wanna start rappin (boy they're not gonna win) And wanna dash at lethal or evil Could a King bring style and class to black people? Stick a whole log in and he buggin cause I - represent self, with my man Snoop Dogg and them I drop a pile of semen on em Even in a Yugo I could take they woman from em I make the hardest chew the kewl of this Kid Capri, know the part of peasant, who The Ruler is? Chorus [Snoop Dogg] I'm twenty-six.. still in the mix My hair gettin longer, my game gettin stronger A nigga been on one, I thank God Cause life in the city of stars is gettin hard And it's odd, for a G to get a job so I'd rather steal and rob, and mob with my squad My homie used to bang, now we follow Farrakhan Used to read The Source Now all he read is the Holy Qu'ran Time brings change and change brings time Listen to me hit you with this gangbang rhyme Nigga, whattup, who up, YOU up! Doggy Dogg is on the mic I'm here to fuck it izzzup I give it to y'all, like you really got to have it Dogg Pound Gangstaz, boy this shit is gettin tragic But I'ma make me a grip and dip quick And fuck with my nigga Kid Capri on this G shit Dial tail and bail with my nigga Slick Rick-y And all you niggaz talkin bullshit can just miss me Can't twist me, you fuckin paper haters I'm dippin in my nine-eight gold Navigator I'm dippin like a lo-lo Bouncin, smokin ounces, fo' sho' doe Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: I Own America (Part I) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Slick Rick] All of you cock-pullers are frontin Wave your arms around like your some octopus or somethin To better ya For any chick you want, I'm gettin her Rob people, mad ignorant, et cetera Who the one to entertain and fume with? Who you know breed humans can't be in the same room with? Reefer sweet, wrap it up, free fix greet Every rapper rap maggot underneath Rick's feet Evicted -- why you tryin to find shit to lick with? Even your kids tell you that you ain't shit to Slick Rick Though you pretend to be glory I'm number one, that's the end of the story The black Clark Gable leave you numb Every single one, frontin on your label is a bum Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus: repeat 2X From New York to Cali none'll fuck with the awkward, you think Muhammad Ali used to talk shit? Bing! This sure hit alone'll bury ya And even I got de-ported, I Own America [Slick Rick] He's so crazy -- I smash rippin up the place Give the mack a taste -- I wipe my ass with a rapper face Cars come to a dead stop Rain find ways not to drop on my headtop Tycoon rush at the richest Even my complexion is a must-have to bitches Even without, car money to budget I would have the most elegant apartment in the projects Knahmean? Bitches are in awe * at the lingo		* (pronounced OAR) Know that Rick'll put an end to all rapper income An old-timer, lock up all vagina fields France nor Italy can fuck with my designer skills Saltin inferior, faultin to where we are Tryin to find fault in superior Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus [Slick Rick] You lack the taste hook I'm stickin em with While degenrate like yourself make our race look ignorant (mm) And your girlfriend wanna kiss and deploy Bout in the groin gets none of this tenderloin Feet planted on deep black firmament Bow -- in the presence of who lead rap permanent Like a lion rap rips a chunk of kids You stunk, cause mortals ain't shit to conquer Somebody said new pharoahes have appeared How when everything I wore ten years ago you wear now? I coulda murder heard a word out quick Rick stomp it kid Hung to it, you complete bum to Rick Source Awards, yeah Rick every seminar Even make Sadaam Hussein tell me where the weapon are (mm-hmm) Let me slow it down, that's enough of that This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Doug E. Fresh Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: We Turn it On Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, allright [Doug E. Fresh] This is... a world premiere... One time y'all, as we turn the heat Once again, as we turn the heat Make it hot, make it hot, hot, come on, uh [Slick Rick] Her legends, trying keep it soulful But just since its (Slick Rick) being an old school legend I decide to make a jam the kids will slam on (DING DONG) How you doing, Gigi? Is your man home? In the living room I see the brother sitting Say what yo? [Doug E. Fresh] Yo we cooked 'em in Atlanta [Slick Rick] You think we didn't? Bitch coming on, beat box stunning, son [Doug E. Fresh] Yo, where'd you get that outfit? [Slick Rick] One twenty from (?) Seen the vibe Cali's on Lets do an up to date, Doug, put your Ballys on I burn 'em on, chick got to storm While other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm We Turn It ON (Uh uh on, uh uh on, uh uh on) [Doug E. Fresh] As we turn the heat, yo, yo, uh Here's a blast from the past,crowd movers of the future Unlimited, hitting it like we used ta Boost a track son, we all that son Where you been Rick? [Slick Rick] Me? Missing in action Here's a story bout a cutie, bout a rich, bout to ditch I'm also known to fuck the beauty out a bitch! (Say what?) Might not shoot you in front of group two Run a boot, did I mention I'm also quite cute too? [Doug E. Fresh] Yo, yo, yo fashion and glamour is ammunition Cats wishing to rip it like this, keep fishing Your flow ain't long enough, strong enough And record sales aren't (vocal scratching) [Slick Rick] Enough. Slang it on a phatter to a badder kid Don't matter a bit, I had to shit, and boomerang inadequate Chick got to storm While other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm We Turn It ON [Doug E. Fresh] Yo, as we turn the heat, yo, yo, yo [Slick Rick] I bogard through, and then be screaming no hard screw Hey go-cart crew, your checking out "The Show Part 2" A fellow I know, "Is this supposed to sell?" I hope, so well, I spoke, and this is what I tell white folk I don't discriminate, don't lack the stimulant crack has Battle story man, and I'll eliminate your wack ass Backwards tactics, Show for act it Me and Doug Fresh took over this rap shit Flushes, so as usual tossers Better give us our props as you're new school wusses Good times, patch rhyming brought back And all you other rappers that's trying to talk crap I'm not the devil, but your worst nightmare Sick of rebels, and none of you motherfuckers can reach the cat's level Four motherfuckers got to storm Other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm We Turn It ON, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Doug E. Fresh Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: La Di Da Di (Live) Typed by: Truxtun80@aol.com Hit it! Aww yea! Yea... La di da di... la di da di, La di, la di! You know what, you peep this, La di da di, we like to party. We don't cause trouble, we dont bother nobody. We're... just some men that's on the mic,  And when we rock upon the mic,  We rock the mic (Right!). For all a y'all, keepin' y'all in health. Just to see ya smile and enjoy ya'self. Cause it's cool when you cause a cozy conditionin', That we create, so that's our mission, so listen, To what we say because this type of shit happens everyday. I... woke up around ten o'clock in the mornin', Gave myself a (strech up), a mornin' yawn and... Went to the bathroom to wash up, Had some soap on my face and my hand upon the cup, I said a (Mirror mirror!) on the wall... Who is the top choice of them all? There was a rumble dumble,  Five minutes it lasted.... the mirror said, (You are you concieted bastard!). Yo that's true, that's why we never have no beef, So then I washed off the soap and brushed the gold teeth. Used "Oil of Olay" cause my skin gets pale. Then I got the files, for my fingernails. True to the style on my behalf I put the bubbles in the tub so I could have a bubble bath. Clean, dry, was my body and hair, I threw on my brand new Gucci underwear. For all the girls I might take home,  I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and the (Polo Colonge). Fresh dressed like a millions bucks, threw on the Valley shoes  And the fly green socks. Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no! I went back in I forgot the... Then I dilly (dally) ran through a (alley), Bumped into my old girl (Sally) from the (Valley). This was a girl playing hard to get So I said "What's wrong?" cause she looked upset She said uh, (It's all because of you) Say what? (I'm feeling sad and blue) She said what? (You went away) And now, my life is filled with rainy days. And I love you so, how much you'll never know. Cause you took your love away from me. Now what was I to do She was crying over me and she was feeling blue I said, "Don't cry, (dry, your eye) Here comes your mother with those two little guys" Her mean mother steps and says to me ("Hi!") Hit Sally in the face and decked her in the (eye!) Punched her in the belly, and stepped on her (feet) Slammed the child on the hard concrete The bitch was strong, the kids was gone. Something was wrong I said what was going on? I tried to break it up I said, stop it, leave her She said, "If I can't have you (she can't either") She grabbed me closely by my socks So I broke the hell out like I had the chicken pox But uh, she gave chase, she caught up quick She put a finger in the face of MC Rick, and said So we can go cruising in my OJ, and what? I'll give you all my love today. What? Ricky Ricky Ricky what?  Somehow your words just hypnotize me And I just love your jazzy ways Yo MC Rick my love is here to stay" And on and on and on she kept on The bitch been around before my mother's born I said, "Cheer up!" I gave her a kiss I said, "You can't have me I'm too young for you miss" She said, "No you're not," then she starts crying I says, "I'm thirty-four", she says, ("Stop lying!") I said, "I am -- go ask my mother And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover!" To the tick tock and you don't stopf To the tick tick ya don't... hit it! Doug E. Fresh y'all, give him a round of applause y'all, Doug E. Fresh!  Yea, what up? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Doug E. Fresh Album: The Art Of Storytelling Song: The Show (Live) * Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com * bonus track [Intro] Yo, aiyo Rick! This one, this one, this one is for you (OK, baby) *beat starts* *crowd goes crazy* Everybody, throw one hand up in the air like Throw it up yo, *Oh My God is scratched up* yea, yea, yea, yea Yea, yea, yea, yea Yea, yea, yea [Slick Rick] (Doug E. Fresh) {both} Excuse me Doug E. Fresh (Yes?) Have you ever seen-- {wit fellows on the mic} {Wit} one minute rhymes and don't come out right They bite, that's not polite (yo) am I lying? (No, you're quite right) Well tonight, on this very mic you're about to hear {We swear, the best damn rappers of the year So, cheerio, scream bravo} Also, if you didn't know this is called The Show! (Are ya ready to get this on? Are ya ready over here? Ya ready right here? Let's go...) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Somebody say go Doug E. Fresh go Doug E. Fresh go Ya don't say yo... Aiyo Doug (What?) Put your ballys on (Yo I was about to, but I need the shoehorn) Why? (Because the shoes always hurt my corn) Six minutes (How many minutes?) Six minutes (How many minutes?) Six minutes, Doug E. Fresh you're on Ah ah on, ah ah on, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah on Ah ah on, ah ah on, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah on [more 'Oh My God' scratching'] (Aiyo Rick let's see if they on, here we go) Here we go (come on) come on Here we go (come on) come on (Yo, to ? the stream liquor On time, yo I forgot the date Man, you did it again) Oh no (Yo, come on, come on) Raekwon, yo! {We on no no no, no we didn't) (No n-n-n-no) what what what what (No we didn't) Well don't get us wrong Excuse me Doug E., excuse me Doug E. Excuse me Doug E. Fresh you're on {Ah ah on} Give a round applause for Raekwon, yo (Now you know what) Wu-Tang Clan in the house (Is the east coast in here, is the west coast in here) Somebody say owwwwwwww (Where's the party at? Tell me somethin, where's the party at? Where's the party at? Where's the party at? Where's the party at? Where's the party at? Where's the party at? Where's the party at? Say oh la oh la, say oh la oh la Say hidey hidey hidey ho, say hidey hidey hidey ho Aiyo say oh la oh la, say hooo Say ho-o-o All the ladies in the house tonight, let me hear you say aaow Say a-a-aow, say a-a-aow) Yo, we runnin wit honors, oh shit, come out here kid (Aiyo, aiyo) Yeah (what started up on 8th Avenue And I made up the name called the Get Fresh Crew It was me, my true DJ, true that'll be My right hand man Ricky D Rappers sing, make sounds and things For example, here's a telephone ring Ring, ring) Hello, is Doug E. Fresh in right now (No, he's not in right now, but anyway, no more delay Check out the new style I display Now you got to be fresh, to rock wit fresh I'm D-O-U-G-I-E Fresh, and I'm know for the--- Not for the-- The human beat box on the entertainer No other title can fit me plainer Passing generation, I am a remainder Also known as a beat box trainer Cashing checks, sound effects I'm finish rocking, Slick Rick is on next) You know it (Slick Rick) Well, here's a little something that needs to be heard Doug, I was going downtown (Word Rick?) word Chillin all alone, no one to be wit Stepped on the D-Train, 205th I saw a pretty girl (so) so I sat beside her Then she went roar, she was Tony the Tiger I said, oh darn, there has been a mistake Honey, my name's Slick Rick, not Frosty Flakes (Oh, golly wolly) She was raised in hell She said, um, my name is Maggie, but call me Michelle Michelle by belle, something w-- Sippin on some, Slick Rick and I'm rock house Ya know I'm sayin? When I'm on the mic, there won't be no delayin Bust a move, we show and prove Aiyo, Doug (what?) Do that record jam on a groove [Doug E. Fresh beatboxin and more 'Oh My God'] Yeah Doug, yeah Doug, yeah Doug, haha {As you can see} (Most definitely, we are, fresh) {Chill Will} (Right here, Ricky D and I am the original Human beatbox, the entertainer, Doug E. E. E. E. Fresh) *crowd cheering* Yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Macy Gray f/ Slick Rick Album: Rush Hour 2 Soundtrack Song: The World is Yours Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com {*in qoutes is children singing}  "Hey young world" [SR] Check 1-2, check 1-2  "Hey young world" [SR] Check 1-2, check 1-2  "Hey young world, young world"  "Young world, young world" [Macy Gray] This track here may cause concern For all the leaders- Why don't you listen and learn To love this happiness, once we're strong But to (society) even that's (turned wrong) Whhhhyyyyyyyyyy!! Are we dumb-dummie and disrespect mommie and Whhhhyyyyyyyyyy!! She put you on earth and loved you since birth and you  "Hey young world" [MG] The world is yours  "Hey young world" [MG] The world is yours  "Young world, young world" [MG] The world is yours  "Young world, young world" [SR] Young world, young wo-ah-ah-rld [Macy Gray] The world is a brainwashed kid (kid...) run wild Young little girls, already have a child Bad company and now you've been framed (been framed) Parents are hurtin, so hurted and ashamed Whhhhyyyyyyyyy!! Hey little kids don't follow these adults Whhhhyyyyyyyyy!! Don't be a fool, like those who ditch school, it's yours [Mary Gray] Hear that, hear that, accomplish things You'll see your under, and the trouble life brings To my teens, and all my youth Get on the limited and hold rocks too Listen, be strong and scream Whoopie-woo!! {*pause*} Go for yours cuz dreams come true You'll make your moomy so proud of you to and This is the message at the ruler Rick's school [Slick Rick] Elders seen our wise ones grown Interest in what the kid learned 'bout Seen how the old spring turned out "Whaa-aa-aa-aaahh" Mmmm-mm-mm Knowin you can know safeguard self Put upon an exciting path You'll see a mans pride they'll have [Slick Rick] Don't discipline, lose soundly Kids that we have lose boundaries Grow into whats called curserates Like in-de-pen-dence, words case Inprisonment death, therefore NOT what we brought kids here for Morales and values of sort Should be the first thing in store [Macy Gray] Believe it or not, God still shines on you He guides you and, he watched you as you grew Stay out of trouble, when it comes in sight Cuz a man never loses a fight in God's sig-i-ight!!! [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Ricky D (Slick Rick) and Doug E. Fresh Album: The Show (12") Song: La-Di-Da-Di Okay party people in the house... This is something you never witnessed before... Yes, it's the incredible Doug E. Fresh... With his partner, the grand wizard MC, Ricky D D, and that's me in the place to be. We goin' to do it for '85, kick it live, allright? Cuz you know, you're all sick of all these crap rappers biting their rhymes because of they're back steppers. But when it comes to me and my man Doug Fresh here, there is no competition 'cause we are the best, yeah. But as impress, which we approve and yeah, we realize that we are on the move, so listen closely so y'all don't miss as we go a little something like this, HIT IT! La-di-da-di... La-di-da-di... La-di, da-di! Yo peep this La-di-da-di, we like to party We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody We're, just some men that's on the mic And when we rock upon the mic we rock the mic RIGHT For all of y'all, keep y'all in health Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself Cause it's cool when you cause a cozy conditioning Which we create, cause that's our mission So listen close, to what we say Because this type of shit happens everyday I woke up around ten o'clock in the morning I gave myself a stretch up, a morning yawn and Went to the bathroom to wash up   Put some soap on my face and my hand upon a cup, said Mirror mirror on the wall Who is the top choice of them all there was a rumble tumble, five minutes it lasted the mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard!" Well that true, that why we never had no beef  THen I washed off the soap and brushed the gold teeth Used oil of olay cause my skin gets pail  and then I grabbed the file for my finger nails I'm true to the style on my behalf I put the bubbles in the tub so I could take a bubble bath Clean, dry, was my, body and hair I threw on my brand new Gucci underwear For all the girls I might take home I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and the Polo Cologne Fresh dress, like a million bucks, put on the Bally shoes and the fly green socks. Stepped out the house stopped short, oh no Went back in I forgot my Kangol Then I dilly, DALLY, I ran through the ALLEY I bumped into this homegirl named SALLY from the VALLEY This was a girl playing hard to get So I said "What's wrong?" cause she looked upset She said uh, "It's all because of you  I'm feeling sad and blue  You went away  and now my life is filled with rainy days  I love you so   How much you'll never know  Cause you took your love away from me" Now what was I to do She was crying over me and she was feeling blue I said, "Don't cry, dry, your eyes Here comes your mother with those two little guys" Her mean mother steps and says to me "Hi!" Hit Sally in the face and punched her in the eye Kicked her in the belly, and stepped on her feet Slammed the child on the hard concrete The bitch was strong, the kids was gone Something was wrong I said what was going on? I tried to break it up I said, stop it, leave her She said, "If I can't have you she can't either" She grabbed me closely by my socks So I broke the hell out like I had the chicken pox But uh, she gave chase, she caught up quick She put a finger in the face of MC Rick, and said "Why don't you give me some play?  And we can go cruising in my (OJ)  And if you give me that OK  I'll give you all my love today  Ricky Ricky Ricky, can't you see  Somehow your words just hypnotize me  And I just love your jazzy ways  So MC Rick my love is here to stay" And on and on and on she kept on The bitch been around before my mother's born I said, "Cheer up!" I gave her a kiss I said, "You can't have me I'm too young for you miss" She said, "No you're not," then she starts crying I says, "I'm nineteen", she says, "Stop lying!" I said, "I am -- go ask my mother And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover!" To the heart tick tock you don't stop To the heart tick tock you don't quit, hit it! ...don't ever forget, Doug E. Fresh, and MC Ricky D... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Ricky D (Slick Rick) and Doug E. Fresh Album: The Show 12" Song: The Show * - Slick Rick + - Doug E. Fresh @- Both Oh my God... *Excuse me Doug E. Fresh +Yes *Have you ever seen a show when fellow on the mic Wit one million rhymes and don't come out right They bit, they're never right, that's not polite Am I lying +No, you're quite right *But tonight on a ?(stary)? mic you're about to hear @We swear the best star rappers of the year *So + so *cherrio +yo scream @ brotho @Also if you didn't know this is called the show *Hey yo Doug + What *Put your ballies on +Yo Rick I was about to but I need the shoehorn *Why + Because the shoes always hurt my ?(gong)? *6 minutes, 6 minutes, 6 minutes Doug E. Fresh you're on Ah ah on, ah ah on, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah on(2x) Oh my God... +Here we go (Here we go) +C'mon (C'mon) (2x) +Yo where's ?()? *Well I don't know they're late Tell 'em the time, oh I forgot the date +Man you did it again, oh no (Yo, here we go, c'mon, here we go, c'mon, here we go   think we missed the show) No, no n-n-n-no we didn't (wang) No, n-n-n-n-no we didn't (w-w-w-wang) No we didn't, well don't get us wrong *Excuse me Doug E., excuse me Doug E. Excuse me Doug E. Fresh you're on Ah ah on, on, on, on, on Oh my God... +Well it started up on 8th Avenue And I made up the name the Get Fresh Crew It was me, my true DJ Jerona, that would be  My right hand man Ricky D. I used to rap and sing, make sounds and things For example, here's a telephone ting (ring, ring) *Hello, is Doug E. Fresh here (No, he's not in right now) +But anyway, no more delay Just check out the new style I display Now you got to be fresh to rock wit fresh And I'm D-O-U-G-I-E Fresh And I'm know for the (sound effects) Not for the (sound effects) The human beat box on the entertainer No other lable that fit me plainer In a passing generation, I am a remainder And I'm also known as a beat box trainer Cashing checks, make sound effects And after I'm finish rocking, Slick Rick is on next (You know it) Slick Rick *Wel, here's a little something that needs to be heard Doug, i was walking downtown (Word Rick) word (Sure) All along, no one to be wit Step on the D-train, 205th I saw a pretty girl (so) So I sat beside her Then she went roar, she was Tony the Tiger I said, oh darn, there has been a mistake Honey, my name's Slick Rick, not frosty flake (oh, golly wolly) She was raising hell She said, um, my name is maggie but you can call me Michelle (Rick sings) Bust a move, we show and prove Hey, yo, Doug, do that funky jam on a groove Oh my God... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common, Slick Rick Album: Whiteboyz Soundtrack Song: Don't Come My Way Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com [Common] Yeah yeah You know, Slick, why do he wanna come crib Acting like he know how the brothers live? We have to let 'em know We have to let 'em know Heeeeere we go Behold a pair of white horses on the Death Wish course Been watching MTV, reading articles in The Source Lost on the other side of the river Where death approaches the livest nigga  I wonder why this wigga  Would even come around my tilt With grandmothers cry, uncles get high, and cats get pealed My guys will deal with him, he got no rhythm So let the steel hit him, we speaking jail diction Hoe work and day oppression Turn up the bass and let the system thump So my neighbors won't hear the sparks as the lead gets pumped Its a pre-(?) agreement in the cement jungle Kill each other over money and white boys for fun [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Slick Rick] Little family so a junky living act as Started smoking crack to fill the void within my black ass 1999, rolling as some broke cat These white kids asking questions  about where to buy some coke at Kinda shock a dude, Ruler turn a sucker to Show 'em where these cats at, maybe earn a rock or two Retarded, not knowing the kid hardest trife Kill 'em, asswipes, I'll have a new start in my life Till the drug lord knock upon their (?) Disprespected, "Washed up rapper, what the fuck you want?" The often asked, I could see others laugh I got my man he wanna a buy a half a ki off your ass Scolding 'em, sleeping and sold on 'em Gimme the cash,  let me flash it through this peephole on 'em (Check it out) He got hyped quick, pursued in the tight crib Emptied on their asses, including the white kids [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Common] Yo, How'd dude go cop a brick when he ain't got the loot Ricky D, get the heat and 'Treat 'Em Like a Prostitute" This wigga gots no heart from his Iowa start [Slick Rick] And a Section 8 cat, he don't want any part I put two in there, ruin their, pursuing their souvenir Nigga, what the fuck is that white behind DOING here? Won't you say you wanted to slug 'em "If your not here for the cable or the (?) ya BUGGIN" [Common] Lights flooded the scene, there was blood and si-reens (sirens) The cops shot the brother, I still hear him scream Black mans reality, white mans bad dream Familiar scene from the Ickeys to the Brady Green Its pissy hallways, broke elevators always (ya know) Ain't no place for our children to play I try to go out in the summer and be feeling the day These broke and stupid niggas, yo they still in the way [Slick Rick] One of the mightiest slang, and plus the night is young I got long term money draining ideas from Since they far, I'll find your brown sweetheart Just being white your like golden goose around these parts Hey retard, better hurry in, my name is Father Marion I'll hold that American Express card your carrying Put your nose up, don't, shut up, provoking and woke up First where do you live, how much money your folks got? [Female Singer] Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no Don't come my way Hawks feel the day Things don't change, oh no Don't you come my way Come my way See the day, oh no [Common] We let the rhythm go Common Sense will 'em hit where I hit 'em Common Sense will spin 'em check it out I guess I did 'em where they should to be done Ain't nothing new about the wonder rap son Closed styles like captions yo its time for some action Man, I get bread, niggas get me sled When I come up off their head, it was said For that, yo, it's like this Common Sense'll strike this, mic this Just like some punchlines How niggas follow me like one time Everybody love me like the sunshine Combine, ain't that you never knew of Niggas say one but I've got two loves Check it out, now how I do love... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick Album: Wild Wild West soundtrack Song: I Sparkle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah, this one goes out to all them Moet clickers, knahmsayin? From the old school, no, not the Crisal group It's the Moet click, yaknahmsayin? Sometimes the lesson I'm still holdin, yaknowhatImean? Here it go.. are you..? Dimes trash about, beg Rick ask them out Moet click -- back in the house kid, ask about In a vehicle not proud of, hi shouter and marvel at the cars that the one I got outta Dismantle all vandal who cannot hold a candle near I outglitter the chandelier Bougie [niggaz] talk and glance at enhance who makes every [nigga] walkin dance Plus the clothes you saw me gorgeous bout would make a homosexual ask where I bought that outfit No question, I answered all gangsters and paralyzed moves like professional dancers and So go West, we a family skunk of rap hits to snap out of you that divide and conquer crap Pass the bubbly - to the good guy starter Rap style keep you in a good high bark, I sparkle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle Glitter enter, even the stars in the million and even the sun be like, "That kid over there brilliant" Knew this isn't new deficit, all figure ripped When I'm in the club, mad noise, at who the nigga is Entertainment, alter, baldhead slaughter and Moet sparks curse, hi my name Rick Walter and about to offer lead to drop another muffin Even dead folks nowadays hoppin out a coffin What's one to do, goin to do, blunted too son to who conduct the whole world if wanted to Who assault viking, when he touch like lightning and everybody know me, walk in sparkling The co-sponsor, although I sworn all out and don't doubt it if you see me in some cornball outfit Pass the champagne to good guy start Rap style keep you in a good high bark, I sparkle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle Brother arouser, a chaffeur of ? propped against stars bright, so stay over my housetop Even little kids give up their milk and cookie to The bartender open off Rick and start lookin to A trailer full of women lovin the rhythm, I'm givin and skin -- for what Rick -- for artiller within em So let me explain it, famous, same You know that the legendary reign this game kid Massage and awaken who start to it Old folk drop teeth breakin so hard to it That's Rick, so any drunk like a glad kid Do that little dance where you spin round a tad bit All battlin done, just one hunch and I'll fight punch you all, all you fans dysfunctional So pass the bubbly - to the good guy starter Rap style keep you in a good high bark, I sparkle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle .. And move the middle And move the middle And move the middle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick and Dana Dane Album: WWF Aggression (Promo) Song: Pimpin' Ain't Easy (Godfather Theme) Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com [Godfather] Come get on the HOOOOOOOE Train! Pimpin ain't easy Pimps up Hoes down [Slick Rick] Well I'm a pimp y'all, out here protecting 1972, 42nd, mad (?), lot of cops gather Cause my pink Rolls-Royce known to stop traffic At the curb, looking close to regal My hoes, pure dimes, now approach the vehicle What you call this? Quite appalled with "Must've been a slow night," 20 grand, that's all bitch? Took the cash and just about to dally When Peaches, beat down, ran from out an alley Delayed, more beef now placed upon a player 300 pound pervert don't wanna pay her Pimp my hoes, strolling, I don't like that Hold my pink fur derby, I'll be right back [Slick Rick and Dana Dane] Dana Dane, Slick Rick, lords of wrecking We the biggest pimps from Hunt's Point to 42nd When it comes to (uhh) we the Captain Kirks of Where you think we getting all the jewels from jerkoff? For suresy, for sheezy, believe me [Godfather] Man, Pimpin ain't Easy [Dana Dane] Check it [Slick Rick] 18 hour day, money getting racked up Even if we got to Krazy Glue a chick, ooh she back up [Dana Dane] You can squeeze it, hoes pick my doo doo when they sniff it Juice is Breakfast at Tiffany's terrific My baby blue Eldorado coupe is just the sickest My stable boast the most exotic bitches (come here hoe) A make a quarter roll of hoes bubble like Cristal 3 grand a night each, three ways I fish out Hoes better have my scratch  Word to Slick Rick's diamond covered eye patch I scoop my cash out the air, white lineyed out Out comes a dime, red dress, bottom shimmeyed out Askin if I'm the great one, like there's any doubt She want to split her gorilla pimp Jimmy house I spit iceberg cold, and plenty pound Run, your funny soft stories they don't get me roused You wanna ride in the train? Put some (?) out Here's a quiz, baby girl, are you in or out? (I'm in!) [Slick Rick and Dana Dane] Dana Dane, Slick Rick, lords of wrecking We the biggest pimps from Hunt's Point to 42nd When it comes to (uhh) we the Captain Kirks of Where you think we getting all the jewels from jerk-off? For sheezy, for sheezy, believe me [Godfather] Man, Pimpin ain't Easy [Slick Rick] Check it, 18 hour day, money getting racked up Even if we got to Krazy Glue a chick, ooh she back up Well rest from sleep my test to (?) each Port Authority trying to scoop fresh, not (?) Now hoping, I'm the only one that's open  This bright hot shorty with ponytail approaching So I move in on her hot drawers I'm like hey baby, my name's Sweet Daddy, what's yours? I spun a 360, impose on Now she in the palace alone with no clothes on And my flagpole blazing in the trimmer Say about 2, 3 days of this dilemma Now got lots to do, say to the prostitute "You love me? Prove to Sweet Daddy how much you do" Now noticing the chick look puzzled Till I dialed her up like she was a Heidy Fleiss model High heels, make up, then I inspect the chick And fling her outside to suck a Wallstreet executive [Slick Rick and Dana Dane] Dana Dane, Slick Rick, lords of wrecking We the biggest pimps from Hunt's Point to 42nd When it comes to (uhh) we the Captain Kirks of Where you think we getting all the jewels from jerk-off? For sheezy, for sheezy, believe me [Godfather, Slick Rick, and Dana Dane] Man, Pimpin ain't Easy [Slick Rick] Check it, 18 hour day, money getting racked up Even if we got to Krazy Glue a chick, ooh she back up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Rock f/ Slick Rick Album: WWF the Music Vol. 5 Song: Pie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*gospel singers harmonize in the background*} [The Rock] Mmm... mm mm mm You know the Rock's gonna tell you a little story You ain't gonna believe it, but he's gonna tell you anyway It's tough to be the Rock, ah nah nah shut your mouth No no, it really is (oh yes) Even though the Rock is, the Rock is THE MOST, electrifying man in all of showbiz (oh yes) You see when the Rock gets too much (too much) Too much of the fame and, and all the bright lights (too much) He likes to kick back and, have a slice of that unadulterated, delight [Slick Rick] Welcome to Rick's bakery, can I help.. Wait a minute, aren't you the famous Rock? [The Rock] Yeah the Rock, the People's Champ in the house What's happenin Slick? [Slick Rick] My God hey how ya doin guy? Look you gotta take a picture with me 'fore you leave guy [The Rock] Oh whoa whoa the Rock don't want to take pictures The Rock just wants a piece of pie You got any of that in this bakery? [Slick Rick] Oh, I got every kind of pie you can think of I got strawberry pie, blueberry pie, apple pie [The Rock] Blueberry - what? [Slick Rick] I got peaches [The Rock] Ah no no no, whoa whoa whoa Actually Slick, it doesn't matter what type of pie you have Let the Rock tell you a little story, about pie [The Rock - rapping] + (Slick Rick) Drivin down South though quickly aroused When my car caught a flat near this old farm house I hope somebody's home, takin a chance at it Knocked on the door and this fine chick answered it (You're the Rock!) Can I use your phone? (I'm shakin) (Sure, if you try some of this pie I'm bakin) Daisy Duke shorts on, five foot stood Said sure - what the heck, I mean it did smell good (So when she called Rock in the kitchen, towards the vapor) There's her grandmother, aunt, and her Chinese neighbor?! [The Rock] Oh the Rock is gonna tell ya again See it's tough to be the Rock (oh yes) Oh yeah, the Rock knows, that might sound crass (oh yes) Oh and by the way, all you jabronis in the locker room You can ALL come kiss the Rock's ass! (oh yes) Cause you know after the Rock lays the smack down (too much) On some big ugly hermaphrodite (too much) The Rock needs a little distraction And a slice, sounds just right [The Rock - rapping] + (Slick Rick) (The Rock said) Thanks ladies (and more kind words) (Grandmother said) Be polite, eat mine first So I sat down, tried hers, she looked quite glad Had a strange taste of mold, but it wasn't so bad (That's right!) The Rock havin pie in the country Devoured hers, her aunt's, and still I was hungry (That's all Rock said?) Bored and readin the papers 'Til FINALLY, a plate of the next door neighbor's Gulped it down fast, cause it really did please (I mean it tasted so good, Rock was talking Chinese) Ching-bong-bing-yao-moya-AIYYYYY! Dat good pie (Oh that's the pie you was talkin about) [The Rock] Oh yeah, the Rock knows the millions can smell it now It's tough to be the Rock (oh yes) No no no NO, it really is (oh yes) Because you all know the Rock is THE MOST electrifying, man in all of showbiz (oh yes) You see when the Rock gets too much (too much) Too much of the fame and all the bright lights (too much) He loves to kick back and have a slice No no no no no, the Rock is gonna eat the WHOLE DAMN PIE! (Sweet! Sweet! Lah dahhhhhhh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Slick Rick Album: One in a Million Song: Got to Give it Up Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Slick Rick] Yeah bartender can I get a Hennesy on the rocks, And a Long Island Ice Tea? Thank you Didn't I tell you this club was dope? Yeah you wasn't lying kid it definitely is Look at this they all over the place Yeah one second hun, slow down, slow Yo James get her off me Yo back off shorty Alright would you slow the hell down? Back off shorty [Slick Rick] Like everyone was chasing my fine ass But when Aaliyah walked in the whole place went bananas I'm playing for most of my perks And they offering the hun free Cristal the works Not to mention smelled good, looked dope I brought me a bottle so I wouldn't look broke Stepped like a Big Willie Woodgewell playa Sign this thousand dollar bill for me Aaliyah [Aaliyah] I used to go out to parties and stand around Cause I was too nervous to really get down But my body yearned to be free I went off on the floor so somebody would choose me No more standing upside the wall Now I got myself together baby and I'm having a ball Long as your grooving there's always a chance Somebody watching might wanna make romance Move your body, ooh baby, and dance all night To the grooving, feel all right Move your body, oh and move your feet Cause the DJ's groovin', oh and it sounds so sweet, come on Baby just party on and on Cause this party is jumpin' till the break of dawn, oh [Slick Rick] Well I peeled off one more thousand and hand her One more please from my girlfriend Amanda Rick, honey with that butt like ka-pow wanna but you a drink Tell shorty not now [Aaliyah] You can have me when you want me baby This is such a live party baby Going crazy in this place tonight And the feeling is oh so right, yeah All the fellas in here are so fine, oh When you're moving your body Boy you're blowing my mind I think I'm gonna let you do it baby [Slick Rick] One more comment since my time is out Love that song where you say that line about 'You're a positive motivating force within my life' No kidding, hit 'em Named ruler and the ruler wouldn't lie to ya Whack singing huns all squirm at the sight of ya Us, we some more Ladi Dadi'ens. Let me let you go so you can attend to your audience [Aaliyah] Sexy baby, sexy baby, sexy baby, sexy baby Sexy baby, sexy baby, sexy baby, sexy baby, baby Oh, oh baby, oh yeah, ooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Al B. Sure! f/ Slick Rick Album: If I'm Not Your Lover 12"/The Very Best of Al B. Sure! Song: If I'm Not Your Lover (Remix) Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com [Slick Rick] Word... girl I come to your rescue in any kind of weather So let's take the union, me and you together Because my heart and soul is not all I got to give I need someone to share my fortune with My life is empty I need more than money So tell me how to win your heart, I love you honey The truth, girl, says your chance, honey, take it And I might just let you see that I be naked [Chorus: Al B. Sure!] If I'm not your lover, if I'm not your friend Tell me, baby, just tell me what I am (Tell me!) If I'm not your lover, if I'm not your friend (Tell me!) Tell me, baby [Al B. Sure!] I'm just a man, who comes around at night And to leave you, girl, baby, that ain't right (tell me!) You call me over, and give me sexy talk After things are over, you tell me take a walk, girl If you think, I'm playing you too close I just want to be the one, who's loving you the most, girl Material things, don't come into my world All I want is a one man girl [Al B. Sure!] Since this conversation, I'm so confused Tell me, baby, am I being used Dedication is what I want, you're being complicated You know it's just a front, girl If you think, I'm playing you too close I just want to be the one, who's loving you the most, girl Material things, don't come into my world All I want is a one man girl [Slick Rick] Let's walk down the aisle, tell me are you ready dear? Please be my snuggles, I can be your teddy bear It's your character I like, you got a brain in your head Wake up together and it's breakfast in bed Our love is everlasting for you not to mention The feelings are true when they need a little attention For real girl, so here's your chance honey take it And I might just let you see that I be naked [Slick Rick] On the real tip, I think I see the heaven above in you I wish I could say you're struggling love me too Cause you tell me to chill, is it B.S. you feed me? Jealous cause I know that you really don't need me Old school would say, "here we go! here we go!" To help me if I fall, don't never let me go For real ladies, so here's your chance, honey, take it And I might just let you see that I be naked Artist: Asher Roth f/ Slick Rick Album: Asleep in the Bread Aisle Song: Y.O.U. (UK Bonus Track) Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@gmail.com "You are not someone else, someone else is someone else You are you, it is you, you are you" [Slick Rick] Slick Rick and Asher is on this jam Slick Rick and Asher is on this jam "You are you" Slick Rick and Asher is on this jam "It is you, you are you, you are you" [Chorus: Asher Roth & Slick Rick] There's nothing, that you can do about it The one thing that I've figured out is "you are you" Forget it, there's no way around it "It is you, you are you, you are you" [Asher Roth] No matter what I do to try and fit in There's nothing I can do about this body I was given I'm blond and I am skinny, with my mom's ? skin The Scotter side, and my father schnoz to go with it Nice nose, my hair, yeah I can try and dye it And contacts could change the color of my eyes but "you are you" That would only mean that I am lying And openly denying it's not who, who I am I try to be too big for my britches And couldn't, regardless of my Skee-Lo wishes A couple more inches and I would be in business But still I'm waking up 5'10 every Christmas "you are you" My fingerprints is what makes me different It took a little bit, but I can finally admit it This is my appearance, this is my face Looking in the mirror there is nothing I can change Might be a little strange, the way you can see my veins But if we were the same, the world would be plain vain It would be lame, you would never learn a thing So go against the grain, and let these people know your name "you are you" [Chorus 2X] [Slick Rick] Dog kiss culprits, all getting a girl Due to hip hop invisible pulping off the wall Nothing to play with, skipping all the way with It conveying who we all are, how we all fit in this mosaic Portrait, thesis of a brother Homosexual being last pieces of the puzzle All religion who read divine pine verse Could God once pray, folks get their mind right first Then weed out, legitimate seed crop ? with ? feed like intrigue why And politics, harvest the chatter Dissect good from garbage that'll matter "you are you" Now I doubt you, but allowed to What amounts to, that's just what adults do Keeping with the pace of barbarian Keeping goldy jewels in the face of American "you are you" [Chorus 2X] [Asher Roth] Besides, it's all about your mind Your will and your drive, and what's going on inside The size of your heart is what sets you apart If you aren't using it, I suggest that you start "you are you" Think hard, take a walk around the block "you are you" It's cool if you're a nerd, or a jock Or a prep, or a goth, nobody gives a fuck There's nothing you can do, just stop, just stop, man Mad props since I linked up with Knotts Still never wear socks, always in flip flops No chain or a watch, I be slinging no rocks But my slang be the thang that be saving hip hop (he's good) Screw the box, go outside the lines Just be you, stop with the trying And in due time, it is true you will find There is nothing to remember if you never ever lie "you are you" [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Slick Rick Album: Ultimate Victory Song: Hip Hop Police Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Go, go, go, go, go, go - keep runnin homie Go, go, go, go, go, go - they on the trail Go, go, go, go, go, go - keep runnin homie Go, go, go, go, go, go - they on the trail With so much drama in the industry, hip-hop police are listening Be careful or you'll be history, looks like another unsolved mystery It's murder~! (Murder, murder) Ahhh, it's murder! (Murder, murder) Yeahh it's murder~! (Murder, murder) Somebody tell em it's murder  Murder was the case - and they blamed me [Chamillionaire] Officer I didn't do it, you can't blame me for this Could you please loosen up the handcuffs on my wrists? You can call me what you wanna mayne but I ain't a snitch No cooperation is exactly what you will get 'Til I talk til my lawyer, you get no reply  You've obviously been watchin too much CSI  I'm not a crash dummy so don't even try  to talk your dirty trash to me, no BFI  If you are not guilty of anything, then why did you run? Cause you the police! And plus I saw you cockin your gun And the chamber wasn't empty, it was obviously one  If you think I'm believin that one then you're obviously dumb Huh~?!  I know that you heard the sirens, you dived in  to the vehicle you was drivin and ridin in  Instead you shouldn't be whinin, but abidin  by the law, naww, it's obvious that you're lyin [Chamillionaire]  Stop lyin to me boy, it'd be best you confess  I can smell the BS on the scent of your breath  Saw the +Meth+ while I was +Inspectin+ your +Deck+  Saw that you was "Ridin' Dirty" when I looked at the rest  Who is this guy Busta? Who is this guy Snoop?  Who is his other friend who's wearin the sky blue?  Look at this pic here, he standing beside you  Tell me his name now, I heard he was piru  Confiscated the CD's at one of your homes  For evidence ever since we heard some of your songs  What about this Pimp guy, he was on one of your songs  I coulda sworn that he said he had a "Pocket Full of Stones"  Am I wrong? Hell yeah! I don't know who that is~! I don't know no Pimp C, all I know is I'm rich And I'ma Bond like James, bet I be out here quick man  You ain't gettin out of here, you must think that you're slick  In the car we confiscated "The Chronic" and the +Clipse+  "Diary" that you had and all your "Blueprints"  On the Death Row booklet, we found your two prints  Your thumb and your index, the judge will love this [Slick Rick - over Chorus] It's a bloody murder! It's a bloody murder! It's a bloody murder! [Chamillionaire] Now you can see you're screwed as the evidence pours in The witness to the crime was at three in the mornin Gave us a description so we picked up your boy and You'll get a lighter sentence if you put the crime on him [Slick Rick] A big celebrity, a case we long for You a pirate - why you got that eyepatch on for? Funny - puttin people in a hearse what I heard for Where were you the night of April 21st son? Home - I think you got your facts wrong, gat's on You, Chamillionaire, Rob, Chuck, couple cats on Melview What? - We gonna have to jail you too In the lineup, don't speak until we tell you to This the person who jimmed your lock, sir? Well it's dark, kinda look like him, I'm not sure Failiure to nail cause assailant's another (uh-huh) Believe I see an unmarked tailin a brother Hit the bodega, not no more game This chick used to be nice actin all strange Like she was gonna get it, pathetic I sail in court, now they all apologetic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CRU f/ Slick Rick Album: The Dirty 30 Song: Just Another Case Typed by: eesteves@lynx.dac.neu.edu Uhh, Once upon a time, let's see if I remember Back in January 		Nah, chill.....it was December True...cuz that's when L started his bid Partied through the New Year January third he slid 		Up until then, yo, L had it swell 		Called him Sweet Pea like his name was Pernell He did the job, money came with ease Blowing outta town, moving bricks and ki's Him and his chick, in forty-G rides Holding down fort like they Bonnie N Clyde     Luxury cars of all makes and models     New outfits everyday, downin' champagne by the bottle Glass in the air (air) Toast to my team (team) Toast to my cream and the scotties that beam While others fiend, I'm abouts da beamer Think about your girl, just say what (Say what!), I'm a dreamer Called up CRU 		Yo, they probably in the studio Phil Collins in the background (Su-Su-Sudio) Chorus: repeat 3X Now this ain't funny, so don't you dare laugh Just another case about the wrong path (Where's my chick?) Sent her on a mission Hope she ain't slip...on that pickup 		Yo, who dis on my flip 		What! My cash and he fucked her wit dat A 		Me and Mitch rollin' over there quick fast 		Rolled up on the spot, (It's that kid Uzi Ed) 		He took me for my paper so just call him Uzi Dead! Used to run epps wit him back in the day Mitch popped the trunk Passed the German AK You dirty rat! I'm bout to bless that ass 		Better take cover from the rat-tat-tat-tat Uzi Ed, ain't have a vest, three to the chest, Ed got blessed 		L got life, Ed got death 		Honey took the money and she slid to the left Back in the day I told L she was shady Now she in Cali about to have Ed's baby Chorus: repeat 5X Now this ain't funny, so don't you dare laugh Just another case about the wrong path (Slick Rick) Yo, what's the word, kid?! Tell you bout a brother named Sid Got work release after doing a 3-to-life bid cause of drug logic Shouldn't touch it Now out to budget With a movie star chick from outta Edenwald Projects Nice job, took prison camp drives While he promised up and down to live a civilized lifestyle The seat off the brow was soon on garment Both worked Got themselves a two-bedroom apartment Great statement, without delayment, away and went  Saved to get a house on one of them low down payments But an idea concocted his stock Why don't we try and turn this money over on the drug tip So he gave his man a shriek and excitement Didn't know his peeps were under secret indictment Sick of the path that'll get you hung by the neck Sent him back up north to do a super long stretch again Black folk, you know the half, don't laugh, it's... Just another case about the wrong path Chorus: repeat 4X Well, this ain't funny, so don't you dare laugh It's just another case about the wrong path The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Slick Rick Album: AOI: Bionix Song: What We Do (For Love) Typed by: William.Elder@tufts.edu [Slick Rick talking with "kids"] Kid 1 - I'm tired Kid 2 - Me too Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky SR - Hmmm? Kid 1 - Could you tell us a bedtime story, like you used to? SR - Look, don't y'all think y'all too old for that now? Kids - No SR - Listen, I got an adult question for y'all since y'all like...11 now. Y'all ever get horny? Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky! SR - Now I don't mean to sound perverted, but do you ever have like sexual urges? Kids - No! SR - No? Well you will, so sit your behind down and listen to Uncle Ricky...and De La...tell y'all a grown up story Kids - Okay [Dove] I remember when Mama spoke of the birds and The east side kept me off the curb and Betsy Ross was sufferin from the scaredy cat Till my man Ricky brought the remedy for that [Slick Rick] I massage your mane, coat Then part your leg's rope And stroke so hard you'll start to smell smoke [Posdnuos] Ain't gotta drug problem but a love problem But then again that may be one in the same I claim possession Pull the girl among the eighth like Charlie Heston Ride off on the horse and show no remorse [Slick Rick] She look niiice Honey oriental, brown eyes Want friiiies? Chicken, vegetable, fried rice And I'm tryin to [get] you to go Fast subtraction, grab some "Oh don't stop nasty black man" [Dove] Man that action had me coughin up cars, keys, and cash Just to sniff a fat rabbit I would give my very last [Chorus (Slick Rick)] (When nature calls) You know them boys will come runnin (When nature calls) You know them girls don't mind comin (When nature calls) You know them boys will come runnin (When nature calls) You know them girls don't mind comin Just to get it started, for startin something Is what we do to get some lovin What we do to get some lovin This what we do for love (do for love) This what we do for love (for love) This what we do for love [Dove] You ain't lyin, I I 9-5 it, more like 12-12 Can't get the thought off (sex) From off my mental shelf [Slick Rick] I'm like Bruce Lee Beatin up the cootchie profusely My tomboy chicks that act a little to butchy Recieve this (uh) When my semen ceases They'll be screamin out, "We love bein the female species" [Phone dialing] Hello? Veronica, it's Dove. Uh, I think you got the wrong number What? Veronica, your baby's crying. Yo, chill Baby? Whatever yo, later. [Dove] For the past two summers I been sizin up Veronica Southern belle, I heard she blow notes like a harmonica Yamacas couldn't satisfy her spendin fetishes She was all about gettin the head like she was lettuces [Posdnuos] Yah, them types be actin like they ain't sleazy [Slick Rick] Like this uptown chick playin opposite of easy Delighted, the honey fly difficult, couldn't knife it Tiiight Seen the imprint on honey's private Now she's love sick Ruler Rick scoress agaaaaain [Posdnuos] Sex present itself like trophies I'm out to win And it's easier to claim with the fame I've obtained Her mommy was a liar, she's so ashamed [Slick Rick] Well, I got this rude boy Jamaican honey at the rest home Complete with yellow hair and Cinderella dress on Whatever Been around, stuck her till she poppin bout "Hey take your blood clot finger off me bottom" Anyway, another dime I met one time I'm kiiind, chick in the world, butt fine And her, structure pumpin, told her Gotcha mumblin bout "Slow down, what you tryin to rupture somethin?" [Posdnuos] I don't bug out, I chill Never copped a feel But these pretty ass girls come and flaunt in the grill Big ass eyes, with the matchin big ass thighs Asked her if she spare a moment to exchange some lies "But you got a girlfriend" [Slick Rick] Yah trick, so do you And I heard there's no preference in what gender ya do [Posdnuos] So stop playin so squeaky clean And let the dirty side see me later So we can play 'away from the navy' [Dove] So stuck on the love you rearranging behaviors Second episode, and you returnin oral favors Buyin up groceries Searchin for hosiery Holdin hands publicy And now you supposed to be Mr. and Mrs. huh, lovin and kisses huh? But while you away is when the milkman'll visit her Dear to the heart, we dearly depart the fallen So skip the games ma, I stay tuned to the calling [Chorus x 3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doug E. Fresh and MC Ricky D (Slick Rick) Album: The Show 12" Song: La-Di-Da-Di Typed by: EL01@aol.com  [Slick Rick] OK, party people in the house You're about to witness something you've never witnessed before Yes, it's the original human beat box, Doug E. Fresh And his partner, the grand wizard, MC Ricky D, D And that's me in the place to be And we gonna show you how we do it for '85, kickin' live, alright Because, um, I've got a funny feeling, um you're all sick of all these crap rappers Bitin' their rhymes because um they're back-stabbers But when it comes to me and my friend Doug Fresh here There is no competition 'cause we are the best, yeah But let's impress which we prove And ya all will realize that we are the move So listen close so you all don't miss As we go a little somethin' like this Hit it Ah yeah You know what La-Di-Da-Di La-Di-Da-Di La-Di La-Di You know what, yo peep this La-Di-Da-Di, we likes to party We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody, we're Just some men thats on the mic And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic right For all of y'all keepin y'all in health Just to see ya smile and enjoy yourself 'Cause it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditioning That we create, 'cause that's our mission So listen to what we say Because this type of shit, it happens everyday I woke up around ten o' clock in the mornin' I gave myself a stretch up, a mornin' yawnin' Went to the bathroom to wash up Had some soap on my face and my hand up on a cup I said, um, mirror mirror on the wall Who is the top choice of them all There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted The mirror said you are you conceited bastard Well that's true, thats why we never have no beef So then I washed off the soap and brushed the gold teeth Used Oil Of Olay 'cause my skin gets pale And then I got the files for my fingernails Chewed through the night and on my behalf I put the bubbles in the tub so I could have a bubble bath Clean, dry was my body and hair I threw on my brand new Gucci underwear For all the girls I might take home I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and the Polo cologne Fresh dressed like a million bucks Threw on the bally shoes and the fly green socks Stepped out my house stopped short, oh no I went back in, I forgot my kangol And then I dilly (dallied) I ran though a (alley) I bumped into my homegirl (Sally) >From the (valley) This is the girl plays hard to get so I said Whats wrong 'cause she looked upset, she said It's all because of you I'm feelin' sad and blue You went away and now my life is filled with rainy days I love you so, how much you'll never know 'Cause you took your love away from me Now what was I to do, she's cryin' over me And she was feelin' blue I said, um, don't cry, dry your eye Here comes your mother with those two little guys Her mean mother stepped up, said to me hi Looked Sally in the face and decked her in the eye Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet Slammed the child on the hard concrete The bitch was strong, the kids was gone Something was wrong, I said what is goin' on I tried to break it up, I said stop it, leave her She said, if I can't have you, she can't either She grabbed me closely by my socks So I broke the hell out like I had the chicken pox, but She gave chase; she caught up quick She put a finger in the face of MC Rick She said why don't you give me a play So we can go cruisin' in my oj And if you give me that OK I'll give you all my love today Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, can't you see Somehow your words just hypnotize me And I just love your jazzy ways, oh MC Rick my love is here to stay And on and on and on she kept on The bitch been around before my mother's born I said cheer up, I gave her a kiss I said you can't have me, I'm too young for you miss She says no you're not, then she starts cryin' I says I'm nineteen, she said stop lyin' I says I am, go ask my mother And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover To the tick tock ya don't stop To the tick tick ya don't quit, hit it (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doug E Fresh & The Get Fresh Crew Album: Oh, My God! Song: The Show  Note:  D = Doug E Fresh  R = MC Ricky D (aka Slick Rick)  B = Both  G = Get Fresh Crew  Intro  Ladies and Gentleman...the most exciting stage show you've ever  witnessed...appearing live...Doug E Fresh and the Get Fresh Crew.  Verse 1  R: Excuse me Doug E Fresh...  D: Yes!  R: Have you ever seen a show with fellas on the mic  with one minute rhymes that don't come out right  They bite  D: They never write  R: That's not polite. Am I lyin'?  D: No, you're quite right  R: Well tonight on this very mic you're about to hear  B: We swear, the best darn rappers of the year  R: So!  D: So!  R: Cheerio!  D: Yell...  R: Scream...  B: Bravo! Also, if you didn't know this is called The Show  Verse 2  R: A-yo, Doug  D: What?  R: Put ya Bally's on  D: Yo, Rick, I was about to but I need a shoehorn  R: Why?  D: Because these shoes always hurt my corns  R: Six minutes...six minutes...six minutes Doug E Fresh, you're on  Uh uh on, Uh uh on, Uh uh-uh uh-uh uh uh on  Uh uh on, Uh uh on, Uh uh-uh uh-uh uh uh on  Ooh ooh ooh, uh uh on  D: Here we go...  G: Here we go...  D: Come on...  G: Come on...  D: A-here we go...  G: Here we go...  D: Come on...  G: Come on...  D: Yo! Where's Will and Barr?  R: Well I don't know, they're late  Told em them the time...oh, I forgot the date  D: Man you did it again, oh no!  G: No, here we go, come on  Here we go, come on  Here we go, did we miss the show?  D: Nuh, nuh na nana no we didn't  R: Word  D: Nuh nana nana nana, no we didn't  R: W-w-w-Word  D: No we didn't  R: Well don't get us wrong  'Scuse me Doug E, 'Scuse me Doug E,  'Scuse me Doug E Fresh, you're on  Uh uh on...  Verse 3  D: Well it started up on 8th Avenue  When I made up the name called the...  G: Get Fresh Crew!  D: It was me, my two DJ's Chill Will and Barry B  and my right hand man Ricky D  I used to rap and sing, makes sounds and things  And for example, here's a telephone ring...  R: Hello? Is Doug E Fresh in?  D: No, he's not in right now  D: But anyway, no more delay  Just check out the new style I display  Now ya gotta be (fresh)  To rock with (fresh)  And I'm D.O.U.G.I.E (fresh)  And I'm known for the... [fx: Doug E style beatbox]  Not for the... [fx: Fat Boys style beatbox]  The human beatbox or the entertainer  No other title could fit me plainer  In a passing generation I am a remainer  And I'm also known as the beatbox trainer  Cashin' checks, make sound FX  And after I finish rockin' Slick Rick is on next  R: Ya know it  D: Slick Rick...  R: Well, here's a little somethin' that needs to be heard  Doug, I was goin' Downtown  D: Word Rick?  R: Word  D: Sure  R: All alone, no-one to be with  Stepped on the D-train at 205th  I saw a pretty girl  D: So?  R: So I sat beside her  Then she went [fx: roar] like she was Tony the Tiger  I said, oh no, there's been a mistake  Honey, my name's Slick Rick not Frostie Flakes  D: Oh, golly wally  R: She was raisin' hell  She said, oh my name is Maggie but call me Michelle  Michelle, ma belle  Sont les mots qui vont, tres bien ensemble  Tres bien ensemble  Bust a move, we show and prove  A-yo Doug, do that record Jam on the Groove  Outro  D: As you can see, most definitely  We are (fresh)  Chill Will (fresh)  Barry B is (fresh)  Ricky D is (fresh)  And I am, the Original Human Beatbox  The Entertainer, Doug E.... (Fresh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Slick Rick Album: Life In 1472 Song: Fresh Typed by: Sephirth1@aol.com [Slick Rick] Yeah, you know what I'm sayin' Y'all niggas been poppin' an awful lot of shit for a while now Talking all that shit Like y'all motherfuckers got so much motherfuckin' personality and shit (yeah) All of y'all poppin' all that fly shit, tryin' to dis niggas and all that bullshit, know what I'm sayin? (yeah) But you know deep down i your motherfuckin' hearts, y'all niggas is BOOOMBS compared to this nigga named Slick Rick You know that shit, you been knew that shit (yeah) Y'all motherfuckers been knew that motherfucker might come back and kick ya'll motherfuckin' ass (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) [JD] YO! TURN IT UP! 2X Y'ALL GOTTA TURN IT UP DO LIKE I DO HA HA [Slick Rick] Ladies and gents, let the teacher start I am the greatest rapper, walk, talk, eat, shit, fart You motherfuckers can't see me Even with a patch on my eye, I'm dreamy All in the grill of the gruesome  1, 2, 3, 7 diamonds on the twosome Schedule, I aim to be in Atlanta with the legendary Jermaine Dupri [JD] Uh huh, I'm more delicious than shit outta cook books See I'll even make Salvation Army clothes look good (you know) That divine, so fine, don't even wear the same underwear 2 times [SR] JD, not the one to fuck around with Heard ya got the whole entire state locked down, kid [JD] That's right so don't ask us who the best From the north to the south to the east to the west We're... Fresh, dressed like a million bucks Still worn the Bally shoes and the fly green socks We're fresh, dressed like a million bucks Still worn the Bally sodadadadada socks [JD] Come on, kids, Jermaine Dupri a wiz Walkin' down the street, you kow mindin' my own biz My man girlfriend started actin' like she hoein' "Hey JD, where your fine ass going?" To the studio, I told her frontin' Unless you wanna take it in the cooler or sumpin' [SR] For real and that shit ain't a fact? [JD] She said that she would meet me at my house around 10 Not to mention, a nice tender body 10 o'clock, here came the red beau hotty My man girl told totally deceptive Still I try to fuck the full out the bitch rectum  See, the woman so shady Talkin' bout actin' like she upped and offed JD Now she wanna kiss and caress cause i left a couple of bite marks on the hun's breasts I'm... [Chorus 2x] [SR] When the doubt falls, my door they knock up on Designers even ask me what they need to stock up on Why the fuck did ya like to done pest us When the tag team ya hearin' is untouchable, peasant? Slick, Jermaine Dupri back as the fat trackers We'll diarrhea up on your black ass Babies jump out the carriage Could even fix the Hillary and Clinton marriage Charisma now felt To the point where even I could make even lesbians melt Models bookin' at me Could even make her grandmother catch an orgasm lookin' at me (you know) It's kinda outlandish, rastas even say "What kind fine young man dis" So don't put me to the test From the north, from the south to the east to the west We're... [Chrous til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Onasis f/ Slick Rick Album: Def Squad Presents Erick Onasis Song: Why Not Typed by: BMW_MCDC@yahoo.com [E] Uh, and you dont stop yeah yeah Uh Huh yeah yeah ha ha [Slick Rick] You know what I'm sayin so I said (rick D) Uh huh, yeah Big Brown uh huh, yeah You ready? [Erick Sermon] Yo, in the Y2K, my chips be micro, unlimited Me and Rick D reap the benefit Cars, girls, jewels, innocent  Next year it'll be old, we get rid of it Yeah like that, yeah we knock 'em out the box yo Money's deep like the gold at fort Knox yo Rhyme killer, kill an iller rhyme with no effort At you trick a hole your crew (blao!) You're mad now huh? You can't stand me Now watch when I'm recieving a grammy A Soul Train when I'm getting a Sammy Davis Junior award, fans applaud For me, Erick Onasis, top dog The money folder, I'm like Don King's promoter Ya'll can't see me I'm ariborne type tuskeegee Wicked like the board of Ouija  When I step in the door things change Everything stops like ya freeze frame It's mad hot now, Gettin ready to boil (Rick the Ruler!) Me, the MC Grand Royal Chorus: [Erick Sermon] ER, Ravishing I, impress C, courageous or careless K, for the Kani's that I got That I rock everyday, and why, why not? [Slick Rick] R is ravishing I, impress C, courageous or careless K, for the Kangol's which I've got What I wear everyday, and why, why not? [Slick Rick] Emotion and hope in the scope  When the paw print on the button on my brand new garage door opener "Ungh", as the double R rips through the gutter Even 7 Day Advents scream "that shit's butter!" You best remember who's the skipper Remember who made girl's joint drop so hard it popped the zipper  Illusion on no boozin confusion Even ghosts like "Ruler I'm scared of you son" As I lean and dip, dream might seem a bit odd Lights just turned red turn green for Rick (ya know) On the deacon, with my stuff in there blastin Till the signs on the highway start to wop when I pass them (ohhh) Mad bougeoui folk bent, perhaps offend Chrome almost made another Rolls have an accident The Ruler wildin, La Di Da Di Don is stylin On his way to see green eyed buddy on the Island (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Slick Rick Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Slick Rick Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *phone rings twice* [Rick]	Hello? [Lisa]	Hi Rick, it's me Mona Lisa [Rick]	Hey what's goin on, how you? [Lisa]	You remember me right, right before ? all that? 	How's your moms, how's everything? [Rick]	Yeah chillin chillin, she's fine, she's fine [Lisa]	Oh, that's good, that's good 	So whassup witchu? [Rick]	Yeah, I'm tryin to maintain, y'know [Lisa]	When you gonna come out with another album? [Rick]	I'ma star now, I'ma start new shit [Lisa]	It's sad, you played yourself though [Rick]	Yeah I'ma be on Flex album [Lisa]	Tsshk, Funkmaster Flex? [Rick]	Volume uhh volume three I think? [Lisa]	Funkmaster Flex that be on the radio? [Rick]	YEAH Funkmaster YEAH 	The Funkmaster Flex that be on Hot 97 [Lisa]	You serious? [Rick]	I'm tellin you, aight watch this [Lisa]	So how it sound, it sound good? [Rick]	It's aight y'know, you gotta judge for yourself and shit [Lisa]	Mmmm, let me hear a little then *"Mona Lisa* beat kicks in* So, dick a lot of mine, or stick to and yet to see a motherfucker shine like Rick do Just to stand beside the Don as is will make you appear bigger than your bum ass is "Well I'm feelin it, cash flow's climbin" Where? In what project asshole, find him "There there" You fake Frederic hush Not the only, beneath me, degenerate CRUSH Fact is, a lot of brothers wanna cap this head, or should I say, nerve center of the rap biz (Work it out Rick!) When Rick's around ? You round piece of dog shit, gotten the point now? Burnt out, inflicted, turn out a chick quick And big nosed rappers, suck sperm out of Rick's dick Son, the nigga is a bum And this old man, he plays one.. [Rick]	So, what did you think of that now? [Lisa]	Oh shit, okay, okay [Rick]	Huh, am I it, am I still makin hits? [Lisa]	I underestimated you, you the man [Rick]	Thank you sweetheart that's nice, I appreciate that [Lisa]	You the man nigga -- say you still with that same girl? [Rick]	Yeah I'm still with here y'know [Lisa]	Gonna hook up with me again? [Rick]	C'mon you know I can't fuck with that.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface & Trife f/ Raekwon, RZA (Bobby Digital), Slick Rick Album: Put it on the Line Song: The Sun Typed by: DocRZA@aol.com [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, Good mornin' Good mooooornin', time to get up [Ghostface Killah (Raekwon)] Look at the Sun, so pretty today it's so bright and so smashin' Blastin', helps out the grass and Smile when its mornin' time, last night I wrote 3 rhymes I woke up to the see the Sun shine and God is my witness in scriptures and pictures The Sunkist scrumptous, son its nutritious It makes me wanna climb, take a bite out of shine "This little light of mine, of mine, of mine" Yo, the Sun could never be pussy, he always come out He'll stand right there, even if you pull ya gun out He can never run out, when the lights go out It's Japan's turn now, the Earth had spun around I see yellow and green, its a beautiful thing, The sky is blue cuz the Sun hit the water like bling A reflection (uh-huh), and thats all it is (word) You can't stare at him long cuz your face will do like this [Chorus: Ghostface Killah (Slick Rick)] Look who shinnin' again (oh my my my) We been rhymin' again (oh my my my) Eye's be blindin' the men (oh my my my) We come through time and time again (oh my my my) [Raekwon (Slick Rick)] Check out my nephew He jumped up in the window just to see you Look what he drew, a car-house, always wants to be with you He's just as jolly, he's always beggin' me to let him see you I'm like, "probably if you clean up and read a little" You make people eyes glow, you got the Weather Channel buggin', and you stuborn when it snow You my mentor, mothers name they kids after you New slang, nothin' personal, we knowin' what you been through (Sun) You roll like one in a million yo (Sun Sun) You always find like one in the buildin' yo We'd owe us babies from day one All I had was you on my birthday, baby think you owe me one The way the world look when you around Prisioners get out, look up grin at you, and then kiss the ground You my favorite, I wish we had 3 more of you I adore you, plus I even wrote a story for you [Slick Rick] How a diverse Sun, can be enrichenin' and cruel Reachin' the full 98, and got the kids in the pool Isn't it cool how it spreads joy, hun's lay in it and it's hard to go back to work, when your lunch break's finished Ah strike and I fought, so it's a fact I support Feelin' the warm sunrays, upon your back as you walk The heat driven, a theory I clung to deep with it Is souls have to go through the Sun to reach heaven and Sense and retreat, our souls battered to seek Madam believe since dinosaurs, and Adam and Eve That Sun's hovered to the extermination of us It's a peephole which leads to the firmament above us [RZA] Who can take a rain drop and turn it to glee? And drawn up 6 miles, over tropical isles and bring it to the sea? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Biz Markie, Slick Rick, Q-Tip Album: The Blueprint Song: Girls, Girls, Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Course I love you.. I love all y'all Hehehe, hehehe, f'real [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour, yeah [Jay-Z] I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam So she call me cabron plus marricon Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home I'm like, "Un momento" - mami, slow up your tempo I got this black chick, she don't know how to act Always talkin out her neck, makin her fingers snap She like, "Listen Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap You better - R-E-S-P-E-C-T me" I got this French chick that love to french kiss She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist _Ma cherie amore, tu es belle_ Merci, you fine as fuck but you givin me hell I got this indian squaw the day that I met her Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather She said all you need to know is I'm not a ho And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, indian and black That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn I'm gettin fat Arroz con pollo, french fries and crepe An appetitite for destruction but I scrape the plate I love [Tip] Girls, girls, girls, girls (uh-huh)   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll - c'mon [Jay-Z] I got this young chick, she so immature She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?" Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor Gotta toss a couple dollars, just to shut up her holla Got a project chick, that plays her part And if it goes down y'all that's my heart Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start Hid my drugs from the NARCs, hid my guns by the parts I got this model chick that don't cook or clean But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene God damn she's fine but she parties all the time I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick She gives me extra pillows and seat back love So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae-bo That means I'm new school, pop pills and stay in beef But I never have a problem with my first class seat I love [Rick] Girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [Jay-Z] I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out Got a chick from Peru, that sniff Peru She got a cousin at customs that get shit through Got this weedhead chick, she always catch me doin shit Crazy girl wanna leave me but she always forgets Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick' Cause she kept bootleggin my shit - man I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?" I'm like excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass you was dead broke and naked, and now you want half I got this ho that after twelve million sold Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleepin on Hov' Gotta tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow I got so many girls across the globe.. [Biz] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Tip] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls all over the globe [Jay] I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes   Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll [Rick] I love girls, girls, girls, girls   Girls, I do adore [Jay] Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya   Holla at ya when I come off tour [Jay] I love girls, girls, girls, girls Girls, girls.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z & R. Kelly f/ Doug E. Fresh, Slick Rick Album: Unfinished Business Song: The Return (Remix) Typed by: ThaLyriczFinisha@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tone (Doug E. Fresh)] Yo, this Tone the referee, knawhatimean? And I'm about to bring y'all some history We got the best of both worlds And I got the Get Fresh Crew Doug Fresh! (one, two, three, come on!) [Jay-Z] Mirror mirror on the wall Whose is the freshest of them all? I love 'em all, but none of y'all Is Doug E., as me and the boy Kelly With the suicide doors, fuck 'em all We got hits like a thirty shot clip When we throw it in the air, everybody hit the floor Holla at your boy, boys When we boys, so we bringin' out them toys I ain't a lame, on them Dana Dane's Wiggie, you annoyed man, when the year change, we change Nigga, we right here, we can go bank for bank We can go clip for clip, nigga, chain for chain We can go bitch for bitch, got a pretty young thing That I keep by my hip, like my celly that rings [Hook: R. Kelly] Meeting Michelle at the hotel While Jay and Tone on the way to the afterparty Got the ladies sayin', oh [Jay-Z] Best of both worlds, and we rock the club youknowhatimsayin Boy H-O, Kells, we not playing Losers lose, so when we does what we do, we win And win again, like deja vu Then we win again, like M.J. do Three-peat, then we retreat to waters that's blue Young Scrappy, that's what grown man do, let's move [Chorus 2x: R. Kelly] In this arena, arena All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up This is for them hustlin' boys and girls It's the return of best of both worlds [Slick Rick] Well once upon a time, they left the glove and the star, kid He swore he was the man, but he was nothing but garbage Let me rephrase that, bubblin' with pride Did have skills, but he was ugly inside Instead of uplift folks, sittin' on the non sense Hurtin' people feelings like he didn't have a conscience Like 'I love you', when he's hittin' that stash Then degraded, the shorty, like he didn't have class Even let a gay jew man tack his jheri Then, got the nerve to call the next cat a fairy Swindlin', forgot the god above him Finally, fan base trinklin' down to nothing No concern for his estate, though, was yearnin' for a break Bitter and evil, didn't learn from his mistake The moral of the story is, don't be a pair of knickers Be good, boys and girls, and you can be as great as Rick is [Chorus 2x] [R. Kelly w/ Doug E. Fresh beatboxing] My baby momma's robe, my rent is overdue It took half the pay, and now my life is filled with rainy days But I stashed some dough, how much, you'll ever know It's Doug Fresh, Slick Rick, Kells and Jay-Z The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Montell Jordan f/ Slick Rick Album: The Nutty Professor soundtrack Song: I Like Hoo oooooh! Do ya like it, like it, like it, like it, girl???? Intro: Slick Rick Great, I'm in trouble, I suppose, because I does hit girlfriend, ya love me in my drop-top Rolls Traffic came to a holt I'm like "I beg your pardon, madam, it was truly my fault" and instead of me yellin and add to no above Hon, all in my drop dead gorgious love Pretty? Body definitely curnin, and thirdly the way she dyed her hair bronze fitted her superbly Verse 1: Montell Jordan Baby, let me say what's on my mind Take a little time to express myself, honey, I think you're fly Now I don't have no problem sayin what I like I'd like to spend some time with you startin with tonight a-na-la Chorus: I like the way you walk The sexy way you talk Ooh I can't help myself Baby, I like I like to kiss your lips and when you move your hips Ooh I can't help myself Baby, I like Verse 2: MJ Here's the situation, I lay it on the line Meaningless relationships they're wastin all my time You are the special someone that I wanna get to know Baby can't you see it in my eyes I wanna take you home Bridge: MJ Tonight let's take our time Do it nice, do it slow Baby, we got nowhere to go Oh I hope you don't mind Oh, I'm comin on real strong I give good lovin all night long Oh, I like it Chorus (x2) Interlude: (Get hot and tell me, get hot) Oh (Get hot and tell me, get hot) mmm mmm yeah (Get hot and tell me, get hot) Oooooh (Get hot and tell me, get hot) baby yeah! (Get hot and tell me, get hot) mmm mmm (Get hot and tell me, get hot) Sure I like it (Get hot and tell me, get hot) Oh yeah (Get hot and tell me, get hot) Bridge Chorus (x2) Baby, I like the way that you walk (You get hot baby) and baby I like the way that you talk (baby) and baby I'd like to kiss on your lips and baby I like you Baby, I like Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Capri f/ Slick Rick, Snoop Doggy Dogg Album: Soundtrack to the Streets Song: Unify Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] I falls off into a party in the N.Y.C. Niggaz lookin at me strange but they lovin my chain Bang bang, same thang, game came when I left em I do it by my lonely now I'm the Big Homie [Slick Rick] But I'm his Royal Slickness, ghetto weakness, come Rick is the one who expose cornball rappers with the quickness Uhh, who bum from and who balls you hung from Wouldn't give a fuck what part of the country you come from [Snoop Dogg] I'm Snoop Dogg, I'm smooth and imperial I wake up every morning to my Lucky Charms cereal Times get drastic, yeah I'm a classic Dogg Pound Gangsta chokin off that Boombastic [Slick Rick] Now put my verse on the first one-beat the herds come So be careful cause my rap will make you eat your words son (Word to God) Scratch I? Who the hardest to match (I) Bright rewrite your still Garbage to Patch [Snoop Dogg] Haven't you heard? I'm loose, shook the Feds like The Juice Snoop Dogg is a hundred-and-twenty-first proof Fool usea deuce-deuce of some Genuine, Draft I'm genuine, like Vinny's whinin all about cash Cash, cash, so indeed I got the weed  and keep the lighter for the hash, has it,  ever been a time when you didn't have a dime and the only way to get it was to go and do a crime? Chorus: Slick Rick (repeat 2X) Many underclothes hangin on the hoes Since (Snoop, Slick Rick) crushed anyone opposed Lot of ladies - pop Cristal, toast to all those like (Kid Capri) helpin to Unify both coasts [Slick Rick] I'm shredding your temple, none, 'head of the emperor Washed up, gang member? Better remember I wipe my feet upon a rapper like a doormat I hit em -- where they sit around actin hardcore at Thank God for the guardians - in light of this Rappers always beg for me to show them who The Mighty is Gats gonna limp, snaps on a kid that always wanna start rappin (boy they're not gonna win) And wanna dash at lethal or evil Could a King bring style and class to black people? Stick a whole log in and he buggin cause I - represent self, with my man Snoop Dogg and them I drop a pile of semen on em Even in a Yugo I could take they woman from em I make the hardest chew the kewl of this Kid Capri, know the part of peasant, who The Ruler is? Chorus [Snoop Dogg] I'm twenty-six.. still in the mix My hair gettin longer, my game gettin stronger A nigga been on one, I thank God Cause life in the city of stars is gettin hard And it's odd, for a G to get a job so I'd rather steal and rob, and mob with my squad My homie used to bang, now we follow Farrakhan Used to read The Source Now all he read is the Holy Qu'ran Time brings change and change brings time Listen to me hit you with this gangbang rhyme Nigga, whattup, who up, YOU up! Doggy Dogg is on the mic I'm here to fuck it izzzup I give it to y'all, like you really got to have it Dogg Pound Gangstaz, boy this shit is gettin tragic But I'ma make me a grip and dip quick And fuck with my nigga Kid Capri on this G shit Dial tail and bail with my nigga Slick Rick-y And all you niggaz talkin bullshit can just miss me Can't twist me, you fuckin paper haters I'm dippin in my nine-eight gold Navigator I'm dippin like a lo-lo Bouncin, smokin ounces, fo' sho' doe Chorus 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Slick Rick Album: The Cookbook Song: Irresistible Delicious Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [over the melody of Slick Rick's song "Lick the Balls"] [Slick Rick] It's entertainment time!!!! Wooo Got Missy Elliott in the house, got Slick Rick in the house We doin big things here kids Hip-Hop's finest, Slick Slick Slick Rick an' M [scratched] Slick Rick an' M Go Missy, go Missy, go Missy, go Missy [scratched] Slick Rick an' M [Missy Elliott] Excuse me Mr. Lawrence, you look nice Simply delicious, Missy want some kisses Let's go to the crib, get cozy in the nude And "Treat Me Like a Prostitute" Now pardon me sir, I'm such a real lady Ride in Mercedes to make the bitches hate me Cruise up and down one-two-fifth Lookin for a guy like you to get with 	{*beat changes*} I seen this cutie pie, so I pulled beside him Seen the size of his feet, so I couldn't deny him Might as well try him, the freak that I am M dot S-E always grindin' [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [Slick Rick] Thank you Missy Irresistible delicious (oooooh) HOLLA Enough to make me lose my mind [Slick Rick] Yeah Know I really want it [scratched] Slick Slick Slick Rick an' M Now I want it, yeah Don't make me wait oh no - no don't make me wait oh no [Slick Rick] Missy No longer will I pretend [Slick Rick] Slick Rick in the house Let's get it on cause we both grown [Slick Rick] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 	{*beat changes back*} Intelligent, delicate, watch how the fella get Bump into my homegirl in Miami, Missy Elliott Green blush on her eyelid, hi Miss! Gave honey a hug I feel her touchin my privates Aw shuck I guess, main course is in I said You know I'm married? -- Yeah and what's that supposed to mean? -- Proposition for you Ruler Procede on -- Well I got a track I need you spit a mean 16 on -- You with it? Down to bless one and I left one The Hit Factory, later on around eleven With my notebook, and pencil, I slides on in I see her lookin mighty sexy and the lights all dim -- Have a drink The booze and the karmy go oddly After havin a drink I start to feel unusually horny Swellin stone, or well writ poems Busy poundin like I'm tryin to break off pelvis bones 	{*beat changes*} [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [Slick Rick] Slick Rick is in the house But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [Slick Rick] Thank you Missy Irresistible delicious (oooooh) HOLLA Enough to make me lose my mind - lose my mind Know I really want it - and now I want it Don't make me wait oh no - no don't make me wait oh no No longer will I pretend [Slick Rick] Boss of the females Let's get it on cause we both grown [Slick Rick] Recognize, recognize 	{*beat changes back*} [Missy Elliott] Excuse me sir, oh gosh you look young But old enough to get it to get yo' head sprung Sit down relax, it's soft here on my couch Or give me hands strictly you might get turned out Cutie pie, 'til I sit beside him Nice shoe size, how could I deny him Big bankroll to help me retire Me and him together smell like big empire Don't treat me like a prostitute Unless you're givin me some money makin sure I look cute But don't treat me like a prostitute Unless you're givin me some money makin sure I look cute [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [scratched] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [scratched] But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [scratched] Fi-fi-fine [beat slows and fades out] Artist: Morcheeba f/ Slick Rick Album: Women Lose Weight 12" Song: Women Lose Weight (Alchemist Remix) Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist *Scratching* "Should I do it" "Super fat" "Out of Control" "Treat the girl like a punk" "It gets done" "Make your blood stop flowing" "Treat the girl like a punk" "Take the life of anybody" "It gets done" "Should I do it" "Super fat" "Out of Control" "Should I do it" [Morcheeba] What a supriser Open your eyes up Woman advisor [Verse One: Slick Rick] The name of this entertainment is 'Women Lose Weight' Our first years of marriage, everything was just great But after two kids and the weight gain factors Fact is, now she's completely unattractive Look fat chicks, I don't mean to sound rude I tell them nice, hit the gym and don't eat so much food But noooo, "You're shallow, you need to run the course of unconditional love and so forth" But how, if desire's not there, that's just delayment Divorces, child support, alimony payments My own happiness I doubt discouraged So hurry for an easier way out this marriage Meanwhile my secretary June, well-groomed "When you gonna leave your wife?" I tell her, "Soon mami soon, I assume" but my destiny is blue Interestingly the only thing left for me to do is to kill her "It gets done" "Treat the girl like a punk"  I'm gonna have to kill her "Tell the truth" "Take the life of anybody" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) Kill her "It gets done"  "Make your blood stop flowing" I'm gonna have to kill her "Out of control" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) [Verse Two: Slick Rick] My plan against or shenanigans kinda ran thin Knowing nothing 'bout poisening and I can't swim Bad intentions pumping, might as well become numb Cut her lungs or the obvious robbery gone wrong But the catch is, do I have the nerve to dispatch this Who could I get to help me murder this fat chick Guess I'll have to play a dude robbin' on Wednesday the day she usually goes food shopping Anyway, long story short, hit the side of her Chrysler Sent it clean over the divider "You bastard!" she said as the wreck, went tumbling down the hill I thought she has to be dead Later on, get a call from the lieutenant O'Rourke Had me leapin' like a frog, "We need you at the morgue" So I selfishly persue, boo hoo there was nothing else for me to do I had to kill her "It gets done" "Treat the girl like a punk"  Come on y'all, you know I had to kill her "Tell the truth" "Take the life of anybody" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) Killed her "It gets done"  "Make your blood stop flowing" I had to kill her "Out of control" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) [Rick: ] So you mean to tell me officer you have no clue who did this "Tell the truth" [Officer: ] No sir, we don't have no clue right now [Rick: ] This is terrible, what am I gonna tell the kids [Officer: ] Pull yourself together sir [Rick: ] I'm just so broken up inside I can't believe this [Officer: ] I understand, I understand "Tell the truth" [Rick: ] Catch the person who did this [Officer: ] We're gonna try sir [Rick: ] Please  "Take the life of anyb..." [Verse Three: Slick Rick] Screaming who done took my heart Acting shooken up a lot, at the funeral Though everyone was lookin' at me hard, like I did it Like I was the reason my mate slain Murmering "I heard he was displeased with her weight gain" While my secretary, sort of a sexy blonde, can't cook All she does is order from restaurants All of the sex he wants, I doubt could address clothes not washed proper and house look a mess And talkin' to detectives who were waiting outside How I took a long lunch break, day the wife died I darn near turned pale and because of betrayal They indicted me, gave me an impossible bail Good fortune to anybody admiring the rawtent Moral of the story is, desire is important So watch your weight, it will keep your mate smitten, it's a given Though looking back I realise I didn't have to kill her "It gets done" "Treat the girl like a punk"  I didn't have to kill her "Tell the truth" "Take the life of anybody" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) Killed her "It gets done"  "Make your blood stop flowing" I didn't have to kill her "Out of control" (Send that ass right to the morgue miss) [Outro: Slick Rick] Well there you have it Keep in trim, keep your marriages healthy, y'know whuhmean Small message from Morcheeba and Slick Rick the ruler  "Treat the girl like a punk" "Take the life of any.." "..g-g-girl like a punk" "Take the life of any.." "..girl" "Take the life of any.." "..girl" "Take the life of any.." "..girl" Peace "Take the life of any.." "..g-g-girl like a punk" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Slick Rick Album: The Ecstatic Song: Auditorium Typed by: kervindesir@gmail.com the way I feel sometimes its too hard to sit still things are so passionate times are so real sometimes I try an chill mellow down blowin smoke smile on my face but its really no joke you feel it in the streets people breathe without hope they goin through the motion, they dimmin down they focus the focus gettin clear and the light turn sharp and the eyes go teary, the mind grow weary I speak it so clearly sometimes ya don't hear me I push it past the bass no nations gotta feel me I feel it in my bones, black, I'm so wide awake that I hardly ever sleep, my flows forever deep and its volumes or scriptures when I breath on a beat my presence speak volumes before I say a word I'm every where penthouse pavement and curb cradle to the grave tall lead you onna shell universal ghetto life holla black you know it well quiet storm vital form pen pushed it right across mind is a vital force, high level right across shoulders the lions raw voice is the siren I swing round ring out and bring down the tyrant shocked a small act could knock a giant lopsided the world is so dangerous there's no need for fightin suttins tryna hide like the struggle wont find em and the sun bust through the clouds to clearly remind him everywhere penthouse pavement and curb cradle to the grave talk'll lead you on a shell universal ghetto life holla black you know it well what it is you know they know what it is we know yall know what is is ecstatic there it is huh (2X) what it is you know we know what it is they know yall know what it is you don't know? here it is (2X) [and always on time and rockin ya mind] sit and come relax riddle off the mac, its the patch imma soldier in the middle of iraq well say about noonish commin out the whip and lookin at me curious, a young Iraqi kid (awww) carrying laundry, whats wrong G? hungry? no, gimme oil or get fuck out my country and in Arabian barkin other stuff till his moms come grab him and they walk off in a rush I'm like surely hope that we can fix our differences soon (bye!) white apples I'm breakin on you take everything why not just take the damn food like I don't understand it, on another planet? 51 of this stuff how I'm gunna manage? and increasing the sentiment gentlemen gettin down on that middle eastern instruments realized trappin is crap walk over kicked one of my fabulous raps (la dee da dee) Arab (??) they well wished they glad wrapped now the kid considered like an Elvis of Baghdad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: OutKast f/ Slick Rick Album: Da Art of Storytellin 12" Song: Da Art of Storytellin' (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Big Boi Yea.. Somebody hit me the other day, for a rendezvous Was it the bitch that fucked the Goodie, and the Dungeon Crew Let's say her name was Suzy Skrew, cause she SCREWED a lot Makin a nigga hit that chonk, at legitimate spots Not no parks, backseats, or things of that nature Had to hate ya playa, I'm dickin the hoe down never said I paid her Straight laid her, slayed the bitch like Darth Daver, made her From College Park and Fayette, all the way down to Decatur Like Jada, her wig was sharp and sporty, that was shorty Safe as a snake on eggs in a Beamer eight-hundred-forty It's foggy, I went to the crib to call her but she lost me My baby mamma beeped seven o'clock it's gonna cost me but I still wanna cut her though, maybe she had to work I caught her in the mall, wearin a real tight skirt She was, fine as FUCK, I wanted to sex the hoe up She said, "Let's hit the parking lot so I can sick your duck" I said, "Cool, I really wanted to cut you but this'll do. I gotta pick up my daughter plus my baby mamma beeped me too." She said she understood then everything was kosher I gave her a Lil' Will CD, and a fuckin poster It's like that now  It's like that now, you better go on  and get, the hump, up out your back now  It's about four, or five, cats  off in my 'Llac now  We just, shoot, game in the  form of story rap now (yeah)  It's like that now, it's like that now Verse Two: Andre Benjamin Now Suzy Skrew had a partna named Sasha (Sasha), Thumper (Thumper) I remember her number like the summer when her and Suzy yeah they threw a slumber - - party but you can not call it that cause it was slummer Well it was more like spend the night Three in the morning yawnin dancin under street lights We chillin like a villain and a nigga feelin right in the middle of the ghetto on the curb, but in spite all of the bullshit we on our back starin at the stars above (aww man) Talkin bout what we gonna be when we grow up I said what you wanna be, she said, "Alive" (hmm) It made me think for a minute, then looked in her eyes I coulda died, time went on, I got grown Rhyme got strong, mind got blown, I came back home to find lil Sasha was gone Her mamma said she with a nigga that be treatin her wrong I kept on singin my song and hopin at a show that I would one day see her standin in the front row But two weeks later she got found in the back of a school With a needle in her arm, baby two months due, Sasha Thumper  It's like that now, you better go on  and get, the hump, up out your back now [Slick Rick] Yes... (Uncle Ricky!!)  It's about four, or five, cats  off in my 'Llac now [Slick Rick] Yes... (Could you tell a story?)  We just, shoot, game in the  form of story rap now (yeah) [Slick Rick] (Pleeeeeease?) Uh-huh  It's like that now, it's like that now [Slick Rick] Herrrrrre we go... Verse Three: Slick Rick Throwing things, yelling in a mad high pitch Here we go again with this psychopath bitch The neighbors will hear you, you misfit Can't disagree with the bitch without this shit The price we pay to fuck women The most pretty bitch got the psycho shit within them Stuck up, as soon as I pop up But see me with the next she wanna tear the fucking club up Check her pants, and number confirming Learned more and more they're just shifty dumb vermins And you know, probably get cussed if I backslip miss while she busy trying to justify who cheated first "Rick what would I want  with this small chain wearin muh-fucka trying to front?" I oughta cut her off, let another sooth me but I don't know, ordinary bitch don't move me I mean, I tried to fall in love with a bittie but straight up, just be with the bitch out of pity So although I know, pretty bitch shady Here I go, trying to change a hoe into a lady Knahmean?  It's like that now, you better go on  and get, the hump, up out your back now [Slick Rick] Yes  It's about four, or five, cats  off in my 'Llac now [Slick Rick] Yes  We just, shoot, game in the  form of story rap now (yeah) [Slick Rick] Uh-huh  It's like that now, it's like that now  It's like that now, you better go on  and get, the hump, up out your back now [Slick Rick] Yes  It's about four, or five, cats  off in my 'Llac now [Slick Rick] Yes  We just, shoot, game in the  form of story rap now (yeah) [Slick Rick] Uh-huh  It's like that now, it's like that now  It's like that now, you better go on  and get, the hump, up out your back now [Slick Rick] Yes  It's about four, or five, cats  off in my 'Llac now [Slick Rick] Yes  We just, shoot, game in the  form of story rap now ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ GZA, Masta Killa, Slick Rick Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II Song: We Will Rob You Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] Who the hell teaches you kung fu? Your master must be an ignorant idiot as well! [Intro: Slick Rick] (Uncle Ricky, would you read us a bedtime story?) Nah kid, but I'mma give you one them old Raekwon crime joints Feel me? We will, we will... We will, we will -- here we go [Raekwon] Well it was late one night, walking through the park With my leathered down coat and wallabee Clarks Getting my step on, big shit, big six, big wrist So much excitement in the air, I was crisp Money suitcase, Louis joint (yo, Rae, I'mma get some shit just like yours!) Go make it happen, black God and get rich Saw the D's fly by, in a New Yorker, yup, tints and shit They made a right on me, them last two dicks Know I seen 'em, Max loaded, jog right back to the car They spun around again and blast they shits I dropped a Backwood, a puff and then a 6-4-5 You'se a live nigga, you almost smashed yo shit I'mma don my way out the bitch, moving through the car Nice and slow, two hoodies on and a golden pit Nigga had a white eye, they both blacked down What's the clown shit for? The dog jumped in the whip It was a trained one, wops pointed at me (yo, nigga, freeze) [GZA] I told the Chef Raekwon, pump the breaks Slow it down, you know these C-Cypher Punks scanned your plates Release the seatbelt off the shoulders, a mile ahead Then the vibe got a lot colder when the marksman said "Black niggas in the Jeep, get the fuck out the car" "Put your hands where my eyes can see or suffer a scar" He was a veteran, who kept, pepper spray in the cannister Donut shop lounger, thirty eight brandisher On top of that, the blunt smoke just rang a bell Of his bloodhound who had an acute sense of smell Beef tripping, saliva dripping from razor sharp teeth That was pointy as the daggers of the Indian Chiefs Same cops known for exorting pimps and booking whores Aimed glocks at me and Rae, cuz they was looking for A few MC's wanted for a string of break-ins Last seen, wearing long minks and snakeskins [Chorus: Slick Rick] We will, we will, rob you We will, we will, glock you We will, we will, what? who? (not you) Here we go... [Masta Killa] You know my Clan done ran from Japan to Atlanta With stamina, peace to Chef, Mr. Meth Move it on your left, with the Iron Lung breath Ghostface Kill', U-G ill Deck so real, Dr. Ason Unique, the medic Ahh, Allah Just, The Abbott, ya'll niggas can't forget it You might catch a Cap if your shit ain't Street Allah Mathematics make the cypher complete See knowledge is the foundation of existence To know starts the spark of the flow Wisdom activation of the Nation moving Wise words, show and prove or understand the 13 letters And the Masta, culture be the way of life Freedom is reward, who will pay the price for the power Spending hour after hour, preparing his self For the hour, now look how refined When the mind and body is one, every part of me Supreme equality, manifest the nature of self G-O-D, now build and add on to the truth Destroy the bullshit, born incomplete The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Slick Rick Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Night Riders Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {BZzT, BRRAAAP, TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Alright Rahzel you gonna be alright? {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Okay KITT {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Turn into the car {Kashshshshh, *hydraulic noise*, *computer beeps*, kshs BZZZzt} [Rick]	KITT {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	It's Michael, a.k.a. Slick Rick the Ruler, you alright? {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} {*Rahzel starts beatboxing*} [Rick]	Let's go 	Put my seatbelt on KITT 	Stop right here, where we at? 	Shotty part of Brooklyn it gets rough out here KITT (Michael's callin .. I have to go) 	I don't know how we gon' do this 	Wait right here, I'll be right back (Michael's callin .. I have to go) (Callin the Rick .. I have to go) [Slick Rick] Rap battle one two, one two, check it out All alone, gold song, like Mike Corleone Get a little ? while in the pen, still hold the throne Blood is the same for us to spill I give off the impression it's no thing for us to kill Around the way with -- street corner game, Pat Sajak Got kids to feed, you can't stop the paycheck! (Mhmm) A lettergram said that you're ahead of him Nowhere on the planet nigga can't rap better than So know that I'm the flyest, bypass by you and your tired-ass bow down to my ass I shit on a kid wanna vic wanted KITT What's ?? Slick Rick, this one is dead Life's finished, this rapper ?? Me and Rahzel on the record no cat career finished Jump in my car, better buckle up KITT, hurry, get me 'cross town to wreck another club Chorus: Rahzel and Slick Rick "For all of y'all, keepin y'all in health (to what?)  Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself" Rahzel, what's my name? {Ehh-ehh, ehh-Slick Rick} What's the timeframe? {SIX MINUTES TO DESTINATION} Set the hydraulics {Awwahha, "Ohh my gosh!"} and the low mileage, make sure the car's polished Got all the girls screamin just to hear me flow {Aha-wweeh, "Hereeeee we goooooooo..."} [Slick Rick] No not rich, old boy bougie Car KITT known to get Rolls Royce pussy In front of y'all opponent, the man be arrogant Is there some part of "I can slaughter anyone" that all you don't get? My records, are ??, how dare announce attack us Jack shit suave more debonaire about your black ass Slick pose with another gold hit By self eliminate a motherfucker whole click .. All assume in the cut Motherfucker even question if I'm human or not! Who that swingin in Seacaucus? The gorgeous, of course it's thoughtless, c'mon KITT, the King of New York is And now it's gettin kind of dark, ?? Westside Highway, park by the Tunnel Bad car horn oinks off the man's points Walk in, niggaz havin a ball off of Rah's joint Chorus 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Will Smith f/ Jazzie Jeff, Biz Markie, Slick Rick Album: Willenium Song: So Fresh Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca (let's listen to this dramatic show which was popular in the early days of radio) [Will Smith] Ha ha, unh, yeah yeah Jazzy Jeff, Fresh Prince and uh Jazzy Jeff, Fresh Prince and uh Little taste of the old school Jazzy Jeff, yo, break it down one time Say what? Unh, unh, unh, unh One for the treble, two for the bass Jazzy Jeff and Fresh Prince back up in your face Me and Jeff again, "Oh my" you say 1985 to the Y2K The new millenium, propehicies, I'm fulfillin' 'em Everywhere I go, people be yelling "yo, that's Will and them" (so fresh) I check the rhyme like Quest Some jokes dropped them doo-doo rhymes at my rest The B-I-G, W-I-L-L King of swing, and I rock well The nail in the coffin of your average rapper Jeff do the ditto for your average scratcher Stature of a rapper slash actor Back to the future on wax The future of rap Tap like Gregory Hines, read the headlines Hip-hop's number one son still shines 'Cause I'm (so fresh) Big Will is (so fresh) Jazzy Jeff is (so fresh) West Philly is (so fresh) Ladies and Gentlemen, Biiiiiz... Marrrr... KIE! [Biz Markie] Yes y'all and to the funky beat and Everytime you hear me rhyme, y'all be freakin' The B-I-Z will wreck it, R-O-C-K it You're guaranteed to like me, for what I am sayin' To all those other emcees that be tryin' to get the info Forget the rest 'cause I'm the best, and I'm a nympho- Maniac, insaniac, I'll put you in a trance and Always keep it tight, cuz, no matter what type was In, you know I'm fresh in flavor Yeah, that's right, I'm talkin' 'bout me The R-K-I-E in the place to be I recognize and hypnotize, everytime I tenderize I specialize and open eyes, to make you realize That you've been rocked with Jeff's plain skills The diobolocal, and my man Will And we're (so fresh) [Will Smith] Ha, Big Will is (so fresh) Biz Mark is (so fresh) Jazzy Jeff is (so fresh) Biz, do it Whoo, for the old school Unh, unh, ha ha Ladies and gentlemen Rrricky... D! [Slick Rick]  Well once upon a time eccentric head shorty Where people wore pijamas and went to bed early There was a little boy, tight clout that might sprout Tried to help lead black folk the right route Delayed, Negative voices, many, once in prison for unwise choices that he once made* Divide the men, cops were sent inside of him And seeing the good he had within him, let him out again  The life no longer for a big time baller, vic  Big Willies like Will Smith now call the kid (yo Rick) So check the gift, everything no negative That's what happens when you steer black folk away from negative* Not to mention chasin' charts, killin' 'em There'll be a member of the Biz-Mark, Will, and Rick Demise sent, can't mess with the mindset Come run with us, December 1999 said It's all because of you, I'm feelin' sad and blue You went away, now my life is just rainy days I love you so, how much, you'll never know You took your love away from me Oh oh oh oh You took your love away from me Oh oh oh oh You took your love, you took your love, you took your love You took your love away from me Slick Rick Will Smith Biz Mark [Will Smith] True dat, true dat Jazzy Jeff y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Warren G f/ Phats Bossi, Slick Rick Album: I Want it All Song: If We Give You a Chance Typed by: JiggyGeezy@Yahoo.com (Slick Rick) Well... Kinda hungry Have you eaten? Hardly any Walking down sunset boulevardnelly I had this miner on the lock She said  That mutha fucker look finer  Than a fuck But he's an eastcoast cat Pure jelly ass Nigga kick a rap that can impress My L.A. ass Disrespect  When I didn't deserve it Hey you acting like earning the Best rapper walk the earth yet (no) I guess some big tymer tapping her I huff, and puff Blew her fat rat ass off Blaze her Shit, in the face The most rapper Why she acting like it didn't know While I pulls up on her Rolls I gets in it  I'm like bitch it's  Best you write down your number this minute Catching her going Just sparking off And she came to her sister Before the car took off (Chorus) We know what to do  If we give you the chance You'll fall in love And all the time won't remain The way you look Your touch is fine But I won't let you blow my mind (Warren G) Lodi Dodi We like to party My nigga slick rick  Can still rock a party It was 12:15 when I hit the scene Fresh out from L.A. Touching J.F.K. I was on my way  To go get my bays I'm a real one from L.A. So I gots to say I hit my nigga slick rick And said I'm in town Get some puerto rican freaks Cause it's got to go down So we hit every girl in the N-Y-C I'm rush associated  So what's up with me We fucked and flee off the hennesy Girl just for me Hit'em all for free Beyatch! (Chorus) (Phats Bossi) What? Fast as suave-a Boss will flip the script The number one draft pick So the G's is thick Roll with Rick Nigga that'll roll with me Every man feel free When he making a G Is money constant? And money all that I see? I'ma breath this shit Money coming with me What you want with it The boss stay committed To drunk trying to pive it Still I bust the sickest Check it Wreckless major carrots In my necklace Black lence and go kill'em with ??? shit Perfect it now the game's obtain And this don pieces eyes  Peel jocking the ring Trade the sex face Baby keep the pace Lots to do  Little time And is love to make Promise you my pearl Baby this my world And even broke without a dime You still be my girl What! (Chorus) 