Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Rapper Ternt Sanga (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*jail door slams shut*} Konvict [T-Pain] Ay, that's how it go mayne Sheeit, that's how it go mayne Ay man I know y'all feelin like can't touch me dog But I'm right here, I ain't goin nowhere dog Yeah, yeah, sheeit I'm just a rapper turned sanger man What you is dog? I'm just a rapper turned sanger man {*2X*} Ay, what you is dog? Don't even worry 'bout it Ay, now let me tell you a lil' story 'bout this young rapper man Shit, from the start in his heart, he had a passion to sing What a passionate mayne, rapper, producer, a whole stack of thangs And then one day he said to himself you know a man has to change So now he a rapper, a sanger~! A dancer, a romancer~! Man cancer can't be way mo' too serious I'm tryin to drop this real but they ain't hearin this They fearin this - used to all that shit that they hear on the radio I bet'cha I catch the ear of somebody and they gon' play me though So we came up, not givin a fuck, what a nigga gotta say 'bout Pain Got niggaz lil' ladies droppin their panties Smackin their fannies, sayin his name So I'm playin the game they want me to play Sayin everything they want me to say And I promised homeboy if I get back to this rappin it won't be today Ain't got time for the rap shit, bap shit, makin hand clap shit Nappy, nappy, nappy mo' nap shit That shit second, this shit first That shit harder, this shit worse And this shit curse me and it hurts me to let it go But I gotta come back to the sack to let these other niggaz know That it's another side to Teddy, a dub side on the machete A fuckin prime spot on the Chevy, the situation gets heavy So find it in your heart to let me put this gangbangin shit away I've made it up in my mind that I'ma change today A rapper turned sanger Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: I'm Sprung Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I'm sprung Dog she got me! Got me doin things I'll never do If you ain't been, I'm tellin you I'm sprung.. (I'm sprung) Dog she got me! Got me doin things I'll never do If you ain't been, I'm tellin you You do {*12X*} You dooooooooo [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T-Pain] Oooh she got me doin the dishes Anything she want for some kisses I'm cookin for her when she gets hungry All she do is actin like she want me She cuttin off all my homies Even all my other 'ronies She ain't even my main lady See I been thinkin 'bout it lately Man! She really don't deserve me All she wanna do is hurt me So I gotta get away from her... But now I'm leavin quickly Before she come and try to get me And I'm takin everythang with me When it all come down to her [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T-Pain] Oooh so we went our separate ways It's been a couple of days But now I'm doin what I want to With nobody tellin me what I'm gon' do And I'm feelin so free With nobody but me Now I can handle all my business All of my fellas, can I get a witness But I'm feelin kinda lonely On top of that I'm kinda horny And I gotta get back to her... Now I'm leavin quickly Before she come and try to get me And I'm takin everythang with me When it all come down to her [Chorus] w/ ad libs Artist: T-Pain f/ Mike Jones Album: Rappa Ternt Sanga Song: I'm N Luv (Wit a Stripper) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro] God damn lil' mama You know you thick as hell you know what I'm sayin' Matter of fact, after the club you know what I'm talkin' about Me and my niggaz gon' be together you know what I'm sayin' I ain't gon' worry bout them really though I'm just lookin' at you, yeah you know You got them big ass hips god damn [Verse 1 - T-Pain] Got the body of a goddess Got eyes butter pecan brown I see you girl, droppin' low She comin' down from the ceiling, to the flo' Yeah, she know what she doin' yeah yeah yeah She doin' that right thang yeah yeah yeah I need to get her over to my crib and do that night thang [Chorus - T-Pain x2] I'm in love with a stripper She poppin' she rollin' she rollin' She climbin' that pole and I'm in love with a stripper She trippin' she playin' she playin' I'm not goin' nowhere girl I'm stayin' I'm in love with a stripper [Verse 2 - Mike Jones] She's every man's dream, she's God's gift to earth Women they love 'em too, that's what you call a woman's worth See I love all the strippers becuase they show me love They know I never pay it's free whenever I hit the club But I can't even lie, the girls in here so fly She slidin' up and down that pole got me mesmerized Mike Jones don't ever trick, but God damn she thick I can't lie I must admit [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - T-Pain] Out of all the girls she be the hottest Likin' the way she break it down I see you girl, splittin' wide And she lookin' at me right in my eyes, yeah She got my attention, yeah yeah yeah Did I forget to mention, yeah yeah yeah I need to get her over to my crib and do that night thang [Chorus x4] [Verse 4 - T-Pain] She can pop it, she can lock it Teddy Pendegrass down bout to see this sexy girl, in my bed She don't know what she is doin', to my head She turnin' tricks on me, yeah yeah yeah She don't even know me, yeah yeah yeah I done got her over to my crib to that night thang [Chorus to fade] Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Studio Luv Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {"Studio" - 4X*} Yeah, in the studio In the studio, stu-di-ohhhhh Ohhh-hoeee, hohhh Teddy babe KONVICT! Ho-ohhhhhhh [T-Pain] Girl just close your eyes and picture me playin your Spanish guitar Baby where we goin, there are no such thing as a bad note (bad note) If I could I would, stroke your body like I do my keyboard (keyboard) Are you ready? Ready to do something you never did before Let's make love in the (studio) studio (studio) studio (studio) Let's make love in the (studio) studio (studio) studio (studio) Let's make love in the... [T-Pain] I see you from the booth, and you remind me of a brand new saxophone (saxophone) Girl I'm tryin my best, but the music won't let me leave you alone And your bohhh-dy is like a flute, I can't stop blowin on you Are you ready? Ready to do something you never did before [T-Pain] Do you miiiiind, if I pluck upon your strings for one minute? And do you miiiiind, if I do some nasty things for one minute? GIRL!! If I could I would, I would stroke your body like I do my keyboard ARE YOU READY?!! Ready to do something you never did before [Chorus] - 2X w/ ad libs and variations Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: You Got Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] "Konvict!" {*echoes*} New York City! All the way to Los Angeles, California From the dry lands to overseas baby To all my beautiful ladies, I see you [Akon] The first thing I noticed when I walked in the club girl was you watchin me (me, me, me) Then I started walkin towards her when I lost her in the crowd, where could she be? (Be, be, be) You got me in the middle of the dance floor just searchin for you girl - I'm steady lookin for you baby I ask myself were you created in this world? By the beauty in you girl - and I can't believe that you got me [Chorus 2X: Akon] So... you got me so You got me so high and confused I don't know what to do [Akon - over Chorus repeat] T-Pain, Konvict, yeahhhh [T-Pain] Now you got me all in the club Like I ain't got nuttin better to do than look for you (you, you) yeah Cause I'll be here all night searchin Do what I gotta do 'til I find you (you, you) You got me in the middle of the dance floor just searchin for you girl - I said I'm searchin for you girl You got me sweatin got me weak in the knees cause I've been workin for you girl - and it's so hard because I'm so [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Akon] Don't know what to do Now I'm lookin in the back, while I'm lookin in the front while I'm standin in the middle like where are you? (Are you, are you) I could've sworn that she walked right past me baby Niggaz sippin on 'gnac, contact from the blunt got me lookin at ladies, where are you? (are you? are you?) I could've sworn that she looked right at me - cause I'm lookin for you!! You got me in the middle of the dance floor just searchin for you girl (LOOKIN FOR YOU) and I'm tryin to find you baby I ask my myself were you created in this world by the beauty in you girl - the beauty's got me going crazy Come on and find me! [Chorus] w/ MANY ad libs [Outro] So high! {*echoes*} So hiiiigh! Don't know if I can go on through this night without you.. Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Let's Get it On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let's get it on tonight... {*4X*} Yah, check it, okay [T-Pain] (Let's get it on) It seems as if you just talkin it and don't know what to do (Let's get it on) I can feel you clinchin got your body flinchin when I'm touchin you (Let's get it on) Girl you know I got that good thang, you wouldn't understand it's a hood thang (Let's get it onnnn) You can walk the walk, but can youu talk the talk? This what you should say (Let's get it on tonight) Five foot five, got my eyes so wide and I'm holdin that (Let's get it on tonight) I can see it in your eyes, you want me behind so you can throw it back (Let's get it on tonight) I cain't even lie, I got a need for your thighs, nothin wrong with that (Let's get it on tonight) Girl is you feelin me? You killin me; you feelin me? You killin me You feelin me? (Let's get it on tonight) [T-Pain] I ain't gotta worry 'boutcha You can handle everythang that I'm givin you (Let's get it on) Even if I saw your face in a darker place I would be feelin you (Let's get it on) Look I ain't no virgin shawty I can hurt yoour body, you done heard about me (Let's get it onnnn) You can walk the walk, but can youu talk the talk? This what you should say [T-Pain] Girl you fine ass hell Momma done you well, I see it in yo' face (Let's get it on) I'mma beat you down like a twelve; bah-dah... bah-dah, bah-dah (Let's get it on) You in for a treat, I'ma sweep you off of your feet (Let's get it onnnn) And I'ma put it down so right Bave you feelin like you higher than a kite girl [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro] Let's get it on tonight... {*4X*} Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Fly Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Oooooh! Oooooh, oooooh Oooooh, oooooh Ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-oooooh Ohh-oh-ohhhh, oh-oh-oh-ohhh, yeah Ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-oooooh Ohh-oh-ohhhh, oh-oh-oh-ohhh, yeah [T-Pain] I wish I can grow some wings and get up out of this situation, I'd do it with no hesitation, yeah I wish I can know those things that everybody else knows, it's my decision don't need permission to [Chorus One] Fly away (wayyy) fly away (wayyy) Fly away (wayyy) And I go through this everyday so I fly away (wayyy) I can fly away (wayyy) Fly away (wayyy) no one listens to what I say so I fly away [T-Pain] Somebody told me (told me) today was my day (dayyy) They'd see me on the big screen, and they'd see me on the stage And it must be true cause, here I am, here I am baby I wanna thank youuu, for lettin me [Chorus Two] Fly away (wayyy) fly away (wayyy) Fly away (wayyy) And I go through this everyday so I fly away (wayyy) I can fly away (wayyy) Fly away (wayyy) And I go through this everyday so I fly awayyyyyyyyyy [T-Pain] Yeahhhhhhh... oooh And I go through this everyday so I fly awayyyy Fly awayyyy-yeah, fly away yeah No one listens to what I say so I fly awayyyy (wayyy) Fly awayyyy-yeah, fly away yeah And I go through this everyday so I fly awayyyy (wayyy) Fly awayyyy-yeah, fly away yeah And no one listens to what I say so I fly awayyyy (wayyy) Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh No one listens to what I say so I fly awayyyy Fly awayyyy-yeah, fly away yeah And I go through this everyday so I fly awayyyy (wayyy) Fly away (wayyy) fly away (wayyy) And I go through this everyday so I fly awayyyy (wayyy) Fly away-yeah-heah (wayyy) fly-away-yeah-heah (wayyy) No one listens to what I say so I fly awayayayyyyyy (wayyy... wayyy... wayyy) Artist: T-Pain f/ Bone Crusher Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Going Through a Lot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Konvict Music It's time to do it [T-Pain] I can't handle all these bills and payments, this stuff is overstressin me But I still gotta do it Baby mama put me on them papers, ain't get nothin for the baby But I still gotta do it I can't keep on workin (keep on workin) seems like the whole world's ignorin me Bbut I still gotta do it Schemers keep on jerkin (keep on jerkin) everybody's gettin more than me But I still gotta do it [Chorus: T-Pain] So pass that drank (pass that drank) pass that 'dro (pass that 'dro) It's my life (it's my life) So what'cha thank (what'cha thank) what'cha know? (What'cha know?) It's alright, and I paid the price, but still I'm goin through a lot Sittin on the block now (through a lot) Slangin out my drop now (through a lot) nobody's helpin me, whether they see it or not - goin through a lot I'm hatin on the cops now (through a lot) Wishin they would stop now (through a lot) Nobody's helpin me, whether they see it or not - goin through a lot [T-Pain] All this music got me goin crazy, can't even concentrate on my family But I still gotta do it Plus I gotta go through all this family hatred I don't know why everybody's hatin me But I still gotta do it Even one of my homeboys thankin that I'm bangin his lady I don't know why he would think that out of me But he gotta go through it To all the nappy heads I got you baby, we 'bout to make it yes indeed And we gon' get through it [Bone Crusher] I work a 9-to-5 shawty and they think it's funny And how they feel that my stress don't count homey I hit the beat like a cop when I hit the block Because my baby's gotta eat, I ain't gon' never stop I see them laughin at me fo' cause my pants raggedy And my do' won't shut and my car's shaggy But I see the future man like I'm Nostradamus And in my heart all I see is a future star But in my brain ain't nothin but these notes man But y'all don't feel my stress y'all don't UNDERSTAND~!! The next step is the pistol and it goes down Mellow it out fat boy, just calm down And sing this song.. and sing that song Cause God gon' make a way for me to get my hustle on [T-Pain: repeat 2X] Goin through a lot; sittin on the block now (through a lot) Slangin out my drop now (through a lot) nobody's helpin me, whether they see it or not - goin through a lot I'm hatin on the cops now (through a lot) Wishin they would stop now (through a lot) Nobody's helpin me, whether they see it or not - goin through a lot [Outro] Goin through a lot, through a lot, through a lot Goin through a lot, through a lot, through a lot Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Say It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ohhhh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Oh-ohh, oh-ohh Ohhhh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Oh-ohh, oh-ohh Ohhhh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Oh-oh-ohh-ohh, oh-oh-ohh-ohh [T-Pain - the end of each line with .. echoes] Ooooh pull up to my crib in your black Range Rover.. I got some plans that don't involve my hands.. Get out and walk up slowly, lemme see your new Manolo.. I don't think you ready for what's about to happen behind closed do's.. And girlll I want you to enjoy yourself, have you feelin so good inside.. So jump up on this roller coaster let me take you for a lappy ride And I'ma make ya say it (whoa whoa) say it (whoa whoa) Say it (whoa whoa) what are you waitin for? Say it (whoa whoa) say it (whoa whoa) Say it (whoa whoa) what do you got in store? Say it (whoa whoa) say it (whoa whoa) Say it (whoa whoa) cut off the lights and close the door [Interlude] Whoa whoa (whoa whoa) and I'ma have you feelin so hiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiii-iiii-aaaaaiiiiiiiigh [T-Pain - same .. echo as before] Girl your skin tone's so lovely got me breakin out in cold sweat.. You been here for 15 minutes, I don't know which way to go yet.. Girl you're so soft, I wanna break you off with some of this good love oOoOoH! And you can tell me what to do, I won't stop until you say so.. And girlll I want you to enjoy yourself, have feelin so good inside So jump up on this roller coaster let me take you for a lappy ride [Interlude] Say it (whoa whoa) say it - and I'ma have you feelin so hiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiii-iiii-aaaaaiiiiiiiigh [Outro] Whoa whoa {*3X*} Whoa whoa {*3X*} Whoa whoa {*3X*} Whoa whoa, heyyyyyyy Artist: T-Pain f/ Tay Dizm Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Dance Floor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*piano and instrumental for 0:24*} Hoooo-hoooooooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-oooh! [T-Pain] I got the hat, I got the shoes, I got the outfit I go outside and pick the ride I'm gon' go out with But right befo' I hit the streets I gotta put on my dancin shoes in the mirror [Interlude] And now, rock with it rock with it And now, step with it step with it Who want it now, slide with it slide with it And now, ride with it ride with it And now, walk with it walk with it And now, get low!! And now, and I know where I'm 'bout to go [Chorus 2X: T-Pain] I'll be on the dance floor - don't be janky with me Shawty was in the corner now she's lookin for me I'll be on the dance floor - that's what I do In a minute I'll be in it and I'm jukin with you [T-Pain] On the dance floor [T-Pain] Oh I hit the club and I'm ready for a dance off (a dance off) Me and Dizm 'bout to blow a nigga pants off (his pants off) So if he wanna ride with me I'm 'bout to do the same thing that I did in the mirror [Interlude] + [Chorus] [T-Pain] On the dance floor [Tay Dizm] Ay this is yo' boy Tay Dizm, y'knahmsayin? Hakuna matata y'know? Ay, I'm doin this here for the South y'knahmsayin? With my nigga Pain I done told y'all niggaz befo' we dropped hits Cause anything we touch it known to be the shit Like an old school body that's gutted all out From the grill to the paint to the dump in the back It's a jump off, and the Dizm gon' get it off Hit the club, get you thinkin it's a Mardi Gras And who stepped to my crew? Then this is what my crew gon' do my nigguh~! [Interlude] + [Chorus] [T-Pain] On the dance floor Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Ur Not the Same Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ooh ooh ooh oooooh Ohhh ohhh Oooooh ooh oooooh ooh ooh ooh Ooh ooh ooh, ooh-hoo, ooh ooh ooh Ohhhhh, ohhhhh ohh Ohh-whoa-ohhhh! Ohh-whoa-hoh-ohh [T-Pain] Girl I see you changed (changed) You think it's affectin me (but girl) But girl it's not Girl I peeped your brain (brain) You think you're so smart (so smart) But girl you're not And it's a shame (damn) ask me Ask if I care And you're lookin so good (damn) take you back I wouldn't dare, because girl [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'd rather get it while the going's good Baby, you know I would do you better if you treat me the same I'd rather get it while it's hot than stay there while it's not Ooh girl you not the same any more, you not the same [Akon] Girl you know my steez, always in the streets Steady packin my heat, case some {nigga} wanna come test me You made me slow it down, especially when you come 'round How the hell it go down, got me actin like a clown It ain't funny, girl; you're not the same no more Spendin too much money and the sex ain't the same no more Girl you had me fooled, up and shacked up Ooh, now you're washed up, hate it but it's jacked up As Konvicts we gotta [T-Pain] Then finally (ring) I get a call (a call) A call from you Baby why don't we (we) just quit it all (it all) Ooh girl we're through OoooohOooOohh don't call my phone now (nowww) I bet you think (you think) I wanna speak Listen to this tone now (oooh) I gotta go (gotta go) go back to sleep OoOoh girl [Outro: repeat 2X] You not the same anymore, you not the same Girl, you not the same anymore and you know Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: My Place Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Yeahhhhh How many times have I told you love you? Don't seem to change a thang, girl you're not the same There was a time when you wanted me to hug you and treat you like, the lady that you wanna be The girl I knew that wanted me Would never try to hold me back And do me all this wrong Girl what's goin on? I tried to talk and you walk away Right out of my face, right out of my place, but [Chorus: repeat 2X] That's just it, girl You just don't know how much I love you now that you walked out of my house That's just it, girl It'll be another day, be another way to get you right back in my place [T-Pain] How many times have we sat at a table and both ate at one time, and said what's on our mind? I'm thinkin our relationship was a fable A fairytale to me, that's just how it seems (oh girl I heard) Even when I heard that you was cheatin I was faithful And would do any God damn thing that you would say too I tried to talk and you walk away Right out of my face, right out of my place, but {*guitar solo interlude*} [Chorus] w/ slight ad libs [Outro] Heyyyy, heyyyy, heyyyy Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Blow Ya Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Ooh~! It's dark in here, it's hot in here Girl what are you doin to me? Baby stop, not in here I got a presidential suite Baby why don't we, just get out of here Where we can have the freedom to be secret lovers under covers, have no fear Cause I'm about to blow ya mind, blow ya mind, blow ya mind Girl - I'm not here to waste ya time, waste ya time, waste ya time Girl I'm about to blow ya mind, blow ya mind, blow ya mind Girl - I'm not here to waste ya time, waste ya time, waste ya time Girl I'm about to blow ya mind [T-Pain] Baby now we're here, what'chu wanna do? I'll let you thank about it for a minute Don't worry 'bout me, I'm here to satisfy you Ain't gotta worry about me gettin it in And your mind your body and your soul comes first to me It's time to make the temperature rise But we had to get away, don't want nobody to see Why? Cause [T-Pain] Baby was it good - satisfactory? I got time so we can do it again Was it good for you, like it was for me? One is not enough let's get the second one in Baby I know you've been, you've been dyin to see if I can do your body right If your baby could, fulfill that one fantasy One more time, girl cause [Chorus] - loops in repeat until 3:48 Artist: T-Pain Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: Ridge Road Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeahhh, yeahhhh Yeahhh, yeahhhhhh, yeah [T-Pain] Growin up wasn't easy for me For my momma for my daddy, life just wasn't happy at all Started up when I was eight years old And it blew up right behind me, God just couldn't find me no way The way I feel (I feel) just can't compare (compare) Don't wanna be here, God take me there Cause now I'm livin on the road, goin to do show after show My mind free and my eyes closed, I go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D This 850 life is all I know, think I'll go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D My big brother Sheed and Nathaniel, think I'll go back to Ridge Road [T-Pain] Slowin down wasn't even an option So I chose to speed it up - yes I needed love always You would hold me down when things got poppin Had my back in situations, without hesitation fa sho' The way you go (you go) is the way you know (you know) So I guess I'll go, to the studio And even if I'm on the road, goin to do show after show My mind free and my eyes closed, I go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D This 850 life is all I know, think I'll go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D My brother Nadi Black and Dilla-Oh, think I'll go back to Ridge Road [T-Pain] Then I'm gone and you say you miss me Like I never paid attention, never tried to listen to you But now I'm home and you wanna diss me Sayin I don't have no respect, a Leon County reject, no way The way you go (you go) is the way you know (you know) So I guess I'll go, to the studio Cause even if I'm on the road, goin to do show after show My mind free and my eyes closed, I go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D This 850 life is all I know, guess I'll go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D Can't forget about my homeboy Dough, guess I'll go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D This 850 life is all I know, think I'll go back to Ridge Road [repeat 2X] R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D 'Bout to hit for life until I go, guess I'll go back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D Tallahassee the eight-five-oh, guess I'll go back to Ridge Road [Outro] R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D Just in case you didn't now you know, I'm goin back to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D Hollyfield South City yes fa sho', dawg I'm goin to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D 25-15 the ten ten yo, guess I'm goin to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D 25 oh two, the eight-five-oh, guess I'm goin to Ridge Road R-I-D, to the G, to the E, R-O-A-D {*fades out*} Artist: T-Pain f/ Styles P Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: I'm High Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah man, I'll smoke wit'chu, y'knahmsayin? I'm sayin it ain't nuttin y'knahmsayin Ain't shit to me y'knahmsayin it's just like I don't be wantin to get high Cause that shit be lookin like it be havin niggaz y'knahmsayin? That right there, believe it all, ha ha ha, yeah y'all Nah man I, I mean, think it's gettin tired though, no joke f'real What you got on, you got a Swisher? Or, that's a Philly or what? Oh that's a Swisher okay I mean y'know Y'know niggaz rap about Swishers and shit they don't believe in at all, ha ha ha ha Cha-cha-cha-cha-cha-ch'all {*laughing fast*} y'knahmsayin? I hit it man, roll it and... oh you got one? Aight Let me hit that shit man [Styles P] You can knock, on my door but ain't, nobody home I might be there, but I'm gone cause I'm stuck off a zone I'm "Half Baked" like the guy on the couch, I don't get high I'm a grouch So I puff, on my line and be out I call my road dog, pick me up with weed, let's hit the road dawg You blew it with a hood rat, the fuck you break the code for? God damn I think that I'm high, too much haze But I, see my ghost pass within the blink of a eye And them ghetto niggaz, know how it feel I smoke more than a buildin on fire roll more than the wheel I get stuck like a car in the mud, and blow my greens out And call my nigga T-Pain to borrow some buds And then choke, 'til I think I'ma cry, or I think I'ma die Nah dawg, I just think that I'm high, shhh [T-Pain] See I ain't ever smoked befo' So I'ma take two hits and I'ma blowwww my mind away I never thought I'd be gettin high today-ay-hey-ayy Now it's on me again so I take another pull - hooooo! We in the Cadillac, floatin like the ocean Suddenly everything was movin in slow motion So I take another hit, and try to relax I'm beatin on my chest, CJ beatin on my back Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die But I got it, I got it, WHOA~! So I passed the blunt, it came right back to me But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me I don't think I'ma ever open my eyes My homeboy said why? And I said cause I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh Dawg I think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh Dawg I feel like I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh I really think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh [T-Pain] Shit, God damn DAMN~! Please stop by the sto' Cause my, mouth dry and I done ran out of Ho's Oh, them Little Debbies got me lickin my chops But I just, want a drink and Newport shorts in the box Maybe a Swisher Kaing or three, I seen fine behind that want to hang with me, long as I bring the weed I said cool, I'ma ride on through Thirty minutes later we was getting high in the room And then I, take another hit, and try to relax I'm beatin on my chest as God is beatin on my back Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die But I got it, don't touch me I got it, OHH~! I passed the blunt and it came right back to me But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me I don't think I'ma ever open my eyes My homegirl said why? And I said that [Chorus] - change last line to "I probably can't sing cause" [Outro] {*coughing and breathing hard*} Weavin y'all Oh I'm high as fuck dawg Artist: T-Pain f/ Pitbull, Trick Daddy, Youngbloodz Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: I'm Sprung 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I'm sprung Dog she got me! Got me doin things I'll never do If you ain't been, I'm tellin you I'm sprung.. (I'm sprung) Dog she got me! Got me doin things I'll never do If you ain't been, I'm tellin you [Youngbloodz 1 - with "you do" in the background] It's somethin bout'cha that's got me doin things I said I'd never do And I can say I'm amazed The way you put it on me, how you got me chasin you And I could care less, I could give a damn Cause see you my ride or die You're a down ass bitch who don't take no shit Keep it real though and still look fly [Youngbloodz 2] Real talk I'ma tell you out the whip It ain't yo' face and it ain't yo' hips It's how you roll my weed and lick dem lips And, when I dip shawty you don't even trip You give me rubberbands for my grip You the fly bitch steppin up out my whip I'm your nigga girl we like "This done" And when the hook say you got me like dat dere I'm sprung [T-Pain] Oooh she got me doin the dishes Anything she want for some kisses I'm cookin for her when she gets hungry All she do is actin like she want me She cuttin off all my homies Even all my other 'ronies She ain't even my main lady See I been thinkin 'bout it lately Man! She really don't deserve me All she wanna do is hurt me So I gotta get away from her... But now I'm leavin quickly Before she come and try to get me And I'm takin everythang with me When it all come down to her [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Pitbull - with "you do" in the background] Everything about you girl, it drives me wild From your thighs to your eyes to the way you smile I think about you, more than I should You classy, sexy, yeah with a twist of hood I'd love to put this tongue on you fast like Twista would From the front, to the back I wanna make you feel good Let me know baby what you want and how you want it hey You know how boys get down when they from DADE! Pitbull, T-Pain, girl this a G thang Meanin we don't stop 'til we find the G spot Picture us rollin in the seven tray, no top With a 454 block, step on the gas, Like bad coca, step on they ass If they try to stop what we got, come on mayne! You like the blood in my veins, the air in my lungs Bottom line, mami, I'm sprung [T-Pain] Oooh so we went our separate ways It's been a couple of days But now I'm doin what I want to With nobody tellin me what I'm gon' do And I'm feelin so free With nobody but me Now I can handle all my business All of my fellas, can I get a witness But I'm feelin kinda lonely On top of that I'm kinda horny And I gotta get back to her... Now I'm leavin quickly Before she come and try to get me And I'm takin everythang with me When it all come down to her [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Trick Daddy - with "you do" in the background] I ain't never been a sucker for love Never even had a gilrfriend 'til I started fuckin with her Ain't never even knocked her down And she hooked on awards tryin to lock me down With one flick of the tongue I was sprung And we didn't get done 'til fo' or five in the mornin She had me deep in the zone You get a brand new wardrobe but baby you ain't goin home The new Jag and all the Louis bags Chanel and Excata straight from Belle Harbor I told my homeboys I'll holla I got plans for a date, my girl want steaks And she prefer Benihana's We can go from Monday to Sunday, don't even matter 'bout the money I'm stuck on her, never shoulda let her suck on it Shoulda hit her up and sent her home the next mornin [T-Pain] She got me doin, what I won't do Got me sprung and I told you You don't agree with me In the end you'll see that She got you doin, what you won't do Now you're sprung and I told you S-P-R-U-N-G Now you see, she Got you {*4X*} she Got you {*3X*} when it all come down to her [Chorus] w/ "you do" ad libs [AutoTune] When it all come down to her I'm sprung Artist: T-Pain f/ J-Lyriq Album: Epiphany Song: Tallahassee Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Epiphany E-P-I-P-H-A-N-Y Definition one - the manifestation of a supernatural being Definition two - a sudden moment of insight or revelation Marinate on the there Tallahassee love!! They thought I left mayne (OOOOOOOH!) Hahahahahaha Yeah, T, P-A-I-N, let's go man ay T-Pain man, I'm back in this thang You already know what it is (WOOOO!) Hey, Tallahassee got my back though This how it went, ay [T-Pain] I used to hit the stage with my shades on 40 brought me to the West Coast Now it's khaki suits with my shades on I'm on the same shit Game on But on Sundays I'm like Diddy - grown man with one chain on When I come back niggaz see my growth They see my momma's two cars and both of my daddy boats They see the Sean John coats and They see my wife hoppin out the Lamborghini with the Coach bag I'm gettin paid for nuttin Sittin back, drinkin lemonade, chillin in the shade I'm stuntin Makin hits when I graze the button Go ahead and put them two baby seats in my Escalade, it's nuttin I'm gettin money - learned from the past and the future Learned not to never stab a nigga that'll shoot ya Even though my pockets gettin fatter I'm still gettin Tallahassee love and that's all that matters J-Lyriq get 'em [Chorus: J-Lyriq] I've been there, and I've been back But somethin here, always brings me back So when I'm here, I get that {TALLAHASSEE LOVE} If you love me, then I love you My people love it, when I come through So when I do, I get that {TALLAHASSEE LOVE} [T-Pain] It shouldn't have to be like this man I don't know how I did it either man I know you haters hatin this right here boy TALLAHASSEE LOVE Second time around, let's go man! Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Church Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ladies and gentlemen! You already know what it is Okay, yeah Awwwwwwwwwwww shit~! [T-Pain] I'm tryin to run in this motherfucker I'm tryin to anyways Got two hard lookin motherfuckers C'mon I was.. tryin to enjoy my night but you done came here Turned around the vibe I had befo' I came here I done turned into a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you had to fuck up the night Now if we got to fight, I'ma knock out your lights You ain't doin nothin but runnin yo' yap yap You got to go to the trunk cause homeboy I am strapped strapped I done turned into a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you had to fuck up the night Now if we got to fight, I'ma knock out your lights Yo' lil' lady tryin to hold you back you better listen to her She better not talk that shit I'ma have to put somethin straight to her I done turned into a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you had to fuck up the night Now if we got to fight, I'ma knock out your lights - c'mon [Chorus 2X: T-Pain] Yeah - God damm; you thank you cool, you thank I'm not, you thank you tough God damm; you thank you hard, you thank I'm soft, you thank you rough God damm; you talkin shit, better close your lips, you need to hush Befo' the end of the night I'm gon' have to take yo' ass to church [T-Pain] It was.. Sunday at the park I'm chillin tryin to get my swerve on Some little lame tryin to run that game tryin to get his serve on Now I done turned into a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you gotta fuck up the park? I'ma put you in the dark, clap on clap off {*clap clap*} You ain't doin nothin but runnin your piehole You gon' make me do somethin that'll get eye swoll Now I don't want to be a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you gotta fuck up the park? I'ma put you in the dark, clap on clap off {*clap clap*} If that's yo' car you need to go ahead and get into it Better not talk that shit you gon' make me put somethin to it Now I done turned into a rude dude (maaaaaan) Why you gotta fuck up the park? I'ma put you in the dark, clap on clap off {*clap clap*} [T-Pain - repeat 2X] Those niggaz think they hard, so why they think I'm not? Until I pull they card and I show 'em what I got kinda like {*click click, KA-BLAM*} (You don't wanna play around here nah) (You don't wanna play around) [unknown female - 2X] Them bitches think they hard, so why they think I'm not? Until I pull they card and I show 'em what I got kinda like {*click click, KA-BLAM*} (You don't wanna play around here) [Female] You stupid Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Tipsy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Take a sip of this, drink that, now don't it feel good baby? Take a hit of this, take that, now don't it feel good baby? Take a sip of this, drink that, I'ma put you on my hood baby Take a sip of this, drink that... [T-Pain] Shawtyyyyy, ooooooh, yeahhh-yeah-yess Oh-ohhhhhh Hey girl (hey girl) how you doin? Can I get a minute of your time to spit a line or two? (Say girl) I know you ain't feelin me I promise that you take a sip of this you gon' be right here hearin me You givin me (a reason to come back to the club) And I'm feelin like (you feelin like) showin me love And I'm here to get'cha rythym right (girl go and gather yo' crew) (Cause me and my niggaz make it do what it do) And I see, it in your eyes baby (and I) I know I took you by suprise baby (oh yeah) This what you do (go and gather your crew) (Cause me and my niggaz make it do what it do) Now baby girl I ain't tryin to get you drunk I'm just tryin to get you (tipsy enough) And I know that you wouldn't do what you do Unless you get (tipsy enough) In order for me to get you home in the back of my Brougham I need you (tipsy enough) And I know that you wouldn't be the freak that you are Unless you're (tipsy enough) [T-Pain] Hey girl (hey girl) tell me what's crackin I see you watchin wonderin if I'ma come and talk to you (Say girl) I need for you to listen to me closely Girl me and you got a chemistry so let's just keep it movin You givin me (a reason not to leave out this club) And I'm feelin like (let the hood hate out you gon' give me love) And I'm here to change your perspective baby (girl go and gather your crew) (Cause me and my niggaz make it do what it do) And I see, it in your eyes baby (and I) I know I took you by suprise baby (oh yeah) Yeah this what you do (go and gather your crew) (Cause me and my niggaz make it do what it do) [repeat Intro 2X] + "And don't it feel good baby?" on line four Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Show U How Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Oh fo sho' Ay Jaylil - who dat, who dat Who dat girl is over dere? Damn though she can't be a hoe I don't believe it! Fuck that, I'm 'bout to go talk to her OOOH-WEEEEE~! That's right Back at it mayne, okay T-Pain, ay, ay, ay, HEY! [T-Pain] Man I got a thang for a girl that I don't even know (know) E'rybody in the hood say she's a hoe (hoe) But I don't think so (SO?!) I'ma tell you anyway I can turn a hoe into a housewife any day It can even go the other way around That's because of the pimpin from Teddy Penderazdoun UH-OH! Okay here come the manipulation I ain't tryin to please her with my money precipitation Aviatic watch and the aviatic PIECE! Yellow bracelet and the King Johnny TEETH! I can be like "Hey miss lady! I got a black and grey Mercedes I got a Cadillac car and a Cadillac truck" Man but I got a feelin she really don't give a fuck (Really give a fuck) I want to get to know her And if I give her the keys to my crib I'ma sit her down and show her she can Lay down and let me lay wit'chu If you stay around then I'm gonna stay wit'chu Ain't no way I'm leavin girl let's talk about it Come here, I'm gonna show you how to love somebody [T-Pain] She a cool, super duper down-ass bitch If she was a cup of liquor I would down that bitch Like (dun dun dun dun dun dah dahhhh!) Nappy B Queen God damn I done crowned that bitch (BEITCH!) Two weeks and we done fell into it (into it) And ain't nobody have to tell her to do it (do it) I'm askin the questions about befo' me I had to make sure I knew she wasn't a hoe She just lookin fo' a nigga that can treat her like Pain (Pain) Take her to the movies, buy her brand new thangs But niggaz treat her like OH SKEET SKRRRR! Never heard of 'em Ripping up a phone number, never heard a word from 'em (hello?_ But she ain't got to worry about them niggaz Live life shawty you can do without them niggaz Ay, but what can I say? Tell them kiss yo' ass Cause at the end of the day you got a place to [T-Pain - repeat 2X] Don't listen to them, they just jealous of you and me I care less 'bout what you did, that ain't got nuttin to do with me I'm in love, you are too, so let's do what we do And baby girl I'ma show you how to love somebody [Chorus] - 2X Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Suicide Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] The world keeps spinnin, with or without me And I know... that's hard to believe And now I'm in a box, with nothin around me Cause I found.... a girl that'll get on her knees.. at ease And all the while I'm knowin that my homies will clown me Cause I fucked her... and didn't have a rubber on me It seems, I had to find out the hard way That the girl, that I found, in the crowd, she had H-I-V And now she next to me like La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la (suicide) La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la (suicide) La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la (suicide) La-la-la, la-la, la, la lah, la-la-la [T-Pain] One, two, three, fo', five, six million ways To leave... this whole wide world so cold Stuck on my ass I been drinkin for days And I got the NEVER... to put that Bonneville on the road (no) Got that thang on me, and a couple kilos A bag of ecstasy... and a pound of that dro, WHOA~! But I guess, I had to find out the hard way Cause I done came, to the +End of the Road+ And now I'm in the mirror like [Outro] La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la La-la-la, la-la, la, la lah, la-la-la... Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon Album: Epiphany Song: Bartender Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Yeah.. uh-huh.. Yeah.. yeah.. [T-Pain] Broke up with my girl last night so I went to the club Put on a fresh white suit and the Mini Coop' sittin on dubs I'm just lookin for somebody to talk to and show me some love If you know what I mean... uh-huh E'rybody jockin as soon as I stepped in the spot Two hundred bitches and I'm bettin ain't none of them hot Ecept for this pretty young thing that was workin all the way at the top Shawty what is your name? Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk 'em, got drunk And then I think, she thinks I'm cool She gave me a wink, I winked back, and then I think that We hit it off somethin proper like [Chorus: T-Pain] I like the bartender (oh if you're lookin for me) I'm at the bar, with her (uh-huh, okay) I like the bartender (yeah, if you're lookin for me) I'm at the bar with her (ohhh uh-huh, okay) [T-Pain] Got a brand new girl so I'm feelin all good inside Feel like I put some brand new 24's on a brand new ride Triple shot of Patron on the rocks with a lil' bit of lime I'm just keepin it real... uh-huh Baby still workin at the club so I'm gettin in free Wednesday night I'm on the list T-Pain plus three E'ry time I hit the spot babygirl taking care of me How do you think I feel? Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk 'em, got drunk And then I think, she thinks I'm cool She gave me a wink, I winked back, and then I think that We gon' have fun at my spot tonight [Akon] Shorty I'm sure you heard that I rarely ever come out Unless I'm in the M6 doin tricks freeway burnt out Got a passenger side that's empty wantin it to be yo' spot Put you on my Billboard we can act like the charts I can end up on top Don't smoke, don't drink, that's why I don't be by the bar baby Just lookin at you from a distance, lookin like a God damn star baby So my girl don't see me T-Pain, can I get those keys to the car? 'Bout to go and bang bang boogie with my cutie and I'll see you tomorr' [T-Pain] Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk 'em, got drunk And then I think, she thinks I'm cool She gave me a wink, I winked back, and then I think that We gon' have fun at my spot tonight Artist: T-Pain f/ Shawnna Album: Epiphany Song: Backseat Action Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] OHHH! OHHH! I'm about to pull over, and give you the business Holla at me (OOOH) can I get a witness? Now here we go - hmm, hmm, hmm Here we go - hmm, hmm, hmm [T-Pain] Baby~! I've been waitin for you to come home Cause I done cleared off the backseat cleaned the top, and put some new 24's on the Brougham Lately~! I've been waitin to try something new Cause we done did every last one of yo' fantasies But we ain't did nothin I wanna do Cause we done did in in the elevator (been there, done that) Now it's time to do it my way (I know you want that) And pullin your hair, won't even compare to what I'm 'bout to do to you on this highway [Chorus One: T-Pain] I'm talkin 'bout that backseat action (ohhh) Out in the middle of the traffic (ohhh) 'Bout to pull over, and give you the business Holla at me (OOOH) can I get a witness? Now here we go [Chorus Two: Shawnna - repeat 2X] Here we go, back and forth (hmm) Break it down, or take it slow (hmm) Take control, make it last (hmm) Break it down, now here we go (here we go) [T-Pain] Shawty~! you can call me whenever you need Workin in the Excursion, kissin in the Expedition like yes indeed! Baby~! It's all gravy - it's all good Cause we gon' need to open up the back do' and let your legs out or I'ma put you right on the hood I've been down like an elevator (been there, done that) I know you like to do it my way (I know you want that) And pullin your hair, won't even compare to what I'm 'bout to do to you on this highway [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Shawnna] Face down, ass up - that's the way I like it rough Cloud it up, back it up - driver's seat to the passenger Back to the back, all in the act - smack, smack, smack, smack Shinin like that that good old kid, hands on the window foot on the wheel Face in the seat, wait for the beat, rockin 'n rockin 'n makin it squeak Stop, stop, stop, stop - what'chu gon' do? Somebody might see So make it fast, take it slow Break it down and make it roll Take control, make it swoll Now one mo' time cause here we go [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Put it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Ayy... whassup girl? What took you so long to get over here? Tchk, stop playin, hehehe... who? Don't worry about if I carry 'em around If I didn't have one you would be mad Don't worry about that I got that, ehehe T-Pain! Ay [T-Pain] Baby give me a reason so I can touch it how I want to And make love to you how them other lame niggaz want to Go on girl what you gon' do On my nappy head you can pull with my nappy dreads if you want to Shawty I'ma put it on you And make you thank that you the girl that I be sangin all my songs to You got me thankin that me and you into drankin Into sippin that Patron that woulda been done got it on boo But for now we could just sit, and chill You never had love makin like this, for real Come on baby it's just, appeal Now take it down slow, let me take it down low, let's go (let's go) So you know it's about to go down now Speed it up baby can't slow down now Tell ya closet freak she can come out now Why you think they call me Teddy Penderazdoun? [Chorus: T-Pain] And now I know.. you didn't expect me to go low Now you know (let's go) From the top to bottom, and now that I got you I'ma stick stick stick stick, ooh I'ma stick stick stick stick, ooh Now I know... you didn't expect me to just turn you 'round, spread it out, and put it down From the top to the bottom, and now that I got you I'ma stick stick stick stick, ooh I'ma stick stick stick stick, ooh [T-Pain] You got a nigga on swoll like a T-Pain show in Tallahassee Never put that ass on hold I'm too nasty Don't never underestimated T-Pain You shoulda known when I was bitin on your belly button chain That you 'bout to receive some of that guitar tongue Tryin to tell me like you don't want none Tryin to sit up in the bed tryin to act all calm Actin like it ain't good tryin to hold that cum But you know that I'm the best, you know you Teddy Verset' This the first ten minutes, you ain't feel shit yet I got the whips, I got the chain, I got the handcuffs too But ain't none of that for me, I'm 'bout to handcuff you That's the freaky shit I keep on skeetin shit that leave you leakin shit That take her ass back to the church preacher and deacon shit I'm beatin it, let's try +Computer Love+, I keep deletin it I'm fuckin on the dresser, the bedroom floor, and the sheets and shit [Interlude: T-Pain] What'chu doin? Take your pants off Not that fast, do it slower You gon', you gon' kill the, ruin the mood Move your hand, lemme see [T-Pain] Baby girl whydon'tcha let a, nigga slide in them guts My little man wanna hide them guts I'ma take my {*tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick*} Time with them guts And baby girl when I'm in them guts You ain't got to worry 'bout yo' man cause I bet he can't do it like me (nope, nope) Bet he can't do it like me (nope, nope) [Chorus] - 2/3X Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Time Machine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Ya, yeaah, ay-yeah Tebunan {*echoes*} Pedalophagus {*echoes*} From the planet Telegusa, ya [T-Pain] Illudium Pew-36 explosive space modulator Goin on a trip, I'll be back home, boy I'll see you later Goin back to a time when I know everything was straighter And everything's great now but back then it was greater And I don't need no clothes I go in just what I'm wearin Matter fact I just go back to what I used to wear then No matter how bad the weather, everything back then was just so better I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine [Chorus 2X: T-Pain] Back back back back back back back back in time I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine [T-Pain] Yeah, goin back to a time when this music shit was more than business Back to a time when I knew my niggaz was down and if they still is And I didn't have to worry 'bout what I got on when I go outsizzide And I didn't have to worry 'bout what kind of car I got when I rizzide And I didn't have to have 22's, 24's or 26's And I didn't have to be forever surrounded by a million bitches No matter how bad my life was, I still got love no matter how mad my wife was I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine [Outro: T-Pain] Back back back back back back back back in time Simple thing Back back back back back back back back in time It's a simple thing; buildin a time machine Artist: T-Pain f/ Tay Dizm Album: Epiphany Song: Yo Stomach Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (Six-pack!) Some people like thighs {ayy-yeah} (Fo'-pack!) Some people like backs {yeahhh} (Six-pack!) Some people like booty {ayy-yeah} (Fo'-pack!) Ain't nothin wrong with that {yeahhh} (Six-pack!) Ain't nothin mo' groovy (Fo'-pack!) Then when that stomach movig yeah It's the reason that I'm singin this song Because I ain't got nothin else to bust a nut on {Ohhh-hoo-ohhh-ho-hoooo} Whoa whoa whoa whoa-ohhh Yeah! [T-Pain] Tight in the front, fat in the back, that's the way I like it My fire's ignited, I love it when she ride it Cause I can see the part of her that I love the most I know they're feelin me from coast to coast Cause I like that tank top... that cut off shirt Man I like everythang, that show that belly rang (yeah) Them crunches just got me punchin the wall And the pilates got that body lookin good in them bust short drawers But that stomach, yeah (whoahh) and you don't know [Chorus: T-Pain] Shorty got that six-pack, fo'-pack you already know that I'm in love with yo' stomach Lay on your back you already know that I'm in love with yo' stomach Six-pack, fo'-pack you already know that I'm in love with yo' stomach It's the reason that I'm singin this song Cause nothin else turns me on like yo' stomach Whoa whoa whoa whoa-ohhh [T-Pain] Oooh I like the way it move when she do only when she dances Got your boy thinkin 'bout gettin in them pants Feelin like y'all bought some brand new J's She make me wanna throw some D's on her - okay~! Man I like that tank top, but I'm about to take it off I should be payin money, I'm a have her walkin funny Them crunches just got me punchin the wall And the pilates got that body lookin good in the mall short drawers But that stomach, yeah (whoahh) no, no, no! [Tay Dizm] Gal! Tay Dizm, I got it, Tay Dizm I got a bad little roni and you already know And I'm addicted to the way that she make her stomach roll 5'6 and she thick and lil' momma lovin this dick And all the sex and the love that we makin it be the shhhh She got me on that sprung, and she not on that dumb One that I'm seriously thankin of settlin down with But could it be my mind playing tricks on me, she got me excited The way that she move her stomach put my mind back in Hawaii I never been a freaky type, but yo' stomach's lookin right Ay gal, ay gal, ay ay! Artist: T-Pain f/ Yung Joc Album: Epiphany Song: Buy You a Drank (Shawty Snappin') Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro: Yung Joc (T-Pain)] (Shawty snap) T-Pain  (Damn, shawty snap) Young Joc  (Shawty snap) Hey hey, she snappin' Uh she snappin' Shawty snappin' Shawty snappin' [T-Pain] Snap ya fingers, do the step  You can do it all by yourself  Baby girl, what's your name? Let me talk to ya, let me buy you a drink  I'm T-Pain, you know me  Konvict Music, Nappy Boy, ooh wee  I know the club close at 3  What's the chances of you rollin' with me  Back to the crib, show you how I live  Let's get drunk, forget what we did  [Hook: T-Pain]  I'ma buy you a drank  I'ma take you home with me  I got money in the bank  Shawty what'chu think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac  We in the bed like ooh, ooh ohh, ooh, ooh  We in the bed like ooh, ooh ooh, ooh, ooh  [T-Pain] Talk to me, I talk back  Let's talk money, I talk that  Crunk juice bombs, Oakley shades  Shawty got class, oh behave  Let's get gone, walk it out (now walk it out)  Just like that, that's what I'm talkin 'bout  We gon' have fun, you gon' see On that Patrn, you should get like me  [Hook] [Yung Joc]  Won't you meet me at the bar, respect big pimpin' Tell me how you feel, mama tell me what you sippin' A certified dime piece, deserve Louie 1-3 150 a shot, three for you and three for me  I'm checkin yo body language, I love the conversation  And when you lick your lips I get a tinglin' sensation  Now we're both 'bout tipsy, you say you in the mood  All I need is 'bout a hour, better yet maybe two  Let me take you where I live, Ferrari switch gears  When I whisper in ya ear, ya legs hit the chandelier Passion fruit and sex all in the atmosphere  I'ma let T-Pain sing it so he can make it clear  [Hook] [Break] 2X Let's get gone, walk it out  (Now walk it out, think about it, aw snap)  Now rock rock rock rock  You can do it all by yourself  [Hook] Artist: T-Pain f/ J-Lyriq Album: Epiphany Song: 69 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] In the back of my Lan-coln with the suicide doors Ehh, uh-huh, hahaha T-Pain, J-Lyriq, Nappy Boy Hit me on my hotline, while I'ma slob on the 9 So as I.. ohhh, lowwww Baby that is alright with me (yeahhh-yeahh-a777-yeah) YEAH! (Y'all know you gotta clap your hands to this mayne) In the back of my Lan-coln with the suicide doors (C'mon clap this one of my classics) (Don't act like you don't know) (Oh man, it's indiverous) Baby that is alright with me [T-Pain] I know you waitin fo' daddy it won't be long shawty Be patient cause I'm flyin to you Ridin dirty down Orange Avenue Maybe I'm comin after you to do a 69 with you Baby girl - I've been doin tongue exercises And girl - I'm thinkin 'bout that booty and them thighs and them curls - you know that I love your brown hair I got you up here, you just handle me shawty Baby let's do a 69 (shawty) In the back of my Lan-coln with the suicide doors Sayin time for a 69, baby that is alright with me Baby let's do a 69 (shawty) Hit me on my hotline, while I'ma slob on the 9 So that's a soft, 69, baby that is alright with me [J-Lyriq] I know you want it baby, I'm sorry to keep you waitin Don't worry I'ma do what I do Got me zoomin all in this rain, tryin to find where you stay To put this 69 on you Girl I got plans, to use my hands, and I ain't playin wit'chu I'ma give it to you straight rub from front to back shawty side to side Go down on me baby then show me how you ride [T-Pain] When she was suckin on me, well I was lickin on her I got so into it, I spreaded that booty so wide I can tell that she was with it by the look in her eyes When I was kissin on her, and she was suckin on me I just wanted to get into it, cause shawty got so into it I'm glad that she do it for free (shawty) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro] Yeah yeah yeah Artist: T-Pain f/ Cham, Kardinal Offishall Album: Epiphany Song: Shottas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Cham] Wah-RAH!! T-Pain, ya boy Cham Wah-RAH!! Blaze it up unda Cham ya hear me? Fire, fire, RAH!! Fire, fire.. Yo, yo, yo [Verse One: T-Pain] Number one shotta Bad man make the girls shake like maracas M-16 bust and take your whole top off Real deal 'ear me now don't fuck with the knockoff Push it to the limit I receive in the dropoff Ah-ha, no Pop it off for the 8-5... oh More fire! Let the flow the stick... blow {?} Realla-dealla-gonna-trinity-gilla-woyyyyyyyy {?} [Chorus: T-Pain] They just don't bother me noooo As I pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh Uh-oh-uh-oh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh-oh Uh-oh-oh, uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh Me say JUMP! Me say STOP! Pop! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh [Verse Two: Kardinal Offishall] Bad boy Kardinal, leader of de session Black GS pop it if we need an intervention Murder all these likkle soundbwoys in succession Niggaz ain't eatin; it's a Konvict procession Gettin paid to shut down the show is my profession Fuck keepin it easy I am not about aggression Approach if you want but use your discretion When I crush rappers careers they get left inna depression You betta stand clear when the mic's in my possession And I bust every year cause that's my obsession It's all T, Don T-Pain, Kardinal expression Black J's fire like a black Smith & Wesson Ya dead mon! [Cham] Bust it in the ear, make dem 'ear pom pom! Policeman dem here, we no kyare, pom pom! Pop it off and bust it over here pom pom! Let them 'ear pom pom! Let them 'ear pom pom! Rrahh! You see me comin man, better get runnin man Cause when you see me, you gon see me with my gun in hand Don't be a dummy man, we makin money man Boy we keep it GULLY, GULLY, GULLY Tell dem fools dem need to just shut up Row-knee or Informer boys get beat up Keep on chantin and we KICK your two nut up Find you inna PIECES your whole body cut up Yo king shut up, scared bwoy this how get done up Tough to argue, know dis lift your son up Forty-five caliber will make your skin burn up Make your skin burn up, make your skin burn up Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Right Hand Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Okay Oooh-oo-oo-oo-oooh Yeah... Yeah, yeah... Oooh-oo-oo-oo-oooh Yeah.... [T-Pain] Baby (sit down) I got something that I need to say (right now) Before the rumors spread and make their way (around town) I thought I'd be a man and tell you first But I know its got to hurt, baby please let me explain (Let me explain) It happened all the sudden out of control (ohhhh) She had my heart and would not let it go (go-ohhhh) I'm not tryin to say that it was okay But that I didn't do it But I gotta tell the truth (the whole truth) with my right hand up (Cause I don't wanna lose you) It's time to man up (I just gotta be the one to tell you) Baby believe me when I say, you don't wanna find out the hard way [T-Pain] Baby (if I) woulda never seen her walkin down the block I probably would have not, pulled over and asked her if she needed (a ride) but I noticed she had makeup on her eyes Then she started to cry I said baby please explain (please explain) She said her man put his hands on her, he was outta control (Outta control) And she really needs someone to hold and not let go And then she looked into my eyes just like you do Then I imagined she was you [T-Pain] Baby now I wish that I, was a magician and I could make all of this disappear And baby I wish that I, could go back in time And trust me baby, we wouldn't be here (we just wouldn't be here) But you've been so good to me, how could I do this to you? And I never meant to hurt you, how can I prove it to you? I'm just tryin to say what's been on my mind Cause it hurts you Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Sounds Bad Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Mmm, mmm-mmm-mmm I wanna dedicate this to my strugglin bro Keep pushin on, keep pushin on Yeah! [T-Pain] First of the month.. check late Got nothin to do (and nothin to do) I'ma roll me a blunt.. got drank Call me a hoe or two (yeah) Now I know that it sound like I'm livin on the edge Oooh ooh ooh, only ye ain't hear the worst Got the whole house running on the generator No good food in my frig-i-dator Damn, and I'm late for work [Chorus: T-Pain] Don't that sound bad, horrible? No inspiration, no goals I know it sound like, I wanna die And I know I'm so miserable but this just so happens to be The best day of my life [T-Pain] Now I don't wanna confuse you, hurtin on the inside But I won't let you see (and I won't let you see) That's why every little dollar, and every little penny Goes to puttin a outfit on me Cause I'ma stay fresh to death, dressed to impress the rest You know how I do it when I do it I'ma show you how to do it so you can do it for somebody else But I still that house on the generator No good food in my frig-i-dator Damn, and I'm late for work [T-Pain] My life, mmm Bottle of Patron, big cup of ice Drink, drink, drink; drink, drink, drink Ain't talkin 'bout that bullshit I'm talkin like a newspaper I'm talkin 'bout the newspaper full of weed, like the whole thang And I'ma roll it up and smoke it (this ice gooder than a muh'fucka) Hey, hit this! Please hit this And really let you think about you And in the end, you gotta let me do what I do [Chorus] - 3X with ad libs (repeats start at "horrible") [Outro: T-Pain] Yeah!! Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Calm the Fuck Doun Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Ohhhhhhhhh {oooh} yeah {yeahhh} Ohhhhhhhhh {oooh} yeah [T-Pain] I don't know (I don't know) Hoes say I'm doin nothin But it's somethin no matter what I do You can go (you can go) Ooo-ooh pack them bags and run it Get the money girl it's all up to you I can stay or (stay or) frown with all this fussin And this arguin and cussin at me Go away or (away or) Hundreds down to fifties When them twenties get to bustin you'll see [Chorus 2X: T-Pain] Baby girl I'm not gon' take all of this Fussin and hollerin, throwin and tossin shit around (And you best not throw them) pots and them pans in here I'm the man in here, you better calm the fuck down [T-Pain] Oooooh now I know (now I know) All your friends want me and you to break up To (to make up) It's for sure (it's for sure) Oooooh they just player haters Commentators and them hoes should just (face up) Cause we in love (love) They don't want to see us happy Walkin talkin doin our thang But hold up (up) You can't disrespect me Bitch get out and give me back all my change [T-Pain] Now I see (now I see) That you and me Shouldn't be (shouldn't be) Oooooh it's the end Cause you gon' let yo' friends tell you how to live Oooooh now I see (now I see) That you and me Shouldn't be (shouldn't be) Oooooh now it's the end Cause you gon' let let yo' friends tell you how to live And baby girl [Outro: T-Pain] Ohhhhhhhhh oooooooh Ooooooooooh-ooooooh Oooh oooh oooh oooh Ooooooooooooooooooh... YOU BETTA GET OUTTA MY FACE, BITCH~! Artist: T-Pain Album: Epiphany Song: Let the Bass Drop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain speaking softly] Ahhh, ahh.. yeah~! Feel good baby? Turn the lights off Turn the TV off... STOP Don't do that [T-Pain] We're in the bed.. and we both know what time it is, yeah Ain't no use in playin with it In my head.. waitin fo' the perfect time to Drop that bass on you What'cha think about it? How does it feel baby? [T-Pain] I know you like it You can't do nothin but ride with it (c'mon) yeah Why is my hand touchin yo' leg I need to wait for the right time to [T-Pain] You think it's cool (yeah) You think it's cool, so do I Now if it's.. one thing I've gotta do, to you I'm not leavin out this room until I [T-Pain] But what if I go down, and further down And further down, and further down, and further down To yo' belly chain - psych! (I'm just playin) But what I'd I go down and further down And further down, and further down, and further down Make you say my name - twice! (Yeah) Now you can try to, fight it if you wanna But I'm tellin ya baby, this feelin is uncontrollable And this is the first time for us, so trust, that it's a must That I... [T-Pain] Take your clothes off (undress yourself) Go 'head and show off, what'cha got Look at that, pretty face on ya, and slim waist on ya Girl ya make wanna (what you gonna do?) [T-Pain] Sheeit! Excuse my language baby But all I can say is - shit! Ahh.. ooh when I drop that bass on you What'cha think about it? Feels so good baby... now [T-Pain] Nah, we don't need one It feels so good without one, don't worry about it [T-Pain] Ahhhh I think it's 'bout that time Drop that bass on you What'cha think about it? Feels so good baby... yeah Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Welcome to Thr33 Ringz Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*circus music, then applause*} [Intro] Hit this shorty man {*inhale*} I gotta do this shit every night man I'm so sick of this circus shit So sick, listen to this, everybody clappin an' shit This nigga sangin and shit, cause he the ringleader (Why you say all that shit nigga?) I'm just sayin, this nigga think he the ringleader an' shit Fuck that motherfucker! (I know one thing, if muh'fuckin Pain knew we was out here) (smokin in his Cadillac right outside the tent, this nigga'd be mad as fuck) Maaaaaan, man fuck Pain, fuck this clown shit I can't be a clown (God damn nigga!) (I'm sayin I gotta do what I gotta do) Fuck that nigga I can't be a clown (I got kids nigga) Nigga all we perform for is kids, fuck this shit~! (This what we do nigga) {HEY!! HEY!! Nigga get your shit together we doin a brand new show tonight} {You niggaz stop smokin in my fuckin Cadillac...} [T-Pain] Thr33 Ringz, class clown jump, third time around y'all If I was just to step in the ring, and out of the box Would everybody be on my... or will I stop Say hello to my lil' friend, hey, styles change up like Lil' Kim Fake, I let my heat swing, T-Pain so active homey The way the beat bump niggaz try to get Proactiv on me (DAAAMN!) But I done +cleared+ the rumors E'rything in the open, now you know how big the room is Tell 'em what the truth, they can't handle it They thank a nigga's slicker than a mayonnaise sandwich Uhh, but they be like g-g-g-God damn it, pause! This nigga pockets fatter than Santa Clause (OHHHHHH~!) This nigga career big like some granny drawers Had to get a piano to put his Grammy on Yeah Ferrari, Bentley, Escalade Beemer, Bentley Coupe, cut the checks, let's get paid Fuck a Vette, make it rain, Lamborghini I don't cover shit up like a transfer-tini I give a damn if you see me I'ma did what I does I ain't doin shit wrong like I'm kissin my cousin I know you wanna hear somethin different Ain't you tired of his shit! Ain't you curious about this shit Even if you picked the shit up from a distance At least stand still for a second and listen I'm tellin you now it ain't a thing I got the bling bling of a rapper but I sing so welcome to Thr33 Ringz! Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Ringleader Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*harmonizing for the first 15 seconds*} [T-Pain] Heyyyy! We gon' have a ripping good time Just hit, rewind And you can see I'm far too crazy My rhythms and rhymes Keep niggaz in line Cause now, is not the time, to be lazy I'm the ringleader man A cane in my head And a iced out top hat on my head Ain't you tired of that whackness Sick of this whack shit Wouldn't you like some of me instead? The ringleader man! This is my story kids I'm workin I can flip this whole game with one hand The ringleader man I knowww, it's a fact that you'd rather just have some of me instead The ringleader man Hehe... the ringleader man Hehe... [T-Pain] Heyyyy~! This industry is my circus I know that it hurts just sit back and take pain like I used to And I'm tryin to stop cursin but, I don't give a fuck  I'm gon' curse you with lyrical voodoo I'm the ringleader man You cain't understand The shit that comes out of my head But you like all that whackness Lovin all that whack shit I'd rather just say fuck you instead The ringleader man! Artist: T-Pain f/ Ludacris Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Chopped N Skrewed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Yayyy! Yeah-yeahhh Whoahhhhhhhh Uhh, now, now shorty Now, now, now shorty Now-now, now shorty don't chop me, shorty don't screw me Shorty don't chop me, shorty don't screw me Shorty don't chop me, shorty don't screw me Yeahhhh, yeahhh yeahhh [T-Pain] Have you ever seen a dimepiece all alone at the mall (mall, mall) Straight out of a magazine and you just wanna let her know who you are (are, are) So you say "Let me buy you a drink or a lil' conversation if that's what you wanna do" (do, do) Then she says "Love is about to end" Then you say "Why don'tcha come to my crib?" Then she says "I can't leave my friends" Now you've officially been chopped and screwed Screwed screwed, chopped-chopped and screwed You've officially been ('dands-dand) skrewed (Dand) 'ewed, 'ewed, chopped, screwed-screwed  You've officially been chopped and screwed (Dand-dand) screwed, chopped screwed-screwed You've officially been s--c--r--e--w--e--d Screwed, screwed-screwed, chopped-chopped and screwed You've officially been ('dands-dand) skrewed [Interlude: T-Pain slowed way down] + {T-Pain ad libs} Shorty don't chop me, shorty don't screw me {Yes~!} Shorty-shorty don't chop me, shorty don't screw me {Chopped and screwed} Shorty-shorty don't chop me, shorty-shorty don't screw me {Hey yeahh} Shorty don't chop me, don't-don't screw me [T-Pain] Have you ever been in the V.I.P. room of your favorite strip club? (club, club) And you got a shawty all on you kissin all on yo' neck Makin you feel like she's so in love (love, love) Now you done got you a couple drinks and you're feelin like it's 'bout that time to cut her up (up, up) Then you say "Shawty, what's really up?" She takes a big sip out your cup And says "That'll be sixty bucks!" [Chorus] - first half only [Ludacris] Luda-Luda! Hahahaha Now-now-now shawty why you actin like that, like that like all you ever really wanna do is just doubt me Ludacris, Pain-Pain live without 'em But even mo' I bet you really can't live without me You-you musta flipped yo' wig You've gotta be out yo' mind I'll chop-chop-chop you, screw you screw you, outta yo', outta yo' spine Backbreaker, put you over my knee Put you on punishment woman and spank you Have you praisin the Lord like THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU, Lord I wanna THANK YOU (JESUS~!) But have you ever met a woman that'll lead you on and steer you wrong instead of please you? (Yup!) Have you singin this song, cause all night long she do nothin but flirt and tease you? (Yup!) Well I gotta admit that I have Put one in the air, sit back and I'll laugh Shawty why you insist on doin me that bad? Probably cause of the amount of booty that I've grabbed comin back to haunt me So instead of bein put into submission and subdued (What happened?) Guess what? {Dawg} [Interlude] {"me" repeated and screwed to end} Artist: T-Pain f/ Chris Brown Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Freeze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Hehe, I get it down on the dance flo' Watch this, hey! You don't even know girl Eh-heh, a-whoahh-ahhhhh-oahhh Heh, c'mere [T-Pain] You know what I do (do) if you can do it too (too) Then that's just somethin that makes me more attracted to you And I, and I... wanna see you break it down, for me (ha) Yes, we in this private (party) girl I like your body (body) But can you tic, tic, tic, tic, tic, tic, pop lock and drop it Cause I, and I... wanna see you break it down, for me - watch this [Chorus: T-Pain] Girl I've been waitin all night to see you dance like me And you gonna sweat your outfit out tryin to dance like me Now let me see you (ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah) Now freeze~! Like me, ooh now {*beatboxing and skatting*} Shorty! [T-Pain] Girl I want a battle, meet me downstairs Bring yo' dancing shoes and something to tie you hair Cause I, cause I'm... about to break it down, on you I see you wit'cha friends, you don't wanna get embarrassed I know you see my bling, bling, check out the karats Cause I, I'm... 'bout to break it down, on you [Chris Brown] + (T-Pain) Girl lets get it poppin (crackin) tell me how you feel (feel) Lets get up on this floor and do this thing for real (woo!) Cause we (we) you and me (me) can really break it down, together Watch me slide on ya (on ya) watch me ride on ya (on ya) You ain't gotta say it; you think I'm fly, don'tcha? Cause we (we) you and me (me) can really break it down Ohh ohh, ohh ohh, ooh ohh! [Chris Brown] Yeah Lamborghini breezy Or "Graffiti" breezy Hehehe, it's easy Hey!! I just want you to.. relax And now my ladies pop-poppin Drop-droppin 1-2-3-4, FREEZE~! Ha Artist: T-Pain f/ Ciara Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Blowing Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] + (Ciara) Ahhh (ahhh) ha (hahhh) Nappy Boy... {*both harmonizing*} [T-Pain] You get me so enegetic Everything's copacetic Slide with a nigga I'm so electric And baby girl you can bet it all And ain't got to sweat it Go home, put on that dress let's go out there'll be no more stressin And girl tonight I'm gon' be yo' dog [Ciara] Ohhhhhh, I like it You know I'm the type to have fun Slow wind it You can jump on in if you want [T-Pain] Baby girl, don't fight it You know tonight is your night and We can go use it, don't abuse it cause you're like techno music [C] Electronica [T] Baby let's do this [C] Boy I want to love [T-Pain] + (Ciara) I got to be real girl, I don't feel like growin up The bartender fillin up my cup If you lookin for love, girl you're in luck Cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) Bartender fillin up my cup cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) ... I'm blowin up [Ciara] Whassup with that good connection I got one simple question Can I be on your guest list And boy tonight we gon' get it on Oooh I feel like this is destined to happen, relaxin Enjoy what we got crackin Because we got somethin special goin on [T-Pain] Ooohhhh, I like it You know I'm the type to have fun Slow wind it Girl don't try to fight what you want [Ciara] Oooh baby boy don't try it You know tonight is your night and We can go use it, don't abuse it cause you're like techno music [C] Electronica [T] Baby let's do this [C] Boy I want to love [T-Pain] + (Ciara) I got to be real girl, I don't feel like growin up The bartender fillin up my cup If you lookin for love, girl you're in luck Cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) Bartender fillin up my cup cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) ... I'm blowin up [C] Okay [T] Whassup C-C? [C] I better be on the guest list [T] You already know you are, what's happenin ma? [C] Because [T] Whassup? [C] I gotta get my hair done [T] I got you, what else? [C] I'ma get my nails done [T] I got you, what else~?! [C] And I gotta be fresh too [T] Alright c'mon baby [C] Okay [T] Yeah!! [T-Pain] Ooohhhh, I like it You know I'm the type to have fun Slow wind it Girl don't try to fight what you want [Ciara] Oooh baby boy don't try it You know tonight is your night and We can go use it, don't abuse it cause you're like techno music [C] Electronica [T] Baby let's do this [C] Boy I want to love [T-Pain] + (Ciara) I got to be real girl, I don't feel like growin up The bartender fillin up my cup If you lookin for love, girl you're in luck Cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) Bartender fillin up my cup cause I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) I'm blowin up (blowin up) ... I'm blowin up {*echoes*} Artist: T-Pain f/ Lil Wayne Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Can't Believe It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [T-Pain - Intro] *grunts* She make me feel so GOOD.. Better than I would by myself or.. if I was with somebody else You don't understand She make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah [Verse One] Uh, I can put you in a log, cabin.. somewhere in Aspen Gurl, ain't nuttin to the Pain, ain't trickin if you got it, what you askin.. forrr? Put you in a mansion, somewhere in Wis-canson Like I said, ain't nuttin to the Pain, we can change the last name, what's hap'nin? 'Cause you look so GOOOOD, tell me why you wanna work here I put you on the front page of the King magazine but you ogn' get yo'self hurt here Huh, 'ey! Baby, I bought you in the back just to have a conversation Really thank you need some ventilation Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee [Chorus 2X] Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! [Interlude] Man you don't understand, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah  Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah She hit the main stage, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah (yeah) Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah (yeah), yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah [Verse Two] I can put you in the condo, all the way up in TOronto Baby, put you in a fur coat, ridin the Murcilago I put you in the beach house, right on the edge of Costa Rica Put one of them lil' flowers in your hair, have you lookin like a fly mamacita - fuego 'Cause you look so GOOOOD, you make me wanna spend it all on ya Get up out this club, slide wit ya boy and we can do what you wanna - yeaaah Baby, I bought you in the back, 'cause you need a lil' persuasion Plus you need a lil' ventilation Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee [Chorus 2X] [Interlude] [Lil Wayne] She make the people say.. Ah, she make the people say.. T-Wayne, yah! Now I can put'cho ass out, ohhh keep runnin yo' mouth, hehe And if yo brothers keep trippin, I'ma show 'em what these teardrops 'bout Hehe, shawty I was just playin, ohhh but I can take you to the Caymen, Islands Have you screamin, and hollerin when we makin - love on the beach The people see what we doin Aww, they pointin and ooh'in Ohh, but we gon' keep on doin, it like it's just me and you and no one else around It went down on the balcony and I ain't talkin {?} penthouse suite Shawty like a model out the Penthouse sheets That's why I got her on my penthouse sheets and oh I can't believe it.. [Chorus 2X, w/ Lil Wayne saingin with him] [Interlude] Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon, T.I. Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: It Ain't Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Yeahhh! Yeahhhh [Intro: T.I.] Ayy, it's for all my cats man Have you ever been in the club and have a chick run up on you and kinda tell you to buy her a drink homey? I mean, it ain't what I can do, it what I will do~! And attitude is everythang, y'knahmsayin? I mean, a chick who ask for nothin'll get everythang The chick who ask for everythang'll get nothin Pain, why don't you talk to these motherfuckin broke bitches for a minute Would you? [T-Pain] You may want a man with some consideration (consideration) determination (determination) A lil' conversation (how you doin baby?) And you might want a man who just ain't straight up nasty (straight up nasty) from Tallahassee (yes I hate five-oh) You're far too classy (far too classy) So you might want a man who's got a job (job) car (car) clothes (clothes) jewelry (jewelry) Girl that just ain't foolin me to you (no) to you (no) Think that I'm that easy shorty, it can't go that breezy shorty Find another dude cause it ain't me [Chorus: T-Pain] Put you in the Range, buy you expensive thangs It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me No way, no how, uh-uh It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me Ice out all your fingers, take you out and make you famous It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me No way, no how, uh-uh It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me [Akon] I know you thought you had a sugar daddy Plan to treat me like a herb Take my money cause I'm attractive then kick me off to the curb Kind in fancy restaurants Eating expensive hors d'oeuvres How I'm gon' let you get it all like that without the big lip girl that's my word And if you wanna ride, then I just can't let it slide If you plan to get me for all I got You could start by spendin the night Otherwise let me see yo' head get small Less you're here to make the head get tall If not go on get lost cause that ain't me (If not go on get lost cause that ain't me) [T.I.] Hey, shawty look so good, so she think I should throw dough to her like it ain't nothin to it Get you whatever you like, I could But all I be givin you tonight is just wood Hood, to my heart I do it Huge and yo' attitude just blew it So rude that yo' mentality's distortin yo' reality Actually the more you speak make me think where I'd rather be I don't care if you hidin me Cause I won't sponsor shoppin sprees It's lots of freaks that I could be showing my generosity to, boo, stop it please I ain't that guy, you ain't that fly Got yo' head up your ass that's why All you ask for is all I deny I do for you what I decide And I can buy all kinds of things Go places, spend all kinds of dough My kindness is no blindness though T-Pain, where you find this hoe? Ha ha, I know what you want me to do Artist: T-Pain f/ Kanye West Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Therapy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Ahhhhhh! Take a sip of this Ayyy, let's go {*beatboxing and skatting*} I want you to feel this beat baby I'm not tired, let's go! {*beatboxing and skatting*} [T-Pain] Listen (whassup?) This ain't the way I wanted it to end But I gotta go - gotta get missing! You ain't gotta kick me out, I'll get out my own house But you still need to get yo' shit together girl [Interlude] What do I do, what do I say? Gotta get us back to the way that we used to be back in the day Who do I call to talk to? Shorty you ain't gotta be scared of me, all we need is therapy [Chorus: T-Pain] Like 1-2-3-4, get the hell up out my door 5-6-7-8, I don't need your sex I'll masturbate 9-10-11-12, you can go to hell all I care Yeahhhh Can't do it shorty, can't deal with you babe Can't handle the pressure of you - yeah yeah Can't do it shorty, can't deal with you babe Can't handle the pressure of you - yeah yeah [T-Pain] Listen (whassup?) I know you ain't used to us bein friends But I gotta go - no more kissing! You ain't gotta go away, but I know I can not stay Cause you still gonna get yo' shit together girl [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Kanye West] Ohhhhh, ohhhh; ohhh you too much pressure doll You gon' raise my cholesterol I gotta lower the phone decibels Just to talk, just a thought I'ma get a girl with a ass just as soft You swear man dolls like reservoir and I was Mr. Pink Remember those nights on the kitchen sink I was chokin you in a good way, good way Now we in the streets and I'm chokin you in a hood way When the cops come what I could say? You know how all that gossip is Next morning Basta Perez Any girl I take out media take her, I need a break now Before I break now (ah ah ah ah) Show me your Janet Jacksons if you nasty You said you want to cut my nuts off like Jesse Jackson, classy Ohhh, why she say that, OUCH~! Bitch, give me back my couch And that same couch cashed in Now listen to T-Pain ass sing [T-Pain] BETTER GET OUT MY FACE BITCH! Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Long Lap Dance Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Heyyy, it's 2-for-1 tonight, ohhhh Fellas grab a lady, ladies get that money From the V.I.P. to the main stage Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoahhhhh Yeahh-YAY~! [T-Pain] I never seen a shorty dooo that (that) on a pole (on a pole) Reach in my pocket pull out two stacks Then I throw (throwwww) If you've ever done thism don't you feel dumb when shorty come over to you and start gettin it on Then the song is almost done (that's so wrong) So I made a long (long) lap dance song I need a 2-for-1 or somethin otherwise I need my own, lap dance song I've only been in here for two hours and all my dollar bills is gone, for a lap dance song I need more than a minute wit'chu before I spend a minute with you, girl c'mon Don't do me wrong, you know what's goin on Yeaah! This is the long, lap dance song [Interlude: T-Pain] Ohhh yayyy~! it's 2-for-1 tonight! Yeah Oahhhh; fellas grab a lady, and ladies get that money From the V.I.P. to the main stage Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoahhhhh Yeahhhhh [T-Pain] Shawty came out from the main stage (stage) to the floor (floor) Then we went into the V.I.P. (P got it all) Baby was so ready, hot and so heavy She got on top of me and took off her thong Then the song was over (that's so wrong) So I made a lonnnng lap dance song [Interlude: T-Pain] Yayyy~! it's 2-for-1 tonight! Whoahhhh; fellas grab a lady, ladies get that money From the V.I.P. to the main stage Oh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoahhhhh Yeah [T-Pain] Girl where you goin you can't leave me here (here) Like this (thisssssss) Girl do you know we're near done (done) There's still a ring here (ring here) Girl you can't leave me (no) please believe me (no) You gotta stay over here and keep gettin it on 'til the song is over And I know that this is the long, lap dance song [Interlude with minor ad libs] Artist: T-Pain f/ Raheem DeVaughn, Jay Lyriq, Musiq Soulchild Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Reality Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] OOOOOH! Heyyyyy! {*skatting*} This is my reality show This what you need, shawty!! Yeah-yeah-yeah... here we go Reality show baby, let's get it [T-Pain] One dude, one lady One sane, one crazy Shit it sound like a show to me (Sound like a show to me) Big house, no babies Big ol' dog, but he lazy Let's take it to BET (That's not Bravo) She will, he won't! She R&B, he funk They pretty similar (They pretty much the same) But still they're different and They will split the rent cause They in love - he's so cling to her He got up and told her [Chorus: T-Pain] Let's make a reality show - shawty! And show 'em how much we in love Let's make a reality show Cause I want the world to know about us Let's make a reality show Baby we ain't got nuttin to lose) Let's make a reality show Trials and tribulations, thick and thin, baby let's go Let's make a reality show [Verse Two: Musiq SoulChild] (Hey, listen) You already know what it is when it comes To that soul music I gets it done I'm 'bout it, just like I'm supposed to be (I can do it all night long baby) So don't you go, get it twisted No just listen - ah-ah-oh-oh There's more to music than neo-soul to me (Yay! How 'bout you go) Find some shorties and line 'em up It don't matter what they look like, sign 'em up She could be a five-piece or fine as fuck It don't really matter to me Give me a ghetto hip-hop girl, skinny funk rock girl Fat girl, can't forget the "make her booty clap" girl Senoritas please, white or Japanese And let's see who's goin home with me~! [Chorus: Musiq Soulchild] Let's make a reality show Shawty! What you think about it? Let's make a reality show You know, people gonna talk no doubt Let's make a reality show I can hear 'em now all across the world Let's make a reality show So through trials and tribulations, thick and thin They gon' know that you're my girl [Verse Three: Raheem DeVaughn] There's so many ladies that I can't lose Like her right there in those stilleto shoes And shorty showin off her legs for me (And I feel like) Mr. Baskin Robbins (they all look like) Good as 31 flavors (and I feel like) Oh {shit!} Like Hugh Hefner on TV (Whoa-ohhhhhhh) Now who I'm gon' pick, from all of the above? One's from the church, one loves the club Musiq and Pain, please help me judge Cause I'm 'bout to go out of my mii-ind All of these woman so fii-ine And wish to be, wanna be mii-ine They fightin for the camera tii-ime on the final episode, yeah [Chorus: Raheem DeVaughn] Let's make a reality show To show them, to show how much we love yeah Let's make a reality show Cause I want the world to know about us, yeah Let's make a reality show Baby, we ain't got nuttin to lose Let's make a reality show Trials and tribulations, thick and thin, baby let's go Make a reality show [Verse Four: Jay Lyriq] A go getter - that's what they call me Do be mad at him, that's why they call it (hello) They want a little taste of me (That's why they got me goin around) You gotta admit, I ain't slippin (I ain't slippin) Anything you want, stop trippin (stop trippin) Last night was you and me, ohhh So each and every night we gon' switch it up And you ain't gotta worry I'ma wrap it up A man gon' be a man (A man gon' be a man, gon' be a man) But I ain't gon' fall in love with 'em Just have a little fun with them And if I do, then you can chose and that's the one who lose [Chorus: Jay Lyriq] Let's make a reality show Shawty, to keep everybody watchin Let's make a reality show I wanna hear what they say about us Let's make a reality show We know they gon' give a part two Let's make a reality show Cause we ain't scared to do what other people do in the open Make a reality show Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Keep Going Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Yeah, uhh Mmm-mmm Hmmmmm, keep goinnnn Yeahhhh Mmmmm They hit me up in the mo'nin They give me reason to believe I'm here For somebody, someone They make me feel so joyous Happiness ain't no word to describe What I, feel Like when I try to give it up Sick and tired of all the stuff They give me reason to keep goin And goin When I feel like I should quit I keep goin I never knew this would happen And if you knew 'bout my past You would seeeee Whyyyyy it's a miracle Heh, but you can see why I'm happy Nobody wishes for me This was prayer, where would I be without them? Heh And when I try to give it up Sick and tired of all the stuff When I feel like givin up I keep goin They give me reason to keep goin And goin And goin Artist: T-Pain f/ Young Cash Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Superstar Lady Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I love to call his name!" [Intro: T-Pain] Hellohhh, ooooh Yeahh-yeahh! [T-Pain] She got a stomach like Ciara, hair Like Beyonce Gabreille Union smile, lips like Ashanti I'm K-Ci & JoJo, she is my DeVante Titties muy B and, booty mucho grande She is so exotic like she's from another country She is so erotic, download pornos every Sunday Freaky in the bed I tie her up like a mummy I gotta let her meet my mommy [Chorus One] I think I gotta superstar lady (oh yeah, yeah) She's addicted to the flashin, lights camera action A superstar lady (oh yeah) right out of Hollywood Everything you probably would, want in a girl so I I break it, down, for shorty And she like it (yeah) she like it I break it, down, for shorty And she like it (yeah) she like it [T-Pain] She got them thighs like Angelina, Aguilera Christina Searchin for my shorty, tell me have you seen her? Party like a Hilton, sex like a Kardashian God is so damm good to me, what more can you ask of Him? I got one of them Jessicas - Alba, Beal, or Simpson Never been a harlot she's a Scarlett Johansson She make me feel good, everytime that she get with me I can be her K-Fed, she can be my Britney~! [T-Pain] She got a booty like Serena, thighs like Trina Lips like that chick off of the Martin Show, Gina Shorty always lookin fly, everytime I seen her I might let my shorty drive my Beemer (yeah) [Young Cash] See and me, I'ma be on the passenger side Other girls jealous, askin me why aAd I tell them cause shawty the baddest She a A+, you a C, just average And I don't care if you get mad bitch Cause I know that you really wanna have this But the way you look is tragic So don't let 'em disappear like magic Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon, Mary J. Blige, Diddy Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Change Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Diddy] I'll do anything for you For you I'll change the world No more wars, no more poverty No more hurt, no more pain You showed me how to love again For you I'd change the world Pain, sing [Chorus: T-Pain] If I could change the world Ooh I'd be the sunlight in your universe Ooh you would think my love was really somethin good Baby, if I could, chaaaange If I could, chaaaange If I could, chaaaange the world The world, the world, the world [Verse One: T-Pain] Ooh there would be no mo' wars Opportunity knockin on doors for us, for us Nobody ain't knowin each other Fighters turn into lovers for us, for us Ooh and when the moonlight turns to sunshine everybody wakin up to a better dream Uh-huh, uh-huh Cause everybody need what they want but don't want want they need Let's talk about youuuuu, let Teeeeee change in the world [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Akon] If I could change the world I'd order for the line to be erased at the border, this day (this day) Everyone deserves an opportunity There'd be no New World Order And nobody woulda never got slaughtered that way (that way) There'd be so much more love and unity Daughters'd be close to they mothers Sons'd be raised by their fathers today (today) A good family ain't nothin greater Race crimes, and hate crimes would never exist I'll turn every bullet to a Hershey's Kiss (kiss) And we can eat away our fear (fear) ooooooh [Chorus] w/ ad libs, extended by Mary J. Blige [Mary J. Blige] There would be no self-hate We will all have to love everything about ourselves (yeah) So we can love everyone now (mm-hmm) Nothing would hold us down Because we'll all walk around with a smile and never frown And that will remove the clouds There'll be no more self-loathing Everyone will know in their hearts that they're just fine and that's when the light's gonna shine Everyone will understand That in order to have some piece you must believe Believe the best in you If I can change [Chorus] w/ ad libs, extended by Mary J. Blige Artist: T-Pain f/ Tay Dizm Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Digital Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Yayyy, yeah It's goin digital... woo! Yayyy, yeah, yeahh, yeahh It's goin digital... yeah See tonight it's goin digital, really though Really everybody in the club 'bout to feel me though I came alone, cause I'm takin somethin back with meeeee, yeahhhh I left the duals up on the Lamborghini (the Lamborgini) So they can see me (see me everybody in the club) know I got fettucini I can't leave home, without a couple stacks on meeeee, yeahhhh Now I got the Gucci on the shoes (shoes) {?} knapsack (sack) Ice around my neck (neck) how pimpin is that? Ohh c'mon girl, you can stack your platinum back with meeeee, nooooo [Chorus: T-Pain] Tonight it's goin digital (ayy) digital (ayy) Digital (ayy) digital (ayy) It's goin digital... {e'rybody know me when I walk up in the club} Tonight it's goin digital (ayy) digital (ayy) Digital (ayy) digital (ayy) It's goin digital... {e'rybody know me when I walk up in the club} [T-Pain] When the club do's open up (open up) I'm po'in up Everybody in the club know I got the frozen cup I can't leave home, without lookin like Magic Don Juan, yeahhhh Now everybody know what's goin on (goin on) my pimpin strong Listen everybody in the club - is singin my song I can't leave alone, cause all these bitches know that I'm the one, yeahhhh Now I got the green on the shoes (shoes) gold Cadillac ('llac) Ice around my neck (neck) how pimpin is that? Ohh c'mon girl, let's get it crackin all night long, ohhhhh [Tay Dizm] It's goin digital, youse don't wanna hear me though She lookin at me like she wanna be symmetrical Fallin on yo' body, hit this and be quiet Cause everybody in the club know I start the party Just washed my shoes, the gators too clean Don't mess around and make me have to +Do the Right Thing+ Aight, I'm digital, and you can come to MySpace Or just call me when you're down to get away Artist: T-Pain f/ DJ Khaled Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Karaoke Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T-Pain] + (DJ Khaled) Dear Akon... forgive me for what I'm 'bout to say Dear Barry Weiss, I know you told me not to worry about it man but I can't let it ride Dear God, let's make it happen, hahahaha Ha ha! I'm tryin to be you nigga (yeah nigga) Watch me do me, watch me do me, watch me do me, watch me do me YEAH! Nappy Boy, Nappy BOYYYYYY!! (DJ Khaled! Aiyyo Pain, I want you to go in!) DJ Khaled let's go man (we the best!) Ay, ay, ay (LISTENNN!) [T-Pain] I got up out the streets, so I ain't gotta steal But listen to the radio, it's obvious I still kill (DAMN!) But y'all was in the game, way befo' me So why you wanna do some shit I did in '03? (oooooh!) I'm layin low-key, for a long time But don't act like you know me, this is the wrong time So grab your microphone, set your Auto-Tune And I'ma bust a verse on yo' ass like I oughta do I ain't no gangsta dude, ain't gotta pop and bang ya But you know I'm powerful when I'm pissin off the gospel singers (ooh yeah) I'm tryin to feed my kids, y'all niggaz can die slowly Cause to me it sounds like a bunch of karaoke [Interlude: DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) Aiyyo fuck the imposter! Fuck these karaoke niggaz man! T-Pain, they wanna live your life man These are bitch, ass, niggaz man! It's the DJ Khaled, Nappy Boys I'm goin in, I'm goin in, aiyyo T-Pain (You know what Khaled, I know you right dawg, let me get 'em again though) Talk to 'em! (Ay, ay, listen) [T-Pain] It ain't all bad, some of it please me But the only niggaz that's cool is Kanye and Lil Weezy (DAMN!) I'm a hit-maker, not a comedian So why the fuck were these niggaz laughin at me when I seen they ass? This shit don't ever work, a one-hit wonder bitch But all that shit that you doin now make me wonder this Now why it's cool for you, but it's not for me? And why he ain't hop on my song and make it hot for me? But you don't give a fuck, you just a swagger jacker Now I'm a certified Lamborghini-ist and Cadillac-er (ooh yeah) Cause I'm tryin to feed my kids, y'all niggaz can die slowly Cause just to me, it sounds like a bunch of karaoke [Interlude: DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) Y'all singin the same old song Y'all some karaoke niggaz, karaoke fuck niggaz This is Nappy Boy, this is DJ Khaled! We global with this hood shit, this what we do! Why you wanna live our life? You wanna live our lifestyle, aiyyo T-Pain! (Whattup Khaled?) Get 'em [T-Pain] Yo, let me get a moment of silence, for the late great Roger Troutman Y'all niggaz ain't holdin him down, so we had to put me at ya Bitch, I'm Teddy Pain, the son of Teddy Riley The father of the game, you pussy niggaz WHYLIN How many niggaz really wanna test? Pain the originator, Khaled be the best All these motherfuckers tryin to do what I did stealin food from an infant, style from a kid Twenty-fo' years, twenty-fo' cars Bitch we the best, we got plenty more stars E'ry time you pussy motherfuckers try to stop me it's plenty mo' hits, plenty mo' bars Yeahhh that's not cool baby, so that's not happening Y'all keep on stealin from me, let me try this rappin thing I know you know I hear ya, isn't that embarrassing? Set the game on fire, Teddy got some naaaaame Pussy niggaz step up if you really got good game I got a lot of shit to say about a nigga, but it's really not good thangs That ain't no disrespect man, y'all keep doin your shit But my daughter told me to tell you to get off her daddy's dick! [Outro: DJ Khaled] Aiyyo Pain, man I'ma call these niggaz out I'ma pull them skirts, man They fuck - aiyyo, let me get 'em! FUCK IT! It's the DJ Khaled don-dada Big dog pitbull Terror Squadian A.K.A. WE THE BEST! A.K.A. shit on niggaz dot-com! A.K.A. Nappy Boy, bitch! We global... we global... Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz (Deluxe Edition) Song: Distorted Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*distorted*} "Where is everybody?" "Don't stop now..." "Don't stop now..." [T-Pain] Heyyy, yeah I don't really wanna do nothin today Just wanna do you tonight (you tonight) And the only way that I'll be satisfied Is if I do you right (do you) I want you to feel it (feel it) comin (comin) Stronger (stronger) longer (longer) If fuckin you ain't the right thing to do then I can't get no wronger (wronger) I'm pullin (pullin) hair (hair) Slappin derrieres ('ere) All you gotta do is say {"Don't stop now"} [Chorus: T-Pain] And I won't, I promise this I'm gon' be the dominant one, I got you bitch Squeeze that pillow, bite that shit Ohhh, it feel good, don't it? (don't it?) Tell me that you want (want it) Shorty call me daddy {"Don't stop now"} Don't stop it (stop it) stoppin Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't stop it (stop it) stop it Don't, don't stop now [T-Pain] Girl, I don't really know what else I can say But baby girl you look tight (you look tight) And I'm sittin right here lookin in your eyes And they're tellin me everything you might like (you might) I want you to feel it (feel it) comin (comin) from a bigger (bigger) nigga (nigga) I'm not what you're used to fuckin with (oh no) I'm a little bit thicker (thicker) I'm pullin (pullin) hair (hair) Slappin derriere ('ere) All you gotta do is say - don't stop now Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz (Deluxe Edition) Song: Sweet Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T-Pain] Yeah... we've been in this situation Like once or twice, before now And I liked it, cause you liked it Yeah... sweet anticipation, heh So very nice, but how Do we fight it, no fight it What we feel is so, natural We pretty much, have to go with the flow (the flow) Of yo' body, shawty We can do whatever you, wanna do tonight Somehow I know what it is, and I'm so excited Cause if I do it, to youuuuu Uh... then you gotta do it, to meeeee And if we do what I think we're gonna dooooo Heh, shawty that'll be fuckin sweeeeet Hehe, uhh And baby you know it, heh You know you know it I know you know it Ooh! Yeah, let me do your dissertation I know everything, there is to know And I'd be delighted, to write it Yeahhh, bottom line you're just the greatest Have you ever heard, of a love, T.K.O.? Well girl you're Mike Tyson, and I like it And I must be psychic Cause I knew what you were gonna do right before you did it Right when I got in it I was freeeeeee Yeah, but I'ma be quiet You know I love makin love to you It's like a new dimension, when you get to kissin on meeeeeee Cause you know if I do it, to youuuuuu You know you gotta do it, to meeeeeee And if we do what I think we're gonna doooooo Baby that'll be fuckin sweeeeeet Oooh, and I know you know it Mmm, damn, you know it I know you know it {*exhales*} Hehe, yeah Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz (Deluxe Edition) Song: Bad Side Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T-Pain] Uh, uh, yeah! Woo! Whoa Like this, SHAWTY! Yeahhhh, yeahhhhhhh, yeahhhhhhh, yeahhhhhhh Uh, uh [T-Pain] Shawty I'm the sex police, you have been arrested It's a warrant for ya, how do you contest it? You must've been hidin, tryin to lay low-key E'rybody know you cain't fuck with the police Now I'm just playin wit'cha, what's your name girl? I'm feelin so good, you should feel the same girl So partake in this Louie, you know it's ooey-gooey Now let's jump out of this club, go home and make a movie Shawty you can do me, and I can do you So ain't no use in actin, Ms. Goodie Two-Shoes I'm a freak girl, and I think you might be one Cause momma told me watch out for the quiet ones [Chorus: T-Pain] Show me yo' bad side Bend over and show me that backside Let's go see how the back of this 'llac ride Show me yo' bad side I'm fin' to take you on another level Ain't nann nigga ever take you that high Show me yo' bad side You say you want a real man with real money Well baby girl I know that's right Show me yo' bad side I'ma put you on the silver and gold So you can sit back and relax now Show me yo' backside [T-Pain] Now we ride in Escalade, back to the telly Cuttin everythang off, includin the celly I made it rain and thunder, so you chose me I'm tryin to see what's under, all of that Dolce and Gabbana, I really really wanna, see how far you go cause I just noticed that tongue, ring And I can go for over four hours, I know you don't believe But I'm Totem Pole Jenkins, Teddy to the P Girl, I see you lookin at me, go 'head and close yo' eyes Let me get up in it, now don't look so surprised I'm tryin to get up in that deeper but she's screamin like Ahhhh, ah-ahhhh; shawty [Chorus]  echoes at the end Artist: T-Pain Album: Thr33 Ringz (Deluxe Edition) Song: Phantom Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T-Pain] Hahhh, yeahhhh I've been in the treehouse for seven hours lookin at yo' house girl Ever since you kicked me out girl - that ain't me! Huh, but who the fuck is he?! (yeahhhhh) I've been watchin y'all kissin and huggin, lickin yo' belly button Touchin and rubbin but this nigga look just like me! He got dreads and gold teeth! (yeahhhhh) Now I know we just broke up, week and a half ago How was I to remember the anniversary! (yeahhhh) Baby I'm sorry! (yeahhhhh) But you know [Chorus: T-Pain] I can't leave y'all alone tonight Ain't nothin goin on tonight Cause I'm the phantom in yo' opera (yeahhhhh) I'm the phantom in yo' opera (yeahhhhh) Now I can't leave y'all alone tonight All the lights gon' be on tonight Ooh I'm the phantom in yo' opera (yeahhhhh) He won't get none, you won't either, 'til I get mine [T-Pain] Ahhhhhh... yeah I'ma wait until y'all get real into it, just about to do it The mood is set and I'ma mess y'all UP! I bet that sucks, to be him I'ma call (and hang up) call again (and hang up) "Hello?" "Do you like scary movies?" Then I'ma do it again... am I scaring yo' friend? (yeahhhhh) Yeahhh (yeah) let's play a game (yeah) I'll be Teddy Pain (yeah) You try to do your thang (yeah) and I'ma block that COCK! Hahaha, and I'ma make y'all STOP! Yeahhhhh And you know [instrumental break for 22 seconds] Yeahhhhhh! Artist: T-Pain f/ Lil Wayne Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Bang Bang Pow Pow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Oh-OHHH! Now now now HOHHHH Oh-OHHH! Now now now HOHHHH [Chorus: T-Pain] My money right (my money money) my bread good (good, good) Shorty fuckin (what's up girl) that head good (Oh-OHHH!) Bang bang... pow pow I do my thang thang, look at me now now My money right (my money money) my cash up Up up and away! Face down (face down) ass up I rep my town town, that's where I'm from from So nigga pow pow {*CLICK CLICK*} BAM BAM [T-Pain] Money to blow, I'm living off tour Boatload of cash, bitch I'm overboard I got money for these whores if you open up the door Company accounts and they all on one accord Real talk, I don't speak, even if it's "Hi Hater" (HI HATER!) I'm on top and done unlocked the elevator All these bitches say I'm fly and I can never touch the ground I'm not tryin to be in your circle cause I don't fuck around I get that money, that money (money) I live it, I want it Drop the top on that Ferrari now I'm in California I let the hard top down and the wind blow through "All I Do Is Win," what the fuck you gon' do? I'm good, good, good And I do this for my hood, hood, hood Yeah~! And ain't nobody gonna stop me I doin it right now So bang bang, pow pow, everybody say [Lil Wayne] Uhh, psh, I go so hard they call me Go So Hard You ain't a king, you a joker card Fuckin up the church money like an altar boy I got them yellow Xanax, got them Tonka toys I go bonkers boy, I put that on my mom and 'em The hoes are all alike, they put the hoe in homonym I think all these niggaz sound like me, that's a compliment I told a midget bitch I do it big - hippopotamus Put that on my slime and them - no b-ball, we stop and pop No b-ball we got shit locked, swagger ill, what's up Doc? Make that pussy pop, like the gun I went to jail for Shoot the doors off your Jeep, that bitch look like a mail truck You pussy keep your tail tucked, real niggaz in this bitch Get that pussy wet, fuck her than I jet - Kenny Smith T-Pain voice, "All I Do Is Win" and shit Young Money in your motherfuckin face, livin shit Artist: T-Pain f/ Detail Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Bottlez Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Detail] + (T-Pain) Bottle up (Boom! Boom) (Detail) [Detail] Here, comes, them bottles of that Clique I know you're gettin busy, go work it lil' momma Got that Rozay, Rozay Rozay Rozay, Rozay Rozay [Chorus: T-Pain] Here, comes them bottles of that Patron Them bottles of that Patron, them bottles of that Patron Now uhh - here, comes them bottles of that Rozay Them bottles of that Rozay, them bottles of that Rozay Ahhhhhh! Here, comes them bottles of that Nuvo Them bottles of that Nuvo, them bottles of that Nuvo In fifteen minutes I'ma take it full throttle Cause e'rybody tappin on the bottom of my bottle [T-Pain] Bring that ass my way, uh-huh Fuck a shot, we gon' take the whole tray, uh-huh Uh-huh, order bottles by the case uh-huh So drunk, I can't even see your face, uh-huh Uh-na na na, look at all these bottles in here Baby it's okay, you can swallow in here Got that, Rozay, Rozay Rozay Rozay, Rozay Rozay [T-Pain] You ain't got money like this, cha-ching ching (CHING!) Yellow diamonds, piss on my pinky ring Grey Goose and Absolut and a fifth of that green thing A tall bottle of that Crist' - YAO MING~! Na na na, look at all these bootie in bling Baby it's okay, you can Google my name Got that, Rozay, Rozay Rozay Rozay, Rozay Rozay [T-Pain] Na na na, gon' pop that thang Shak it so hard got you spillin your drink Like na na na, cain't nobody tell you shit Mmmm, not with all that liquor in your system Na na na, tip the bartender, drink it all Shorty you aint gotta think at all Cause I got that Rozay, Rozay Rozay Rozay, Rozay Rozay Artist: T-Pain f/ Chuckie, Pitbull Album: rEVOLVEr Song: It's Not You (It's Me) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] + (Pitbull) It's not you (T-Pain, Mr. Worldwide) Not you... it's not you Ohh-ohh! Not You [T-Pain] I know I be... all up in these clubs (clubs) Playin with these girls (girls) travelin around the world I know I be... messing with your feelings (feelings) Money to the ceiling it falls down to the floor I know I'll be (fist pump, fist pump) fist pumpin like a champ (YEAH~!) The music got me amped (YEAH~!) I'm catchin leg cramps I know I be, messin us up, and that's all that I do So if we break up, I can tell you [Chorus: T-Pain] It's not you, not you It's not you, not you it's me And I know I be trippin trippin But I need you to listen It's not you, not you It's not you, not you it's me Even though I'm messin up I can't stay out of this club - it's not you! [Interlude: Chuckie] Baby it's not you it's me, it's not you it's me Baby it's not you it's me, it's the dog in me (Yeahh it's not you) Baby it's not you it's me, it's not you it's me (Yeahhhhh) Baby it's not you it's me [T-Pain] I know we be... kissin all in public (public) And girl I love it (love it) can't get enough of it But girl lately... you've been talkin down (down) Keep me with a frown (frown) I can't keep you around I know I be (fist pump, fist pump) fist pumpin like a pro Girl you already know, you've seen me do this before I know I be, messin us up, but you can't tell me what to do So if we break up, I can tell you [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Interlude] [Pitbull] They slip, I grip, she dip, I dip I hit, no text, no twitter That girl's so bad, that thang so thick And Pain, you can bet I get her Even the girls wanna hit her (that's right) So you know I'ma take one with her (fa'sho') More vodka, pour it like water (let's go) Fa'sho' fill the club like New Orleans She this, she that, her ass so fat And her kitty cat's down for a doggin Mira mamita, verdad que tu esta linda Rica y Donita Pero la verde que quiero tu amiguita It's not you it's me I'm sorry, dale (So if we break up, I can tell you) [Chorus] - repeat 2X Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Default Picture Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Whoahhh-oahhh-AHH!! Mmmm Ohh ohhh, ohhhhh oh [T-Pain] HEY~! I got a feelin in my bones that I can't get rid off But that's probably the bass Can't get this picture out my mind, that I've seen on Twitter The one of yo' face Girl I'm just tryin to see, if you feel just a little like me So DM me back, don't do me like that I wanna see yo' pretty ass in person, girl But that's just not the case Plus I'm way on the other side of the Earth And girl plane tickets too hard for me to pay I'm just tryin to see, if you feel just a little like me So you can give me a call, I ain't doin nothin at all Girl you keep tweetin what you do and postin pictures And I feel like I need to be posted wit'cha Laid up in the bed somewhere Spillin make-up, messin up your hair Girl you keep makin me spend my time Checkin on your timeline You make me say ohh whoah ohh yeah I'm fallin in love wit'cha default picture [T-Pain] YEAH~! You don't ever show up in my mentions girl Just say my name Must be some wrong with my eyes or my iPhone 5 Or is this even yo' page? I am just tryin to see if you got any interest in me Or am I botherin you? Should I be unfollowin you? Heh And you be acting like that dude in your picture is your boyfriend But I know it's just a face Let me show you that I'm fitter than him, ohh Just name a time and place Girl you gotta see that he is where I should be And girl you can give me a call, I just wanna talk to you that's all But [Chorus] - repeat 2X (minus last line first time) Artist: T-Pain f/ Lily Allen, Wiz Khalifa Album: RevolveR Song: 5 O'Clock Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Lily Allen] (T-Pain) It's 5 o'clock in the morning Conversation got boring You said you'd go into bed soon So I snuck off to your bedroom And I thought I'd just wait there (oh) Until I heard you come up the stairs (ohh) And I pretended I was sleeping (ohh) And I was hoping you w... (ay) It's 5 o'clock in the morning [T-Pain] + (Lily Allen) It's 5 o'clock in the morning, and I want ya And you want me, don't ya? I can see it Cause you've been waitin on me since I said that I was hittin the club The sun be comin up on me And I know you be gettin so horny Cause you be sendin me texts Like "Boy just get yo' ass up in that car and come get all of this lo-ooove" (It's 5 o'clock in the morning) You ain't gotta remind me She already said if I don't come on time she might go crazy And she'll be waitin on me naked with one of my chains on She might come and find me, oh-oh-oh And then ask me kindly, oh-oh-oh Do I want her to go crazy? We do this every night and then we always wake up singin the same song [Chorus One: Lily Allen] + (T-Pain) It's 5 o'clock in the morning (yeah) Conversation got boring (talk to me girl) You said you'd go into bed soon (let's go) So I snuck off to your bedroom (c'mon) And I thought I'd just wait there (wait on me) Until I heard you come up the stairs (I won't let you stay lonely) And I pretended I was sleeping (alright) And I was hoping you were creeping (good night) [Chorus Two: Lily Allen & T-Pain] It's 5 o'clock in the morning Conversation got boring You said you'd go into bed soon So I snuck up to your bedroom And I thought I'd just wait there Until I heard you come up the stairs And I pretended I was sleeping And I was hoping you were creeping It's 5 o'clock in the morning [T-Pain] + (Lily Allen) And you callin And these females, got me stallin I can hear your voice in my head like, "What is he doin? Oh what is he doin?" Cause I keep checkin my cell phone, and these missed calls And you textin me like, "I'ma kill y'all if you don't get yo' ass up outta that club And do you know what time it is?" (It's 5 o'clock in the morning) Ooh, my bad girl This Nuvo got me trippin and I know that you mad girl But you ain't gotta worry about nothin {worry about nothin} Girl I got ya {I got ya} girl I got ya She might come and find me, oh-oh-oh And then ask me kindly, oh-oh-oh Do I want her to go crazy?! We do this every night and then we always wake up singin the same song! [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Wiz Khalifa] + (Lily Allen) Oh-ohh, and you ain't got nothin on But the t-shirt that I left over your house  the last time I came and put it on ya, too many thirsty girls up in this club for me to leave here with one of 'em That's why I call her, and you'll be right at home waitin for me iPhone plugged in the wall just waitin for me Club close at 6, left around 4:30 Yeah so by the time I'm at your crib (It's 5 o'clock in the morning) And you yawnin But I been drinkin all night and I feel like performin with you in the bedroom, floor to the dresser Don't want nothin less cause I'm sure you're the best You're the one so I let you, that's how you show me love And when we finish you like, "Damn babe, you woke me up" I love the way you put it down like it's for both of us The sun ain't the only thing that's comin up Hahahaha [Chorus Two] Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Sho-Time (Pleasure Thang) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T-Pain] Ohh... Nooo-oooooh Whoa-wooo, nooooo Girl (girl) You better tie them heels up tight (up tight) Cause I'ma make you work for it tonight (tonight) You've been messin with me too long (too long) Now it's time to come and get the game on, no ohhhh whoa Cause you've been playin hard to get, now I got you here Come on girl, yeahhh Baby tell me what you wanna do (wanna do) I know exactly what I'm doin to you (doin to you) All you need is a t-shirt and a thong (c'mon) And let me turn this camera on, no whoa ohh~! Cause you've been playin too hard to get, now I got you here Yeah, come on girl Yeah and I'll be like [Chorus: T-Pain] Yeahhhh~! Girl I'm tryin to get this pleasure thang poppin Shit will be stoppin And you'll be like nooooo~! Girl I know you're nervous But it ain't no time like showtime No, it ain't no time like showtime Come on girl [T-Pain] Baby come and lay down on your back (turn on your back) Don't look at me like that (like that) Cause you already knowin what it is (what it is) You about to see me handle my biz, no-oooh-woo-oooooh Girl I hoe you ready, you ain't never had it like this Come on girl, yeah-e-heeee! You know I ain't fakin so you scared now (scared now) From the floor to the bed now You believe everything I said now Bite that pillow, grab that headboard, put your head down! Noooooo~! Girl you wasn't ready, you can better feel your legs now And when you feel that thing comin, all you gotta say is [T-Pain] Hey! Girl it's all about that pleasure thang (pleasure thang) Better put your runnin shoes on Energizer Bunny, baby I just keep goin and goin and goin all night long Tryin to make you feel good Just like you knew I would And if you ask if I finish what I start Then all I got to say is Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Rock Bottom Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T-Pain] Shawty! Yeah yeah {*3X*} Shawty! Hey! [Chorus: T-Pain] Uh-huh, it's like a sin on top of a sin what I'd do to you Uh-huh, over again and over again, you ain't gotta move Uh-huh, and when you look into my eyes I got to go harder Uh-huh, and when you climb on top of me I hit rock bottom She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom She can't leave me alooooone, hey! [T-Pain] She got me thinkin (she got me thinkin) 'bout what I got (got) She hop in the Lincoln (in the Lincoln) we hit my spot (we hit my spot) I got her drinkin (got her drinkin) she gettin hot (hot) She want me on bottom, bottom, bottom She saw my pinky (saw my pinky) that big ol' rock (rock) That bitch is bling-blingin (bling-blingin) non-stop (stop) And now she gettin kinky (gettin kinky) she want the top (top) That means I'm on bottom, bottom, bottom She be goin down and she come back up (up) Girl stop messin with me! (with me!) Take your clothes off, baby take a load off (off) I'ma tell you what's it's gon' be! (gon' be!) All kinds of touchin and rubbin, some of the lovin that you never had (never had) So let me get a rubber out this Gucci bag (Gucci bag) We gon' do somethin that make your daddy mad (mad) Now baby put your hands up and say YEAH! [T-Pain] We hit the city (we hit the city) we in my drop (drop) The DJ wicky-wicky (wicky-wicky) she gettin hot (hot) She dancin by the speaker (by the speaker) that booty pop (pop) She feelin that bottom, bottom, bottom I'm gettin jiggy (gettin jiggy) I cut a rug (rug) Niggaz give me daps (daps) bitches give me hugs (they give me hugs) She got me thinkin (got me thinkin) I'm in love (love) In love with that bottom, bottom, bottom! Left cheek, right cheek, make that +Booty Wurk+ (work) Shawty I ain't playin with you! (you!) And then you go dutty wind, dutty wind, all dem go berserk You know exactly what we gon' do All kinds of touchin and rubbin, some of the lovin that you never had (never had) So let me get a rubber out this Gucci bag (Gucci bag) We gon' do somethin that make your daddy mad (mad) Now baby put your hands up and say YEAH~! [Chorus] w/ ad libs Artist: T-Pain f/ Chris Brown Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Look at Her Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] A-hem! Boom! C'mon baby, keep on doin what you doin {*3X*} Hey~! C'mon on baby Look at her go! Yeah she know what she doin Look at her go! Yeah she know what she doin Wob, wobbledy wobbledy drop, drop it like it's hot Yellow Nuvo got me wobblin back to the parking lot Look at her go! Go, go, do it girl Go, go, go, do it girl Go, go, go, do it girl She wob-wobbledy wobbledy, drop, drop it like it's hot! [T-Pain] Go on shake that booty (booty) let me see that Gucci print (print) Super stupid (stupid) you know what you doin bitch (bitch) Loosey loosey (loosey) get a bottle of Goose in here (in here) Telly Pizzle (a-hem-hem), "All I Do Is Win" Bang bang, baby I know that you won't stop Walk up in the club, already on one Get rid of your friends, they ain't no fun Uh-uh, I'ma show you how to do this son She wob-wobbledy wobbledy, drop, drop it like it's hot! That yellow Nuvo got me wobbling back to the parking lot! She steady boppin, she poppin, she say that she don't wanna stop! I got that choppa, that choppa just case yo' nigga wanna block! (Yeahhh, hahahahaha) [Chris Brown] Damn, look at her go wodie, on the floor wodie She done dropped it on us both wodie, she on a pro on it And baby I've been lookin for you for a while now And I ain't playin with you, baby pull them drawers down Oooh she a freak and she know it I got her right where I want her now And girl wobbledy wobbledy, drop drop it like it's hot Wobble wobbledy wobbledy to the ground I know you hear that bang bang, that's the bass in my Chevrolet Gangbangers with me, but we here to celebrate Super ready, me and Teddy in the Chevy with these hoes HA~! Just look at her go Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Mix'd Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey~!! Yeah This goes out to the (heh, you know) [T-Pain] Hey, light-skinned girl with the curly hair Don't say you from Delaware I can't see it, oh, I can't believe it Okay - where your daddy from? Where your momma from? I need to meet dem, and tell your momma come prove it And I bet she can't do it But I think I'm in loooove, with all of your features Can I get a huuug, it was so nice to meet ya You and all of your friendsssss, look so exotic So you go get themmmm, and I'ma get my partners And we can make it a night to remember, I won't lie to you baby You're tellin me you're Japanese and I tell you maybe But you really got sex appeal, so I really gotta keep it real Shorty I want my fix, I put you on my list, I want you on my wrist cause I'm lookin for a mixed girl - Asian, Jamaican I'm lookin for a mixed girl - Puerto Rican, Haitian I'm lookin for a mixed girl - Cuban and white I'm tryin to get mixed up tonight like Excuse me miss, what's your name? Where you from? Can I come? I'm lookin for a mixed girl I'm lookin for a mixed girl, excuse me miss [T-Pain] Skinny black girl with the real straight hair I know it ain't no weave up there If it is I can't see it; oh, I can't believe it Okay, where your boyfriend? Cause I got dividends Now are you listenin, or do you even speak English? Oh, I can't believe it Momma I think I'm in loooove with all of that slow windin I'm in the reggae cluuuub, she's gotta be from an island Even all of her friendssss look so exotic So she's gonna get themmmm and I'ma get my partners And we can make it a night to remember, I won't lie to you baby You tell me you're from Duvall County and I'm gonna tell you maybe But you really got sex appeal, so I really gotta keep it real Shorty I want my fix, I put you on my list, I want you on my wrist cause [Interlude] And we can make it a night to remember, I won't lie to you baby You're tellin me you Japanese and I tell you maybe But you really got sex appeal, so I really gotta keep it real Shorty I want my fix, I put you on my list, I want you on my wrist cause Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: I Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey! Yeah-hah Nooo noooo, ohhhh Heyyy! Go 'head and go out wit'cha friends Keep spendin my ends (oh "All I Do Is Win," yeah) It's alright, it's okay Cause you was finally gonna sneak and do it anyway I don't give a fuck (oooh, go ahead) I don't give a fuck (just stab me in the back) I don't give a fuck (Apparently you love your friends more than me) But one day I'ma let you see that I don't give a fuck [T-Pain] Yeah~! Three in the mornin, you ain't home yet Girl what you doin? (Doin) Now I done called all your friends, the phone in my Benz Who the hell are you with? (You with) Now when you left here, you said you was gone But you ain't say you wasn't comin back home That's fucked up Oh that's fucked up Yeah~! Three forty-five (forty-five) I'ma find ya Girl you got me lookin everywhere (where) I feel like you've been cheatin (you've been cheatin) Anyway but a nigga like me don't share (share) Girl what has got into yo' head? (Yo' head) You act brave, so don't get scared when you see my truck (yeah) Do you think baby I don't give a fuck? [T-Pain] Yeah~! It's 4:30, still ain't made it in Who you think you foolin? (Foolin, foolin) Insecurity (ty) finally settin in (in) Who are you screwin? (Screwin, screwin) I've been sittin here sippin on this Nuvo (Nuvo) How you come in here with that Four Loko? That's fuck up Oh that's fucked up Yeah~! You don't know the time, are you lyin? I know you had them legs in the air (air) Tracks comin out (out) weave all crooked (crooked) Somebody been pullin your hair (hair) Girl, you think you smart Tell him come and help you start packin yo' stuff (yeah) Do you think baby I don't give a fuck? One day I'ma let you see [Chorus] - second half [Outro] One day I'ma let you see, that I don't give a fuck No no no no, cause I don't give a fuck Oh no no no, one day I'ma let you see that I don't give a fuck, oh no no One day I'ma let you see that I don't give a fuck Oh no no no, no Artist: T-Pain Album: RevolveR Song: Drowning Again Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [T-Pain] {*sighs*} Hmmmmmmm-hmmmmmmmmm {*sighs*} Hmmmmm-hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm-hmmmmmm Waves upon waves keep me down And I can't get to the top But when I get there I'll still be nowhere Cause I ain't find the one I love And if I make it out then we should talk about how you left meeeeeeeeeeeee Just how you left me Drownin againnnnnnnn, yeahhhh {*3X*} You should come see how good it would beeeeeeeee... to come drown meeeeeeee Oh-ohhhhh Ohhh-ohhhhhh Days upon days I've been floatin And you don't care if I die or not But when I'm deceased I hope you will be dyin next to me in my watery grave And before we go I just, want my baby to know how it feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeels to beeeee... Drownin againnnnnnnn, yeahhhh {*3X*} You should come see, how good it would beeeeeeeee... Heyyyy yeahhhhh Ohh-ohhhhhhhhhhh {*3X*} Drownin againnnnnnnn, in your love Ohhhhhh, in your love Drownin againnnnnnnn Ohh-ohhhh, in your love Drownin in your love againnnnn Ohh-ohhh in your love Drownin again in your love Your love Drownin again in your love {*2X*} Oooh Drownin again in your love {*2X*} Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: When I Come Home Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey~! No no no no Hey, uhh, na-na-na [T-Pain] I can hear my baby sayin my name (na-na-na) But I don't see my baby in time (na-na-na) Without you in here it ain't the same I didn't mean word I said to you last night [Interlude] If you decide to pick up the phone, oh baby I'll be waiting for you, ohh Tell me what's wrong I didn't mean to ignore you Don't quit me baby, I can fix it baby Bein by myself is now my biggest fear Cause I want you here, when I, come back There ain't nothin I look more forward to than that And I want you here, when I, come home Cause I can't stand to be alone, you gotta be here When I come back, no When I come back, oh no When I come back, ohhhh When I come back [T-Pain] Oh no, ay (na-na-na) I can hear you tellin me to come home (na-na-na) But you may not even be there (na-na-na) We not gon' make it if I'm always gone, whoa Plus you told me you ain't goin anywhere, ohhh [Interlude] + [Chorus] Artist: T-Pain f/ Chris Brown Album: RevolveR Song: Best Love Song Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Chris Brown] + (T-Pain) Nappy Boy (hey!) P-Pretty Boy (uh-uh, hey!) Nappy Boy (hey!) Pretty Boy (uh-uh) [T-Pain] Turn up the bass (bass) turn up the treble (treble) I'm 'bout to take it to a whole 'nother level (level) DJ turn up what you playin (playin) I want the whole club to hear what I'm sayin (sayin) Because this girl means so much to me Now we on the flo' and she touchin meeeee And if I wanna take her home It's gotta be better than what they do on the radio~! [Chorus: T-Pain] It's gotta be the crunkest, gotta be the loudest, it's gotta be the BEST! The best love song she ever heard in her life! I gotta tell her how I feel, I gotta let her hear The best love song she ever heard in her life! No need for me to write it (me to write it) I just gotta picture her smilin And if you feel that way (way) go 'head and kiss your ba-bay And now we got the whole stadium in love like  THAT (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) Ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) [Chris Brown] Turn off the lights (lights) give me a mic (mic) I'm 'bout to sing and do her just how she likes (likes) Jump off the stage (bombs away) Crowd surfin all the way (cowabunga) You know it's right (right) just do the wave (do the wave) Girl just move your body like a snake (ma) And if you wanna get with me Put yo' hands in the air, show me that energy~! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T-Pain] Homie kiss yo' girl, shawty kiss yo' man We can see you on the Kissin Cam [Chris Brown] Now show me some love (yeah, yeah) Show me some love (yeah, yeah) [T-Pain] Now look her in the eye (eye) [Chris] Say "Baby, I love you" (I love you) [T-Pain] "I'll never put no one above you!" And if you feel that way (way) go 'head and kiss your ba-bay And now we got the whole stadium in love like  THAT (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) And if you feel that way (way) go 'head and kiss your ba-bay And now we got the whole stadium in love like  THAT (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) Ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) Ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) - oh ohh Ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) ay (ay) Yeah yeahhh! Artist: T-Pain f/ Ne-Yo Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Turn All the Lights On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Turn all the lights on! Take off your shoes (shoes shoes) Ain't nobody gon' see nuttin Bring out the booze (booze booze) Baby girl stop frontin I ain't got nuttin to lose (lose lose) And I ain't gotta go to work no more Fuck that place, fuck my boss I'm about to ball, girl what it cost? [Interlude: T-Pain] I'm goin hard I need some lights, it's way too dark Oh yeah, I'm goin in And now I'm with my friends Let the party begin [Chorus: T-Pain] Turn all the lights on! Turn all the lights on! Put your hands up if you goin hard I need some lights, it's way too dark Oh yeah, I'm goin in Okay okay, I'm with my friends Let the party begin Turn all the lights on! [Ne-Yo] Give me that glass, little bit of ice Pour that red in there This must be her song Dancin like ain't nobody else in here Sexy as she wanna be and she dancin next so close to me I said please excuse You steppin on expensive shoes (just to name a few) Shorty is a perfect ten This angelic body made to sin I love the way you get it in Come over here and shake it for a gentleman Cause you want it [Interlude] + [Chorus] [repeat 2X] I'm drinkin somethin, I'm touchin somethin They need to turn up the lights, in here (They need to turn up the lights) [repeat 2X] I'm drinkin somethin tonight, I'm touchin somethin tonight They need to turn up the lights in here (turn up the lights) [T-Pain] Somebody Artist: T-Pain f/ Bei Maejor, R. Kelly Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Center of the Stage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] + (Bei Maejor) Yeh! Shawty, yeah... La-da-da-da, Bei Maejor are you ready? (Uh-huh) Bei Maejor are you ready? (Uh-huh) Do it for the eight-five-(ohhh) Eight-five-(whoa), let's go Where she was? [Chorus: Bei Maejor] She was in the center of the stage, showin me love I was so amazed, throwin up dubs Baby what it is? I just want a touch Maybe catch a grub, like it's only us In the middle of the stage, showin me love I was so amazed, throwin up dubs Baby what it is? I just want a touch Maybe get some... [Bei Maejor] {*laughter*} T-Pain [T-Pain] Nappy Boyyyyy! I swear this girl so fine, she movin so fast (fast) Putting creases in my t-shirt with her ass (ass) Baby that's your theme song, put it on the glass (glass) I just want a backstage pass And you so flyyyy - I just wanna do ya (do ya) Get ya to my crib and seduce ya ('duce ya) And have you screamin (HEY YA) while I'm givin it to ya (to ya) Baby they lame, I'm cooler (I swear) So let me knowwww, if I can be the one to show How bad you make a nigga wanna goooo, to the A-T-L  And come back with a grip so I can see you [R. Kelly] Kelz!! I thought I was the center of attraction 'Til, I saw lil' momma in action Skills (skills) ridiculous, wanna lick her like a licorice Tease her 'til that thang becomes ticklish (ye-he-he-he) Got me throwin all my money on the flo' (flo') Cause she the baddest motherfucker on the flo' That's even when the lights come on (come on) Not like these other chicks when the lights come on (on) Just wanna put her in the Coupe and take her home (home) Center of a stage when I get shorty alone Plus she bend it over well, it looks like a cloud Drove all the way up North just to see that booty South (South) [R. Kelly] T-Pain what she do? [T-Pain] She got me trippin dawg (trippin dawg) Shawty butt naked just gettin off (gettin off) I got a lil' money I'ma tip it all (tip it all) Already got up in the club, shorty what it do? Tryin to get i you [Bei Maejor] You you you... you you I spend my chips on you Spend my money, you you Spend my money, you you Spend my money, once shawty [R. Kelly] Kelz [T-Pain] T-Pain, Bei Maejor, yeahhhh Nappy Boy! Artist: T-Pain Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Regular Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yo! Ah, ah c'mon Yo! Kuh, c'mon Ahhhhhh-hahhhh (BASS) {*clearing throat*} [T-Pain] She see me in the streets, in my regular clothes She like my car, with the regular do's I'm with my peeps, they just my regular bros (and she knows) And I am not fly, noo She see me in my whip (whip, whip) she like when I drive (drive, drive) My trunk rattlin, like I got a bunch of New Boyz in my ride (ride, ride) And how do I know (know, know) cause every time I ride by she say ah-hah And if I see that ass in the club I'ma step to her like Hey regular girl, do you like regular men? Somebody said you was a 7, right here we call you twenty twin twin (Nigga) And if you a regular girl, put your hands up in the air And say ahhh-hahhh, hey~! {*clearing throat*} [T-Pain] She like it like that (yeah put it where you want it) The front to the back (yeah put it where you want it) The Benz or the 'Llac (yeah put it where you want it) How you gon' act (shorty) Hey if you a regular girl, put your hands up in the air And say ahhh-ahhh Okay (BASS) hey~! {*clearing throat*} They see me up in Encore, that's my regular club I don't wanna be a star, they show me regular love And no my rims don't spin, I'm pullin up on the, regular dubs And she knows, she feelin my style - yeah! She lovin my clique (clique, clique) she like how we roll (roll, roll) Fifty cars deep, and twenty dudes swoll And how do I know? Cause every time that we go she say ah-hah And every time I see her in the club I just step to her like [T-Pain] She like it like that (yeah put it where you want it) The front to the back (yeah put it where you want it) The Benz or the 'Llac (yeah put it where you want it) How you gon' act (shorty) Hey if you a regular girl, put your hands up in the air And say ahhh-ahhh Okay (BASS) hey~! Artist: T-Pain f/ Detail, E-40 Album: rEVOLVEr Song: Nuthin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: "nothin, nothin, nothin" repeats in background] Yo! Mm-hmm Pizzle, fire Yo, here we go Listen [Detail] You niggaz ain't nothin, nothin, nothin See me undercover fist pumpin wit'cha cousin Pull up to the club, let you hear the speakers bump With a honey in the Hummer got her cummin on my thumb I get second to none, drummer steady drummin And I dont need keys, I'm just thumpin on the button Shorty want my lovin she not thinkin nothin of it So I told her get in line, she can come and take a number She lookin at my pocket like she gettin somethin from me And if she thinks she is then this bitch is really dumbin I'm a boss, get lost Maybach, Rick Ross I'm lookin for a chick with the ability to get that booty jumpin You see what I got kickin, put my meat off in that oven And when it's all over, you can get ready for supper They say that I'm a porn star, call me T-Pumper Nothin, nothin, nothin; nothin, nothin, nothin (what you say?) {*2X*} Nothin, nothin, nothin; nothin, nothin, nothin Hey I got her shakin that thing like it... hell naw! Hell naw! Said her ass so fat, she ain't even tryin tuck it Got her suckin and fuckin like it's nothin, nothin, nothin [T-Pain] Hey~! Look at this motherfuckin rug that I'm cuttin These bitches act saditty but these chickens steady cluckin Like it's nothin, nothin, nothin, and they don't give a fuck if I'm up in the Maserati or I'm duckin in the bucket And I love it, big chain Teddy P, T-Pain That's me, I do my thang Twenty-eights, turnin lane! They see me with a couple bad bitches and they know I keep it truckin Bottle of that drink and I'm feelin kinda lucky And if they're playin games it's the deuces that I'm tuckin Cause they know why they came, they ain't fuckin, nigga fuck them In the butt (in the butt) what's up? (What's up?) Damn right you gon' let a nigga cut Fo' sho', ye ain't know? Ay! Teddy Pain from the eight-five-oh Pussy nigga ain't [E-40] Uhhh! She might be 19, but she ain't green Her coochie get sticky and gooky like vaseline (vaseline) UHHHH~!! But I'm much growner So I sent my son Droop-E on her He knocked it out the park, hit a homer off her quarters Zip up rock and a six-pack of Corona Damn fool! He a boss like his pops gamed up hella cool, beitch!! When I slide through the function, kisses and huggin Hella alcohol, and I ain't talkin 'bout rubbin Squares mean muggin, cause we forward and they backward Got a hand on they chest for nothin I got an ass on my chest for somethin (HOLD UP!) That's what I told that square ass pooter (What'chu tell that mutt?) I'll spaghetti yo' noodle She off Ciroc and that Henny in that Landy Got on pink panties lookin like Nuvo [Chorus] - repeat 2X Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon, Kardinal Offishall Album: Can't Believe It (Konvict Remix) 12" Song: Can't Believe It (Konvict Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.Com [Intro: Kardinal Offishall] Man!!!  Mi nuh know a wah do dem likkle dutty gal feel like yuh know T-Pain?! Kardinal Offishall, T-Pain, Konvict R-R-REMIX!!!! And all di man dem seh RAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! RAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! [Akon]: Why you watchin me just do you (Come on dog?) Just do you (Just do you man) Just do you Hehehehe!!!! Akon!!!! [Verse 1: Akon] I know you see it, I ain't no longer +Lonely+ Tell ya boyfriend to chill and relax when he see you rubbin all up on meeee-eeh So why he's so heated? Damn, it just dawned on me Cause if he was a G, baby just like me, we can head to ping-pong it (yeaaah) That makes me wond-a, when he gon' get you outta that Hond-a And put you in a car that you ain't never heard of like Pagani Zonda And you could meet my MOTH-a, in the east, they call her Af-rica (Mama Africa) Betcha never seen a jungle from a leer jet, waitin 'til you see how they greet ya (yeah) When you get to Senegaaaaaaal!!!! Senegaaaaaaal!!!! Senegaaaaaaal!!!! Senegaaaaaaal!!!! [Chorus: T-Pain] Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! [Verse 2: Kardinal Offishall] Hey gal let's get it poppin, From Kingston to Slawson Rudebwoy check di bulletin, big copper big Jamaica to Fulton Magnolia to Jersey, di gal a kiss it like a Hershey Mi buddy bitter like Certs, see Mi nah bow so di gal dem a curse mi CHO! From Kingston to Haiti, all a di badman rate mi (YEAH!!!!) Dem likkle pussyholes hate but dem niggas nah straight Dat dem wifey waan date mi (Gunshot!) I got more gold than Usain (Bolt) Romp wid di Konvict crew oonu must be insane Don't touch Autotune if you ain't T-Pain Cocksman Kardinal will never abstain, NO!!!! [Chorus: T-Pain] Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! Man you don't understand, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah  Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah, yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah She hit the main stage, she make the people say yeeeeeeea-aah (yeah) Yeeeeeeeeeeaa-aah (yeah), yeeeeeeeeeeaa-ah [Verse 3: t-Pain] I can put you in the condo, all the way up in TOronto Baby, put you in a fur coat, ridin the Murcilago I put you in the beach house, right on the edge of Costa Rica Put one of them lil' flowers in your hair, have you lookin like a fly mamacita - fuego 'Cause you look so GOOOOD, you make me wanna spend it all on ya Get up out this club, slide wit ya boy and we can do what you wanna - yeaaah Baby, I bought you in the back, 'cause you need a lil' persuasion Plus you need a lil' ventilation Let's talk about yoooooooooooou, and meeeeeeeeeee [Chorus: T-Pain] Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! Oh, I can't believe it! Ooh, ooh, she all on me, on me Man, man, I thank she want me, want me Naw, I, can't leave her lonely, naaaaaw! Artist: T-Pain f/ MJG, Paul Wall, Pimp C, Too $hort, Twista Album: I'm N Luv (Wit a Stripper) 12" Song: I'm N Luv Wit a Stripper (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [T-Pain talking] God damn lil' mama, you ain't heard the remix yet Twista, Paul Wall, Pimp C, MJG, Too $hort, come on baby [T-Pain] She got the body of a goddess, everybody know that Super-cute face and the booty so fat I'm in the club dropping twenty-four stacks Cuz I'm in love and that's a well known fact Like, yeah she know what she doing If a nigga chillin' with a stripper then he never go back home She got eyes butter pecan brown can't leave it alone Liking the way she break it down to the flo' Need to get her over here show her where It's about to go down right now I'm in love with a stripper [Twista] You wanna know where Twista be on fifty T-Pain invited me to Magic City I'm about to have some fun 2001, in these pocket all my e-fizzles with me I like the way mama get up on the table I like the way she pour the honey in her naval I like it when she smack her fatty and open it up in front of me I wanna touch it but I ain't able The one leg she can shake at the top of the pole Look at the laffy taffy when she pop, she roll I wanna get her in the bed right after they close When I do a video you get the popular role In the V.I.P. they get a lil' lap dance Come and grind on the willy of a black man In my ear tellin' me the shit a nigga like to hear While I nibble on ya nipple like Pac-Man She freakin' she lickin' she rubbin' Then she pulled my dick out and start suckin' All because I be the Twista Even though T-Pain told me shorty was a freak I asked her can I take her home (Down right now) [Chorus 2X - T-Pain] I'm in love with a stripper She really think I'm playing, I'm playing She take me for a joke when I say it I'm in love with a stripper Got it real hot, gotta get with her I can't stay out this club [Pimp C] Uh, young Pimp C I'm a P-I-M-P, trickin' ain't in my pedigree It really ain't bout no square love it's strictly cause she payin' me She be wantin' lay me but I can't do too much of that Cuz even though yo ass fat, freakin' off ain't where it's at But I can show you how to get out there and get it You love yo daddy I know ya with it That's why I got love for you Cuz you get out there and do what it do Workin' my piece and work the pole Break the trick you gotta pay to roll Get the money break 'em off And we in the Benz and we scratchin' off [Paul Wall] It was love at first sight when I seen that ass shakin' And bout fifty dollars later it was love in our makin' Ya simply won my heart when I saw the way ya work that pole And when you bent over ya had my wallet in a choke hold I saw you in your birthday suit and and baby it was fate When you give me a lap dance its like we gone on a date But I feel like ya cheatin' on me when I see ya dancin' with other guys I'm runnin' low on ones, I cant lie I'm in love baby [Chorus 2X - T-Pain] [MJG] I'm in love with a stripper, I need to get some stripper counselin' Cuz I'm the first one in the front row when they make a stripper announcement I think I'm fallin' in love with the one with the most ass Thin, lil' bitty waist, I'ma go and buy that bitch a Volkswagen MJG, pimp tight, no mo' tippin' stop the bill If I come in here one mo' night I'm gon' need Dr. Phil But I'm a G, I'll step back and tell them bitches outright Ain't no way I can turn a stripper into a housewife [Too $hort] The last girl was pretty but she wasn't fine as you She sexy but she couldn't do the thangs you do She could dance but nothin' like the way you move I used to want her until the day I saw you I'm a grown ass man I thought I seen it all Doin' all that on the pole and didn't even fall And right then I knew exactly what it was (What's that) I wanna fuck the baddest bitch in the club [Chorus 4X - T-Pain] Artist: T-Pain f/ Joey Galaxy * Album: RevolveR Song: Booty Wurk (One Cheek at a Time) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  * Joey Galaxy can't be found anywhere in the song {*whispers*} Fyah...  [Intro: T-Pain] Ooh~! Gotta be cool baby, knowm'sayin? [T-Pain] Jump out ya car in the middle of the street Open up your trunk, let the bass beat (bass beat) Go 'head... {*echoes*} Go 'head... {*echoes*} You gotta walk up in the club bare-footed (bare-footed) I like dat booty, you know where to put it (where to put it) Go 'head... {*echoes*} Go 'head... {*echoes*} Lil' mama you look so professional I'm followin you, sweatin you I cain't believe I'm doin what I'm doin, what is wrong with my head? {*echoes*} But go 'head... {*echoes*} Cause baby I like how you're workin it I'm watchin you, you twerkin it I'm tryna get you out of this club and get you off in my bed (ohh-OH, ah-ah) Go 'head, yeah Now [Chorus: T-Pain] Let me see that booty work, booty work, booty boo-boo-booty work Booty work, booty work, boo-boo-boo-boo-booty work Go 'head (one cheek at a time, double cheek move) Go 'head (one cheek at a time, double cheek move) Now let me see that booty work, booty work, booty boo-boo-booty work Left cheek, right cheek, left cheek, right cheek Show off! Show off! Show off! Show off! BOOM~! (One cheek at a time, double cheek move) Show off! Show off! Show off! BOOM~! (One cheek at a time, double cheek move) [T-Pain] Pause... huh Black car (black car) black rims (black rims) Black shirt (black shirt) black Timbs (black Timbs) LE'GO~! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin LE'GO~! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin Holy moly (holy moly) look at her (look at her) She got the boots (she got the boots) with the fur (with the fur) LE'GO~! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin LE'GO~! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin Now mama I can see that thong on you The DJ played the song for you I'm tryna drive my stick shift, aaaall over them curves {*echoes*} Say word... {*echoes*} If you keep playin with my fitted We gon' get it, get it, get it Girl I represent the Nappy Boy clique, so I know that you heard (ohh-OH, ah-ah) Say word {NAPPY BOOOOOY~!} Now [T-Pain] Girl it must be a crime to be as fine as you (as fine as you uh-huh) You know exactly what I'm tryin to do (tryin to do) You see me! I'm tryin to keep it jumpin (jumpin) Girl I got a Chevy with hydraulics and you remindin me of it (of it) Up and down, up and down, girl you know what's happenin (what's happenin) Brown of applause ('pplause) keep that booty clappin (clappin) Them other girls lackin what you packin (packin) And you got them embarrassed by what you got from your parents (parents) I'm tryin to see them shorts (see them shorts) spread apart I ain't comin up short (up short) Kevin Hart (Kevin Hart) Now take off! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin Take off! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin Move your feet (move your feet) cut a rug (cut a rug) Put your hands up if you the baddest in the club, HAH! Take off! C'mon baby keep on doin what you're doin (ohh-OH, ah-ah) Girl I'm tryna get you next to me but first you gotta {*whispers*} Fyah... Artist: T-Pain Album: RevolveR Song: Kiss Her Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T-Pain] AHHH, COME ON! Hey... HEY... Hey... uh-uh Had a girl that, she wanna be famous She wanna touch me, with all her fingers Then her friend came and said "Girl I love ya" Cause they're like kissin sisters, and who wanna be their brother? (uhhhh) It was pink lip gloss (uh-huh) and red lipstick I'm thinkin (I'm thinkin) I'm dreamin (I'm dreamin) Then they got closer, and closer, and closer, and then I got right up in the middle, I said girl [Chorus: T-Pain] I wanna see you kiss yo' friend, kiss her like you mean it! Yeah, you gotta do it right in front of my face I wanna see you kiss yo' friend (HEY) kiss her like you mean it! And if you do it you can come to my place, girl I wanna see you kiss yo' friend, kiss her like you mean it! Ohhhh I'm thinkin (I'm thinkin) I'm dreamin (I'm dreamin) I wanna see you kiss yo' friend (HEY) kiss her like you mean it! Ohhhh you and, yo' friend and me, K-I-S-S-I-N-Geeeee! HEY! [T-Pain] Come here girl, why you runnin? You and yo' friend, need to be tonguin Cause by the end of the night I'ma love ya Cause you're a dirty girl, and I'm a nasty motherfucker (uhhhh) It was pink lip gloss (uh-huh) and red lipstick I'm thinkin (I'm thinkin) I'm dreamin (I'm dreamin) Then they got closer, and closer, and closer, and then I got right up in the middle, I said girl [T-Pain] ... HEY! {*3X*} You and, yo' friend and me, K-I-S-S-I-N-G {*3X*} You and, yo' friend and me, K-I-S-S-S-S-S-S Artist: T-Pain f/ Rick Ross Album: RevolveR Song: Rap Song Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T-Pain] Nappy Boy ooh-weeeee, ooh-weeeee Everybody say yeahhhhh, oh oh ohhhh Hey, ay ay ay ay [T-Pain] We've been messin 'round for a long time (a long time) A while now (while now, uh) And you already know what's on my mind (mind) It's goin down now (it's goin down now?) And I don't need no background music girl I'll turn it up loud now I got the gangsta feelin And I'ma do somethin to you, to you, to you (oh) We can take it over to The Bay Where my Mistah FAB at? (FAB at, uh) Or just put on that N.W.A. Comin +Straight Outta Compton+ on that pussy baby Or we can do it all night long (night long) Haha, I'm 'bout to have yo' head goooone And I ain't doin nothin wrong But we can make love to a rap song [Chorus: T-Pain] Me and you, yo' momma and yo' cousin Baby we can make love to a rap song A milli, a milli, a milli, a motherfucker I'm ill Baby we can make love to a rap song Go shawty (uhh) it's your birthday (uhh) We gon' party like it's your birthday Where that new Jeezy CD? Put on that Yo Gotti I'm diggin in your coochie while we're listenin to Gucci on a rap song [T-Pain] And you been on my mind all day (all day) I know you're with it (know you're with it baby, uh) And I'ma do you like Kanye (yeah) Cause "I'ma let you finish" (I'ma let you finish) You can get it (you can get it!) Or we can do it East Coast style, and I'll keep on my fitted I said I got the gangsta feelin I feel like breakin you off, you off, you off (off) Or we can take it way down South Rick Ross on the iPad (cause you the Boss's girl) Super thick thighs and your booty like +Bombs Over Baghdad+ (BOOM!) Wait, hold up, she got a donk (YUP!) She got a donk (YUP!) She got a donk, I'm 'bout to have yo' head goooone And I ain't doin nothin wrong But we can make love to a rap song [Rick Ross] Uhh, uhh... My jeans sag, boy got a mean swag Right now you're rockin with the finest and I mean that (uh) Really, you the finest and I mean that (uh) Pants fitted, damnit, where your jeans at? Makin love to a rap song "Port of Miami," "Trilla," "Deeper Than Rap," uhhh Like Akon we can stack it all up Or do you like I'm Juvi', make you back it all up Uh (HOT!) That's all shorty ever was Balenciaga bags cost a couple bucks (HOT!) Is all shorty ever been Blow a couple racks in Barney's on that Phillip Lim Ballin, it's ya birthday You know that champagne'll get your boy to first base Haters do they thing, but we do it bigger #1 niggaz, Rozay and that boy Teddy Pender' [Chorus] - 2X Artist: T-Pain Album: RevolveR Song: Reverse Cowgirl Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [ad libs for first 32 seconds] [T-Pain] Welcome to my rodeo Hold on, to meeeeee Baby I will take it slow How you ride, is the keyyyyy You're gonna go left, right, front, back - and nooooo That just ain't, that-that just ain't, that - that just ain't enough I can take you everywhere, all around the world I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl [Chorus: T-Pain] (Giddy up, giddy up) Pump it up girl (sit it up, sit it up) Cause I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl (Giddy up, giddy up) Rope it up girl (sit it up, sit it up) I like how you do it, do it, do it Just put yo' hands in the air Wave 'em round and go yeeeee-hawwwwww (yeeeee-hawwwwww) Put yo' hands in the air Wave 'em round and go yeeeee-hawwwwww (yeeeee-hawwwwww, girl) [T-Pain] Baby let me rope you up Tie you down, do it riiiiiight No matter how hard you buck Gon' get wild, all niiiiiight You're gonna go left, right, front, back - and nooooo That just ain't, that-that just ain't, that - that just ain't enough I can take you everywhere, all around the world I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl [T-Pain] Hey, I'ma saddle up now baby Hold onto it tight and go whoa-whoa-whoa-whoaaaaa For eight seconds long (giddy up, giddy up) Strong (sit it up, sit it up) C'mon, ohhhhhhh I'ma saddle up now baby Hold onto it tight and go whoa-whoa-whoa, yeah yeah For eight seconds long (giddy up, giddy up) Strong (sit it up, sit it up) I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T-Pain] Hey, I like how you do it (giddy up, giddy up) Yeah (sit it up, sit it up) Cowgirl, whoa (giddy up, giddy up) Giddy up (sit it up, sit it up, sit it up...) Artist: T-Pain Album: RevolveR Song: Take Your Shirt Off Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T-Pain] T is the shit! (T is!) YEAH~! Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY! Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY! Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY! Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY! Yeah, ladies and gentlemen (do the dance, do the dance) HEY! Boys and girls, children of all ages (do the dance, do the dance) HEY! This is Nappy Boy man, this what we do - HEY! (in the air) INTRODUCIIIIING! [T-Pain] Teddy Pain, Teddy Penderazdoun Let it be known when I roll around town If your girl lost then she 'bout to be found When I rock and roll, make that +Boy Fall Out+ Teddy bears on my feet all round I'm back again, what you gon' do now? Get out of this party girl and come back to my house I'm about to show you how we do it down South Take your shirt off [Chorus: T-Pain] Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY! Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY! Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY! Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY! Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY! Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY! Brush 'em off, brush 'em off, do the dance man - HEY! Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY! I know you don't care when yo' titties e'rywhere homegirl Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY! Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY! Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY! And if you don't care put your hands in the air homegirl Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY! Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY! Hey, twist it in the air like a helicopter [T-Pain] What it is, what it's gon' be I see you in the crowd and you're lookin at me But you ain't doin nothin like you gettin it for free I don't wanna see no KNOT in that pretty white tee Take it off for me, baby girl what you gon' do? You lookin like, "Who this motherfucker talkin to?" I wanna see that Baby Phat wrap around yo' head Now answer this - is Auto-Tune really dead? Take your shirt off! [T-Pain] Hey girl, what it is? Should I take you back to my crib? And take yo' motherfuckin shirt off (heh) shirt off Take your motherfuckin shirt off, shirt off Baby girl, what's goin on? I know this is your favorite song So take your motherfuckin shirt off (haha) shirt off Take your motherfuckin shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt TAKE YOUR SHIRT OFF! [Outro] Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain Teddy Teddy, Pain Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain Teddy, Pain Teddy Pain, Pain Pain Teddy Teddy, Teddy Pain Pain Teddy, Teddy Pain {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2 Pistols f/ Tay Dizm, T-Pain Album: Death Before Dishonor Song: She Got It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League {*echoes and fades*} Yeah, 2 Pistols... T-Pain, "She Got It" [T-Pain] Ahhhh, YEAHH Yeahhh, HEY~! [Chorus: T-Pain] I know she got it cause she lookin at me like she want it (want it) She drop it low, make me wanna throw some D's on it (HEY~!) Whatever it is you cain't stop it Cause she get low, when she on that pole, and that lets me know She got it (she got it) she got it (she got it) She got it (she got it) she got it (she got it) Ooooooooh! (she got it) she got it (she got it) Whoahh (she got it) shor-tay (she..got..it) [2 Pistols - overlaps last line of Chorus] Ay, supermodel, lemme holla at you for a second... Excuse moi, let me talk to you for a second Lil' mama so fine she got the whole squad sweatin Damn, how you fit all that in them jeans? Was the question that I asked followed by let me buy you a drink (drink) Young boss baby, I treat'cha treat'cha to the finer things The neck bling, wrist bling, wedding ring - nah~! I'm playin Might light you neck or your wrist But'cha gotta ride nice dick and uhh, take trips with the bricks She got it (she got it) she got it (she got it) that's what Pain said Them other niggaz lame man, lil' mama I got the game plan 2 Pistols, me and you boss I make it happen while they talk, ridin 6's while they walk [Interlude: T-Pain] + {2 Pistols} Ooooh (HEY!) ooooh (HEY!) She got it (she got it) - {she got it, she got it} Ooooh (HEY!) ooooh (HEY!) She got it (she got it) - {she got it, she got it} Shorty know she's got it (HEY!) got it, got it (HEY!) She got it (she got it) - {she got it, she got it} Shorty know she's got it (HEY!) got it, got it (HEY!) She got it (she got it) - {she..got..it) [2 Pistols] Damn she bad (damn she bad) damn she thick (yes indeed) Five foot five, hazel eyes, redbone you da shit Make a nigga wanna stop and stare, I just wanna pull your hair Freaky shit, kinky shit, but we don't need to take it there I'm a young boss girl, let me upgrade ya He's a worker, I get work out, what you 'bout girl Trips to Venice (Venice) what's the bid'ness Bet this, Swiss your digits, and the rest is history [Tay Dizm] I see my superwoman, nobody cain't do it like she can And she got it, I'm tellin you like nobody YEAH And I love the way she talk them lames out they dreams Bestest thing in fresh Louis with the matching jeans And I love the tatted down baby, I'm your fit Can I be yo' appetizer, yo just her and me Oh, she's on tonight, the baddest in the club I grab that ass when she give me a hug cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2 Pistols f/ T-Pain Album: She Got It 12" Song: She Got It (Original Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League] "J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League..." [2 Pistols] Yeah 2 Pistols T-Pain She got it [T-Pain] Ah-ah (Yeah, yeah) Ah-ah (Yeah, yeah) HEY! [Chorus: T-Pain] I know she got it cause she lookin' at me like she want it (Want it) She drop it low, maybe wanna throw some D's on it (Hey!) Whatever it is, you can't stop it Cause she get low When she on that pole And that let's me know She got it (She got it) She got it (She got it) She got it (She got it) She got (She got it) Oooh! (She got it) She got it (She got it) Whoa-oh (She got it) Shawty She got it [Verse 1: 2 Pistols {T-Pain in background}] Excuse moi, let me talk to you for a second Little mama so fine she got the whole squad sweatin' (DAYMN!) "How you fit all that in them jeans?" Was the question that I asked Followed by "Let me buy you a drink" (Drink) Young boss baby, I treat you Treat you to the finer things The neck bling, wrist bling Wedding ring (Nah, I'm playin') Might light ya neck or your wrist But you gotta ride a nice dick and, uh Take trips with the bricks (Hey yeah) "She got it {She got it} She got it" That's what Pain said {She got it} Them other niggas lame man, little mama, I got the game plan 2 Pistols, bein' your boss I make it happen while they talk Ridin' 6's while they walk Break: [T-Pain] Oooh (Hey!)    Oooh (Hey!)    She got it (She got it) [2 Pistols] She got it, she got it [T-Pain] Oooh (Hey!)    Oooh (Hey!)    She got it (She got it) [2 Pistols] She got it, she got it [T-Pain] Shawty know she's got it (Oooh, yeah)    Got it, got it, got it (Oooh, yeah)    She got it (She got it) [2 Pistols] She got it, she got it [T-Pain] Shawty know she's got it (Oooh, yeah)    Got it, got it, got it (Oooh, yeah)    She got it (She got it)    She got it [Verse 2: 2 Pistols] Damn, she bad (Damn, she bad) Damn, she thick (Yes indeed) Five foot five, hazel eyes, redbone, you da shit (Shit) Make a nigga wanna stop and stare (Stare) I just wanna pull your hair Freaky shit, kinky shit You don't need to take it there I'm a young boss, girl (Girl) Let me upgrade ya (Ya) He's a worker, I get work out, what you 'bout, girl (Girl) Trips to Venice (Venice) What's the bid'ness (Bid'ness) Bet this, swiss the digits And the rest is history The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ace Hood f/ DJ Khaled, Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: Gutta Song: Cash Flow Typed by: lil_lano452003@yahoo.com (DJ Khaled) We the best Def Jam I introduce you to Ace ace let's get money (Rick Ross & T-Pain) Cash flow... (haha) It's too easy nigga (bankroll) we don't count money no mo we weight that shit Let's get it... (Ace Hood Verse) Eh knock knock, bang bang where the cash at If you ain't got it leave you bloody like a tampax Come up swinging at you thugs aflac Then I fall in the sway back may back See I'm back for the money like I left dat See I be runnin on the route where the cash go (where the cash go) And any nigga interfering with the cash flow So he can get pumped on like Citgo Make his body bounce bounce like a 64 Tall clips chrome lips see the big gold I'm a duffle bag boy like I move coke Big crack threw tha music so the flow dope I keep my money ova bitches til the door close I need money like a bitch need dick mo I'm tryna see it like a motherfuckin castro rubber bands in my pants and a swift bankroll (T-Pain Chorus) I'll tell ya one thang don't play about mine I be bangin on your front door wit the nine I'ma come see ya (see ya) I'ma come see ya (see ya) I need all my dough not a dolla short And if you dont have it then you gotta go I'ma come see ya(see ya) hey hey we put our hands In the sky let em kno dat we bout that Cash flow..I need it on time I'm talkin bank roll my money my money my money Cash flow...I need it on time I'm talkin bank roll my money my money my money... (Ace Hood Verse) And where my money young niggaz gotta have that Rubber bands by the grands in a big bag Pockets fat like I'm carrying a backpack A couple grand for the louie band napsack Understand I'm the man who you can't match Moneyman minivan full of brown bags Better grand anyman never top that Cause money and the gat pop those straps Getting loot in the top drop right back I ain't playin creep ya avenue and I'll blast Bust shots like a new year day blast And I ride all day like a buss pass Grindin hard for the bread and the cash flow Kick doors wave 4's where the cash go (where the cash go) I'm trying to see it like a motherfuckin castro Rubber bands in my pants and a swift bankroll (T-Pain Chorus Repeat) (Rick Ross Talking In Chorus) Ace I see you nigga Trilla You M.O.B now nigga You untouchable (Rick Ross Verse) Big money in the dope hole See the beamers when ya pull up in the dope home (my money) Seventeen and he got his own kilo Running green nigga living like nino Ridin clean wax sittin for the c note It ain't green get it back with tha c loc Momma dead broke daddy fucked up I'ma make them come and hit me with the recoup God dammnit I'm still in the dope spot Why the fuck you think I pull up in a dope car Gold shoes stepping out with a dope bitch Cartel so she gotta suck four dicks ID me VIP DJ Khaled M.O.B. Girls so hot ace so cold takin bets ace won't fold (T-Pain Chorus Repeat) Hey we go by the runners just incase you forgot we did it again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ T-Pain Album: Freedom Song: Holla Holla Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Akon] + (T-Pain) (Holla holla) At you girl (Holla holla) At you girl (Holla holla) At you girl, yeah Akon (Holla holla) And T-Pain (Holla holla) You need to quit it, ohh Girl you need to quit it [Akon] So many girls outside, and I wanna go take a cruise And I know you a sex machine and I wanna do somethin new to you The way you roll them thighs, and your girl doin it too If you want we can mix it up, I could set it up, she can get it too We got plenty of dranks, plenty plenty of water We got plenty of dank comin from Cali-uh-fornia And we all got that bank so believe we can afford this So stop, playin and show me what you can do And don't be actin like that (like that) I know you wanna ride Cause my Lamborghini doors go up and down Now all these gorillas here, all these women here Somebody here gon' fuck [Chorus: Akon] + (T-Pain) That's why I'm tryin to holla holla (holla holla) holla holla (holla holla) Holla holla (holla holla) holla holla (holla holla) I'm tryin to holla holla (holla holla) holla holla (holla holla) Let me holla at you girl [T-Pain] + (Akon) Yeah got a big ol' truck outside, sittin on 26's And I'm 'bout to start my ride, with about twenty bitches And they all like girls, so they all be kissin That's why I'm tryna put you in this, girl While I'm in this club, gotta get my groove on If you wanna roll with a nigga, go with a nigga try to get a move on And I hope that you like girls, cause I wanna see you kissin And now I'm tryna put you in my world So don't be actin like that (like that) I know you wanna ride Cause my Lamborghini doors go up (and down) (Now all these gorillas here, all these women here) Somebody here gon' fuck [Chorus: T-Pain] That's why I'm tryin to holla holla (holla holla) holla holla (holla holla) Holla holla (holla holla) holla holla holla holla (holla holla) Holla holla (holla holla) holla holla (holla holla) Ohh let me holla at you girl [Akon] Ohhh, shorty, said you want a playa with money So why you actin funny with me? I ain't tryin to prove nothin to you Shorty I'm tryin to do somethin to you, yeah [T-Pain] Shorty, uh, I'm tryin to holla holla He just a roll of pennies, I'm a stack of dollars I'm tryna see what you gon' do Cause baby I'm, tryna leave here with you Now don't be [Akon] + (T-Pain) Actin like that (like that) I know you wanna ride Cause my Lamborghini (doors) go up (and down) Now all these gorillas and, all these women here Somebody here gon' fuck [Chorus/Outro: T-Pain + Akon] That's why I'm tryin to holla holla, holla holla, holla holla, holla holla Holla hollaaaaaa, holla holla, holla holla I'm tryin to holla, holla holla, holla hollaaaaaa Let me holla at you girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby Bash f/ Mickael, T-Pain Album: Cyclone * Song: Cyclone Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com * track was pre-censored before release [Mickael] Oh (Oh)    Oh (Oh)    Oh (Oh)    {*Mickael scats*} [T-Pain] The mighty cyclone Chorus: Mickael She moves her body like a Cyclone And she makes me wanna do it all Night long Going hard, when they turn the spot Lights on Because she moves her body like a Cyclone Just like a cyclone (She moves her body like a) Cyclone And she makes me wanna do it all Night long Going hard, when they turn the spot Lights on Because she moves her body like a Cyclone The mighty cyclone [Baby Bash] (Verse 1) Now look at that Dumper on the back of that bumper She ain't even Playing when she shaking that rumpa And, oh, you ain't Know, she get lower than a muffler Either with her girlfriends Or showstoppin' with her hustler The way she move her body, she might see the Maserati She wanna put it on me, tryin' to show me her tsunami She make it hard to copy, always tighten, never sloppy And got an entourage and her own paparazzi Now, there she go Again, ridin' through the stormy weather You better button Up, if you wanna go get her Cause it is What it is, everybody wanna love her But when she Pop it, boy, you better run for cover {*thunder*} Repeat Chorus (Verse 2) It's a rap When she breakin' boys off the typhoon (It's a rap) Gotta get that feri like a boss Tycoon (It's a rap) Now hold it steady, cause she make a monsoon (It's a rap) Now you can Google, download to iTunes See, what I'm sayin', she ain't playin', bet she got the mans turnin' You gon' hear 'em clack-clack, when them heels get to burnin' Stiletto so fuego She got her own label And got us all doin' her tomato Ugh! Hook: T-Pain Shawty got looks (And) Shawty got class Shawty got hips (And) Shawty got ass Once she hits the stage, she Drop it down low like {*T-Pain revving*} Hey! This is crazy It's amazing She must be the one, the lady {*T-Pain revving*} Oh! Repeat Chorus {*T-Pain revving*} [T-Pain] Oh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman & Lil Wayne f/ Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: Like Father, Like Son Song: Know What I'm Doin' Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check) Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck) Yeah (Take a picture) Click click (Take a picture) click click (Check me out!) Yeah I know what I'm doin' [Verse 1 - Rick Ross] Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks Started on a corner now a nigga 106 Heroin ain't quiet nah you can't quiet mine I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores When you hear the (brrrr) you know I got the sack 'Cause when I hit the (brrrr) he always got the packs M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake hoe If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard Put Ross on the front just to front hard Cash Money money comin' on freight liners Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [Verse 2 - Birdman] We got the swine wit' the suede on top The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots Keep the tool in my hand 'cause we get it 'round the clock Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks Them niggaz poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another till dropped 250 on the grill spent the same on the watch Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [Verse 3 - Lil Wayne] Started wit' some hubbers 12 years old Maan I swear to God I was 12 years old My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it 'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off Them niggaz runnin' up the terminal we takin' off They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard Nigga I mack hard bitch I'm a bad boy Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars You know my name baby that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby And if that nigga hatin' on ya then fuck him baby I tell 'em fuck 'em girl 18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world Bitch what you tryna do? I haven't spent a check yet off Tha Carter 2 I am that fuckin' dude now who the fuck are you? [Chorus - T-Pain - 2X] [music to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ T-Pain Album: Underrated Song: Better Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Oooooooo [4x] Yeah, T-Pain, Bow Weezy T-Pain sing to em Ohhh, Baby, they can all say what they want cause you make it do what it do (Do what it do [3x]) But you just keep living ya life and they keep wasting time hating on you (Hating on you [2x]) They be hating on you, hating on you, hating on you And they get mad when you win cause that's when they lose, that's when they lose, that's when they lose And you got better shit to do with your time [Verse 1] They hating on ya, because they know you bad Must be doing something right, if you got these bitches mad She never met her pops he left when she was five Now she 19 stripping enough just to pay the bills A single parent mom know it gotta be hard Plus her baby daddy never seen the kid She searching for love and she say that it's tough Because she dances it's hard to find a man And between all that she still in school Using college as a back up plan And like Pac said, keep ya head up I know it's hard at times, you get fed up But don't let up, gotta stay strong But whatever you do just don't give up Don't worry bout em, just do you Stay focused, get on your grind Just know that you can call on me Whenever them niggaz get out of line And see a good friend is so hard to find Somebody who down to ride The best is yet to come for you Don't let nobody steal your pride Ohhh, Baby, they can all say what they want cause you make it do what it do (Do what it do [3x]) But you just keep living ya life and they keep wasting time hating on you (Hating on you [2x]) They be hating on you, hating on you, hating on you And they get mad when you win cause that's when they lose, that's when they lose, that's when they lose (That's when they lose baby, yeah) And you got better shit to do with your time [Verse 2] You done came up, that's why everybody done changed up You would think you worked at Gold's gym The way you done stepped your weight up Got a new man and got a new life She bout to become a new wife Looking like a new woman Feels like you been blessed twice Done stopped dancing and graduated All it took was a little patience Never mind how you got here Just know that you finally made it I'm just living in it but it's your world You deserve it, you worked hard, you ballin' now Got a new car, no car note, cause it's paid off (Damn) I'm proud of ya, (proud of ya) you came a long way (Yeah) And if you need some inspiration Just let this song play Because a good friend is so hard to find Somebody who down to ride The best is yet, to come for you Don't let nobody steal your pride Ohhh, Baby, they can all say what they want cause you make it do what it do (Do what it do [3x]) But you just keep living ya life and they keep wasting time hating on you (Hating on you [2x]) They be hating on you, hating on you, hating on you And they get mad when you win cause that's when they lose, that's when they lose, that's when they lose And you got better shit to do with your time [Hook] Aye, let em, let em, let em hate That's why they hating girl, you winning so don't pay em no attention Let em, let em, let em hate Jealous of ya cause they can't be in your position Let em, let em, let em hate That's why they hating girl, you winning so don't pay em no attention Let em, let em, let em, let em hate jealous of ya cause they can't be in your position Ohhh, Baby, they can all say what they want cause you make it do what it do (Do what it do [3x]) (Yeah, Aye sing to em Pain) But you just keep living ya life and they keep wasting time hating on you (Hating on you [2x]) (Yeah, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ohhh) They be hating on you, hating on you, hating on you And they get mad when you win cause that's when they lose, that's when they lose, that's when they lose (Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah) And you got better shit to do with your time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ Johnta Austin, T-Pain Album: The Price of Fame Song: Outta My System Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Oooooh, Damn! I mean I just keep thinkin about you (awww baby) I mean I wanna move on but I can't move on (oh, oh, oh, ooooh) it's like you got some kind of hold on me and I don't know, but I'm a go ahead and talk about it, Listen [Verse 1 - Bow Wow] I'm sittin lookin out the window like damn tryna fix this situation that's at hand You still runnin through my mind - when I'm knowin that you shouldn't be me all on ya mind, I'm knowin that it couldn't be cause you ain't called, and I ain't even apalled I still got alot of pain, I ain't dealt with it all I been runnin 'round with other chicks - I'm single and they lovin it I'm likin it, but I just want the one that I was in love with that's not the end of it - I'm tryna let you go I can't get a grip of it, is what I'm tryna let you know You gotta hold of some kinda control on me I don't know what it is - but I gotta get you gone from me I'm workin at it and it ain't gettin no better just tryna be like "yeah, forget it, whatever" instead of starrin out this glass - lookin at this bad weather damn I gotta pull myself together, cause... [Chorus - T-Pain] When I'm with somebody, all I think 'bout is you when I'm all alone - that's all I wanna do I miss the smiley faces in my sidekick, out of town visits all the time we spent together, makes it hard to get you outta my system You know what you do to me (do to me) - you don't even understand damn - you know what you do to me (do to me) it's so hard to get you outta my system [Verse 2 - Bow Wow] I'm too attached my heat want let me fall back I got it bad that's what you can call that (ah) and when I see you in the streets that's the worse for me use to love the little things you did, that's what works for me it's too major, don't see you in my pager know what you doin?, where you at?, or can I see you later? the fellas tellin'me just let her go Bow believe me I'm tryin man I just don't know how I be in all the hot spots - leavin with the hot shots knowin they just want me cause i'm the top spot that's not poppin, and my brain ain't stoppin thinkin who she with?, or where she goin?, is she club hoppin? I never had this kinda problem in my life this is my first time dealin with this kind of fight it's every night, and every flight, and everytime you in my sight damn, this ain't even right....cause [Bow Wow - Repeat 2x] Is it wrong for me to feel this way You been runnin thru my mind all day - can you feel me I been tryna get you off my mind but I can't after all this time - that's what kills me [Bow Wow] I remember everything that me and you talked about me and you had our whole life planned out together and if I could, I would turn back the hands of time and correct all my mistakes that I ever did but now I guess I gotta move on right? it's still hard and I still love you to this day...Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ T-Pain Album: New Jack City II Song: She's My Typed by: AZ Lyrics (L.B. Dub) Uh huh C I aint afraid to let the whole world know Know what I'm sayin You could call me bow wow But tonight.. I'm Lamborghini Moss Real special occasion you know? And Pain Lets go get em again hommie [Bow Wow] Lil mama bad man she fine she a dime she a problem Bedroom time boy I make her yell like the khaled So hood check her swag I'm like anything you can have Rent american express get what you want got every bag Niggas mad say I'm symmin her gurls think she trippin We don't even feed into that bull like jordan and pimpin Don't be trippin when she or he be at the club with other woman when I be out on tour she be the only thing I'm missin Late night she hit my sidekick like bow come over Treat her like the 4th quarter and put that D on her She put up with all my bullshit and all of my drama And I kno that she one because I let her meet my mama [T-Pain] She's my And when I'm gone girl I miss ya can't nobody do me like you shawty She's my only love She's my (only love) She's my She hold me down everybody know she model around town She's my only love C that's my girl I aint afraid to let the whole world know [Bow Wow] Niggas try to holla but she know they lame Can't no other nigga do it like this mane I done been with a lot of gurls in my lifetime but this right here this a real thang I spoil her adore her give her cash to go the malla My ride or die my down ass like destiny I'm her soldier When she be feelin down I give her love and I mean all of it And she my lil bust it baby like neyo and plies and them Look good when she walk around my crib in them boys shorts, wife beat And when I lick that spot c she get real moist catered food on the jets me and her be taking trips Passports full of stamps been there every continent she all my and she so fine and girls like this so hard to find that's why I knew first day I saw her shit I had to make her mine [T-Pain x2] She's my And when I'm gone girl I miss ya can't nobody do me like you shawty She's my only love She's my (only love) She's my She hold me down everybody know she model around town She's my only love C that's my girl I aint afraid to let the whole world know uh un The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ T-Pain Album: The GreenLight 4 (Mixtape) Song: Welcome Home Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: T-Pain] Yo And that was prevolver ladies and gentleman Hm-mm Okay Aye Thank you for listening; now I must get it in I can't leave rap alone I'm not finished bitch These cudos try to take away my spinach shit But my new york niggaz steady tell me get it kid You know I'm with it kid Put in my blood and sweat for you Now I'm holly and debt for you Got mad respect for you And if you can't respect that I'm charlie murphy on these niggaz 'take this check back' Robbin' niggaz faces like I'm 303 Beautiful girls around the world like I'm b.o.b Dope lyrics come out my mouth come hear a kilo speak I guarantee I lay it down like I'm ceelo green But I'm a star now 32 cars now Bugott's and lamborghini's pull that double r out The legacy will start now I wish you could see me I'm in this muthafuckin' booth pouring my heart out (hey) Yeah [Chorus: x2] Hey If this ain't where I'm supposed to be Somebody show me how to get there Uh, I be rappin' I be trappin' I'm what's happa-neen' We ain't dinger rapping r&b singer t Yeeahh! [Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko] I travelled the world All on top of your girl I'm winning anyway Kali baby Na, na I shoulda been here a long time ago Somebody told me I wouldn't make it with ventilator on my face I'm survival with the grace of god and tech n9ne The way I doodle on the paper google me and check mine I'm not finished with this by damn far I had to pause a minute tell a bitch get in the damn car Keep my mind on my money says my grandpa Been gunnin for the stars and try'na be right where the fans are It's gonna take a miracle, this journey's been too difficult Get my money gotta live it up a life is pitiful But eat and sleep and shit ain't right before biggie and tupac I piggy bag off niggaz so my piggy bank is real fat Now I'm finished but I won't be leaving Big chris I'm the shit if you must something's sneaking That's me [Chorus: T-Pain] [Verse 3: Bow Wow] Uhh, what the fuck they talking bout? You know I'm out rapping any rap artist out Cash money records big stones in my necklace Don't feel sorry for my father left me and my mom's neglected Smoking on that hydro, represent ohio Girls lining up too slot me up wherever I go Chucks and some sweatpants, gotta keep it og Don't change for nobody shit that's what snoop told me Every movie I do it equals more sluts Niggaz mad cause my paper longer than my tour bus And too my competition, I'm coming for that title I'm the nicest nigga doin it I put that on the bible I just got to crush em, shit on em then flush em Rub what I acknowledge em muhfucka who ain't nothing Any city I step into my presence felt You think you hotter than me, kill yourself! Artist: Bun B f/ T-Pain  Album: Trill O.G.  Song: Trillionaire  Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com  [Intro - T-Pain]  I know they hatin on me, 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (I'm a self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (I'm a self made), trillionaaaaaire  [Verse 1 - Bun B]  Okay, let's get this shit crackalatin ('latin), no more procrastinatin ('natin)  They told me Bun don't hesitate, don't keep these bastards waitin (waitin)  I'm puttin egos at check and I'm so emasculatin ('latin)  People stop to stare and say "damn this nigga's fascinatin" ('natin)  We blowin 'dro up in the air, you smell it? That's the fragrance (fragrance)  I got the focus, got the heart and I got the patience (patience)  You hatin bitch, get off my dick, look like you on some gay shit (gay shit)  I'm tryin to take this to the mountain top, Appalachian ('lachian)  But it's a rocky road (road) and I'm still movin up  And ain't no movin us, so keep it pushin, get to movin bro (for real)  You might be new to me but you know I ain't new to ya  Go ask the white boys, they say he's totally tubular (dude)  Fuckin bad bitches, rub my dick against their uvula  Everytime I hit the streets, it's like a fuckin movie bro (damn)  You know what I do to ya, send gladiators through to ya  They gon' leave ya chopped up, like they was DJ Screwin ya, hold up  [Chorus 1 - T-Pain]  Yeah, I know they hatin on me (on me), 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaaaaire  [Verse 2 - Bun B]  Okay, let's get this shit poppin off (off), from the go know I'm a boss (boss)  I don't fuck with lames and do my dirt nigga without a loss (loss)  I keep it pimpin, fly ass hoes come in and out the loft (loft)  When you get fettuccine, you don't need a lot of sauce (sauce)  I gets my Gucci on, my baby likes a lot of Prada (Prada)  She go and shop until she drop, she know Don Dada got her (got her)  But she not shotgun in the slab, oh no I got a shotter (shotter)  He keep that shotgun in the slab and roll without a nada (nada)  He keep his eyes wide open, he's a hater spotter (spotter)  And when they roll up on me wrong, then he's a hater dropper (dropper)  And he don't mess around when niggaz try to play Big Papa (Papa)  He keep it gangsta nigga, he go gone and sprayed the chopper (chopper)  'Cause I don't roll with fake people and I never will (will)  I represents the G code, to the lead steel (steel)  Don't make me have to draw down, when that Beretta peel (peel)  Then you gon' understand that Bun B is forever trill, hold up  [Chorus 2 - T-Pain]  Yeah, I know they hatin on me (on me), 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), girl, do you swear to keep in gangsta?  [Verse 3 - Bun B] (T-Pain)  Gangsta than a motherfucker, trill until I D-I-E, fuck these other suckers  (What's your message to the fakers?)  They throwin rocks and hidin hands  It don't really matter, this the dirty South, we ridin man  (How long you been up on that trill shit?)  Since the day they made me and from a baby  Until today they never played me  (Well, throw your hands up)  From P.A.T. to your town, ain't no need to slow down  Baby boy, it's about to go down  [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Akon, Diddy, Lil' Wayne, Ron Browz, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: Arab Money (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Arab Money (Remix Part One) Typed by: robtorres82@gmail.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo, somebody tell Steven Spielburg and George Lucas thank you for directing this movie! [Ron Browz] Hashi Miki Hallah! Means It's The Remix! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Look, you can talk about your money but I really don't care I'm into coppin strange shit, now I'm trying to buy air! (gasps) As the first black nigga that a rap trillionaire I control heat, I'm 'bout to buy the ozone layer! I'm into copping minerals now, diamonds and granite So much paper I could probably gift wrap a planet And clone a million Janets Respect my accomplishments Asalama Lakem Rak Ma Tullai Barigato! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Two: Diddy] Hum Dillelah with my billions pilin Im just wylin bought 2 islands Laksh mi matalin diamonds is salmon Bout to buy 5th ave, bitch i'm just stylin Money insane While Jay was poppin bottles I was buyin out planes just to fly around Spain Fuck a recession, I'm still invested Bout to buy Dubai and swim in the shark section Fuck it, the dark section Bitch, that's the Barack section [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] (*Diddy) OHHH!!! (*We gettin Bad Boy money! We gettin Bad Boy money!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Three: Ron Browz] You might catch me in a coup that cost 100 thous Haka La Shika means I love you Ron Browz My money make noise, yours quiet as a mouse Send an email Ether Boy's in the house All the girls love me, yeah i pop bubbly Haka Hashahi means shorty dumb ugly Find me on the dance floor doin the duggy Trucks sit high dude, next to your buggy [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Swizz Beatz) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Don't even call me Swizz no more, call me Kasseem {?} Dean, my government is oils) [Verse Four: Swizz Beatz] When I come through, hit you with that brand new Bugatti Coupe Damn thang, only only sits two But you know who (who?) goon, who be ridin in my passenger Side, we be flyin shit, 2.5 in it Hey, h-hey-hey-HEY - I'm in my Jeezy watchin TV She call me Ha-Habeni while she feedin my linguini Left right, l-left right - that Arab dance poppin right Swizz Beatz, Busta Bus, the money money buss pipes [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (T-Pain) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Five: T-Pain] I let my chain hang down with the rest of them Teddy Pain rain down on the rest of them Mr. stripper man that be hollerin get 'em man, I'm at 'em man Rubberband droppin money bombs like a Taliban AH LA LA!!!! We gettin Arab money (Money!) You want this hook you 'gon pay that money Save that money, give it to my kids I'll take that honey, give her all my kids like AH LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) {T-Pain} Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! {SWAG!!!} Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!!} We gettin Arab money! {HEY!!} [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (AKON!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!} (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) {NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!} [Verse Six: Akon] I got that Arab money (money) Four-star Bismillah Hirrahman Nirrahim Straight cash when I come in Lemme exchange the currency 'cause it's all foreign I got that A-RAB MONEY!! Wakin up to five kinds, ya mind's in the money Diamond mines still runnin on all of Africa, you can ask Tarzan [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) (*Lil' Wayne) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (SENEGAL!!!!! SENEGAL!!!!!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (HEY!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) (*Alright Bus!) [Verse Seven: Lil' Wayne] (Busta Rhymes) Calendar say I get money everyday Smile look like iced out Perrier Marry me a G and tell her kids that I was Now jump into your grave if you dig what I dug Cash Money Universal multi check Twenty chains look like a scarf on my neck Young Money Entertainment girls and fame (Adopt a mu'fucker in the money hall of fame, Arab money) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ T-Pain Album: Back on My B.S. Song: Hustler's Anthem '09 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Busta] It's too late to turn back now nigga, now nigga Get your money, get your money  Busta Bust Get your money, get your money  Ty Fyffe Get your money, get your money Ay I'm 'bout to activate a Wonder Twin power on they ass Get your money, get your money  T-Pain get 'em! (yeah) [Chorus: T-Pain] You should already know when I walk in the do' that it ain't no use in frontin on me (frontin on me) I'm a hustle, I'ma do my thang You already know what it's gon' be (what it's gon' be) I keep hustlin (yeah) I keep hustlin (yeah) I keep hustlin (yeah) I keep hustlin (yeah) And if you feel me put your hands up and come and sing the hustler's anthem with me It's anthem like la la la la la  yeah, yeah La la la la la  I keep hustlin doooooooooough La la la la - ohh La la la la  I keep hustlin dough La la la la la  yeah, yeah La la la la la  I keep hustlin doooooooooough La la la la - ohh La (yeah) la (yeah) la, la  I keep hustlin dough [Busta Rhymes] Check, okay LET'S GO! What it do, what it do all day Come through and get it jumpin, throwin money away It don't matter if you're hustlin a bundle of yay Or you got a 9-to-5, let the champagne spray Veuve Clic', a little Dom or Jout Ros Two chicks on my arm when I step, okay Gillette razor sharp, you know the boy don't play D.C. ten drop me down to Saint-Tropez, yay Let the money machine roll on We been needin a nigga like you in the streets so long E'ry time I drop see I can never do no wrong I'll progress, you and your little crew prolong, gone! You hater niggaz, I know your forte (uh-huh) We blind your little shine, fuck what you portray While you wanna leave I know your little chick wan' stay And if you violate see I'll make sure you ALL gon' pay, hey! [Chorus] w/ Busta ad libs [Busta Rhymes] Hey world, the god's back in town (uh-huh) You ain't gon' wanna miss it when the shit go down (uh-uh) We celebratin like we throwin money around (uh-huh) Bring a lot of 'trn, I'm 'bout to order a couple of rounds Look, I know at times it probably seem like the hardest when you ain't got it, but you gotta go and get it regardless Check it, get on your hustle homie  get up and go And do it proper for them  federal notes And go and cop a island; and do a lot so I could - stack up a row With a couple billion with a  stash and a flow Up in the mansion, listen I'm only tellin you the theme of this caper is get your money nigga, stack up your paper Let's keep it goin, ohh! [Chorus] w/ Busta ad libs [Busta Rhymes] Peep the way the kid be bangin 'em random (uh-huh) And the way the bitches spaz the way they throwin a tantrum (uh-huh) Tryin to hustle, cop a plane, a couple ships nigga and some You hustle up on the block, some niggaz hustle a ransom NOW  but as long as you can go and mustle a grip Whether you shinin from a grind or if you hustle legit Either way get money nigga, turn on the switches for power hustlin and stack all your riches That's how we on it, yeah! (yeah) [Chorus] w/ Busta ad libs [T-Pain] La la la la la The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Fabolous, T-Pain, Yo Gotti Album: Quality Street Music Song: Goin' Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Drama & Fabolous] Y'all ready? This what it's all about right? The quality The streets The music Quality street music, niice [Fabolous] Quality shit, they holla we it These fake niggaz who rich, we checkin every dollar we get I'm oh so flyer than a pilot be, shit, why you want some more Tryna' figure out who stylin me, shit Women only cheat for a reason, I probably be it Molly she want, Molly she get Out in LA at the day party, Saturday at colony shit Sorry niggaz that-away with your apology shit You lame niggaz make me break out, ology shit We was leaders before they knew how many follows we get Ridin to some Wu-Tang, while I be lit Maybe put shoes on the Ghost, Wallabee shit You little niggaz don't get it do you? And if you got it I'm one of the few that get it to you Drama said it's goin down, so I brought some loot out Racked up like the balls at the 3-point shootout [Chorus: T-Pain] Man it's goin down, get at me I do it for my town, because they love me I came from the ground, down in my blessings Man it's goin down, get at me I do it for my town, because they love me I came from the ground, down in my blessings [Yo Gotti] Them niggaz don't understand you, other shit that man do Quality street music I'm on my rapper shit, tryna' get out my trappa' shit Got up on my computer shit, should have been on my APPA shit Runnin from SWAT cars, givin them cracked jaws I got that gangsta grill, now I'm a hood star, now I'm a hood star That mean I push cocaine, or show a whole thang In my hood I got an alias, don't say my whole name, I'm a hood star Homie they gon lock me up, I'm still gon' make it to the top nigga Paid off violence, they sayin we parish This is quality music, from the hood to the alleys They indicted my nigga, haters want him to fail Who thought quality street music could save him from jail [Yo Gotti] Hey, I'm just tryin to get some bread Quality street music They sayin hip hop dead, just got a text from Drama and this is what it read This that cocaine music, and we do this shit with quality, that's why nobody hot as me DJ, DJ, Bring that shit back for me I told you so, DJ Drama made a sec for me Now I'm secced up and I'm wrecked up When I hit the club I'mma act up And I'm goin down and I'm macked up And I'm doubtin I come back up I'm bottle poppin', I'm hole poppin' I'm pullin up and I'm show stoppin' 12 Pack of that rolls, 6 pack of that gold And I'm goin so hard, my Took my first million dollars, went and spent them on cars 65 for the rollie watch, 80 pointers and they head up 30 shots in the semi-clock, and I ain't never been scared of DJ Drama we the realest nigga, street music make em' feelin equal [Outro: DJ Drama, Fabolous & Yo Gotti] It go gram right, man right Only if I could see this shit in hindsight Put me on the scale, make sure I'm weighin right And put a couple grams on my sony mic Quality street music nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ludacris, Rick Ross, Snoop Dogg, T-Pain Album: Victory Song: All I Do Is Win Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind, I can never get enough And every time I step up in the building Everybody hands go UP... And they stay there, and they say yeah And they stay there - up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air, make 'em stay there! [Ludacris] Yeah, listen, LUDA! Ludacris goin in on the verse cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now Keep your hands up, keep 'em in the sky  for the homies that ain't make it and my folks locked down I never went nowhere, but they sayin Luda's back Blame it on that conjure, the hood call it Luda 'gnac And I'm on this foolish track, so I spit my foolish flow My hands go up and down, like strippers' booties go My verses still be servin, tight like a million virgins Last time on the Khaled remix, now I'm on the original version Can't never count me out, y'all better count me in Got twenty bank accounts, accountants count me in Make millions every year (yeah) the South's champion (yeah) Cause all I do, all I - all I - all I - all I do is AY, WOO! [Rick Ross] Win, win, who? Boss Boss, swervin in my lo-lo Head on the swivel, you know servin me's a no-no Clean as a whistle as I pull out in my Rolls Royce Yellow bone passenger, they see it they say "oh boy" Tell Khaled back it up, my niggaz call me loco Down for armed traffickin, don't make me pull that fo'-fo' Ask you what you laughin at - represent that mud life! Dirty money bitch you better get yo' mud right! We come together holdin hands and holla thug life We all strapped in all black, it's like fuck life (all we do is win!) You ridin to what (WHAT!) cause we ridin tonight (tonight!) Now she ridin with me cause you wasn't ridin her right Ross! [Snoop Dogg] Heat in the kitchen, pot on the stove Water gettin boiled, dope bein sold Snoopy in the hoopty, system overload I been runnin this rap game since I was 20 years old I hung with the worst of 'em, bust 'til I burst 'em up Floss 'em up, toss 'em up, hardaway, boss 'em up Pardon me, I'm bossin up, pressure up, bless you bruh Don't mess with us, we like the U in the 80's Back to back, set a trap, hit the lick, hit it back Hit the trick, jump the track, bitch I want my money back Time and time again while I'm sippin on this gin Al Davis said it best, "Just win baby, win!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: All I Do Is Win 12" Song: All I Do Is Win (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! ['Kiss] AH-HAHHH! [Swizz] Showtime! [Khaled] This the remix [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Swizz Beatz) All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind (yeah) I can never get enough (right) Whenever me and Khaled do the remix (what's up?) Everybody hands go UP! (Ay, SHOWTIME!) And they stay there (bounce) and they say yeah (right) And they stay there (right) up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air (c'mon!) Make 'em stay there! [DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) We the Best music DJ Khaled, I'm goin in! Sittin on the top flo', what you think I'm hot fo'? Every summer drop mo' hits to make my stock go (UP!) Them hands go (UP!) Them fans go (UP!) I'm #1 in this bitch and I'ma (STAY THERE!) We the best of the best, grind while you haters asleep I'm yellin "Free Weezy," I rep the heart of the streets Who hotter than me? Khaled! I'm wearin the crown And we can't stop, won't stop, GO HATE ON ME NOW! [Rick Ross] Teflon Don! I can never get enough when it comes to gettin 'fetti Niggaz ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti Mario Andretti, money comin fast My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass I can never be a racist; wake up every morning  just to count white faces, Neo in +The Matrix+ Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors  I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian [Busta Rhymes] + (T-Pain) FIRE AND BRIMSTONE!!!!! Yeah! Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga come to get alot of money when I'm in the buildin and I come Said a ain't no motherfuckin body BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! Uh-huh, ok, niggaz know I got it when I hit you with the pitter-patter Whenever they see me then you hear alot of chitter-chatter Niggaz know there ain't nobody BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! I watch alot of niggaz when I'm in the cut {HUH!!!} So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut {OH!!!} You will crown me king (No matter what!) Get 'em!!! Ok let's shine my friend, get up on my grind again Some niggaz should be happy that I chose to rhyme with them CAUSE!!!!! [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up man, I want 'em to hear me Aiyyo check this out.. Her heart racing like she snort cocaine (c'mon) I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name {DIDDY}  Got the most paper, Mr. New York Times I'm a natural born winner, nigga New York MINE'S! (Mine!) Everybody gettin money, but I cop the first six (uh-huh) Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch (yeah) Yeah I let you wife her, but she's still my first bitch (that's MY bitch!) It's less than nine digits - nigga THAT ain't fuckin rich, motherfucker! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, aiyyo all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad? Undisputed, hailin all the way from Trinidad I ain't mad ma, I see you on your bummy swag I'm in that money green Jag, lotta money bags I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare Ask the IRS bitch, I'm payin for your healthcare [Fabolous] LOOK!!! I'ma make this here official, let me clear some issues First off I am not for Brittney Spears initials That's no B.S., at yo' request Lean back you and yo' crew, Fat Joe, T.S. Yeah it's Young Funeral, all black on me So act like summer's over, and fall back homey Winnin is all I do, I'll answer all of you But y'all ain't sayin shit, like prank callers do [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh, uhh Win, win, win, AH-HAHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo It's already proven I got them birds movin All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin Yellow gold Cuban, nine-mill' ruegin I'll show you what to do with 'em, finish 'em I'm through with 'em They 'gon have to jump me, it's 'gon take a few of them They don't want no problems, they might end up suing them Disassociate yourself, have nothin to do with them We already got it yeah, we tryin to get two of them AH-HAHHH! [Fat Joe] Yeah! Yo... I just blew trial, Crack lots' is Little Italy Your wife, she a screamer, yellin, "Slow down Joe, you killin me!" Beat her like a prize fight, mami I'm a rude boy Dude just hit the Powerball, everyday a new toy  Nigga it's a stick up, a motherfuckin robbery I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me Ridin through Harlem (Harlem!) me and Jeezy pardon me Puffy surfin on the hood for niggaz that keep doubtin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, T-Pain Album: We the Best Forever Song: Can't Stop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Birdman] Shinin, grindin on the shine, flippin all the time When we hustlin, Young Money gunnin Cash Money flippin, shit them everytime When we grindin cause we gettin, flippin the change range and doin different thangs, hittin the same lanes But flippin didn't change Yeah; hi-higher then we ever been More money, now more money cause we ballin in [Chorus: T-Pain] You know I can't stop, I won't stop I feel like everybody's tryin to kill me So I don't stop, 'til I'm on top And God keeps tellin me I will be If you with me then salute, you know what to do You know what to do, put your hands up in the air You can make it through All you gotta do is put your hands up in the air [Birdman] Shinin bright lights, hotter then them other lights The red light flash mash on the same night More money, now we brighter then we even been Hundred thousand poppin bottles, bitch we goin in Crystal lights, blowin on that Cali 'dro Turkey bag, hundred thou' on the marble floor Rainbow, red bone with the triple color Hurricane, make it rain bitch, every summer [Birdman] Yeah it's on deck, straps on deck Sticks on deck, Stunna Island, private jets P-put the house on 'ginia nigga we place the bet From hundred G's to flippin hundred, bitch we hit the lick High on the hill, the view above the falls Smashin in the field, a hundred boss hogs You know how we do it, bossin up brand new Uptown survivor, money ready shoot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Kanye West, T-Pain Album: We Global Song: Go Hard Typed by: thaloccdogg@aol.com (Kanye West) I think it's time for me to go hard as the hood I'm from (x4) (DJ Khaled) DJ Khaled, We the best I'm goin in, I'm goin in I do it for the hood cause the hood told me I should If you rep yo hood, and you goin hard If the they hatin on you don't stress Tell them niggas that we the best Fuck nigga, you can't stop this Fuck the best we run this game Kanye West, Khaled and Pain (Chorus: T-Pain) If you could you would get rid of me What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard But I won't let you get to me You should already thinkin I'mma go hard If you were as real as me You would never let another nigga step in yo yard Makin money ain't shit to me This in my veins and it gets to my heart So I am, I will, I gots to go hard You got another way to live, you gots to go hard I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go, go, go hard (Verse 1: Kanye West) I go the hardest Flow so retard I'm disgusted with myself I mean uhh, were do I start First I spin around and vomit Then I shit up on it Fuck the beat up so bad Won't nobody get up on it I flow sick, nigga how sick?, sea sick Got your hand out don't look at me bitch You lookin at who made me rich You lookin at who made me rich I have some wins some losses Just a life of a God damn boss's With the top off lookin for a girl with a ass as fat as Tracey Ross's This is dope as is get Dope as a mother fuckin acid trip Fly as 57 passengers This finna be another classic bitch Everybody know I got if you want it then get at it But I ain't gon have No I ain't gon have it (Chorus: T-Pain) (Verse 2: Kanye West) I ain't ever been scurred Never been the type to bite my words When I came up y'all gave me shit Now I'm finna make y'all eat them turds Always said what the fuck I felt Gon head spit that murder I wrote Man I don't care bout what you felt  Fuck you nigga I know I'm dope Felt like I'm comin to get my all Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall Felt like niggas was stuntin on me Funny how I'm flyer than them all Now I'm at the top ain't nowhere to go now Instead of me she gon go down Maybe I would have slowed down if I knew what I know now I'm stupid you know I'm dumb This could fuckin get old while it's good I'm young But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from Tell me what it take to be number one I guess it's gon be what it's gon be But here's one thing y'all got to hear I'm a tell you like George Bush told me Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here (Chorus: T-Pain) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, T-Pain Album: Go Hard 12" Song: Go Hard (Remix) Typed by: BurnsideBadboy1985@yahoo.com [Jay-Z] I'm a bad M-a-r-c-y P-r-o-j-e-c-t Ain't no other motherfucker in the rap game harder than me I go hard and get it in like a porn star Follow my moves you wanna make it to the top I'm on star For new born stars Even when the camera stop I'ma hundred million dollar movie handle my cock Big homie from the back block When you first learn how to slap box Then you even learn how to dribble the pill Or to hand the pot, bring it back rock Number one rule if your ass get popped Don't try to box to the Matlock Death before dishonor I'ma honor the code they created Number 2 Rule and it might sound rude but yep... fuck you pay me I drown my pain in porsches I lost my partner to the bullshit Still tryna hold on to my religion so I put a couple diamonds in the crosses Close your eyes see the darkness That's what it's like where I'm from No lawyers no doctors So either I go the hardest Or I could just call this a night on dark nights its like I see better on Dark Knights I'm like Heath Ledger Even if I overdose on drugs Motherfuckers can't kill my buzz Wait I ain't done I'ma freestyle this Khaled let it run What's the hardest county in the Yayo Cause ima go harder then they go I'ma go harder than Baltimore Philly gone say they can't touch the boy Where you at Duval? I'ma go harder than you all Harder than New York Turn the pro tunes in the booth off I'ma go harder than Ye go And Ye go hard That's baby bro Put some more beat on that joint  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go , go hard [Kayne] I ain't ever been scurred  Never been a type to bite my words  When I came up ya'll gave me shit  Now I'm gunna make ya'll eat them terds  Always said what the fuck I felt  Gon head spit that murder I wrote  Man I dont care what what you felt fuck you nigga I know I'm dope  Dope like I'm comin to get my all  Felt like I had to play the fly on the wall  Felt like niggas was stuntin on me  Funny how I'm flyer then them all  Now I'm at the top ain't know where to go now  Instead of me she gon go down  Maybe I would of slowed down if I knew what I know now  I'm stupid, yeah I know I'm dumb It could get fuckin old but its good I'm young  But my heart get cold as the hood I'm from  Tell me what it take to be numba one  I guess its gon be what its gon be  But heres one thing ya'll got to hear  Imma tell you like george bush told me  Fuck ya'll niggas I'm out of here  If you could you would get rid of me  What you gonna do when a nigga got to go hard  But I wont let you get to me  You should already figure imma go hard  If you were as real as me  You would never let another nigga step in yo yard  Makin money ain't shit to me  This in my veins and it gets to my heart  So I am, I will , I gots to go  You got another way to live you gots to go on  I am gettin it in until the end I got to go, go, go, go hard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Big Sean, T-Pain, Wiz Khalifa Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I'm So Blessed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro: T-Pain] Can nothin stop me now Yeah (DJ Khaled) Yeah, ohohoo, no [Chorus: T-Pain] Man I'm so blessed (man I'm so blessed) I got the Lord on my shoulders I'm alright (I'm alright) I'm alright (I'm alright) Ain't got no stress (ain't got no stress) My people with me they celebratin the life We livin life (we livin life) Now sing it with me If you've been workin hard, if you believe in God Sing it with me Can't nothin stop me now [Big Sean] Yeah yellin fuck a nine to five boi Even if I gotta work from nine to nine boi I'm self made, self paid and I got my city watchin They threw me in the game, I threw up numbers like a auction Cause I do it, do it, do it like it's no other option Fat asses, big bottles, when I'm around they both get poppin Pop pop pop I talk about girls and money too much I admit Wait too much girls, too much money, those two things that don't exist And I think it's so impressive, I'm ridin in the back Young and black cause I'm chauffeured and not cause I'm arrested Getting richer e'ry year, progress in my progression Got the finest with her shirt off and skirt off showin her blessings [Wiz Khalifa] I wonder what the haters got to say now They mad I'm on top of my game and they down I'm always reppin for my gang I stay down Ain't gotta go back to my hood cause they 'round And the niggaz that's next to me it's all the niggaz that stress with me I done made it from the bottom and they say I did it on my own, so to me that's destiny If anybody got a problem I just tell 'em to get on their grind try to to see as much checks as me And my wife is a Goddess my tree is the finest A click full of real niggaz that's just the one thing about us One thing about us They showin us love, but I remember back then them niggaz would doubt us We used to go out but now when we go out all the people surround us They screamin my name, I'm reppin my city it's me who they proud of So fuck what the lames about Wouldn't me no game without us No game without us [Ace Hood] Been hated on, I been doubted, been talked about and mistreated Still put in the work that I needed, now I'm livin the things that I'm dreamin Got my momma straight and my daughter good and my team right cause we eatin Been broke before, and now it's open doors I got the dopest flow and they seen it God keep away all them demons, been patient dog I've been lenient Been holding out I've been fiendin, long as God with me I don't need 'em When you winnin everybody want a dap up Gettin money now your friends wanna act up I don't really give a fuck I'ma go hard No stress, couple cars in the front yard We the Best be the logo, gettin money with a mogul Upgrade from the 2 to the 4-do', top down so blast it, it's YOLO One time for my XO, Ace Hood got these rap niggaz petrol Fire, no lie nigga they know From the bottom to the top only Lord knows The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//djkhaled/weglobal/imsohood.led.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//djkhaled/weglobal/imsohood.led.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled, T-Pain, Young Jeezy, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, Big Boi, Lil Wayne, Fat Joe, Birdman, and Rick Ross Album: I'm So Hood (Remix) single/iTunes Song: I'm So Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled]  DJ Khaled, we the best!  Who? We nigga, we the best!  This the remix! The "I'm So Hood" remix! I'm makin mo', fees I'M SO HOOD, REMIXXX!! [Chorus: T-Pain]  I'm so HOOD! Yeah, I wear my pants below my waist  And I never dance when I'm in this place  Cause you and yo' man is plannin to hate  I'm so HOOD! And I got these golds up in my mouth  If you get closer to my house  Then you'll know what I'm talkin 'bout  I'm out the HOOD! And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [DJ Khaled overlapping chorus] We always gon' be the best We run this, man! I make, hit records man! This is what I do! This the REMIX!! Put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up I gave you "We Takin' Over" (Yo Khaled) Yo, Jeezy (I got 'em, homie) You got me? WE RUN THIS, MAN, WE RUN THIS!! [Young Jeezy] I'm so H to the double-O D Walk around there's GOD-damn money on me  Pockets so fat it don't make no sense (nope) Whips so clean, don't need no tints (nah!) Watch so bright, don't need no light You know where it were, I don't need no mic Niggaz like, "Young what you get for your show?" Tell 'em, "Same thing I used to get for the blow" Set 'em on the raw, nigga what I got to lose? (lose) Put 'em in the +Vans+, I ain't talkin bout the shoes (shoes) Do the speed limit, gotta watch out for the lights Pussy ass niggaz gotta watch out for the dykes Seventeen five, yeah nigga I said it! Seventeen five, yeah nigga I meant it! And when we do it bad, but Im doin good I'm so, I'm so, I'm so muh'fuckin (HOOD!) [Ludacris] I'm my hoodLUDA! Everybody come equipped wit bangers (BLAOW!), throwin up our middle fangers (WHAT)  And you know I don't slip, so I gotta keep ten in the clip and one in the chambers Better be walkin with angels, and never take candy from strangers Through the stress and strife, had to earn my stripes like I played with the Bengals! (WOO!!) I'm in the zone homes, goin for the two point conversion +I'm So Hood+ that Ludacris shoulda been on the original version (yep!) But this is the remix, with the cheap tricks, hittin sweet licks And I cut the braids off but the waves and the fade'll make you sea-sick! (OH!!) And this is the way that we ball, (HEY!) and this is the way that we brawl So put a fist in the air if you care that united we stand and divided we fall (HEY!!) When the South's in the house, better watch yo mouth Cuz we on that hood shit, I'm hood rich Comin around yo' hood, BITCH! I swear I'm so [Chorus 2 - T-Pain] HOOD! (REMIXXX!) And if you feel me put your hands up  HOO-OOD! My hood niggaz can you stand up  I'm so HOOD! If you not from here you can walk it out  And you not hood if you don't know what I'm talkin 'bout  (I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm - SO, HOOD!)  [Busta Rhymes overlapping chorus] Khaled, they actin like we aint the kings of the streets and the gods of the hoods BUSSA-BUS, BITCHES!! [Busta Rhymes] See all I know is how to go and get my money g-'gan and again Top down let the money blow in the wind wit a bad bitch sittin in the passengers seat wit a doobie-wrapped head full of bobbie pins You know I keep that thang when I walk See the dialect different from the slang in my talk Baby still leavin, got a crackhead frontin Got another bad bitch thats boost for the spark (HOOD!) I'm used to leavin the strip last Hustlin until the sun, comes up getting cash So much bread in all of my fall pocket It looks like a nigga got tits wit a ass! And from the DNA in my blood niggaz idolize me and try to do what I does And if that other nigga aint really from the hood You can easily die, take who that fake nigga was (HOOD!) And even though I spit a little rap Got niggaz in the hood try to sell the most crack Violator, I send a nigga to do it just to make you spend a lot of money just to get your shit BACK! Y'all niggaz know where I'm from And I rep it to the fullest til the day that I'm done So hood where we live if a nigga sold drugs and he rich Momma still PROUD OF HER SON! [Big Boi] Yeah, yeah.. Daddy Fat Sacks, so hood like a Cadillac Ornament on front of Avalanche Call an ambulance, to come and pick that ass up cause the nigga never had the chance They try to dance with the devil in a pale moonlight Advance on a level that they cant do right Lay hands on a fella like a man in blue lights (WOOP WOOP!).Do it twice! Big Boi, the B-I-G I'm nicer than MC on your top three You cock-y, I cock squeeze Bust them thangs, now you slop-py Speed it up, slow it down, then Screw it Dont bite the flow, I got that fluid Run through the crew on some whole other new shit Newness bitch, we do this! [Chorus 2] [Lil Wayne] AlrightWEEZY I'm so Hollygrove, New Orleans, (LIL'WEEZYANA!) Home sweet, Home De-pot, you will need a hammer It go, down like Frasier, I ain't talkin Kelsey Grammer I be, shittin on ya boys I need an Alka-Seltzer sammich, uh!  Since I heard Plies, I done bought the Phantom back Went and got me a fifty-two, inch, Maybach (Deltathe Ghetto Kappa, ha ha!) I'm eatin like a big dog, I'm so full I'm so good, I'm so straight, you so fake I'm so real, I'm so hood [Fat Joe] Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack, Crack (I'M SO HOOD!) Yeah nigga, welcome to the Crackhouse I should own a McDonald's the way I bring the Macs out I'm from the hood where, every nigga lies Flip a couple grams, they tell you they bakin pies, shit! Still got my name carved in that Central Booking Gave that pussy a scar and told her 'good lookin' Youse a crack baby, (CRACK!) that means your momma paid me You can't even blame me, that's what the hood made me [Birdman] Martin Luther King (MLK) Calliope, Magnolia, Melphamine Gettin that money with the triple beam See ride of ?Clyde? your Josephine Saints is my team thats what we breathe nigga Thats how we eat, get this money on the streets nigga VL my street, blood, five star G, blood  Fly as a bird, got these Eagles on my seat, blood Then hit back where I stay, Third Ward we get that cake Thirteen is where I lay, shots out to MIA (Waddup Khaled?) [Rick Ross] Mo' Money, Mo' Problems, don't call me conceited (nope) Just call me the boss, always got what you needed MIA oh so hot, but my neck got the fever If you sneeze you get shot, gun play makin believers I just bought me a ranch, watch the hundreds stack No those aint Rolex diamonds, (NO!!) WHAT YOU DONE TO THAT?? You fools fugazi, my fools from Haiti I moves 'em daily, IT'S A MOVIE, BABY!! HOOD!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Lil Wayne, Plies, Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled! Cash Money, Young Money, We the Best [Lil Wayne] Khaled, I got you! [T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee [DJ Khaled] (Lil Wayne) {Rick Ross} Where the hood at? {Huh}  Where the hood at? (YMCMB) {ROSAY~!} [Chorus: T-Pain] Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! [Rick Ross] (ROSAY~!) Audemar on my wrist, diamonds look like they glowin Fifty stacks all singles, I make it look like it's snowin Black unmarked cars, gotta peep how they playin Treat 'em like jack boys, catch 'em slippin then slay 'em Lord forgive me for my siiiiins, thats my confession  If that put me in this Beeeenz, I got possession  of a federal offeeeence, I'm talkin pressure  in my criminal inteeeent (huh), so wear ya vests-es  And I'm still gon' stunt, like it ain't no tomorrow  Fuck ya house note, nigga, blow that bitch on a bottle The Ferrari just a front, got the Lambo in the back (ROSAY~!) Tell you +we the Best Forever+, DJ Khaled handle that, huh! [Plies] Takeoff, T-takeoff.. I know some niggaz from my hood that woulda ROBBED Noriega! I'm talkin Noriega, nigga, the +REAL+ Noriega! If you ain't from the hood, bitch, then stop impersonatin us And tell Congress when you see 'em, "Bitch, I'm stealin cable!" And leave the d-boys alone 'cause they motivate us And why's the half of my whole hood on papers? Some o'em on house arrest ('rest), some o'em on child supp'ot (p'ot) Some o'em did they bid, the other half waitin to go to court Mr. Landlord we gon' BUST yo' ass with an eviction note Better have the police witchu, dawg, if you came to repo Im talkin strip clubs, Im talkin liquor stores We throw our money 'round here, but yall can call us po' [Lil Wayne] I'm goin in.. Uh, bitch I'm on probation.. so my nerves bad And they say time flies, well mine's first class I landed in the sky, I fell from the streets I talk a lot of shit, and practice what I preach BACK from hell, cell 23  Tell the warden kiss my ass, pockets on Mo'Nique Bitch, I'm from the murder capital, hoe I'm far from practical Shit happens and since I'm the shit, I'm who it happen to Young Money, Cash Money, Blood, bitch, I'm +red+ hot I don't see nobody, see nobody/no body like a head shot All that bullshit is for the birds, throw some bread out Got it sewed up, check the thread count [Chorus 2: T-Pain] (Lil Wayne) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody (Uh!) And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! (Young Mula, bayyy-bay) Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all them old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (YMCMB) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - They outside playin hopscotch (Khaled, I GOTchu!) and everybody know this is the hot spot Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees WHOOP! WHOOP! (...I say fuck the) police in my hood! (Ha ha!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Fat Joe, Jadakiss    Ludacris, Mavado, The Game, T-Pain, Twista, Waka Flocka Flame  Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] (T-Pain) I'm f'real about this shit! This the remix! (Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee) Let's go! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! [Chorus: T-Pain] (DJ Khaled) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all these old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (Y-M-C-M-B!) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - Where they gettin fly +Like a G6+ and everybody know this is the remix Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees (Miami Dade County, 305) WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! (We the Best Music!) [Verse One: Ludacris] Stop playin wit 'em! LUDA! Everybody on the corner with the works slangin and bangin in front of that liquor sto' Blowin money cause I live life fast, so this bottle full of 'gnac I'ma sip it slow Singles double when triple beams take over Now holla cause these Impalas got extreme makeovers (WOO!) Couches covered in plastic, babies all in the street, now Wear the wrong color catch a Rodney King, beatdown! Kids hit with switches, mommas is quotin scriptures While Luda's gettin head, mo' gums than baby pictures (WOO!) Cock my 40-Glock and my partner just bought a replica Now Asians sayin they don't keep no cash in they register (hurry up and buy!) We run from red and blue LIGHTS to get the green But whoever got that WHITE, is "winnin" like Charlie Sheen! [Verse Two: T-Pain] HEY! Teddy Pain! (Teddy Pain!) Bad man! (Bad man!) Mix shots - BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM bang! Man +We the Best+ nevertheless, you know we get it hot! FIRE flame flame FIRE FIRE flame! Put me on the track and I'ma really let a muh'fucker feel it when I do it how I do it what I do If a nigga really wanna test (come and test) you can bet that I'ma eat him all day - FUCK FOOD! 8-5-0 what I represent (sent) Talla-home Florida president Me and DJ Khaled got these haters lookin hesitant (yeah) So keep all of that wackness out my EAR (BYOO, BYOO) That's the sound of yo' CAREER in my hooooood.. [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] {*Bell Rings*} I hope you niggas got your ringside seats!!! 'Cause it's whoop ass season (COMIN TO A HOOD NEAR YOU!!!) Everybody know what happen when you see me comin (BACK UP!!!!!!) I be hurdlin then got you regurgitatin and murderin everything (GUNSHOT) (BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP!!!!!) (Y'ALL KNOW WHAT IT IS!!!) I'm comin to get it in Enough of the block and I'm runnin the hood and nothin can top it You could Google it or you could search on how a nigga come and Lock up impossible for you to stop it!!!! (MORE FIRE DUN DI PLACE!!!!) Blackout and heat di bed yuh know a ease di dread I probably need di medical situation because the way I'm fuckin everything I tell di people dem!!! Why you try to do when you already know I'm the king with it And you don't wanna come behind me with it bro I KILLED THIS SHIT!!! I AIN'T GOTTA RHYME NO MO'!!!! [Verse Four: Twista] (T-Pain) (*Twista Adlibs) (**Mavado) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) Welcome to my hood where board members of faculty Backin me if you ever try and tackle me That could be when I eat 'em especially when I beat 'em When you see a bunch of killers and hustlers on the side of me I'm an anomaly to 'em, put 'em on crutches for suckin their verses Such as the one that's kickin a ruckus Much as I smoke a dutchess and model bitches that cut us And motherfuckers and lovers and enemies wanna touch us I'ma spit a flow as if it was a sin (*WHAT!) Then the gangstas are best with me forever see I find a fo' put in on a pen (**Ayyyyyyy!!!) Then you know to never test with me it'll be a +Category F5+ (**ANYWAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!!) Let 'em in the military with automatic weapons so let's ride Love to the hunters and everybody that runnin them north and the whole city comin from the Westside!!! (**WHAPPEN TO DEM!!!!) [Verse Five: Mavado] (T-Pain) Come to di Gully weh we nuh tek baddup Big spliff inna mi hand and Hennessy inna mi cup Yuh see di gal weh we have up it's like some angels a duck Dem phat and grab up! Yah hear mi!!! Ha Ha!!! When yuh pass di gate, greet mi at di entrance Violate, straight death sentence Yuh live yuh must be great to be a snake nuh repentance We comin at yuh wid vengeance (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) [Verse Six: DJ Khaled] Never slippin, I'm ballin, Puff keep on callin I don't see none of you pussies (I ain't tryna hear that shit!) Fuck that shit groupie talkin Rep Miami the ghetto (Dade County), every hood and the projects And when I drop off my singles, I'm droppin one of my targets Lord forgive me for my siiiiins I gave you hits, I gave you "All I Do is Wiiiin" (I won't stop) I live this shit and We the Best it's no preteeeend I'm touchin millions, throwin hundreds in this biiiiiiitch! [Verse Seven: Birdman] Yeah, Uptown Swagged out, let's get it (Ah-AH! Ah-AH!) R-Real nigga #1, hustle fly with my son I come from Uptown, G5 Tommy Gun Red flag everyday, hundred mil' ready to spray Swagged out nigga, Bugatti with the paper plate B-B-Blowin on some good, nigga (on some good, nigga) feelin good, nigga (feelin good, nigga) Stunna Island, me and Khaled on the WOOD, nigga (on the wood, nigga) You understand? Shinin like I know we should Birdman YMCMB, we good nigga! [Verse Eight: Ace Hood] (Brownwaaaay!) A-A-Ace Hood in this bitch hoe, kickin down in yo' front door Knock knock, you hear the Glock cock and that thing pop on that fo-fo' (BR-R-R-RAT!) Posted on in that same block, I'm in the drop top with that bank roll Y-Young nigga, I'm out chea, cain't name a place that I cain't go Ridin 'round with 'bout 50 grand and they wonder what do that safe hold Middle fanger them feds and that's what I pledge a part of my G-code Man, FUCK them prosecutors, hustla connoisseur 'Cause +We the Best Forever+, make sure you spread the rumor bitch~! [Verse Nine: Fat Joe] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Cooked coke, hard rock, stashed in the body shop Only way to break them bricks down is karate chops Niggaz gettin left right in front of the marble precinct Leave 'em like them Jordans' - red dot, leakin I'm fifteen when I first started coppin pies You forty-six just turnin Blood, stop it five It's like the only way to make it is supplyin things Hoop dreams dunkin over cars, let the choir sing [Verse Ten: The Game] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yo it's that black raw, black dawg, pullin up on that black hog Compton that's my backyard, that's where I used to get them sacks off But now I got platinum plaques in the back of the back and I'm back with Dre again Aftermath, We the Best, me and Khaled, Dre and Em "Detox", "RED" - that's back to the back, step in the club with my hat to the back Nigga I'm so hood even though I'm livin good niggaz still in the V.I.P. strapped with a gat Drop a couple stacks then it's back to the trap couple hoes in the back, red wheels on the 'llac Redrum if you try niggaz, Westside! Throw it up, now! [Verse Eleven: Jadakiss] (*T-Pain) (*WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) They knockin packs off (off) they lettin gats off (off) Medicaid, benefit card, scratch-offs Savin every dime (yeah) tryin to choke a quarter And they ain't sellin crack (nah) they sellin Coke and water Smokin or you snortin, they coppin all the Jordans (yeah) Nothin's more important, steal 'em if you can't afford 'em (yep) I'm gettin to the money (money) I need another comma Some of 'em love the drama (yeah) more than they love they momma [Verse Twelve: Bun B] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yeah, welcome to the land of the Trill where everybody walkin with they hand on the steel And the model is a supply and demand and he will you been outta line with the wrong man and get killed Where you damned if you will, damned if you won't lot of dudes sayin that they can when they don't And a lot of boys sayin that they G's but they ain't mess around get laid down in the paint Better do what you say, say what you do 'fore I come around your hood broad day with the crew They got them fists, A-R's, AK's and them twos and they will gladiate all day, what it do? (What it do?) R.I.P. to the trillest that did it, to my G's on lockdown acquitted Think I'ma stop reppin P.A.T.? Forget it! (get it, get it) [Verse Thirteen: Waka Flocka Flame] (RIVER-DALLLLLLLLE~!!! WAKA! FLOCKA! WAKA! FLOCKA!) Welcome to Clayton County, my house got surrounded The enemies tryna drown me, but my hood still around me (RIVERDAAAAALE!!!) Rookie of the year, no "Freshman" cover Shawty sixteen years old, with FO' baby mothers!! First rapper ever to jump off the stage on BET (Uh-huh!) And since Pac, go to Hollywood and keep it street (WEEEEST-SIIIIDE, UH!!) First Wooh to put T. Rodgers on the TV Everyday it's a party on Grove Street [Outro: DJ Khaled] "We the Best Forever" June 28 It's gon' be a hot summer! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Lil' Kim, R. Kelly, T-Pain, Young Jeezy Album: We Takin' Over (Remix) 12" Song: We Takin' Over (Remix) Typed by: ericavon00@hotmail.com [R. Kelly] + (Akon Talking) D-DJ Khaled!!! D-DJ Khaled!!! and Kels!!!!! D-DJ Khaled!! (Ohhhhh) D-DJ Khaled!!! (Konvict Muzik!!) Kels!! Akon!!! (Yeahh) The Remix!!! [R. Kelly] Listen!! All dressed up... ready to go!! All shined up... ready to glow!! Drop that top... ready to roll! Up in the club... ready to ho! Gimee that mic man I'm ready to flow! Kels takin ova bitch fo sho! Pop champagne ready for patrol! Fire that purple up ready to blow! Ima tell you like it is young fella Stay in your place where it be's young fella Singin ain't all I do young fella So keep it movin right along young fella!! Dont-Dont get mad cause-cause-cause Kels got girls showin him much-much L Akon tell 'em why we go excel... [Chorus: Akon] Cause We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! Said We Takin Ova!! One city at a time! [T-Pain] It used to be me 8-5-0 Ridge road and fiiiiiiiiiiiive hundred dollars ye-ye-ye-ye-yes TS we be the best we dress to impress with a sean john collar holla if you hear me, bad man coming fire come out, sugar man runnin gunnin, rubbin, push it to the limit of receipt finnin to jump off, jump it (ha) bad man again I'm the numba one shotta test the best get your whole block shot up this is why we hot get your whole block hotta like ha ha ha ha! I'm the man right now homey wait your turn you can't buy the shit that I earn trust me you don't wanna feel the burn like... ...hey hey hey hey hey!! [Lil' Kim] What that do bitch?!?! I got what you need Kim give it to you real The highs and the lows however you wanna feel You want that night out?I got that night grill You want that matrix?then choose the right pill fuck I think I do this shit for my health? same clothes every week and yall ain't seein my wealth on the low.i keep a bankroll like (Fresh!) cocktail dress by John Galiano in a restaraunt owned by Taliano's I'm a boss bitch my last name should be Soprano switchin up phones so them boys can't follow they tryin to lead me to the old adress I left a note too and ain't been back since I'm in a new state, a new place with new plates shit damn near a new face so by the time they try to build them a new case I'm gone like yesterday - what? [Young Jeezy] Look - I am the streets real niggas shit and thats word to meet you she like my wrist so she follow the rainbow now I'm switchin lanes she tryin to follow the lambo Can't keep up bitch follow the Range Rove' but be cool cause my goons in there and a couple of guns and a couple of clips and a couple of K's and a couple of bricks and then I throw it in the pot now what the fuck that cook like? Mark Jacobs don't know what the fuck I look like Hey -this a remix ain't it? Just copped a new 'rarri and I just might paint it Just copped a new plane and I just might fly it Just left atlantic mall and I just might buy it Stay strapped nigga don't even try it Pockets so fat I need to go on a diet [DJ Khaled Talking] Listen!! Hears to DJ Khaled the don of data.Big dog pitbull terror squad AKA the beatin novacain AKA we the best!!!!Danger on this track!! Marcella what it does!!This is the remix!!We the best... ...  God loves me... ... Listen!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Felli Fel f/ Flo Rida, Pitbull, Sean Paul, T-Pain Album: Feel It 12" Song: Feel It Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com [T-Pain] Hey! Won't you yank on some of this cali? (Cali?) Sip on some of this platinum? If you want some daddy All you gotta do is ask for some I'm pimpin' up on your body, shawty Please don't try to move me, shawty I'm tryin' to be the life of the party Shawty, Shawty Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? [Sean Paul] Gal, me a know you a top class A go an shake that fat ass, gimme the wind and stop fast Me a da top boss, come gimme that quick cast The whole night and I stop floss Inna the tight charts Me wan a touchin' all the right parts Make ya get twight ass See your body from afar, just like a night hawk My girl a fi in Nascar I got that good love for you That a me wan tell you from the first time I see you Run with the boy, then a jus' now I gi' you With trife comin' now see ya sittin' well tight And ya know see me just now credit All night long me a wet it and set it I'll be the man that giving it to you All night gal know by the gate men a fight [T-Pain & Pitbull] Hey! Won't you yank on some of this cali? (Cali?) Sip on some of this platinum? If you want some daddy All you gotta do is ask for some I'm pimpin' up on your body, shawty Please don't try to move me, shawty I'm tryin' to be the life of the party Shawty, Shawty Can you feel it? I Wanna know! (Ven pa'ca loquita rica) Can you feel it? I Wanna know! (I'ma make you feel it right quick, ha ha ha) Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? [Pitbull] (Aiyyyyyyyyo) Feli Fel, Pitbull and T-Pain Mami over there off the chain Ass gorgeous, lips insane Hip like boom and a ass like bang One time for them boys on the block All pushing that ying and that yang, you know That D, that rock, that 'cane Aww, yeah mane! Now she movin' like she can't stop She can't be from Thailand that way that she bang cock I'm tellin', you mami do anything And she throwing it back like a b-b-boomerang I went a little bit below her belly ring Like a belly ring, badabing, hm, badaboom Now dim the lights down in the room While I slide in you like, ohh can you feel it Dale! [T-Pain] Hey! Won't you yank on some of this cali? (Cali?) Sip on some of this platinum? If you want some daddy All you gotta do is ask for some I'm pimpin' up on your body, shawty Please don't try to move me, shawty I'm tryin' to be the life of the party Shawty, Shawty Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? feel it? Can you feel it? feel it?  Can you feel it? [Flo Rida] Hey! Lil' mama cali, get married Cr-crack up, try to get to know daddy West coast for me baby, start that fatty Let it go below your waist like you at bally's This total fitness, can you feel it? Break it up or you yeah you will get the bussines Lil' mama askin', I'm writtin' your wishes I got it bad I'm addicted to thickness I'm tryin' to be your connect, fool 'round might get you wet Like when you turn on the jets, hello I'm in to caress Look there's a spot on your neck, for sure your bottom is next Just know I'm all on ya cast chest, I know I'm makin' ya sweat She trippin', shawty look at my set We trippin', I know you gotta cellect Keep dippin', pop up my collar, the best We limpin', the money flippin' [T-Pain] Hey! Won't you yank on some of this cali? (Cali?) Sip on some of this platinum? If you want some daddy All you gotta do is ask for some I'm pimpin' up on your body, shawty Please don't try to move me, shawty I'm tryin' to be the life of the party Shawty, Shawty Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? I Wanna know! Can you feel it? Can you feel it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dolla f/ Tay Dizm, T-Pain Album: Who the Fuck Is That? (Single) Song: Who the Fuck Is That? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Oomp Camp productions!) [Intro: Dolla Dolla] I own the club, that's right - Dolla Dolla! Make it rain on these hoes - T-Pain! THE GANG! (You already know) G-A-N-G (Konvict) I hit the club with a mug so mean got them niggaz like WHO, THE FUCK IS THAT? Then I hopped up out the car it's so clean, got them hoes like WHO, THE FUCK IS THAT? Goes like right, left, back, forth Yeah I got money nigga that's, of cousrse Hit the stage with a b-boy stance, the club owner like WHO, THE FUCK IS THAT? [Verse 1: Dolla] Pull up in somethin tinted, 200 on the dash Y'all shit rented, I drop cash Watch the doors lift up, this nigga done went mad I'm what you never had, some of this and some of that Tell that bitch to give me kiss, then I smack her on the ass Throw a stack at her and laugh, this shit to me ain't nothin How much money do you have? That's not up for discussion I be mashin out in somethin European on them buttons I been rich since I'se eleven, my grams look like 7's My killers look like reverands yeah you better count yo' blessings Konvict piece around my neck, misdemeanor on my wrist Got a felon on my pinky got you blinkin when it glist' I got strippers on the payroll, Chargers in Diego Llello like it's mayo, don't play 'round with me pesos You should see the steelo, neighborhood Nino Bitches call me dolla but these niggaz call me D-Bo [Verse 2: Dolla] Ay ay ay ay now I'm shinin like a motherfucker, VVS's blinkin Steve Urkel by the ton, that purple steady stinkin You talkin to the dick and I got swag, I got juice See me in that Bentley coupe, right in front of run & shoot You be runnin when I shoot, I be shootin where you runnin 'Kon got me out the streets, told me Dolla get the money Now I'm the club stuntin like LA, LA LA LAH Laughin at these coward niggaz like HA, HA HA HAH Look you fuckin with a winner, shrimp and lobster for the dinner Veteran in the game you other niggaz just beginners In my D-boy stance, 'bout to pop a rubber band Fuck that fightin in the club, you niggaz fuckin up my plans I'm tryin to get a dance, her name and her number Take her to the telly get some brain in the Hummer You niggaz make it rain, while Dolla make it thunder Album comin soon, bitch get ready for the summer [Chorus] - last two lines changed as below Hit the stage with a b-boy stance The club owner like OOOOH-WEEEEEEE~! [Verse 3: Tay Dizm] Ain't nuttin for me to come through and shut the club DOWWWN Walk through the club mean muggin haters out Drop a stack at the bar, hundred Louis 13 Posted up, CAMOUFLAGE DOWN TO MY FEET They lookin at me like who is (who is) who is he? A straight get'cha boy, been raised in the streets If I'm on it you can smell it when I step in yo' room Tay, D-I, 7 goes ZOOM! [Outro: Dolla] I'm Dolla baby! G-A-N-G, T-Pain Konvict, Dolla Dolla! Y'all know the name, HA~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Kandi Girl, T-Pain Album: My Ghetto Report Card Song: U and Dat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One: T-Pain] Girl I've been shakin, stickin and movin Tryin to get to youuuuu and that booty {*3X*} Girl I've been shakin and actin a donkey Tryin to get to youuuuu and that monkey {*3X*} [Chorus Two: T-Pain] Girl he's simpin, simpin Walk up in the club with a limp and, limp and Girl listen What'cha gon' doooooo with this pimpin {*2X*} Girl I'ma call ya, call ya Later on tonight or tomorrow, morrow Now follow What'cha gon' doooooo with this baller {*2X*} [E-40] E-40, T-Pain, ooooh What'chu gon' do when I bend the block Pull up on that ass in a brand new drop Speakers on blast with tremendous knock TV's in the dash, rims just won't stop You need to be down with a pimp like me I ain't turnin down nuttin but my collar ya see I'ma leave you with my number you should holla at me Cause I'm a baller can't nobody hustle harder than me Oooooh [Chorus One] [E-40] Oooooh, big ass is right I ain't tryin to let that pass me tonight I'ma put my bid in and tell you somethin slick Whisper in your ear while I'm holdin my dick I don't mean no harm, it's the hood in me Sippin on that real sharp Hennessy Psychadelic colors in my jewelry Suckers hella jealous cause you're diggin me Oooh - now what'chu gon' do momma? I'm tryin to dip later on, me and you momma I like the way that you groove when you move momma You know the women love me, I'm the 40-Water! Poppin my P's cause I'm laced with game Nothin but the Yay flowin through my veins She wears Miss Sixty can't fit into Gucci Cause her ass big enough to sit a cup on her booty Goodness! [Chorus One] [Kandi Girl] Yeah I see you lookin, lookin But my ass in these jeans got you shooken, shooken I don't think you know what to dooooo with this pussy What'chu gon' dooooo with this pussy Yeah I know you want this, want this Try to chase me through the club for this good shit, good shit But I don't think you can hannnnnndle this pussy What'chu gon' dooooo with this pussy [E-40] You lookin like you got that good gushy gushy Fuck around with me I'll beat the brakes off that pussy Have your ass comin like a porno star movie Tell your friends and I bet they all wanna do me Hoes know me, I'm E-4-oh They recognized pimpin when I stepped in the do' Higher than a satellite, full of that 'dro Holla at a player when you're ready to go! Oooooh [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jermaine Dupri, T-Pain Album: From Nothin' to Somethin' Song: Baby Don't Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] + (Fabolous) + {J.D.} I try to play cool Actin like what you do don't phase me, don't phase me Meanwhile I'm sittin at home, all alone Tryin to keep myself from goin crazy When I'm in the house, when I think about When I see you out, when I hear about {T-Pain} I want my baby back! {'Lo-so} And I thought it would be easy but it's hard for me to let you GO~! (Baby don't) GO! (Baby don't) go! (Baby don't) go (baby don't) {y'all know what this is} [Fabolous] Now I'm better than your ex, gon' be better than your next Baby Screwed Up so you better be from Tex-as Can't seem to doubt that I creamed her out Now you dream about how I turned Nieman out Nothin to scream about just back your Beemer out Pack it up in the trunk, go back to Kima house Cause I can play cool, but I can't play fool There's options in break up, you ever play pool? Better do you cause I damn sure does me And what your buzz be is only because of me The wifey, hus-by, never was me I does me, trust me I don't wanna another you so I'ma slide (yup) But I got another boo, on the side, bay-bay [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Fabolous) + {unlisted J.D. ad libs} I try to play cool Actin like what you do don't phase me, don't phase me Meanwhile I'm sittin at home, all alone Tryin to keep myself from goin crazy When I'm in the house, when I think about When I see you out, when I hear about I want my baby back! And I thought it would be easy but it's hard for me to let you GO~! (Baby don't) GO! (Baby don't) go! (Baby don't) go (baby don't) [Fabolous] Through the time I been alone, time I spent on phones Know you ain't lettin them climb up in my throne Now, baby that lime with that Patron Have me talkin crazy, it's time to come on home Now, I talk with someone above It's okay to lose your pride over someone you love Don't lose someone you love though over your pride Stick wit'cha entree and get over your side We break up to make up at Jacob's baby Her parents fought too, I'm the makeup baby Wake up baby, love'll have you open though I mean you seen Tom Cruise on the Oprah show So I just can't bet on the next hand There's too much in this pot just to give to the next man [Fabolous] Now if you ain't never went through it you ain't really into it The neck scratches show you I really been through it Every other day I'm givin the love away That's what your friend's sister or little brother say If I'ma do somethin, it's the undercover way When them hatin ass watchdogs look the other way And others may not see that we need each other But if we on the same page we can read each other They should learn us, instead of try to turn us Mr. and Ms. Smith, we both got the burners - UP~! If you love your baby then turn this up Know we keep this hot like a Thermos cup Relax, don't be tryin to perm us up We already straight - yesss [Jermaine Dupri] Fab we gon' have to make a dance to this song man! Y'knahmean; ain't no WAY you can't dance on this Uhhh, T-Pain! [T-Pain] I want my baby back! And I thought it would be easy but it's hard for me to let you GO~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ OZ, T-Pain Album: Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E. 2) Song: Put Ya in Da Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Fat Joe, T-Pain Shawtayy! [Intro/Interlude: T-Pain] Shawty I couldn't help but notice that you were sittin on the sideline I got all of the material thang that'chu need to get a new shine I can put you in that game and I can have you lookin like you've never seen Baby you bad as fuck, but when I'm done you be lookin so clean [Chorus: T-Pain] Let me put you in the game Fingernails, toenails, painted up High heels, the chrome wheels, and you standin up Better clothes, from head to toe, the stiletto Got the stereo, I see your trunk Let me put you in the game (let me put you in the game) Let me put you in the game (let me put you in the game) And mami you already know, I'm spendin dough And you gon' be the baddest thing, on the road I can put you in the game [Fat Joe] She said she never seen a car, with the seat in the middle She tried to bite my chain, she thought it was some Skittles I don't be runnin game, I just be runnin riddles Have her hittin high notes, like my dick comes with a fiddle Now I'm twenty-fo' inches on the grizzound, grizzound, uh-oh Anything you want to touch I tizzown, tizzown, uh-oh Puffin on that haze I'm talkin pizzounds, pizzounds, uh-oh Gotta get that money that's how we get down, get down, ya! Suicide doors, I'm so Kobain Louis camou' jacket, the bah is the same Jesus Joey Crack you must be sellin cocaine Cause they don't make no money like that in the rap game Mister Mister Rainman, yeah I can make it rain Top blown off, and I ain't even aim Yankee hat back, the seats on lean And no that's not a car, that's a fuckin airplane [OZ] Ha ha~! Allow me to reintroduce myself My name is O, it leans in my kizzo, kizzo, uh-oh And I blow difference cause I'm stizzuck, stizzuck, uh-oh Party on the yacht or we can party on the island Party with two - wait I guarantee I'll have you smillin Say she never partied with a G like me Well I'm in Carol City servin E to the fiends Bet'chu never ride that bus, 20's on that Cayenne truck Bet I'll have your friends like they stick together, who fly as us? Listen to me shawty I can put you in the game Jabar rocks drippin, couple diamonds in your chain You know we on a roll, blowin 'dro gettin dough So all you got do is say YES ma and we can go! [Fat Joe] Now she lookin past y'all, cause your boy's in a slump I took her out of the 'jects, the top floor of the Trump Had to hustle hard to give lil' momma the months Now she runnin down 5th like she related to Gump I'm talkin Forrest, and yes that's the hood where I'm from Had shawty bustin off like the pussy's a gun Then I beat it up, like that ass comes with a drum And I can do the same things for you that I did for Pun One [Interlude] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ T-Pain  Album: I Bet 12" Song: I Bet Typed by: rosalesramon@gmail.com [Hook - T-Pain] I bet that you can wine slow take it down low... (shawty what you waitin' on) I bet that you can wine fast you got all that ass on you... (now what you think I'm 'bout to do) [Flo Rida] Hey, money on deck for the dying Make it pop for me I bet you can wine Look back at it coz shawty you're to fine Lil' mama got a fatty I'm lovin ya waste line Just like that you'll get them dollaz if ya wine Twurk that nasty drop it a few times Spot light flash me baby you're my kind A lil' bit of classy workin' that's fine I like it fast I don't mind if it's slow I got plenty of cash if you take it down low Call it music ma just what are you waitin' for What it do get it fast I'm the man with the doe Shorty gon' get it like your ready for the pole There's no limit thanksgivin' I'm givin' you bankrolls Since your back stage in it I see it it's all swoll Give it just one minute I betcha you get yours [T-Pain] You can get up off that wall shawty come and make it pop for me... (come and make it pop for me) And I bet you move it so good and that's just somethin' that I gots to see... (somethin' that I gots to see) [Hook - T-Pain] I bet that you can wine slow take it down low... (shawty what you waitin' on) I bet that you can wine fast you got all that ass on you... (now what you think I'm 'bout to do) [Flo Rida] Hey you wanna bet girl I see you been blessed by your set girl All that below your waist and your dress girl I wanna know what it look like wet girl If your strippin' while I'm tippin' Henney sippin' call it big pimpin' Keep it flippin' I ain't trippin' Girl dem jeans rippin' cause your thick and Ring the alarm cause lil' mama your on Duck in the truck so I take you back home I can't even front I'm a say you da bomb Look how you suck with that ring in ya tounge I just wanna show 'em watcha waitin' on I can see ya thong I won't leave ya 'lone I won't lead ya wrong keep ya sexy grown You already gone you already on Sippin' on Patron anybody home This ya favorite song c'mon [T-Pain] You can get up off that wall shawty come and make it pop for me... (come and make it pop for me) And I bet you move it so good and that's just somethin' that I gots to see... (somethin' that I gots to see) [Hook - T-Pain] I bet that you can wine slow take it down low... (shawty what you waitin' on) I bet that you can wine fast you got all that ass on you... (now what you think I'm 'bout to do) [Flo Rida] Don't be shy shawty gon' get loose You got all that body watchu think I'm bout to do Neva seen a hottie so stacked good as you You set up the party make the fellas act a fool Steady goin' nuts like a can of cashews Jigglin' ya butt with them exotic tatoos I mean it baby you gonna need your autograph too Keep it penetratin' shawty cause that ass be the truth I'm so hood keep it getto for ya good Shake ya moneymaka' roll it like a back would Do me that favor while I be boy should Give it to them hataz you a ten in my book Just how I like it that's cool make it pause Girl I'm excited on Grey Goose and all I'll cause a riot getcha back up off the wall Your killin' the money right put ya hand up you a boss [T-Pain] You can get up off that wall shawty come and make it pop for me... (come and make it pop for me) And I bet you move it so good and that's just somethin' that I gots to see... (somethin' that I gots to see) [Hook - T-Pain] I bet that you can wine slow take it down low... (shawty what you waitin' on) I bet that you can wine fast you got all that ass on you... (now what you think I'm 'bout to do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ T-Pain Album: Mail on Sunday/Step Up 2 Soundtrack Song: Low Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [T-Pain] Hmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm (Talk to 'em...talk to 'em...) Hmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm (Lemme talk to 'em...) [Chorus: T-Pain] Shawty had them Apple Bottom jeans Boots wit the furrrr (wit the furrrr) The whole club was lookin at herrr She hit the flo' (she hit the flo'!), next thang you know Shawty got LOW-low-low-low-low-low-low-low Them baggy sweat pants  and the Reeboks wit the straps (wit the straps) She turned around and gave that big booty a smack (AYY!!)  She hit the flo' (she hit the flo'!), next thang you know Shawty got LOW-low-low-low-low-low-low-low [Flo Rida] (C'mon) I ain't never seen nothin that'll make me go this crazy all night spendin my dough Had a million dollar vibe and a bottle to go Them birthday cakes, they stole the show So sexual, she was flex-able Pro-fessional, drinkin X and oh Hoooold up, wait a minute, do I see  what I think I - WHOA Did I thank I see shawty get LOW Ain't the same when it's up that CLOSE Make it rain, I'm makin it snow Work the pole, I got the bank ROLL I'ma say that I prefer them no clothes I'm into that, I love women exposed She threw it back at me, I gave her mo' Cash ain't no problem, I know where it goes She had them... [Flo Rida] Heeey, shawty what I gotta do to get you home? My jeans full of gwap and the ready for shones Cadillacs, Maybachs for the sexy grown Patron on the rocks that'll make you moan "One stack - c'mon, two stacks - c'mon Three stacks - c'mon, now that's three grand What, you think I'm playin, baby girl? I'm the man, I'll bend the rubber bands" That's what I told her, her legs on my shoulder I knew it was over, that Henny and Cola Got me like a solider, she ready for Rover I couldn't control her, so lucky oh me I was just like a clo-ver Shawty was hot like a toast-er Sorry but I had to fold, her Like a pornography pos-ter, she showed her... [Flo Rida] Whooooa, (shaw-taaay), yeah she was worth the (mon-eyyy) Lil' mama took my (caaaash), and I ain't want it (baaaack) The way she bent that (baaaack), got her them paper (staaaacks) Tattoo above her (craaaack), I had to handle (thaaaat) I was on it, sexy woman  Let me showin and made me want it  Two in the mornin, I'm zonin  and them Rosay bottles foamin She wouldn't stop, made it drop Shawty did that pop and lock Had to break her off that gwap Gal was fly just like my Glock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ T-Pain Album: Zoosk Girl (S) Song: Zoosk Girl Typed by: AZ Lyrics I got the girl that I need, but you're the girl that I want I want the girl that do everything, but I got the girl that don't So I can get you, you, and you girl, (Ahhh) Cause your on Zoosk girl (Ahhh) And I can have ya screamin', (oooOOOOoooOOH) Hey Lil' Pinky, Thumbin' up "Good" I'm feelin' myself like we do in the, Look Miss Thing, You visiting, Signaling, Spotlight, They all come for this hook That body language, I Understand it, want us to be on, this Good You keep on dropin' it, I'll keep you up Guilty, my wallet baby I got Ups How you get down, It's like a Flo Party, Doin' this all over like Tevo I get around, I know you're down, So what are you Virgo or Vegro? Feelin' your flames, I know you're a fire, I can't get rid of this ego Screen shorty, you done made me a believer, I'm so addicted to you... When I see you.. I got the girl that I need, but you're the girl that I want I want the girl that do everything, but I got the girl that don't So I can get you, you, and you girl, (Ahhh) Cause your on Zoosk girl (Ahhh) And I can have ya screamin', (oooOOOOoooOOH) So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker (oooOOOOoooOOH) (Hey, Hey) No wasting my time, She gotta be Zoosk, Walkin' it, Talkin' it, know she the truth All the way down with a freak attitude, Whether you're loose when she walk in the room Swingin' them hips like you ain't got a groove, Hell of a giver, she sweet as perfume Fully equipt with that body in tune, Lil' mama is drippin', she hotter than June I gotta have her no way can I rest Make her my diva, want only the best Babies no teaser, I look to impress Good Ladies they help me get rid of my stress No top for close, No bottom the dress, Only one goal, that's showing her flesh Shortys the fly'est chick in the nest, She gotta be Zooskin', nothing less.. I got the girl that I need, but you're the girl that I want I want the girl that do everything, but I got the girl that don't So I can get you, you, and you girl, (Ahhh) Cause your on Zoosk girl (Ahhh) And I can have ya screamin', (oooOOOOoooOOH) So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker (oooOOOOoooOOH) From the A.M to the P.M, From the night until the morning I get up and I come up anytime she calls me Because I give in to my lady anyway she want it Licky Up and Licky down, Now let's, let's get it started From the A.M to the P.M, From the night until the morning I get up and I come up anytime he calls me Because I give in to my baby anyway he wants it Lick Me Up and Lick Me down, Now let's, let's get it started I got the girl that I need, but you're the girl that I want I want the girl that do everything, but I got the girl that don't So I can get you, you, and you girl, (Ahhh) Cause your on Zoosk girl (Ahhh) And I can have ya screamin', (oooOOOOoooOOH) So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker So I can get you, you, and you girl, (oooOOOOoooOOH), Cause you're a Zoosk, Zoosk, Zoosker (oooOOOOoooOOH) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jamie Foxx f/ Busta Rhymes, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: Blame It (Remix) 12" Song Blame It (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Excuse me (Remix) I think y'all need to bring a little bit  Of every type of liquor over here to the table, every bottle We got Weezy, Bus, Pain and Jamie Foxx over here [Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Mami lookin good, mami see me And now she step into the bar because she know she need me Her favorite song on, body so appealin And she sippin on me because she know she need the feelin I make her feel good she call me 'Tron silver Gotta have me in her body, no matter if it kills her I get up in her body, I'm kind of like a coach boo Mami feelin proper body's movin like it's supposed to (LOVE) When I'm in it I make mami wanna dance more (Yeah!) Now she dancin like she's fuckin on the dancefloor (Yeah!) She movin like she wanna break 'em off I keep her hot and sweaty till she wanna take it off Baby girl you better sip slow I'm dangerous when the bottle starts to get low When shorty's knocked out from havin a ball Just blame it on the al-al-al-al-alcohol [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse Two: Lil Wayne] Blame it on who? Blame it on me She drink till she sleep when she drinkin on me I live in the cup, I watch the ice sink She sippon all night on some shit that's light pink You know they say, you are what you drink But baby I gotta be Louis The Thirteenth And I could talk to her, but nobody hear Her liquor so good she don't go around beer Yeah! And shorty got class Shorty got class when she pour me in the glass Hey! Shorty take me to the head One more shot of me shorty be dead He heh! And shorty just love drunk She need a designated driver cause she love drunk Hi there bartender what's your name? Let me buy this woman a bottle of Lil' Wayne, yeah [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Verse Three: T-Pain] T-Pain! Girl I know you feel goooooooddddddddd!!!! Just like you look (Look) Couple more shots you open up like a book I ain't trippin (Cause I'm a read ya) Shorty I ain't trippin (I just wanna please ya) I'm a take a shot of the Nuvo, shorty didn't you know It's goin down we can go and kick it like judo (Judo) You know what I mean, shorty got drunk thought it all was a dream So I made her say AHHHHHHHHH!!!!! AH! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! Now she got her hands on my leg got my seat all the way to my right (All the way to my right) All over my ride (All over my ride) She look me dead in the eye, EYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! Then my pants got bigger, she alrwady know what to dig up Had her lookin at her boyfriend like FUCK, THAT NIGGA!!!!!!! [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] Blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol [Bridge: Jamie Foxx] Now to my ballers poppin bottles with there Henny in the cup Screamin money ain't a thang if it ain't  throw it up in the SKKKYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!! (SKKKYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!) Hold your drinks up HIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!! (HIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!) And to my independent ballers who can buy there own bottles If you lookin like a model when them broke fellas holla Tell 'em BYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! ( BYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!) And hols your drinks up HIIIIIIIIIIIGGGHHHHHHHHH!!! [Chorus: Jamie Foxx] You can blame it on the Goose (Goose) Got you feelin loose (Loose) Blame it on Patron ('Tron) Got you in the zone (Zone) Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the Vodka (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the Henny (HEY!!!!) Blame it on the blue top got you feelin dizzy Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-alcohol Blame it on the al-al-al-al-al-al-al-alcoh-ol-ol-ol The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ T-Pain Album: Maybach Music 2 (Remix) 12" Song: Maybach Music 2 (Remix) * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * original "Maybach Music 2" appeared on Rick Ross' "Deeper Than Rap" [Chorus: T-Pain] Hey! Realest shit I ever wrote, chilling in my Maybach Whatever I send out, homie I'ma make back Hey! Can you believe that? (whoooooa) You gotta see it, hey! I don't plan on going broke, put that on my Maybach cause I'm in it to win now, niggas can't take that Listen to my Maybach music, to my Maybach music [Jay-Z] It smell like summertime to me! {"What is this?"} First one to cop, I'm the Maybach muse First one in the coupe, I'm on my third six-deuce White guts, black Benz I call that bitch Affirmative Action Oreo, the Obama Curtains drawn, they can't see me, Osama Cashmere throws, that's a splash of class S.C. initials on the Tiffany glass I guess on the initial Maybach I was way too official, they ain't call Jay back I'm just a bully, I apologize and if you would've asked, I probably would've lied Huh, this better, no pressure as my mind reclines on white leathers I think back to my first Maybach Baby blue sides, I called her my Similac Six-deuce every time, I never had the Heinz Fifty-seven can't catch up to mines No diss to Ricky, this his song But everybody know this the shit that I been on No fives, no four-point-ohs So no partitions, a no-no for Hov' {"Sweet"} I'm a just a top-drawer nigga Penthouse every time, I'm a top-floor nigga As I drift off further Chauffeur serves the city, observers Oohs and ahhs, they know who's inside Though I never touch the wheel, I won't lose my drive Oohs and ahhs, they know who's inside On the factory shoes, I won't lose my stride [Chorus: T-Pain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GLC f/ Kanye West, T-Pain Album: Flight School 12" Song: Flight School Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Let me get my theme music (x2)  'Aye, Let me get my theme music (x2)  [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Kanye West) Baby, just forget everything that you know  Let's take it all the way back to hello  They say you livin' like you died before  I got a place that only I can go  Let me take you to flight school  (We'll learn to fly)  Let me take you to flight school  (Above all the lights)  You've never been so high, kiss the ground goodbye  And you say, damn baby how did you get that fly?  Flight school  [Verse One: GLC] I got the airplane passes, the aviator glasses  She be lookin fly like aviator classes  So classy, Jacqueline Onassis  Used to sneak and move like Ali, Cassius  Massive, like Kennedy's assassin  We was killin' time like clocks in the casket  Perhaps its time to prevail  I'll show you Gotham City like I'm Christian Bale  I can be Barack and let you be Michelle  Miguel Gizelle Dress fresh as hell Louis Gucci Ye in that pastel  Adore Dior, ride down Lake Shore  She felt the vibe, I had to make sure  She felt deprived livin like she died  Slide with a G, now she felt revived  In town for the night, she's somebody wifey  The LE, she never seen these  So the moment I might seize  I done come up out the coma of livin life's dreams  When you wake up in the morning you join the flight team [Verse Two: Kanye West] I got my superman power, my superman cape  These the last hours, but superman late  The clock is ticking, damn can you wait?  Man, will he come back and save the day?  Fly across the earth, put things in reverse  I wish this life was a movie I could just rehearse  Certain things I can't doctor, and you say I'm the worst  I ain't have enough patients, but I needed a nurse  That'll come by my bed late See if my head ache  Then get my head straight  Then give my head, great  Every time I popped up like the VCR  I took your breath away  Then we performed CPR  With all the cars, the clothes, the lights, the boats  I guess I was just trying to sow my raw oats  In the penthouse position With penthouse bitches See I Pimp'd My crib, so I must exhibit [Xzibit] Shit, these last years been a haze [Hayes] like Issac  So I close my eyes  Tighter than Asian eyes get Realized I got the same wings angels fly  With Louie Vutton feathers, now that some fly shit  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Huey f/ Bow Wow, T-Pain Album: Notebook Paper Song: Pop Lock & Drop It (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Aye, it's so boo-tiful when a plan comes together (yep) It's yo' boy Memp Hitz Y'all already know what this is H-U-E-Y (REEEEEEMIX!!!) Bow Weezy, T-Pain HiTz Committee - pa'tnuh! [Huey] It's H-U-E-Y, home fly G5 and by the look in my eyes, she have nice thighs What her mama done gave her then grew from local to major My pockets flooded with paper, born as a Missouri stater Mami gon take it low if you CAN then touch your toes You AND yo partna them, you CAN get dollas den Trick-IN ain't in my blood, BUT I'ma make it rain n'em Too rich for dolla bills, I consider that as change 25's on my range, know that that's a odd number The way you tootin that thang, can make the guys wonder (dayum!) What's underneath, or even if it's real I'm hopin she's a freak,'cause I ain't tryna chill (naw) I'm tryna get it poppin, wit a +Shortie like Mine+ That's willin to drop it, low enough to blow my mind It's H-U-ezy, and Bow Weezy Let's see if she can get lower than befo' on the remix (REMIIIX!!) [Chorus: Huey] Toot that thang up, mami make it roll Once you pop, pop lock it for me girl get low If yo mama gave it to you, baby girl let it show Once you pop lock, drop it for me maybe we can roll, OH! [women in background - 2X] Pop, lock, and drop it Pop, lock, and drop it Pop, lock, and drop it Pop, lock, and drop it [Bow Wow] Damn lil mama I'm sayin...hm.. All dat in dem jeans?! Woo! Ay, ay, let me holla at chu for a minute doe.. Hey what it is, they call me Bow Wizzle Now pop, lock, drop it for me, make that thang jiggle Yep, she moves her hips, just like Shakira (dayum!) If she was in a contest, she would be the winner (yep!) From Ohio all the way to St. Louis (uh huh) Hey all the girls do it, just put your back into it Now shake what she gave ya, I'm talkin bout ya mama If you won't do it for ME then do it for these dollas (hahaha) Cause I'ma make it rain, these otha dudes is lame They talk a good game, but they cain't do the same (nah) Now drop it up and DOWN, now take it to the GROUND If you wanna please me, baby all you gotta do is (Pop, lock, and drop it) But baby don't stop it We can do it like Chris Brown girl and get it "Poppin" Man I'm a pro, (yep) look, I'm far from a rookie (that's right) Girl get your pretty self over here gimme them coukies [T-Pain] ... (Shawty snap) yeah! (Gawd-DAYUM! Shawty snap) Shaw-taaay! Yea - now let me ask you a lil question that you never heard: How do you make them dollas disappear like Copperfield for lack of better words? Let me introduce my friend, that's Huey and Bow Wow I'm the Pain, better known as Teddy Pend-Her-Ass-Down! I'm G (yea) butchu pro'ly already knew that Butchu didn't know that I could make you pop, lock, drop and do THAT! Now under-STAND I'm the baddest man ALIVE So let's just, bend your knees and do the G5 - NOW we fly! YEA, now you can do it (yea!) YEA, I know you see me (yea!) YEA, you wanna be me (yea!) YEA, you got my CD (yea!) YEA, that's HiTz Committee (yea!) YEA, that's Baby Huey (yea!) YEA, that's Bow Weezy (yea!) YEA, that's Teddy Pain I'ma make you climb the pole I'ma play you dependin on how this money unfold and I got it from my mama I ain't tryna go, pro If you pop, lock, DROP it I might let all of this go Oooooooooh! [ Chorus /w T-Pain ad-libbing and singing "paw-op"] [Outro] Eh-hey, I guess that's what it is den, world HiTz Committee, So So Def, Konvict (wassup) (Wassup manye?) Ha Ha!, eh y'all can roll wit us or get rolled on manye (YEEEAAH) already (yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Lil Wayne, T-Pain, Twista Album: The Voice Song: Cuddy Buddy Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Jim Jonsin] + {T-Pain in background} Ha ha ha (Yeah) Yo It's Bigg D., Jim Jonsin collabo Oh yeah It's another one (It's another one) Mike Jones {Oh, oh} [Chorus: T-Pain] You can be my cuddy, cuddy, buddy, fo' sho (You can ride with me) Girl, don't act like you don't already know (Act like you don't see) We can get it on the bed or the floor (Don't matter to me, girl) I wanna take you to H-Town Repeat Chorus [Verse 1: Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Girl, if you need this here Call me, don't have no fear I wanna (Love you down, la, la, love you down) Late night's a lovey-dovey Some wanted to love, to love me She's somethin' like a friend Call her my cuddy buddy Even though she got a man (Oh) She already know the plan (Oh) She already know the deal So what the business here Even though she (Got a man) She already (Know the plan) She already know the deal Know the deal, know the deal Even though I'm chubby, chubby Your chick, she love me, she love me She might be with you now But she still thinkin' of me Y'all out there making love Our cuddy make 'em love me In the back of the 'Llac, buddy Just like (Oh) That (Oh) Repeat Chorus [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] + {T-Pain in background} See, I can't be her man {No} And she can't be my girl {No} But we do it like it's the end of the world You dig We have relations like I'm kin to the girl I make her holla like when momma brought her into the world Look, I'll let him buy you dinner tonight Then at the end of the night You be my dinner tonight Ha You see, he dark, he always dim in his light And that girl, wanna shine, I bring her into the light Voila I become her Allah And I swear that thang feel like la, la, la And since he feed her lies (What you do) I be her dessert on the side {Oh, oh} Yeah Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Twista] How you do your lips like that    Move your hips like that    Work your ass like that (Like that)    Why you make noise like that    Move slow like that    Fuck fast like that (Like that)    Baby, I ain't gon' lie to you (Yeah)    We so sexually compatible (Yeah)    How I thrill myself, like I kill myself    When I feel myself inside of you (Yeah)    You can be my cuddy buddy, nibble on my Nutty Buddy    While we do some freaky things with the lights on    Touchin' on you while I'm listenin' to T-Pain (Whoa, oh)    Huggin' on you while I'm listenin' to Mike Jones (Whoa, oh)    Do it soon as we got in the sack    Or I could hit it in the back of the 'Llac    Off a fifth of the yak    Like (Like)    Like (Like)    That [Mike] It's the middle of the night, y'all got into a fight    Now you mad with your feelings hurt    Girl, let me Buy U A Drank, please tell me what you thank    Right before I get up in them skirts [T-Pain] Skeet, skeet [Mike] I pull up in a 'Llac truck [T-Pain] Beep, beep [Mike] My mean shawty back up [T-Pain] Beep me [Mike] If your man act up, he poor time, girl, I'll be the backup [Hook: Mike Jones] Cause I'm your cuddy buddy Cut-cut-cut-cuddy buddy Soon as he fall asleep She on her way to love me Repeat Hook [Outro: Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Cause she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor (Girl) Cause you know that I keep it hood And she know that I (Got that wood) And she know that my (Sex is good) We can do it on the bed or the floor, let me know Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ T-Pain Album: The Voice Song: Scandalous Hoes II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: T-Pain] I still don't love 'em, I still don't trust 'em I get paranoid every time I fuck 'em Known to break rubbers And this is why, I, can't, stand these scandalous hoes They see me gettin riches, so they try to stick with me But I ain't stupid, I know that they're plottin for position That's why I dismiss 'em Because I, can't, stand these scandalous hoes [Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Now that I got me a plaque, these hoes all on my back They see me livin the dream, they see me stackin my stacks That's why I hold my strap, because (I, can't, stand these scandalous hoes) They see the 11-12 cars all black American Express not green, all black They'll try to set you up if you let 'em set the trap But I ain't fin' to fall for that {Why would I} let a motherfucker take me for weak? I never roll alone, roll the streets with the heat When you worth that much can't lose it for nothin cheap And when you worth that much can't lose it for nothin cheap Damn, they cutthroat to the teeth These hoes so scandalous I can't even sleep I never open up so they can get close to me because (I, can't, stand these scandalous hoes) [Mike Jones] + (T-Pain) Befo' the paper came it was never 'bout the money But now the paper here, e'rybody actin funny They want all your time and STILL spend all your money? Still spend all your money? Money? You see a nigga out here tryin to make it out the game Make it out the hood, and do somethin good But you don't understand until you see the money good I swear, I swear, I swear... Got a nigga on parole so you stick to that type First minute y'all fight you put them laws in his life Why you put them in his girl you know you ain't right (Yeah girl you know you ain't right!) You feel the time is right now to have you a child Cause y'all been together for a long long while Everythang good now but when the shit turn foul Somebody fin' to go buckwild Now she got your ass up in court, facin child support for a kid he found out wasn't his But when he, 8 years old and you, glued to his soul Your heart sayin you can't leave that kid The scandalous bitch, the scandalous hoe 8 years ago, knew the kid wasn't his from the go But she let the nigga spend all his money and his time Somewhere you gotta cross that line (Mike Jones) Some shit is just so so wrong Some shit I know now I can't put in the song Some shit'll get you hurt if it go on too long Cause once the nigga gets pissed, the gun goes click {*click clack*} By this time his attitude is FUCK DIS~! You can't tell him shit, his head now harder than a brick You should've told a bitch before it came down to this Now the hoe gettin carried by 6, that's why [T-Pain] Whoahhhh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ T.I., T-Pain Album: I'm a Flirt (Single] Song: I'm a Flirt (Remix] Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [R. Kelly] I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a flirt [Chorus - R. Kelly] Soon as I see her walk up in the club, I'm a flirt Winking eyes at me when I roll up on them dubs, I'm a flirt Sometimes when I'm with my chick on the low, I'm a flirt And when she's with her man looking at me damn right, I'm a flirt So homie don't bring your girl to meet me cuz, I'm a flirt And baby don't bring your girlfriend to eat cuz, I'm a flirt Please believe it, unless your game is tight and you trust her Then don't bring her around me because, I'm a flirt [Verse 1 - R. Kelly] Now swear to tell the truth and the whole truth When it comes to hoes I be pimping like I supposed to Rolling like I supposed to, shining like I supposed to In the club fucking with honeys like I supposed to I don't understand when a nigga bring his girlfriend to the club Freaking all on the floor with his girlfriend in the club And wonder why all these playas trying to holler at her Just soon as she go to the bathroom, nigga I'm gon' holler at her A dog on the prowl when I'm walking through the mall If I could man I would probably fuck with all of y'all Yeah, yeah homie you say she your girlfriend But when I step up to her I'ma be like cousin Believe me man this is how them playas do it in the Chi And plus we got them playerette flirters in the Chi Now the moral of this story is cuff your bitch Cuz hey, I'm black, handsome, I sing plus I'm rich And I'm a flirt [T.I. talking] Hey homie if you ain't got no money You better keep her away from me ya dig [Verse 2 - T.I.] Well if ya love ya girl and wanna keep ya girl Don't be walkin' up and askin' me to meet ya girl Because I'm well enough a flirt when I speak to ya girl She winked her eyes on the sly, I seen cha girl Better treat girl right cuz another man will Better eat eat ya girl like another man will Cuz you leave ya wife and I see ya wife Now be for real, how long ya think that's fixin' to be ya wife Well I'm livin' the life, you just gettin' it right Ya old lady look at me cuz you ain't hittin' it right She probably used to like you cuz you the business type That's till I came along and put some dick in her life Wanna see how that ass lookin' thick in the light I noticed she was checkin' me and diggin' the ice And if I get that tonight bet I hit that twice I can even make her mine if I hit that right You know, smack that thang, sit that right Up on that dress, see yeah that's right Pullin' on her hair like we gettin' in a fight Yeah, I know it's kind of tight but it'll sweat just right So if ya girl sexy and she test me Don't be upset G cuz you might catch me Tryin' to catch a glance up her skirt, put my plan in reverse If I see her and I like her then I'm a flirt [Verse 3 - T-Pain] When I, when I, when I When I pull up to club all the shorties be like, damn twenty-eights Then I be like girl you know just who I am, don't hate See I done fell in love with a stripper y'all All I do is flirt with her and I get them draws And I don't need no help, I got it down pact Teddy Pain was born to flirt now you can't down that Now I'ma flirt with her whether I'm in or out of town That's why they call me Teddy Bend-Er-Ass Down I be like como se llamo, lil' mama me llamo Pain What is your name I'm feeling your vibe and I'm hoping you feel the same I'ma wink my eye and let you know I got the game When I pass by I know exactly what you say He's so fly, yes he's so cool Hey shorty, hey shorty what it do He mad cuz I'm looking but I already fucked her I got these niggaz mad cuz I'm a flirt [Chorus - R. Kelly] [Verse 4 - R. Kelly] Oh, it's the remix Now if you walk in up in the club with a bad chick And if she lookin' at me then I'm gon' hit Man jackin' for chicks, I tried to quit it But I'm a playa homie so I had to hit it While you buying her drinks in the club Acting like you in love Stunting like you all thug We was switching numbers She looking at you and I walk by You turn your head, she wink her eye I can't help it if she checking for a platinum type of guy She be calling my daddy and I be calling her mommy She be calling you Kelly, when your name is Tommy I don't know what y'all be thinking when you bring 'em around me Let me remind you that I am the king of R&B Do you know what that means That means if you love your chick don't bring her to the V.I.P. Cuz I might leave with your chick Just keeping it real my nigga, it's a playa's field my nigga Don't take no bitch to the club when you just met her my nigga Cuz I'ma flirt with her, right He gon' flirt with her, right And if she lickin' that good shit She gon' flirt with her I'm a flirt [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ T-Pain Album: Kickin' & Screamin' Song: Dumb For You Typed by: AZ Lyrics OK, did I do it, did I put the key in the door And lock that thang down Did I hit it? Yes I did, On the problem is out got a friend, and he way too hot now Chasing nothing bout Mary, so don't get carried away and get buried It can get real dumb, and make them rekill us said this motherfuck idiot See here's the deal, she got a baby buy some young punk Runner run up on me, it's feeling too ill Never check the player, check the game You never came up home, I don't know why you did it like that I borrowed your girl and give her right back Give me a little bit of ris out of the carpet that I have a side bar, she don't know how to act You better get her She got go women like it was born in 'er The big old booty keep me warm in the cold winter It can go stupid, that means I'm going easy Where you find her from? Firearri And I'm about to go stupid And I'm always representing where I'm from From from from from from from And if a nigga wanna try me, better tell him roll right by me when he come Come come come come come come Hey, I'm about to go dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you Hey, I'm about to go dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you Hey, I'm about to go You're one hundred, we so hunterish And you'll be mokin' her when she's bumpin' this Mister goodie good could change it to make it good I love to keep the piece but I wish a nigga would Leggo it would be different if she sell out Then you know what you had before If I cock it then let it go You go six she lonely and chose me You boarded home alone and tried to blame it on me Keep my family riding with me but sometimes I'm so lo You don't know I can really make it go dodo And I ain't have to force her to come Divorce her, before it gets dumb And I'm about to go stupid And I'm always representing where I'm from From from from from from from And if a nigga wanna try me, better tell him roll right by me when he come Come come come come come come Hey, I'm about to go dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you Hey, I'm about to go dumb for you, dumb for you, dumb for you Hey, I'm about to go Aha, T-Pa-a-ain Okay, Kali baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mama f/ Chris Brown, T-Pain Album: VYP: Voice of the Young People Song: Shawty Get Loose Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Greatness plus greatness, equals great greatness} [Lil' Mama - Intro] Hey...hey...hey... The way we get loose, we move our shoul-ders For-ward, heads back Get it in +Control+ like Janet Jack Get it on the flo', let 'em know what's happenin L-I-L, you better ask somebody I been on my grind since butt touch potty Y'all don't really want it with the young hot toddler Wit a flo' so spec like techno-lotta It's, so sick, how the clock go tick Keep givin y'all hits like techmatic UH! It's the reason why I spit it how I spit it When I spit, it's like mucus - gotta get rid of it These chicks don't pop like me Uncompatable girl, no comparin me AND, ain't none of y'all scarin me Like "Don't Cha" wish ya girl was as bad as me - YEAH Wit a flow so sick like Twista's So sweet, but could be cold like a mystic Instincts come so smooth like what is it? BK, H-dub ours like a wizard [Chorus: Chris Brown] Shawty get loose - baby do what you do lemme see you let down yo' hurrrr Shawty get loose - hit the dance floor and act like there's nobody else in hurrrrr Shawty get loose - Krump, clown Break it on down, baby do your thang Shawty get loose - P-H-A-T phat Baby, I ain't even know you can break it down like that Dat, dat, dat (WALK, WALK, SET, SET, ROW, ROW, then you) Dat-dat-dat, dat, dat (WALK, WALK, SET, SET, ROW, ROW, then you) Dat, dat, dat, dat (WALK, WALK, SET, SET, ROW, ROW, then you) Dat-dat-dat, dat, dat, dat (WALK, WALK, SET, SET, ROW, ROW, then you) [T-Pain] NAPPY BOIIIIIII!!!! What it do (do), Teddy to the Piz-ayne (Piz-ayne) You already know (know), tell 'em I'm the miz-ayne (miz-ayne) Shawty, yee ain't messin wit a lizz-ame I'ma have you loose on the flo', you gon' be steppin wit a cizz-ane (cizz-ane) I mind-boggle models wit a bottle of somethin good I'll take 'em to the hood and have they ass goin insane A hard rap artist that hang wit saingers So don't thank that this thang is hard, 'cause homie it ain't I'm LOOSE (loose) LOOSE - you gotta be kiddin me You tellin me shawty right here can take her hair down and do it like YOU (you) YOU If all of this is true, you gotta show me what you do Show me, now do it - 5, 4, 3, 2! (2!) 2; you know Pain came to change the game All the way from the same thang to summa dat NEW (new) NEW Impress me, I want ONE person on this flo' to try and test me Now shawty get loose! [Lil' Mama - repeat 2X] In the crib, in the club, in the block, it don't matter It-it don't, it-it-it, it don't matter In the crib, in the club, in the block, it don't matter I spit stats - 4, 5, 6, I do da-data How she do, di-di-di-dat like dat? Got the hood on the back and her pockets is fat  Still rollin, rollin -left (left) right (right) Shot callin, callin - that's (that's) right (right) 'Cause my team on the market, famila we 'bout to pop it Lock, drop and roll like a hip-hop rock show You never know where my mind gon' go N-n-NOT Puerto Rican but I like mangoes So smooth on the danceflo' (So prove on the dance flo') When you see me comin I'm runnin it like a game show You ain't know, Lil' Mama go She be runnin and poppin it, hit you wit the bust flow She's haaaAAHHHHH-OOOOOOAWT! So get loose on the flo' and I cannot stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mama f/ T-Pain Album: VYP: Voice of the Young People Song: What it Is (Strike a Pose) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil' Mama - Intro] I'm what it is.. I'm what it is.. I'm what it is.. Ha-hah, eh-hah, eh-hah, ha ha I'm what it is.. (What it is) what it is (what it is) What it is (what it is) what it is (what it is) What it is (what it is) what it is (what it is) Ha, ha, ha-ha-ha - I'm WHAT IT ISSS! Fresh for the block, Friday nights, party nights Fresh for the block, 'cause everybody in the party straight from the block, but what they gon' stop? My Netti wind is sick, my heel toe wit twist-a 360, this is - (NON-PLAYWITABLE!) My doo-wop is sick, hit that then hit the 360, this is - (FIVE STACKS CRITICAL!) And I ain't tryna brag to you (no!) And I ain't definitely tryna keep UP, 'cause I'm ahead of you Walk, krump, and I murder you Magic with a verse-a, dude And that's just somethin that ain't changed yet, straight wreck on anybody talkin material 'cause I take checks So let's, make this a foreclosure Been where you nev-ah, been real and the game's ov-ah! Y'all mo' the, crust of these rap chicks (YEAH!) Peep what it is, but they not like this - I'm WHAT IT ISSS! [Chorus: T-Pain] {Lil' Mama} She fine (she fine), she sexy, cool And don't n'am dudes know what to do with her (know what to do with her) {I'm WHAT IT ISSS!} All these chicks can keep hatin but they know that they can't fool with her (they can't fool with her) {I'm WHAT IT ISSS!} She hit the spot and shut it DAOWN! (DOWN!) No messin around, strike a pose, girl (Aw yeah, aw yeeeeaaaah) Strike a pose, girl! ...Now get off, GET OFF! [Lil' Mama] (I'm WHAT IT ISSS! - WHOA) "She's so aggressive, the girl pressin" (I'm WHAT IT ISSS! - WHOA) "But she's a wack adolescent" (I'm WHAT IT ISSS! - WHOA) Successin is my only mission It's impossible for anybody, come and get it Definition of raw talent and I write all bars Flay cars in the hood they call me No Holds Barred Born star like my lil' brother ?Onstar? And I will, eat you rappers plus the candy's inside Lil' Mama nicka-nicknamed Dharma {?} I'ma truth in the booth, +Shawty Gets Loose+ And they way I eat guys so mean  "Lil' Mama, YOU'RE SO MEAN!" - SO?! I like to rock the party and I like to rock the show When they step into my league, I gotta use all force when you START tryin to play with my brain like I'm crazy Oh baby! That's when it's rock-a-bye baby! [Lil' Mama] Why don't you come around here, dawg?  Look for me, type ease in bees we breeze Pass your team, 'cause I been to where you sightseen Nothing that you do or could ever do to excite me Can't see, like we know maybes or more than likely She gon' have flow {?}, which means I got flow sick disease Which means I have no sympathies, no antedote, y'all heard of me! Please, wit these CB-4 chicks 'fore I get up on some see mo', feed me mo' This is what I been sayin for some time now (time now) If anybody got an object-ion, time's now! Mo' fitted and mo' stroll 'cause she's ON She's on - (wha?) SHE'S ON! Wake up in the mornin, go to sleep at dawn My mama shoulda named me Dawn, ah-uh-uh, ONNN!! Either way, I woulda been a trip, the way I flip {YEAH!} the script and switch then get down like this - I'm WHAT IT ISSS! ["I'm what it is" ad-libs and chants continues 'til the end of the song] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ T-Pain Album: Tha Carter III Song: Got Money Typed by: badboym35@aol.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] I need Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money right now to the VIP section (Yea, young, young, young, young, young) [Chorus: T-Pain] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah), Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it Hang over the wall of the VIP like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way [Lil Wayne] I was bouncing through the club She love the way I diddy-bop I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fitted cocked Say I ant never been a chicken but my semi cocked Now where your bar at I'm trynna rent it out And we so bout it bout it Now what are you about Dj showin love he say my name when the music stop Young money, Lil Wayne then the music drop I make it snow I make it flurry I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry Yah, young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on the hoes Young money [Chorus: T-Pain and Lil Wayne] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah) Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it (yeah) Hang over the wall of the VIP like (C'mon) (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way [Lil Wayne] (We got this one Streets) We go one for the money Two for the show Clap your hands if you got a bank roll (Chris) Like some clap on lights in this bitch Imma be clappin all night in this bitch Lights off, mask on, creep silent, she smilin, he muggin, who cares Cuz my goons, are right here Like its nothing, to a big dog And I'm a Great Dane I wear 8 chains, I mean so much ice  They yell skate wayne She wanna fuck weezy  But she wanna rape Wayne (And I'mma let her) [Chorus: T-Pain] Got money (yeah), and you know it (yeah) Take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like (flyy) This-a-way (flyy), that-a-way (flyy), this-a-way (flyy), that-a-way Getting mugged from everybody who sees it Hang over the wall of the VIP like [Lil Wayne] Ok, its young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on them hoes like AAAA' And everybody say, Mr. rain man can we have a rainy day Bring an umbrella, please bring an umbrella, ella, ella, ella, AAAA' Bitch ain't shit but a hoe and a trick But you know it ain't trickin if you got it You know you ain't fuckin if you not thick And I'll cool your ass down if you think your hot shit So Rolex watch this I do it four, five, six, my click, clack goes the black four-fifth And just like it I'll blow that shit Cuz bitch I'm the bomb like tick, tick, BIATCH [Lil Wayne] Yea, its young wayne on the hoes AKA Mr. Make-it-rain on the hoes Yea, young wayne on the hoes Make a stripper fall in love, T-Pain on them hoes. Uhh uhh Um, Young moola baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ T-Pain Album: Tha Carter IV Song: How 2 Hate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] Ohhh yeahhhhhhhhh! Oh-hooooo Oh-hoh, oh-hooooooooo Nooooo you didn't girl... She owes me everything and she knows it I've seen all of the scenes in this movie and she blows it at the end She keeps talkin to me, cause she knows that I'm a friend But I can't keep hearin it over and over again I was the one that you came to when you broke up wit'cha boyfriend, man fuck him Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggaz Then you still went and fucked them other niggaz Most people learn from the bad things I hope that you learn, and don't crash and burn in the fast lane But if you read this letter then you caught me This should explain all the ways that you taught me [Chorus: T-Pain] How to hate a bitch, that owe you everythang At least a wedding rang, movin on to better thangs So don't you call me talkin 'bout them other fools I'm not good enough for you I thought that we was cool Wooo! Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhhh Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhh If you need a shoulder to cry on girl I won't listen I'm through fuckin with these bitch-ass bitches [Lil Wayne] And I don't love them hoes But don't fuck up with Wayne cause when it "Waynes" it pours No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit You used to be the shit but now you ain't shit bitch I had a redbone, but she be trippin though All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeontoed She used to always say, fuck my niggaz And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggaz Well~! I guess I'm single for tonight And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night And if I sound mad, then you caught me But this should explain, that you're the one that taught me [Lil Wayne] ... Coconut Ciroc Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot I'm over the bitch, and she over the top They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock Well~! And I wish I never met ya And I heard you doin you, and you heard I'm doin better And all I had to do was put two and two together But that just makes four, but not for-ever, damn So much for being the perfect couple I put in overtime, I was workin doubles I wish you the best - good luck boo Weezy F, for Fuck You [T-Pain] No ain't nothin goin on Girl I'm movin on, just take yo' ass home Get away from here, girl I'm so glad you're gone This is the last song I'm writin for you Now I see how you can be I don't want you 'round me All you do is down me girl How many years I tried to get ya Don't even text my phone when it hit ya Cause girl you're no good to me [Outro: T-Pain] Whoaaaaa, ohhh, ohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lonely Island f/ T-Pain Album: Incredibad Song: I'm On a Boat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] + (T-Pain) (Shortayyyy) Aww shit Get your towels ready it's about to go down (shorty, yeah) Everybody in the place hit the fuckin deck (shorty, yeah) But stay on your motherfuckin toes We runnin this, let's go [Chorus] + (T-Pain) I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat) I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat) Everybody look at me cause I'm sailin on a boat (sailin on a boat) I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat) I'm on a boat Take a good hard look at the motherfuckin boat (boat, yeah) [The Lonely Island] + (T-Pain) I'm on a boat motherfucker take a look at me Straight flowin on a boat on the deep blue sea Bustin five knots, wind whippin out my coat You can't stop me motherfucker cause I'm on a boat Take a picture, trick (trick) I'm on a boat, bitch (bitch) We drinking Santana champ, cause it's so crisp (crisp) I got my swim trunks, and my flippie-floppies I'm flippin burgers, you at Kinko's straight flippin copies I'm ridin on a dolphin, doin flips and shit The dolphin's splashin, gettin e'rybody all wet But this ain't Seaworld, this is real as it gets I'm on a boat motherfucker, don't you ever forget I'm on a boat and, it's goin fast and I got a nautical themed pashmina afghan I'm the king of the world, on a boat like Leo If you're on the shore, then you're sho' not me-oh {Get the fuck up, this boat is REAL!!!} Fuck land, I'm on a boat, motherfucker (motherfucker) Fuck trees, I climb buoys, motherfucker (motherfucker) I'm on the deck with my boys, motherfucker (yeah) This boat engine make noise, motherfucker Hey ma, if you could see me now (see me now) Arms spread wide on the starboard bow (starboard bow) Gonna fly this boat to the moon somehow (moon somehow) Like Kevin Garnett, anything is possible [T-Pain] Yeah, never thought I'd be on a boat It's a big blue watery road (yeah) Poseidon~!! Look at me, oh (all hands on deck) Never thought I'd see the day When a big boat comin my way Believe me when I say, I fucked a mermaid [T-Pain] Whoahhh Sha-sha-shorty, shorty Yeah yeah yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ T-Pain Album: Theater of the Mind Song: One More Drink Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ludacris] It was Friday night and I was feelin aight (yup) Downtown Atlanta, big city, bright lights Mixin Henny with the Sprite while I'm drinkin and drivin No police lights (lights) no police sirens I'm headed to the club, lookin for a freak (freak) To spread a little love and spread a couple cheeks (cheeks) Pull up to the spot 26's like BAM! Eyes on me like, "Bitch do you SEE 'EM?" Strolled through the front do' headed to the VIP (VIP) Bought a couple bottles and I took a couple sips (sips) Scopin out the room, and what do I SEE? A nice round butt, and a pair of double D's! So I crept up like, "Shorty what's happenin You killin that dress and I love it with a passion" Then she turned around and her face was aight She had a gap tooth and a mean overbite But I was like hmmmm [Chorus: T-Pain] Yeah yeah If I take one more drink, I'm gon' end up fuckin you Is that what you wanna do, shorty? If I take one more drink, I'm gon' end up fuckin you You too, ooh ooh ooooh [Ludacris] Woke up the next mornin and all I can remember Was takin shots and tippin the bartender Surrendered to the woman end up bringin me home Cause she started lookin better every shot of Patron, yup! I jumped up with a devilish grin Cause tonight, damn right I might do it again So I called up the homies (whattup) let's ride We can hit the sports bar over on the Southside (aight) Get a couple of Coronas, couple of limes (yup) Went up to the bar and saw a couple of dimes So I, slowly walked up and said hi My name's Ludacris and I'm a hell of a guy One said "I know who you are, I'm your number one fan And right now it's too bad I got a man" And I said I understand (I understand) But where the hell is he at  cause in a minute if he don't show up then mannnnn [Ludacris] Uh-huh huh, ay Pain holla at 'em right quick man [T-Pain] + (Ludacris) Yeah, you gon' get in trouble with yo' man girl (Don't get in trouble girl) Talkin 'bout how you're my biggest fan girl (I know it, I know it!) Now I don't wanna do (please) what you're gon' make me do (Don't make me do it, don't make me do it!) But I, if I have more drink [Ludacris] One mo' drink I'ma get ya home then I'll split ya Grab the camera phone and take a bunch of drunk pictures Cause Hennessy mixed with a whole bunch of buddah Equals you mixed with a whole bunch of Luda And you know how far one drink could go Start slurrin my speech slowin up the flow Hikin up ya skirt, climbin up ya shirt It's Mr. Late Night Luda and I like to flirt So guess what baby girl! [Ludacris  over Chorus] Just one mo' That's all it's gon' take, hey! Ha ha, who else T-Pain? [Outro: Ludacris] Ha ha ha, you hear what I'm sayin? People too picky these days, damnit Too tall, too short, too fat, too skinny Have a couple of drinks and quit discriminatin This has been a Luda Service Announcement Deuces, ha ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maino f/ T-Pain Album: If Tomorrow Comes Song: All the Above Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Just Blaze] (T-Pain) Yo Pain you ready!!!!! (Yeah!) Pain let's lock and load (Yeah!) Just Blaze (Yeah!) Naje hurry up! (Yeah!) But I think you got one (Yeah!) HERE WE GO!!!!!!!1 [Chorus: T-Pain] Tell me what do you see (See) When you lookin at me (Me) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! All I'm wishin to be (Be) What I'm destined to be (Be) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've done been through the pain and the sorrow  The struggle it's nothin but love (Nothin but love) I'm a soldier a rider a ghetto survivor and all the above (HEY!!!) All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above [Verse One: Maino] Listen! Really what do you see, when you lookin at me? See me come up from nothin, see me livin my dreams I've done been through the bottom, I've done suffered alot I deserve to be rich, headin straight to the top Look how I ride for the block, look how I rep for the hood I got nothin but love, now that I come through the hood Gettin this fortune and fame, will it make all of us change? The new benz is all white, call it John Mccain How the hell could you stop me? Why in the world would you try? I go hard forever, that's just how I'm designed That's just how I was built, see the look in my eyes You take all of this from me, and I'm still 'gon survive You get truth from me, but these rappers 'gon lie I'm a part of these streets, till the day that I die I wave hi to the haters, mad that I finally made it Take a look, and you can tell that I'm destined for greatness [Chorus: T-Pain] Tell me what do you see (See) When you lookin at me (Me) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! All I'm wishin to be (Be) What I'm destined to be (Be) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've done been through the pain and the sorrow  The struggle it's nothin but love (Nothin but love) I'm a soldier a rider a ghetto survivor and all the above (HEY!!!) All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above [Verse Two: Maino] It's easy to hate, it's harder to love me Y'all don't understand, y'all quickly to judge me Put your foot in my Nike's, picture you livin my life Picture you stuck in the cell, picture you waistin your life Picture you facin a charge, picture you beatin the odds Picture you willin to bleed, picture you wearin the scar Thank you for makin me struggle, thank you for makin me grind I perfected my hustle, tell me the world ain't mine You've been seein me lately, I'm a miracle baby I refuse to lose, this what the ghetto done made me I put that on my father, tryin to hope for tomorrow When I think that I can, I envision Obama I envision in diamonds, I envision Ferrari's If the world was perfect, all my niggas behind me Ain't you happy I made it? Man I'm makin a statement Take a look, and you can tell that I'm destined for greatness  [Chorus: T-Pain] Tell me what do you see (See) When you lookin at me (Me) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! All I'm wishin to be (Be) What I'm destined to be (Be) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've done been through the pain and the sorrow  The struggle it's nothin but love (Nothin but love) I'm a soldier a rider a ghetto survivor and all the above (HEY!!!) All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above [Bridge: T-Pain] Now if I'm out on the spot (Spot) Or if I'm out on the block (Block) I hustle hard cause it's all the time (They know, they know) If you know that crime don't stop (Stop) Because I rose to the top (Top) And eveybody knows my name (They know, they know) Hey! I'm still grindin (Still grindin) Still hustlin (Still hustlin) No more pain (No more pain) No more sufferin (No more sufferin) My ladies and my shorties and my thugs Keep on dancin and shinin for love [Chorus: T-Pain] All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maino f/ T-Pain, Young Jeezy Album: All the Above (Remix) 12" Song: All the Above (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Just Blaze] (T-Pain) Yo Pain you ready!!!!! (Yeah!) Pain let's lock and load (Yeah!) Just Blaze (Yeah!) Naje hurry up! (Yeah!) But I think you got one (Yeah!) HERE WE GO!!!!!!!! [Chorus: T-Pain] Tell me what do you see (See) When you lookin at me (Me) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! All I'm wishin to be (Be) What I'm destined to be (Be) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've done been through the pain and the sorrow  The struggle it's nothin but love (Nothin but love) I'm a soldier a rider a ghetto survivor and all the above (HEY!!!) All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above [Verse One: Maino] Listen! Really what do you see, when you lookin at me? Real niggas love me they feel me the streets is proud of me Homey I'm just like you, this is what that grind do Look at me my movement is spreadin just like the swine flu Ain't no use to stoppin me baby I'm uncontrollable Never back down keep fightin just like a soldier do Yeah I guess it's on again they gonna respect New York again Promise you, Hadie I love you you 'gon walk again Pants hangin still bangin never let my city down Cam from nothin rep from Brooklyn tell me you don't feel me now I'm a G, I'm a rider, I'm a son, I'm a father Black Flag, Black Prada yeah I'm a real survivor This for my homeys who (Who) I lost along the way (Way) Either death or in jail you still apart of me Still showin you love all of my thugs Head high fist in the sky all the above [Chorus: T-Pain] Tell me what do you see (See) When you lookin at me (Me) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! All I'm wishin to be (Be) What I'm destined to be (Be) Whoa oh oooh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've done been through the pain and the sorrow  The struggle it's nothin but love (Nothin but love) I'm a soldier a rider a ghetto survivor and all the above (HEY!!!) All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above [Verse Two: Young Jeezy] All the above, and everything between These niggas say they real, what does that really mean? And I don't trust these clowns, some are always starin You know these muh'fuckers fake as them chains they wearin (HA-HAAAAAAH!) Real niggas stay aboard, others jump ship Real niggas earn they keep, others lunch/sick You niggas actin like sugar, might as well strip Niggas actin like strippers, might as well tip (HA-HAAAAAH!) Hatin get you nowhere, have a safe trip And bitch I'm goin to the moon, I need a spaceship Homey's in the big house, so I sit in my big house Let you run your big mouth, 'bout things you know shit 'bout I did it for the streets, I did it for the hood I'm gettin money before rap, let's get it understood Bitch I been livin good, the fuck I'm Hollywood Ask Westside Blue, I been +Robin Hood+ I never been a bitch, I never been a snitch I love some fileet, it always make me shit See I ain't worried about you, it won't make me shit See I'm only into things that'll make me rich I lost my faith in this fake shit, stay to the faith shit But I be damned I lose my face to this fake shit Deep in the matrix, so much hate I can taste it You suckas can't take it, my life finish my break {?} [Outro: T-Pain] All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All The above (OH OH!!!!) All the above (OH OH!!!!) All the aboooooooooovvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeee!!!!!  All the above The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travie McCoy f/ T-Pain, Young Cash Album: Lazarus Song: The Manual Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Travie McCoy] They say anything is possible and life's just another obstacle Well show me the manual, and the man responsible Yeah, I went lookin for answers in the hospital and came back with a pocketfull when I stole the manual, and killed the man responsible Now we all make mistakes; but those mistakes just make us who we are They're not who we choose to be (no) My faith got misplaced; somewhere between a superstar {HEY} And the boy that I used to be {HEY} [Chorus: T-Pain] I'm just tryin to be whoooo you say you are But who are you? I'm just tryin to be whoooo you say are the stars and who is cool But who am I? (Oh, oh, oh) I'm the dude responsible Hey, but who am I? (Oh, oh, oh) Hey~! I'm the dude responsible... (hey!) [Travie McCoy] They say clothes don't make the man, but I'ma show you how fresh I am Soon as I pay my water bill - and a couple other bills They say they gotta cure for my smile, rather for my lack there of So they gave me another pill, but it was just the water bill You know we all make mistakes; but they just make us insecure And a little uncomfortable My faith got misplaced; between who I was before {HEY} And the dude you think you know {HEY} [Young Cash] + (Travie) + {T-Pain} Say! I can be in the hood sippin 'gnac with my boys At the keg parties with them white boys At the beach with the surfers in Beverly Hills at a ex party with Vicks and light toys I guess you can call me a chameleon I adapt to any situation I'm in And my momma ain't raise no fools I'm just comfortable in the skin that I am in (Now we all make mistakes) {Yeah, I'm a walkin' contradiction and plus I never listen, ooh} (And my faith got misplaced) {Somewhere along the lines of, tryin to make my mind up, yeah - hey, hey} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Akon, T-Pain Album: 5.0 Song: Move That Body Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: T-Pain] Move, that body Work, that body girl Twist, that body Shake, it shawty Move, that body (like~!) Work, that body girl (like~!) Twist, that body (like~!) Shake, it shawty (WHOA!) [Nelly] All my bad bitches stand up See you by the bar, gon' put your hands up See you got a boyfriend shorty, and what? Ass so big barely pull your pants up Well I got somethin for that, Ros pour that Hands in the air, put your booty where the floor at You should know that, anywhere Mo at Pause for the picture shorty we can take a Kodak Cause you got some'n mean on Like you painted them jeans on And your whole clique bad, and your team's strong I know your ex want you back, tell him dream on [Interlude: T-Pain] Shawty wanna show me how that body gon' work I like all that seductionnnn She got a lil' closer, over and over Shakin that butt thennnn I got sucked innnn I gotta show her what's up thennnn But if she wanna rock with a player She gon' have to follow my instructions, like [Nelly] Ain't no competition or dissin, that's my position You listen and pay attention, you'll be feelin the same 21 and older, you shakin it cause you wanna Nobody to tell you no so don't be feelin no shame Now gon', shake ya ass, make your boyfriend mad (uh-huh) Shake ya ass, make your boyfriend mad (uh-huh) Give you somethin you probably ain't never had I bet your baby daddy can't do that - I got that! Killa killa for reala, got whatever you like He give it to you, wrong, I give it to you right He gon' give it for a second, I'ma give it all night He just do it just to do it, I "just do it" like Mike [Interlude] [Akon] Ain't nothin like watchin you rock for me Go 'head girl and just drop for me While I'll just sit back And just admire that Hopin that you don't plan to stop for me Brought about a hundred thousand stacks with me When I know you like that But I also like it when you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pitbull f/ T-Pain Album: Planet Pit Song: Hey Baby (Drop It to the Floor) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let her go, ooh la la la la If your girl wanna play, let her go Said let her go, ooh la la la la If your girl wanna play, let her go Said let her go, ooh la la la la If your girl wanna play, let her go Said let her go, ooh la la la la If your girl wanna play, let her go [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Pitbull) Hey baby girl what'chu doin tonight? I wanna see what you got in store Hey, hey baby! You givin it you all when you're dancin on me I wanna see if you give me some more Hey, hey baby! You can be my girl, I can be your man And we can pump this jam however you want Hey, hey baby! Pump it from the side, pump it upside down Or we can pump it from the back to the front Hey, hey baby! (Ooh, baby baby - la la la la la la la) Ah-ahh! (Ooh, baby baby - la la la la la la la) Ah-ahh! (Ooh, baby baby - la la la la la la la) Ah-ahh! (Ooh, baby baby - la la la la la la la) Hey, hey baby! Ooh, drop it to the floor Make me wanna say - hey, hey baby Yeah, you can shake some more Make you wanna say - hey, hey baby Ooh you got it; cause you make me wanna say - hey, hey baby Yeah don't stop it (I want you tonight) [Pitbull] I'm a Dade county, self-paid Self-made, millionaire I used to play, around the world Now I'm around the world, gettin paid Girl problems, no problems Don't hate the King no that won't solve 'em I wanna get wit'cha mami Now let me see what the lord split'cha - Lordy! [Pitbull] Make money, make money This chico right here gotta eat baby Cause scared money don't make money That's how it goes in the street baby But enough about the nonsense Baby girl take a shot, clear your conscience Not a goon or a goblin, I'm a monster Cause I hit all the baddest women in the world (GANKSTA) Ooh, baby baby - la la la la la la la {*4X*} [Outro] Hey, hey baby! Ooh, drop it to the floor Make me wanna say - hey, hey baby Yeah, you can shake some more Make you wanna say - hey, hey baby Ooh you got it; cause you make me wanna say - hey, hey baby Yeah don't stop it (I want you tonight) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pitbull f/ Sean Paul, T-Pain Album: Planet Pit Song: Shake Senora Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * [Pitbull] Mr. Worldwide~! [Sean Paul] Come time in my sight The girl make me hold ya hand Brra-dong, ba-dong-ba-dong-bong Ess Peazy, and we and de girl dem dance Come time in my sight The girl make me hold ya hand Brra-dong, ba-dong-ba-dong-bong Pitbull come fi sing the girl dance and [Interlude: T-Pain] Hey shawty what's happenin (happenin) Girl let's get this thang crackin (crackin) You just bend it on over (over) I'll get behind and you make it wine and [Chorus 2X: Pitbull] + {T-Pain} Jump in the line, shake your body on mine (Ba-dong-bong-bong, ba-dong-ba-da-bong-bong) Jump in the line, shake your body on mine (Brra-dong, ba-dong-ba-dong-bong) {Shake, shake, shake, senora, shake it left and right} {Work, work, work, senora, right into my ride} [Pitbull] Miami is the house without a doubt I'm the chico in the club that they yell about I'm from the city where women are real Bodies are great but they body parts fake Killer, Kelly, I run through Miami And that ass was off the chain I hit that thang so hard she called 411 Pain, damnit mayne! Let's go to Jamaica for Sean Paul Then take it to Talle' for T-Pain Mami move that ass like chitty chitty bang bang Chitty chitty bang, bang [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Sean Paul] Ay Buddha! Check on dat gyal dere So dark she a wife on this part Sean the Paul ay mardi gree mardi gras Pitbull dem a do it non-stop T'ree-oh-five today area rock~! Move up your body I take de chain Gal wine up your body I take to dem Dem a who are see are probably upsettin Gal wine up your body I take to dem Call you badder t'ing wit a body like dat She is so fat you be takin chat Shake it senora, baby got back Den alla mi friend dem she a top notch! [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Pitbull 4X] My girl got a big ol' booty (yeah) your girl got a lil' booty (oh no) [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Outro: Pitbull] Give it to me, dame mama I like that, dame mama Give it to me, dame mama (Ba-dong-bong-bong, ba-dong-ba-da-bong-bong) Give it to me, dame mama I like that, dame mama Give it to me, dame mama (Brra-dong, ba-dong-ba-dong-bong) * Sean Paul corrections appreciated The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Plies f/ T-Pain Album: The Real Testament Song: Shawty Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Plies] Ay, what's happenin homey? This {?} Plies, man (shaw-tay) Ay Pain, I want you tell 'em bout your shawty homie (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeaaaaaah) and I'ma tell em bout mine, dawg [Chorus: T-Pain] Now, even though I'm not yo man, you not my girl I'ma call you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... Cause I cain't stand to see you treated bad, I beat his ass for my - shaaaaaaaw-ty... And we ain't did nothin that we ain't sup'POSED to do Cause you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... (oh-oh) Baby girl you know I be home, keep me on the ringtoooone Shaaaaaaw-ty - sang it to me girl! [Plies - Verse One] Soon as I seen her, shieet, told her I'd pay for it Lil' mama the baddest thing 'round here, she already know it I pointed at the donk and told her, "This s'posed to be yours" (ha ha!) Showed her a couple stacks and told her I'd let her blow it The hottest nigga in the city baby you can't ignore it I showed her I was a real nigga n' she went for it First time I caught her shit, she ain't even kno' how to tho'it back Now she a animal, I got her sex game right I taught her how to talk to me while she take pipe and opened her up and showed her what a real nigga like I told her, "I'on't usually do this, I'on't fuck on the first night cause after I beat ya baby, I'm liable to fuck up ya whole life! I gotta train her, now she suck me with ice I call her my lil' bust-it baby, cause she keep it tight Whenever I tell her to bust, ain't gotta tell her twice Whatever I wanna get off, she know how to get me right [T-Pain - interlude] Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Shawwwwww-DEEEE-EEEE, yeah... Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) (Shaaaaaaw-ty, yeah) SHAW-DEE, whoa, w-w-wh-oa, OH! [Plies - Verse Two] I love to show her off, cause all the dope boys want her Know why dey wanna beat badly, look at all dat ass on her! Look how dat pussy sit up in them shorts, you gotta want her Love when she act like she bowlegged and bend the co'ner She proud to be fuckin me, cause I'm stuntin on 'em! It feel good to be fuckin a real nigga, do'nuh? Ain't called her in two days, gotta let her mind wonder But when she miss me, she call to tell me to jump on her That's why I don't mind breakin 'er off, cause she ain't with the drama If you done ripped her before, you know how to cuff lil' mama You know she gotta be somethin, cause I done beat her hunda Babe snatchin, not now, I'm tellin ya, I promise! I exposed her to real and now she hate lame 'member she used to run from me, now she like pain She call me sometimes just to ask is it her thang Ever since I ran up in shawty, she ain't been the same [T-Pain - interlude] Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Shawwwwww-DEEEE-EE-EE, yeah... Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) (Shaaaaaaw-ty, yeah) SHAW-DEE, whoa, w-w-wh-oa, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ T-Pain Album: Trilla Song: The Boss Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Rick Ross - Intro] (T-Pain) Ricky Ross (The Boss..) T-Pain {J-J-J-J-J.R.!} [Chorus: T-Pain] I got a fresh line-up (yea), a fresh outfit Bout to have the parkin lot on smash Plus I got a Chevy wit a fo'-fifty-fo' in the hood That bitch got 125 on the dash (She like it gangsta cause...)  (I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far)  (I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) - hey  (I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far) Cause it's just another day in the life of the goddamn boss [Rick Ross] I don't make love, baby we make magic Come home with a thug, let's get shit crackin Always wear a (plastic), baby cause shit happens She leaked the back seat, just a freak and a Magnum Hopped out the Magnum, hopped in the Tre' Just to let the top back and thank God for the day (hey!)Who gives a fuck w= hat a hater gotta say? I made a couple million dollars last year dealin weight (geah) Still in the streets, strapped with them thangs She in love with the G, so she tatted my name (Ross!) I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far Ten black Maybachs back to back in a lane I'ma make it rain (rain), and I'ma make it back (back) You are just a lame lil' homie, that's a fact Workin wit the police, actin like you know me Fresh out of jail, already in yo' ho cheeks (T-Pain...) [T-Pain] The boss, boss-boss-boss Boss-boss-boss, boss-boss-boss The boss, boss-boss-boss Boss-boss-boss, boss-boob-boss And shawty straight diggin me, and I ain't even rich I know you niggaz on the sideline like, "Ain't that a bitch?" I'm ON my job, ey - and I ain't gettin off Cause it's just another day in the life of the goddamn boss [Rick Ross] I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far (Ross!) Got the biggest cars, Spanish broads, no bra Call that other lame for the walks in the parks I ain't come to play games, I just wanna play my part Tell ya girlfriend come talk with me, dog We straight Gs' then we came here to ball Bottle after bottle and I'm sure you'll count 'em all Then we off to that Chevy - (Fired up!) and takin off Baby, slow it down cause you movin too fast Ass too fine to be movin too fast (hol' up!) Back to the thuggin, now I'm sippin sizzurp All my niggaz love it, baby that's my wizzerd Stack for the jeans, five bones for the shizzerts I don't smoke twenties, eight hundred for the izzerds I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far You can tell by the strongs that's standin by the car [T-Pain - Outro] Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yeaaaaa-yea-YEA Ey-yea-yea-yea-yea-yeaaaaa-yea-YEA Eyyyy (YEAA) - uh-huh (Ha ha!) Yea-ea Haaaah, yea-yea-yea-yea-YEAA... [Rick Ross] I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far... I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far... I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far I'm the - I'm the biggest boss that you seen thus far The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Nelly, T-Pain Album: Trilla Song: Here I Am Typed by: dsn_wlsn@yahoo.com [Rick Ross] Ricky Ross...... Something special right here...... Excuse the marajuana, just trying to enjoy my self we got some gangsta in da house to... (Chorus) T-Pain I gotta bunch of dollars I can spend them on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on the late night, get right, he aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am (Verse 1) Rick Ross Sight seeing, we might be in the cargreport or the new white b.m home from FAMU wit a gorgeous face next semester she transfer to florida state cooking like home ec for finiacle aid I helped her out she had problems wit finiacle aid remember mean time our finace is straight I even up the doors to the finiace estates, Ross she use to fight wit here mom til I sat em all down now she tight wit her moms yeah I put the ice on her arm now she know she getting sliced spendin nights in milon we still blow weed together cheated on her but we still gone be together put da house on the water hit da beach whenever she from da north but she still cant believe the whether (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend em on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on a late night, get right, he aint acting right every superwomen needs a superman, here I am (Verse 2) T-Pain and Nelly Here I am, here I go why you looking for the others when you got the best the previous was a test for ya now ya in the big league a black steinbreader who a wanna pray for me ya last man was a chump and yoyu can tell em I said it he was talkin loud at first but you can see that he didnt you can see an sweat it hell ill call him up my self and tell him how he can get it, (awe) naw please dont confuse me miss im tryin to see how I can put you on my christmas list I hope you aint offened by this but I think ya ass fine as shit and thats straight up real talk, all bulshit aside she replied, iiiiiii like to do the wild thing actions took place, at my place now my place is her place (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend em on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on a late night get right she aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am (Verse 3) Rick Ross More better, More Cheddar knocked ya man off the clothes line sweater hoe getter, go-rilla fuck shofers I went and got mo killas I rock wit niggas like fabolous cause to tell the truth life fabulous but you know you look glamorous cause them strapped heels arent for amatures risk quiet rocky, talk like foxy job like roxy, spark that broccoli walk quiet ocky, that means sexy I will save you, if you let me fly wit me, get high as me alot of alphabets girl ima g time will tell, rolex watches we show stoppers, hoes just watch us (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend them on her now she can be my lady I can be her lover call me on a late night get right she aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Kanye West, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: Deeper Than Rap Song: Maybach Music 2 Typed by: ben.clemmons@gmail.com [Chorus: T-Pain] Realest shit I ever wrote, chilling in my Maybach Whatever I send out, homey I'ma make back (back) Can you believe it, you gotta see it Cause I don't plan on going broke, put that on my Maybach Cause I'm in it to win now, niggas can't take that Listen to my Maybach music, to my Maybach music [Kanye West] Martin Louie the King Jr, starting all that stunting is gon' ruin you If B.I. was alive, he'd prolly have the two-tone With the Grey Poupon, anything 'ye poop on Will explode, cause I am the shit and this is my commode Uh-oh there they go, talkin 'bout how your boy clothes extra tight I just remembered that my limelight extra bright I hit the strip club and girls get extra hype You hit the strip club and girls turn extra dike We know who not getting no sex tonight And a lap dance'll prolly be a blessing right So all the shit you talking, dead, coffin Like the weed, coughin, new crib, loft in Where it's at? Austin, Where is that? Texas What's in front? Benzes, What else? Lexus Well who's Maybach is this? Mr. West'es [Chorus: T-Pain] [Rick Ross] Boss Kush burn like petroleum, crib needs custodians Shades in all shades, these made irrodium Used to be the Oldsmo hoes call it oh lo Now I got so many horses bitches call me Polo 57 62* tell me how you wanna move Yea you know I got them both, beat your ass black and blue I was barely getting pretty women now I scoop Emmy winners like kitty litter Any winter Fendi denim like a slender nigga looking in the mirror I can see the real contender Selling reefer even Gregory I'm on my dinner so what the fuck is ya telling me other than your gender I'm a boss and I'm riding like a small vault niggas make your wheels and ride 'til they fall off Yea, Ross [Chorus: T-Pain] [Lil Wayne] Well alright! All black Maybach I'm sitting in the asshole classy as a mother still gutta like a bad bowl Benjamin Franklin on Ex how the cash room that's right the mills do like damn close I eat your meal too we don't feel you and we be strapping up like the Navy Seal do Sweet as banana split everytime I peel through fresher than Will Smith and Uncle Phil too Watching TV in the Maybach in traffic I'm on my feet like *Tough Actin' Tinactin* I'm running this shit you should try tackling Lil Wayne in one word, immaculate You see the Big, you see the Jay, the Tu-pack in him The Kurt Cobain, the Andre Three Stacks and then I'm back to doing shit like I do's in Maybach music [Chorus: T-Pain] **57 62 are Maymach models The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ T-Pain Album: The Doggumentary Song: Boom Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (Boom! Boom!) Yeah, top Dogg (boom) Uhh... [Snoop] Get'cha money, whip your hair Executive branch, blowin smoke like a player Yeah in the club, yes it cracks Cute little mama but they stacked with backs I'm smokin grape, purple urple You in Doggie World come and join my circle I'll break down herbal 'til I move like a turtle My money is green, and my Porsche is turbo In hot pursuit, come rock with Snoop Baby's a lawyer, her body's the truth (cute) I'm in the game for real, it pays to chill I walk in the club, and they front the bill I'm the Big Dogg, best beware You comin with me, if you stop and stare She'll be on my team, in my car On the way to the spot - yes you are Toastin up, postin up And when we done, we West coastin love Fo'shendo, blowin indo How much for the Dogg in the window? [Interlude] Uhh, wha-what, wha-what? (Boom! Boom!) Say what? Say what? (Boom) Talk to 'em T-Pain [Chorus: T-Pain] Baby I'm a dog (I'm a dog) beware (ah beware) I do whatever, however I want (I want) This one for y'all (this one for y'all) oh yeah (oh yeah!) Now put your hands in the air, and whip your hair and go La, la la la! Boom shaka-laka when I drop her I'ma have her sayin La, la la la! One hitter quitter (quitter) shorty know that I ain't playin [Snoop Dogg] I'm all about the money, the money I got On the V.I.P. tip, Maserati's in the lot Chillin with the stars where the bottles never stop Got a model on my lap, baby show me what'cha got (boom!) With a cup for Landi, Tiffany and Sandy Girls who like girls, wanna do it to daddy Real talk, the suites is next One mo' drink gon' lead to sex These girls is bad, the flo' is packed They shut the do' down when it reached the max What'chu tryin to drink? Clear or 'gnac? She got a apple bottom homey all I do is mack I does it well, your game is whack I gets to the bid'ness no chit-chat Now where do we go? I beats the gush She in love with the gangster, that's whassup [Interlude] That's whassup (boom!) That's whassup (boom!) That's whassup (boom) Speak to 'em T-Pain [Snoop Dogg] Boom shaka-laka, here comes the chief rocker Smoke good with T-Pain, and Snoop the weed doctor Big 808 now feel the bass in your chakra And watch me smoke like a shottah Coke bottle shape, light green eyes Drunk off her love like a Colt 45 I keep kush in my lungs, I'ma smoke 'til I die Just bust a bad one for my homey D. Dimes They do it for fortune, some for fame I got five different strains, you ever taste Purple Rain? Turn up the volume, adjust the gain Ain't a damn thing changed, "Still a G Thang" Lil' mama whip your hair; exhale the chronic as the smoke disappears, I'm ready to ball Your girl on my team and she ready to fall And if you didn't know, I'm the Bigg Snoop Dogg [Interlude] (Boom!) Say what, say what? (Boom!) I don't think they heard you (boom) Talk to 'em T-Pain [Outro] Boom!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Solomon Childs f/ Plies, T-Pain Album: The Art of Making Love & War Song: Shawty (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Plies] Ay, what's happenin homey? This {?} Plies, man (shaw-tay) Ay Pain, I want you tell 'em bout your shawty homie (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeaaaaaah) and I'ma tell em bout mine, dawg [Chorus: T-Pain] Now, even though I'm not yo man, you not my girl I'ma call you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... Cause I cain't stand to see you treated bad, I beat his ass for my - shaaaaaaaw-ty... And we ain't did nothin that we ain't sup'POSED to do Cause you my - shaaaaaaw-ty... (oh-oh) Baby girl you know I be home, keep me on the ringtoooone Shaaaaaaw-ty - sang it to me girl! [Solomon Childs] You make me feel so wild, you make me feel so strong Girl, your sex appeal is real Caress your body, so you can feel how real is real Let's coast together, hot air balloon together Lost deep in each other, love the fact You never get jealous, never flirt with them other fellas We don't got to limit the love Outdoor kisses and hugs, haze by the dubs Hot sex on the persian rug, practicing safe sex So I never forget the gloves He don't deserve you, you worth more than diamonds Build better than Bentleys, baby baby, I ride with you '07 Summer Love, the sound He'd rather argue, I'd rather make you smile When you come around I'm looking to hold you down [Interlude: T-Pain w/ Solomon Childs ad-libs] Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Shawwwwww-DEEEE-EEEE, yeah... Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) (Shaaaaaaw-ty, yeah) SHAW-DEE, whoa, w-w-wh-oa, OH! [Plies] I love to show her off, cause all the dope boys want her Know why dey wanna beat badly, look at all dat ass on her! Look how dat pussy sit up in them shorts, you gotta want her Love when she act like she bowlegged and bend the co'ner She proud to be fuckin me, cause I'm stuntin on 'em! It feel good to be fuckin a real nigga, do'nuh? Ain't called her in two days, gotta let her mind wonder But when she miss me, she call to tell me to jump on her That's why I don't mind breakin 'er off, cause she ain't with the drama If you done ripped her before, you know how to cuff lil' mama You know she gotta be somethin, cause I done beat her hunda Babe snatchin, not now, I'm tellin ya, I promise! I exposed her to real and now she hate lame 'member she used to run from me, now she like pain She call me sometimes just to ask is it her thang Ever since I ran up in shawty, she ain't been the same [Interlude: T-Pain w/ Solomon Childs ad-libs] Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Shawwwwww-DEEEE-EE-EE, yeah... Oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) Oh-oh, oh-oh (WH-OA-wh-oa, wh-oa) Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh (whooooooooa) (Shaaaaaaw-ty, yeah) SHAW-DEE, whoa, w-w-wh-oa, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tay Dizm f/ Rick Ross, T-Pain Album: Beam Me Up (S) Song: Beam Me Up Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {BANGLADESH} [T-Pain - Intro w/ ad-libs] Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... Oh, Tay Dizm, T-Pain (Ricky Ross) Yeah, yeah... B-I zoom, B-I zoom [Chorus: T-Pain]  I said my Chevy sit so high up (high up) from the flo' I feel like I'm an alien in a UFO  I go oooooo-WEEEOOOH-OOOOOOO - beam me up I go oooooo-WEEEOOOH-OOOOOOO - beam me up Because my Chevy sit so high (high) from the flo' I feel like I'm an alien in a UFO  I go oooooo-WEEEOOOH-OOOOOOO - beam me up I go oooooo-WEEEOOOH-OOOOOOO - beam me up [Tay Dizm]  Creep through the hood, dark tinted on the box Comin face-down, 'cause my feet so hot Naw dog, yee ain't messin with my Chevy (Chevy) High octane, so come come cash me (VROOOOM~!) Inches black-on-black Ever real hard, yeah I open in the back And they say ooh-whee when I come 'round Yes, I put it down when I'm in town I said my Chevy sit so high up (high up) from the flo' My rims is taller than your nieces and my Chevy da boss And I got dem do's that pop up like the UFO Okay, Dizm is tha man and y'all already know, let's goooo... [Rick Ross] Triple Cs' baby, Tay Dizm Big boss (big boss) Big blob (big blob) Red paint (red paint) flip-flop (flip-flop) Mo' girls (mo' girls) no top (no top) Mo' girl (mo' girl) mo' blocks (mo' blocks) We grind (we grind) I shine (I shine) See that? (See that!) That's mine (that's me) Old school cost more than the new school (True) But my money weigh more than it used to She wit me, cain't you tell? Gucci bag, name Chanel (Yea) Louis this (this), Fendi that (what?) In my jeans, 20 stacks (Boss!) Twenty-fo's (fo's) all I know Send a go, sellin dope Livin life, get it right She love my car, she rode me twice Boss~! [Outro] Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... oooooo-WEEEOOOH-OOOOOO.. Artist: Tech N9ne f/ T-Pain Album: Something Else Song: B.I.T.C.H. Typed by: AZ Lyrics No, you ain't supposed to put on your devil suit When you come up in the church, young mayne Now they ain't about to think you a rebel You 'bout to make them think you birthed from flames La la la-di-da-da, wanna be on TV just to show out for mi mama But breakin' into colored houses, admit That it's a bitch when you sick like this [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Puttin' all the face paint I can put on Put my black jeans and black hood on That's your TV I just stood on With a faded habit this brother swerves when I sip vodka I'm the latest rabbit, in other words; I'm a hip-hopper You disc jockers never played me, you said my shit stopped ya 2001, I mixed opera now every cliques' got the Sick caca with lots of rippin' about they chips, oughta Listen to this quick chopper flippin' and poppin' With the spirit of Pac and Big Poppa! Ya! This for your motherfuckin' rap quotes My shit is surprisin' and shockin' like Barack votes The traps broke when I rapped with Tunechi and Stacks though OG Mug said I'm gonna be the first rapper to cross over to black folk [Pre-Chorus: Tech N9ne] Ya, I'm breakin' into colored houses Polo boots and hella dark-colored outfits Ya, I'm breakin' into colored houses Fellas better put a chastity belt on your spouses [Chorus: T-Pain] Man, it must suck to be you niggas Cause it don't suck to be this rich If you not fuckin' with me, brethren You can suck upon this dick Man I just get it how we get it where I live Somebody better call 911 (Call 911) I'm breakin' in these niggas cribs! Yeah, we out here workin' One things fo' sho', two things for certain I'm for real! That's how I live Somebody better call 911 (Call 911) I'm breakin' in these niggas cribs! [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Since 2001 my people dodged me like Durango Now at my shows I see more N-words than Django (From Missouri) like Nelly, Chingy, and Chain Hang Low But Kansas City somewhere over the rainbow I'm in yo' house baby, I'm in yo' living room Lookin' down yo' blouse lady, and everybody is in tune To Tech Ninna, sex fiend a threat to his and whom They got a beautiful woman and givin' poon They want it cause I'm bout to be big and BOOM Breakin' into colored houses is hard, mane Cause everybody got guns And they got dogs And they got bars mane But I'm comin' thru that TV All the ghetto is gon' see me Sippin' the KC Tea Now you know Tech N9ne now everybody want a freebie! [Pre-Chorus] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] My people missin me, like Diana Ross No this ain't MMG, but I'm A Boss Although I'm wicked see, I'm fly and I floss So why am I lost Like my jam is off Yes you a day late Better late than never I'm a veteran My cheddar been truly silly like Stevie J face Every last one of these evil haters they see me vacate Tip to the crib, turn on the television and see my face like, "Hey wait." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Fuck Food Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [T-Pain] Yeah, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Yeah, yeaaah (can you see?) Oh-oh-oh (she's mine), oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (she's mine) [Tech N9ne] + (T-Pain) Yum, a stick of 5 gum is the taste on my tongue But for the right one, I'll spit it out and place her right on The night's young, meaning we minus the bright sun and I'm numb like I'm inside 'em like white on a ripe bun Like that one, baby stacked with a fat one Action-packed with a rack and little bit of that 'gnac, she's passed done Got a thirty-six pack of Magnums, I'm Vlad and I'll bag 'em Put a bitch in a sack and bring her back and then I gotta go and leave a lash from the passion (I'm crazy) Sick as hell for the ladies They don't give a damn that I'm manic, even though I'm so shady Baby girl, but don't play me, I ain't tryna have no babies But baby, you braised and so savory Wanna excite ya, ignite the fight, so honey taunt me I just wanna bite you and watch you drip out Romanee-Conti That's eleven Gs, angel from Heaven, she's seven threes, hot egg and cheese for Pain, Tech and Weez' [Chorus: T-Pain] I know what you saying, but you know I ain't playing Tryna get my dick sucked through my jeans, and oh-oh-oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Yeah, spin the booty round, drop it to the ground Let it make a sound, d-do it baby Do it like that, let me see the kitty cat Let me hit it from the back, foot up baby, oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh [Lil Wayne] Uh, now put that pussy on my lip and dip Yeah, let's make a movie, I'ma flip the script Yeah, I wax that ass like a Q-Tip Yeah, float in that pussy like a cruise ship Uh, cause I'm a nasty motherfucker Yeah, I eat that pussy like the last supper Yeah, I beat that pussy like brass knuckles Heh, she call me daddy and she scream uncle Open up and spread, I'm pulling her hair, she pulling my dreads I'm breaking her off, we breaking the bed Fuck her like a dog, she shaking her leg I'm killing it soft, I'm making it red I'm making her talk, I'm making her beg I'm making her crawl, I'm making her run I'm making it numb, I'm making it cum I am Young Weezy F. Baby She wish she could make a copy of my dick and save it (haha) Now close your mouth, don't waste it I got that fuck food baby, come taste it, Tunechi! [Tech N9ne] + (Lil Wayne) When I get my mittens on this kitten she'll be bitten, then she missing Cause she fucked up and let the Tech in, cancelled all of her ex-men If you think you got it nigga, say it with your chest then I'm gon' be your sex friend, ripping off her dress then nibbling on her neck and I'm making her wet with no question Yeah, animal magnetism, the sadomasochism Got way more cash to give 'em, but they don't ask just twist 'em I don't have to give 'em stacks for me to mash within 'em I'm they master, hit 'em with a lash and a nigga fast to stick 'em Ay, and I like 'em all colors, multi-mack can make 'em all love us and make 'em do all of us, and we don't be tripping on it cause we all brothers Y'all slippers if y'all be tripping over broads, fuck it the policy, he keep his cards shuffled The bitch will wanna let her jaws touch us, jaw crushers Anybody outside don't get much news from me cause I get it in but I keep it on the hush (who's the G?) This rush, you agree, this is stuff dude for fee But the girls sure (look like fuck food to me, ay!) [Krizz Kaliko] I don't know what you feel, I don't know what you think I don't know what you see, my nigga (But girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) [Krizz Kaliko] + (T-Pain) Now you see what I see The lady's mine, mine, mine, mine, mine Are you seeing what I see? (Can you see?) The lady's mine (she's mine), mine, mine, mine, mine (she's mine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ T-Pain, Yung Joc Album: The Ladies Choice (Mixtape) Song: Buy U a Drank Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Yung Joc] + (T-Pain) (Shawty snap) T-Pain (Damn, shawty snap) Yung Joc (Shawty snap) Ay, ay, she snappin (Snap ya fingers, do the step) (You can do it all by yourself) [T-Pain] Baby girl, what's your name? Let me talk to ya, let me buy you a drink I'm T-Pain, you know me Konvict Music, Nappy Boy, ooh-wee I know the club, close at three What's the chances of you rollin with me? Back to the crib, show you how I live Let's get drunk and forget what we did [Chorus: T-Pain] I'ma buy you a drank , I'ma take you home with me I got money in the bank - shorty what'chu think 'bout that? Find me in the grey Cadillac We in the bed like ooh, ooh ohh, ooh, ooh {*2X*} [Trey Songz] What's your name? I'm Tremaine I got game for days with these dames Don't complain, stay in yo' lane Pop champage with my nigga T-pain V.I.P., G.I.B. What'cha know about Louie the 13? You ain't no stripper and I ain't in love Let me give you a tip while we up in this club [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Yung Joc] Wont you meet me at the bar, respect big pimpin Tell me how you feel, momma tell me what you sippin A certified dime piece, deserve Louie 1-3 150 a shot, three for you and three for me I'm checkin your body language, I love the conversation And when you lick your lips I get a tinglin sensation Now we're both 'bout tipsy, you say you in the mood All I need is 'bout a hour, better yet maybe two Let me take you where I live, Ferrari switch gears When I whisper in your ear, your legs hit the chandelier Passion fruit and sex all in the atmosphere I'ma let T-Pain sang it, so he can make it clear [repeat 2X] Let's get gone, walk it out (Now walk it out, think about it, awwww snap~!) Now rock, rock, rock, rock You can do it all by yo'self The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ R. Kelly, T-Pain Album: The Ladies Choice (Mixtape) Song: I'm a Flirt Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [R. Kelly] I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a flirt [Chorus: R. Kelly] Soon as I see her walk up in the club, I'm a flirt Winking eyes at me when I roll up on them dubs, I'm a flirt Sometimes when I'm with my chick on the low, I'm a flirt And when she's with her man looking at me damn right, I'm a flirt So homey don't bring your girl to meet me cause, I'm a flirt And baby don't bring your girlfriend to eat cause, I'm a flirt Please believe it unless your game is tight and you trust her Then, don't bring her around me because I'm a flirt [R. Kelly] Now swear to tell the truth and the whole truth When it comes to hoes I be pimpin like I supposed to Rollin like I supposed to, shinin like I supposed to In the club fuckin with honies like I supposed to I don't understand when a nigga bring his girlfriend to the club Freakin all on the floor with his girlfriend in the club And wonder why all these players trying to holla at her Just soon as she go to the bathroom, nigga I'm gon' holla at her A dog on the prowl when I'm walkin through the mall If I could man I probably would fuck with all of y'all Yeah yeah, homey you say she your girlfriend But when I step up to her I'ma be like cousin Believe me man this is how them players do it in the Chi And plus we got them playerette flirters in the Chi Now the moral of this story is cuff your bitch Cause hey, I'm black, handsome, I sing, plus I'm rich And I'm a flirt [Trey Songz] Hey we use to play this in the V2 baby that's right This is The Prince - Songz~! I'm a cat like me versus a cat like you I look back like ooh, who you think she gon' choose It'd be safe to say you lose, cause I'm the type of dude On the two with the jewel, takin your lady's crew But I want her and I gotta have her See me flippin that ass back there We'll be bangin, exchangin bad words Spankin, she holla "That hurts!" So this is what it is if you love yo' chick Take her home, call it quits Cause I been drinkin lots of 'gnac Five shots, maybe six And she can see the drunk in me (that's right) And I'm get her drunk for free When I take her it's gon' hurt [T-Pain] When I, when I, when I When I pull up to club all the shorties be like, DAMN 28's! Then I be like girl you know just who I AM, don't hate See I done fell in love with a stripper y'all All I do is flirt with her and I get them drawers And I don't need no help, I got it down pact (down pact) Teddy Pain was born to flirt now you can't down down that Now I'ma flirt with her whether I'm in or out of town That's why they call me Teddy Bend-Er-Ass Down I be like "Como se llamo, lil' momma me llamo Pain" What is your name? I'm feelin your vibe and I'm hopin you feel the same I'ma wink my eye and let you know I got the game When I pass by I know exactly what you say He's so fly, yes he's so cool, heh Now jey shorty, hey shorty what it do He mad cause I'm looking but I already fucked her I got these niggaz mad cause I'm a flirt [R. Kelly] Oh, it's the remix Now if you walk in up in the club with a bad chick And if she lookin at me then I'm gon' hit Man jackin for chicks, I tried to quit it But I'm a playa homet so I had to hit it While you buyin her drinks in the club Actin like you in love Stuntin like you all thug We was switchin numbers She lookin at you and I walk by You turn your head, she wink her eye I can't help it if she checkin for a platinum type of guy She be callin me daddy and I be calling her mommy She be callin you Kelly, when yo' name is Tommy I don't know what y'all be thinkin when you bring 'em around me Let me remind you that I am a king of R&B Do you know what that means? That means if you love your chick Don't bring her to the V.I.P. Cause I might leave wit'cho chick Just keeping it real my nigga, it's a player's field my nigga Don't take no bitch to the club when you just met her my nigga Cause I'ma flirt with her, right And he gon' flirt with her, right And if she lickin that good shit She gon' flirt with her I'm a flirt [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ T-Pain Album: Adrenaline Rush 2007 Song: Creep Fast Typed by: poetichustlah621@yahoo.com (police! we have a search warrant) [Twista] c'mon c'mon eh T-Pain, its Twista come this way, we gotta creep fast watch as I hit it through the middle of the city in the chevy and I'm ready with the woofas that'll flip your block and I got the tick and a machete for the niggas actin' petty get to talkin an I'm a heat up your block if you wanna bring your boys better bring the toys better bring the noise I'm a pump both up with ammunition bodies I be hittin when I get to spittin everybody shoulda broke and ain't nobody listen so now I... roll and 24s when I'm on your tip they don't know who I am ain't no body talkin shit tell me when did they ever think that I was a hoe cause I got killas with me crips, bloods, g's and folks and we be focused on the paper when we be up in the kitchen when we thinkin about the money on the steady come up and I got the niggas that be ready for whatever with a whole war chest if a nigga run up ak 47, desert eagle, sk, mac 11 for the niggas that'll try to run up nigga what ya want I'm a bone thug get you while your sleeping cause you know I'm creepin on ah come up [hook: T-Pain] mother-fuckas actin like they don't know me but they know just who I am, I'm a mother-fuckin killa gorilla nigga you better act like you understand cause I'm a killer a mass murda the realest nigga that you ever heard of mother fuckas actin like don't the deal but they know just wat to do every body talkin in the streets so you know that I'm comin straight for you I'm a killa a mass murda the realest nigga you ever heard of [Twista] quit the playin nigga and get over on the Twista I'm a see you when I see you and I wouldnt want to be you got the desert eagle when I'm rollin in the regal and I'm lookin at you evil through the eye of a needle not a misdemeanor but a murder with a millimeter feel the heat of Twista when I'm bustin at your whip I get a burglar when I be comin for your shit I'm a get you for your goods when I run up in your crib tell me where your jewelry at where your safe don't make me have to smack this ugly bitch in her face is it behind the portrait or is it in your floor just let me know so that I can hit it up cause I gots to go cause I gotta throw it so I had to lick on them niggas cause it used to be that if I had to hit em imma get em never ride a burgundy lamborghini murcielago through the city because I know that'll kill em averagin a 100 yards a game my competition better back up I'm the e running back niggas that ain't ready get the machete for the lyrical jason of rap imma keep comin back [hook: T-Pain] mother-fuckas actin like they don't know me but they know just who I am, I'm a mother-fuckin killa gorilla nigga you better act like you understand cause I'm a killer a mass murda the realest nigga that you ever heard of mother fuckas actin like don't the deal but they know just wat to do every body talkin in the streets so you know that I'm comin straight for you I'm a killa a mass murda the realest nigga you ever heard of [Twista] the lyrical assassin the pocket I got in I be attackin the track and I got a package of the good see a legendary representa for the city cause I put it down ever since I been rappin in the hood 17 years of goin and flowin and showin these niggas when it come to beaten me nobody could I was spittin venom ever sense the days ugk been rappin and talkin about puttin diamonds on the wood pullin up in a old cadillac before I got some thangs and I got that gwap and the numba one spot now I ride a range and because I spit that crack is the reason we got some change and if we ain't makin money off rap then we got them thangs got the 8 dollar hollas two for 15's a 4 and a split a nine piece so you can hit the whole brick how I win it by makin a 100 every summer pullin up in the hummer can make a nigga so sick how we constantly come up with hits and steady be gettin fans is only because a nigga flows sick showin no debate everybody know I'm great any muthafuckas that hate can suck my dick [hook: T-Pain] mother-fuckas actin like they don't know me but they know just who I am, I'm a mother-fuckin killa gorilla nigga you better act like you understand cause I'm a killer a mass murda the realest nigga that you ever heard of mother fuckas actin like don't the deal but they know just wat to do every body talkin in the streets so you know I'm comin straight for you I'm a killa a mass murda the realest nigga you ever heard of The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ T-Pain Album: Careless World: Rise of the Last King Song: Celebration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] YEAHHH! [Intro/Chorus: T-Pain] I ain't gotta do nuttin, I ain't gotta say shit Everybody put your cups up and roll the blunts up It's a fuckin celebration, yeah, bitches Yeah everything is alright, I propose a toast to the greatest Come and get up on this fly shit baby It's a fuckin celebration, bitches [Tyga] UHH, ba-ballin in this bitch cause I'm better Models at my table and they down for whatever It's a cold world so it's heat in my leather We-we gonna make it rain, we ain't trippin off the weather Birthday suits removed, your negli-gee Baby baby let me put you on game I got that crazy crazy, I drive you insane E'ry plane, tint change, man these niggaz know my name T-Raw, young star, gringo Shinin hard e'ry second don't blink hoe If you ain't sippin then you trippin better drink mo' Too many picks on the field tryin to get chose What-what'cha homegirl don't know won't hurt her so girl let go They say they ain't trickin if you got it But we ain't trickin and yeah we got it So I ain't gotta [Tyga] Fly-fly niggaz do fly things Overseas, I can put you on my dream team Ha-keem, Tyga-lajuwon Two rings, yeah we on one, we ain't never done It's mo' fun when you livin how we livin Big living room, beautiful women Baby take your shoes off, she just tryin to kick it Goin downtown now, she gon' let me kiss it So good, yup yup, Young Money and we all good All my homies in this thang, wish a nigga would If a nigga could, I don't think he should Gettin money, rockin clubs like T Woods Bright lights like we livin in the sky E'rybody put your hands up high Yeah - it ain't trickin if you got it But we ain't trickin and yeah we got it So baby look [Chorus] - 2X [Tyga - talking over Chorus] Ha ha, yeah~! I ain't gotta say shit though It's a celebration bitches, ha ha ha Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Unk f/ E-40, Jim Jones, T-Pain Album: 2 Step (Remix) single/iTunes Song: 2 Step (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {4..3...2...2..} A-2 Steeeeep, a-2 Steeeep (REMIIIIIIIIIIX!!!) Now gon' n 2 Step, (2 Step) now gon' n 2 Step (2 Step) Now gon' n 2 Step, (2 Step) now gon' n 2 Step (2 Step) Now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) now get, jiggy wit it (jiggy wit it) Now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) (REMIIIIIIIIIIIX!!) Now gon' n 2 Step! (2 Step!) Aye, watch me 2 Step! (2 Step) Now can you 2 Step! (2 Step!) Like I 2 Step! (2 Step!) Watch me get, jiggy wit it, watch me get, jiggy wit it Watch me get, jiggy wit it, watch me get, jiggy wit it Gon n' 2 Step [T-Pain - over chorus] You can actually hear me 2 Steppin while I'm recordin this you know dat right? (This is the remiiiiix!!) [T-Pain] Ay, you know my bank roll (roll!), got a lot of zero's (zero's!) Teddy Pain (Teddy Pain), the Tallahassee hero (hero!) I done got a crib (ayy!!), now I'm in The A (ayy!!) 2 Steppin lemme show you how I do this thang (thang!) Take yo left foot, put it out in the front and do it - mmmmmerrrrrrrrrahh...like this (AYY!!) Now if you look around the club, you would notice cain't nobody do it qui....iiiiiiite - like this (AYY!!) Ay! Shades on, dem Oakley's to be exact Now when I sang my song, I'ma bring dem hoes in the back and you know, I'm the hottest nigga 'round! So when I get 'em up to my room, I got 'em poundin me down, let's get it.. [Chorus: T-Pain's version] {4.. (4!) 3... (3!) 2... (2!) 2..} Hey, hey, hey 2 Steeeeep, (OH!) 2 Steeeep (let's go!) Now gon' n 2 Step, (Oh!!) now gon' n 2 Step (Oh!!) Now watch me 2 Step, (OH!!) now watch me 2 Step (OH!!) Now get, jiggy wit it, (REMIX!) now get, jiggy wit it (REMIX!) Now get, jiggy wit it, (REMIX!!) now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) (Now gon n 2 Step) (Ay, AY!) [DJ Unk] {4..} Steppin to the right, wipe me down manye {3...} Steppin to the left, with yer stunna frames {2...} By this time the WORLD know what to do It's goin down 2 Steppin REMIX! Unk, what it do? I'm back one mo' geeeen, wit another one ('nother one) 2 Steppin, gettin jiggy baby have some fun (have some fun) They said it couldn't be dooooone, I guess I got it crackin (got it crackin) 2 Steppin, ay bay-BAY (AYYY!!) (That's what's hap'nin) Now gawn n get it shawty, the charts I climb back on (climb back on) One-hit wonder, bet dey wonder how I do it all (do it all) They got dey steps wrooooong, dey try to bite mine (bite mine) Let's see what's hap'nin when I count down, one more time - GO [T-Pain's Chorus] [Jim Jones - over chorus] Money's on the fadeaway NYC, you know how we do it [Jim Jones] Now catch us 2 Steppin, I got my goons reppin (DipSet!) We turn the VIP into the "do it, do it" section (do it) You know the jewel selection (blingin), I'm blue VVS'in (flawless) We ain't gon' talk about the whips, you know the Coupe selection ('Raris!) And I got everything that you want (yep), I'm registered to two ?park? (check) I get bread like croutons (dough), I make dough like cru'issants (bread) I'm Grey Poupon (yep), Bentley fuckin' baby (baby) "What the fuck is you on?" (what?!) It's how I'm livin' lady (lady) Like Queens call the car dealer then the {?} dealer Now we out at Vegas, poker face with the card dealer (westsiiide) The hard nigga (yep), gone off ta hard liquor (Jones) You better watch your ass when them foreign cars wheeler (I'm back!) [T-Pain's Chorus] [E-40 - over chorus] Official remix! Official remix! Official remix! eeRRRRRAH! [E-40] I'm in my Cutlass on two shoes (two shoes) Breakin all the rules (the rules) Two hitters manye two fools! (two fools!) Two hammers manye two 2's! (two 2's!) Shinin like a chandelier (lier) Diamonds up in my ear (ear) Sick Wid It trophy on my neck, I dang near wear it anywhurr Too much candy on my ride (ride) Too many rumors I done died (died) Too many haters on this surface All my life it ain't been certs (it ain't been certs) Started off real small (real small) But now my mail is tall (tall) Had to walk before I crawled I had my back against the wall (back against the wall) Two faces not us, two faces at once, grittin it gettin it in Hustlers R Us, never no punk, I'll 2 Step on yo' chin I see some brahs (I see some brahs) 2 Steppin by they lonesome (by they lonesome) These square suckers they actin like dey don't wanna (don't wanna) *E-40 sings* Dey don't know, dey don't know, dey don't know! (they don't know) You gotta find 'em doe, send 'em doe, break 'em doooooe-oooh (break 'em though) You gotta get the dough, get the dough, get the dough I mean get it manye rain, shine, sleet, or snooooow-oooh *overlaps first part of chorus* See I managed wit it (managed wit it), I get jiggy wit it (jiggy wit it) eh-ha ha! ERRRUGH! (Whoooooooo) [T-Pain's Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Vybz Kartel f/ Busta Rhymes, T-Pain Album: You Already Know (S) Song: You Already Know Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Vybz Kartel] Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! Ahhh!!!! Yo! [Verse One: Vybz Kartel] Good pussy gyal, yuh drive mi insane Buckle up mi a crash inna yuh lane Tek it off, imagine a plane Back it up, pon di runaway train MI GOT DI MARIJUANA INNA MI BRAIN LEVEL BLOOD INNA MI VEIN HAVE A LIKKLE CHAMPAGNE BLEACH OUT WHITER THAN COCAINE AND MI FULL UP A TATTOO SIMILIAR TO LIL' WAYNE Pretty gyal come fi di sugarcane, cocky smart whenever yuh gimmi brain Money rain, money hurricane A Worl' Boss and a Gaza mi name MI GO A HELL BUT MI CARESS DI FLAME I RA POM POM POM MI NAH FI EXPLAIN BIG UP SHAWTY MI BABY MI MAIN FRAME BUT MI FULL A GYAL FROM PORTMORE TO WHITE PLAINS [Chorus: T-Pain] Hey! 'Gon put it on me (Put it on me) 'Gon show me how you work Shawty shawty you can make that booty twerk, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! 'Gon move that thang left to right, you fuckin with the best tonight Better hold on tight, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! Already know [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] It's Busta Bus I'm comin like the apocalypse I'm puttin this dick in the back of your bitch's esophagus I'm fuckin bitches with asses bigger than a rhinoceros Think you nicer to beat it sh-sh-shit is preposterous (TURN IT UP!!!) OK SEE YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT THE CALL IS (FLATLINE EVERYTING!!!) YOU ALREADY KNOW WHO THE BOSS IS (GASLINE EVERYTING!!!) YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT THE SCORCH IS THE WAY I'M BRINGIN DOWN YOUR BITCH WHEN I COME AND SLIDE IN MY OFFICE (Get low Bus!) Don't touch any of my bitches you bastard You know they had to get the God to come and visit the classic Little mami suck me off until she needed some chapstick 'Cause dude is angry fuck it he already gettin his ass kicked! (TURN IT UP!!!) TO TELL THE TRUTH I THINK YOU BETTER RESPECT IT WHEN I'M LEAVIN ALL THE BITCHES FOLLOW ME OUT THE EXIT WHEN IT'S WORL' BOSS (BUSTA BUS) T-PAIN (DRAMA!!!) WE CONTINUE THE SAGA CONGLOMERATE (GAZA!!!) [Chorus: T-Pain] Hey! 'Gon put it on me (Put it on me) 'Gon show me how you work Shawty shawty you can make that booty twerk, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! 'Gon move that thang left to right, you fuckin with the best tonight Better hold on tight, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! Already know [Verse Three: T-Pain] Ha Ha!!! Your jigglin bitch! 'Gon shake it for the king of the industry bitch! I be lyin if I said it in the back of my mind I wasn't tryin to get my hands on them titties and shit I BE ROCKIN THE ROCKIN THE, UH, IT AIN'T NO STOPPIN US STOPPIN IT GO AND HOP IN THE DROP TOP MASERA-TA-TA-TA!!!! (UH HAH!) I'M TO PO-POPULAR, FAMOUS TO EROTICA I'M NOT LEAVIN WITH A BITCH I LEAD A WHOLE FLOCK OF THEM I'm, top notch and you know I top tops (Tops!) My urban shit smashed in my pop rocks You must think you some kind of hot shot goin on hot dates To get a hot dinner and then give her a hot top WHY NOT?!!! IT'S PIMPIN IN MY BLOOD GIVE ME BLOOD GIVE ME FIFTY DUBS AND KNOW THAT I GET THE JOB DONE  'CAUSE I'M A TEDDY PEND HER ASS DOWN BETTER ACT LIKE YOU KNOW ME! HEY!!! [Chorus: T-Pain] Hey! 'Gon put it on me (Put it on me) 'Gon show me how you work Shawty shawty you can make that booty twerk, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! 'Gon move that thang left to right, you fuckin with the best tonight Better hold on tight, already know Already know UH HAH! Already know already know UH HAH! Already know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale, Rick Ross & Meek Mill f/ T-Pain Album: Self Made 2 Song: Bag of Money Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} {Intro: Rick Ross] (T-Pain) Money over everythang (Yeaaah-ee) Self made, but right now shawty (Ey-ey-ey-ey-ei-ee) You lookin like money (yea!) I'm talkin 'bout real money, huh! (Yeah-EAH!) [Chorus: Rick Ross] (T-Pain) My bitch bad, lookin like a bag of money   (Ohh-oh-ooh-woooo-ooh-ooooooooh) That bitch bad, lookin like a bag of money  (Yea-ea-ea-ey-ei-ee) I go and get it and I let her count it for me  (Hey-ey-eh-ey-ei-ee) I fuck her good and she always ride it for me (Ooooh, she bad) My bitch bad, lookin like a bag of money   (She bad bad bad, she bad bad bad) That bitch bad, lookin like a bag of money  (She bad bad bad, she bad ohh-oh-ooh-wooo-ooh) I go and get it and I let her count it for me  (Ohh-oh-ooh-woooo-ooh) I fuck her good and she always ride it for me (Oooh, she ride it for me) [Interlude: Rick Ross] (T-Pain) She got me caught up in the moment   (She got me caught up in the mo-MENT!) She got me cuaght up in the moment   (She got me caught up in the moment) I only kiss her when she on it      (Ooh, when she on it) Fuck her good, make her call me in the morning (Oooh, ooh, whoo) [Wale] Temporary forever (word), levitate witta nigga (word) I could tease you 'til you hate me, bet you hate them naval kisses (nah) We can do like eight positions (uh), hit it til yo' make-up missin (uh-huh) Baby girl my stroke official, and you know I paint that picture Hoes on my line (Word up!), most of 'em 9s (Word up!) Couple of 'em dimes, but all my hoes is hard to find And I ain't always on the prowl, it's just my soda mixed with brown Got me quite open for a while, so let me in or let me out And I like my marijuana bright, and I like my window tinted out Shout out them strippers who hustle - get yours, you know what this about I just might throw a big amount, don't know if I'm 'posed to take you out I just know I'm 'posed to praise you up, don't mean I ain't 'posed to take you down Word up! [Meek Mill] My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money E'ry time she fuck me she say "Can I have some money?" And I say, "Can I get a threesome?, she say "Boy, you funny" But I be like, "F'real, just pick up that phone, call up one of your girls" When I'm on that pill and I pop dat purr -- girl, I put in that work Long as she come to me first, it's fourteen racks what I put on that purse Shit that Birkin bag, make the old dude mad, when I murk through pass in a dark blue Jag Say she like my style, but I talk too fast, and I got that drive, and she just might crash Hold up~! She say she fuckin with me the long way (long way) She gon' ride this dick, I had a long day (long day) Nigga look at my bitch, you lookin the wrong way Somethin mean, look exactly just like the song say [Chorus + Interlude] {M-M-Maybach Music} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ T-Pain Album: Graduation Song: Good Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kanye West] Like we always do at this time I go for mine, I gots to shine Now throw yo' hands up in the skyyyy I, gotta go for mine, I gots to shine Now throw yo' hands up in the skyyyy [T-Pain] I'ma get on the TV momma, I'ma I'ma put shit dowwwwwn (Ayy) ayyy (ayy) ayyy (Ayy) ayyy (ayy) I'm good [Kanye West] Welcome to the good life, where niggaz'll sell D Won't even get pulled over in they new V The good life, let's go on a living spree Shit, they say the best things in life are free The good life, it feel like Atlanta It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi Ahhhhh~! (Now throw yo' hands up in the skyyyy) So I roll through good Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood - Ferrari And she got the goods And she got that ass, I got to look - sorry! Yo it's gots to be cause I'm seasoned Haters give me them salty looks - Lawry's 50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up The good life [Chorus: Kanye West] + (T-Pain) Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine (Now throw yo' hands up in the skyyyy) Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine (Now throw yo' hands up in the skyyyy) Ayyy (I'ma get on this TV momma, I'ma) (I'ma put shit dowwwwwn)  Ayy (ayyy) ayy (ayyy) Ayy (ayyy) ayy (I'm good) [Kanye West] + (T-Pain) Welcome to the good life! Where we like the girls who ain't on TV Cause they got mo' {ASS THAN THE MODELS} The good life, so keep it comin with the bottles Cause she feel booze/boos like she bombed at Apollo The good life, it feel like Houston It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C. It feel like V.A. or the Bay or Yay Ayyyyy~! This is the good life (Welcome to the good life) Homey tell me what's good Why I only got a problem when you in the hood (Welcome to the good liiife) Like I'm new in the hood The only thing I wish {I WISH A NIGGA WOULD} (Welcome to the good LIIIIFE!) He probably think he could But, but, I don't think he should (Welcome to the good life) 50 told me, go 'head, switch the style up And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up The good life [Kanye West] Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin some brain Whipped it out, she said "I never seen +Snakes on a Plane+" Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this Havin money's not everything not havin it is I was splurgin on Tryst, but when I get my card back activated, I'm back to Vegas Cause (the good life) I always had a passion for flashin Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined The good life [T-Pain] Better than the life I lived When I thought that I was gonna go crazy And now my grandmomma Ain't the only girl callin me baby If you feelin me now Then put yo' hands up in the sky, and let me hear you say Heyy, heyy, ooooh I'M GOOD! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Daz Dillinger, The Game, T-Pain Album: Full Circle Song: On Bail Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Daz Dillinger] + (T-Pain) Yeah, help for the helpless! Big money, big cars.. big weed! ({*T-Pain adlibs*}) Y'all know what time it is! But you better stack that money! (Awww shit! Ha ha ha ha...) For baaaiiilll.... [Chorus 2X: T-Pain] I'm on bail, got that weight for sale Strawberries and blueberries all on a nigga's tail I'm on bail, bet not 'nare nigga tell... bet not 'nare nigga tell Yeah! [Daz Dillinger] I'm on a two million dollar bail Caught with the product that them young niggaz sell I'm fresh outta cells, twelve hours later.. my clientele hit my pager The situation gettin thick, Dat Nigga Daz is major! I live the life of a gangster, I rob gangsters Ten years up on the table, I deny that flavor She a fighter to the fullest, if I lose I catch a bullet (bullet) Can't tell a nigga nuttin when he starvin and losin Now I'm back up on the street, completely correctly You disrespect me, it's the same that's it's gon' be Automatics get tragic when you let niggaz have it Then I'm caught back up like before, I gotta stack my cabbage Monday morning, 8:30 right back in court Couple of homeboys, my momma give me full support Raised up filthy but the Lord be with me Like an addict, it's the verdict and the jury, "NOT GUILTY!!!" [Xzibit] They used to have me on that paperwork 'cause I used make my paper.. work, lifestyle covered with dirt See I was first on my block with .40 caliber glocks Similarities to my uncut, they ready to rock (ready to rock) 'Cause everybody wanna ball, nobody wanna get caught Only the pros and the cons get to stack these knots Motherfuckers want that Benz with the millions by the karats When they fencing all day, they start talkin like a parrot Information they sharing so be cautious where ya walk Never pillow talk behind closed doors in the dark It might creep back and bite you, indict you, convict you to a five by nine for a very long time Fuck droppin dimes, niggaz is droppin whole hundreds So the hood's gettin skinny and the one-times love it If I don't go get it, then the next nigga will So I kill at will with my gauge in them killin fields Yeah! [The Game] Yo X, tell my momma to put the house up, wait, the house cost too much Tell her to get a hundred grand out the Porsche truck It's just like a house 'cause I take a bath in it Get ass in it and I gotta stash in it Smoke hash in it, blueberry chocolate tah Smokin chronic make me see shit, like 2Pac alive Bandana knotted in the front like 2Pac alive Walkin out the courthouse spittin on the camera guy I bang +Thug Life+, but this ain't Death Row This some gangster shit for my niggaz down on death row Exhibit A - watch how I let the tec go And Exhibit B - burn the rubber on the West coast [Chorus] - 2X [X] {*laughing*} Y'all know y'all miss that shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ T-Pain Album: The West Coast Don Song: 44 Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com (Rio) Intro [T-Pain] God damn! Make it rain on these ho's Chorous [T-Pain] Shorty ass, drop it like a 6-4 (6-4) You want some more money you can get more (get more) Baby won't you tell why the hit for (hit for) I'm a treat that ass like a po po (po po) Here we go Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray Shorty tell me why the hit for (hit for) Verse One [Yukmouth] Yeah shorty drop that ass like a 6-4 And if she want some more money she could get more The Louis bag full of cash, what they hittin' for I'm about to throw it in the sky watch it hit the floor Now get low, get low, get your dough girl You must got the green light 'cause you go girl I make it rain and watch you swing around the pole girl Then I'm a treat that ass like the po po girl (that's classy) Unload girl (go) Girl, shake what your momma gave ya The boss player make 'em drop it like a hot potato Yeah, I make 'em drop it like a hot potato I'm poppin' rubberbands man 'cause I got the paper Poppin' bottles like I shot the game, win the layup Sexual eruption, Ma the ho's want to lay ya (the power) Calico bussin', let the po po spray ya 'Cause little mamma got the bomb like Al Qaida Chorous [T-Pain] Shorty ass, drop it like a 6-4 (6-4) You want some more money you can get more (get more) Baby won't you tell why the hit for (hit for) I'm a treat that ass like a po po (po po) Here we go Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray Shorty tell me why the hit for (hit for) Verse Two [Yukmouth] (Yeah, yeah) Shorty put it on me, she got that whipper pill I gave her 50 bills, now that's the TIP drill Like DJ Drama, 5000 one's Soon as the money gone another 5000 comes And I don't count the one's, I just throw the stacks Like a quarterback, then mommy throw it back Bust it wide open, mommy throw it back I'm about to cock the .44 and unload the gat Woah, woah, slow down baby We in the VIP it could go down baby And what it's sittin' for, I throw the dough down baby Then I'm treat that ass like a full pound baby Lock... load... bust... spray (bddah) Me up in your mouth is like eatin' a payday (hah) We'll keep it on the low like free at AJ (shhh) We could make a sex tape like Kim and Ray-J (ay, ay) Chorous [T-Pain] Shorty ass, drop it like a 6-4 (6-4) You want some more money you can get more (get more) Baby won't you tell why the hit for (hit for) I'm a treat that ass like a po po (po po) Here we go Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray (ah hah) Lock... load... bust... spray Shorty tell me why the hit for (hit for) 