The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: Still Ain't Forgave Myself Typed by: ImJustAColdPimp@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Singing) (T.I. Talking: Still ain't forgave myself.. damn It's a lotta fucked up shit that go down man..  You don't even know the half..) [Verse 1] Man I been in and outta trouble since an adolescents Spoiled rotten, dead fresh, wit no daddy present I got two uncles, Quint and Man and they keep me straight 7 and 8, I'm countin money while they movin weight My daddy send me clothes and always tell me come and see him I say aiight but still I feelin like my momma need him They sendin letters home from school, nobody read mines And plus my uncles, doin 10 years F.E.D. time Then I started rebellin, began crack sellin Tha littlest thang on the corner wit a Mac 11 After school I hear my momma holla homework I say aiight ma, but look I got my own work Started interactin wit fiends at the age of 13 Now my momma findin rocks in my socks, glocks in my toy box Like damn, why do trouble come to me like this But on the real, it ain't even have to be like this (fuck) [Hook] Mistakes made on this road to wealth  I still ain't forgave myself Ay, what I am today  I made myself but I still ain't forgave myself For runnin to the grave getting closer to death  I still ain't forgave my self For anyone who ever wondered how I felt I still ain't forgave myself [Verse 2] At 14 man, thought I knew everything I'm slangin slabs, trappin hard, movin heavy Cain I bought an '85 cutlass on some dane-a-danes Now I'm the shit, huh, the motor blew in 30 days Hardheaded man I ain't listen to anything I'm getting money so, I'm right and I got plenty game Besides why I need school, Im'ma be rappin momma If that don't work, then I guess Im'ma be trappin momma But hey I promise Im'ma make it cause I'm damn good Im'ma get us out this hood and off these can goods School just a white man game, and it's ran good At 16, here's my introduction to manhood Blue lights behind me, damn what I'm gonna do Cause I got 2 pounds of weed and a 3.80 too I guess everything'll be aiight if I just keep it cool How ya doin officer, what ya mean why I ain't in school Can you search the car?? Yea but, I rather that you didn't Besides it's just a waste of yo time cause ain't nutthin in it (Laugh) I guess that's when I seen, that I ain't know shit When stuck in a place wit freedom I ain't gone get.. (Damn!) [Hook] Mistakes made on this road to wealth  I still ain't forgave myself Ay, what I am today, I made myself  But I still ain't forgave myself Guess these the chances ya take, when dealt the cards I was dealt But I still ain't forgave myself For anyone who ever wondered how I felt I still ain't forgave myself [Verse 3] Outta all the niggaz I was wit when I was doin wrong 3 in the fed, 1 doin life, and 2 dead and gone Knew there was more to life than sellin blow and chopper bustin But what's the good in knowin' better if I ain't tell 'em nutthin I knew I coulda told Cap not to kill shawty Put down the gun, get in the car let 'em live shawty You'll probably get locked up, and I'll probably have a deal shawty Naw, I ain't scared, I'm just telling ya like it is shawty Coulda told Endae, Quint, and Kern, man ya covers blow Leave that country town alone, yall needa come back home Bankhead and J-Rue, I just feel like if I was wit 'em  They woulda never got killed that night if I was 'em Seem like I coulda done mo', said mo' Why all my partners gotta be dead or in the fed fo'?? All the time, I just wish that yall could ball wit me Sometimes at night I close my eyes, and dream that yall wit me (damn.) [Hook] And even though they say I cant blame myself I still ain't forgave myself For all the mistakes made on this road to wealth  I still ain't forgave myself What I am today, I made myself  But I still ain't forgave myself For anybody who ever wondered how I felt  I still ain't forgave myself And yea they say I cant blame myself But I still ain't forgave myself Fo the mistakes made on this road to wealth  I still ain't forgave myself Guess this the chance that you take, when dealt the cards I was dealt But I still ain't forgave myself For anybody who ever wondered how I felt I still ain't forgave myself (Ain't Forgave myself) [Talking] Yea, for anybody who ever wondered how I felt anybody who ever wondered what's wrong wit me, here it is.. 3 16's of what's in the heart of T.I.P. This song is dedicated to everybody who ain't here wit me Cap, damn.. you fucked up shawty, but when you get out if I live to see it, its gone be on again ya know what I'm sayin And we ain't gotta worry bout goin to jail shawty we legit now Ya know what I'm sayin.. Cern, Quint, Endae, yall gone get out man and when you do I'll be there shawty.. always Bankhead, J-rue, I'm sorry man, some shit I cant change When I get up there, we gone ball again, open the gates shawty let me in.. we gone ball. J-Rue man I know money ain't worth a friend shawty.. I fucked up bad man.. I still ain't forgave myself My momma, sorry I ain't graduate but hell we rich now it don't matter. My uncles shit, it don't matter either.. yall back. Well hell.. My Lil' boy (music stops) you betta not do the same shit I did or Im'ma whoop yo muthafuckin ass.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: Dope Boyz Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [T.I. talking] Ay, ay, ay, what you need shawty Ay shawty man a I got 5 for 45 shawty, 5 for 45 Well shit what you need shawty Ay these these bd's right here shawty Ay this that this that noyd too shawty You can't get no better than this right here Ay nigga well get the fuck out my trapp then [Verse 1] A crack a ki' a crumb do it fifty mo' times The quarter go for 5 and the half go for 9 Still in the trapp wit them break down dimes Hit me on the hipper anytime, I don't mind Why y'all niggas bitching on and whining I'm a grind Shack it in the winter and the summer I'm a shine (getting mine) It's plenty of money to be made from Candler Road to Bankhead It's plenty of room to get paid for those that ain't scared I got the hard for the j's and dro' for the dank heads The dope game still strong like pimping ain't dead Heard what I said I ain't buying no yell Weighing 36 o's or more on a triple beam scale Yeah, look like you got that touchy bug shawty Standing round in my trapp I think you fucking up shawty Same nigga who taut a k getting paid in the trapp Made a song for the niggas and the J's in da trapp For the... [Hook] Da dope boyz in the trapp nigga The thug nigga, drug dealer where you at nigga I say the, da dope boyz in the trapp nigga The thug nigga, drug dealer where you at, a where you at nigga Ya dope boyz in the trapp nigga The thug nigga, drug dealer where you at, a where you at nigga Ya dope boyz in the trapp nigga This for da, ya dope boyz in the trapp nigga [Verse 2] Never everybody in the swats know I got the fiyah fiyah Nigga want that weight got it for the high high You can't even supply the package I buy I get it and I cook and it's gone for it dry Get a quarter ki and cut it down to all dimes Buy my own blow so the profits all mine How we gone shine?, the same way we gone grind Niggas ain't gone be able to see us hey, they gone think they gone blind C got choppers on his vert and I got daden's on mine Triple gold and vogues, poppin' moe' blowin' pine Honey brown wood grain wheel in the 'lac Oak on the dash and the 12's in the back Came for years of trappin', staying down wit the crack Now that I made it rapping I ain't never going back I'ma let the paper stack till it can't no more Still got love for my niggas slangin' blow Getting do' fo' sure [Hook] [Verse 3] I remember it all started wit a quarter ounce of hard Me and C-Roy crunked the trapp up in Cobb Nann nigga barred we the trillest niggas living If this ain't yo trapp then what the fuck you doing in it? What the muthafucking business, do you think you puttin down? If so then my corner you need to get the fuck from round Unless you wanna sell some weed my nigga Beed got the pound Anything else I don't need ya help, I got the hard locked down 37's ki's in da grill of the broam Jumped from 33 to my folk in Boyd homes All most gone ain't got but four mo' Eternal Simpson Road ain't no more blow Nothing left for you but to count my do' Just something else to do while I blow my dro' 350k what I paid for the shit Made 850 quick when I flipped all these bricks Getting rich in this bitch HooK: 2x {T.I. shouting out da dope boyz!} Ay one time for da dope boyz in ATL From the SWATS on Campbelton Road on over to the Westside on Bankhead, ya understand On over to Candler Road Ay I know y'all niggaz out there getting money in Decatur Got damn ay we going on down to Miami shawty Ay we know y'all niggas got them thangs down there for the low I'm coming to get some Ay one time for my niggas up in Tennessee shawty Up in Orange Mound, y'all niggas trapp rolling good On over to Memphis I know the pimpings real good down there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: What Happened Typed by: lil52501@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [T.I.] Dez niggas robbing me Pray to God is nothing but a robbery I gave them all I had So they pulled they lick off flawlessly They yelling fussing cussing But all I hear is heaven calling Me next thing I know they busting They leaf me seven and they all in me on fallen knees help me please death is all I see If I die memory of a ballin Gee is all I'll be Never thought I'll be lying in a poodle of blood trying to breath I don't want to die but something is telling me It's time to leave say my apologizes Maybe find a piece of God Seen my whole life flash before my eyes And now it's getting dark body temp drop Going in shock prying out of fear close my eyes Take my last breath and I'm out here In my life I smoked a lot of weed Drunk a lot beer sold a lot of keys But that shit don't even matter here Somebody said walk toward the light But I ain't not ready to go Am I dead is it over you ain't ready to know [T.I.] Well now I moving toward the light And I ain't walling or nothing I ain't like the shit Well hell I guess ain't use for me to try to fight The shit what the business is you God I been waiting to meet you And I know I been hearing bout yall But like the one day I would see you But why you let dem niggas kill me you could have done something why you ain't come down there And shield me when them niggas started dumping Then he say excuse thy heat But I control no hate in And it coming not from me Well who coming from Satin Oh Satin did this excuse me lord But now my shit list and I know with all this phi shit you got a A-K Or a piston grip give me a click of angels whip dem thought loose the goal And get piston whipped a lot of die I ain't scared Who he think he is fuck with Tip I got a A-K two 45's bout 50 clip I'm fixto dip I ain't borrow shit I'm fixto trip Put a piston grip and loose thy lip And then he say two wrong doing make it not a right one a last Well forgiven me cause I'm bout to ride out on Lufica ass And all I need you to do is give me The strength and lord you know I'm need you With the shit I'm fixto attempt I'm fix to bust hell wide open fear don't control me and I'm O.G. hell can't hold me [T.I.] Now 'Pac and Biggie want ride too I guess that's cool sense that muthafucker The reason yall niggas had to die too My nigga Bankhead had to realize too Shawty let ride It's 4serious up here dough Cause we don't ride we glade Now I'm strapped and ready folks But I can't steam to do a thing With these wings how I'm supposed to keep them steady folks With a chopper on back of two 44's shawty no A the pain we fixto bring I don't thing he even ready for When it's on you already know Farewell bro. mama always told me I was bad enough to tear hell up IM doing this for what you made of From that time you made the bitch eat the apple to the time you pick your folks To put us on the boat and enslave us Worker that never paid us Killed Malcolm X, Martin Luther King and everybody else tried to come down here us Killed my father that raised us Kidnapped us from our country Take your distance in our religional way Well now it's time for the cadet to busted We want our spirits and our minds back now IM getting mines right now Pussy nigga lye it down I'm walkin Thought hell kicking the devil doors down spreading rounds waving cadet rounds Well I woke up I was lying down shawty WHAT HAPPENED? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: You Ain't Hard Typed by: muskogeefran@aol.com [Verse 1] I done been locked up wit the worsest of niggas Armed robbin con men and murderous niggas The dope boys be the first to deliver Green, brown, or blow, got mo snow than Buffalo in the winter Think these lyrics is comin from a pretender If I said it I done seen it or done it So I mean it when I say you don't want it Done came a long way from jumpin the hunnids (hundreds) To baggin them quarters, doin shows from L.A. to Flawda (Florida) In Atlanta, I'm the law and the order, the king of it Got a throne and a brougham and a (?) that's chrome Callin houses on the water my home, wit no mortgage or loan If I live in it I bought it and own it If I'm wit a bitch I caught her and boned it No question, no less than a week and she's in confession And I bought no necklace unless I'm investin No exceptions, I'll open ya closed session [Hook] X2 You ain't hard til you cookin like this You ain't mob til you fucked wit the click Or you flippin them bricks We make music for the broke and the rich For the hoop and the 6 For the hustlas went from nothin to (?) We hustle from 6 to 6 to 6 again Sell fat nicks for 10 til the bricks get in Venturin from ATL to Michigan The talk of yo town, y'aint even worth mentionin Peppermint try'na get another shipment in And Sam Goody just hit us on the hip again Got hot shit under our fits that'll pierce ya skin And the click I'm in some made men, know dat Got a deal now, but I was the shit befo dat Totin steel now, but hold my own wit no gat T.I.P. the answer to the question "Where them hoes at?" The heat is catchin up to niggas runnin 4 flat At the club gettin crunker than crackers on Prozac Say you got some dubs on the Lac? Well shawty where the vogues at? T.I.P. ain't the shit? come on shawty, don't act I'm the hottest thing ever flowed over 24 tracks [Hook] X2 Some niggas wonder how I made it, I do what it takes At school I was cool wit the nigga who threw a 22 in ya face Took ya starter coat and choked ya til you blue in the face Or you might know me as the nigga who fucked ya bitch and bust 2 in her face Either way, I'm a winner like the 4 and the trey You probably never held mo dough than I can blow in a day Sometimes I'm wearin gold, sometimes I'm ridin on it Between us, I doubled up off my signin bonus K.P. and Jay say "Shawty, ay you goin legit" But I ignored the shit, when I scored a brick I bet you never knew how quick 36 O's'll flip Yeah I cook it til it bubble up, see how quick it double up Competition's in trouble I'm supplyin the hood Born, bred, when I'm dead, I'ma die in the hood Niggas be tryin the hood, I open fire in the hood Shut 'em up, wet 'em up, and let 'em lie in the hood [Hook] X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Beenie Man Album: I'm Serious Song: I'm Serious Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [T.I.] Ay take a good look at me - Now picture me unhappy No cash and outta fashion, not flashin Picture me doin bad even if I wasn't rappin Picture me even breathe on the mic not snappin I'm fire hot not lukewarm, my arms frozen Picture me in a room full of hoes unchosen Picture me with no P.O. and no 'dro Picture pimps walk with some broads and ain't gettin no 'tho L.A. gone and I ain't gotta deal no mo' (Picture that) A ghetto vision ain't real no mo' (Picture that) Ah T.I.P. ain't work for MIA no mo' He still so-so (picture that) he still po' Nigga picture that, ah matta fact picture T.I.P. Gettin anything other than rich Now can you picture this, young, pompus, African son of a bitch Labelled as anything less than "the shit", I can't see it [Chorus - Beenie Man] Dis bad man you get shot, anyways Bad man nuh tek back chat, no day Jamaican bad bwoy seh dat zigga, zigga We always gonna stay 'pon top always Dis bad man you get shot, anyways Bad man nuh tek back chat no day Jamaican bad bwoy seh dat zigga, zigga We always gonna stay 'pon top, always [T.I.] Pull up in a blue coupe that's damn near clear And Polo gear that won't drop 'til next year Be like this here, Cartier frames and Pierre Jouet wristwear T.I.P. your majesty's right c'here Notice when I came the dames disappeared, ya lames listen here To play me, ba-by, hey he, gone need a track from God featuring Jesus or Jay-Z Go on floss; ball where it cost Smile for the cameras, take your shirts off Y'all niggas actin, take ya skirts off Hoppin bomb-ass nigga and he ain't wanna work boss I'm gettin sick and tired off these phony rendetions Wonder why I don't consider them no competition There's no vision - lil' ambition How I feel about these niggas, and my word, are ya kiddin? [T.I.] Some niggas wonder what my goal is They think it's goin gold havin hoes sweatin me Fuck that, I'm in it for the longevity Picture me as one of the greatest that'll ever be Compare me to, Tupac, B.I.G., and Jay-Z Work with legends like, Organo, I.Z., and J.D. Neptunes, they even flow on one of Dre's beats Fly to Miami, chill with Luke and we can trade freaks I freak shows, just peep hoes under shade trees Huh, but KP say just keep it top-notch And make sure that the club is jumpin like it's hop-scotch Floss rocks and in the summer keep the top dropped Ten thousand dolla work for clo', when I go shop In the Apollo on them 'boes so the hoes jock Especially when I rock that linen suit with no socks In Polo skippers, they undo zippers, and they shows cock, to show shot shit Bitch, I'm serious [Beenie Man] Well it's a Neptunes sound (ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Zagga-zagga-za, na-na-na-na-na (T.I.P.) Whoa na-na-na-na (Beenie Man) (Zagga-za-za-za, Oh we dat shit) An a ziggi-ziggi-zagga (Bad man sittin) Straight from Jamaica (Alright lemme give this to ya) Alright lemme tell them somethin (See it's goin down) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: Do It Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [Verse 1]  You looking good in them guess's shawty showing yo ass Make a nigga wanna grab a hold of yo ass Strip you out yo couchie dress and hit the flo' wit yo ass When I leave the club I wanna see some more of yo ass I ain't tricking shit but I might spend some dough on yo ass The way you bouncin on my dick and grindin' slow wit yo ass Hit the v.i.p. wit me I po' some moe' fo yo ass Just so I can see you out there bouncin yo ass If I leave the club wit something rather go wit yo ass Them other broads fine but you a pro wit yo ass When I see u poppin and droppin I know it's yo ass In a crowd full of hoes I would notice yo ass [Bridge: T.I.] A now a thug done chose  And I don't give a damn if the club done closed Give the DJ a dub tell him spin one mo So I can finish watching you poppin yo shakin yo, droppin yo, bouncin yo ass [Hook: T.I. & Females] (T) Now all my guls say  (F) Do it baby stick it baby (T) Yeeeah, bounce ya ass and holla  (F) Do it baby stick it baby (T) Alright, a in the club say (F) Do it baby stick it baby (T) Okay, so if ya wit it holla (F) Do it baby stick it baby (repeat) [Verse 2] I see ya every Friday night outside the club in da line wit ya partners Shawty you see all that ass poking out them Dolce Gabbana's Hey as soon as she get in I'm a find her ass The first record the DJ spend I'm behind her ass I don't care if I got some henn' I'm putting down my glass Just so I can get out there and grind her ass Wit yo fine ass, must I remind yo ass? You da baddest thing in here that's why I'm eyeing yo ass In ya Iceberg suit, ya face looking cute and I like those boots Ya nails all pretty and ya hair due too I'm fucking wit you, shit just choose and we'll be fucking by two [Bridge: 1x] [Hook: 1x] [Verse 3] I made this song to let you know shit that I see ya when you workin dat ass Make a nigga think later on he gone be twerkin' that ass And I can tell by the way you throw it back it ain't no hurting dat ass And ain't no room for nothing else in that skirt but that ass The jiggling shawty, got a nigga shivering shawty And if you don't know what to do wit you better give it here shawty Put a bend in her back, I'm throwing the dick she giving it back I tell her if you ever give me dat ass I ain't giving it back She bouncing her ass, later on I'm a blow a ounce wit her ass Ride out wit her ass, cut sumethin' on the couch wit her ass Then bounce to her pad, coz you know it ain't no housing her ass Coz since the first time I seen her, all I been thinking bout is her ass [Bridge: 1x] [Hook: 1x] Do it baby stick it baby (8x then end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ The Neptunes Album: I'm Serious Song: What's Yo Name? Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [T.I.]  Yo, Uh (12x), a come on T.I.P. {Neptunes} Come on (4x), I said come on, come on, come on, come on Verse 1: T.I.P. A hour train spit game from the get green Ay T.I.P. been bangin' thick dames since he was 15 The click came ran trains if her shit clean The same broad fronted y'all like she Miss Thang And damn how da bitch seem she's a dick fiend All though I won't elaborate I'll say she lick things and get green She fuck wit me because I got big dreams And along wit a face she think she seen on the big screen I give it to her since she whine and her back hurt Then drive her crazy since she crying and she act worse Yeah, I'm a rapper, I'm a man, but I'm a mac first I need a broad wit a bank and a fat purse... and that's first Hook: {T.I. & Neptunes}1x [T]  I'm a p-i-m, ah, m-p,  Told y'all niggaz before about me Plenty Remi to the h-e, ah, a-d [N] Somebody buy some more dro' so we can smoke please Now what's yo name? [T] I'm pussy bumper number one [N] Yeah, I said what's yo name? [T] I'm pussy bumper number one Verse 2: T.I.P. Man trying to stop pimpin like shooting a bee-bee gun at a freight train So comparing us is like whine to a grape stain My reputations great man, I got a great name I hate lames, I stay clean, and I break dames I like 'em small or bigger with a figure eight frame So if she fine I bet she mine when I find time Man I ain't lying, mine dimes I don't wine or dine Like clothesline hoes mine, I'm a goldmine Ay I'm the "King of Da South" and the throne mine I got the chrome in the Chevy and the broan mine Ay man I'm young but I been doing it for a long time That ain't my fault that bitch grown she got her own mind An-and I'm... Hook: 1x Verse 3: I bet some niggas think I cake her when I take her out But come that week just watch me rape her fucking bank account Eventually the P$C hey we gone take the south Then grab the earth by the ankles and shake the paper out Nigga I'm bout my paper route so I'm gone make a route Anybody blocking my road to riches man I'm gone take 'em out Keep run yo mouth making up you mind you got's to be's wit out Me I'ma git a ho who gone make show my pockets seen about P-i-m-p-i-n-g is all I be's about  I break a ho in break 'em till they broke and then I ease 'em out They out of pocket, I'm a lock 'em out and leave 'em out And that don't change man, season in season out Open up The Source shawty and see who just you reads about If it ain't concernin T.I.P. a P$C a see ya out Ain't nothing even you ain't cuttin then u don't see the house Because you know I got to practice what I preach about HooK: 1x [Neptunes] Come on (4x) I said come on, come on, come on, come on (repeat) [T.I.] I'm a p-i-m, ah, m-p,  Told y'all niggaz before about me Plenty Remi to the h-e, ah, a-d The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: Hands Up Typed by: redhotladylove@aol.com (Man speaking) We going to Cuba wit' this one Yea, I been rehabilitated, rejuvicated And most important…relocated So now, with no further to do (Hook 2x) Now ladies stand up Or if you wit' me shake ya titties Throw your hands up And all the ballers poppin' bottles throw a grand up And if you feeling like I'm feeling keep them hands up And keep ya hands up Hey, from the sunrise to the midnight star I'm by far the hottest new thing the South seen Bringing sixteen bars, got six clean cars Vert's, Hoops, four doors, do momo's, and Tahoes Star hoes, yo hoes is our hoes Keri pullin up to the Shark Bar on the Northstar Wit' a Puerto Rican porn star We in La Vida La Loca See you can't flow like me or rock a show like me Get dough like me  Shouldn't signed 'em, he ain't gon' blow like me But give me a quarter of his bonus and half his budget And I guarantee he go double but if you don't, you in trouble It's gon' take him three coupes just for him to recoup' Or witness shawty flop, like the last three groups While I'm in Cancun' 'round see-thru's on a three week cruise It'll take more than the likes of these fools to make me lose Sheesh, floppin is something I can't see Ladies, obey the chorus Shake ya titties for me please Hook (2x) Uh, I came to blow the spot Hit the club wit' cheddar knots Ridin wit' a badder bitch You gonna get or ever got Try me boy, you better not Shawty and I'm very hot Toting forty cap, forty five nine's every glock Blow you up in that very spot you standing in Then vanishing Undo this mañana then, throw away this can and then Back to poppin mo and blow and dro and money handlin' You and your lil' posse can not stop me and this clan I'm in While you slanderin', you better ask ya gul who the man again Turning out a superstar back into a fan again Damagin' all who peek, line 'em all in the street I'll do 'em one at a time wit' one line on one beat Say ya almost gold, that's what I sold in one week Got a flock of freaks, while you hold on to one biich I'm like a Pez dispenser, shawty, I spit treats The nigga who even sound good on a bullshit beat Hook (2x) Well pussy nigga, you can like it, you can love it You can bite it, you can dub it But you can't do it how we does it When we ballin' in public Where the grill full of gold or Seville full of hoes Wood wheels and some Voe's or hun'ed gold spokes I park at the club and a hun'ed hoes choke Spark up some dubs, let them hun'ed hoes blow I run game to get the hoe once they act like I can't run it no mo' I stunt them hoes broke and her money po' po' You can't smoke the way we smoke if you ain't smokin' no dro' Drink the way we drink wit no Hen' and no Mo' You can't ride the way we ride if you ain't slammin Benz do's Can't ball wit' me if you got eight but can only spend fo' You ain't VIP like me and can't be searching your coat Ain't no P.I. like me if you ain't workin' no hoes Can't do the shit we do, the way we do wit' no dough That's like trying to win a ballgame, if you ain't takin no score Hook (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jazze Pha Album: I'm Serious Song: Chooz U Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com (Verse 1) [T.I.] They say love blind, so why can't I picture this guhl mine? Yea I dig her but I figure, I'm wastin this guhl time I'm runnin from relationshipz, scared to commit Mad at monogamy, sexually, I'm a misfit But this shit's... way too much fo me Usually I can take'em and make'em a cut buddy Yo mama probably see me, and say that I'm no good I was born in the burbs, I was raised in the hood We from two seperate sides of life, two different backgrounds Shawty been legit and I just started to rap now I ain't tryina act now, I'm bein real witchu Really, I just wanted to kick it and chill witchu But the picture got bigger, 'fo I could even paint it Thoughts got deeper befo' a nigga could think A playa like me on this, strange ain't it? One thang bout yo feelins is this, you can't change it Yo preception on me, I don't think I can maintain We flirtin with disaster, this game we playin iz dangerous You the best thang that happened since I don became famous But sometimes I think we shoulda remained strangers (Chorus) [Jazze Pha] I... I chose you baby (Stay with me now, stay with me, sing it fo me shawty) I, I, I, I... I chose you baby (Ah, come on, uh, uh, uh c'mon) (Verse 2) [T.I.] I like you to persue, but still I respect it to let it go Give it time, give it room to breathe and let it grow I'll just tell her when I'm ready to change, I'll let her know Hate to say it, but til then be friendz and nuthin mo Evendoe anotha time, anotha life, anotha place I swear I know we coulda been great But rather than great, you lil heart take the smile of yo face So I can treat you righ, I'm willin ta wait And ain't shit fake, I know it sound funny comin from a felon But I think I got a piece of whuz up in heaven So to keep from, blockin mah blessings, think I better back up Last thang a nigga need now is bad luck But if my life was perfect shawty, I'da had her I guess, I guess I don't deserve it, ballaz tell me you ain't worth it So I gots to hit the surface, I'll holla when I holla Act like I don't wanna see ya, and I'on wanna call'er Repeat Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: I Can't Be Your Man Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com Yeah, To the ladies, One mo' message from T.I.P., I represent every man in America, Naw,the world You wanna know what he what he thinkin' bout when he ain't talkin to you bout why he can't be your man you sure you wanna know Here it is [Verse 1] My girl say I don't love her She say we just fuckin' Nothin' against you  It's just that I hate tux She wanna toast with the Mo' and the ice Throwin' the rice Wake up with me for the rest of your life Ask me where I'm going,when I'comin back when I bounce Runnin her mouth, call herself the queen of the south Redecorate the crib throwin satin on the couch Catch me out adulteratin' takin' half of the house Well it ain't she don't deserve it Just I don't wanna give it The life she wanna live Shorty I don't wanna live it Makin' money shorty's missin' To all kind of digits From KeKe's to Chaniques's To Bianca's and Brigettes's Poppin' up unannouced, shorty call 'fore you visit Nothing about a number, mind your goddamn business Look bitch, some shit bout Tip won't change We can hang, but I got to let you know one thang I can't be your man It ain't you it's me, sorry shorty I can't be your man Where I been, I don't see no rings on these fingers  I can't be your man Look to the future, find someone better than me I can't be your man You deserve much more, I'm no good to you shorty [Verse 2] Don't it seem like shit be cool for a month and a half All of a sudden you frontin' and showin your ass Complainin' bout what you got Shorty look what you had  Before me, it was pull-out couches and Bilitant bags Now she mad cause she ain't got a T.V. in her Jag I tell you what if that ain't good enough get back on the bus Give up the princess cuts and the Prada and stuff I take you out to eat and you order a bottle of what? Ungrateful wonderin' why I'm not faithful Ballin's all good but this shit is just wasteful Want me to pay your bills Help you get a bigger crib  Shorty I don't mind helpin' But show some initiative Ain't brought nothin' to the table but hard times and heartache Do something, get on the grind for God's sake A reminder, rewind this message from your highness For those that chose to take my kindness for blindness I can't be your man I don't cheat cause I ain't shit,  I'm cheatin' cause you aint shit I can't be your man Every time I walk in the house you sittin' on that goddamn couch You ain't got nothing better to do I can't be your man Cook, clean, iron, pay the water bill, shorty do something  Work with me I can't be your man Ay, pack you shit shorty, I'm droppin yo ass off at yo mami house Right now [Verse 3] One more scenario Bout another jazzy hoe That I met on the road After a show in Ontario Shorty say she got a man That don't really scare me though But she say he got a temper So, but what he jealous for Cause you told him you were cheatin Hell, well what you tell him for Shit, what that got to do with Tip You better let him know Now she want to let him go But what for So you can get with me and keep being a slut hoe I don't think so baby better stay where you at I'm no good for you Never mind the way that he act You got a kid and a crib with him What's better than that I'm in town for the week you better settle for that [End Chorus] I can't be your man I'm here for 4 days shorty, 4 days I can't change the world I can't be your man He don't treat you right?  What that gotta do with me? I can't be your man He be cussin' you out and shit You cheated on him shorty, can you blame him? I can't be your man You ain't fend to bring that bullshit to me I don't want naan parts of it I can't be your man Look here man Get that shit out of my face Kick rocks I can't be your man I ain't fend to have nothing to do with it Their will be none of that round here I can't be your man Besides shorty you talk to much I can't deal with it I can't be your man You say you work where Mickey D, get the hell out of here shorty Man look ay, I can't deal with it You got too much baggage with you man You and little, uh,uh,uh little Opus Cunningham Y'all kick rocks down the damn street I can't deal with it shorty N...,complain...,what..., you ain't got what? Shorty when I met you shorty you was barefooted Sittin' on the railroad track with some straw in yo mouth What the hell you complainin' about what you got now Wh-Wh-What nigga you got steak and eggs right here  I'm sayin, what the business is? Get the hell out of here man Ay man you need to show me some appreciation round here You in the damn living room more than the muthafuckin' furniture shorty I can't deal with that shit man  Get a damn job Do something for me Lazy bitch, All the bad bitches in the world and I had to hook up With the sorriest hoe in America Why don't you take the weight off my back every now and then why don't you pay a bill 30 damn dollars, the cable bill ain't but 30 damn dollars shorty Why don't you change the..., flip the mattress Man wash some clothes, change a light bulb Goddamn shorty, I gotta do every thing round this sumabitch A lazy bitch, ain't nothing worse than a lazy bitch shorty wasted talent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Too $hort Album: I'm Serious Song: Hotel Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [T.I.] (Too $hort) Ay shawty (Whussup playa?) Ay, you 'memba dat broad we met back on da road last year, bout '99? (Da one up in NYC?) Nah, nah, not the one from New York, I 'memba her too doe I'm talkin bout the one from L.A. lil bad bitch I met in da mall wit da big azz (Oh, oh, dat bitch) Here wha she said (Whussup?) I'll meet you at the hotel, we can fuck all night Do me how you want to, I won't tell nobody (Shit, let'z do it... where u at?) I said, meet me at the hotel, we can fuck all night Do me how you want to, I won't tell nobody (Shit baby, keep yo mouth shut we can do it, sho nuff) [Verse 1] (T.I.) One day in L.A., I'm at the mall Pickin me up a coupla pairs of silk drawls And I ran into this fine azz well built broad She was in hard from a long way So I'm finna go on swing shawty way Just like da song say, cuz I don't play Miss lady built like a amazon A 5'9", light brown, wit some sandals on Da kinda azz dat make you wanna grab a handle on And fuck her all day in da hallway with the candlez on So I wave, and I speak and conversation coo She asked my name, where I'm from and why I talk the way I do? I said "Cuz I ain't from round hea, I'm from Atlanta shawty, but anywayz We can still get togetha, cuz I'm gon be hea fo a coupla dayz" And then she say, she never been ta Georgia, she was dyin ta visit Well, I'm in room 312, at the Sofatel, I'm sho that they listed She got the digits, say she like me, and that we can be friends If I ain't welcome shawty, don't invite me, ain't no need ta pretend I'm wanna lick on ya neck, kiss ya earz, and make yo knee bend Put ya azz in positionz you never thought you'd be in Now, I'm tellin you shawty, fuckin wit me, like divin of deep end Have you sneekin, creepin in Georgia, freak on the weekend Repeat [Chorus] [Verse 2](T.I.) This time, it was me n KP, in NYC On some Quevo and Hennessy, and 2 sweets with two freaks Some of da baddest thangz in Times Square wit some long hairz, cute feet One of'em say she wanna drive me to Coney Island so she can show me the new beach Couldn't nobody ride wit me doe, cuz da car only had 2 seatz Lil' cute freak, in da Z3, remind me of one of my hoez in da GC Told me her name was Sharell but all of her friendz call her Cici Say she up hea goin ta NYU, but originally she frum DC Say she'd love ta freak me, reminisce while listenin to mah CD Lay me out on the beach feed me strawberriez n kiwi Shawty say she like wha she see, can't wait ta get down hea n see me Round Freaknik, say soon az you hit da city all you gotta do iz beep me And let me know whut itz finna be, the Four Seasons or the Embassy Get a voice mail round 10 ta 3, and then wha she said ta me... Repeat [Chorus] Tell'em how you did the broad shawty (I fucked the bitch... and forgot the bitch) [Verse 3](Too $hort) I'm havin fun... gettin pussy on the run Bitches comin to mah room, tryna make me cum In *Cleveland* last weekend, O-High Hoe, whuz really goin on? She said "Stick it down my throat" A lotta yall married... to mah ex trampz She shouldn't worry, I sent the bitch to sex camp Taught her how to fuck, she made you fall in love I fucked her real tough, now you can't get enough Knockin on mah door fo yo hoe, das no game pimp I fucked all them bitchez DMX was namin Fuckin hoez from Milly, bitchez out in Philly Puerto Rican, Dominican, New York pussy, ya feel me I been nationwide since '88 So don't clown when I'm around, keep yo lady straight Cuz I'ma... beat her pussy down in the worst way You waited six months, and I fucked her on the first date, at the Hotel (T.I. & Too $hort talkin through Chorus) Meet me at the hotel, we can fuck all night (Hoe, don't tell nobody... BIATCH!!!) Do me how you want to, I won't tell nobody (That'z right... we runnin' up in deze hoez... Trackstarz baby, real playaz, ballin in da ATL) I said, meet me at the hotel, we can fuck all night Do me how you want to, I won't tell nobody (You betta ask yo bitch about us Take the game from Timbucktoo to the Kalimazoo You know how a playa do... ... and one mo thang baby... Check out time... Arivaderchi, capeesh? Bishhh...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: I'm Serious Song: At the Bar Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Bartender I really did it this time broke my parole to have a good time when I got home it was 6 A.M. the door was locked so I kicked it in she was trippin on the bills I think she was high on some pills she through my shit out into the yard then she called me a punk and slapped me real hard and in my drunken stupor I did what I should of never done now I am sitting here talking to you drunk and on the run [Chorus - by Rehab] I sittin at the bar on the inside waiting on my ride on the outside she broke my heart at the trailer park so I jacked her keys to her fucking car and crashed that piece of shit and stepped away You know Moe, I'll probably get ten years so just give me beers until they get here yeah I know the sun is coming up and yall are probably getting ready for closing up but I'm trying to drown my soul I am tired of this life on a dirt road and everything that I love is gone and I'm tired of hanging on she got me sittin at the bar Guess it was meant to be romance is misery so much for memories and now I am heading to the penitentiary see me on TV the next cop series I am a danger I guess I should have did something about my anger but I never learn, real things I don't concern I pour kerosene on everything I love and watch it burn I know it's my fault but I wasn't happy it was over she threw a fit so I crashed that piece of shit And now I am going back again back to the pen to see my friends when we all pile up on that county van they'll ask me where I've been I've been at a bar on the inside NA NA Na NA nA nA na na na The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ P$C Album: I'm Serious Song: Heavy Chevys Typed by: mr_doogie17@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah Yeah Come on (Hey) PSC, Uh (Y'all niggas) What (Y'all niggas) What Pimp Squad shawty (What you know about them) What they know? (You don't know about them) They don't know, they don't know (Now what you really know about them?) (What it is) Yeen know about them Them heavy chevys shawty (Yeen know about them) heavy chevy shawty [Verse 1] Now how you tame a young baller That rides Suburbans, Caprices and candy Impalas Raspberry Monte Carlos that march like a rottweiler Off the collar addicted to hustlin' and stacking mighty dollars Ho holla, when you hear the chevy beating down the street Beating so hard the Crissy wasting on my mink seats To get them reupholstered gonna cost me ten G's The same as the Chevy platinum emblem on my keys With the diamond against the trim  Young ass nigga with a Louis V brim A sporty young shawty with Gucci shades dim These hoes mistaking me for being they pimp They say “baby couldn't see you past them shiny rims” I'ma cool little daddy bitch I've never been a simp If you choosing ho then you need to hop on then And if you ain't bitch, then you need to ride with him Cause I'm pimpin' in my… [Chorus (2x)] Ridin' swervin'  Ridin' swervin'  Ridin' swervin'  Ridin' swervin'  Ridin' swervin'  Yeah, we ridin' in them heavy Chevys, them heavy Chevys On them D's and them Vogues When we shinin' on them hoes Yeah, we ridin' in them heavy Chevys, them heavy Chevys Beatin' hard in the park when we rollin' wit the squad [Verse 2] Now you heard of me You gone feel something hot to the 3rd degree Coming down your streets in a black Caprice With a fine ass freak in the passenger seat Y'all fake niggas don't know the half of me I spit pimp game automatically, don't be mad at me Cause I'm finally coming up in the industry and the 4's sitting up on the triple d's Bloodline, the underground celebrities, Mack Bone my partner keeping the beat Heat it up like a cookout when the sun fall Y'all nigga better look out or your rap career is over I put a hook out like you at Apollo Ride and swerving while my niggas follow  Hoes wobbling and start slobbin' bobbin' on the dick til they swallow, AH [Verse 3] Speedometer broken, doors smokin' Body dented, windows tinted Bend it round the corner Leaning, engine steaming, screaming demons Spillin' liquor, yeah nigga Blowin tall off the wall Burning rubber leaving foul Muthafucka how you ride Choppin blades with triple golds Stay away from Campbellton roads Playa cause I'm riding old It ain't no thang to take them vogues Jack it up, strip it down Have the freshest car in town Pimpin cuz I'm bout my crown  Hey shawty what's that knocking sound [Chorus 2x] [Verse 4] T.I.P and P.S is fresher than new SS's Triple doors and vogues shining like some treasure chests (bling) I got a fetish I ain't getting in it boy unless it's Got them little blue boxes off in the headrestes I bet it's wood in the dash Duel in the ass Get an Impala, holla Watch me (skirrrt) When I pass I'm burning rubber in your yard Diggin' up ya grass Drag racin' 454 That's what make it fast I hit the gas  And I mash on it in a flash Throw it in the gutter Buy another if it crash That's petty cash I parlay all day in a Chevrolet  Pearsjay wit a face bright as heavens day I'm beatin fo' tens in the flo then Hit the store then for some more Hen (Hey Dub) Pull a hoe and four friends Dubs still spinnin' with a gold grill in it White leather guts Wipe up what ya spill in it Still trillin out here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I Album: I'm Serious Song: Grand Royal Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [T.I. - talking] What? (Nigga, what) I'm the King of the Motherfuckin south. (Huh, what? I'm T.I.P nigga) Picture that, nigga (Try me then nigga. King of the South) I ain't got no hits Nigga, kiss my ass, nigga (Bust me then, sucka. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Nigga, I been bustin'. You don't like it. Outbust me then, nigga Nigga, I can fight nigga. I can say what the fuck I wanna say, nigga. (PSC) King of the got damn south. Bust me then, nigga [Verse 1] Might see T.I.P in one of them drop things Way down the block, man Swervin in and out of lanes, gettin some hot brain I'm tellin ya, I'm hot man From here to Scott Lane You know the day I drop, man Shawty, I'm not playin Now hold up, st-stop dammit Shawty, you're not jammin' If you hear one more, got dammit I-I-I can't stand it I'm taking over spots to damage that B.I.G and Pac image you got Stop dick ridin, your shit's tired I doubt if even your bitch buy it for six 'ollars I can't see how niggas who not spittin ask why they not winnin' Or why their record not spinnin, why niggas not feelin it Cause that shit is not real, and we know you're not out killin shit [Chorus 2X] Crown grand royalty Shawty, I must be Whoever wanna shut me, uh-up Just outbust me Until then I'm king hood, don't act like you ain't know it You wanna be supreme, hood, go get 16 for it [Verse 2] I been spittin since way back like the seats in the Lac, nigga Since the days of 97 sats in the back of the trap, nigga I ain't a rap nigga, I just happen to rap what is different? I ain't gotta act and still i'm hotta than that nigga I think all of ya wack niggas should give your plaques to the real killas and crack dealers writing your script get a grip, you need your ass whipped, for tryin to be famous everybody know my flow is chainless and that's how i remain is T-I-P, K-I-N-G, O-F-D-A-S-O, a U-T-H labeled as one of the greatest when it comes to the flow give a damn what you think cause if the legends of the south ain't complainin like Outkast and Goodie Mob what the hell and the fuck do i care what you sayin I'm T.I.P [Chorus 2X] What, what, what Yal still ain't heard Pussy nigga, yal still ain't heard T.I.P., King of the South, shut your motherfuckin mouth Or come see bout me, homie [Verse 3] Well, whether you can't live with it Or you just can't love it One thing that you can't say is shawty we ain't bustin I was the King of the South before my single was out I gave you everything from the ho to the dope game Now hold up, wa-uh-wait shawty, wanna buy at 8 shorties So go and get the weight shawty, out of the safe for me They all can go for 140, meet me at 1:40 Now hey, don't play no games with me I ain't no lame sissy All I'ma bring wit me, is the niggas who hang with me They smoke and drank and slang with me So they'll bang with me Know if they came with me, that they dyin to die for me Or bust a 45 at the blink of a eye for me Now don't be fuckin round, f-fore you be duckin down You ain't goin hear that bustin sound Til right 'fore you touch the ground Now know that AK'll turn you browner than Bobby and I were raised in the yay, rappin just was my hobby I'm king hood [Chorus 3x] [T.I. - talking] What? King of the South Motherfuck yal niggas What? Nigga, yal don't know This my city, nigga ATL, nigga What? I washawty born and raised, nigga Die here Born and raised, nigga Bankhead-born, Bankhead-bred One nigga down goin be Bankhead dead Nigga, what? Outbust me then ATL in this motherfucker You don't like it, nigga Kiss my motherfuckin ass Get a Benz then talk, nigga I don't give a fuck what you think about that little bitty-ass house you got Nigga, get a house on a lake Then come tell me somethin, nigga You don't like down south Fuck you then Got plenty dick for your mouth Ho ass nigga I can fight Come see bout me Ho ass nigga PSC in this muthafucka The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Pastor Troy, Youngbloodz Album: I'm Serious Song: I'm Serious (Remix) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [talking] This some of that Ghet-O-Vision shit man FUCK these niggaz, WHAT! WHAT! WHAT! (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah, uhh Serious mayne... (yeah) This shit gets serious mayne... (I'm tellin ya shawty) Serious mayne... (ah ah, ya ya yea) This shit gets serious mayne... (ah ah, ya ya yea) Serious mayne (ah c'mon, ah ya ya yea) This shit gets serious mayne (aight, let's do it shawty tell 'em) [Hook - 2X] ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Ah wha-wha ah what WHAAAT! [T.I.] I'm goin in with funny niggas in the A The killas with the case, and now the niggas with the yea' All my niggas, where ya stay? Westside to Decatur, ah hey-ya, fuck ya wooden eight I lay you down if I got a thirty-shot in my Impala I'm a 3rd bred Bankhead, Roll Park scholar From a house with no father, school - why bother? That's why I call myself the King of the South Well nigga, ah you don't want what I'm break out the house Ah so I, strongly suggest you keep my name out ya mouth Before I, be in ya house tapin ya spouse to the couch And put a, hole in her blouse, I don't play young nigga Remember me from back in the day young nigga One more thing, fuck what you done heard 'bout Atlanta We finna break the standards, rubber bands instead of platinum I'm a hustler, not a rapper We gangstas, y'all some actors We finna turn this chapter, your spot is what I'm after I'm serious!! [Hook - 2X] [J-Bo] See I got the answers to all ya quest-ions (come on) From A-B to C, best learn your less-ons (-ons...) Cuz I'm so damn serious, it'll leave yo' ass stunned In the back and we packin on all who flex-un Like Redrum, it's bloody and ugly, who want some? Now put your middle fingers up until it's all done (it's all done) Cuz we ain't takin much of nothin but bash-un On all who attempt, intentions we blast-un [Sean Paul] I gut 'em, I roll 'em, I smoke 'em, and I pass 'em I serve 'em, deliver, walk up on 'em and blast 'em I'm strong but my niggaz, I'm takin they cash home Then hit the track and get rid of the whole bomb Cuz I'm serious nigga, you gon' feel this nigga Got a, trunk full of work, how you gon' kill this nigga? My niggaz givin out bricks, we can build this nigga If all fail we can 1-0-5 grill this nigga I'm dead serious [Hook - 2X] [Pastor Troy] S-E-R-I-O (uh-huh) U-S (uh-huh) I'm fresh (c'mon) One of the best (uh-huh) there are a couple (c'mon) We did this song last night, I gave 'em trouble (uh-huh) Jumped in my shuttle (uh-huh) and hauled ass (c'mon) Up 85 (yea) with Daytons (c'mon) You wanna blast (c'mon) come get yo' cannon (c'mon) I bet I'll leave yo' punk-ass, where ya standin (uh-huh) While you were plannin (c'mon) see I had plottin (uh-huh) You saw the smoke hoe, hell yeah I shot it (damn right) I'm bustin rockets screamin, "Die nigga, die!" (die nigga) Dont' fuck with D.S.G.B. or T.I. (c'mon) Do you know why, I don't fuck with nobody? (yeah) The same shit, that fucked up John Gotti (yeah) These niggaz watch me, but they don't wanna fuck with us (yeah) We makin 'em hush, we dead-ass serious! [Hook - 4X] [talking] YEEAH!! It's motherfuckin serious in this motherfucker, knahmtalkinbout I'ma tell y'all niggaz like this here (whassup whassup) If it's too hot for yo' ass (uh-huh) Get the fuck out the motherfuckin kitchen, knamtalkinbout (getcha ass out) The boy Lil' Jon, doin this shit with my nigga T.I.! Ghet-O-Vision, Youngbloodz (Ghet-O-Vison hoe!) That boy Pastor Troy (old Troy) It's serious mayne (serious) This shit motherfuckin serious.. (it serious bitch) In the south niggaz, they get motherfuckin serious (real serious) We out this bitch... holla... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mac Boney Album: Trap Muzik Song: Trap Muzik Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com This a trap This aint no album This aint no game This a trap (trap muzik) [Repeat 8x] [1st Verse] Welcome back to the trap Niggas back in the trap Wit another heavy chevy Big dope boys and trap All you rap niggas role out I trap when it's cold out Whack niggas flyin But I stay down to I'm sold out Cause down a hundred ground Like a rapping in a dope house Man wherever I be The feds got me scoped out Mother fucker let my nuts hang Block out the duc canes Cook it to it bubbles Doulble fast as a mustang I know you think you fuck man But little showty tuff man Been a long time Since a nigg from Alanta Spit this nuts game Thats a very few of real niggas So how could they give nigga The feelin that a real nigga Would get around a real nigga All they do is still niggas ideas And rhythm wit em Holla sumthin similar Talking bout the hood Like they hung in em I got a million rhythms Want em come get em What bitch you pussy nigga I'm just havin fun wit em [chorus repeat 8x] [verse 2] Still telling niggas I aint wholing I aint crolling When the 12 hit the corner I aint brolling I aint rolling Keep the coat stretch out Like Carl Louis Hamstring Stepped on like I'm working With the damn thing Drible baby aint seen What I do to a ounce of doe A whip man on my pager Like I pay you folks To whip somemoore I'm doper than the fluid cellur I flip it all up by myself I give my niggas recipes So they can turn to sumthin else They love to work Thats why I keep em comin Like conlasions plate We flip the cake We move this shit from Georgia Baby state to state Attemadate Niggas in the city Who've been moving weight Nobody loosing weight They fuck with us Cause you've been known to hate Demonstrate The way we turned the trout Out in '98 Sarted out in '95 Started out with nicks and dimes Niggas you done lost your mind Thinking you could set up shop Pimpin I respect the game Lets take this to another block [chorus repeat 8x] [outro talk] [outro verse] Pimp squad Showty still in the trap When I spot a scene hot With the man name Jon And the collad green pot On alot of straight hen And alot of green pot Compation in a range Like he gotta be stop Well maybe I will be But probably not Oh what the blood cloak You try to knock em out and he sock Listen to me I'm serious Thinkin how did he not End up way up On the top of Detroit If come where I was You gotta be pop And if you really want to pop And I rather be dropped Listen pops Want to know a little more About rap Firts rule this is real It aint just a record deal Its a trap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: I Can't Quit Typed by: karmelkittyccsu@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist Huh, hell naw I can't quit... Hell naw man we got too much money to be getting shot up Stay down...Grand Hustle [Verse One] Look, I'm this far from being a star and just that close to quitting I never shoulda came close to missing But I want to be a musician pimping not a politician Listen, feel my position it's a rough transition Plus I'm way too deep in the game to be trying to change For fortune and fame and glamour I can be in the slammer Or six feet up under Atlanta It's a blessing to breathe I walk the streets with seven felonies I'm blessed to be free Long as somebody up in heaven who keep blessing a G T.I.P. will still be blessing CD's So haters you can see these Cause I'm back now with something to prove Everything to gain pimpin nothing to lose I ought to start smacking niggas when it's nothing to do They too big shoot them in the leg and even the odds Cause you ain't hard Unless you ran with Cap and C-Rod Trapped with K.T. and robbed with J.R Fucked hoes with D.P Broke bread with J.G Switched labels like K.P Who the fuck did all that, pimp? Me, even though I'd rather go back to slanging drugs and shit It's a gang of niggas and bitches really love this shit I can't quit Even though polices hate I'm legit And rappers hate it cause they know I'm the shit Hell naw I can't quit Some niggas hating on the money I'm getting Most of them hate it cause I'm fucking they bitches Naw pimpin I can't quit Some niggas hating on the rocks and the rings Some of them hate cause they know I'm the King Hell naw I can't quit People hate it when you better than them They ain't hating start worrying then Aye I'm winning I can't quit [Verse Two] It's been ten years a album and two deals For real we all know I should have sold two mill, at least It's all good though I flow for the streets I do it for y'all Every weekend see who in the mall Still in the trap signing your shirts giving you dap Kicking it with you then get you and your folk in the club Posing for pictures with gulz Give them kisses and hugs Pouring out liquor at shows Passing niggas the dro One of the realest rappers niggas will know But niggas be hating To the point that they be calling the station “Don't play his record” But they respect it cause I'm ready and focused And I see they petty and bogus I want you to know this But most of you know this Niggas in the game ain't real Gotta stay selling records cause the fame ain't shit And fuck the units that they name will sell It'll break your heart to see your favorite rappers lame as hell I can't quit... Even though polices hate I'm legit And rappers hate it cause they know I'm the shit Hell naw I can't quit Some niggas hating on the money I'm getting Most of them hate it cause I'm fucking they bitches Naw pimpin I can't quit Some niggas hating on the rocks and the rings Some of them hate cause they know I'm the King Hell naw I can't quit People hate it when you better than them They ain't hating start worrying then Aye I'm winning I can't quit [Verse Three] Some of the people some of the times pick with rhymes But they may not like one of the lines I'll tell you what I'll let you criticize me one at a time Those of you who think I'm too cocky get in front of the line Whether you don't like my ego or my arrogant flow Don't like that when you say I'm tight I say I already know Don't like how I was talking shit before my album could blow Thinking I need to calm it down be like the average Joe So, fuck you, them thoughts, and that little house you think I'm in Get a Benz I'll value your opinion then Think I give a fuck how many time my record spin Fuck what you recommend I'm back again! (Look pimpin) I can't quit... Even though polices hate I'm legit And rappers hate it cause they know I'm the shit Hell naw I can't quit Some niggas hating on the money I'm getting Most of them hate it cause I'm fucking they bitches Naw pimpin I can't quit Some niggas hating on the rocks and the rings Some of them hate cause they know I'm the King Hell naw I can't quit People hate it when you better than them They ain't hating start worrying then Aye I'm winning I can't quit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album:  Trap Muzik Song:   Be Easy Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Intro] Ay, where the piano at shawty? Y'all ain't neva seen a dope boy play the piano and rap at the same time have you? I'ma show you somethin', dig this.. [Verse 1] I'm 22 and a vet in the game Say I'm, supercoo', still a threat at the same Time, rhyme bout the times I invested in 'caine Pleasure and pain in every aspect of the game I'm the answer to yo prayers if you prayin' for change So, I dare you compare us and say we the same When I'm, climbin' the ladder, they stuck in the same Mindframe, they accomplishments are nothin' to gain Eventually, see I'm outta yo range Except this rose gold glow from my wrist and my chain I entertain young niggaz who slang Like a picture, no frame, see it's simple and plain My shit bang, spit flames, put niggaz to shame Flow so insane, lyrics sick and derranged Now you can't, mention my city unless you mention my name T-I-P-I-M-P, I'm the man Ay be easy - you don't want no trouble with me Just be easy - the drama ain't nothin' to me Ay be easy - before you have problems just breathe Ay be easy - you ain't worth dyin', believe me Just be easy - you don't want yo mama to grieve Be easy - well mind yo bizness, don't bother the G Be easy - swear you stuntin' but you frontin' to me Be easy - behind the scenes or behind yo ? Ay, be easy [Verse 2] ??? kissin' ass when I came to leave Set the standard for Atlanta, rearranged the lead Okay, so what tha fuck is fame to me? I been plottin' since kindergarten, you'z a lame to me I give the niggaz what they came to see A reflection of one self where they aim to be As you can see it ain't no change in me And you won't meet another nigga off the chain as me I'm so fly, no lie, don't deny it, ya feel it So inspired by my style, decided to try it yoself Bet you won't, meet nobody ranked as high as myself The checks you waitin' on, homes, I can sign them myself Tote gats, dro smoked that, now I'm high Seats way back in the Maybach I ride Through the streets of the westside, I slap five And throw dubs, show love, nigga Repeat Chorus [T.I. talking] ("Be easy" in the background) What it iz pimp? T.I.P., Trap Muzik, understand that? Grand Hustle pimp! Ay, whus hattnin' Toomp? Let's ride out homie! What it iz mayne? P$C, Pimp Squad Click, shawty! Uh, uh... A-Town... stay down.. Keep it pimpin', pimpin'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: No More Talk Typed by: Thegodsun7@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] I'm either running for my life or I'm just waiting to die I'm the supplier of the fire if you're chasing a high It's never, when or why, it's the way that he die Did he stand like a man till the day that he die Or was he reaching for guns or trying to run Or was he outside on the lawn in front of his son And if ya, running your mouth you can die in the slum Cuz in the, south where I'm from they dying for crumbs You can die for your Patna's or die for ya moms Or you could die cuz your nigga just heard the alarm, just stealing Or die in a plane they say it's a bomb When they run it into a tower, they just say it's Saddam Screaming Allah the moment that it's hitting the building With total disregard for all men women and children See niggaz get killed when, people mix they money with feelings I'm filling my money up in the wall some in the ceiling I'm just one of the millions of niggaz who ? It's a war going on and they killing for nothing We were in denial all awhile they where flicking the buttons I'd rather be dying for something instead of living for nothing End of discussion Hey, ain't no more talk Just start killing niggaz off till ain't no more chalk Or no mo' tape, to outline no mo' scenes Or no mo' crimes, no mo' dying for no mo' phenes Or no mo' rims and thing's and no mo' green And no mo' chains and ring's that go bling bling And no mo' passionate rapping and so it seems It's just these talent less rappers they all acting And I know, so ain't no mo' talk Just start killing niggaz off till ain't no mo' chalk Or no mo' tape, to outline no mo' scenes Or no mo' crimes, no mo' dying for no mo' phenes Or no mo' rims and thing's and no mo' green And no mo' chains and ring's that go bling bling And no mo' passionate rapping and so it seems It's just these talent less rappers they all acting And I know [Verse 2] Yeah they said it wasn't no mo' green for no mo' grind No mo' room for no mo' kings and no more crown to be given but by no means Am I any more conceited than this game needed And if I say it believe it, I'm running the region, you see it Popping and blowing, I'm stopping I'm going I'm just, telling, you knowing, you sleeping, or hating And I don't care what you niggaz is thinking or saying About, you know who, the one who say you know what, do you know where But you the best cuz you goin' care Now I ain't think so either, but we know greed'll make ya Do strange thang's if we ain't people And if ya, busting bout nothing, than we ain't equal You just cussing for nothing and poisoning people And it's embarrassing laughing at all of your songs And you can hate me right now but you'll miss me 'fore long, when I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Doin My Job Typed by: rhymerator2001@yahoo.ca [T.I. - talking] Ay I'm working here, know what I'm saying Try to put yourself in my shoes for a second Its not personal I'm just sayin though [Verse 1] Ay look From when the moon came out 'till the sun came up I was supplyin the days when where they flame up Our mamas passing, by trying to explain us Pissing in the bushes like they never house trained us But, try to understand thats how we came up You get to know us, you'll love us but you can't change us (naw) Really we rather be rich and famous But in the mean time were forced to slang dust 'Dro or crack cocaine, Penicillin to Rogaine Ecstacy, Viagra, whatever'll get the dough mayne I'm tired of people misrepresenting my domain Oh you think we out here killing for nothing, hustling for no gain (picture that) [Hook] (sample playing in the background) Hey man I'm just doing my job Hey lady, don't mind me I'm just doing my job I don't wanna make your life more harder, I'm just doin my job You live here, I work here I'm doing my job [Verse 2] I don't know if you don't know, don't care or can't see Every time something up in the hood, it ain't me And I ain't always up to no good and know the crease And we ain't always gotta pass through the hood without speaking (how you doing) We ain't out here threatining your lives, raping your children We just out here staying alive, making a million (you know) Working hard, trying to survive chasing a mill-ion You hear us talking loud, just think of us as chameleons  Adapting to situations, but accusations of stealing and burglarizing your house, I mean you just hurting my feelings We got lives, we wanna live nice too We got moms, dads, wives, kids just like you But our options are few, it's hell in high school When your helping with the rent lights and the gas bill too So before you go judging us loving us won't hurt When you're under 25, staying alive's hard work [Hook] [Verse 3] And for you to see what I'm saying, open eyes will help If you could think about somebody besides yourself Why you pointing fingers at me, analyze yourself Quit all that chastising and try to provide some help Instead of calling the law and busting my balls With all due respect, we don't even be fucking with y'all (maan) And we can't help it cause it is like this We don't like it no more than you that we live like this Always stuck in the grind, summertime to wintertime Cutting school to sell fifty dimes by dinner time See everything we know we learned from the streets Since thirteen I've been hustling and earning my keep [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jazze Pha Album:  Trap Muzik Song:   Let's Get Away Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Chorus] (T.I.) [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you (Was you thinkin' of me, ay, ay...) [Girl] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down (Whachu would do?) Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you [Verse 1] Bet they be like "I know he tired of the nightlife He want a wife, he just lookin' for the right type" Yea right, I be ridin' through the city lights My hat bent, gettin' high behind the 'lac tint I'm chilllin' with Brazilian women, heavy accents They black friends translatin', got'em all ass naked, adjacent Have relations wit'em many places Leavin' semen in they British faces Make'em kiss they partners with it in they faces Young pimpin' sprung women 'cross the 50 states Got young ladies requestin' "What's Yo Name" on 50 stations Askin' me what's a pussy popper, want a demonstration But I ain't waitin' til the second date, I'm so impatient Relieve'em of they aggravation, take'em rollerskatin' On them Dayton's, tell'em "Baby, stick with me, you goin' places" Go replace'em, draw erase'em out my memory Moist panties and wet sheets when they think of me [Chorus] (T.I.) [Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you (Was you thinkin' of me? Ay, sing it for me, pimpin') [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down (Tell'em shawty) Yea baby, I was feenin' for you [Verse 2] Yo, yo... uh.. From Miami to Cali, from Vegas to Jersey Got'em in Houston, Virginia, New Orleans, ya heard me? All the classy ones like to act like they a virgin And the nasty ones like when I talk to'em dirty But I'm breakin' the ice, got'em laughin' and flirtin' They be, removin' they skirts when they hop in the 'burban Once the flick start playin' and the E start kickin' in Her girlfriend lickin' and she beggin' me to stick it in That's why, I like chillin' with women who like women Lightskinned... Asians, Jamaicans and white women Indians, Italians, Haitians and Puerto Ricans They be itchin' for they chance and waitin' in me to freak'em They say.. [Chorus] (T.I.) [Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you (Was you thinkin' of me? Ay, tell'em for me, pimpin') [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down (Ay, listen to me) Yea baby, I was feenin' for you (Was you thinkin' of me?) [Verse 3] Excuse me shawty, but I been watchin' you now for a while Yo whole style, from yo toes to the way that you smile And I hope you ain't offended by the way that this sounds But uhh... all I keep thinkin' bout is layin' you down And I'm, keepin' it pimpin', I ain't playin' around Ain't got that kinda time cuz this the only day I'm in town So come and, chill in the cut if you willin' to cut And when you, give me a hug I be feelin' yo butt Now so while for while we talkin', I'm fillin' yo cup We killin' the bottle, wake up in dirty linen tomorrow But tell me would it trouble you if we ended up at the W- Sippin' on a malibu pine apple juice and a blunt or two Now whachu wanna do? Opportunity's right in front of you Know you used to meetin' dudes, dodgin'em for a month or two But young pimpin' spit linen to the young women I'm T.I.P., known as pussy popper to some women [Chorus] (T.I.) [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you (Was you thinkin' of me... ay, ay...) [Girl] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you (Oh yea... c'mon, tell'em) [Girl] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you (Shit I'm on my way) [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down Yea baby, I was feenin' for you [Jazze Pha talking] Whoa whoa whoa.. Ladies and gentlemen This... is a Jazze Phizzle, T.I. collaborangelle.. King of the south! Oh boy! Jazze Phizzle, T.I., Grand Hustle daddy! So smooth... futuristic.. Pimps up daddy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: 24's Typed by: cusualsuspectc84@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 2X] Money, hoes, cars and clothes That's how all my niggaz know Blowin dro, twenty-fo' That's how all my niggaz roll [T.I.] In a drop top chevy with the roof wide open My partners looking at me to see if my eyes open Cause I've been drankin, and I've been smokin Flying down 285 but I'm focused Four fifty four's, I race Porsches White leather seats, as fresh as Air Forces Doing bout a hundred but the track still bumping Number 8 on N.W.A., "Straight Outta Compton" Pull up at your apartment sitting on 20 somethings And the dope boys hollin "what's hapnin", kid runnin in The clicks start dancin and the broads start choosin And the cars been parked but the rims keep movin Sign pictures by the hundred, to the youngins in the hood Cause I ain't hollywood, I come from the hood I'm used to it, if your rear view shaking and your seats vibrating 24 inch Daytons got the Chevrolet shaking [T.I.] I'll make a mill' and I'm satisfied, I'll get the rest Underaged civilian in the tigthest ride, I want the best I refuse to get a 9 to 5, I'm a flip my ki's Been payin my dues since eighty-nine, trying to get my cheese Diamonds gleam when I'm on the scene, they know its me Ain't no dream or no fantasy (biitch) it's T-I-P Brought busting, like a baby do a blanket Five karat VVS's on my motherfucking pinkie Half of Hennessy and Belvedere What we dranking, pimp squad send for broads What the hell you niggaz thinkin Young nigga spendin weekends on the islands in the fall 24 inch rim shining when I'm riding cause I'm ballin I'm calling out shots like a pool shark My tools spark in the dark when I fool marks Y'all fools hearts in the wrong place at the wrong time I got a strong mind to grab my chrome nine And shoot at your ass for a long time But I'm a get that ass hauled off, fuck around with the click they'll be lookin for your dick wit a stick Nigga y'all soft, so y'all lost, cause I'ma ball at all costs Spit game at a dame, make her ride on this thang 'til she falls off and sucks balls off, I got the [T.I.] I'm not boucing little shorty, I'm relaxing right now I probably still be trappin if I wasnt rapping right now Bragging about pistols at the house, I want 'em strapped right now Keep on talkin folk, I'll lay you on your back right now Want ta act right now, get smacked right now I'm a buck a motherfucker, I don't know to back down Clown down here fakin, frontin Talkin bout what you makin - nothin I'm 21 and 10 years deep, that shit to me ain't nothin I'm raised by the niggaz gettin head from the jays Lose your leg when I spray, end up dead from the 'K Stay ready for the raid, paid heavy from the yae I told my class to kiss my ass, I smoke 11 everyday (54th Platoon sample) [Chorus] - (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Rubber Band Man Typed by: Yo_Wifey@hotmail.com Ay, who I'm is? Rubber band man Wild as the Taliban 9 in my right, 45 in my other hand Who I'm is? Call me trouble man, always in trouble man Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man [Verse 1] Rubber band man, like a one man band Treat these niggaz like the Apollo, and I'm the sandman Tote a hundred grand canon in the waistband Look'n fo' a sweet lick? well this is the wrong place man Seven tyme felon, what I care 'bout a case man? I'm campaignin' to bury the hate, so say yo' grace man Ay, I don't talk behind a nigga back, I say it in his face I'm a thoroughbred nigga, I don't fake and I don't hate Check my resume nigga, my record's impeccable Anywhere in the A nigga how TIP is highly respectable And the M-I-A nigga I'm tryna keep it professional 'Cause all this tongue rastling finna have me snap'n, I'm tell'n you From the bottom of the Duval, Cakalacky to New York And everybody show'n me love that's one to you all Yeah, to all my Florida niggaz, my Cakalacky niggaz, my LA niggaz [Chorus 2x] [Verse 2] Call me trouble man, stay'd in some trouble man Some niggaz still hate'n on shawty so, they some suckas man Got a couple fans that love to do nothing other than Lick, suck, show no 'spect, but still I love 'em man Dig it, lil' pimpin' got the mind and the muscle Stay down on his grind put the crown on the hustle Ay, I could show ya how to juggle anything and make it double Weed, blow, reel estate, liquor sto' wit' no trouble Young Cassius clay of my day Marvin gaye of my tyme  Tryna stay alive, live'n how I say in my rhymes My cousin used to tell me, take this shyt a day at a tyme And told me Friday died, Sunday we a day in the ground I still smile 'cause somehow I know he see'n me now And so I'm doing all my shows just like he in the crowd Ay, throw ya lightas up for my cousin Toot, (Rest In Peace) Aaliyah, Left Eye and Jam Master Jay. [Chorus 2x] [Verse 3] Grand hustle man mo' hustles than hustle man But why the rubber band? it representin' the struggle man My folk gon' trap, until they come up wit' another plan Stack and crumble bread to get theyself off they momma land Gangstas who been servin, since you was do'n the run'n man Went down, did 10, back 'round and rich again That's why I'm young wit' the soul of a ole man I'm shell shocked, get shot slow ya roll man Still ryde around with the glock on patrol man I ain't robbing, I'm just lookin for that dro' man For ma niggaz slangin blow, pimpin' hoes Rollin vogues, 24's Let these other niggaz know [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Look What I Got Typed by: mashun02@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [ad lib] Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay You think them niggaz is hot Well shawty look what I got (nigga look what I got) You think I'm lying nigga Look what I got Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay Shawty look what I got Ay, pimpin look what I got Look what I got My nigga look what I got [Verse One] Big wheels still spin when I stop Presidential roll, gold rolex watch With no rocks I save them for the pinky Keep you niggaz blinkin' He ain't wearin' platinum, Naw But I keep you niggaz thinking Mink seats sure to keep a nigga sinkin' Swear he ain't slangin' But I know that nigga creepin' Got a condo, in Orlando For the weekend Homes be so crunk in the club We gotta sneak in No more room in the V.I.P They payin' just to peek in When they leave They be lookin in a car They can't even see in And that's just the Be-gin-ning In the city that he in He was rappin' in the cafeteria But now that nigga serious Heard he got a CL, a EXT on Spreewells Several Chevy's on 24's (Hold up), “how many records he sell?” Man I don't know But he got a label now Them boys, the PSC (hell) I heard Atlantic gave 'em a deal for 2 or 3 mill. (ay, shawty) (for real nigga?) [chorus] Look what I got A old school, a truck and a drop So next time you think them niggaz is hot Shawty, look what I got The respect of the niggaz and G's So next time you say them niggaz is G's You probably lookin' at me A what, we ballin' Bought the bar for the broads So next time you think them niggaz is hard Shawty, look at the squad I'm buyin' yachts, have the streets on lock So next time you think yo' peeps on top Pimpin, look what I got [Verse Two] I'm well known in the hood Like the dope man phone number Roll anything I can throw some 24's under Nigga talk bad 'bout the man But I shole wonder Why the dope boys fuck with 'em And the hoes love 'em Very little promotions on this album Never heard of 'em But it's jammin' like the fuck Was jumpin' out the stores 'cause I was born in the raid and I'm made in the streets I done played in the days In the shade in the streets I say I rapped in the trap With the best in the streets Shot craps in the back You know the rest, nigga please You doin' business with me You best invest in some skills I sell slopes of snow I don't fuck with little blow nigga Got 80 k's, it's gone take a little more (to what?) To double up and bring it back And make a little more (You movin' slow) And movin slow, now what you take a nigga for? I'ma cock hammers and 44's And nail yo ass to the floor And I ain't braggin', I'm just letting niggaz know 'cause the media and radio can get a nigga so Fucked up Comparin' me to these niggaz little flow I do a song Fuck up they whole little show (so shawty) [chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: I Still Luv You Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Chorus] 2X Don't hate me shawty But even if you hate me shawty I still love you And now I only wish that you could See that my intentions were good I still love you [Verse 1] Forgave me once, forgave me twice, forgave me three times I stayed lyin', you stayed down in the meantime Had my son and turned around and had another one I broke yo heart when I told you bout the other one I stay in trouble ha? Ain't got too much to loose Knew I could loose it all but never thought of losin' you Eleven years ago I still regret me choosin' you Meetin' you, pursuin' you and doin' you in '92 You fixed plates, showed yo face at every courtdate And all you wanted me to do was call when I was out late How could I let you go? I thought I knew it all When you deserved the best and more, you been through it all You think I sold yo dreams, but what I say I mean Just take it to consideration, I was 17 I'm still the same man, just had a change of plan Never ask you back and fuck a wedding band But I still love you Repeat Chorus 1 w/ ad libs [Verse 2] Went from resentin' you, hatin' you, now I'm missin' you On the realest shit I ever dropped, dissin' pops I never even thought, to ask my mom what happened Just knew that you was livin' in Manhattan and I was trappin' We never had a chance, we was in different states But all forgiven, you was human and we make mistakes You tried to make it up, but shit, you couldn't pay enough You sent me tons of toys and clothes thinkin' you gave enough But it wasn't though, and you wasn't there That's all I knew, so I grew up thinkin' you ain't care I know it wasn't fair, but ay, it wasn't fun But now what's done is done, no matter wha, I'm still yo son I could care less if none of yo other children come I'ma be right there prayin' you live to be a million one Finally I understand, hustlin', livin' fast Tryin' to get the cash and settle down and be a dad You probably never knew, cuz hey, I never said it But pops, I'm just like you, I'm stubborn and I'm hardheaded But now you dead in the ground, no meanin' tellin' you now But all I wanted was for you to be proud I still love you Don't hate me shawty If I ain't told you lately shawty I still love you Now I only wish that I could See that yo intentions were good I still love you Don't hate me shawty Please don't hate me shawty Ay, I still love you And now I only wish that I could See that yo intentions were good (Watch yo boy, shawty) [Verse 3] How could I criticize my daddy on that last verse Lookin' at my own dirt, you got some nerve But be that as it may, I got some shit to say It's been a secret, I can't keep it for another day I got a lil' girl, not just two lil' boys And that's been killin' me inside, eatin' me alive And I can't find the words, nor the nouns or verbs To express whachu deserve, girl you worth the world But I'm a man and I ain't perfect, if you hear me now I'll tell you wha had happened, when, why, where and how Me and yo mama met, we kinda kicked it off But we wasn't 'posed to have a baby, we just chillin' out We had a lot in common, almost the same signs Same goals, said thangs at the same time But then we destroyed the situation like the a changed mind How could I look her in her eyes and holla "Dat ain't mine" Her stomach gettin' bigger, and time is gettin' close Six, seven, eight, nine months and I ain't told mah folks Not just messiah mama, hell, I had told yo granny Three kids in two years, baby, daddy panicked But I ain't ashamed of you, I'm more ashamed of me It's not at all yo fault, you'd be better off blamin' me But now I realize, where the problem lies Forgive me babygirl, I apologize And I still love you [Chorus] 2X Don't hate me shawty Please don't hate me shawty Cuz I still love you Now I only wish that you could See that my intentions were good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Let Me Tell You Something Typed by: rhymerator2001@yahoo.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] (T.I.) Want to be your man, please...tell you why (I know what y'all thinking) Doop doop doop doop doop doop (First he can't be my man, now he want to be my man) (I wish this nigga make his mind up) Can't live my life...tell you why (All my niggaz man we gonna have be 21 bout this shit you know) Oh baby, oh baby (We gonna step out the track for one sec, one sec) [Verse 1] Now what I got to say, seal with a kiss Know I can't be your man why I feel like this What I need with a woman when I live like this Different chicks running in and out the crib like this Maybe five, maybe six, seven, eight'll be enough Plus the twins make ten but for you I give it up Set times to the side just for us to live it up Walking out a rav farm, purple label linen ??? It's hard for me to discuss what I had vision for us Lots of trust, and a crib worth a couple million plus So what if I got a pass, labelled a dirt bag By the minute, hearts I broken and women I hurt bad Might I add Christian Dior and fur jackets A part of the pack, but still far from a marriage It's easy to lose balance when hearts just start carin With the attractions apparent, its hard to stop starin [Hook] Hey baby let me tell you sumthin, come here I need to tell you sumthin (Tell you why) Hey shorty let me tell you sumthin, wanna talk need to tell you sumthin (doop doop doop doop doop doop doop) Lil mama let me tell you sumthin, I wanna tell you sumthin (Cant live my life...without you) Hey baby let me tell you sumthin, Shorty I've been meanin to tell you sumthin (Oh baby, oh baby) [Verse 2] If I can get a little bit of your time, shorty I got some shit I want to get out my mind, and I know You get enough of niggaz hollerin ya fine (hey ask...ask ya friend man, man I got this) Introductions seem to bug you, them partnas of mine My bad, I know you think I'm probably lyin Then imma stop to conversate, relates all of ya time...man Look, but half of that shit is all in ya mind Say you should follow your heart and I'm follow my mind But anyway, when I see yo' face Im thinking three or four days in Montego Bay At the Half Moon, but I know she gon' say I already have too many hoes, I know But if I had you, all the dough I'd blow On eleven karat pink stones trillion row I wanna be the reason why you showing ya teeth Without a worry in the world when you rollig with me [Hook] {*Roger Troutman's - "I Want To Be Your Man" plays*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: T.I. vs. T.I.P Typed by: Vashstarwind@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Rap Verse: T.I.] + (T.I.P. alter ego) I wanna talk to you shawty (Why?) 'Cause you be trippin' sometimes (Man I'm just trying stay true to what I say in my rhymes) It ain't a doubt in my mind, but you got a lot on the line You need to think 'bout yo' actions (Why?) You be overreactin' (Maaaan) Look at Cap and K.T. listen to K.P. (What about 'em; where the fuck this shit come from?) Or to a J.G. to your mama or D.P Or somebody shawty shit you be makin' me sick (Nigga fuck you!) You'd be a motherfuckin' fool if you blow this lick (Alright alright) This the chance of a lifetime, you know this shit Remember what Jarmel told us "stay focused Tip" (I remember nigga) (Man but they be tryin' me shawty) Niggaz be tryin' you how? Ay let them tell it, you was just another guy in the crowd (Naw, but they be talkin' too loud) Man you be listenin' too hard Just pay these niggaz no attention and keep fuckin' they broads (Alright) I know you harder than these niggaz (Yeah) and smarter than these niggaz (Yeah) More heart than these niggaz (Yeah) Quit worryin' 'bout thses niggaz (Ay man fuck these niggaz I'm from Bankhead and I don't know where you stayed at) (But talkin' sideways behind my back, I never played that) (Since you become a payed cat T.I. you been so layed back) (I wonder where lil' bad ass Tip from back in the day at) Man that nigga had to stay back there so we could be that Nigga on TV and FYI we got the P back Hold up shawty freeze Jack (What?) "Lame" I'll never be that (Yeah OK) Changed my name a thousand times and still a G believe that (Oh yeah good we go Ki's) (That nigga from overseas back) You see what I be sayin' 'bout this nigga (What man? Shit) I don't believe that You ain't listenin' is ya? You got issues I got kids, 2 boys a lil' girl (Ay I know nigga they my kids too) You know it's one false move and it's back to the big house The judge told our ass "one more time" and we ain't gettin' out (I wouldn't say that) Be thinkin' 'bout standin' outside in the sunshine (Ho) Watchin' nigga's heads get buck for cuttin' the lunchline Ay shawty you ain't 'posed to make the same mistake more than one time (And I ain't made the same mistake twice since uh '99) Please, boy stop don't get me started folk it's not the time And let's just do this shit my way get paid and have a lot of time Plenty fine bitches, who gon' pull shawty you is? (Man you know Tip got the hoes) And Tip hoes got gold teeth (What that mean? What you tryna say nigga?) Mine got jobs, good credit and they own features (And mine boost clothes, sell 'dro, got the blow cheap) (I guess it's just depend on what ya like folk) That's right folk (And I was just kiddin' 'bout them kites folk) Heh, alright folk (I'm really glad we had a chance to sit it down and rap a tad) (I admit you had a couple points, sometimes I act a ass) Ay but it is so important to keep it real though just like ya said No record deal, no amount of mil' shall go to my head (And with that said can't nobody tell us shit, so fuck the hatin') How many niggaz real enough to stand and give theyself a straightenin'? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Bun B, Eightball & MJG Album: Trap Muzik Song: Bezzle Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com, MTT5989@aol.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch [T.I.] I came up bumping Eazy-E, Cube, and Dre (Scarface, OutKast what's happening niggaz) Eightball MJG UGK They raised me like santa raised cee I always made the money, money never made me Break me what this bitch you crazy You seen with the freaks don't think she never paid me Pimpin get a bitch, break a bitch, hit a bitch, shake a bitch Spit game till I make this shit turn these tricks and get me rich Lick his ass suck my dick bring me back my niggaz quick Who you think you fucking with I'm serious about this pimpin shit All the niggaz I kick it with looking for a richer bitch Get this bitch to take this trick for pounds of weed bricks and shit Broke bitch you get your shit Before I get another bitch who could fix your shit My pimp to strong I ain't with your shit You going to make me split your shit Two things I ain't seen is this you a fony bitch I can't get Eyes on the ride yeah right shut the fuck...... [Chorus] ad libs (T.I.) Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch [MJG] Whole mack load it up hard as fine blow it up M-J-G I know you hoes and been exposed enough I cross a tree over bag a bitch in a toaster oven Slam dunk in pimpin and her sister if she close enough [Eightball] Look over hear open up the door and let it cook in hear Grab the mic a watch these niggaz tuck there tail and look in fear As I bust around with no shells inside in myself Lyrics like a conseled weapon sending you bitches straight to hell [MJG] Burning up just like in waco texas Heating up your neckless Scorching up your afro the devil coming at your Ass any hard one for niggaz who really want it M-J- fucking G with pussy and titties on it [Eightball] Them bitches love when they see pimping come up in it 24 inches under somethin smoking tinted Hustle hard for keep it cause I love to spend it Pimping love is when your style is when you love to hit it [Chorus] ad libs (T.I.) [Bun B] I came a long way from a posta posta Till I kosta nostra kept the toaster closer than I'm supposed to well I poast ya procha Ride like a roller coaster Pistol whip you hold ya throat then choke you like a croacha croacha rocha pull out a light and smoke you(damn) Pull my coat off I blessed man just streesed man Just still elementary just a glance couldn't learn it is hurting my chances Pack pistols just to blast it(blast it) I put it to second guessers I blast it it just to prove it(prove it) Mother fuckers get a moving(moving) I born into hustling I grew up tustlin Gave my muscle in and got into meeting my frail but hell I put my trust in My left and right hand grinding threw the night And I keep my family right and see some paper like a white man Balling in the ninth(and) we holding in the light(and) sippin on worthless sprite and you can call it what you like I call what the fuck I feel play the courts that fucking peel But we ain't sleeping till they free and pimping here that's the fucking drill [Chorus] to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Kingofdasouth Typed by: mashun02@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One] I been a menace to society Since when? Since menace to society Still refused to become a legitimate citizen quietly Felt like my labor hidin' me But here I am anyway I might be back to slangin' grams any day And if this record flop Well I'll be--back Wit' a bomb of heart Wit' C-Rod and the squad This whole industry's a façade Man this ain't real life Half these rappers don't know what sacrifice feel like Man these niggaz is all hype Not even rappin' on real mics They just get high and say whatever the fuck they feel like They make me feel like bustin' these niggaz one at a time And I'm still outbustin' these niggaz Hoe pick a rhyme Ay, what these other niggaz talkin' I don't believe that shit I'm the king 'cause I said it And I mean that shit Ay, what's so special 'bout him Ay, he ain't all that shit I set the city in fire Have you seen that shit? Ay, what these other niggaz talkin' I don't believe that shit I'm the king 'cause I said it And I mean that shit Ay, what's the big deal about him? He ain't even that shit I set the city on fire Have you seen that shit? [Verse Two] It's only five rappers outta Atlanta who bustin' And I'm one of 'em The other four, you know who you are But if you gotta think twice Well shawty you ain't nice Regardless of your publishing deal You can't write I'm the best thing left blowin' breath on the mic The king of the south Nothin' else will suffice You wanna bet? Well put yo' budget up Match the price Me and you like putting matches to ice You won't make it Before I had a deal I was still butt naked God signed this, like keeping' the Lord's promise The truth nigga Like Beenie's first LP You can do a song with N'Sync And couldn't outsell me I'm a legend in my own time A prophet in my own rhymes A king wit' a concubine Niggaz like you, a dime a dozen They come and go So why I'm runnin' now And I ain't never run before Grab choppers, cock 'em and blow Stoppin' the show Bet or owe 'em, droppin' the hoes You just keep watchin' the door Pop 'em, watch 'em drop to the floor Fluff his pockets and go Put a quarter block on his nose And a glock in his clothes He can keep his watches and gold For his momma to hold She'll be there buyin' the hoes Before the drama unfolds They know shawty outta control Got me hot as a stove Puttin' holes in yo' Girbaud Wettin' up yo' polos 44's and Callico's a black and a chrome lettin' loose and splackin' your dome hoppin' back in the Brougham known for kickin' in yo' door wavin' gats in yo' home clearin' it out I'm sorry I ain't hearin' you out You hearin' about The squad pumpin' Fe in your heart Because you know sacrifice Was near and dear to your heart (talking) Ay, my niggaz Y'all already know what it is T-I-P, Grand Hustle, Pimp Squad For life nigga Sanchez on the beat, dig this man I'ma keep it always pimpin' I'm stayin' down Y'all niggaz gone send yo' demos in Get cha little motherfuckin' deal Go sell records Nigga I got houses, I got blow, I got dro Nigga I got hoes, nigga I got property nigga What you wanna do nigga? Fuck y'all niggaz Come see about me if you don't like it King of da God damn south Rubberband man in this bitch Uh, oh, oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album:  Trap Muzik Song:   Be Better Than Me Typed by: Thugmisses5000@yahoo.com [Intro] Huh Ok, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh Ay, Ok, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ok Come on Repeat [Verse 1] I never know whether I'm livin fo tomorrow or dyin fo today But either way I'm tryna move a hundred dymes in a day They sat that crime don't pay, but I'm gone stay on the grind in the A Wit the same ole j's I know the lames gone say that I done changed no way  I'm in the gutta everyday tryna slang mo ya In the middle of the trap, we hang the dro blaze Niggaz in the trap ain't changed in 4 dayz Waitin on a page dat sayin the blow came Instead of us just finding mo ways to get paid Anyway, in the fire, I done been there homey Niggaz ball, niggaz die and ain't shit fair homey Dem crackers give ya some time and get to sit there homey My niggaz dyin, I'll see ya when I get there homey Ay, Born alone, die alone in life But right or wrong, folk it's on fo life Just be betta than me Shawty, the streets ain't the place to be  I'm telling you cuz it's to late fo me Ay be betta than me Crack a slug nuttin betta to see then young niggaz wit a felony sheet So be betta than me I know ya mamma waitin faithfully on her baby to graduate ya see You way betta than me Betta than us, betta than this, take a chance nigga change some shit You could be betta than me [Verse 2] Ay, its rules in the game son, learn it young When dez hatas speak yo name man burn dey tongue Neva be ashamed of how ya live or where ya from You stack a mill, niggaz will see how far you come Without a gun, you got somethin'll make 'em bar you son That's a million dollar mind, why, dez niggaz is dumb Yea they gon get outta line, but dez niggaz is scum They outta sight and outta mind ‘til you visit the slum, stay down Stay on the grind and yo digits'll come, bottom line You gotta shine no matta what you become Dez streets is 40 percent of yo mind and 5 percent muscle 10 struggle, 10 time, and 35 percent hustle And trust if dey don't burry the scared, dey burry the dead When anticipatin pistol play, be very prepared And if you ain't, find somewhere to burry yo head Because them hot ones from the choppas tear ya body to shreds I said Shawty, the streets ain't the place to be  I'm telling you cuz it's to late fo me Ay be betta than me Crack a slug nuttin betta to see then young niggaz wit a felony sheet So be betta than me I know ya mamma waitin faithfully on her baby to graduate ya see You way betta than me Betta than us, betta than this, take a chance nigga change some shit You could be betta than me [Verse 3] In a broke down Cadillac, ridin' high Not many trusts in this life either shine or die Ima live one of two ways, either grind or cry And Ima grind it out, even if I'm dyin it out Ain't got no mo than me, so what the fuck you lyin about That man right there, but ain't gon be when dey start findin out That that bullshit you be talkin ain't the real deal That ain't you blow, them ain't yo cars so how you really live See what you need to do is take a chilly-willy pill Go and chill yo ass out, fo dey deal yo ass out A bad hand from a mad man, in a mad clan All dem otha niggaz take a fall you gon take the last stand Gnawed in, sawed in, how everybody ball when everybody else is all in you don't know where to fall in? Need some Flaw Henn, I'm telling you shawty and don't be buyin none of dat bullshit sellin you shawty And all that otha shit they talkin is irrelevant shawty Tell 'em, show you the papa, fo dey show you the cable You see a whole different nigga when you open dem drables follow hatas nuttin holy can saves us Shawty be betta than me Shawty, the streets ain't the place to be  I'm telling you cuz it's to late fo me Ay be betta than me Crack a slug nuttin betta to see then young niggaz wit a felony sheet So be betta than me I know ya mamma waitin faithfully on her baby to graduate ya see You way betta than me Betta than us, betta than this, take a chance nigga change some shit You could be betta than me (Repeat 1) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trap Muzik Song: Long Live Da Game Typed by: Thugmisses5000@yahoo.com YEA.. Dis for all my niggaz who think dey hard.. [laughing] You wanna know whats hard(whats hard pimp?) Goin about yo day nigga losin yo life at the end of it Now dats whats hard...(MINDING MY MUTHAFUCKING BUSINESS) Let me tell yall bout the last day I lived nigga [Verse] I'm in the 96 Impala with the gat in my lap Annihilating any nigga tryin to work in my trap Now see the feds got me tap'd So to keep 'em off of my bac I got a crib in the trap and a crib to relax Now my indictment was a secret and thats the way that they keep it If I aint have a hoe givin head to the feds Comin bac tellin me exactly what they said  I'm a dead man walkin.. Waitin on time in jail But I'll die before I let 'em stop my mail Long as I got another ounce to sell What the hell I'ma bail? a grap my scale Get another key and I'ma slang my yayo Niggaz on the westside cant re-up becuz its a drought So I check the crack house.. DAMN it sold out So back to the crib so I can check this stash Aint sure about how much dope I had Got a couple keyz in the safe right now Weigh it up cook it up then chop it down Now I'm ready to go and pick up my fetti But before I leave the house I cant dip without grabbin my G'z And my keyz to my brand new V put 'em in pocket with the gat to see Niggaz pleeze nigga you holla bout freeze Put this red dot to ya ass and squeeze Now I'm dippin bac to the swats With the 4-4 and a plastic glock Turned around and I had to stop Couldnt trap swarn it wuz cops Standin there and I still aint scared Mac Boney nem must have fled Only cops is I fear is the feds On my car flashin blue and red Damn there dey go now its time to dip Got the 4-4 right my hip 9 millimeter wit a extra clip Dats what yall niggaz get fuckin round wit TIP Bustin at 'em N cussin at 'em but aint no shakin 'em Them bullets dat they wuz bustin at me my vest wuz takin 'em Makin dem pigs fall in pain Turned around cuz one call my name Took a hot one to the brain Yea I died but LONG LIVE THA GAME.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Tha King Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro] And in case you forgot, I'm the king Yea, Yea,.....Aye, Aye, Aye,..Aye Who I'm is nigga (I'm the king) T.I.P., Atlanta's own king of the south shawty (I'm the king) Yea, Yea, Yeah..Better keep my name out ya mouth shawty (I'm the king) Yeah, PSC nigga, Aye, Aye [Verse 1] All hail Atlanta's own, owner of Atlanta's throne If he ain't want no trouble he just should've left the man alone It's been seen, shown and evident Atlanta's known The king's been the one representing all of Atlanta's zones Back when niggas been representing Atlanta wrong Every shot he got, he put the hoods of Atlanta on The big screen, then hit every trap and traveled on Past, present to Texas to Alabama strong Down in Miami, up to Louisiana homes, From the Carolina's, Virginia, to David Banner's home I'm well connected haters, best to mind ya manners homes I got a nickel-plated 38, but hey the hammer chrome And it shine like ya should set the phatom on In it see me riding, getting blown like a saxphone Hey shawty spitting shit it takes to put a candle on If I ain't on ya tube dude, you must got ya channel wrong I'm the king of the south, theres is none flyer Sucker MC's outta call me sire, ya songs OK, but I'm on fire 24 inches on my rims and tires I'm the king of the south, there is none flyer Sucker MC's outta call me sire, you was on top But I pass right by ya, I will not stop, I won't retire [Verse 2] I came, I saw, I conquered (OK) with no big names No fame, no celebrity sponsors Just the game and a flow that was bonkers Nigga front if ya wanna, I dead niggas like the bitches from "Monster" Now you been told, so don't say I ain't warn ya and don't Let it alarm ya, when ya leaking, and the reapers upon ya See dopeman and I'm creeping upon ya, say that I ain't the king But you just sour, you ain't think of it aren't ya All the hating, is no time to respond to, I miss trying to conjure up A way to get experience and launder, hey I thought ya record company Con ya in to signing a deal shy of a mill cause they really ain't want ya Moving yay, it's safe to say that they own ta ya So it's time to move on to real estate, and get cake selling bigger stakes I'm king of the south now, but theres fifty states Cause I'm gonna spread out and I'll eliminate who in the way I'm 24 today, give to I'm 28 I'll be ruler of all that I survey and not just in the state See I bend just to win, but I ain't finna break Most you niggas fake, and I'll say it in ya face The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album:  Urban Legend Song:   Motivation Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Better get on yo job, tell'em, haters get on yo job, nigga (Motivation) Nigga, get on yo job, tell'em, haters get on yo job, nigga (Motivation) Haters better get on yo job, tell'em, haters get on yo job, nigga (It's motivation) Sucka nigga, get on yo job, if ya, hatin' get on yo job, nigga [Verse 1] You can look me in my eyes, see I'm ready for whatever Anythang don't kill me, make me better I ain't dead nigga, you can take the fame and the chedda And the game, any deal, I'm still a go-getter Take my freedom for the moment but it ain't fo-ever I got the spirit of a god, heart of a dope dealer I'm a king, seen hangin' with some cold killas I ain't never back down or ran from no nigga I ain't sat down yet, pimp, standin' gorilla Even if I'ma all alone or standin' with four niggaz Tell'em jump, pimpin' it don't get no realer 5'9" with the soul of a 6'4" nigga I separated the fakes, paralized from the waist down From the real stand up guys of the A-Town Can't even look me in my eyes, put yo face down I'm outta jail nigga, whachu gotta say now? Motivation Niggaz fakin' only gonna inspire (Motivation) All yo hatin' in fuel to my fire (It's motivation) Niggaz plottin' on the crown ??? (It's motivation) Hey but I ain't slowin' down and I ain't stoppin' (Motivation) Now nigga don't stop my show (Motivation) You ain't know I don't stop, I go (It's motivation) Sucka niggaz can't make me suffer Just make me stronger and make me tougher (It's motivation) [Verse 2] To be locked in a box niggaz happy to see Put anybody on top, any rapper but T, I, P But back to reality G, ??? still carryin' me, nigga I run this Spread yo rumours, kick all yo lil' dumb shit Tell lies, laugh 'bout the time that I'm gon get If it make you feel better, picture me over and done with Punk bitch, come with all the gossip you can come with Small thang to a giant, I can overcome this Jail, I don' done this, rap I'm just havin' fun with I could be a local joker, never have one hit Nigga, "New Finish" alone'll get me dumb rich While these rappers sellin' records gettin' pennies If Grand Hustle sell any, I'ma get plenty If God with me, who could be against me sucka? Can't make me suffer, just make me tougher [Chorus] - repeat Repeat [Hook] [Chorus] - repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: You Don't Know Me Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] I'ma tell y'all sucka niggaz somethin'.. First of all nigga, look'a here dawg.. You mighta seen me in the streets but nigga, you don't know me When you holla when you speak, remember you don't know me Save all the hatin' and the poppin', nigga you don't know me Quit tellin' niggaz you my partna, nigga you don't know me Don't be a groupie, keep it movin', nigga you don't know me Hey I ain't trippin' pimp, the truth is really, you don't know me Yeah, you know they call me T.I., but you don't know me You be hatin' and I see why, cuz you don't know me [Verse 1] I think it's time I made a song for niggaz who don't know me I graduated out the streets, I'ma real O.G I been trappin', shootin' pistols since I stood four feet So all you niggaz actin' bad, you gon have to show me You gon make me bring this Chevy to a real slow creep My niggaz hangin' out the window, mouth fulla gold teeth When the guns start poppin' wonder when it's gone cease Choppa hit you in the side and create a slow leak We can end the speculation cuz today we gone see What's the future of a pussy nigga hatin' on me I give a fuck about the FED's investigation on me I don't care that they at my shows and they waitin' on me I'ma keep on flossin', poppin' long as Toomp is on the beat Tell police's I ain't stoppin', I'ma keep it in the streets Contrary to yo beliefs, I'm as real as you can be Fuck yo thoughts and yo feelings, nigga you don't know me [Chorus] - repeat [Verse 2] Ay, once again let me remind you nigga, you don't know me So don't be walkin' up and askin' whus tha deal on a key I don't know if you wearin' wires, you could be the police If I was slangin' blow you couldn't get a o.z See me and the P.$.C. fallin' through at a show deep Police holdin' up the door, cuz they know we tote heat I just wanna ride wit C, blow dro' in the Fleet Or with ???, bout a dozen different bitches in a week I just wanna chill wit Kuntry and his daddy Freddie G Ballin' out at anytime, at any store we spend a G Wanna ball in the Bahamas, courtesy of K.T MacBoney gotta mill, as well as Dolla D.P A.K. house on the hill right next to J. Get' Every week meet there for lunch, restaurant and eat free Get Inda paid, lil' Greg and B That's the only shot we got at gettin' Cap back on the streets [Chorus] - repeat [Hook - repeat 2X] You see a nigga hatin' on a G, ask'em what it's gon be Whachu lookin' at? Pussy nigga, you don't know me At the club or in the streets, or wherever we should meet It's choppas choppin', pistols poppin', nigga you don't know me [Chorus] - repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: ASAP Typed by: DoctorDank420@hotmail.com [Intro] Asap, asap, asap Asap, asap, asap Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, you niggaz better exit Asap, asap, asap, asap Ay-s, ay-p, ay-s, ay-p Asap, asap, asap, asap Ay-s, ay-p, ay-s, ay-p Asap, asap, asap, asap A-s-a-p, A-S-A-P [Verse 1] I'm on my grind, grand hustle Got the mind and the muscle 50 carrats in the crown just to shine on you suckas I still tote the Glock 40 for the haters and the bustas Fuck probation, if a nigga try to play me I'ma bust him Ion't need no security, reaching for my jewlery Get you niggaz popped quick, filled full of hot shit Fresh out the box Tip hot than a drop 6 Made a quarter mil' in the penn givin' stock tips Haters wanna stop Tip, mad 'cus they not Tip Ball every summer so your baby mama jock Tip You don't no drama pimp, I promise I do not slip Chrome 4-5th, hid well if the cops trip Bought my girl a Hummer with the chrome right in front of dat 5 carrat stones with the platinum all up under dat Rap beef I ain't gonna participate in none of dat I'm aimin' at your fitted cap and you ain't gonna want none of dat [Hook] (Asap asap asap...) A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P Ask anbody who runnin' a G, bet they finna say me A-S-A-P Niggaz hatin' on P.S.C. get straightened A-S-A-P A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P [Verse 2] I know alota rappers don't like me, but they won't fight me Feds swear I sell dope, well why they won't indict me? Advances on the throne, I ain't never take it lightly But all that tongue-wrestlin' hatin' while I'm gone don't excite me How many rappers you know that could hold they own on White street East steady talkin' on the cell phone nightly Normal population, half the jail just like me Polices think I'm crazy, scared a nigga gon' strike me Contrarily, a nigga tryin' me is unlikely They barkin' don't bother me, I'll be bombin' 'for they bite me They just shocked to see my rap's exactly how my life be Shiesty, with a conversation quite pricey My fist so rocky and and wrist so icey Might be, thrown off my rocker just slightly Fiesty, claimin' hot temper don't ignite me I'm only gonna ask ya find the exit once politely [Hook] (Asap asap asap...) A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P Ask anbody who runnin' a G, bet they finna say me A-S-A-P Niggaz hatin' on P.S.C. get straightened A-S-A-P A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P [Verse 3] Flip, say who known to the land and the people My plan is to keep you atleast 2, levels under me where I need you I'ma take advantage of my chance to defeat you Your true colors done shown, now it's on when I see you I'm grown nigga, so let it be know we ain't equal You sadly mistaken if you thinkin' I can't reach you Beat you, to a fuckin' pulp if I need to The very spot ya standin' in then is where I'll leave you Seen on the scene white tees and the v-suits O.G. status, Ion't beef unless I need to Sissy you way outa line and you runnin' outa time Hang behind closed do's when ya heard I got some time Yeah I know you were thinkin' outa sight and outa mind But I'm the wrong one for you to try if you were tryna shine Listen nigga this shit here is more than just alota rhymes Ion't know what ya do for your respect, but I'ma die for mine [Hook] (Asap asap asap...) A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P Ask anbody who runnin' a G, bet they finna say me A-S-A-P Niggaz hatin' on P.S.C. get straightened A-S-A-P A nigga try to play me, I'ma blow him off the map A-S-A-P Asap, asap, asap Asap, asap, asap Asap... asap, A-S-A-P, A-S-A-P Asap, asap, asap Asap, asap, asap Asap... asap, A-S-A-P, A-S-A-P The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Prayin for Help Typed by: lipglossn-diamondz@sbcglobal.net * * send corrections to the typist [T.I. praying over distinct chatter] Our father, who art in heaven Hallowed be thy name Thy kingdom come Thy will be done On earth, as it is in heaven Give us this day, our daily bread And forgive us for our trespasses As we forgive those who trespassed aganist us And lead us not into temptation But deliver us from evil For thine is the kingdom And the power, and the glory For ever and ever, hmm, amen [Verse 1] Man, I'm prayin' for help While I'm lookin' at the life I left, it's kinda hard not to hate myself But quiet as kept, right or wrong it's just the way I felt I might be better off prayin' for death, on my knees I nealt Still tryin' to find a way to accept, it ain't a way that I can Help nobody, 'til I save myself, techinically I'm still a slave myself I gotta climb out the grave myself, man I played myself But when I look at all the fans I touched I ask how can a man that's done so much, be treated so unjust Cause I'm tryin' to inspire the folks, you wanna be them Cause they sell dope, well man show 'em the ropes Be a father or a football coach, a role model or a symbol of hope Take another approach, instead of testifyin' aganist them in court Handcuffin' 'em and closin' the door, so they can be worse than before Can't you see they only do what they know Than you wonder why they don't care no mo', life ain't fair I know But why I'm hated everywhere I go, next time you wanna Compare my flow, just know that I'm prayin' for help Askin' somebody else to give me a hand I'm tryin' hard, but I'm only a man Man, I'm prayin' for help Hopin' somebody could see what I see It's like the hood only matter to me They got me prayin' for help Hopin' somebody else can carry the torch I'm all alone, with no kinda support While I was prayin' for help Realized that I don't need nobody else If God wit' me I can do it myself I'm tired of just prayin' for help [Verse 2] I know it's only one king, one thing, one being Only somethin' I believe without seeing, and with all my faith I pray some how, some way, regardless of what anyone say I believe one day, that I'ma change my life, get right Start livin' like Christ, 'til the end of my fight I'ma be defending my strife 'Til somebody come and shut off my lights, I ain't never gon' quit No matter how difficult it's gon' get, and you can bet whatever on this I'm forever gon' spit, harder than niggaz hatin' on Tip You can take away place it on Tip, If I double my load Carry it as the trouble unfolds, holds yours And I betta don't ?, put that on my soul If it takes until I'ma hundred years old, bet I'm reachin' everyone of my goals [Verse 3] Ay it's so many times, I done wish I could change my mind Change my life and leave the game behind And it's been so many days, I done prayed I could find a way Find a heart and the time to say, only so many are blessed With so many chances, and so many checks, so many fans With so many arrest, and it's been so many deaths So many prisons with niggaz in there And the system keep playin' them to the left, man it's so many tests So many haters love seeing you stess, but tribulations come with being the best Still it's so many reflects, singin' by text, when they bringin' the???? Sellin' dreams never seem to jex, that's why I'm seeing some threats So many stripes off the streets I'ma vet, so many rappers get so little respect Now niggaz faith on the shelf, 'cause of the cards that a nigga was dealt Or the heart that a nigga then dealt, so many niggaz done left outta the hood Made a way for themself, instead of givin' back, they stay for they self So many playin' they self, instead of readin', educating they self The ones who won't even pray for they self, they got me prayin' for help The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Why You Mad at Me Typed by: marcdog_69@hotmail.com [T.I. Talking] I got a question fo you hatin ass niggaz out there,Ay Why you mad at me,Ay Oh lame ass nigga why you mad at me Sucka ass nigga why you mad at me [Verse 1] Remember late nights earn stripes servin straight white Talk shit slap box clear into the day light Might fuss may fight but stay tight Keep what the "J" need for the lighter hit the base pipe If the trap was the ocean or the sea You could consider me and them the killa whales and great whites Befo a nigga tried to click it make them think twice Cause they knew Cap would kill a nigga fo blink twice Day right I'm recitein my life Nigga I was there no matter what through sirens on a silent night Cold sundays slow mondays hot friday nights Tuesday thursdays servin whether or not they ride tonight On peaceful days hostful evenings even violent nights Chip on my sholder hold a grudge cause you can die tonight I swear you niggaz had no idea what my life was like Befo the bright lights and a half a mil just to grab the mic Is it cause I came from the bottom to the top Why you mad at me Maybe cause I Spent a hundred on a drop Why you mad at me Is it cause I kept it pimpin and stayed down Why you mad at me Or is it cause I am the a town Why you mad at me Is cause you a lame and I'm a "G" Why you mad at me Is it cause I got love in the streets Why you mad at me Is cause you know yo time runnin out Why you mad at me Is it cause you know I'm king of the south [Verse 2] Niggaz mad cause I got it like this Gold on my wrist hoes on my dick, my dick But I could give a fuck about this industry I'm a be the same tip til the end of me Thats something you know automatically if you a friend of me Question that will think other wise now you offend me I came in this game not looking for a friend or enemy Found them both now that niggaz in to me Got little rap niggaz liking into me Major lables and police want to censor me Feds on my ass cause I'm in the streets Think I still slang listen to lame niggaz who lie to snitch on me It ain't my fault that you can't piture me Ridein in a phatom and I swear I never favthom All the fame that a nigga can gain from atlanta Now I'm just tryin to maintain for atlanta Befo niggaz would say in atlanta I was rhode park doug high stayed in atlanta Now true enough I sold yay in atlanta But is that compared to contributions I made to atlanta [Verse 3] A pick a reason any reason all excuses would do But man you lucky I ain't buckin like I used to do fool While you was throwin one's and two's I was liftin up tools and then Shoot at his shoes just to see if he move Or either bust at his head to check if he dead man Don't talk around cause I heard he the fed's man They offer him time and they knowin he scared and tell him Give me they names or you doin the stretch man Or wear a wire go record what he said And then you can tell his lawyer that his clients a dead man A rat I'm smellin blow I ain't sellin Where you got that impressin ain't no tellin Yes I'm a felon why was that in question What about all these records I'm sellin I'm bankhead born and bankhead bread And when a nigga die I'm gone be bankhead dead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jazze Pha, Nelly Album:  Urban Legend Song:   Get Loose Typed by: drana@adelphia.net [T.I.] Ay, I wanna see you dance like them girls in that Tip Drill video... (ay, ay, ay...) [Intro: T.I.] Ay, let me see you get loose Get loose, get loose, get loose Ay,shawty, you can get loose Get loose, get loose Ay shawty, bust it open for me Let me see you get loose If you really wanna show me that you love me, get loose No Grey Goose, if you don't get loose Get up out the coupe if you won't get loose Bend it over, reach for yo toe, get loose Hold on to the pole, drop it low and get loose No x-o if you don't wanna get loose No more dro unless you gonna get loose [Verse 1: T.I.] My potnas in the club and we chillin' to the max Poppin' bottles, blowin' money, we ain't learn how to act All in the V.I.P. spendin' four or five stacks You can tell it's T.I.P. from how I bend my hat Send the waitress to the bar but she comin' right back Bet a shot of x-o'll get you on the right track You got yo girl with you, better hold her hand, I'm a mack on attack Turn yo head and she bound to get snatched Give the dick to her once, get her hooked like crack Takin' cum in the face, yea I like it like that Holdin' on to her waist while I hit it from the back If she come wit *Pussy Popper* she ain't never comin' back Rough sex, talkin' dirty, yea she into all that Gotta movie that'll prove that what I'm sayin' is all fact Bra and panties all black and some real tall stacks Suckin' titties, eatin' cat, shot her off the meat rack [Verse 2: Nelly] Let me see you drop it down, get that eagle on girl Ain't no fuckin' way I'm leavin' here alone girl Money ain't a thang to the uncut kind Baby, I can make a mill if I rap or if I sing Done tryina ball ma, I own a damn team Even with a noose nigga still can't hang Let me tell you who I'm is Lunatic mayne, straight up out the heartland Nine on my right, ten more karats on my other hand In different colors mayne, worth a couple hundred grand Damn mama, how you do that there? How yo waist stay still but you move that there Ain't got a clue right there Seen a lotta ass poppin', but that's new right there You invited to the house ma, you and yo crew right there Check it, okay let's have some fun I got four G's and 5 five G's in one [Verse 3: T.I.] You ready to get loose, shawty, better be Sittin' on them leather seats If not, pat yo feet on the concrete merely Freak by choice, not force, I would never be Charged with a rape, if she say no, I'ma let her be Why should I let that worry me? Too many bitches cherish me Pimp til I die, be a playa til they bary me Renegade, I'ma keep it pimpin', I ain't finna play Anyway, I can hit the baddest bitches anyday Slept with the best, I ain't gotta flex Got yo girl stretched out, pullin' up her dress Checkin' out her spread and I am impressed G-strings right in the middle of them wet Her girlfriends with her and all of them next I passed them a bottle, gave all of them X Head *Pussy Popper*, so all them expect The best sex, and that's what all of them get [Jazze Pha] Woooo weeee Ladies and gentleman This is a Jazze Phinzell, producshinzell T.I., Nelly Nell, Phizzle Phizzle... Grand Hustle, sho' nuff Get loose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.G. Album: Urban Legend Song: What They Do Typed by: Zone6Decatur@aol.com [T.I.] Yea You already know what it is pimp (ay ay ay) T.I.P king of the motherfuckin' South (B Gezzy let's do it homie) Grand Hustle pimp (Choppa City in here) Got my nigga Block in this bitch Eastside represent (yeah) Westside Bankhead nigga Zone 1 A-town nigga (ay ay ay ay ay ay) You know what it is Zone 3 Mechanicville Summer Hill nigga Pittsburgh (KLC let's ride) all my real niggaz ride ya'll know what's happenin' P.$.C. nigga [Verse 1: T.I.] Hey I could give you what you want, T.I.P.'s the hottest Gain what ya need, I could tell you all about it You could up in the streets, but it ain't no gettin' out it When I tell you I'ma G, pimp I'm really bein' modest I could tell bout the dope boyz, hoes, and the ballers (ho) The pimps and the macks, real niggaz dat what they call us Hangin' in the trap cause dat's what our daddies' taught us ??? on a Lac to a Benz on??? Standin' on the corner, slagin' crack and stackin' dollars Till it's time to cop a brick and I'm tired of movin' quarters My dad wasn't a doctor and my momma wasn't a lawyer I ain't neva had shit, congratulation is in order (still trappin') Tryin' ta get a meal fo my sons and my daughter If I call a bad bitch wit connects down in Florida Say her daddy and her uncle still gettin cross the wall ??? I'd be a motherfuckin' fool if I don't call her Ah what it is my nigga, what it do? (ay what it do) I gotta grip a twin, I'm finna buss a move (ah buss a move) Ah what it is my nigga, what it do? (ay what it do) I got the tool and I'm finna cut a fool (ah cut a fool) Ay what it do, what it do, what it do, ay what it do What it do my nigga what it do, ay what it do Ay what it do, what it do, what it do, ay what it do What it do my nigga what it do, ay what it do [Verse 2: B.G.] I'ma H-U-S-T-L-E-Rah If I don't know you then fuck ya If I know you then I front ya (proper) But you gotta break me off You don't, I catch ya slippin' on the block and knock you off I know people, I get nice deals Get 'em $5 sell 'em $10 a pill I know people, big ki's for 13 If I fuck witcha, ya get 'em for 16 I know people, get 'em 300 a pound Give 'em to ya for 500 if you my round I'ma hustler, holla at me Uptown I'm well connected with weed, white, slangin' dat brown Come see a nigga want a nice 60 You real we swap work you fake its 20 g's It's like dat, I done been thru the struggle I'm runnin' Choppa City an fuckin' with Grand Hustle [Verse 3: T.I.] I got the eye of a tiger and the heart of a bear I'm the king of the jungle, you can follow me there Or you can hear it from these niggaz who was hardly there Or take it from niggaz who fought to make it a star to get here Several years ago I told myself I solemnly swear Forever be hard to kill, even harder to scare One reason why me and other cats is hard to compare Cuz I'm fact, dat's fiction, it hardly compares Bein' hated part of the game, pimp it's hard but it's fair Well I'ma be the best, hate me, see if I care But just know I'm raisin' the bar and I'm keepin' there And I'ma still ride clean, blowin' weed in the air With 2 or 3 bad bitches got they feet in the air Say they like when I smack on they ass and skeet in they hair Listen, I don't care if you got the song of the year Ya whole show shutin' down when the don appear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Urban Legend Song: The Greatest Typed by: DoctorDank420@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Diamonds in my bracelet shine like a Kodak flash Just motivation for these freaky hoes to show that ass nigga I pop tags on a throwback fast Nigga please, I'm wearin' these when I cut my grass... freeze All you niggaz wanna touch my cash The 40 cal's in the stash, and when I touch I blast Televison's in the dash, suede roof in the coupe I'm the one nigga, young niggaz knew it's the truth And the dumb niggaz I ain't done provin' it to Come with a clique of guerillas like I hung at a zoo I gotta bitch to pull bitches like she one of the crew Now a buncha broads in the back bustin' it loose Do it free for me and charge you a hundred or two Top floor in the presidential with a wonderful view Yeah I'm rich, but I ain't just talkin' I live like this You couldn't get water out the faucet as clear as my Cris [Hook] {Mannie Fresh & TIP} Pimpin' y'all ain't heard that latest? Ay it's the best of the best Young pimpin' on a record with Fresh I drive Chevys, fuck Mercedes Hopped out the new CL V12, got in the blue SS And I'm leavin' witcha ladies I got a beautiful bitch, pursuin' ya bitch Next thing ya know, ya losin' ya bitch, pimp Yall niggaz give it up I'm the greatest Ay, I'm the greatest, ay, I'm the greatest, ay Pimpin' I'm the greatest [Verse 2] It's been a long time since you seen a nigga like me In a pair of Gucci sneakers, jeans and a white tee Extravagant and outa control, I might be But I'm makin' 50k on the road a night G Rocks in my ring, big as cubes in ya ice tea I used to dream 'bout a Benz now I own like 3 I gotta wine-colored V, with the wine-colored V And reclined leather seats, I ain't lyin' on my beats You can tell I'm gettin' money how I shine in the streets Blowin' on the best pine you can find in the streets Rappers wastin' they time if they trying to compete They records sales declinin' when mine hit the streets I got the fine freaks starin', 'cus my time piece glarin' When the light hit the carrats, got they eyes lookin' Chinese You'll run yourself raggedy tryna out shine me No matter whatcha do, you're 2 steps behind me [Hook] {Mannie Fresh & TIP} Pimpin' y'all ain't heard that latest? Ay it's the best of the best Young pimpin' on a record with Fresh I drive Chevys, fuck Mercedes Hopped out the new CL V12, got in the blue SS And I'm leavin' witcha ladies I got a beautiful bitch, pursuin' ya bitch Next thing ya know, ya losin' ya bitch, pimp Yall niggaz give it up I'm the greatest Ay, I'm the greatest, ay, I'm the greatest, ay Pimpin' I'm the greatest [Verse 3] A smooth attitude enable me to ball outrageous Nigga fuck you paid me, I'm all outa favors What Grand Hustle got ain't a motherfucker gave us A motherfuckin' thing, but ain't a motherfucker played us You gotta mil' that's a small percentage The way ya record deal structured, you only get a small percentage I gotta Magnum with a magnum in it Playstation and a plasma in it Sittin' on 20 inches and it's tinted Gotta hemi nothin' faster than it The 50 Gs'll pass you in it, get real Gotta Chevy more expensive than that Jag you rented Excuse me, but let Young Pimpin' brag a minute Gotta bottle of Louie and a flock of groupies hotter than Rudy Lickin' me dry when I get out the jacuzzi They eatin' pussy, suckin' dick until they mouth got gooey Can't another young nigga in the south talk to me [Hook] {Mannie Fresh & TIP} Pimpin' y'all ain't heard that latest? Ay it's the best of the best Young pimpin' on a record with Fresh I drive Chevys, fuck Mercedes Hopped out the new CL V12, got in the blue SS And I'm leavin' witcha ladies I got a beautiful bitch, pursuin' ya bitch Next thing ya know, ya losin' ya bitch, pimp Yall niggaz give it up I'm the greatest Ay, I'm the greatest, ay, I'm the greatest, ay Pimpin' I'm the greatest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil' Kim Album: Urban Legend Song: Get Ya Shit Together Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro - T.I. talking] As you see the O.G.s from Grand Hustle done laid it down again T.I.P. shawty Hey yo, this for all my homegirls like to see a baller do his thing Get ya shit together come on All the eight, nines, and dimes I'd like to welcome y'all to the best time of ya life Ya understand that All the stones is real And it's all chrome on the wheels, ya know Anything less is uncivilized [Verse 1 - T.I.] Pull up to the club, lift both doors up Hopped out clean and yo ho chose us Walked in the door, make the show hold up Cause my neck and my bracelet is so froze up The kind of stones bitches wanna see close up So we don't appraoch them, they come and appraoch us Roll the dro up then go post up Look down with the west fixin' go sho' nuff In the V.I.P. and all eyes on us Hoes chill, poppin' pills blowin' dro no dust What cha say, got a man so what I don't know him baby and he don't know her I got a new Phantom and my own chauffeur Ya think ya fixin' be thinkin' bout him, no sir Probably prefer to tel ya man good night Unless you don't wanna know what the good life look like [Hook - Lil' Kim, T.I.] [Lil' Kim] If you ain't gettin' money good night I know what a broke nigga look like When ya ridin' in ya wheels get ya shit together Boy them diamonds ain't real, get ya shit together [T.I.] Now we can ball seven days, six nights If tht head and that pussy hit right Hey, match ya panties with ya bras get ya shit together Go get ya hair and nails done get ya shit together [Verse 2 - T.I.] Hey, I'm off the scene with Louis the thirteenth Chains swings to my jeans, and my T-shirt clean In case you been researching, I'm the King With a style as mean as the Earth seem Chest on ice, and my wrist on gleam 30 karats in the ring, money ain't no thing You think I'm playin' but I ain't joking The dro king, if it ain't purple, I ain't smoking Rubberband bank rolls, fifty thousand dollar cheddar knots Try to shine, is you out your mind, boy you better not I walk around with more money than you ever got Shrewd attitude like I never had to sell a rock Shawty I can get you in whatever spot Backstage, front row, what I got to front for I'm getting bored, don't even know what I stunt for Got a lot of rides, what it hurt to cop one more [Hook - Lil' Kim, T.I.] [Verse 3 - T.I.] To all my hot girls, if you wanna come chill Or roll on chrome wheels, let me tell you what it is We fixin' throw a little party at the crib Where the floors tricked out and the rooms like ill The basement's cool, but the pools unreal Where that millionaire lives, shit remains concealled So pop a pill, put on your blindfold I'm hitting the dance floor, and grab eighty-nine more Let em' know we on the way where they been trying to go I knew I had em' when they asked me "What kind of diamonds are those" Headed to the spot pouring double shots of XO Play the "Love Below" ane watch'em undress slow Flicks on the flat screen, make em' want to "Get Low" And spit shine this dick of mine until it gets swole When they kick it with the king, they don't wanna let go So whatcha gonna tell a nigga, when he tell ya "Let's Go" [Hook x2 - Lil' Kim, T.I.] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Urban Legend Song: Freak Though Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [T.I.] Hey! Hey! Hey! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] w/ T.I. ad-libs (But she's a freak though) She got angel eyes, wit the baby face (But she's a freak though) I want my momma and daddy to meet her Maybe have my name (But she's a freak though) They keep talking about you Because they - can't keep up with your pace You're my - super freak! super freak! You're my - super freak! [Verse - T.I.] My momma taught me, everything fine ain't the finest And everything that shine ain't a diamond They say that change come wit time and I'm finding That most bitches take your kindness for blindness Yeah it feel good laying her beside you Diggin deep, ol' nine up beside you But we can't kick out in public, gotta hide you Cause all my partnaz in the hood done tried you It's true that you can't turn a hoe into a house wife Well listen shorty maybe I don't want a house wife They say that you a freak I'm thinking that they bout right Because that pussy's so good and your mouth tight A pretty face, slim waist, and her stout nice Juicy ass that them niggaz in the south like She super sexy, got a nigga thinking bout a wife Wearing all white, being wit her for life [Verse - T.I.] The main thing making niggaz judge you Is the same thing that make me wanna love you From the smell of ya hair, I wanna hug you To the way you yell "give it to me" when I fuck you Plus you ain't tripping off a nigga cause he thuggin That's why I'm twice as happy as relationships that wasn't But my partna say you trickin wit his cousin But nevermind, I don't listen they be buggin They find it hard to understand how could T.I.P. love This girl, when her man is out at strip clubs Maybe cause T.I.P. girls leaving wit girls And in the morning they'll be waking up with six girls They don't know we more like homies when we pick girls Why you worried bout it, he ain't gotta make you his girl Fuck what he think about you, I think you the shit girl Make me wanna bring another kid in the world [Verse - T.I.] Now I been told every nigga in the streets know She ain't nothing but a freak ho But when I look in her pretty eyes, I don't see it though Now she done showed me some shit that I ain't seen before But what we do behind closed doors is for me to know All in all I've decided I'm a keep her though I'm a fucking grown man, what I'm creeping for? Just try me by the four, that's what I'm toting heaters for I'd die by that for her a real good reason though That's how I feel, let my partnaz and my momma know Keep it real, all the disrespect has got to go I disrespect, she is selfish, she don't hide it Though she may have been a tad misguided All she need is a little affection, a lot of direction A nigga wit a constant erection And I done wasted plenty time contemplating second guessing Procrastinating, I wanna buy a ring and pop the question The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Countdown Typed by: juvey1986@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Five (five), four (four), three (three), two (two) one you done when I see (see) you (you) Five (five), four (four), three (three), two (two) one you done when I see (see) you (you) Five (five), four (four), three (three), two (two) one (run) you done when I see you Five (five), four (four), three (three), two (two) one you done when I see (see) you (you) Five (five), four (four), three (three), two (two) one (run) you done when I see (see) you (you) [Verse 1] Ay, what it is, the king back in the buildin' Still stackin' and buildin', you still rappin' to children Jeopardizin' your deals, caught up buyin' your wheels Like its back when we was little and its still time to kill Quit displayin' your skills, way underpayin' bills Spend a day in the Ville, on how you saying you real Niggaz could never live how I live, you ain't deservin' My lifestyle's urban, never met me in person Just my bread suburban, in a red suburban On 24's, 20 hoes giving head, I'm swervin' Fuck boys pissed they pants, scared nervous I'm shell-shocked, black eye, like I been in the service Clean, cut, and preserved, but I told George Gervin The closest thing your hoe seen, in picture perfect The rolls gold king, my ring tight as a virgin (???) The dream I stop 'fore I seen the top (nigga) [Verse 2] I treat the beats like the streets, I'ma do what I want to I ain't gotta confront you, I'll kill if I want to Roam amongst monsters, kill homes and front you That lil nigga swearin' he bad, eat him for lunch too Funk you niggaz, Dominique slam dunk you Niggaz sucka punch down one of you niggaz I was being nice at first, now I'm runnin' through niggaz Whole crews, not just one or two niggaz Cuz you ain't representin' the south, you just embarassin' See you on t.v. in New York, them niggaz laughin' The reason why D.J.'s ain't have a clue I was fabulous Now days not playin' my record well, hell its hazardous All this cussin' for some loud discussions, outta my character Bussin' these niggaz melons, and threatenin' all of they managers P.$.C.'s Atlanta, so how you playin' and handlin' Gorillas with bananas without playin' and banishin' King of the south, it was said once then Took a while to comprehend, that all sunk in On the low deal a mil, I ain't done come again Room dead, scene fled, 'fore the feds runnin' in [Verse 3] Comin' live from the Terra-Dome Shinin' lights on niggaz who got they skirts on tight with mascara on All I have ever known, is 28 in the zone Gimme a day and its gone, a brick of yeh and its on You have neva known, me to run 'Less I'm gunnin' at niggaz domes And runnin' them out they own Territory, every story gotta flipside to it And your disc ain't shit unless the click ride to it And I'ma show you how the Westside do it In the A, not Cali, bank heads, (???) valley Every crack and every alley sellin' crack And every time diggin' hairier Every Kim, Sue, Sally, til I tally up A big enough knot to buy me a yacht So then my pistols and my partnas really all that I got I'm not, playin' at all, I'm sprayin' 'em all This K'll chop 'em down to size, cuz they say that I'm small man Pussycats can't worry the dog Keep throwin' stones at the throne, I'ma bury you all man Know, you faggot niggaz hate that I'm ballin' Makin' 30k a day and blow it all at the mall, and man I Can't relate to what you rap on stage, nigga Cuz I been sellin' yeh since I was Bow Wow's age nigga Hear my daddy and my cousin talkin' to me from the grave And all they say is "Young nigga get paid!" [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Bring Em Out Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com [Intro: Jay Z snippet] (Bring 'em out, Its hard to yell when the barrels in ya mouth) Swizzie! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye! (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) TI (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye! [Berse 1] TIP comin live from the VIP, heard the night life lost life when I leave Both the Feds and the State wanna see my need The whole city got bizzerk he got treat Anotha nigga got a hit but shawty he not me Who set the city on fire as soon as he got freed Da king back now hoes don't even know how to act now Hit the club stippers give neck 'fore I sit down Still ballin money stack taller than Shaq now Still push a button to let the roof on the 'Lac down I'm on the road doin shows puttin my mack down Mississippi to Philly Albuquerque to Chatt Town [Hook] I got the crowd yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, all my hotgirls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) [Verse 2] Once again what other rap nigga hooder than this I got rich and I'm still on some hoolagin shit You be rappin bout blow I was movin the shit You talkin bout shootin out and I was doin the shit If I hit you in the face you gon be suin and shit And if I catch anotha case I know I'm true to be missed So I'ma keep it cool head stay out of the news Headlines and shows other rappers its bedtime (bedtime) It's clear to see that I'm ahead of my time I copped a chromed out hard top Carrerra to shine I got some time, it ain't shit cause I get better wit time Who got a flow and a live show better than mine [Hook] I got a packed house yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, all my hotgirls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) [Verse 3] Mic check 1-2 1-2, you wanna beef wit the king what is you gon do Will you show up on the scene wit 2 guns drew Or you and ya friend and play a little two on two If you knew half of what I knew then you'll be hittin the deck Got a tool and a vest I can get some respect I'ma make it hard for a sucka nigga to flex Sho 'em this ain't the squad for a nigga to test Pimp my nutz too large and we way too fresh Work well wit Nines AK's and Techs And quick to check a lame like a game of chess You want beef you can bring ya best and we'll be standin.. [Hook - 2X] In ya front yard yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye all my hot girls yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, all the Dope Boyz yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) Aye, from the back they yellin (Bring 'em out, bring 'em out) [Break - 2X] Hands... In Da... Air... Now! Hands... In Da... Air... Now! Hands hands in the in the air air now! Hands... In Da... Air... Now! {*Bring 'em out, bring 'em out + ad libs to the end of the track*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Urban Legend Song: Limelight Typed by: djr3ll@yahoo.com Look girl you sexy as you wanna be But you just a wanna be I can't help ya I don't love ya I just met ya I might shove ya Will I plug ya to some niggaz that'll drop some change in yo purse Hoe what I look like I ain't no trick bitch you gone chose big pimpin first On God's green earth I shall not hurt For money food shelter or work Louie, Henny, Remy, or Urp Chicken, dimes, hoes in skirts Im in my truck smokin purt Tryna see how many flirt Ridin round the A.T.L. on the baddest bitch search Yeah I did a concert but I don't wanna talk about it You say like that freaky shit well freaky bitch be about it Or candy truck you jumped bitch you can jump up out it I ain't yo man so I ain't gone shout wit ya I'm headed to yo crib and its straight lights out wit cha [Chorus: repeat 2X] Hey we the hype now the limelight is ours now Broads comin at us like they wanna fuck us right now [2x] Sexy, Goregous, Beautiful Would you do something real freaky tonight Now call me Bruce Lee or that pimp I got that glow I'm limelight How can life go wrong when I got a brainiac that swallows pipe She roam the streets like its halloween so tricks can trick or treat all night My pimpin keep them hoes hooked like I had them jays on that white Ridin out in a Hummer which I call a lunch box Standin on 26s which I call 'em hightops Candy red paint on that yeah that thang a cherry pop All peanut butter seats always leather never cloth Hoe you couldn't wipe my pimpin off if you had a rag yeah she knows her pops but I'm the one she calls dad Straight swurvin in the whip passin blunts takin drags Watchin dvds in the truck while she out there sellin ass Peanut butter, Royal Chocolate Caramel Jazzebell I offer dick you offer ass for sell Now you ask a player See me shining getting right Finally coming up call me pimp tight What you'll do for the limelight Them bisexuals I call 'em klinedikes Vanilla want a nut on Sunday Fill hot fudge in the middle of her tummy Butter pecan white chocolate love day Niggaz lookin fly so remember where the hershay Hoes at Davana of the scanna Pussy split on my bannana Take they pic on who they gone sample To Michigan back down to Alabama Poped hypontic be the flava that water their jaws for the milk they shake up Captain save em A.K. just gone lace up the beat to be a suckas favorite Top it off for the celebration After I bang her i'll let you cake her You were too seet she needed a banga Make her melt let it drip through her fangers Sexy, Goregous, Beautiful Would you do something real freaky tonight Now I'm in the limelight This rose gold bring plenty dikes They come around to service me because they know I lay the pipe I'm running wit the king we in different cities every night Broads strippin out they clothes before the D.J. pass the mic Puerto Rican mama citas, Asian bitches mixed wit white They come to see the P$C in many skirts and see threw tops I love this life Thats main reason I ain't settle down ain't got no wife I'm down wit the squad Done wit the hard I be pimpin these hoes for the rest of my life Sexy women freaky ladies Squeezin T.I.P.'s Mercedes Kissin women, eatin ladies, lick 'em till they drikin babies Like Rick James was in the 80s young and rich and livin crazy Kisha, Kim, Mari, and Kayla Love to keep the reefa blazin And the new and immitated Lou thats hollow point fim thats playin Actually they demonstratin Orally Administratin Conversation here 'em sayin Pills'll make you fill amazing Wish I could do this everday Anticipaten this occaision The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jazze Pha Album: Urban Legend Song: Chillin' With My Bitch Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Intro] Dig pimp... I'ma holla at y'all in a minute, I'm finna go change clothes mayne go get real spiffy mayne, go kick it with my broad, y'all can hold it down, aight? [Verse 1] I left the kids at the crib, and the squad in the trap Now I'm in the two-seater with my broad in my lap The alpines beatin', but I'm far away from rappin' Bumpin' Prince, Sade, or some Marvin Gaye perhaps I, put up my blues, put on some tailor made slacks Some wing tip shoes, whachu know about that? Button down, cuff links, hair cut, no hat Just felt like gettin' clean and show I know how to act At Neiman & Marcus let my girl blow three or four stacks Got forever to cut the fool, today I'ma relax In a real cool mood, no beef, no gats But then real close by, niggaz better know that [Chorus: Jazze Pha] I ain't hangin' with my niggaz, pullin' no triggaz I'll be back to the trap, but for now I'm chillin' with my bitch today, I'm chillin' with my bitch today I ain't hangin' with my potnaz, I'm out eatin' lobster I'm on some grown man shit, ya dig I'm chillin' with my bitch today, I'm chillin' with my bitch today [Verse 2] This shit look hard, no drama from none of my baby mommas With my hottie, takin' shots of Saki at Benny Honna's Known to kick it like we rich as Guy Richie and Madonna Or either Will and Jada, on vacation for the summer Me and my lil' mama, blowin' big as we wanna Gotta big sack of some of that shit from California A bottle of Patron and a six pack of Corona Dro aroma got the six hot steamin' like a sauna So I let the top back and I bend anotha corner Check into the W, so I can put it on her Got the suite for a week, but we can stay a lil' longer I ain't trippin', that's the shit that make relationships stronger [Chorus] - repeat [Hook] Tonight I'm gon chill with my lady friend She the type to keep a nigga open I'm chillin' with my bitch today [Verse 3] I left the stress in the streets and I'm a long way from home Put up the vest and the chrome, even through with my phone My potnaz don't wanna be on the shit that I'm on mayne Livin' life and kickin' it like a grown man Sittin' in the sand, drinkin' piña coladas With a double shot of rum, just chillin' right by the water No judges, no lawyers, in a whole 'nother world Just a bottle and this O of dro, blowin' with my girl [Chorus] - repeat Repeat [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil Jon, Lil' Wayne, Trick Daddy Album: Urban Legend Song: Stand Up Typed by: gauge31061@yahoo.com Stand up If you don't like what I'm saying then buck Swing when you see me we can throw them hands sucker Stand up If you didn't notice nigga, I don't give a fuck If I said it then I meant it and what fuck nigga Stand up You don't want to see the triggerman bust Hit you and your mans up, make it hard for niggaz to Stand up Tell your crew they don't want it with us dude And if them motherfuckers do, bust a motherfucking move Stand up [Verse 1: T.I.] You got a gator mouth and a hummingbird ass Your mouth writing checks that your ass can't cash 145 and I'm out of your weight class Want to survive, you better scramble like eggs and break fast Cause I know how to handle your fake ass I'm a ride on you and hide you in yesterday's trash Pull up in the Chevy's spraying rounds through the glass See you laying face down in the grass and I'll laugh Ha, cause that's the end of the saga The end of my problems, nigga mash the Impala Go lay up with a model and watch the news tomorrow And that's the end checkmate, game over, I'll holler Pimp, telling you partner, you don't know what you're doing Or recognize the trouble you getting in to and you're ruin And dig this man I spent my childhood in a wild hood And all that gangster shit you talking, yeah, it sound good But make it understood You gone have to show me, I'm a O.G. You want to overthrow me [Verse 2: Trick Daddy] Dearly beloved, we're gathered here today To marry this young nigga in his own special thug way Do you promise to love and respect all of the real niggaz And when a problem come, learn to deal with 'em Do you swear to turn this chopper On any motherfucker in your path, or the bitch that's trying to stop ya Or do you promise to keep him handy And don't hand him to nobody, nobody except family And keep him cocked and loaded and don't expose him to no body Unless somebody, who want him in his body To love and cherish and from this trigger to a barrel From the bottom of your heart 'til death do you fuckin' part Do you understand to live, to lie by him Is to share your soul, Lord knows, you gone die by him I know you heard gun stories about John Wayne and Billy the Kid Shit, all them motherfuckers dead And did you know that every other bitch from the Wild, Wild West End up dying from hollow points to they fuckin' chest Cause I ain't never seen a cock beamer meant for a team of tummy guns With a hundred round fuckin' drum [Verse 3: Lil' Wayne] Shit, I'm talking about riding out tonight Only way I die first, got to kill me in this verse Weezy F middle finger to life So nothing seem critical in the hood I'm typical Yet I'm feeling good and spiritual Healing hoods with this shit up out my kitchen I'm pitching that it's really good Smoking, drinking, I'm like a fish And I'll probably shit on ya bitch Probably piss on her lips and she probably give you a kiss Nasty, Holly Grove classic Polly wood a nigga probably robbed the same bastard Ask him We don't give a fuck about a casket Nigga this the murder campy Niggaz is murder happy 12 years old, I jumped off the pot I started selling rock right after I got shot I had to hold my weight down Pussy nigga stand up or lay down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Daz Dillinger Album: Urban Legend Song: My Life Typed by: dolladascholar@gmail.com Daz: You know it's your life nigga, you do as you please T.I. : That's right Daz: But you know when you fuck up T.I.: huh... dig Ay, ay, ay yea yea, yea, yea, yea ay, ay, ay yea, uh yea yeaaa Daz: Dat Nigga Daz & T.I.'s in the mufuckin' house knahwhatImean? It's yo life nigga....live & die [Chorus: T.I.] Can't ya see I'm on fyyyaaahh so quit hatin' on me pimpin' I'm just livin' my life Think I ain't gon' riiiiiide on all you pussy niggas tryin' put an end to my life You can't do it, don't tryyyyyy I know you sucker niggas wish that you was livin' my life In white linen I'm flyyyy Top down in the Spider, be a rider for the rest of my life [Verse 1: T.I.] A-town veteran, started at 11 Went and bought an 8-ball, I was stayin' down ever since That's why it's hard to find a young rap nigga better then the Bankhead resident, Westside represent Pimp Squad mobster, Grand Hustle president Heart of a lion and the nuts of an elephant "Trap Muzik" heaven sent, you hatin' and it's evident You tryna stack presidents, I'm tryna set precedents The comparisons insultin' my intelligence Cuz real recognize real, and real you ain't never been And never will I catch ya where ya chill Holla at ya where ya live, nigga fuck a record deal Pimp graduated out the yay to stack a couple mil Would you figure it'd be a rap nigga I'd have to kill? My patnas tellin' me "shawty ya have to chill" But I'ma end up hatin' with the steel, watitis Still Dope Boy, trap niggas worldwide lovin' me Haters see the Spider and they wanna put a slug in me Fuck it, I'm a G, I been a rider, I ain't studyin' it Ya better get your mind off mine and start hustlin' [Verse 2: Daz] As a BG gainin' them stripes I avenge when I strike Prey on my victims, blind them niggas all with the light Get it right, hold it tight, blast with all your might See we hustle for them grams 'til the early light Follow my plan, on command, leave them dead where they stand Ain't no stoppin' the man, nigga with grands in my hand Livin' the fast lane, Grand Hustle the grand when the cash came The police book me, take my fingerprints and last name Now I'm stuck in the cell, how would I maintain? Loc up on these niggas, the penitentiary mind frame I strive for perfection, my method is quite collective Check out the fuckin' way I just rep it It's Dogg Pound Gangsta in a black stinkin' Lincoln Rims shinin', fresh paint and T.I. countin' paper Big moves, stay on deck with the tools all ya niggas and bitches with niggas get sprayed with the tool rrrrrrrraaahhhh [Verse 3: Daz] This how we hustle for the paper, cuz the hustle get harder I'm Dogg Pound out in that Atlanta Brave starter Money, weed and bitches, 24 inches conversatin' with T.I., plottin' on gettin' these millions Down for my niggas murderin', killin', real in the spot, or on a mission.. All my niggas...y'all know how the fuck we kick it I'ma...keep my eyes on a meal ticket Hustle it up, muthafucka we'll kick it [T.I.] "All Eyez on Me" with my Westside homie in a drop '65 on D's Wanna ride on me? I got a 45. on me In a hurry to die homie? get live on me Be charged with tryin' an OG and I'm creepin' thru the crowd low-key Nigga you don't know me I learned from niggas befo' me I got insomnia, shawty, I don't sleep I bomb, I don't creep [Daz] Y'all niggas know how we do this shit, T.I., Dat Nigga Daz yaknahmean it's my life, your life, our life, his life, let's live it to the fullest [T.I.] One time for 'Pac... we miss you nigga One time for Shawty B for keepin' it pimpin' P$C, Grand Hustle pimp Fuck nigga let this be a lesson to ya Y'all niggas better start trainin' man You better be a damn good ducker nigga when I goddamn let loose with this chopper ya understand that? I ain't playin' with y'all niggas Once the muthafuckin' judge slam that goddamn gavel, nigga got his muthafuckin' case beat nigga I'm at y'all ass nigga Mark my mothafuckin' words fuck boys I'm layin' low for a reason pimp Ha....fuck niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: King Back Typed by: tericoharper@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Excerpt from "Sting of The Serpent") And the prophecy read that One day like the pheonix rose from the ashes That a boy will be born unto a family in the slums This boy will go on and use the knowledge that he gains While fighting for survival in the streets To become a crack leader And in time that boy will grow to become King!!!!!! [Verse 1] Time to ride nigga (Just Blaze!!) I welcome you and get acquainted with the youngest in charge Respected from East to West like he was running the mob Dictating, ain't taking orders from no one but God I know you niggaz is broke 'cause I know what you charge Them niggaz wishing for a Phantom it's one in my garage It's black as legary right next to the black Ferrari You niggaz ain't getting money off of rapping I'm sorry Fuck the rep went and spent 60 large on a Harley 'Cause where he stay 10,012 feet not hardly Now you see that we ain't able to compete, now arewe? And pardon me I'm giving you the Westside story Of the A, where I stay and niggaz stay down for me You want to play, have you gay niggaz lay down for me And get a order for killers to spray rounds for me Competition, you ain't considered; you rapping, you bore me You reppin the A horribly Must I say more importantly [Chorus: repeat 8X] The king back! [T.I.] Ay, man y'all niggaz got me way too fucked up, you understand that? What you need to do is homeboy You need to go back and grab I'm Serious you know You need to get familiar with Dope Boys and see where all these niggaz got they style See where that trap shit came from Then you need to graduate to mother fucking In Da Streets Vol.1-3 Then you need to go to Trap Muzik, I got locked up for a second Then grab Urban Legend and now to bring you up to speed [Verse 2] Who knew you could fit on your wrist a whole pound of diamonds I'm number one on the list while you clowns are climbing Wishing to be in positions that you found that I'm in Since you niggaz do what it say I'm world renowned than sign me If Jay handled the clay and around the time I delivered a bad day when 4 5's were spiraling I care the least about police and the fireman siren Ambulance ain't gon stand a chance in reviving DOA amend the beef will cease upon my arriving Paramedics yell clear and your flat line silent You ain't ready for out here 'cause the lifestyle violent You think you is, you must be living on Fantasy Island Your mammies mad, get your ass wiped out like Thailand Hit my phone and got what left and hit the three while you following You say you want to release and go to war with the finest Need you be reminded, want it with Your Highness? [T.I.] Ay man I know y'all niggaz still in the trap everyday Still man I know y'all don't see nothing but the projects nothing but grits But listen Make no mother fucking mistake man I still wiil shoot up my mother fucking self, AK and 45 nigga on side nigga And come see 'bout niggaz you understand But I don't want to do that 'cause I respect that shit y'all doing I started that shit I made that shit cool I made these niggaz want to be you nigga Nigga respect this shit!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ U.G.K. Album: King Song: Front Back Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeated throughout [Mannie Fresh] Ladies and gentlemen.. Fre-fre-fre-fresh! [T.I. - talking] T.I.P., aye! I know a lot of y'all niggaz out there, man who ain't up on this down south shit Probably wonderin what the fuck you listenin to right now, ahah! King amongst kings! It's an absolute honor and a pleasure y'know I'm sayin' To bring you.. some gangsta shit of catastrophic proportions All the UGK alumni like myself know what this is man Hey Bun! Pimp C nigga! [T.I.] I gotta '66 Impala so fresh White top, burnt drop wit' the choppers on deck Fuel exhaust, and a motor out a ninety-four 'Vette Fish bowl, televisions pimpin I ain't done yet I got the checker red leather and I'm sittin on chrome On 26 inches just to get my roll on One of Jeezy's songs on, make them bitches get low I get that ass raised up, like Dr. Dre six four Hey, come up in my hood, bet them bitches know Tip If you tell 'em you wit' him, all them bitches gon strip If I show up in yo' hood, I bet you niggaz won't trip Once I empty out this clip, I bet you niggaz gon' dip Or get hit up in yo'... "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! [Bun B] It's the Gulf Way Boulevard gangsta Swangin on T.I., S's and Fo's (S's and Fo's)  Pirellis and Blades and 'em crews of hoes I'm a playa, you can tell by how I choose my pose When it gets to swangin on the curb, you might lose ya toes Dedicated to the slab (slab), the dunks (dunks), the drops (drops) The candy painted cars wit' the chopped off tops (off tops) Now put ya diamonds up against the wood wheel Lean back up on ya leather, chunk a deuce, and show your grill Keep it trill, this the south baby, Texas and GA T.I. reppin for Bankhead, I'm reppin for P.A. (for P.A.) Now pop ya trunk, get it crunk, it's time to ride Show them boys you got that front back and side to side baby "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! [Pimp C] I'm switchin lane to lane (uh), leanin on the switch (on the switch) Sippin on the barre, smokin green and hittin licks (licks) Bumpin Too $hort baby, in a candy red Biarritz (Biarritz) Drop the top and pimp the lot and watch the trunk do tricks (do tricks) Pimp C, I keep my money on my mind (mind) Keep a hooker on the track and keep a swisher full of pine (pine) If y'know like I know, you wouldn't try it (try it) Wanna jack me for my candy car, you must wanna die (wanna die) But I don't really wanna hit ya with this hot thang I just wanna get some brain in the turnin lane Comin down creepin slow, sippin on a Colt fo' Bangin on the Screw, and keep the pistol right here in the do' {*echoes*} "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: What You Know Typed by: Kewana13@aol.com Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay What you know about that {*3X*} Ay, don't you know I gotta key by the three When I chirp shawty chirp back Louie nap sack where I'm holding all the work at What you know about that {*3X*} Hey I know all about that Loaded 44 on the low where the cheese at Fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the G's at Hey what you know about that Hey I know all about that [Verse 1] See me in your city sittin pretty know I'm shinin dog Ridin with a couple Latin broads and a china doll And you know how we ball Riding in shiny cars Walk in designer malls Buy everything he saw You know about me dog Don't talk about me dog And if you doubt me dog You better out me dog I'm throwed off slightly bro Don't wanna fight me bro I'm fast as lightening bro You better use your Nike's bro Know you don't like me cause Your bitch most likely does She see me on them dubs In front of every club I be on dro I'm buzzed Gave every hoe a hug Niggaz don't show me mugs Cause you don't know me cuz [Verse 2] Candy on the six four Leather guts and fish bowl Fifty on my pinky ring just to make my fist glow Your bitches get low Because I get dough So what I'm rich hoe I'll still pull a kick yo What you talking shit for You gotta run and hit for Got you yelling and I thought you put out a gun hit for But you's a scary dude Believed by very few Just keep it very cool Or we will bury you See all that attitude's, unnecessary dude You never carry tools not even square, he cube You got the people fooled, who see me on the tube Whatever try the crew, they'll see you on the news [Verse 3] Fresh off the jet to the block Burning rubber with the top popped My partners busting shots, I'll tell them stop it make the block hot Yo label got got Cuz you are not hot I got the top spot And it will not stop A video or not that will bust it to the glock stop Drag you out that Bentley Coupe and take it to the chop shop I know we not y'all If it may pop off I'll answer the question "Will I get your block knocked off?" This what it is bro Look I will kill bro I'm in your hood if you a gangsta what you hid for Somebody better get bro before he get sent for You say you wanna squash it what you still talking shit for The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: I'm Talkin' to You Typed by: Street.Hustla.OnSMASH@gmail.com [Hook] I'm talkin to you sucker nigga you can stunt all ya wanta stunt I know you won't bust a gun (Yeah I'm talkin to you) fuck nigga you can hate all you wanna hate I know you a fake-make no mistake I'm talkin to you youz a lame uz a shame to the game I say it you know what ya name is (I'm talkin to you) we can shoot it out whenever you wanna whatever you wanna do boi I'm talkin to you [T.I.] Ay I'm the best you ever heard about, fresher than you heard about yeah I'm strapped now pussy nigga this ain't just word of mouth for niggaz wit dirty mouths, I got a lotta clean pistols to wash 'em out I'm really finna give yo ass some hotter shit to talk about the goons hit the room now you askin what's this all about fo' you know it ya noggins split ya bottom teeth is fallin out got a problem wit patna -I see him in the city and call him out it wasnt for the chopper ain't shit I'm gettin all of mine pop 'em drop 'em call the plan a wake he out forever more I give it to you straight nigga I don't need a metaphor how many different ways is it to say I'm getting cheddar more a nigga twice as old way mo' popular need to set at all Man I just say it to my pops, maybe he could tell ya better boy patient in the afterlife I'll waste ya in the after life even after my life haters be after my life cuz I'ma do in 06 what took 'em half of they life, man I'm talkin to you [Hook] [T.I.] I ain't talkin to Jeezy cause thats my brother ain't talkinto Face cause that's my father ain't talkin to Bun cause that's my uncle ain't talkin to Kast cause them ma patnas ain't talkin to Jigga cause that's my nigga, the Real President carter gave me Diplomatic Immunity you and me why bother man all I gotta do is go buy a nigga a charger and he only come in to offer he don't even wanna rob ya you done fucked up and started shit wit some real shit starter you don fought with a chopper holla what it is patna you better keep it proper you know what it is patna this some lightwork ain't even gotta call godfather Mobsta, had the old phantom now the drop son 3rd the king of cloverland, Slim thug is the boss son Paul Wall made me the hardest grill I done bought for for a 100 K ,a 100 carat paul don't wanna talk bra nigga wouldn't buck won't dare, you just talk tough don't try to run from me now whatchu thought bra I'm talkin to you [Hook] [T.I.] I ain't talkin to Buck cause he a real nigga ain't talkin 2 Pimp cause he a trill nigga ain't talkin 2 BG cause he like me, with old cases and will kill niggaz I know you wannabe just like me since you got ya new record deal nigga But I don't give a fuck if you like me no second diss ya not trill nigga ya in ya video wearin white T that don't make you no dope dealer nigga But I ain't talkin bout no bankhead, carver homes, no adamsville nigga you dealin wit a lil gorilla nigga 10 mill later I'm still the nigga Killer Mike, Yung bloodz, David Banner Bonecrusher they remember when y'all ain't feel a nigga Had it out with Chris he still my nigga sat down,civilized talk about it like niggaz so I ain't never been served get ya facts right nigga for this 40 cal make ya ass act right nigga coming against the king get ya stats right nigga wanna talk about nigga, wanna be a hot nigga gonna be a shot nigga, yeah I say'd it what nigga buck nigga like Lil Jon I don't give a fuck I give a God damn if I never sell another milla I take my ass right back to sillahillabilla compound come down everyday sell yay Just like the old days stack another mill up niggaz ain't ready for the dust that we kick up go talk shit forget they get hit up You better be bout that shit you kick Like DipSet bitch you trynna get wit us I don't Politic, don't even speak see I don't kiss up Gotta be Styles or Sheek to Jadakiss us Diss us... that's goin piss us... See I love it when the government pick niggaz If you don't hang in the air by the name of Swizz Beatz Told Mannie Fresh he the Skateboard P Clay J-G and Just Blaze taking basically I'm talkin to you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jamie Foxx Album: King Song: Live in the Sky Typed by: bezmurda@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: T.I.] What's happenin man? This TIP, you know? I'd like to dedicate this song to anybody who done ever lost somebody To the grave, to the streets, to the jail cell... I done been in situations where I done had to cope with all three, you know what I'm sayin? I feel the only thing I ain't done yet is die, you know? But it ain't how I live while I'm here, it's how I live when I leave, ya dig? [Chorus: Jamie Foxx & TIP] (Life's ups and downs they come and go) But when I die, I hope I live in the sky All my folk who ain't alive, I hope they live in the sky Pray to God when I die, that I live in the sky (It's true what goes around, comes back you know) So when I die I hope I live in the sky All my folk who ain't survive, may they live in the sky Tell God, I wanna fly, and let me live in the sky [Verse 1] My cousin Tu ain't have to die, right in front of his son and his wife He lost his life struggling over a gun Give a damn what he done, that's my muhfuckin folk And I love that nigga to death, no muhfuckin joke I can feel my eyes fillin, the Lord is my witness If I catch him, I'mma kill him, I made it my business Back in the day, you stayed in my business Taught me I ain't have to incorporate yay in my business Coincidentally, that's why today you not wit me My cousin died over some yay, and I miss him Plus he at his family house, let's say she the eye witness But her boyfriend did the shootin, judge gave a life sentence I heard that, now I'm dressed up in all black Shot up the whole apartment, she still ain't brought back The best friend I had in Jamel, I lost that Guess ya death was a lesson in life, it taught me that [Verse 2] Know they say a nigga go to jail and sleep til day 2 Well that's how sick I was when J-Ru Found out the hard way, that when powder that they were tootin Overdose on heroin, died at 22 If you ain't heard about your daughter, she smile just like you So cute, even resorts to violence like you You know your baby momma loose, but ha, what can you do And I got 4 myself, yuh, it's been a few Now everything I do is for King, Messiah, Daysia, Demani Tell the Lord they all I've got, so please don't take them from me From me standin in the trap, with carryin this here cap Laughin at the niggaz who serve with no strap Tell them niggaz, man, y'all trippin with no maps Get robbed, and thats the part of my pistol ain't no help Me, you, the crew just fell out over dough and a lil crack Never could apologize, you died, that's why they say that [Verse 3] I bet you niggaz think I'm livin it up Til you see polices laughin as they pickin me up Went from seeing how many bitches I could fit in the truck To three hots and a cot, is you kiddin or what? Fuck how many millions I got, nigga, so what if I'm hot When I got prices on my head, feds rushin my spot A million haters want me dead, forced to carry a gat "But you's a seven-time felon, what you doin wit that?" It's a Catch-22, either you lose or you lose That's the way the game structured, for real, niggaz to suffer And I ain't neva been a buster, always stood on my feet Like a man prepared to take whatever coming for me A pussy nigga or polices with a warrant for me I'm a G, prepared to die for what's important to me Look anybody in the eye who say he want it wit me Put up the house and bet the odds if it's comin from me Ol G's say I need to learn to be patient You telling me with these seven years of probation Pistol charges and a host of other open cases If niggaz only knew the kind of time I was facin I try to keep it to myself, but sometimes I couldn't take it Got four kids, the smiles on they faces Mean more to me than my crown and my bracelet Take that away from me, and my life is butt naked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Ride Wit Me Typed by: Street.Hustla.OnSMASH@gmail.com [Intro] Let's get it homeboy! Y'all already know what is man, this ain't nuttin new to y'all man! T.I.P., Pimp $quad Click ya understand that? King of the South! Hey! Westside of the A-Town, nigga you don't know no better nigga BANKHEAD!! [T.I. over Intro] Huh, huh-ayyyy Yuh, yuh, huh-ayyyy Grand Hustle - c'mon and kick it wit me for a minute y'knahmsayin? Come and ride wit'cha boy man, hey! Y'all ready know what it is, aye.. We gone swing by some sororities y'know what I'm sayin' We gone ride down Bankhead my nigga C'mon and ride wit a nigga right quick aight? Come and ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at Where them suckers get it at and hustlas keep the chickens at Ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at Where hoe niggaz be snitchin at and often come up missin at Ride wit me nigga, lemme show you where we kick it at Where them killers livin at and T.I.P. be trillin at Ride wit a G, come and ride wit a G All through the A.T.L., come and ride wit a G [T.I.] See me ridin through Atlanta in a Phantom wit the double do' Make these bitches wonder what he be in so much trouble for I'm touchin folk, anytime they tryin Grand Hustle folk And bustin folk, what the fuck they arguin fussin cussin for? You lucky hoe, a couple of years ago I'da probably cut your throat But fuck it though, what I'm spendin somethin on a nothin fo'? This well-known flow, man I got this shit from Simpson Road Adamsville, Bowen Homes, Center Hill to Zone Fo' A drop top, flip flop, shine as the chrome glow TIP pop out the roof, ay what he up in Herdon Home fo' with long dough, shit he just doin what he known fo' Blowin 'dro on twenty-fo', livin how the song go Rubber burnin, turnin corners, beatin like a congo You try to jack and pull the strap, it's +ASAP+ pronto King of the South, every hood's head honcho I'm Westside certified, go where the fuck I wanna go [T.I.] Hey I done told y'all I'ma O.G., never had cold feet You end up with no teeth, nigga +U Don't Know Me+ I'll knock ya off ya feet, put holes in ya 'til ya clothes leak Toss this in the river like I threw away my old heat You chose to oppose me? Who the fuck you 'posed to be? Mechanicville to Summer Hill, the zone three done roll wit me No hoe's in me, you know all that blow before they sold me? I'm everything you 'posed to be, boy ain't no runnin over me Kick it wit the +King+ and lemme show you what I mean man Most these niggaz rappin 'bout a block, ain't never seen nann Real niggaz recognize, real niggaz and ye ain't nann You don't know how to stab a nigga dead, keep a clean hand or sell a block for twenty-fo' you got for seventeen gram From Eastside niggaz and Kirkwood and Little Vietnam These 26's keep the attention of bitches Come and ride wit me pimpin, lemme show you how we get it [T.I.] Alabama, Mississippi, come and ride wit a G Dallas ride wit a G, Houston ride wit a G Carolinas, Virginia, Philly come and ride wit a G Memphis ride wit a G, Chicago ride wit a G California, Florida, Detroit they all gon' ride wit a G Phoenix ride wit a G, St. Louis ride wit a G Seattle ride wit a G, Jersey ride wit a G Vegas, New York, and D.C. they all ride wit a G The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Why You Wanna Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [Intro] Hey T.I.P. pimpin Hey shorty why you gotta act like that, I'm sayin I'm just tryin to be nice to you Go and tell a nigga no, wit a ass so fat Hey why you wanna go and do that love huh Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that, do that Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that In a relationship been faithful to a nigga so whack Hey why you wanna go and do that love huh Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that, do that Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that..aye-aye [T.I.] Can't help but notice how you glowing, I can see in yo face Now I just wonder if he know he close to being replaced Swear I treat you like a queen you put me in his place So you can give back his ring and the key to his place Tell the nigga one thing that you need yo space Selling niggaz is one thing you dont need to chase I wanna kiss you everywhere between yo knees and waist Hear the sounds that you makin, get yo knees to shake Holla at me in the A, you feel you need to escape I gotta mansion and a gate, you wit me you safe A Benz, a Phantom and a truck wit 23's the case 600 G's in the safe, how much cheese it take? This a chance you need to take, ain't no need to wait Say the word we can leave today, this song's special And it feel like faith, make a mistake How the same thing making you sad making you stay [T.I.] Can he touch it like that, and make it feel like this How I left and came back and its still like this Do he hit it from the back and make you feel it yo chest Take advantage of what your concealing in yo dress What, he think he too fresh to show that you the best Compliment you on your hair and legs and treat you wit respect Give you sex 'til you sweat, tongue kissing on yo neck It's been awhile since she got it like this I bet I can tell you ain't just another bitch I met Ain't nobody got me open like this, not yet You confused ain't decided which way you should go yet So how you keep sayin no with yo panties so wet [T.I.] This nigga playing mind games man I think the time came, that you mind changed you understand Life is like a chess move, you need to make yo next move Yo best move, keep it pimpin' you understand... hey I mean you know what I'm sayin I don showed you how I feel You know what I'm sayin, I put myself all the way out there you know The ball in yo' court man, but I just got a question for you... Is you happy?? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Swizz Beatz Album: King Song: Get It Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Swizz Beats] The kings back [T.I. chorus] I got that get it get it I got that get it what you need From soft parts to trees got that get it what you need I got that get it I got that get it what you need From dope boyz and bitches who love dat rd [Chorus 2] Come and get it hey cuz I got it bitch Tell and get you know I got It bitch [Verse 1] I got my broads if u want em On the C.O.D please 5 g's I don't promise but I got good numbers Tote 2 thunder, sat that lumber Got that guacamole holy moly you don't know me See me clean as I wanna be, what these niggas wanna be Shots so bright I can't see niggas standing right in front of me These niggas don't want none of me, this rapping shit is fun to me What I look like beefing wit you nigga yousa son to me Move weight out to Georgia get it cross the water Rive that shit to New York coming all the way from Florida Dope boy trap nigga that's what they call em Summer time balla when I buy the mall up [Chorus 1 + 2] [Verse 2] Mighta seen me getting gas at the Citgo and he sit the six low Riding right beside a 45 and what its hitting fo Shawty aint bullshitin folk he'll be out be here hitting folks Stick around and try to tell polices what he did it fo Aint nuttin he aint did before other niggas getting so Blurred wit the pussy and bet some even getting so Long he aint funny he got that long money Naw money you niggas barely got hit the mall money I'm the perfect example of how to hit the ground running From the trap to busting up how the underground stunting So you still see me down at the underground stunting Ima Westside Bankhead nigga it aint nothing [Chorus 1 + 2] [Verse 3] I was raised off Easy, 'Cube, Ice T, 8Ball, MJG, 'Face, Pimp C Ima king just believe me, try me when you see me And niggas start busting like they start busting pushups push a Button shot calling niggas not balling Just doing a lotta loud mouthing and not dogging I got the shit locked from Atlanta to New Orleans Virginia Mississippi Kentucky I run all dat You niggas better fall back, boy grab a ball bat Take it to ya skull, dats gone be the end of all dat Insist on having problems, bet dis revolver will solve dat Hit em in the temple then I leave em where they fall at [Chorus 1 + 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Top Back Typed by: Street.Hustla.OnSMASH@gmail.com [T.I.] Haaaa... Mannie Fresh I got you nigga I'm gonna show these niggaz what to do with one of your beats I'm shuttin the whole block down Here comes trouble homey I'ma tell you how the king like to ride homeboy [Chorus: repeat 2X] I like my beat down low and my top let back Can see me ridin 24's with a chopper in the back Holla if ya like ya Kenwood high and ya top let back If ya rims sit high and ya windows pitch black [Verse 1] I'm the man in my city ain't nobody fuckin wit me You can ask the real niggaz and all the bad bitches I'm a known drug dealer I always have 50's And the thugs and the killers was all in class wit me SS'S on 26's watchin some television Shorty I'm never slippin got the berretta in vision And ready to pop the clip in, ready to get to trippin Ready to show these folks a celebrity pistol whippin Pimp stolen the automobile and the roof for the tag missin Polices try to pursue me it's nothin but gas given Addicted to fast livin, yes I'm one of my dads children Think I'm bad now shoulda seen me before I had children Give dick to ya daddy's daughter and they oughta have children? Hope he got some insurance cause I definitely have some endurance? Kill her in Mississippi and drive her ass to Missouri Still my waint pet drippin while I'm woodgrain grippin [Verse 2] I got this Pimp Squad Click I know you hearda bout us Young niggaz filthy rich and we ain't worried bout much On this glock I clutch In God I trust If a fuck nigga start bet his heart I bust Got ya partners and the broad in ya car fucked up What, ya under estimation thought a star wouldn't bust I got the heart and the guts on this purp I blow Move ten bricks daily tryin to twerk five mo Ya see the Cadillac swervin down Hollywood Road On the flyest bird in Cali fuckin Hollywood hoes On a pill and half with my partner Young Dro Bumpin Goodie Mob Soul Food number fo' Other rappers' old dudes told dudes I'ma pro With a loaded fo fo and a quarter brick of blow (Hey) nigga don't you hit me less you buyin 6 or mo' My 24 blades glistenin and my 808 kickin [Verse 3] I wear the crown down under man somebody better tell 'em 'fore I spit a hundred rounds and have everybody bailin I got some bitches in a Benz and my partners in the Chevy And now we ridin Giovannis and Asanis on Pirellis If ya ever think ya tryin to run up on me just forget it The clip in the chopper long as ya leg and leave ya shredded Pistol way in the truck got my knife on tuck Ya think he ain't getn stuck you got life fucked up A couple stiches in ya hip will have ya night fucked up Will he live? Will he die? Guess he might luck up Meanwhile I'm racin my Ferarri like a light for a buck Against Lamborghini Gallardo everytime I get a car... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.G., Pimp C, Young Jeezy Album: King Song: I'm Straight Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [T.I.] Yeah, yeah, uh, aye! What the fuck I gotta worry about now? Nigga you think after weatherin' the storm and comin' from the extremes I came from You think I'ma call all the way and get scared? Ahah! Nah nigga.. I'ma motherfuckin' win Nigga if all this shit go out the window right now man I'm all too familiar with this shit My nigga I'm straight ya dig? Please believe that shit man. Hey! {*echoes*} [Chorus I: T.I.] You can keep the car, the clothes, the money and the hoes Just gimme a couple of O's, drop me off at the sto' And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt Hey you can keep the dancers and the boppers, the plexers and the poppers Let me fill up my Impala, boy holla at my partners And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt [T.I.] I gotta couple of V's wit' the kits, MPV's on my wrist A lot of glamour and glit's, but shawty I don't need that My beginnin' was a humble one, a hustler I'ma son of one Taught me how to number run, I went from that to number one Had a hundred ones, I bought a slab flipped another one Sold my little three-eighty east, and said I need another gun The littlest in the trap, and got it poppin like some bubblegum Junkies hatin' on my stacks, sayin' I'm nuttin but a young Buck, niggaz say, "What?" Then he see me raise up Just wanna see the little boy wit' nuts change a old nigga whole face up 'Cause I spray the nigga's whole face up, wet the nigga from the waist up They'll try you once 'til you pull a .40, then tell 'em shawty don't play wit' us I'm fourteen in the dope game and don't care 'bout catchin' no case bruh Don't consider me, not statistically, another nigga it's too late for Hey wait bruh, bet any nigga came from that? Who lose it all the day, I bet he say he changed from that [Chorus II: T.I.] Hey you can keep the game and the fame, the haters and the lames Just gimme some cocaine and some wood I can slang And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt Hey you can keep the clones and the clowns, the throne and the crown Well-known in the town that I'm holdin' it down So I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt [B.G.] Okay now, now when I spit it, I spit it how I live it Every verse I ever gave ya, it was fact, nothin' fiction I'ma +Livin' Legend+.. no stuntin', no reppin' You can check my track record, I'm highly respected I'ma gangsta in the game, go ask Lil' Wayne Ask Judge Johnson, how many times he saw my face For, "pistol here, pistol there," "violation here, violation here" Betta ask Rank, I ran the jail when I was there I held it down, where-ever I go When I'm in the A wit' the +King+, or in Detroit in the snow I'ma pro, whether it's movin' snow or movin' 'dro That's between me and you, I can get it for the low But that's nuttin, everybody say they gotta story Mine on "Larry King," theirs is on "Maury" At the end of the day, it seems to won't go away I guarantee +The Heart of the Streetz+ is straight [Chorus I] [Young Jeezy] Snowman bitch (bitch), I ride two-seaters (vroom!!) It's a cold world, so I keep two heaters (geyeah!) I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt, you betta ask somebody (body) Matter fact nigga you can just ask me (me) A little over aggressive, yeah I just might be But half the niggaz in the hood just like me (damn!) You wonder why a nigga talk eight balls all day? You should try standin' around wit' eight balls all day (YEEEAAAHHH!!) Somebody pray for me, I don't know nothin' else (AYE!) Why should I help you, when you ain't tryin' to help yourself I came in this game, fresh out the streets (yeah) Who you kiddin' nigga, I put my life on these beats (YEAH!) Fuck bein' broke, this a reality check (check) While you mad at ya girl, ya betta check reality (AHAH!) Gotta crawl 'fore you walk, you gotta think before you talk Damn right they gon' hate (geyeah!) but shit niggaz I'm straight (AHAH!) [Chorus II] [Pimp C - talking after song ends] Say what it do? Young Pimp C know what I'm talkin 'bout? Yeah, nigga want me to speak on some "king" shit, know what I'm sayin'? On the cool y'know.. young nigga T.I. jumped out there said he was the king of the south He ruffled a whole lotta niggaz' feathers But niggaz didn't really understand what the nigga was talkin 'bout Y'know.. and uh.. so everybody had it twisted but.. me I understood from the get go That what the nigga was tryin' to put in these motherfuckin' stupid ass niggaz' faces!! Was the fact that it's a whole bunch of kings down here And as long as you takin' care of yo' business and doin' king shit you a king! What these niggaz shoulda been tryin' to do was tryin' to get close to the nigga And get some understandin' about the type of game He was tryin' to put in these motherfuckin' niggaz' ear holes! Understand what I'm sayin'? So I'm layin' back I'm watchin' the game from the sideline Know what I'm talkin 'bout? And I'm seein' all these ol' pussy ass niggaz out here Talkin 'bout they this and they that, but they really ain't doin' nothin! 'Cause they motherfuckin' paper ain't right When I see them in the street, they diamonds fake! Know what I'm talkin 'bout? They shit ain't cut right, ya shit ain't right! Shit cloudy and chipped up, know what I'm talkin 'bout? And them niggaz talkin 'bout they "trill niggaz" Don't even know what the motherfuckin' word mean! Know what I'm talkin 'bout? This comin' from the O.G. style trill Know what I'm talkin 'bout? Not these ol' fake ass niggaz Tryin' to come on the scene later on and tryin' to take glory for some shit Some other niggaz paid dues for, know what I'm talkin 'bout? So this is what is.. we bringin' Georgia and Texas together All you ol' BITCH ASS NIGGAS that ain't down wit' the play Move on to the side, all you old school rappers like 'Pac say You niggaz flabby, lookin' like Larry Holmes BACK YO' BITCH ASS UP!! And, and, and, and move around for the South 'Cause it's our time to shine, know what I'm talkin 'bout? Now let's do this shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Young Buck, Young Dro Album: King Song: Undertaker Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [DJ Drama] Hahahaha... Y'all niggaz really thought we wasn't goin to do it again... C'mon man... Grand Hustle nigga!! You know what it is... T.I.P, DJ the fuck Drama, Young Dro, Young Buck... I said P$C whats happenin nigga!! [T.I.] I'ma pimp type, nigga ridin' clean after midnight Ready for the gun play, prepared for a fist fight Roll up on yo bitch and ask her what that pussy hit like First she acting funny, in a minute she gon get right Get down, got her fuckin with another bitch now I'm King of all that I survey, remember this is T.I.P. town Hey, you ain't ready pussy nigga better sit it down We Mac-90, rock steady nigga spit rounds Turn yo stomach to spaghetti when it hit the ground Toss the choppers in the Chevy than we mashing down Camelton? counting all yo Benjamins and Hamiltons As far I'm concerned you just a job for the janitors Don't disregard I'ma God you a amatuer Hide behind ya bodyguards and ya manager I pimp hard throughout all the pages and calendar Bitch it's Pimp Squad all action no cameras [Chorus - 2X] You know what it is, and you know what it do You know what it is, and you know what it do Shortay we bury niggaz, shortay we bury niggaz Shortay we bury niggaz, shortay we bury niggaz The Undertaker [Young Dro] Hey stand in on the trap with me Mashin me is blasphemy, 1000 round magazine My partnas say no attackin me I'm aged to the average beef, respitory flamin beats Fruit Chevy H.I.-C, my lyrics hit like HIV Spray by me, Sniper Dro, murder come today by me Bullet chip yo L.I.P and dirty all yo H.I.Ps Shot both of yo homies, now they feedin them through a I.V. The tray I be from the Westside, where they say I be May I be the ruler over all that I survey I be Laid back, yaze black, triple kiwi Mabach Weed match the Benz, kush triple kiwi 80 pack Old school baby crack I'm tryin to bring the 80's back Haitians get me Haiti crack, plus my momma hated crack Til we got a evicted and I came through with them 80 stacks Play it back, rewind where I live, I'ma zone 3 hustla Niggaz know what it is... [Young Buck] May we all bow our heads and pray for this nigga The Undertaker's comin any day for this nigga They hate him in the hood for the dreams he been sellin I read the paperwork and it seems you was tellin You know what it is, and you know who I'm talkin bout When the feds came, I didnt open up my mouth What you scared fo, niggaz know you been a ho It's like, homies shit was all good just a week ago Get the goons ready start up your ve-hi-cle And shoot at any fuckin car you ain't seen before Pick up the shells and then use a automatic They gave 50 years to my nigga Lil Travis Set a boobie-trap, let him trip over the wire Then he gon be laying, right by the preacher and the choir And before I do, T.I. go and handle yo biz When you see me holla at me homie, you know what it is The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Stand Up Guy Typed by: GrayFam08@bellsouth.net [Intro] Ey, I know you done kicked it with a lot of niggaz before But you ain't never kicked it with a nigga like me Hey Hey [Hook] I see ya baby, throw ya hands up high If you wanna come and kick it with a stand up guy Because the rocks go glisten and the drops on 20's Bend it over let it drop if you wanna roll wit me I say all my sexy ladies throw ya hands up high If you wanna come and kick it with a stand up guy Because it don't get betta, niggaz don't get cheddar Like that fella in the yellow, purple label ? sweater [Verse 1] The stones keep glowin' on my wrist like whoa And she can't stop lookin' I know ya bitch like those And she chose, ain't no question if ya bitch might blow Just get her to the crib and get her whole back so (sore) I'ma blow my dro', I'ma pop my peel Ask anybody wanna take a shot, I will Might see me in a different color drop, hot wheel With the top down low, and the glock concealed I got my niggaz who be racing up the block, One mil' If the police try to chase me you know they a done deal I got skills, anybody wanna come test ? this .45 will be up in yo chest A lot of ladies wanna kick it with a nigga so fresh He could spend a 100k, any day, no stress The watches is insane, the chain is grotesque Stay single if you wanna but you gain no cash [Hook] [Verse 2] If you got a man and you're tired of being there You done gave him too many chances, you're tired of being fair I give you the opportunity to ride with a playa You, me, and a couple of freaks in the ride with a playa Nevermind those outside, when they stare 'Cause the chrome 24's on the ride give a glare Because of one guy, you decided to share As long as you having the time of your life, who cares Man, we all sinners, what matters is in the center I know god see its hard, and I'm a stand up nigga You can't beat me 'cause you ain't man enough nigga I look him in the eye and tell him man up nigga You really getting money? Throw a grand up nigga Wanna fight? You should've hit me when you ran up nigga Really swift, don't waste a hammer, body slam fuck niggaz Go and kick it with the hoes and throw ya hands up with 'em [Hook] [Verse 3] You ain't know me 'cause I live so special Try to stay low key but it's still so special Flat screens in the floor, quarter mil' in the dresser Jewelry box glowing like I loan on treasure I'm chillin' with Vanessa, met a girl named Heather Told her "Hi, how ya doin'? Buy a drink? My pleasure" Told her if she got a homegirl go tell her That I got a hard rug, I could go for-ever If Vanessa wanna touch it just let her If she laughed out loud, I'll be shocked if we jus met her Bought the dro', get low, and its only one-fifth And it's four peels left, do you wanna come with? [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: You Know Who Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Alright man, y'all win I won't say it, at least for this song, hey [Verse 1] Said they lookin for the realest, well I'm real as it get Rap to the nigga dealin hard who live in the jects Til some better nigga wit her, ain't delivered 'em yet My mouth is, but I got a pistol bigger than that I live and die by my respect so I honor the code Peep niggaz who be out here flexin, stuntin for hoes And if you ain't never chose to remember nothin before Just know the game is some you win, some you don't But you already begin again, start, it go Learn to shoot a pistol, flip a O, how hard it go Man if you ain't ever heard of Pimp Squad before You better ask a real nigga or a broad you know Cause you ain't ready for the pros, get it outta ya brain You in over your head, way out of your lane I been sayin I'm filthy rich and got it from caine So would you say them niggaz know if they done got it the same, right? Cause you know who, you know what Of the you know where, goin against us, too unfair Cause everywhere you do a show, we got kinfolk there And now you know I ain't no more, not a tinfolk there It's you know who, you know what Of the you know where, beef now don't you go there And if you do, don't use our copy producers, he won't care If he leave the hood alone, pimpin he won't share man [Verse 2] I know you think you out there gettin it in But whatcha doin, I done did it once and did it again I had a trap between runnin while living in sin He done settlin down, turnin nine millin or ten I give a damn if I never sell a million again I gotta thank you a million for just lettin me in But now I'm settlin in, gettin used to the view On top, won't stop til I'm huger than you Gon flop? Who? Me, pimp you losin your screws We gotta dope if you lettin niggaz shoot into you You ain't ready for the shit I'm introducin to you The roof in the back of the park ain't translucent as you So now your nigga dressin up, man do what you do I got style, pimp, it's more than just the suit and the shoe This been proven, I'm the truth, stamp government seal I'm more than any of these other niggaz, just Southern with deals, for real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Common, Pharrell Album: King Song: Goodlife Typed by: tericoharper@yahoo.com (T.I.) I keep telling myself Man I'm living the good life (Pharrell) I'm living the good life {*2X*} I'm on top of the world I'm on top of the world {*2X*} [T.I.] I was born into poverty raised I the sewerage Streets always would be a part of me, it made me the truest And even when my days were the bluest I never ran from adversity, instead I ran to it Fear ain't in the heart of me I learned just do it You get courage in your fears right after you go through it Now I come through in a Coupe on 22's That ain't bad for a nigga who ain't even finish school Don't get me wrong I never been a fool I just put off graduating for a pair of tennis shoes I used to use the beat to paint my pain But nowadays man I can't complain I got several automobiles and they all on thangs Several with solid tags and they all in one chain Used to see me in the mall I'm the same And gettin brains from a couple of broads on the plane [Common] I come from Chi-Town lost and found in the struggle Where dudes say stay safe and stay out of trouble Speak is muffed the law and B gon try to cuff you Those with duffles move weight and have muscles I came through the dirt with a verse for the people Open up for Daddy Kane and Easy up at the Regal The radio rarely put their needle on my record They ain't see how the hood and heaven were connected Sounds projected, ain't show how effective Lessons learned, sessions turned to life reflected And everything I found real in life know I kept it They say life's a teacher, you're gonna get tested When a nigga changed they keep saying that nigga strange Couldn't see how my mind won't be the lame Ahead of my time I caught up with the game Making good music making paper making change [T.I.] I put on gasoline drawers I stood in the fire With enough heat to set the hood on fire Man you niggaz think Suge was off the wire You should've seen the squad before I had Messiah We assumed the title as the number one supplier Felt like I was selling blow since I was in diapers And wish a nigga would come try us We was cool with the killers, best friends with the lifers Quick to up and scrap with niggaz who want to deny For what we considered then as a lucrative empire But like that pimping time flash by you Now I wonder what the judge think as he reading my priors Prison ain't full and the reefer ain't bias Anybody tell ya different's a damn liar Gave the jail hell and shot birds at the hearse Lived through worse and reversed the curse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Hello Typed by: sflturtle@yahoo.com -T.I.- Hey, what's happenin? It's been a minute, huh? I'm just hollarin, how you doin? It's been a minute since I seen ya I fell off the scene Cuz it seemed like you wanted other things then the king Why fighting, fussing, cussing, disagreeing wit the king? When you got cribs, cars, bling and a king with the king Is the grass as green as you seen in ya dreams? Are you getting all the little thing you needed and I ain't bring? Satisfy your self-esteem, being seen on the screen Is this nigga the real thing or is he just a little fling? Did he buy you a nice bracelet and get you a little ring? Or give you the attention and all of them little things? He know what to do with the stuff that you stuff in them little jeans? Does he stand up and lean in until you start screaming? Then smack your ass and kiss your g-string and start eating Do you get it how you need it or only when its convenient? I just pick up the phone to call you every week or two To let you that I'm missing you and see how that nigga treatin you -Govenor-Chorus- I remember morning, noon, and night I used to hold you tight I know we used to fuss and fight But I'm just calling to say, hello (hello baby) See time passes on, we stay close, even though we never stay together I just want to say, hello -T.I.- Hello? It's me. Hey what's happening? How ya doin? Know there's plenty niggas pursuing Dem panties off for the screwing Fly you down to Miami Let you walk the red carpet while I'm out at the Grammys But I am what he can never be A boss, understand me? He supposed to take pictures of the things he buy for you He got you roses but that don't mean that he will die for you Hey maybe I got too much pride to cry for you But not enought for to call and tell you that I adore you And tell you how I'm missing you, loving you, and kissing you Think about the good old days and want to visit you This song I like to listen to whenever reminissing you You stay on my mind, nevermind how I picture you Think about the past and all the time that I spent with you Rubbing that ass from behind as I dig in you Never been a doubt in my mind that I was digging you How I love you shorty, you'll never find another nigga to -Govenor- Every now and then I think of you I can't lie, I be wanting you But I understand that I'm not your man And I also know that future is not in your hands So every now and then I call you to say how you doing nd baby I miss, girl This is just to say hello Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Song: Told You So Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Grand Hustle Pimp.. Hey, whats happenin shorty Me being a true player and all I mean you know as a stand up guy you know I really hate to say I told you so But, man I told you so Back when we said we were goin to run this shit man When we said Pimp Squad Click, Grand Hustle was the business When we said their was a whole nother side of Atlanta A nother bunch of motherfuckers in the trap, y'all didnt know Man, I told you so They thought a pimp wasn't s'posed to blow Because I was rappin about moving o's and blow Pimp I told you so They thought that Outkast closed the door And Ludacris came in and sold his 4? Man, I told you so The Mac, C-Rod, Kuntry and Dro And AK had the coldest flow Nigga, I told you so I said the future was right up under your nose You thought the south wouldn't explode no more Remember, I told you so [T.I.] Way back when Kriss-Kross was hollering "Jump" on ya tube They was still gettin jumped at school, we used to tote them tools Don't get me wrong I'll give respect to them dudes But approach us wrong, and we'll smoke them fools, ain't no joke it's the truth Fuck a hater, let 'em do what it do I'm busy now, but I'll be through in a few And then I'm coming for you So keep shit talking like it's something to do I'll spend a 100 grand get a killer something to do I been hustlin since 92' when I heard UGK Hollering "Pocket Full of Stones" I was on my way Had a history in the yay, before I started to trap 13, let me take you back farther than that When my uncles was baggin blocks, used to count the stacks I was only 8, and my grand-daddy can vouch for that And my pops had alot of work, alot of folk he got 'em work And ran numbers, said if he ain't wanna, he ain't gotta work Why I sold rocks, I guess I got from pops My uncles ? man ? a chip off the old block The nigga you hear now the same one from off the old block Who used to stand on Front St. and get off the old block I remember the P$C, Killer Mike, David Banner and me and YoungBloodz Ran through Atlanta with heat, when even Atlanta was sleep Nigga, back before you heard of me I was middle man into serving keys when KC was serving 3 I'm on top because I deserved to be So simmer down, calm your nerves at least Speak your words with peace Before you lay out on the curb deceased Think about it, it's absurd to beef I took my songs to street He told me dopeboy was the bomb in the street Since then, my name rang like alarms in the street Who knew how long it would be If only LA knew how wrong he could be I told you ain't nobody stronger than me This southern rap shit of the day is something I helped design Puerto Rico of the mix show I'll let you know who the next in line the Snowman, Paul Wall, the Thug ? Alot of other niggaz shouldn't of even been signed Thats a opinion of mine Because these niggaz be neglecting the grind Ain't waiting on nobody to let me shine, I'ma go get me mine And then they wonder why they checks behind Cuz TIP was 20k? back in the day, need me to press rewind What be on these niggaz mind, man don't get me to lyin I seen ya kind, dopeboy, and that ain't even ya kind Ain't never sold a gram of crack, and ain't no need of ya tryin Back in the trap, pimp I don't see him survivin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ P$C, Young Dro Album: King Song: Bankhead Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [Intro] Westside nigga.. Hey! [Chorus] x2 I got my 44, and my dro And my Chevy on 24s, and my ho Now where am I s'posed to go [T.I.] See me ridin in a Chevy, 44 on the seat With a quarter or a blow get low than we see No tag, no liscense, trunk loaded with D Ridin Fulton in D where we know it to be They pull us over, you think I'm stoppin, you must be fuckin wit me If they dont want to die tonight, they best stop fuckin wit me I'm gonna pull over in born home my cousin and B And they gon hide me in they home while they looking for me [Big Kuntry] Hey we the neighborhood superstars Couple Chevys pullin hard 1000 dollars worth of dimes in the trap with rockstars We puttin fear in cowards hearts, when they see us on the block Swervin in the deuce in quarters bustin shots just because The hell I care about gettin caught, I'm makin bail by 12 o'clock Back in the spot with the same bomb serving drops I pull a hoe in Bangkok, dropped her off at TIP's spot I'm burning rubber, fuck the cops, another dead on my block [Mac Boney] I'm Cadallac daddy, pull up on some hoes from old Natty I said I'm Pimp Squad ho whats happenin Westside get them panties, snap She asked me can I do the Laffy Taffy I said I do it to make the pussy happy Let's get a room over on Virginia Step inside sweeter than ? Ya airing for a little fender bender Baby just remember, make it quick These niggas kind of know me, I'm the shit [C-Rod] I'm in a bubble kush Chevy, well at least thats what it smells like Hit the gas, blue fire blowing out the tail pipe Tail pipe, thats all these hos wanna lick for the night I treat em like Tina, beat that pussy and you call me Ike Thats right, monster ride sittin on the 28s It sound like a stadium, you would of thought the Braves played The engine running like Vick, with the Falcons on the hood Mr., Mr. Westside, yeah you know they in my hood [AK] Ain't no tellin where I'm goin, less I'm steppin out Sittin on the high life, windows up, in the clouds Open up the console, thats where I got my gun Right next to that, get that bag and roll another one I got the vitamins, make a freak fuck all night Hos know, killers on the Westside earn stripes Make that money turn bright, just look at my peice and my grill Swervin off Church St. the pimp God gave me skills [Young Dro] I was born up in Bankhead, yall remember me Way back in 83', T.I. stayed up the street from me Just cuz I'm from Bankhead, niggas having beef wit me Half never seen a G in a cap in my Beamer V Ten screens falling, my Chevy watch it lean on me Ridin down Simpson, bout to waste my purple lean on me Purple linen clean on me, the whole zone 3 on me Waffle House Charger, yellow-black I got a bee on me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs T.I.P. Song: Act I: T.I.P. Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*TV changing channels*} "Rapper T.I." "3 Grammy nomination..." "With the second highest debut on the hip-hop..." "If you look left there's a monkey next to an anaconda" "Sentenced to probation..." – "BBC" "Philant John..." - "Philant Johnson, gunned down" "In a hail of gun..." "... suffered a miscarriage" "_ATL_ opens with a..." "Featuring with the acting debut of rapper T.I." [T.I.] Man, I ain't sign up for this shit I lost my partner, and lost my life homes Man fuck this shit, I'm done Ay, listen homes, get Atlantic on the phone, go on call 'em And tell Craig, Julie, Kevin, and Kyles – I need to holla at 'em First I gotta let 'em know I'm tired of rappin Fuck the money, ever since Phil died I ain't happy Hey what's happenin, we under new operations Though we ready for whatever, we like ya cooperation better Listen when I'm talkin, throw it off, I ain't patient I'ma tell ya once then start countin shell cases Don't mean to scare you but this bullshit is irritatin I'ma tell you like it is shawty, I ain't fin' to play I feel like another case comin round the corner any day I know the consequences, I'm the same nigga anyway - anyway It's way more important than what I'm fin' ta say Do what I say or I ain't droppin shit 'til twenty twenty-eight (Who gives a fuck if he comes on the 20th for 28th?) {He said the year 2028 you fucking moron!} Listen guys, on that B-I shit It's T.I.P. from here on out, fuck that T.I. shit Give a damn what any nigga gotta say 'bout this (Yo check this cat) Yeah I think it's best to say I did it Don't be e-mailin no itineraries, I won't get it Ya best bet just holla when they fill the jet Tell Cindy ain't no photo shoots and I ain't interviewin Refuse and I'll build a subdivision and shoot a dozen movies {Cash that check and be spendin our money} You right about that honey, thanks for doin that for me Speakin of money - you can always buy me out but the price high I ain't none of T.I. nigga, no mo' Mr. Nice Guy [Lyor Cohen] Listen kid, understand me here (what?) This is Lyor Cohen (yeah yeah) You better treat this company with some respect (ha ha ha ha) And you better not be playin with my motherfuckin money [Outro: T.I.] Oh I got ya motherfuckin money partner, but I ain't playin You got any sense you'll do what the fuck I say I ain't sellin no goddamn albums And that ain't no threat, that's a motherfuckin promise jack! Come and see me if you want it Get it like the Red Cross nigga! {*phone hangs up and dial tone*} [repeat to fade] Hustle pimp, hustle pimp {*busy signal*} "If you'd like to make a call, please hang up and try again. If you need help, hang up and then dial your operator." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Big Shit Poppin' Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro] Hey, hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it Whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it Whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it [Hook] Let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option [Bridge] Now do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it [Hook] Now let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option [Verse 1] Now do it to the maximum, take it while you askin' em Don't listen to them suckers when they say you too irrational See, I said it on "King" and them lames started laughin' and Same suckers now want the King on a track with 'em I composed several classicals, you know like "Top Back" "Dope Boy", "Bring 'Em Out", and "What You Know About That" Now they ask how I talk, what you know about that? Dominated '06, now I'm goin' right back See me rain hell, I just showed you like that Even Denzel say, "Damn, I ain't know it like that" Nigga yeah, still Bankhead, you can tell Ain't nothin' changed but the name on the mail I still kick in doors with them thangs in the air Up in Benihana's, see me slang in the chair I will slang 'caine, no such thing as a jail Say you need a hundred squares? It just came off the scale [Bridge] Let's do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it [Hook] Now let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option [Verse 2] Now do it like a ball player Where you see me ball at Stacks tall as ball players From the stage to the air Whether in Miami, Cincinnati, or the Riverdale Arizona, California, make it rain anywhere Pullin' out that pistol nigga, who you think you fin' to scare? Twenty rounds of missiles'll have you pissin' in your underwear I tote about 40 cal so you better tone it down Or I suggest you just prepare yourself for when it goin' down A-Town, West Side, club where you'll catch me Right up at the top where Big Kuntry, Dro, and Mack be Jackers lie, say they caught me slippin', how could that be? I'm something like a stalker, I be e'rywhere the strap be The trap be, jumpin' with them hundred dollar slabs If I want it nigga, I could get a hundred on the tab Sell 'em all, double down, nigga do the math Think I won't pull up in something with 200 on the dash? [Bridge] Yeah I do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it [Hook] Now let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option [Verse 3] Now I do it like I wanna do it and do that shit in front of you Real nigga vision pimpin', I ain't seein' none of you I do it for my nigga Phil's daughter and his mama too I do it for my oldest sons and their grandmama too Do it for my daughters and my youngest son's mama who Go buy what she want because she know it ain't a problem to You do something to them and to you I'll bring the drama to You do it for a day or so, we do it for a month or two I do it for my partners, go make sure them niggas stuntin' too We do it with them choppers, ain't no problem, where you runnin' to? I do it for the block, that why ain't nobody stoppin' me I do it for my pop and my cousins too, they watchin' me I did it nonstop, now see how these niggas copy me I made it from the bottom to the top where I oughta be Who do it did good and do it did fresh No matter what I do you know I do it to death [Bridge] Hey I'ma do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it Hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it [Hook] Now let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin' Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option Now do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Raw Typed by: opal8t1@hotmail.com You niggas ain't raw I don't buy none a that bullshit you tellin' me King you'll never be, I can see you niggas ain't raw Hell naw, give a damn who you go and get Real niggas know it we can notice that you niggas ain't raw Even know now you 'posed to be down with so and so Still the same lame from a year ago, I know you ain't raw You ain't graduated with the gladiators, you just practice for the young assassinators You know you ain't raw [Verse] Fuck that shit you tellin' us I know you ain't shit as us You ain't no competitor, that shit there ain't scarin' us You bought ya self a slaughterin' a coffin's what you headed for You ain't wanna die well nigga what you pull a weapon for? Just cause we the niggas all of yo hoe bitches checkin' for and ain't nobody real niggas rather hear instead of us You ain't out shinin us, you ain't out sellin' us A lot of niggas do it don't nobody do it well as us Hater wanna flex with us Let em get vested up Hit em with the choppa chest and up, bet I wet cha up Let cha partna get cha up, ain't nobody catchin' us But this some shit I'm bound to receive a lethal injection for King of the whole thing, fuck whoever steppin' up Give a damn whoever behind him, care about who catchin' up Long as I'm alive the second best you have to settle for Come on now you really think you betta, bruh [Verse] I got 44's glowing on a boat just goin' This bitch, his bitch, and yo bitch blowin' Young pimpin' get dough like his last name Cohen My fan base spread and the shit kept growing that what got me getting head in the vessel of the G4 again hook a hustle up with investors now there he go again Twenty million later I guessin' it finally soakin' in unless you just a hater who mad at me cause he broke again Sellin' all his jewelry considerin' sellin' dope again cuz he was ballin' out of control and posed to be focusin' Wanna be the king by default they hopin' for openin' Pray the see the day they hear me say I never flow again But au contraire I guarantee one year after another they'll suffer as long as I'm here Fear no man alive I don't care, you don't run shit nigga be clear [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Wyclef Jean Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: You Know What it Is Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Ay boy, don't spill my drink boy, ba-lip! Now listen (Grand Hustle homie) Everybody report to the bloodclaat dance floor (ay, ay, ay, ay) Wyclef, "All Hands on Deck" – you love the beat? (Boy you know what it is, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay) Yo Tip, talk to me bloodclaat [Chorus: T.I.] I'm a real nigga homie, throw six figures on me Got a pistol you don't want it, boy you what what it is Ay, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher If they ever mention sire boy you know what it is I got that drama, you don't want no problems Dial up that llama, boy you know what it is Ay, I get money, all I count is big money Dick is all she get from me, boy you know what is Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay - boy you know what it is nigga [Wyclef] Yo T.I.P., let them likkle rap boys know how you livin [Verse One: T.I.] The wait is over, here we go again, I'm back into play Gon' sell another couple mil' and take it back to the A Gon' take that other couple mil' and put it back in the safe Five cash for the crib on the back of the lake I'm up in Crucial two-steppin with the gat in the waist T.I. ain't in the street no mo', fo'-fo', is that what they say? Don't even try him when you see him boy you have to be great Cause this pistol hit you in your face, your teeth they'll have to replace That's if you lucky nigga trust me, it don't hurt me to take 100 thousand to them Haitians you'll be murdered today, nigga [Wyclef] Yo T.I.P. some boys wan' playa hate Let them know who the King of the South is, talk to them! [Verse Two: T.I.] Well they sweatin when they see me, I'm apparently hot Had the album of the year nigga, Grammy or not Remember, all day I used to stay in the spot With two revolvers in my pocket, pitch a hand of that rock And now, chart toppin, ain't a car I ain't got I'm the number one customer at my own car lot You wanna know how much I'm makin, just imagine a lot You know I'm probably gettin more that you'd imagined I got Listen close, I need to know if you understand me or not Because you disrespectin me, you and your man'll be shot [Wyclef] Why y'all take shot, cause I'm movin? We'll pop you in your chest boy [Verse Three: T.I.] Well from the King of the South to the King of the States Ridin in a car you probably never seen in the states No idea how much yay I can bring in the states Hey you can get a hundred on 'em for a million today Frank Lucas ain't the only one who made a million a day But it's a American gangsta right here in your face And you don't wanna see P$C on the scene with a K You think you runnin up and robbin, that ain't even the case And just because you get away, that don't mean it's okay You a dead man walkin and I mean it, okay? Hey [Outro: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Some of them boys wan' talk 'bout they have done They guns sound like popcorn, ya When the King of the South (boy you know what it is) Get with the King of Haiti, big up Jamaica Expect this (boy you know what it is) Bloodclaat gorillas a-come out (hahhh, ay, boy you know what it is) And when that fire don't pop, come and gone We have big LONG machine guns then And when we pull them back (choppers'll hang you) BLAP, BLAP, BLAP, BLAP! Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! You like the beat? (hahhh, they better) We can sell you one y'know (well bop ya head then, okay) Yo big up to Haiti! (hey!) I'm the king, all the way to the ATL (Bankhead, okay) Yo big up the whole South, East West North (Grand Hustle homie) Yo London! Japan (HEY) yeah (P$C) Yo Tip, respect (hahhh, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Da Dopeman Typed by: opal8t1@hotmail.com Look at this little nigga, man Ay T.I. is that really you man? Yeah shawty, what's happenin'? Ay man can you give me a ride home, man? Man, it's 2:30 in the muthafuckin' mornin', what the fuck you doin' out here? Out here trappin' tryna get rid of this bomb and purp, man Man you can come with me on one condition What's that bruh? Let me convince you to put that bomb down I knew it T.I. What? You wasn't really on that dope boy shit I tell you what shawty, get in man I'll show you how to tote that tool Make that double Better be cool, you don't want no trouble Keep it leanin' to the left My gat stay cocked I'm always super clean when you see me on the block Keep my money in a knot with a rubberband on it Blow to marijuana, know I got it if you want it See me standin' on the corner, slangin' that crack You know how it is to be the man in trap I'm the dopeman nigga the dopeman nigga the dope the dope dope the dopeman nigga I'm the dopeman nigga the dopeman nigga the dope the dopeman the dopeman nigga I'm the dopeman nigga the dopeman nigga the dope the dope dope the dopeman nigga I'm the dopeman nigga the dopeman nigga (From a ki' to a G, it's all about money) Look, bet all you see is tats, money, grills, and chains But if you scratch the surface you can feel the pain Names change but the situation still the same The bills need payin' nigga simple and plain Take a young'n who's aspirin' to get him some change Won't nobody hire him so he get in the game Went and bought a 50 slab, divide it up into ten Sold 'em all, double down, did it again By then you got enough to buy a quarter ounce You sellin' dimes to forty fiends buy it and bounce Throw some money to your momma keep some food in the house Cop the outfit and the Jordans on the day they came out Betta get ya self a pistol know the jackers is out Flip another seven grams, oh you hustlin' now Time to get yourself a half, make sure it's some glass A hundred bags sell it fast stack a G now you officially (I betcha think you pretty good at it now, huh?) Now once you flipped a couple o's know the game get gravy Take twelve fifty go git ya two and a baby Yeah sixty three grams if you whip that right you should get back five or six that night Stack that money and repeat that twice Buy you somethin' to ride in, ya gotta be tight Next time you buy somethin' take twenty-five hundred Get four and a half it come back in nine don't it Now stay low key when the money keep comin' Keep some niggas on ya team to show these suckas they don't want it By then your connect will clearly see you on ya grind Shit you come to get a nine and he front you what you buyin' As long as you bring back your money on time And if you snort blow, do it on your own time At this rate you'll be at a brick in no time They say the want some weight, tell them niggas stand in line (Stay with me now shawty, here comes the fun part) Now the robbers plottin' on ya and your name stay buzzin' You caught a sale case down in Macon with your cousin Your connect ain't worried, you and him cool He know you'll never tell what you and him do A mob of a hundred just a few of them true You heard a worker snictchin' on you and it's true Everybody know you sell that shit The feds come and get ya, shit we heard you Tote that tool, make that double Better be cool, you don't want no trouble Keep it leanin' to the left, my gat stay cocked I'm always super clean when you see me on the block Keep my money in a knot with a rubberband on it Blow that marijuana know I got it if you want it See me standin' on the corner slangin' that crack You know how it is to be the man in trap I'll show you how to be a The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jay-Z Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Watch What You Say to Me Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Ay, Ay, Ay Watch what you say to me  You better watch what you say to me Watch what you say to me You say, I'll spray Watch what you say to me You see me and ya know I'm tooled up You don't wanna see me cut the fool bruh Watch what you say to me Let me find out you talkin tough in ya song When you see me you know what's up boy, it's on Nigga, what you say to me? Cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never I'm just warning all you sucka niggas Better watch what you say to me Cause I'm known to make a mountain out of mold Hell, you don't wanna get ya four kids... Watch what you say to me [1st verse: T.I.] Got a tool in my pocket and the club just rockin Watching ey' nigga while they girlfriend jocking They gotta let it go cause niggas already know I got that thang with me and they just to let it go I'm trying to mind my business though, tell I hear this nigga say yo "They ain't nobody, fuck em" I'm thinking I'm fitting to buss em Wait, look up the city, police is lookin at me I tell C, he tell Doug, they tell Jay-z When you see, then surround em, then call to squirrel me Pick a perfect spot and make sure that they girl see My man offered dude a drink, he said "what? wuchu think?" Then call from then on all you couldn't see nuthin but bottles Remy Martin to the noggin, bet it bust it wide open His bitch standing there hollering while he lying on the floor, shit Why you feeling sorry for him? He asked for it Listen ya'll, here come the moral of the story [2nd verse: Jay-z] Rap music is something ain't it? The way these pictures is painted You swear these niggas is dangerous, the gangsta shit they be saying Lock em up in the booth with a half ounce of that cannabis Sit back, and watch the outlandish shit they portraying But, soon as you see em they freeze up like in museums Them statues, you like, "Is that the dude, that said he was gonna (pop you)" Niggas get running before you finish ya sentence And then they back to riffing, when they off at the safe distance You like, you was just here, you disappear like magicians In thin air, I'm like damn, nigga at least keep it consistent I hear you baiting me lately, I been doing my best just to stay hater free Still watch what you say to me Sooner or later I take you up on your offer And put you all in ya place like I'm replacing ya father You talking, to the author, the architect of The Blueprint My DNA in ya music, muthafucka you stupid? [3rd verse: T.I.] Cuz I ain't never been a sucka, been gangsta my whole life So a nigga disrespect me and it's on on sight I hear what you say in ya song, some of that I don't like Keep it up, I feel tried, I see you, we gon' fight Be a man, say my name if you talking to me You never say it, well I figure you ain't talking to me Find out you is at the awards or was the code in the streets I swear I beat ya fuckin ass like it ought to be beat See I ain't whispering lame, I ain't one for the game If I say fuck you nigga then, fuck you nigga, simple and plain I say no problem, there's no problem, pimping you do the same Now you just, swallow ya pride cuz you know I'm off the chain Try to refrain from being violent but you come out ya face I got my lawyer paid up ready to catch me a case When I feel you disrespected me, I'mma get me a K But all this shit can be avoided one way... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Alfa Mega, Busta Rhymes Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Hurt Typed by: opal8t1@hotmail.com Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba You pussy niggas finna make me kill one a y'all [Hook] Ain't a damn thang change I still keep that thang right up under my shirt Betta tell 'em I ain't playin' because it's all fun and games until somebody get hurt Ain't a damn thang change I still keep thang right up under my shirt Run up on him where he hangin', BANG! cause it's all fun and games until somebody get hurt Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt boy you betta catch me first Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt boy you betta catch me first Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt boy you betta catch me first Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt boy you betta catch me first [T.I.] Alota pussy niggas talk like broads love runnin' they mouth But then turn and run in they house Put the gun in they mouth, tell a nigga talk shit now You think you think you know the go POW I ain't scared of the law naw I'm about to go to war what it is nigga win lose or draw I'll never get caught murkin' y'all cuz it ain't what you do It's what cha near and who saw Shawty I'm way too raw Catch me any day you want you could think I'm a play if you want But the fact still remain if I got a AK and you don't Well then playa you gone Don't get me wrong there's some niggas wanna kill me too (Well where they at?) But they ain't sayin' bout shit because they very well know where I'm at They could catch me in the booth right if it really like that Naw nigga that they hoe get him in the whole shit, the 44 spit they holla oh shit Protectin' her and you both hit You betta check ya girl or you be so sick If the choppa leave you with no dick Or a plastic bag holdin' yo' shit Leave 6 in you, a couple more in ya bitch And I don't miss 'cause I'm focused nigga [Hook] [Alfa Mega] I got you tip I'm finna ride homie Fuck niggas might talk loud act real, but they don't really want this here Pussy niggas betta act right, lay low we know where ya family live Trust me you don't want me up in ya crib with a ski mask on duck tapin ya kids You can pray all you want but I don't forgive Ya shoulda been doin' that before ya did whatcha did I ain't gotta spell it out pimp you know what it is I'll rest you case to ya real man you know what it is Plus I got a hundred goons with me, dressed in black Fifty at the front door, 50 at the back Half got K's, half got Macks Bring 'em out, bring em out, show me where he at We can do him right here, we could catch him in trap Run up on his 'lac put a hole in his hat With his brain on the dash, and his thoughts in his lap and dump 50 more on him and tell him to hold that Lights out, no hasta manana, hasta la vista, senora Y tu no tomorrow, no remorse and no sorrow And the next one a y'all niggas try me like that I swear to God man I'm really gon' snap [Hook] [Busta Rhymes] Right now I'ma give you somethin' that a make a nigga beg please When a bullet blows by, he'll probably feel a little breeze Drop to ya knees, see the big barrel of the chrome fifth triple grip handle in the squeeze I keep a couple of those for the niggaz who talk shit when I go to Jacob and cop that ring If you try to see me I'ma cock that thang And I'ma lock that thang, and the shots gon' stain (really?) The nigga ride inside the truck with me (and) for the most part the nigga stuck with me And tell you somethin' if you really were smart and you knew better people probably tell ya don't fuck with me Front if want motherfucka you can catch it Smile on my face even though I got a ratchet Pop off (police) pull me over believe I got a compartment if I gotta stash it Must I just remind y'all niggaz when I come through Know that I'ma find y'all niggaz take two Bust so many shots gun powder probably blind y'all niggaz now (Ok, ok let's go) See you don't know really wanna feel that Mossberg blow (naw) Clap up a nigga then I cap up a nigga When I finish it'll turn into an absurd show (listen) Then you better observe yo Feel the sizzle from the bullet of the glock burn slow (ssss) Shit probably twist you up just a little and have your body leanin' lookin' like a quarter past four Stay down betta (lay down) Checkin' for a nigga, come and put your body in the dirt I don't play bitch you, really need to go the other way If you ain't know I got it under my shirt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs T.I.P. Song: Act II: T.I. Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: T.I.] Mmm, God mm What the fuck, what time is it? I coulda swore I parked my car (shit) [T.I.] Ay, light hit my face sun brought the heat  Open my eyes see my car parked across the street And then it hit me I ain't really slept at all in a week Matter fact I don't even remember fallin asleep Alantic office claimin J. Geter keep callin the heat Is it an emergency or somethin you need to talk to me? J said - "I thought you needed to talk to me If it's a change made aware I think it ought ta be You makin ultimatums now you don't talk to me You make shit way worse then it ought ta be I ain't arguin on the phone, come talk to me I'll be waitin on you dawg at the office, peace" Now, thinkin hard as I walk out my house What the fuck have I done now, what could he be talkin 'bout? I been stayin outta trouble, shit I been on the couch Just workin on the album, I was listenin now Then, Doug called (ay you spoke to J?) Yeah is it somethin I don't know that I was supposed to say? All I know is for the hour I been woke today Niggaz comin with the riddles and the jokes today I'm real close to J, I seen ups and downs hit But I ain't never heard him sound the way that he sounded Really caught a nigga by surprise, I was astounded He a real cool dude but why he call me clownin? [Doug Peterson] + (T.I) You sayin you don't know 'bout it? (Know 'bout what?) Atlantic Records said you called the office and went nuts Makin death threats talkin loud gettin buck (Man they said I did what? Folk I'm just gettin up!) Say you waitin out your deal 'til you year is up You plannin to make away with 20 million bucks (You bullshittin me right? Is you serious bruh?) Yeah they said from now on they'd rather deal with us I talked to Craig, Jules and Kys' a long time Long story short they said you done lost ya damn mind And they runnin off deeper across ya deadline You crossin a thin line, don't give 'em a deadline or they suin the shit up out ya, they don't give a shit about ya Said you ain't doin nothin they couldn't have done without ya Man you ain't never been hotter, worked a whole lotta  years and came up to go way back to the bottom, what [repeat to fade] Hustle pimp, hustle pimp [Outro: T.I.] Man, the hell is y'all talkin 'bout?  I been in the house all night I don't know nothin 'bout that shit man I got the album right here! Man send this to 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Help Is Coming Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: T.I.] Help on the way, help on the way You say the game in trouble help on the way (fret not I tell you) Ay, ay, help on the way Ay, ay, help on the way (I got this shit) Ay, ay, help on the way You say the game in trouble help on the way (what you worried for?) Ay, ay, help on the way, hey (have I ever let you down befo'?) Ay, ay, ay, ay (ha ha ha) I got the game on lock, standin on top Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop (hey) Hey, hey, hey, hey (say hello to the guy) Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop Hey, hey, hey, hey (who single-handedly gon' save hip-hop, ha ha) Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop {Just Blaze!} [T.I.] They say the game fucked up and the records ain't sellin It was bad in '06, gettin worse in '07 Market over-saturated with all the bootleggin When it seems better shawty ain't no tellin Well call Lyor, give him this message Then hit Kys', tell him tell Kevin Craig, Julie Greenwald, all of them present That 50 mil' you gave me was a sound investment This time around we gon' sell five, no less than four on a slow day, call Vegas and bet this By the way, if you a winner I'm the one you should bet with J, tell them we the wrong niggaz to bet 'ganist Grand Hustle homie I'ma make you respect this They say the market share's down so I ain't affected Tell the label relax and ain't no need to stress shit Just cut the check and I'll handle the rest, shit [Chorus: T.I.] You say the game in trouble help on the way Don't worry 'bout nuttin, help on the way You say the game in trouble help on the way I got this shit, help on the way You say the game in trouble help on the way Don't worry 'bout nuttin, help on the way You say the game in trouble help on the way I got this shit, help on the way I got the game on lock, standin on top Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop I got the game on lock, it ain't gon' stop Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop I got the game on lock, standin on top Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop I got the game on lock, it ain't gon' stop Say hello to the man who can save hip-hop [T.I.] You hear my name so hot, I got the game on lock You niggaz keep floppin, I remain on top Still the same ol' me with the same ol' glock From the first CD with my Kangol top I would holla "Dope Boy" when I first came out It seems like e'rybody in the dope game now Man I told these niggaz that it ain't gon' stop All the hatin gon' stop or this thang go BAP Most of these niggaz ain't slang no blocks Got a lil' somethin but it ain't so hot Try to sell a record when my shit drop Get the cover of a magazine when my shit out No I think not, just think why would they pick you over I when you ain't this fly Better watch yo' mouth, boy you ain't that high The King of the South, no you ain't that guy [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T.I.] To the fans and the critics think hip-hop missin This a lil' proof that hip-hop livin You can hear a hip-hop top now just listen Now see hip-hop walk out with six bitches In the ATL see hip-hop chillin in a multi-million dollar crib hip-hop buildin You know how many different cars hip-hop's driven? Nigga I'm e'rything hip-hop's missin Nigga you is e'rything hip-hop isn't My heart and my soul where hip-hop livin To anyone whoever said hip-hop finished It can't be dead while I'm still in it I'm livin it And well might I add at that Ay homie, the real is This shit is very much alive baby [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: T.I.] Yeah man, record sales Huh, forget about it, I do this shit in my sleep man They say bootlegging's up, sho' nuff? I don't notice, ha ha ha ha Every album I drop I get better and better man, y'knowmsayin? Check my résumé, this is no motherfuckin exception If history serves us correctly Fuck the climate nigga, I turn the heat up when I want to Legend tells it... yeahhhhhh Okay, okay, ay Just Gather round I'll run it down people (we did it again baby!) This how it's gon' play out, down to the wire baby It's gon' be a photo finish (I don't know what you expected there) Just little ol' me man, ha ha ha If you don't like it man you better get your pistol ready man Time to kill yourself right about now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Wyclef Jean Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: My Swag Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: T.I.] You gotta get your swagger together nigga (ay) Get your suit fitted (ay) Starts on the inside, ya dig? I don't need mine, I got cribs where we goin (okay) If you don't love yourself you can't love nobody Keep up nigga (okay) I love myself You gon' need to travel ladies, you go and got that mack diesel right [T.I.] I'm the man from Atlanta, to way out in Cali Catch me in New York, I'm on the way to Miami I be in Hawaii, then catch me in Paris I be at home barely, I'll sleep when I'm buried What I need some sleep for? This dope got me geeked up I went to Japan and made a mil' in a week bruh These niggaz can't keep up cause they see me in London Or out in Ibiza, that time I ain't sleep for Bout three days maybe, you see me in Haiti With Wyclef Jean and a selection of ladies But my folk got that work in like they back in the 80's See the money's what move me, conversation don't phase me [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) (Tell 'em why cause I) Been around the worrrrrld Traveled the seven seas (and I be) Poppin bottles with celebrities (so you can find me) Flyin high, smokin better trees (ay, oh-ay-ay) Girls around the worrrrrld (yo, yo) They keep callin me (they call me) Paparazzi they be follow me (they all be) Hopin that they get a shot of me It's my swaaaaag (they wonder what's so special 'bout him) (Why they ain't sellin records like him, tell 'em) It's my swaaaaag (how he always look so cool) (That why e'rybody do what he do, tell 'em) Gotta be my swaaaaag (they wonder why he wear his hat like that) (When girls see him why they act like that, ay, I don't know) It's my swaaaaag (for some reason all the real niggaz love him) (Even though they girlfriend wanna fuck him, I guess) Gotta be my swaaaaag [T.I.] Gettin money in Frisco, wearin my raincoat See I'm gettin wet, and this bitch in the same boat I came in the game slow, they act like they ain't know that I wasn't gon' leave until I got what I came fo' I still can't complain though, as long as I ain't broke I came a long way but shawty ain't nuttin changed though I still let the tool go, don't get it confused bro Run up on me wrong, now what you think I'ma do bro? Send you to your maker, then go to Jamaica Or either to Cabo, I chill at my condo My swagger is perfect, hatin on me ain't worth it Guarantee you boy, the Earth my turf, if it hurts [T.I.] Regardless what haters say I'm as real as they come I'm chasin that paper baby however it come I'm singin a song and movin yay by the ton I bet you never seen a nigga gettin money so young How I get from the pen', all the way to Berlin I've been to Switzerland skiing and pimp I'm goin again It ain't nuttin to catch me in the south of France In a coffee shop smokin dro in Amsterdam And ain't nuttin to fly, all the way to Dubai St. Barts, St. Lucia, any day we can try G-5 to Moscow and they say I'ma lie I'ma ball like a dog 'til the day that I die [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: T.I.] This is impeccable pimpin You couldn't duplicate this shit if I told you how to man Hahhh, y'all niggaz keep up By the time you get to Puerto Rico my nigga I'll be in Cuba By the time you get to Cuba I'll be in Haiti By the time you get to Haiti I'll be way over in Africa man Y'knowmsayin? South of France in my land man The Earth's my turf my nigga {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: We Do This Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: T.I.] Hey, ain't no use in tryin to lie You know we be ridin fly All that stuff you tryin to buy Boy you know we be twice as fly We do this, I'll show you how to do this I promise we the coolest I'll show you how to do this I'll show you how to do this shit [T.I.] I got a drop fo'-thirty, rims so purty Came to shut your local lotto down, closed curtains You got a Murciélago I got a McClaren for it The baller of the year, I oughta win a award I got money off shores that I made off tour Cash stashed in a paper bag from my whore Some from the dro, some all blow Never go broke but I still want mo' Ya ain't gettin nuttin pimp if ya ain't gettin dough You got a bitch and you wonder why she ain't gettin low Cause she figured "What fo'?" Shit if you was tryin to be fly, I suggest you try a little mo' nigga [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T.I.] Who you ever seen under 30 this fly? Penthouse, South Beach, top floor at the Satai And this'll never stop, I'll be the shit until I die Then after that consider me a ribbon in the sky I'm G-4 flyin, big boat buyin So I land in Miami then I sail to a island My Cali crib high in the hills, I ain't lyin Man them bitches get high on anythang they tryin I got cars I don't know about, money I don't know about Mil' for a movie, get a hundred K a show about 10 mil' in real estate, make a nigga really hate What I care about it? I ain't like them niggaz anyway [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T.I.] I'm through with the bitches, I talk they listen Funny thang, all I gotta say is "Let's get it" And my mouthpiece sweet, but my dick game vicious For some pay but they already rich, they ain't trippin She could tell I'm fly from times she ride with me S-65 who ride to five-fifty King worldwide, God of my city Yeah them other niggaz say that they hard but not really Pull up super clean, shut all the cars down I got 50 G's on me, I'll tear the mall down I used to be in the trill, I'm in the summer home now One in Cabo, one in Miami, think I'll go to Rome now [Chorus] – 2X, w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Nelly Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Show it to Me Typed by: opal8t1@hotmail.com Aye bend that ass over, and let it move back Come kick it wit me, I'll get your groove back And give it to me Show it to me Give it to me Show it to me Give it to me Show it to me [Hook] Aye bend that ass over, and let it move back Come kick it wit me, I can help you get your groove back Aye give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Hey whatcha doin'? Give it to me Show it to me And let it wiggle 'cause I like it when you do that Come kick it wit me, I can help you get your groove back Now give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Show it to me Just give it to me Hey whatcha doin'? Just give it to me Show it to me [T.I.] I got a whack dough flow Stacks on swole Five different hoes in Cadillac four door Niggas think they gonna attack, I got a mac on hold I'll bust ya in your stomach leave you back on the floor You see T.I. and Nelly on it, know the track gone blow Man you niggas barely pro, I don't even practice no more Aye shawty I was gettin' dough when you was rappin so-so When you barely had flow I had crack for the low You can stunt for the audience and act for the hoes Let me ask you what you gon' do when we ain't actin' no more Aye when I finish wit you you ain't even gon' be rappin' no more Aye "How he doin'?, Where he at?" somethin' they ain't askin' no more Aye picture me not bein' the main attraction no more That's all the talkin' I care to do to you back to the hoes Baby drop it back it up til you can't back it no more You show me you bout that action, I'll throw a stack on the floor [Hook] [Nelly] Aye come on in lil mama sit down pay attention You don't want to get to school, then take your ass to detention Stick my key in your ignition, I'm crankin' up your engine I'm pullin' your extensions Now we switchin' up positions Got an ill technique, in makin' ya knees weak A non-stop treat until your g-spot leak To your G4 seat, we'll be back next week so tell that lame ass nigga you got places to be So give me your participation, don't need no hesitation Don't want to be mistaken, ma I'm plannin' on relations Yea, you rollin' wit the King and the One Country niggas in the chevy passin' Grey Poupon Man, we been gettin' dough since we was way too young The record sales was the mob that'll make me a Don You see this is why I'm hot, and this is why he not so mama climb on top, and show me what you got, aye [Hook] [T.I. & Nelly] The independent ladies that can buy their own Mercedes I say That's the one, that's the one Country girls that represent, payin' they own rent holla That's the one, that's the one For the women constantly poppin' tags with the newest Louis bags yea That's the one, that's the one To all the girls who in shape, slim waist, pretty face hey That's the one, that's the one Okay Now bend that ass over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Don't You Wanna Be High Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: T.I.] Ay, hey don't you wanna be hiiiiigh? Hey listen baby come fly with me, take a ride get high with me Ay, ay, I know you wanna be hiiiiigh You never wanna say bye to me, if you ever come fly with me Ay, hey don't you wanna be hiiiiigh? Hey listen baby come fly with me, take a ride get high with me Ay, ay, I know you wanna be hiiiiigh Promise you'll never say bye to me, and if you ever get high with me Let's go [T.I.] Okay the bucket's on tilt, truck is on stilts Just did another deal today, at least a couple mil' And I'm askin you to chill, wanna pass that down? I'm tryin to pick you up and never put ya ass back down Get rid of all your worries, why you draggin that around? Here, pop one of these, now pass that around Fire it up, take a shot, now ya ass in the clouds Can I bend you over? Throw your ass back down No need sayin no, we way past that now I ain't them other niggaz, just control the flashback now Make three wishes, you can have that now And fuck the financin, payin cash right now Ay, miracle man make dreams come true Take a ride, get high, 'bout the time you come to I bet your life done changed, you likin my last name Done had a couple babies with a Bentley and a Range Crib on the water, eatin meals on a plane And your life in the sky like you lived on a plane With so much good shit to fill yo' brain If the band seem strange I'm just sayin [T.I.] You see me, chillin out kickin back in the ride With a, fly broad on the passenger side Got a, nice smile and immaculate eyes Before she, get inside she don't have to decide Cause she can have it how she want it, we can do it like that And then I went and threw it to her and she threw it right back She said nobody never gave it to her like that Hit it from the back, I figure you would like that Her head and tight pussy good like that And damn, she ain't even from the hood like that So she probably never really kicked it with a cool nigga Other niggaz had her didn't know what to do with her Intimidated by her face and her cute figure Cause her waist real small but her ass way bigger Hope she know that if I want her I ain't finna play wit her All I gotta do is spend a day with her [T.I.] Hey, hey what it is pretty girl, would you like to come and kick it with a nigga for a night or two? And you can take your clothes off if you like to And it don't matter 'bout the cost if I like you I just do it shorty, I ain't gotta try to Bust a move, bet ya I can satisfy you And me chase right behind you, why boo? I'm like you, know you fly but I'm fly too You know how I do it, always ride good Match the paint with the wheel, put the trunk in the hood You dealin with a real nigga, get it understood I'm still from the hood, even when in Hollywood With my beat down low and my top let back You lookin for a G, well you got just that Hey I can be your king, you can be my princess Baby all you gotta do is say yes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Touchdown Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com [E] When we touch down [Chorus: E = Eminem; T = T.I.] [T] In the midwest we okay E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass [E] Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every mufuckin state, when we touch down [T] Go right from the plane to the rave [E] When we touch down [T] On a private plane getting brains, till we [E] Touch down, there ain't no way to keep em quiet With T.I. and Shady baby, we bout to incite a riot When we touch down [1st verse: T.I.] When we get in town, you know how we getting down Pull up clean, then hop on out, snatch all the freaks then walk on out I'm living what they talking bout, shining if it dark or not That one hundred E-X-double R, you'll find that in the parking lot You barking up the wrong tree, I do this shit for zone three Four, five and six as well as one, Atlanta I'm forever son Still be on whatever coke, ridin' blowing heavy smoke Ay Em you better tell them folk won't hesitate to let 'em go They know I put that green light on them haters Keep on trying me I put that beam right on ya tater (pow) Now you don't wanna see T.I.P. outrageous Try to keep him in a cage but somehow he keep escaping That's why I be on vacation, Virgin Island I be taking Private planes out to Spain, I keep on flying I ain't faking The money ain't a thang, think I'm lying, you're mistaken You can find long lines of all kinds of bitches waiting when we touch down [2nd verse: Eminem] Welcome to the Midwest, yes Where them Detroit playas ball like you have no idea The boy is here, got the whole place looking like it's candy painted Ain't it like we left the kids at home and just let em loose with the crayons Fuck, I just hit a jogger, people looking like Frogger They hopping out of the way whenever they see Marshall's car coming The kids painted my windows with black permanent marker And let the rest of the car carpet color like swirl pops And I got the bass thumping but I'm bound to bump into something Kids are flying through the air looking like they krumping The way they tumbling, I gotta do something But as soon as I hit the car wash to get the tar off They just right back at it tommorrow They're like, "Dad this is in, so you're with the trends" "This is for the pimps, listening to mens, nail polish on the rims" And now it's custom chrome, but I gotta go do a show So go on with ya bad self, just have it back to normal when I touch down [3rd verse: T.I.] From my arrival, un-til my departure Gurantee I put this d-i-c-k in somebody's daughter Ay, I still have my way with the ladies way cross the water Flew to Paris from Haiti, did some shit that I thought of It's erotic that the shit that we popping makes us psychotic Threaten corporate America, that's why they running from me How could they be so ignorant? Look what hip-hop done brung us It's allowed us to run a business, legitimated our moneys Got us out of the ghettos and relocated our mommies I made it all the way here ain't no way you taking it from me So excuse me Oprah honey, I'm sorry, really I promise But niggas, bitches and hoes do exist, I'm just being honest For that am I being punished? Why is you so astonished? Now I ain't got a degree, just intelligence in abundance So you ain't gotta like me, I know billions of folks who love me You can tell how they yelling and screaming and waiting for me when I touch down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Tell 'Em I Said That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro] Ay, ay, ay, ay For as long as I remember I been tellin y'all man to pull these niggaz résumé (ay, ay, ay, ay) You better check up on these niggaz These niggaz be lyin man These niggaz ain't really kickin this shit they be tellin y'all man They wanna see y'all get fucked up out there man Man keep your eyes on me nigga Don't believe what these niggaz tell you man I'm tryin to tell ya partner! These niggaz ain't cool, what they rap about these niggaz ain't do Hear 'em say it but it really ain't true You niggaz ain't true, you niggaz ain't really totin tools Don't be no fool, you better take yo' ass to school Cause these niggaz ain't G, gangsta's somethin these niggaz can't be What you expect? These niggaz ain't me You niggaz ain't rich, you niggaz ain't really gettin bricks It's official man, you niggaz ain't shit Tell 'em I said that [T.I.] These niggaz lyin e'ry time you hear 'em rhymin Hear 'em talkin 'bout they diamonds and how they be out there shinin 'Fore the rappin, hey what trappin, tell y'all they be out there grindin I know they ain't 'bout that action, I'm tellin y'all I'm around 'em They probably tried to come in the hood and sell weed Think it's all good 'til they run into some real G's Holla, tell us where it is and I promise we'll leave Hesitate to say and boy them lawmen will squeeze Please, pay attention to this part of the book One time, got robbed, got shot, got shook Got a job, start rhymin, came up with a hook Got a chain and some tats, came up with a look Went and made a hit record, talk tough in the book Fuck the image and perception, they never tough as they look They some motherfuckin suckas, put it on whatever Any real nigga know better, man [T.I.] You can't tell, them niggaz ain't shell You get caught, bet them niggaz gon' tell Them niggaz don't sell the shit you ain't gotta put up on a scale He ask you if it weigh enough, just tell him yeah You niggaz just yell, pull a pistol the nigga gon' bail If he got a pistol bet he don't spray it, he don't wanna go to jail And then he'll know he'll be walkin on shells It's a gladiator school, is you prepared? I can see these niggaz scared, got a problem with me nigga just say it We can play it how you wanna play it Better go 'head 'fore that pistol be aimed at yo' head All the way down here where you gon' lay You ain't really on the edge, you ain't under suspicion of the Feds You just tellin them you is instead You ain't never bust heads but you get behind the mic and just say it The people oughta know I +MUST+ say it, man [T.I.] You damn right, you niggaz don't have rights to rap about the shit I did e'ry night Did you win e'ry fight? You ever went to jail for sellin white? Made bond, back in the trap the same night? You know these niggaz lame, right? I'm speakin on it cause it ain't right Niggaz died, I survived, I done earned my stripes Went to jail, came home, between the time got it right I'm still tryin to keep from shootin sucka niggaz I don't like Cause the game feel like the real niggaz on strike This sucker get a deal, now he livin so sheist These niggaz outta sight, actin hard, lyin on they record You know it when you see it, recognize it, don't respect it Got e'ry right to check 'em when you see 'em in your city Run up on 'em and try 'em, bet your city they some bitches Niggaz tell you what they want you to hear, don't tell me Real recognize real, eventually they'll see Ay, ay, ay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Respect This Hustle Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro] Huh, yeah (AY! You already know what this is homie!) Aiyyo what you yellin for man? (Man shut the fuck up talkin to me man) Man calm down shorty (Nah you calm down, I ain't got shit to say to you man) Man see that's why I don't even fuck wit'chu dawg (Hollywood ass nigga, I don't fuck with YOU) You be on that bullshit man (Yeah man, well you better respect my muh'fuckin hustle) Man you ain't the only one gotta hustle nigga (I told you once man) You can't tell me shit! (You heard me) Aight now R-E-S-P-E-C-T, M-Y, H-U-S-T-L-E Should respect this hustle, respect this hustle Won't accept nuttin else so respect this hustle I ain't in it for the fame, I ain't in it for the glory I'm down to die for it, absolutely mandatory Respect this hustle, respect this hustle Won't accept nuttin else so respect this hustle - AY! [Verse One] These niggaz bitch-made, I'm gettin paid six ways Six laid, shit's sprayed with lemonade with blades Keep your mouth closed, you don't wanna get sprayed Shoot you up your body, let it sunbathe six days Kamikaze renegade, nah he never been afraid Kept the trap hot enough to fry an egg in the shade I ball 'til the day I'm lyin dead in the grave I leave the Feds behind the wall cause I ain't get away Chopper round the corner and a bushel with a brick of yay A bust can happen any day, we out here trappin anyway Gettin money's an addiction, damn what a nigga say? I got a real bad condition if I ain't gettin paid Hand over fist, well I miss it, gotta get busy I know you see this car I drive and see the house that I live in And figure this is enough (what nigga?) I want way mo' Really this is Play-Doe, you set your sights way low Had enough of the game, I don't know whether to stay or go and different group of lames and suckas e'rywhere which way I go (But nigga know you King, why you always gotta say it fo'?) Cause they said I couldn't say it befo' And I remember all it did was fuck my temper up mo', Doug and J know I said I wear a crown, not a halo - sorry Niggaz think they seein me but they so sorry They fast but they ain't no Ferrari {*YOOM!*} [Verse Two] Ay, don't you think you been pullin gats fussin cussin enough? Round here braggin 'bout these niggaz you be bustin enough Man look around, ain't nobody sufferin but her You could beat a hundred cases, catch one and you fucked (Man I get probation) Is you crazy? Pull a gun in the club See how many folks and polices put you down in the club If we gotta come with a slug, why we come to the club? How much more of this shit you think we can sweep under the rug? (Look, we already told them "I Told You So") But all these niggaz speakin out who wouldn't spoke befo' Don't take it personal, people wanna be close to folk What you think the televisions and the posters fo'? (Yeahhh man I'm claustrophobic though) Well you need to see a doctor for it And I ain't jokin, you close Tip and you 'bout to blow it Did you forgot about them nights in the cells, was you honest (I dunno) When we was havin talks with God and you promised if he made a way for you to be large, and you done it Out the gate, "Urban Legend" went on to do numbers Sold a mil', made "ATL", "King" first week five hundred Won the Grammy's (but not the one that I wanted) What about them eight figure deals and that other new money? But ask yourself somethin, where the gun you got from me? Keep it real Talk about somethin other than yourself sometime (man) Did you keep your promise partner? (Ay, just keep it real) [numerous ad libs to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: My Type Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro] Let's go (ay, ay, ay, ay, ay.. ay, ay, ay) Y'all gon' wish for a nigga like me when I ain't here Y'knowmsayin? (Think I'm lyin) Say goodbye to the bad guy! You don't appreciate a nigga my type Once I die ain't no mo' niggaz my type So just remember me right (you ain't gotta worry 'bout me no mo') Just remember me right, hey just remember me right Hey just remember me right, just remember me right (But you gon' see is far worse than out there, hey!) [Chorus: T.I.] Bet you don't appreciate a nigga my type Cause when I die ain't no mo' niggaz my type, so just remember me right Bet if I let them suckas kill me tonight All them haters gon' be filled with delight, God forgive me, aight? I sacrifice so they could live my life If necessary I'd give my life, so what you here in my life Reputation decorated with stripes No need for cryin at the end of my life, hey just remember me right [T.I. - over Chorus] You'll see... I see you laughin, AY! I did this shit for you nigga, it's all good Hey! You know me homie, ay [T.I.] When your back was against the wall remember where could you go Remember who helped you again like he helped you befo' Went out they way to let you know that you ain't ever alone They disrespect you, you come get who 'til they left you alone He taught you, how to be weak, he taught you how to be strong Taught you not to accept defeat, you go all out or be gone Bet it ain't, the same in the streets now that he gone He now in heaven on the throne exactly where he belong Though he left me and you was devastated that his family mourn Sons turn to grown men since they daddy been gone Daughters grew, like him or not he left his family on Even prepaid the funeral service he had in the dome And there they came to represent, for a stand-up gent who walked it like he talked it, always said what he meant Impossible to stop him, had a head like cement Maybe now you'll appreciate a nigga like this (they might) [T.I. - over Chorus] Ain't gon' be no mo', remember me how I was baby I can see you still laughin right now, HEY! I made it possible homie But I die for it, it's all good man Strong got to lead the weak! Ay [T.I.] If they had only knew the man outside of the hype No matter what the situation he always try to do right Still they gossip to told lies, used to take him for granted Often find it hard to relate, somehow they can't understand it Cause that respect he gon' demand, if there's a problem he handle Look adversity in the eye, he never ran from a challenge They tried to knock him off balance when the Feds came and got him Did the time on his head, came home, that ain't stop him That's why them niggaz used to hate him but they girl used to jock him Swear he had the kind of swagger made the world stop and watch him Plus he possess so much hustle made it impossible to top him Got better every album, haters hate to see him drop 'em They just talk shit from a distance, when he around they playin possum He used to scare them suckas shit that's probably why them niggaz shot him And what it took ain't nothin else they ever could or did about it So go on, talk shit about him, least you ain't forgot about him I see [T.I. - over Chorus] You'll see! Ain't no more of me man Hey, hey, hey! Enjoy, I did this man That's how I just put the weight on my shoulders I carry the load baby, I'm used to it I'm built for it! AY! [T.I.] Wanna say sorry to my momma, King and Lil' Mama See me go through so much drama, you could stand a lil' thunder Never let 'em see you sweat, stay cool as a cucumber Stay ready for whatever, make 'em know I'ma do wonders How he died? On his feet like a man with honor Showed you the sky was the limit, you could do whatever you wanna That's for Bubba and Domani, Deyjah and Neek-Neek Don't worry 'bout me, Uncle Phil and Leiah's with me See me wit'cha granddaddy - I know you gon' miss daddy But life ain't always a dream, and horrible shit happens Hate I let a nigga kill me before I could quit rappin and get to spend mo' time wit'cha, I know we'da been happy But I had to take in them chances, you probably woulda been trappin Long as I could keep that from happenin, ya pappy can die happy Just keep the wind at ya back, and the sun at ya face Remember winnin in your blood, you were born with what it take, okay? [T.I. - over Chorus] Hey, that's it for me Hey, I bet you'd love that, wouldn't you? I did this for y'all man You know ain't no favorite man Man fuck this shit partner, HEY! [Outro] Hey y'all, with all my heart I apologize man I'm sorry I tried, I did everythang I could man, y'knowmsayin? There was just more of them than there was me, ya dig? They say you can't win 'em all But shit man, I gave them niggaz hell long as I could though bruh Heh, and you could put the money on that, HEY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mac Boney Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: The Hottest (Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: T.I.] Yo, ayyyyyy, huh-ayyyy I gotta love my man here engineerin (okay) It don't take me too long to write it (uh, huh-ayyyyy) How long it take you to record me baby? HEY! (huh-ayyyyy) Hey ya ain't live, you don't ride, you don't do it like I do it (It's all good man, we gon' ride on these fuck niggaz anyway though) Ya ain't real, you don't wanna get into it Don't play with yourself nigga (okay) Play a lotto nigga (okay) Hey - let's get it! (yeahhhhh fuck nigga, AY!) [Chorus: T.I.] Hey ya ain't live, you don't ride, you don't do it like I do it I keep it real - ya ain't real, you don't wanna get into it Ya ain't crunk, ya ain't buck, ya ain't hard, ya ain't G You ain't got what I got pumpin in your hard TV You do all that yellin, holla, ya ain't real and ya ain't bout it Ya ain't serious, ya ain't crazy, you know you don't wanna die Ya ain't hustle from the bottom, you don't got it like I got it You can hate and you can lie but pussy nigga I'm the hottest [T.I.] I'm the realer nigga in this shit, aside from all the business shit I'm the nigga sucka niggaz best to keep it pimpin with People say I start a lot of shit, I say I finish it Thank God it wasn't no witnesses, I'd still be servin sentences Rap shit way more stressful that I love my other businesses Thank God I'm a professional and scared I don't begin to get Whether in a Phantom or the truck with all the kids in it Still tote a hammer try me, man I hope you listenin Your death gon' be elaborate, real fuckin extravagant I'm down to die myself to show you niggaz I ain't havin it Had to kill your son and a few your momma had to get And they were playin dumb, we run in and ask where daddy at [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Mac Boney] I carry niggaz on my back like a bookbag Put the pistol in his hand and tell him shoot his ass I pull a little file faster than them credit people Yo' ass dead, that's why you probably seein dead people The weapon with me's really lethal, yeah it scare people (oh my God) I know off top that I'm gon' bust, that's why I dare people And I won't dare cheat you, I fair-and-square beat you Same time, same time's why I'm on that Grey Goose Don't make me spray and let loose, cause I won't hesitate to I heard one shot then heard two, jumped up out the truck like what it do I got a fo'-five on me and got a nine too A nigga sayin "Mac Boney, we ain't shoot at you" I say you sucka ass niggaz better keep it movin 'Fore y'all boys be the ones I end up doin [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Governor Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Hustlin' (Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Governor] Hustlin... out here... [Chorus: Governor] I'm out here, hustlin I'm just thinkin 'bout gettin back home to you babe I'm out here, hustlin You see that's how I'm able to send that little money to you Hustlin - let's get more freedom in my future, so we can ball (out here) So we can sip champagne, and puff that mary jane And you can fly first class on an airplane [T.I.] Jeah, ay, let's go man I remember comin up, used to hate to get on the bus Dreams of gettin paid and makin the big bucks Started to get a little then couldn't get enough Let me in, I'ma win nigga I don't give a fuck The environment sucks but the bread ain't bad The broads, don't fuck 'em all but the head ain't bad I'm young, rich and legit; think the Feds ain't mad? Haters are sick of the Six, so scared of the scad Dag, damn nigga ya ain't have to brag This'll never pay, remember when you said that bad? The nigga still thinkin I blew up so fast J. Geter, remember when you put up yo' last? This for my niggaz tryin to flip yo' cash 'fore the Feds can get a chance to clip yo' ass Get a lot of powder in a Ziplock bag Wrist full of rubber bands, 40-cal's in the dash [T.I.] Yo ay, ay, let me holla at 'em Gov'.. I know some people love me to death and there's some that can't stand me Cause I got a big-ass crib in Miami (what else?) Another out in Cali, backyard so sandy (okay) And most broads find it hard to understand me But the same attitude that make crews goddamn me is the same ones that got me lookin cool at the Grammy's Haters wanna damage me but King you'll never be Shawty holla at me when you get your first felony Then holla at me when you've been on Dave Letterman Say they never seen a real nigga so elegant Lames wanna hear that real shit and I'm tellin it Trained the game to be sold and I'm sellin it Chasin a Honda mil', that bullshit is irrelevant We can race if you wanna, I bet on me and you'll never win Simply cause a loser's somethin I've never been If you doubt now holla back at 2007 then [Governor] Hustlin... out here... Hustlin... out here... {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: 56 Bars (Intro) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Yeahhhhh (hey!) Hahaha, hey, hey, ha (all right) Aight Toomp man, this what the folks been waitin on I guess (that's right) Let's give it to 'em baby (hey!) Grand Hustle nigga Ay man, they been waitin on this shit since "What You Know" huh? Yeahhhh, it's the king bitch! Aight my nigga, the wait is over nigga Hey, hey! [T.I.] One for the money, two for the show dawg Three for the niggaz hatin on the low, y'all know a picture's worth a million words I'ma show y'all Death before dishonor, family befo' all Without the braids I'm the closest thing to O-Dog Minus the testimony; say it ain't so homie Hey! Shorty like that, don't he? World hopped off my jock, I got 'em right back on it Ohh! Step back, brush myself off Picked bid'ness back up right where I left off I could show my dough, that other guy just talk Hey where I live just as big as yo' projects dawg AY! Ha ha, better check my swagger How I walk, how I talk, how I stack that cheddar What I drive, how I dress, nigga let's just bet a hundred stacks on that, nigga I'm just, better Hahahaha, somebody better tell 'em mayne They swag owe my swag everythang It's very plain to see you study me awful hard To the point that my swag need a bodyguard I think a Thank You card's in order, y'all oughta be havin y'all swag sendin mines an apology A lot of little me's I see, got beef But what's the possibilities? Stop seek, you not me Hardly worth a hill of beans, step up to the guillotine Get decapitated; don't see how half of you rappers made it Say good-bye to the fame and fortune, c'est la vie And what the game need with you nigga? They got me I ride through the city, so clean, seat really low Automo-bil-ey so, pretty but I'm illy though No comparison, ain't a nigga mo', thorough than this gangsta American flow, doper than heroin King like Evelyn, Champagne mayne So deranged and belligerent; right up there with Benjamin Who? Andre 3K, B.I.G., Jay-Z, UGK Scarface, Makaveli the great, Wayne, Common, Kanye and, Lupe So fuck what you say, you welcome to ask who you may Bet they say as of today I'm back on top like a toupee Hey! All objections overruled, it's overdue Both high, and sober too, I'm so high, up over you Same guy you see in the streets is as fly as here in the booth So don't be surprised when you meet me to see I'm really the truth Ooh, so uncouth, nigga who want proof? Must agree if shit I did can't no one undo I stay on my, one-two, nigga who want to turn a brunch into a brawl, do what you gon' do I'm why it's, hot as a bitch in here still, cool as a Frigidaire This year I'm on a mission dear, think that was somethin, listen here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: I'm Illy Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Rebel for the hell of it, hella rich Never have to sell a brick again, must I tell a bitch again The bullshit I'm addressin check I'm on some next level shit Never been fucked in the game, I'm celibate Rarely out my element, barely out the ghetto with One foot out and one foot in, intelligent as fellas get Listen let's settle this - be clear I could fall back seven years, still it ain't no one ahead of me Consider it a blessin if you get to stand next to me Five star general, O.G. veteran Caked like Entenmann's, blowin that celery Stack that cash like the U.S. treasury Every single thing I ever did was done heavily Rap until you're 70, still ain't no catchin me Put it on my pops, Big Phil, Aunt Beverly Be standin on the top still after they bury me Nose in the air so stuck up arrogant Ain't got long hot songs, best cherish it Cool when I drop mine that's over, finito You payin for your foul like a free throw, baow! Now, how could a nigga think that he could see me Other than the magazine covers or the TV Know I sold mo' mixtapes than your CD You're waitin on your big break, prayin you could be me You ain't made it far as D.C., on the low I been all around the globe like a God how they treat me Broads hit they knees, eyes closed when they greet me Mouth wide open just, beggin me to skeet-skeet You in a deep sleep, stop dreamin I'm six albums in for 10 years I been five hot steamin The limelight's mine, I'm gleamin, beamin That's why I say I'm King bitch I got my reasons [Chorus: T.I.] Wrist so frosty, neck so chilly (bing) All on my mind is to get more millies (what?) Niggaz talk shit that's silly (HA!) Shawty he ain't about that really (nah) is he? (AY!) Nigga I'm illy (yeahhhh) Haha, haha, haha, hey Ay, I run this city, clearly (BANKHEAD!) Tell 'em get lost, I'm busy, really? Nigga I'm illy [T.I.] Where niggaz get off? Piss off! Me and mine oughta take time to pop a lid off Shit all, over the whereabouts of me, is y'all sick in yo' fuckin mind, you figurin I'ma fizz off Never cooled off, Tip scorchin Minimal injury thought they wishin me maximum misfortune Number one hands down, flows paint portraits Everybody thinks you stink like horse shit House full of chicks on some "Girl Next Door" shit A king who once sell 30 mil' out the store quick Of course this case lost all my endorsements Tripled up on real estate, still buyin more shit But Tip bankrupt accordin to your sources I'm still caked up along with more reinforcements Tore shit, up from the lab up to the rooftops Officially, the hottest nigga rappin since 2Pac 'Fore you rap 'bout me, best ask 'bout me I'm out my fuckin mind, need counselin Please don't doubt me, trust me, drama ain't nothin It's all fun and games 'til somebody start bustin 'Member my discussion when rappers be battlin I find out about it, better get to skedaddlin Pack your family bags, move 'em out to Seattle and We ever cross paths you'll need ambulance and bandages Live life glamorous, so extravagant Mandarin, oriental worldwide travellin Hip-Hop champion, for real though You couldn't fuck with me with a Brazil hoe nigga, but still though [Chorus] - 2X [T.I. - over Chorus] Hahaha, HEY... Ay just remember I do this shit when I want to nigga It's me nigga! Zone One homie Yeah, yeah... I don't wanna hear shit 'bout I can't rap like this  when I ain't did it that way nigga FUCK you partner! Yeah! Yeahhhhh - this the King, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album:  Paper Trail Song:   Ready for Whatever Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com    "Hate the price of fame 'coz it cost too much" (yeah boy) "And you lame niggaz talk too much" (yeah) "I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em" (yeah boy) "I said I'm ready for whatever, hey hey"   [Verse 1] Even though my head in the clouds, my planet on the pavement How I'm walkin around, people stand and amaze me And I play a lot of game on where I be and I ain't playin with it They so judgmental, everyday they don't understand If your life was in jeopardy, e'ryday is you tellin me You wouldn't need weaponry just because of your felony Consider this at least, I got e'rybody sweatin me On the streets is people who won't rest unless I rest in peace Killed my folk a year ago, still in my sleep they threaten me Paranoia stressin me, ain't nobody protectin me I'm dealin with the pressure from my partner dyin next to me No one's arrested, they comin for me eventually This was all the things I was goin through mentally This could be the reason I ignored the penitentiary Now mention them New Orlean niggaz comin in the city Killin all summer long, ain't nobody payin attention   [Interlude] Now is it that hard to understand if you listen Either die or go to jail, that's a hell of a decision But how wrong can I do if my excuses ain't important I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice   I had straps in my ride, gotta go to prison You ain't no need to die, you gon' be waitin for 'em (you ready boy) Ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em I be here when the smoke clears and everythin settles, for real Can't afford the price of fame 'coz it cost too much Plus these sucka niggaz lame and they talk too much Ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em I be here when the smoke clears and everythin settles, for real   [repeat + ad-libs] For real   [Verse 2] I'm a man, I ain't perfect, gotta admit it I'm guilty But understand, feel me how I ride filthy 'Coz niggaz out there plot to rob me and kill me 500 thousand every year spent on security And my future walk bright, but now it's gettin blurry 'Coz niggaz in the air ready to find me and bury me But surely, God will deliver me up out it I'm a fighter to the heart and I forever be about it I'm a father to my sons, and sit to my community Look at all that I done, my good weigh the negativity Mentally, I was focused on not lettin history repeat itself, that's why he kept that for insanity "Yes officially I broke the law but not maliciously" Through all of the publicity, was anybody considerin My position and the logic came from my decision "But they caught me with it, now I'm off to prison, period"   [Interlude] But is it that hard to understand if you listen Either die or go to jail, that's a hell of a decision But how wrong can I do if my excuses ain't important I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice     [repeat + ad-libs] For real   {*T.I. talking 'til song fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B., Ludacris Album: Paper Trail Song: On Top of the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Ludacris] + (T.I.) Rich by popular demand (The wait is over homie) Yes it is, A-Town connection! (Know the city gon' feel this) Damn right (Say Toot, I know you see me, 'Cris!) Whattup boy? (I know both our pops lookin at us!) Wayne Bridges, whattup? Let's go! (Big Phil, we made this shit happen homie) History in the makin (Hey!) Hey! (Momma I did it!) [Chorus: B.o.B.] I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!) About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls) But now I see (now I see) ohh-whoa! (ohh!) Because I'm sittin on top of the world! (the whole world) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah) [T.I.] Ay, man I remember 'fore I stay that way, let me issue this statement No way should reflection be mistaken for glorification Now I remember so vivid, me and my niggaz was livin (how?) Sub-standard condition, still handlin business (that right) Still laughin and trippin, still happen to bitches (okay) I'm rappin not reminiscin, and goddamn it we did it From trappin, standin and pitchin with riches stand in the kitchen Splittin it eight ways, flip it in eight days Thought to wild and unruly but just the way to behave Kept the weigh and the yay' for most the paper we made And all dimes, I ain't lyin, the pleasure was all mine Had big work to move but we served the small time Always outshine the niggaz with small minds Who would thought we'd be arguably the greatest of all time 'Round here, we develop such a sound down here Been duplicated often still can only be found here (BANKHEAD!) Only listen to G's, that other shit I don't hear Shit, they so far in the rear, why would I even care? I'm too fit to bein a player, stare at niggaz careers Been talkin 'bout it for years and now we finally here [Ludacris] Luda, Luda! Hear my heart on this one True story! Rest in peace Wayne Bridges They say what goes up must come down but I ain't reach my cruisin altitude Take a look at what I did, but can you imagine what I'm about to do? The places I'm 'bout to go and the money I'm 'bout to see Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, "Look out for ME!" Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures Cause I'm a self-made nappy headed RICH NIGGA! (OHH!) Private planes help me travel in peace To fo' cities in one day and fo' countries in one WEEK Cause I, work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to Put one of my partners right through culinary art school (WOO!) Now he my personal chef so that bread he get it Put 'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit (true!) And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour Catch us eatin at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners Orderin Singaporean lobster Celebratin comin from nothin to winnin Grammy's and rappers winnin Oscars Yeah, and they say rappers shouldn't act, nah suckers We see Samuel Jackson like, "WHASSUP MOTHERFUCKER!" [T.I.] Hey, hey, hey, hey I made it momma! Hey, hey I know them haters don't stop plottin and wishin we fall Cause I'm standin on top lookin down at it all (I see you) I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all Homie I ain't get enough, we still tryin to triple up That's why we got StreetCred and Akoo buildin up Say I'm doin too much, shit, I say I ain't did enough Remember sayin, "Damn, if I could just get to a million plus" And now I'm like, "Shit, what the fuck is a million bucks?" Triple that on my bond, thanks to Bigs and Run (appreciate it nigga) But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become All this shit I've avoided, what it done for my sons and daughters and momma; just call her I sold dope and dropped out of school, seems it's all they can see They don't notice none of my family did that since me (nah) I broke that cycle, now my family live a live for Mandatory minimals, but not when the judge sentence us Cousins in college, where you think they get tuition from? (Answer that) Just for standin 'round wishin, huh? Hey while you stand around lookin dumb, I make it happen Takin action over time, got damn good at it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Rihanna Album: Paper Trail Song: Live Your Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of The O-Zone's "Dragostea Din Tei"] Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha {*repeat 4X*} [T.I. – over Intro] Ay... this a special what's happenin to all my All my soldiers over there in Iraq E'rybody right here What you need to do is be thankful for the life you got, y'knowmsayin? Stop lookin at what you ain't got Start bein thankful for what you do got Let's give it to 'em baby girl, hey [Chorus: Rihanna] {*with T.I. ad libs*} You're gonna be, a shinin star In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars And then you'll see, you're gonna go far Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are So live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) You steady chasin that paper Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) Ain't got no time for no haters Just live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) No tellin where it'll take ya Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) Cause I'm a paper chaser Just livin my life (AYY) my life (OHH) My life (AYY) my life (OHH) Just livin my life (AYY) my life (OHH) My life (AYY) my life (OHH) just livin my life [T.I.] Hey, never mind what haters say, ignore 'em 'til they fade away Amazin they ungrateful after all the game I gave away Safe to say I paved the way for you cats to get paid today You still be wastin days away now had I never saved the day Consider them my protégé, homage I think they should pay Instead of bein gracious they violate in a major way I never been a hater, still I love 'em in a crazy way Some say they sold the yay' and know they couldn't get work on Labor Day It ain't that black and white, it has an area the shade of gray I'm Westside anyway, even if I left today and stayed away Some move away to make a way, not move away cause they afraid I brought back to the hood, and all you ever did was take away I pray for patience but they make me wanna melt they face away Like I once made 'em spray, now I could make 'em put the K's away Been thuggin all my life, can't say I don't deserve to take a break You'd rather see me catch a case and watch my future fade away [T.I.] I'm the opposite of moderate, immaculately polished with the spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid Allergic to the counterfeit, impartial to the politics Articulate, but still'll grab a nigga by the collar quick Whoever havin problems with their record sales just hollow-tip If that don't work and all else fails then turn around and follow Tip I got love for the game, but ay I'm not in love with all of it Could do without the fame, and rappers nowadays are comedy The hootin and the hollerin, back and forth with the arguin Where you from, who you know, what you make and what kind of car you in Seems as though you lost sight of what's important when depositin them checks into your bank account, and you up out of poverty Your values is a disarray, prioritizin horribly Unhappy with the riches cause you're piss poor morally Ignorin all prior advice and forewarnin And we mighty full of ourselves all of a sudden, aren't we? [Rihanna] Got everybody watchin what I do, come walk in my shoes And see the way I'm livin if you really want to Got my mind on my money And I'm not goin awayyyyyyy So keep on gettin your paper, and keep on climbin Look in the mirror, and keep on shinin (shinin) Until the game ends, 'til the clock stop We gon' post up on the top spot Livin the life, the life In the Windmill City got my whole team with me The life, my life I do it how I wanna do I'm livin my life, my life I will never lose I'm livin my life, my liiiife And I'll never stop it {"Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha" - *repeat 4X*} [Just Blaze] So live your life, your life, your life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: Whatever You Like Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Ay J-O, you know the ol' sugar daddies They be trickin, they tell them girls I said you could have whatever you like (if you like) I said you could have whatever you like (if you like) Yeah (yeah) [Chorus: T.I.] Stacks on deck (deck) Patron on ice (ice) And we can pop bottles all night And baby you could have whatever you like (if you like) I said you could have whatever you like, yeah (yeah) Late night sex, so wet it's so tight (tight) I gas up the jet for you tonight And baby you could go wherever you like (if you like) I said you could go wherever you like, yeah (yeah) [T.I.] Anytime you want to pick up the telephone you know it ain't nothin to drop a couple stacks on you Want it, you could get it my dear Five million dollar home, drop Bentleys I swear, yeah [Interlude: T.I.] I want yo' body (body) need yo' body Long as you got me you won't need nobody You want it I got it, go get it I'll buy it Tell them other broke nigga be quiet [T.I.] Shawty you the hottest, love the way you drop it Brain so good (good) I swore you went to college Hundred karat deposit, to vacations in the tropics Cause e'rybody know it ain't trickin if you got it Ya need never ever gotta go to yo' wallet Long as I got rubberband banks in my pocket Five six rides with, rims and a body kit Ya ain't gotta downgrade, you can get what I get My chick could have what she want And go in any sto' for any bag she want And no, she ain't never had a man like that To buy you anything ya heart desires like that, yeah [Interlude] [T.I.] I'm talkin big boy rides, and big boy ice Let me put this big boy in yo' life The thang get so wet, and hit so right Let me put this big boy in yo' life That's right [Interlude] [Outro: T.I.] Ay J-O {*echoes*} Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: No Matter What Typed by: dave90584@yahoo.com I say still I stand, hey shorty here I am Never have you seen in ya lifetime A more divine southern rapper with a swag like mine Facin' all kinda time, but smile like I'm fine Brag with such passion and shine without tryin' Believe me, pains a small thang to a giant I was born without a dime Out the gutter I climbed Spoke my mind and didn't stutter one time Ali said even the greatest gotta suffer sometime So I huff and puff rhymes, Lyrics so sick wit it Set the standards in Atlanta how to get get get it So you up and coming rappers wanna diss, just kill it I'm officially the realest, point blank, period Whether I still live in the hood or just visit Whatever you can do in the hood I done did it That's why the dope boys and the misfits feel it This still the city long as TIP livin', Nigga I ain't dead (nah), I ain't done (nah) I ain't scared (of what), I ain't run (from who) But still I stand (yeah) No matter what pimpin' here I am No matter what remember I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never) They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know Here I go No matter what shorty, here I go No matter what shorty You let the blog sites and the magazines tell it I'm sure to be in jail until 2027 Rather see me in the cell then Instead of this new McLaren God will take you to hell, just to get you to heaven So even though it's heavy, the load I will carry Grin and still bear it, win and still share it Apologies to the fans, I hope you can understand it Like a change in direction, even when you ain't planned it All you can do it handle it, worst thing you can do is panic Use it to your advantage, avoid insanity manage To conquer, every obstacle, make impossible possible Even when winning illogical, losing is still far from optional Yeah they wanna see you shot up in the hospital But, one life like punches, block the counter like a boxer do Been locked inside mi casa too long, I did a song To make it known that the king lives on pimpin' I ain't dead (nah), I ain't done (nah) I ain't scared (of what), I ain't run (from who) But still I stand (yeah) No matter what pimpin' here I am No matter what remember I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never) They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know Here I go No matter what shorty, here I go No matter what shorty Even the solitude, that still know how to do I show you how to do, what you do, you ain't gotta clue All you do is follow dudes Sound like a lotta dudes I'll weather whatever storm Make it out without a bruise I understand why, now when my hands tied They take shots cause if I'm out it's a landslide But revenge is best served as a cold dish And suckas will get served nigga know shit Guess it was understood, for me it was over with But I don't quit, if you ain't noticed yet They couldn't wait to say goodnight shorty So they can try to rhyme, act and look like shorty Go get a beat from toomp, and make a hook like shorty Before ya know it I'm back what it look like shorty I lost my partner and my daughter in the same year Somehow I rise above my problems and remain here Yeah, and I hope the picture painted clear If your hearts fill with faith then you can't fear Wonder how I face years and I'm still chillin' Easy, let go and let God deal with it, ya dig I ain't dead (nah), I ain't done (nah) I ain't scared (of what), I ain't run (from who) But still I stand (yeah) No matter what pimpin' here I am No matter what remember I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never) They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know Here I go No matter what shorty, here I go No matter what shorty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Usher Album: Paper Trail Song: My Life Your Entertainment Typed by: fatal_4_ever@yahoo.com [T.I. Talking] Hey, hey Hey what's happenin' e'erybody I hope they get my good side You know I gotta look good when I walk out the house You know I know the camera's following I know they taking pictures, right Drama Ay man, you watch it I live it, you dig that Y'all sit back relax get some popcorn man I'm gonna make it a good show, you dig that This goin' make a hell of a movie huh! [Usher] My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) I walk they follow (ay) I talk they holla (ay) Just here for your amusement My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) You waitin' for me to lose it I guess I'm just here for your amusement [T.I.] The price of fame I think I paid, want my change I done gave E'erything in my possession for my seconds on the stage For my name up in lights and multi-million record sales I done gave up my life, can't get a moment to myself When alone I ask myself, is it worth it? I ain't perfect Neither is anybody else, but I think my kids deserve To be with Daddy out in public without all the interruptions When the lies and gossip's published I'm the topic of discussion And I stay in trouble just to show these suckers I ain't lost it And I'd do it all again that's the funny thing about it I ain't playing, boy I'm 'bout it Will I change, boy I doubt it I done been a lot of things, I ain't never been a coward See the paparazzi crowded all around me now Same niggas who was dissin' want a pound like I'm C now Showered with support from my adoring fans They hear T.I.'s arrested they're like here we go again [Usher] My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) I walk they follow (ay) I talk they holla (ay) Just here for your amusement My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) You waitin' for me to lose it I guess I'm just here for your amusement [T.I.] You've seen it all before, guys know how the story goes It's like 2Pac never died, sit back, enjoy the show You see the shit that scares you senseless, I done lived through it Knew the risks and the consequences and I still do it And then I'm so fresh, them niggas mildew it Not just a actor by profession, pimp, I live movies That's why they whisper when they see me, point and stare at me 'Cause they just wanna live through me vicariously Fashion weekend, Paris week, party like a rockstar Get blown by a top model 'til she catch lockjaw Got the dough you get a year, stashed in my sock drawer Showed you the troubles and the struggles of an outlaw Top dog would not fall, I am not y'all Couple pages out the calendar and I'm out y'all Kid listen, pay attention, you don't wanna be me It's safer to watch it on T.V. [Usher] My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) I walk they follow (ay) I talk they holla (ay) Just here for your amusement My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) You waitin' for me to lose it I guess I'm just here for your amusement [Usher] See I don't think it would even matter (to me) Woking a nine to (five) would it be better I mean be honest, would you care to gossip about me Not likely I guess that's just the way that it goes (the way that it goes) ('Cause I know) See I can be somewhere out keeping it cool (And get told) Almost anything instead of the truth Y'all know more than I do, it's breaking news to me too Easy killer y'all know that ain't how I move (ooh) He said and she said (what) I did what, with they (who) No not me I said (not me) she gave me no head (ooh) Won't get me again (hey) I pleaded the fifth (hey) I know better than to ever talk during the film... in' and flashing lights can blind your eyesight To when you cant see what's wrong from right Well shorty 'til you walk a mile in my shoes And understand this is who I am [T.I.] Usher I completely concur Life can be such a blur, obviously we prefer Our privacy but instead we endure Yes sir, don't expect nothin' less of me 'Cause this goin' probably be this way until the death of me But for the hustle and the lady on my arm now Plus all my kids and my mom's I'm a calm down And yo, we doin' just fine, and the time's just flyin' Live one headline at a time [Usher] My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) I walk they follow (ay) I talk they holla (ay) Just here for your amusement My life, your entertainment You watch it while I live it (live it) You waitin' for me to lose it I guess I'm just here for your amusement The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: Porn Star Typed by: bougiebrawd@comcast.net [Intro] Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay Damn shawty, look at you I'm sayin man, is it just me Or do you have too much ass in them jeans? Come here [Verse 1] Ay, I been watchin you awhile now And I just wanna find a way to make you smile now Why you blushin? Forget about them other guys now I know you ain't goin try and tell me that you shy now I realize that your beauty could intimidate Them suckas you aint got no business wit'em anyway Wit such a pretty face, big booty, lil waist line I wanna grind from behind to the baseline Have a great time, pour yourself a shot girl Chase it with a lime, now you feeling like a hot girl I know you probably use to dealin with them wannabes But honestly I gotta say I'm who they wanna be I promise all I wanna see is you up under me And we can disappear whenever, when you wanna leave? I can guarantee the ride of your life Any fantasies on your mind we can try'em tonight We're sittin here  (I'm lookin at you like damn) We're sippin on Patrón, something's on my mind  (You wanna leave wit me tonight?) It's been killin me all night long and I wonder (Listen shawty let me tell you what I'm thinkin bout) Ooo girl, I wonder  (For real, shawty let me tell you what I'm thinkin bout) It's the end of the night I thinkin your might, wanna leave the bar Park the car, turn into porn star [Verse 2] Yes, I love to hear about your interest I gotta say your intellect got me impressed   See your panties through your dress like a shilouette Patrón got me thinkin sex, is you feelin that? No disrespect though, a simple yes/no Hey let yourself let go, shawty let's go     Pull up to the crib, get you through the threshold Kiss you from your pretty lips to your red toes Time tickin it's the end of the night And you can leave wit your friend if you like But I'm sayin though We can ride out, back to my house I wanna see you satisfied inside out Once I'm in you ain't gonna want me to slide out You tell your girlfriends they gonna wanna try it out A lil more of this will losen you up What we can't do in the club, we can do in the truck [Verse 3] Hey would ya, stay? Could ya play wit it with your tongue just a lil? You're such a sexy individual, physical and mental And if you sentimental Shouldn't the rules bend a little Let me start at the top, stop in the middle Use a popsicle make shiver, giggle when it tickle I can talk to you dirty if you like that I finish one set of blunts start back I know you told me you a good girl But shawty you a grown woman not a lil girl You can blame it on the Patrón or the champagne But sometimes being bad can be a good thing, ya now [Chorus] - Repeat 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Paper Trail Song: Swing Ya Rag Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] WOOOOOO!!!!!! Swizzy!!! Need y'all to take y'all rags out man! (T.I.) And let it swang! swang! swang! swang! Swang! swang! swang! swang! [Chorus : Swizz Beatz] Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air  Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air HEY! SWANG!  [Verse 1: T.I.] New Akoo outfit with a gucci rag Tied to my belt loop and my louis bag Full of stacks rubberbands round big cash Got a sick swag tell the haters get mad, comeon  We in the club homes gettin our thug on Bottles of Patron if you grown get your buzz on We brought the broads out and brought the cars out I’m like the moon I shine and bring the stars out When it dark out, get the squad out We ball hard sucka nigga eat your heart out I’m too advanced super swag in my Louis pants Ballin on my Louis silk shirt match my Louis rag [Chorus : Swizz Beatz] Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance, no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air  Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance, no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air  [Verse 2: T.I.]  I Say, "Whoa kimosabe!", big ballin is my hobby I'm boppin while I'm walkin, rag fallin out my pocket If big money ain't the topic, homie I ain't even talkin Hated on by the workers but I'm cool with all the bosses Catch me flossin at the mall (mall), talkin to a broad (broad) She follow me in Gucci and I taught her how to ball Three pair of shoes, four shirts, six rags The chick said, "Dag, that's more than my bag!" Shawty I can show you how to spend this bread real fast Then get a group of chicks to give you head real fast Silk scarf hangin out of my jeans Naw homie, I ain't thinkin I'm just doin my thing! [Chorus : Swizz Beatz] Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air  Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air HEY SWANG!  [Verse 3: T.I.] I took some time off (okay), and now I'm back y'all (that's right) You in the line at the club, I'm in the back dawg (haaah!) And when this song on, ballers peel stacks off And make it rain on them broads, watch them stacks fall Let it sag with ya pants get ya swag just right Ride Bankhead flare flyin out the benz Once a fool with it we 'gon bring 'em out again [Chorus : Swizz Beatz] Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air  Alright (Alright) OK (OK) I don’t dance (I don't dance) no way I just take my Louis rag out and wave it 'round in the air Take my Gucci rag out and wave it 'round in the air HEY SWANG! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: What Up, What's Haapnin' Typed by: shy_4real@hotmail.com [Chorus: T.I.] Ey, What's Haapnin' (What it is yall) All you haters, Can get at me (Center Hill, {?} What it do) 'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin'(Church Creek, South Grand stand up) But am serious (It's the king bitch, yeaaa) Haters, so all I got to say is WHAT UP!? (Here we go) What's haapnin', (What's haapnin' baby) All you haters (HEY! I know you had a good time didn't ya) 'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin'  But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin' So what up, what's haapnin' All you haters, Can get at me 'Cause I hear ya, and am watchin' But am serious Haters, so all I got to say is WHAT UP!? [Verse 1: T.I.] What it is bruh, What it do maaan, Still the man from Japan to the blue flame (that right) Still hit the door and make it rain with the loose change I bet that what he get a show, now that's a damn shame (hahahaha) I get that what he hatin' fo', boy u so damn lame Ya click the same, a just a buncha walkin' shit stains (click finish) Disgrace the '80, gave the city such a bad name You way back in ma rare view mirror, I'm in the fast lane But still I hear ya loud 'n' clear on ya lil' song Go on getcha dissin' on while the king gone Ya self-esteem gone, 'cause I'm back now let's see if we can't teach these niggas how to act now Ya kissin' at them, ya jumpin' bad now I check ya ass den, I shut ya ass down And I deliver front 'n' center never back down Who get the last laugh now sucka nigga [Verse2: T.I.] I got a front street swag and a side street hustle Center Hill, {?} that's where I be sucka South Grand church street, first with the work We can get into commercial if you need some achurtment Hey, what I care 'bout who you askin' sayin they ain't heard of me  I'm certified certainly your videos ain't hurtin' me (uh-uh) I still ride with the windows rolled down All around the A-town  Like its fina' go down If there was ever any questions niggaz fina' kno now Won't retire ma thorne, nor surrender no crown I neva bow down And neva say "bye" Ms. "to whom it may concer" and whosoever may try Im forever west-side and the feather-weight guy Tell 'em take they best {?} Go'on get ya self high 'Cause I yelled "Bankhead" and you felt left out I ain mentioned yo' name, is that what all this 'bout? [Verse 3: T.I.] From summer hill to the hill up him Hollywood (okay) A house full, gettin' to it, you know how we do it Yea we smoke great (great) and we drink good (good) Then we ball hard, just like G'z should Buy what we want, drive what we want G4 up up and away, we go, we fly where we want Haters smile like they like me but they really don't Wish they could just wish me away that what they really want "I really hate his ass","I don't like him either" "We'll do a song together maybe then we can beat him" Somehow he must be stopped, somethin' must be done "If we can't knock him off, let's just try him when he get caught with guns" "And if he really done, 'n' we really won" "Anymore ideas, (I got somethin') suggestions anyone" "How 'bout we stay up all night, on the blog sites" "Vicious lies 'n' nasty rumors we could all write" But that's alright, let the nerds hate 'Cause in ma face though, the words get ate Hating's hard work, but I just bounce back 'cause God work tell all the haters am back! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: Every Chance I Get Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Real talk, true story (uh-huh) No nuts, no glory (uh-uh) Y'knowmsayin? (Real talk) Ay dawg (yeah yeah) I'ma tell you like this [Chorus: T.I.] Hey I'm so raw, and I'm so rich And you so flawed niggaz ain't 'bout shit I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get Every chance I get, real talk, no shit Every chance I get, make money on this I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get, every chance I get [T.I.] They say it's lonely at the top, but I don't feel lonely Got my homies out in Hollywood so I don't feel phony Ain't another nigga colder, cribs all over Flash-in-pan, these other rappers catch a number, Coca-Cola I'm exceedin expectations, you barely meetin quota I give it to 'em straight, you cut it with baking soda You said I ain't Zone One, nigga ha, that's a funny one I'm King like my 3 year-old, Major like my youngest son Got one named Domani, so you know what I'm gettin (guap) Deyjah and Neek-Neek and Messiah like "Daddy, get 'em" Got an angel named Leah here to keep me outta prison And my partner Jason Geter to help me see about a billion Listen; Grand Hustle, best respect this vision My records sell about a million, but shit that just the beginnin What with Club Crucial and Grand Hustle film division Multiplication to get the paper, I let the clique do the division Break bread, StreetCred.com makin a killin Plus "A King of Oneself," high fashion, I'm flashin I'm, ready for whatever though, trained to go you better know Put dick up in whoever hoe, let 'em know [T.I.] I gotta thank my lucky stars cause it came so far Dope game, rap game, 'bout the same so far Brag about your lil' Benz, nigga that ain't no car I got some shit in my garage that requires a chauffeur High as gas is, the country at war and people are starvin And I pay a million dollars for Ferrari's, retarded, huh? Sorry bruh, been a dick that been ballin since it started up Season hoe, get 'em all to fuck cause they know this dough stack tall as fuck Nah, it ain't that I'm rich that they hate so much Least I could do it, not rub it in niggaz face so much So I'm tryin now while I'm rhymin not to brag about the island Or the crib in Hawaii where all the walls slide in House is wide open, we could bring the outside in I think you should hear about it, but fuck it I'll be quiet I just spit it how I live it homie I don't be lyin Would it make you feel better if I put my pockets on the die? If I made less money, started to dress bummy Would the haters and the critics have more respect for me? Should I downgrade the crib and the way I live? Now how about I don't and we just say I did, nigga [Outro: T.I.] Ay say homeboy It's real talk comin at you live and direct homeboy, you dig that? Heh, you could hate all you want partna I'ma give you somethin to hate on, bitch nigga Ha ha! Grand Hustle, you understand? DJ Toomp you did yo' muh'fuckin thang as usual Ay-hey look, P$C partna, Pimp Squad Click Ay, Big Kuntry you up next homie It's the king, BITCH! Yeahhhhhh, they say I ain't Zone One, bitch nigga My grandmama been livin on Center Hill 43 years, hoe-ass nigga You understand that? Nigga come meet me nigga See me nigga! You know? Why niggaz gotta wait 'til a nigga got the police watchin you and start kickin that fuck shit, you know? You know how I get down, you know what it was nigga You know you don't wanna see me, bitch nigga! Yeahhhhhh, AY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Jay-Z, Kanye West, Lil Wayne Album: Paper Trail Song: Swagga Like Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro/Chorus 4X: sample of M.I.A.'s "Paper Planes"] "No one on the corner has swagger like us" "Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us" [Kanye West] {"No one on the corner"} Mr. West is in the buildin Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion {"No one on the corner"} Aiyyo I know I got it first I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the pilgrims Thanksgiving, do we even got a question? Hermes pastel, I pass the dressin My attitude is tattooed That mean it's permanent, so I guess we should address it, huh? {"No one on the corner"} My swagger is Mick Jagger Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it Why he so mad for? Why he gotta have it? Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master Naaaaa-na-naaaaa How it feel to wake up and be the shit, and the urine? Naaaaa-na-naaaaa Tryna get that Kobe number, one over Jordan [Jay-Z] Geah.. {"No one on the corner"} Got a bop like this Can't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit No one on the corner got a pocket like this So I rock Roc jeans cause my knots so thick You can learn how to dress just by jackin my fresh Jackin-jackin my fresh, jackin-jackin my fresh Follow my steps is the road to success Where the niggaz know you're thorough when the girls say yes (yes!) {"No one on the corner"} But I can't teach you my swag You can pay for school but you can't buy class {"No one on the corner"} School of hard knocks I'm a grad And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap It's Hooooo-vahhhhh Dippin different Rovers, whippin with the soda Hooooo-vahhhhh Did you even have any doubt after "Doubt" it was over [Lil Wayne] No one on the corner has swagger like moi Church, but I'm too clean for the choir I require, what I desire I got stripes, A-di-das Mamis scream, "¡Papi no más!" Run up in your shit, just me, no Moss Runnin this shit like I got fo' thighs No one has swagger like these fo' guys Now when it comes to styles, I got several Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal And my jew-els, blue and yellow The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo Rules as follows stay true to the ghetto Write your name on the bullet make you feel special Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin 'bout? I know it's us cause we the only thing to talk about And I'm gone... bye [T.I.] Yeah, hah, you think? That's right; ay You can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play Kanyeezy for diversity and me for controversy All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose You ain't livin what you kickin then you worthless Lookin from the surface it may seem like I got reason to be nervous Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical Last thing I'm worried 'bout is what another rapper do Ain't nobody hot as me Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin quality Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that But spittin real life on hot beats, I'm the truth at You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary Livin revolutionary, nothin less than legendary Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag [T.I. - over Chorus] Okay, yeah, that's right Okay, yeah, so you notice huh? Hah, yeah, okay, tell 'em for me shawty Yeah, that's right, yeah [Chorus] - echoes at the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ John Legend Album: Paper Trail Song: Slide Show Typed by: SlipperyW@emailaccount.com [Verse One: T.I.] When I think about all my time and all my struggle Through all my grinding and all my troubles Man I came up from nothing, all I had was a hustle with a blindfold trying to find pieces to the puzzle no muzzle I tell it like it is, that's that  Right or wrong I'ma call it like I see it don't forget That impossible is nothing your environments irrelavant  just don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence  Refuse to give up, your mistakes don't define you  they don't dictate where your headed they remind you The Time keep ticking let your mind keep clicking  Never stop thinking be aware of your positions  Be aware of the collisions and the potholes sitting on the road that you travel on your life long mission just listen every day is like a snapshot taken  if you live you can learn to be patient [Hook: John Legend] Cuz life is like a slideshow all the places that I go and I the things that I know through all the highs and low Cuz life is like a slideshow All things that I've seen and all the things that I've dreamed you can't take away from me cuz life is like a slideshow  [Verse Two: T.I.] As I look back at a fly young cat who could rap with a dream look where I took that Beginning on Bankhead then it spread out vision in my head all I had to was get it out when I walked out of my house and looked at my street All I seen was opportunity that led me to truency I ain't really have a role model to infleunce me Uncle Quinn in prison they say next it's going be you in it As I juvenile caught cases so fluently Look at my life and learn from it don't do it if I only knew back then what I know now how much better life would of been if I'da slowed down Maybe I'da been Kanye instead of seeing Gunplay But God got a plan, I'll understand one day But one day of life, like a snapshot taken  Just believe you can make it have faith be patient [Hook] [Legend singing] Ohhhh, ohhh, ohhhhhh~! Looking back on my lifetime see the slides go by, sometimes I wonder why looking back on where I've been I remember when do you remember then The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album:  Paper Trail Song:   You Ain't Missin' Nothin' Typed by: AnttheCaesar@yahoo.com   [Intro: T.I.] Ay... say, pimp... This to er'body strecthed out behind the walls... Countin' days on they calendar... Flippin' pages month to month... Ay, man, I'ont give a damn how other folks treat ya, man I just wanna-- I wanna let ya know, pimp Y'een missin' nothin', homeboy... real talk   [Chorus: T.I.] I know the time seem long, just try and keep strong Put on ya headphones and rewind this song Remember you ain't missin' nothin', homes I promise you ain't missin' nothin', homes Hey, just know the club on hold and the broads on pause You get home, it's gon' be waitin' on y'all So dawg, just know fa real you ain't missin' nothin', homes I promise you ain't missin' nothin', homes   [Verse One] On er'ythang My uncle did a decade Came home, hit the ground runnin' gettin' paid Like he never did a day Hit the streets niggas still in the same place they was 'Fore he went in the chain gang and doin' the same thing Cuz the game go on, you only do two days in the joint The day you get locked up and the day you go home I know it feel like the world passin' you by Like shit happenin' everyday out there that you'ont know bout E'rytime you call home ya baby mama show out And ya pat'nas don't even send you flicks from when they go out But don't worry bout it or stress it cuz shawty, know what? The time do itself, all you gotta do is show up Keep layin' down, wakin' up and thankin' the Lord And 'fo you know it they gon' open the doors, true story Just prepare yourself for it, if you ain't got a plan What you need with a second chance? Shit, you gon' blow it Learn and visualize what you tryna do And do the time, homeboy don't let the time do you They say the time just flew in the streets Hard to believe from in there but you'll see soon as you on the streets     [Verse Two] Probably thinkin' easy for me to say from here in the booth But they showed you, they'll put me in there with you Right now locked down in the state of the feds, lay in the bed Playin' this over and over as you say in ya head "Yeah... next time I'ma be straight Just count down to my release date..." piece of cake My nigga Cap right now servin' a life sentence For a murder he committed in his self-defense And in such good spirits shawty ain't even trippin' And I could be right in there with him, no bullshittin' He on his ninth year now just waitin' to get out Got me thinkin' my shit ain't even worth complainin' about Cuz it can still be worse fa sho So you waitin' on me to lose hope you got to kill me first I talked to my nigga Big Meech Had to tell him the streets miss him just as much as he miss the streets Had to let him know whenever he released We hittin' the club like '03, this time it's on me Yeah we laugh, reminisce for a minute and then I tell him just know ain't nobody ever did it as big It'll never be the same in this city again Closest you'll get is me and Jeezy and them So dawg, if it seem like you left behind, ten steps behind Just know it only get better with time, fa real     [ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Paper Trail Song: Dead and Gone Typed by: email@daniel-curry.co.uk [Spoken - T.I.] Ay Let me kick it to you right quick, man That on some gangsta shit man, on some real shit Anybody done been through the same thing, I'm sure you feel the same way Big Phil This for you pimpin' [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead and gone [Verse 1 - T.I.] Ever had one of dem days wish woulda stayed home Run into a group of niggas who gettin' they hate on You walk by They get wrong You reply then shit get blown Way outta proportion Way past discussion Just you against them, pick one then rush 'em Figure you get your hair that's next They don't wanna stop there now they bussin' Now you gushin', ambulance rushin' You to the hospital with a bad concussion Plus ya hit 4 times Plus it hit ya spine Paralyzed waist down now ya wheel chair bound Nevermind that now you lucky to be alive Just think it all started you fussin' with 3 guys Now ya pride in the way, but ya pride is the way You could fuck around, get shot, die anyday Niggas die everyday All over bull shit, dope money, dice game, ordinary hood shit Could this be 'cos of hip hop music? Or did the ones with the good sense not use it? Usually niggas don't know what to do when their back against the wall so they just start shootin' For red or for blue or for blo I guess From Bankhead or from your projects No more stress, now I'm straight, now I get it, now I take Time to think, before I make mistakes just for my family's sake That part of me left yesterday The heart of me is strong today No regrets I'm blessed to say The old me dead and gone away [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead and gone [Verse 2 - T.I.] I aint never been scared, I lived through tragedy Situation coulda been dead lookin' back at it Most of that shit didn't even have to happen But you don't think about it when you out there trappin' In apartments, hangin', smokin', and rappin' Niggas start shit, next thing ya know we cappin' Get locked up then didn't even get mad Now think about damn what a life I had Most of that shit, look back, just laugh Some shit still look back get sad Maybe my homboy still be around Had I not hit the nigga in the mouth that time I won that fight I lost that war I can still see my nigga walkin' out that door Who'da thought I'd never see Philant no more? Got enough dead homies I don't want no more Cost a nigga his job Cost me more I'da took that ass-whoopin now for sure Now think before I risk my life Take them chances to get my stripe A nigga put his hands on me alright Otherwise stand there talk shit all night 'Cos I hit you, you sue me, I shoot you, get locked up, who me? No more stress, now I'm straight, now I get it, now I take Time to think, before I make mistakes just for my family's sake That part of me left yesterday The heart of me is strong today No regrets I'm blessed to say The old me dead and gone away [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone [Hook - Justin Timberlake] I turn my head to the East I don't see nobody by my side I turn my head to the West Still nobody in sight So I turn my head to the North Swallow that pill that they call pride That old me is dead and gone But that new me will be alright I turn my head to the East I don't see nobody by my side I turn my head to the West Still nobody in sight So I turn my head to the North Swallow that pill that they call pride That old me is dead and gone But that new me will be alright [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: Collect Call  Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * iTunes bonus track on the "Deluxe Edition" [T.I. - Intro] Ay... I know it been a minute since I had a lil' one-on-one witcha.. Heh, or should I say one-on-one-million? But..I just gotta say man  Through the lil' period in my life, man  I really see how fucked up some of you suckas is, man.. Remember, I don't really need shit! It's the thought that counts.. On top of the world when I'm standin tall But if I ever ever had to take a fall Will you accept my collect call?  Will you accept my collect call? 'Cause everybody loves you when you balllllin But don't nobody want you when you falllllin, (I gotta know) Will you accept my collect call? (I gotta know) Will you accept my collect call? [T.I. - over chorus] I think I'ma forget this shit homie Huh? Hah Don't holla at me in the club, nigga fuck you! Real talk, nigga..Tell the truth, shawty.. Be f'real [T.I. - Verse 1ne] I was told way back in the day when I was trappin Nevermind what niggaz say, judge 'em all on they actions It's hard to imagine when you travelin Havin fun gettin paper catch a case and see how niggaz act then Out the cell, partna been five, he rattin on me Got a little Benja' pension, now they turn they back on me (Did who?) Shiiit, 'cause out of sight is out of mind Better put your trust in God, homie man'll let you down err'ytime (Real talk) And I'm speakin from experience, serious Imagine my suprise hearin from the inside Err'ybody talkin bout me like the nigga just died "Tip gone twenty years at the least, bet five" ("Nigga f'real, nigga you can't get away wit dat shit!") Man niggaz just lie for suspicion of extension ("Dat nigga kept it") Not to mention the rumors of me committin suicide ("He KILLED HISSELF??") God will open your eyes and show you who really witcha But keep it in the back of your mind when it's over how niggaz did ya (I won't forget..) [T.I. - Verse 2wo] I ain't never asked a nigga to do shit for me I wouldn't do in return, but guess you live and you learn Don't expect my well bein to be a nigga concern 'Cause I know that ain't the way the world turn 'Cause err'body love to see a nigga assed out Rather see ya lose it all than to see you cash out They gossip like bitches, I don't e'en ask how 'Cause niggaz ain't shit, I believe that now And it even matter how much you do for people They'll love to see ya beat down livin in the gutta - what a shame at the least in the game when you see They want you locked up more than the police The sucka can't wait to get a nigga off the street They hate to see me sittin on butter soft seats ("Look at dat nigga!") Dog peep, bet to you don't e'en make sense But that mentality EXACTLY why you'll never be rich - hater! [T.I. - Verse 3hree] I remain a +Stand Up Guy,+ +No Matter What+ I Stood tall, chest out, head up high Wit my back against the wall, layin it all on the line Wit God on my side I perform e'rytime  (Must I remind you?) Similar to a miracle, just short of amazin Survived shit that would've drove most niggaz crazy Rose to the occasion, whatever situation Suprised haters and came out guns a-blazin Theoretically speakin, but you rather be thinkin  I'll fold 'cause you would if you were me, I know All I got is the family, friends come and go And with that understandin, I put none befo' My folk, y'know enough to do the same I hope If not...Shit, ya ass'll find out When you on top e'rybody wanna ball wit ya but when ya not you wouldn't even know who to call, would ya? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: I Know You Missed Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * iTunes bonus track on the Deluxe Editon I know you miss me, I know you miss me.. They say the city ain't the same and the night like died Since T.I.'s inside, like the streets been quiet Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know The say the thugs ain't ballin and the dubs ain't fallin Like the club been sorry, but I’m back now shawty, ay Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know [Verse 1ne] Yeah, y'know I do it for the city and err'body descendant The generals and lieutenants salute high representers Since I’ve been sittin' a minute, know err'body be missin me Walkin off in the club, gettin err'body attention When I'm out, record was spinnin, they start it from the beginning Get bottles of Cris' n' Remy and pass it out to the women Pull out a stack of twenty, throw it up to the ceilin Watch it fall to the flo', start throwin some mo' Ask anybody you know, wherever party you go With me in the V.I.P., know that shit was outta control If I pull up in a Mercedes, or hoppin out of the Rouge Continue hatin but hey, I'm the flyest guy that you know Ay East Coast, West Coast, Midwest, South I keep a fire marshal at the do' stressed out Line stretched around the corner, shut the whole event down Been a minute in the city since it really went down, ain't it? [Verse 2wo] I'm gettin calls err'y evening, sayin the streets need me I'm at it just as soon as I'm able pimpin believe me Niggaz talkin greasy but they don't wanna see me They know where to find me, soon as they release me Remember me and Jeezy, at least once a week we hit the strip club, show these niggaz how to treat figures Hey, one stack, two stacks, three stacks, fo' Nigga, five stacks, gon' tell 'em bring ten mo' And Lamborghinis' and Apollos', they see me they screamin holla The robbers follow the ballers, so {?} in my products Still ain't nobody hotter, I put that on my daughter Long as I been sittin still, niggaz still ain’t caught up Atlanta you know I run it, err'body astonished 'Ey gotta stay in their houses like err'ybody were punished Tell 'em they can quit frontin and them suckas sit down Let 'em know the king comin and he shut this shit down, homie [Bridge] And err'y time I take the city back And wear my crown, nigga give me dat - dat, dat Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know I did my thang, stack my millis Now it time for me to bring back my city, ay Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Rihanna Album: Paper Trail Song: Live Your Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of The O-Zone's "Dragostea Din Tei"] Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha {*repeat 4X*} [T.I. – over Intro] Ay... this a special what's happenin to all my All my soldiers over there in Iraq E'rybody right here What you need to do is be thankful for the life you got, y'knowmsayin? Stop lookin at what you ain't got Start bein thankful for what you do got Let's give it to 'em baby girl, hey [Chorus: Rihanna] {*with T.I. ad libs*} You're gonna be, a shinin star In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars And then you'll see, you're gonna go far Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are So live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) You steady chasin that paper Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) Ain't got no time for no haters Just live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) No tellin where it'll take ya Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy) Cause I'm a paper chaser Just livin my life (AYY) my life (OHH) My life (AYY) my life (OHH) Just livin my life (AYY) my life (OHH) My life (AYY) my life (OHH) just livin my life [T.I.] Hey, never mind what haters say, ignore 'em 'til they fade away Amazin they ungrateful after all the game I gave away Safe to say I paved the way for you cats to get paid today You still be wastin days away now had I never saved the day Consider them my protégé, homage I think they should pay Instead of bein gracious they violate in a major way I never been a hater, still I love 'em in a crazy way Some say they sold the yay' and know they couldn't get work on Labor Day It ain't that black and white, it has an area the shade of gray I'm Westside anyway, even if I left today and stayed away Some move away to make a way, not move away cause they afraid I brought back to the hood, and all you ever did was take away I pray for patience but they make me wanna melt they face away Like I once made 'em spray, now I could make 'em put the K's away Been thuggin all my life, can't say I don't deserve to take a break You'd rather see me catch a case and watch my future fade away [T.I.] I'm the opposite of moderate, immaculately polished with the spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid Allergic to the counterfeit, impartial to the politics Articulate, but still'll grab a nigga by the collar quick Whoever havin problems with their record sales just hollow-tip If that don't work and all else fails then turn around and follow Tip I got love for the game, but ay I'm not in love with all of it Could do without the fame, and rappers nowadays are comedy The hootin and the hollerin, back and forth with the arguin Where you from, who you know, what you make and what kind of car you in Seems as though you lost sight of what's important when depositin them checks into your bank account, and you up out of poverty Your values is a disarray, prioritizin horribly Unhappy with the riches cause you're piss poor morally Ignorin all prior advice and forewarnin And we mighty full of ourselves all of a sudden, aren't we? [Rihanna] Got everybody watchin what I do, come walk in my shoes And see the way I'm livin if you really want to Got my mind on my money And I'm not goin awayyyyyyy So keep on gettin your paper, and keep on climbin Look in the mirror, and keep on shinin (shinin) Until the game ends, 'til the clock stop We gon' post up on the top spot Livin the life, the life In the Windmill City got my whole team with me The life, my life I do it how I wanna do I'm livin my life, my life I will never lose I'm livin my life, my liiiife And I'll never stop it {"Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha" - *repeat 4X*} [Just Blaze] So live your life, your life, your life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Paper Trail Song: Dead and Gone Typed by: email@daniel-curry.co.uk [Spoken - T.I.] Ay Let me kick it to you right quick, man That on some gangsta shit man, on some real shit Anybody done been through the same thing, I'm sure you feel the same way Big Phil This for you pimpin' [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead and gone [Verse 1 - T.I.] Ever had one of dem days wish woulda stayed home Run into a group of niggas who gettin' they hate on You walk by They get wrong You reply then shit get blown Way outta proportion Way past discussion Just you against them, pick one then rush 'em Figure you get your hair that's next They don't wanna stop there now they bussin' Now you gushin', ambulance rushin' You to the hospital with a bad concussion Plus ya hit 4 times Plus it hit ya spine Paralyzed waist down now ya wheel chair bound Nevermind that now you lucky to be alive Just think it all started you fussin' with 3 guys Now ya pride in the way, but ya pride is the way You could fuck around, get shot, die anyday Niggas die everyday All over bull shit, dope money, dice game, ordinary hood shit Could this be 'cos of hip hop music? Or did the ones with the good sense not use it? Usually niggas don't know what to do when their back against the wall so they just start shootin' For red or for blue or for blo I guess From Bankhead or from your projects No more stress, now I'm straight, now I get it, now I take Time to think, before I make mistakes just for my family's sake That part of me left yesterday The heart of me is strong today No regrets I'm blessed to say The old me dead and gone away [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead and gone [Verse 2 - T.I.] I aint never been scared, I lived through tragedy Situation coulda been dead lookin' back at it Most of that shit didn't even have to happen But you don't think about it when you out there trappin' In apartments, hangin', smokin', and rappin' Niggas start shit, next thing ya know we cappin' Get locked up then didn't even get mad Now think about damn what a life I had Most of that shit, look back, just laugh Some shit still look back get sad Maybe my homboy still be around Had I not hit the nigga in the mouth that time I won that fight I lost that war I can still see my nigga walkin' out that door Who'da thought I'd never see Philant no more? Got enough dead homies I don't want no more Cost a nigga his job Cost me more I'da took that ass-whoopin now for sure Now think before I risk my life Take them chances to get my stripe A nigga put his hands on me alright Otherwise stand there talk shit all night 'Cos I hit you, you sue me, I shoot you, get locked up, who me? No more stress, now I'm straight, now I get it, now I take Time to think, before I make mistakes just for my family's sake That part of me left yesterday The heart of me is strong today No regrets I'm blessed to say The old me dead and gone away [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone [Hook - Justin Timberlake] I turn my head to the East I don't see nobody by my side I turn my head to the West Still nobody in sight So I turn my head to the North Swallow that pill that they call pride That old me is dead and gone But that new me will be alright I turn my head to the East I don't see nobody by my side I turn my head to the West Still nobody in sight So I turn my head to the North Swallow that pill that they call pride That old me is dead and gone But that new me will be alright [Chorus - Justin Timberlake (T.I.) ] Ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone And ohhhh (eyyy) I've been travellin' on this road too long (too long) Just tryna find my way back home (back home) The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, dead... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail Song: Whatever You Like Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Ay J-O, you know the ol' sugar daddies They be trickin, they tell them girls I said you could have whatever you like (if you like) I said you could have whatever you like (if you like) Yeah (yeah) [Chorus: T.I.] Stacks on deck (deck) Patron on ice (ice) And we can pop bottles all night And baby you could have whatever you like (if you like) I said you could have whatever you like, yeah (yeah) Late night sex, so wet it's so tight (tight) I gas up the jet for you tonight And baby you could go wherever you like (if you like) I said you could go wherever you like, yeah (yeah) [T.I.] Anytime you want to pick up the telephone you know it ain't nothin to drop a couple stacks on you Want it, you could get it my dear Five million dollar home, drop Bentleys I swear, yeah [Interlude: T.I.] I want yo' body (body) need yo' body Long as you got me you won't need nobody You want it I got it, go get it I'll buy it Tell them other broke nigga be quiet [T.I.] Shawty you the hottest, love the way you drop it Brain so good (good) I swore you went to college Hundred karat deposit, to vacations in the tropics Cause e'rybody know it ain't trickin if you got it Ya need never ever gotta go to yo' wallet Long as I got rubberband banks in my pocket Five six rides with, rims and a body kit Ya ain't gotta downgrade, you can get what I get My chick could have what she want And go in any sto' for any bag she want And no, she ain't never had a man like that To buy you anything ya heart desires like that, yeah [Interlude] [T.I.] I'm talkin big boy rides, and big boy ice Let me put this big boy in yo' life The thang get so wet, and hit so right Let me put this big boy in yo' life That's right [Interlude] [Outro: T.I.] Ay J-O {*echoes*} Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Paper Trail: Case Closed Song: Remember Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Mary J. Blige - Intro] Don't forget, to remem-ber meeeeeeeeeee... (Let's get 'em, Mary) [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] (T.I.) Don't forget, to remeeeeember me (Ay, don't forget shawty) I'll be back, so remeeeeember me (Remember this..) Please keep me in your heart, if we ever have to part (Ay, don't forget shawty)  Don't forget, -get, to remeeeeeember me [T.I. - Verse 1ne] (It's the King, homie) Ay, the King, modern-day Martin Luther, Malcolm X, I'm  officially the freshest, don't dare forget, I'm  gone, momentarily, don't bury me yet  Like Ali got, I got the title back, prepare me to that  When the world needed Tip, ask where he was at  But when he need somethin back, nigga fade to black  Talk shit behind his back, you a hater for that I don't expect nothin less, in the game of chess  You think five moves ahead and not behind  Niggaz jumped up, cheered when I got my time  Like, "Yeah! One whole year I got the grind"  But get me losin off your mind shawty, may I remind you that  there ain't another nigga who done been through what I been through  Time after time again, you better get some in you When you, said it was over for him and you thought  He couldn't continue to floss, here's to your memory loss, suckas! [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] (T.I.) Don't forget, to remeeeeember me (Ay, don't forget shawty, ay, don't forget shawty ) I'll be back, so remeeeeember me (Yeah, yeah, remember this, shawty) Please keep me in your heart, if we ever have to part (Yeeea! It won't be long, shawty)  Don't forget, -get, to remeeeeeember me (Ay, don't forget shawty) [T.I. - Verse 2wo] (Here we GO!) They say, outta sight's out of mind  and nine times, out of ten, men out of pocket out of line  You do it big, errybody that you out-shined  Then your ol' lady fate talk 'bout how she got fine  She say she was tryin to get away, he say, "About time"  Right now we all thinkin "Damn, hopin not mine"  But when it's lights out for ya and you locked down  Ain't no tellin whether or not your lady went and got down  wit the nigga cross town, 'cause he hot now  Rippin up your love letters, liftin up her night gown  Right now, somebody baby momma gettin piped down Kids in the next room listenin, "Momma pipe down!"  The thought hurt, don't it? But maybe she's strong enough  or, ain't get that lonely, 'cause you wasn't gone long enough  But trust, it's just a temporarily setback It's on when I get back, please don't forget dat! [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] (T.I.) Don't forget, to remeeeeember me (So remember this, shawty) I'll be back, so remeeeeember me (It's the King, bitch!) Please keep me in your heart, if we ever have to part (Ay, don't forget shawty)  Don't forget, -get, to remeeeeeember me (Take it out, Mary) [Mary J. Blige - Bridge] I don't mean to feel like this Don't mean to think like this  My heart just has to be sure  That the love that I give to you  That's the love that I get from you  I NEED to be safe and secuuuuuure, oooh-oooh (Just let me know you thankin 'bout me) [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] (T.I.) Don't forget, to remeeeeember me (Ay don't forget, shawty, ay, don't forget shawty) I'll be back, so remeeeeember me (Keep me on your mind, shawty) Please keep me in your heart, if we ever have to part (Ay, don't forget shawty)  Don't forget, -get, to remeeeeeember me No, no, no- no, no, nooooooo [T.I. - Outro] Just a friendly message for everybody, man who thought I was gone forever Partna, it's a year and a day and countin, ya understand that? By the time you hear this, I'll prol'ly be halfway home Now remember dat, suckas! Hehehehe! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Paper Trail: Case Closed Song: Hell of a Life Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Ay, ay... It's the King representin once more, ya understand? When people see me on Bankhead..  Man the folks start pointin, screamin, and wavin, and yellin and... I'm talumbout man, ay look mayne y'know I'm sayin.. I don't wanna roll over no toes in my Rolls, you dig what I'm sayin? Y'all just back up, let a pimp pass through, you dig?  Hahahahah! The Beamers, Bentley's, double Maserati's  Every time I see you, shawty where ya headin tonight?  (Hey, where ya headin shawty?) Sellin out arenas, chicks wit asses like Serena  Man, shawty live a hell of a life (I'm tryna tell ya shawty) It's a hell of a liiiiiiiife man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiiife... (That's how it is, real talk, true story) I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife... (That's how it is, real talk, true story) [Verse 1ne] Y'know, shawty goin extra hard when they release his passport  Why I need a credit card? What you thank this cash for? (What?!) Hit the dealership and give 'em every dime he ask for  Just so I can see two-hunnid sixty on the dashboard  If shinin 'gainst the law, somebody better get the task force  Find me hoes, lemme, lemme fuck 'em 'til their ass hoarse  Pimpin' 101, just come and see me take a crash course  You wanna count my money, go to college, need a math course  On a Mach-dash-4, a hunnid milligram-y  Breakneck speed 'til I see a billi comin  I'm filthy rich and hungry, feel the crumblin in my stomach I'm still stuntin off the chain, chasin nothin but some money  Put a couple pair of cools like I'm playin gin rummy  No cards, just broads when a nigga dick hard  Flooded offshore Auto Mart, lookin like a car start  Put it in her wristwatch, ballin like a big shot  [Verse 2wo] Swag on fully, no semi, hoe hear me? Bankrolls, no pennies, drop Rolls/roles, no Emmy's  Street cred, no blemish, credit card, no limit  You want Bankhead to spot a drop head, I'm in it!  And bendin, a couple corners, hoppin on 20 Wit three or four women givin love like tennis  I'm about just where her chin is, giving me the bih'ness While I'm ridin through the city, gag, swallow, no spittin  Livin life, like I just got out of prison Wednesday night  If yo' chick is in my sight, then that chick is gettin right  And I know niggaz now with bitches think I'm hittin it and they right  They keep my name up out dey mouth and mind dey business, dey aight  Hey aight, if you hear me say aight, okay, aight?  'Cause you know I got dem goons with me and I pay aight  And they would like to see me broke or back to prison see me go  But instead they see me ballin, stuntin, everywhere we go - GO! [Interlude] Money won't fall, pockets on swole Rubberband keep poppin out my {?} (I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife...) (That's how it is, real talk, true story) Brand new car fill my brand new chicks A hunnid bands right quick to see ya man doin biz (I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife...) (That's how it is, real talk, true story) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Kid Cudi, Kanye West Album: No Mercy Song: Welcome to the World Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [T.I. - Intro] Yeah~! Aye Ye? Why don't you let me welcome these niggaz to the world they ain't welcome to, ya understand? It bring me great pleasure to welcome the real and banish the fake No big mouth that hold cake, fag bait ass niggaz allowed But to everybody else [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) I would like to welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon [T.I.] It's my pleasure to welcome you to the world of Fast money, flashy cars, big guns, undone, threw away for the love of The game, I don't need a chain or the fame Still shine, spend time with the girls of Fake smiles, broken hearts trying hard in the club looking for her real love You won't find it here All I got is hard dick and conversation for you I was just high, even lying when I say I love you My mind saying it were both, I just wanna fuck you, her too Blowing Lyle, smelling like a Bubba Kush perfume She coming home with me, she finna meet her doom She ain't sayin I'm the greatest? Finna change her tune The coldest and the hottest call me December June Deliver euphoria straight to your room I hit that ass, and I wait, I zoom Make it rain non-stop call me young typhoon Top spot already filled up no room Thought I would put some paper in your purse so soon Well wrong she is and mistaken she was Tip broke? Never heard no such thing of I'll fuck you up, don't touch me cuz Just trust me bruh, it must be Li-li-li-living my dreams, don't wake me up Yo-yo-you fake it till you make it, must suck All th-th-the haters hate us for the flav of the paper Th-th-that's why I can't love my neighbors Da-da-dangerous, don't kick, cut you If you ain't welcome in my world, bitch fuck you! Da-da-dangerous, don't kick, cut you You ain't welcome in my world, bitch fuck you! [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) I would like to welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon [Kanye West] I would like to welcome you to the world of Fake bitches, no love, what the fuck you take me for? Show love - I hate haters in the club You must not really know where I come from Exactly where my heart or you would never, never, NEVER UGH, where do I start? People ask me shit about Illuminati First off - FUCK that mean? "He loved Jesus when he he he was worse off" Oh I see, when they, think a nigga is, stupid rich People just start coming up with stupid shit! Man shit - I could never predict Hold up, let me hit you with this Rolling in a Bugatti with four chains is some foolishness Yeah, yeah, yeah, that'd be the shit They'd rather see a nigga locked up, why? For stupid shit Look how they did my nigga Tip Soon as Wayne get out, Tip go in Wonder why the nigga wanna make the clip go in Wonder why it so hard when it get going Hold ya head my niggaz the system is Made to make niggaz fall, made to make niggaz fail Especially if you ball, they don't take niggaz well Na-nah, you can't come through flying in a, in a Bentley shining I'm in the back, backseat driving Screaming on a nigga like I'm actually driving [Chorus: Kanye West, Kid Cudi] + (T.I.) Welcome you to the world of (world of) Fast money, fast cars, big diamond rings, chief chains and the girls of (girls of) Fake smiles, broken hearts and if you looking for your real love You won't find it here If you looking for your real love Well goodnight my dear  Oooh, if you looking for real love  Don't come around here  Oooh, if you looking for real love  It ain't here my dear  Mmmmm mmmmm  Move ooooooon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mitchelle'l, Scarface Album: No Mercy Song: How Life Changed Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Ay say K.T., I remember bruh, standin out ten of us Flip a bird, split it up, antenna stickin up For crooked cops patrollin if the red dog rollin all the dope I'm throwin, fuck a jail, I ain't goin tonight Quick to pull a fo'-fo' in a fight Under the street lights rollin the dice We were so enticed, by niggaz like slick money and ice We figure prison it just come with the life, along with losin your life And there was no way we thought We'd go to jail for e'ry case we caught For all the yay we bought, not a dime did we say we borrowed Bought damn near every pair of J's at the mall Had our way with the broads, hit the rink but we ain't skatin at all Seem like every other day we'd brawl, that A.K. on call When I think about all we done It's amazin to see how far we've come Remember? Ay [Chorus: Mitchelle'l] Ohhh! Oh-ohhh! I remember walkin (walkin) Didn't have a dollar in my pocket (in my pocket) Now I'm watchin stocks like what's the options (options) Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed I remember hustlin (hustlin) Tryin to keep these crooked cops off us (off us) Now I read about it in my office (in my office) Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed [T.I.] Ay say C-Rod, remember days we was slangin the hard? In a crib with no lights we used to stay in the dark Remember Cap and Mac Boney man, they were retarded I don't know who kept us laughin the hardest Since our stacks is the largest, didn't take us long to corner the market I remember every day was a party 15, 16, was dreams of bein cocaine bosses In pursuit of that we made so many terrible choices Like the time we made away with that millenium From the dealership before our day, wasn't we killin them? Late nights, gun fights, high speed chases So close to the good life we tasted Damn the consequences pimp, if it's a chance we'd take it First case a month in juvenile and get probation When I think about all we done It's amazin to see how far we've come Remember? [Scarface] We started small time, dope game hustlin that cocaine Interstate traffickin, high feelin no pain Numb to the fact that we was poisonin our own kind I ain't give a fuck, he gettin his so I want mine Young'n with that attitude, somebody finna give me that I ain't give a fuck, how I got it, it was real as that So if I had to peel a cap, somebody was dead then Since I'm a killer that's the condition my head's in Can't work too hard to get my money, I refuse to Slave for the next man who raised nigga, fuck you! These streets are 9-to-5, you want it we can get it for ya And even though they steady changin this is still a hustle Still got them same rules, may not be the same game We done found some brand new money, still we maintain The same integrity we upheld in the street light Livin a motherfuckin dream nigga singin like [Chorus] w/ Scarface ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Chris Brown Album: No Mercy Song: Get Back Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] I'm only, I'm only human dawg I'm only human dawg {*3X*} Ay, ay listen to me [Interlude: Chris Brown] Hello, out there Can you, hear me? It's an S.O.S. To let me, be me [Chorus: T.I.] + (Chris Brown) Ay when they push you down you got to (get back up) I'm only human y'all Ay when they push you down you got to (get back up) I'm just a human y'all Push the dirt, off your jersey then go for the cup Or the trophy, or the ring, champion no matter what Cause when you got the belt, and the ring People with you poppin bottles, takin pictures, look around But soon as you fall down all the haters passin judgment (ohh no no) Fly as I'm is shawty I'ma rise above this (ohh no no no no) [T.I.] Hey what it is world? Yeah it's me again Back before you, at your mercy, on bended knee again No runnin from the truth, as much as we pretend that it ain't what it is, then it hits CNN Apologies to my fans and my closest friends (I'm sorry) for lettin you down, I won't take you down this road again (uh-uh) Most of you now sayin "Whatever, here we go again" Blogs, radio and television all goin in I laugh to keep from cryin through all of the embarrassment (I gotta say) I gotta say you fuckin haters is hilarious (ha ha) How dare you sit right there and act as if you holier than thou? Point your finger now with me lookin down (down) Same clown that was TwitPic'in at my weddin On the same Twitter page disrespectin, wait a second (hold up~!) Never mind my imperfections, this a fact, remember that No mistake's too great to recover and bounce back [T.I.] I admit, yeah I done some dumb shit, disappointed e'rybody I know Try not to hold that against me though My road to redemption has no GPS So guess that time must be invested for this to be manifested Yes it's, hard livin life in the spotlight Tryin to dodge the haters same time as the cop light The Bible say "Let he without sin cast the stone first" (stone first) The sinner or the one who judged him, who was wrong first? Yea he go to work, never done no drugs up until the Fed He just drink his liquor, touch his kids, beat his wife instead (damn) Difference is my shortcomings hit the media Thanks to TMZ, the AJC and Wikipedia See the stairway to heaven while steppin down Jacob's ladder My good outweigh the bad, God ain't that what really matter? (nope) And matter fact, I'm wrong but after that The good I done in yo' hood, should it over-shadow that? Got the world laughin at me for the moment But it gonna be your turn 'fore it's over with, even if you're so legit that you get a house with a dog and a picket fence The people with you then but when they turn on you remember this [Interlude] - 3X w/ Chris Brown ad libs [T.I. - over Interlude] Ay, ay, ay, ay I'm only human dawg Ay, I'm only human dawg Ay, ay, ay, ay Ay you can love me, or either leave me Before you judge me, just let me be me Ay you can love me, or either leave me Before you judge me, see life ain't easy Yeah, you gon' miss me when I'm gone I know when I'm gone, I bet you gon' miss me when I'm gone You gon' miss me when I'm gone Hmm, you gon' miss me when I'm gone I know when I'm gone, I bet you gon' miss me when I'm gone You gon' miss me when I'm gone I accept full responsibility for all the wrong I've done If y'all thought I was perfect I apologize for bein human man But never again partner You could put my life on that [Interlude] [T.I. - over Interlude] Ay you can love me, or either leave me Before you judge me, just let me be me Ay you can love me, or either leave me Before you judge me, see life ain't easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Rocko Album: No Mercy Song: I Can't Help It Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - T.I. - talking] Yeah ... Nah ... Okay ... What? ... Hey What? ... Hey ... (yeah) Hey ... (yeah) Hey ... Hey ... [Verse 1 - T.I.] Hey, you know me bitch nigga, I'm all of that Hit your broad with a big dick, didn't call her back Relax little cat, let the big dog attack Thought it was over for me homie, did you fall for that? U-turn, ran the red, no cardiac Get your hand out of my pocket, what with all of that? Tell the sheriff, he can get these fuckin charges back A little money, still gotta thank God for that Regardless, Big Bank can't fold it up Ain't another nigga flowin, who as cold as bro Quarter mil' for the show, really though what's up Louis duffle bag, say "load it up" Get into the hotel, better know what's up Leave them niggaz out there, get to hold it up We ain't never had a problem gettin hoes to fuck Suck dick, lick, spit from the shoulders up I let this nut get all over her Another thick bitch kissin all over her Bust the pussy wide open, can't close it up Make her bounce that shit, when you found that bitch She was laid on the ground, panties down, six chicks With a trap bag of money, tryin to count that shit Never will find me around that bitch Unless she got them lips wrapped that dick (cheah) Other niggaz wanna make love, fuck that I bing, bang, pound, beat down that clit Sick Wid It like E-40 and them Fill up every ho jaw, just saw with him This K-I-N-G aka Big Bank aka Shorty Pimp Aye, aka Shorty Pimp Big Bank aka Shorty Pimp [Chorus - Rocko] (T.I.) I get money (yeah), I can't help it (nah) You can't stop it (can you?), you gotta accept it (what?) You can't knock it (what?), you gotta respect it (hey) This is who I am nigga (hey), I can't help it (hey, hey) I can't help it (hey) [T.I] (Rocko) In the ghetto in a drop Rolls-Royce They say keep it one hundred, I ain't got no choice (I can't help it) Yeah, I always Big Bank, I'm so trill and you ain't Cut it down, bitch I can't (I can't help it) Hey, see how I do it, I'm so hood Cut it off, go Hollywood, bitch I would if I could (I can't help it) Hey, the city wouldn't be shit without me Fifteen million dollar houses, still can't get this trap up out me (I can't help it) [Verse 2 - Rocko] I'm a hustler all the way down to the bone Terrorist, every day rhyme with that bomb Stay on a date from the night to the morn' Ain't gonna serve you nothin under a song No fuckin favors, don't ask for no loan Shop with ya dogs, if ya tryin to get on Come in my spot, don't be callin my phone Everything tryin to stop, leave me alone Grindin for days, I haven't been home Dope on the lawn, until it's all gone Mainly strong or whatever you want Gotta get right, give a fuck if it's wrong Shots of Patrón, whole other zone Eight hundreds on but ya know what I'm on Yo' bitch wanna fuck, now that she know that I'm on Oh motherfucker, I just wanna bone Peel me nigga, I got that tone Need no help, I can hum on my own I Terror your Squad but I ain't from the Bronx One in the back, still play with that drum Except no I don't, put it right in your home No radio play, every song that I'm on In case you ain't know, I'm Rocko The Don Zone folk Hamilton, low on fun Gucci my hat, Gucci my drawers G's on my ass, G's cover my balls Gucci my pants, Gucci my shirt Gucci book bag, where I keep all that twerk Gucci bandana on top of my shirt Gucci boots on when I trap in the dirt G's around me everywhere I go G-code, G-code, that's all I know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: No Mercy Song: That's All She Wrote Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus One: T.I.] Now I don't really care what you call me Just as long as you don't call me rude I bet they knew as soon as they saw me Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote The streets like cold Chicago Ain't nothin new, I seen it all befo' But still I ball like no tomorrow Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [Interlude: T.I.] All she wrote, all she wrote I said it's over with, that's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [T.I.] Yeah, ay It's stupid how I go in knowin everybody knowin that I'm sewin up the game, destroyin life, they hate me for it Eventually see they can't beat then with me they join Others sworn under oath or banished left completely scorn You tell lies, get cut, nigga kick rocks You never did blend in with the big shots On a fast track, ain't no need for no pit stop I just laugh at, nigga wishin they was this hot Guess they mad at me, huh? Really pissed off Better that than pissed on; I'm the Jetsons you the Flintstones Catch me in the end zone, high-steppin primetime Thought you niggaz been known, ain't no blockin my shine Like my new Air Yeezy's you can see me in the nighttime I get rich off livin life, you check-to-check recitin rhymes So call me what you want, wanna hate? Have a nice time While I get stupid paper, hey my dough ain't in its right mind, mind, mind [Chorus One] [Eminem] You're starin straight into a barrel of hate, terrible fate Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape Cupid shot his arrow and missed, wait, Sarah you're late Your train left, mascara and egg smear on your face Night's over, goodbye hoe, I thought that I told ya that spilled nut ain't nothin to cry over Never shoulda came within +Range+ of my Rover Should known I was trouble soon as I rolled up Any chick who's dumb enough after I blindfold her She still come back to the crib, must want me to mess with her mind, hold up She mistook me for some high roller when I won't even buy her soda Unless it's Rock & Rye cola (Satan's cheaper) Buy you a bag of Fritos? I wouldn't let you eat the fuckin chip on my shoulder! If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't dye/die for ya Tryin to pull five bucks from me is like tryin to pull five molars You get your eyes swole up, I'm on my straight grizzly So why would I buy you a gay ass teddy bear bitch? You're already bi-polar! [Chorus Two: Eminem] Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches know soon as they saw me It's never me they'll get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado I don't ever know where I'm finna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and that's all she wrote [T.I.] The credit rollin, curtain closin, movie over with (that's it) But don't get mad at me, go blame the chick who wrote this shit Your life is sure a bitch, but she know I'm rich (I'm rich) That's why she give me what I want and I just throw her dick Here I go again, I kick this shit, dividend got it pourin in Peso, euro, yen - ah-ha I'm paid, never gon' be broke again See me posted in, anythang, wearin any chain Never gon' see me totin anythang, all you gon' see is BANG! It's so nice where I kick it, hate you never get to visit Yeah I'm on another level but you niggaz still can get it It's all over 'fore you finished, sorry bro this where we end it Won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business [Eminem] Yeah I guess life is a bitch, ain't it Tip? And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my hankerchief I'm givin these hoes a dose of they own medicine, let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now but in case you didn't This shit's so bad better stick your nose to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wastin it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker, that clock I'm racin it; double timin it but I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time that it may take you pricks to catch on, while you strong-arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say K-Mart's like there's an apostrophe-S on it dawg And they say McDonald's isn't a restaurant, well I guess I'm wrong But if you're gonna tell me that A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the F on dawg [T.I.] Ha ha ha, and on my throne I remain, all alone in my lane I'm as strong as they came, they were gone 'fore they came Now I don't wanna hang, I slap five with them rap guys They just wanna sabotage my hustle shawty that's why, why, why [Chorus Three: Eminem] + (T.I.) Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold (I bet they knew as soon as they saw me) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) I roll like a desperado And I don't ever know where I'm gonna go (But still I ball like there's no tomorrow) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ The-Dream Album: No Mercy Song: No Mercy Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: The-Dream] There's no mercy for me No crying myself to sleep No mercy for me Nightmares have become my dreams No mercy for me Good morning reality Will I wake? We'll never know! I'm late for my date with destiny, let me go! {*echoes*} [The-Dream] Let me go! {*echoes*} You gotta let me go! {*echoes*} Right or wrong, let me go! {*echoes*} I'm on my path, let me go! {*echoes*} [T.I.] My momma love me more than I do, she say, "Your pop was just like you" Trapped in a vicious cycle, Jesus' youngest disciple Tell the judge if he throw the book at me make it the Bible Start callin myself the king for lack of a better title Loyal beyond belief to my detriment, it's so vital I change or blow opportunities like a choir recital Now while I'll not care who tell it Meanwhile sellin powder puts food in the bellies Well it's, unfortunate the orphanage couldn't keep up the mortgages Kid go to school stupid, they teachers ignorin it Sorta just doomed, forced into bein a goon Sell the kush in a jar, mix a {?} and a balloon Consumed with the same way of life I left Everything I know now learned by myself All you see is the wealth, the Maseratis, Ferraris So they don't sympathize, don't nobody feel sorry No mercy [T.I.] Everybody's standin and waitin, chantin and hatin Gospel say they should forgive me, they'd rather hand me to Satan Blatant displays the day of hypocrisy, boy you got to be kiddin, could it be possibly second comin of 'Pac is me? Remember that? When he was here? And when he died you realize you need him here God with me partner, ain't no one for me to fear Hindsight, 20/20, future not as clear But I'm a rider 'til I die, put bullets 'tween my eye I j-ust ask I can make my peace with God and say goodbye Fuck up the world like Lady Di on the day he died His wife, his sons and daughters know that every day he tried to be a better person, all they want is better verses they can market to the merchants, but when the closed curtains Ay, you could be for certain ain't nobody perfect But when you're rich nobody give a shit, no mercy [The-Dream] You gotta let me go! {*echoes*} Gotta let me go! {*echoes*} Let me go! {*echoes*} Let me go! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: No Mercy Song: Big Picture Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - T.I.] Hey, it dawned on me and I see the big picture I know On everything I love, I'm the shit and I know To do it big, I gotta keep 'em out my business I know Because these niggaz like to gossip like the bitches I know (I finally get it now), I see the big picture I know On everything I love, I'm the shit and I know I run this city, wish they was in my position I know These niggaz softer than the pussies than the bitches I know (I know, I know) [Verse 1 - T.I.] Aye, what it is big dog? I know I'm the shit 'cause I bounce back, totally recover from a pit fall Don't make you a fighter just because you got your fist balled It's get right and get paid or good night and get lost Bitches talk big shit, even when my dick soft Everyday my birthday, they just wanna get they licks off Rocket ship lift off, come sit on my launch pad G5, mile high, group sex, jet lag Bullion, checks, cash, millions, just stashed Even if you hate me, surely you respect that Yeah, you're now rockin with the best dad Chicks see me and be like "look at T.I. with his sexy ass" Wishin they could take a ride on my mustache Or maybe see the inside of my plush pad But I must pass, I know what you on homie Up late one night, early morning and [Verse 2 - T.I.] Aye, all my motherfuckin life, I'm so motherfuckin tight They say "he think he the shit", I say "you motherfuckin right" Teach a motherfuckin dyke to learn to love suckin pipe Buses, cars, trucks and bikes in my yard, up the price of my performance, now I'm goin for a half a mil' a night Quarter million just to party, if you gossip, get it right Niggaz shiest but I know somethin if I put in a nigga life It's gonna begin a nigga trip to God and end a nigga life Man I keep it one hundred, a thousand to be precise If you 'round me frontin, go find a mountain and take a hike Yeah I know you set your sights on me, tryin to get stripes homie Look smaller but feel bigger in real life, don't he? I'm all that and more, ain't nothin about the hype phony I'm sharin life moments, can't nobody write for me You a one trick pony, I'm quadruple threat homie Up late four in the morning and [Verse 3 - T.I.] I'm clearly somethin special, officially I'm the best who Did it in my city and even in the U.S, you Must agree, they can't fuck with me, I'm a beast unless you Hatin, you ain't gotta be sneezin for me to "bless you" If the records don't hit you, I bet the movie'll get you If cool don't seem to catch your attention, I'm a impress you With swagger long term, Hollywood bitches to tag along Groupies just imagine on, they know what I'm braggin on I got a message you can pass along, tell a friend We gettin long paper Jay, we made it back from Hell again Been knockin on Heaven's door, residin there forever more Promoters, this worth every cent, you couldn't buy a better tour And you are forced to admire the Messiah Expressin your desire, you're just preachin to the choir The nation has inquired to hear your Majesty, Sire I'm flyin high up one mornin and The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Trey Songz, Young Dro Album: No Mercy Song: Strip Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro/Break - Trey Songz] Uh huh Come here [Chorus - Trey Songz] After the club strip, when I get you home strip We on that grown shit, baby hop up on this You ain't never met another guy like me And when the valet pull up, shorty ride with me I'm a take ya clothes all off (strip), take ya clothes all off (strip) Clothes off (strip), clothes off (strip), clothes all off (strip) I take my clothes all off (strip), take my clothes all off (strip) Take my clothes (strip), clothes (strip), clothes all off (strip, woo-ooh) [Verse 1 - T.I.] Hey, we could buy the whole bar but when the club close off We immediately rode off, to the old loft You know what I told y'all, we pull up, your clothes off Twist it, fill the whole house, they trippin, drop them hoes off Okay, no panties, no bra, no shoes, no socks See how cute your toes are, they goin good so far They trippin, strippin, goin in, drinkin, smokin, rollin Twist it, wet it, oh shit, spray, Trey say, put your nose in First round, goin down, pop another, go again Panic to the floor again, fuck her 'til she sore again Pimpin in motion, all sex and no emotion I don't love any one of you, I fuck whoever's closest We be on that grown shit, that gangster Al Capone shit You know what you gon' get, strong back, long dick You say "no, that's the wrong shit", that won't get you home with Us, you hear this song bitch? No, if us you goin with [Verse 2 - Young Dro] Hey, hey yo, hey check this Hey shorty, pockets fat, Roger that, Versace coat, Versace hat Prada bag, shorty bad, ATL, model that Dro, soon as she proceed to strip, I get on top of that Doggystyle splash, arch your back up girl, holla back We off up in the club, ain't too much that we can do in here But pop a couple bottles and see who I wanna screw in here Orion Bentley coupé tonight, I can't fit nothin but two in here Your girl was on that Red Bull, I think that bra flew in here Bubblegum game, tell that chick I want some chew in here If all these broads strip tonight, I might just find my boo in here I'm a leave from the club, show up at the house Pink Rose', shorty want it in her mouth I'm a show her what I'm about, when I push shorty's head down south Tell her "go' head, blow a nigga out" I'm showin out, watchin my behavior, I got flavor The sex I have, I'm always, wakin up my neighbors And everytime I see them hoes, I shock 'em like a Taser And when I leave the club, only dick is what I gave her (Dro ...) [Break] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: No Mercy Song: Salute Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah (yeah) [Chorus - T.I.] Aye, when you see me salute Me like a general, I'm leadin the troops I make this G shit look so easy to do Aye, when you see me salute (yeah) Commander-in-chief, you can see I'm the truth (yeah) It don't matter whether the streets or the booth When you see me salute Aye, when you see me salute When you see me salute (yeah) Yeah (yeah), you ain't gotta speak homie, when you see me salute [Verse 1 - T.I.] Raise, your right hand to your hairline Stand at attention, hold it there 'til you recognize (yeah) Once I return the salutation (yeah) Then it's at ease, as you were, no conversation Well, unless you're sayin "what it do, G?" Decorated five-star general, a true G (yeah) Haha, made it fresh up off the battlefield (yeah) Rep it for my niggaz in the battle still Yeah, with more stripes than a jail suit Been in the lead, trail who? When I fell through (yeah) Bitches stand in they jails, takin pictures with they cells (yeah) Hey, let me tell you somethin about a player Put me anywhere in any jail and I shall prevail If another man survived, I shall as well Now (yeah), fuck rap, got swag for sale You crossed my path (yeah), in the air of Brazil [Verse 2 - T.I.] I'm abstain from the nonsense Remain conscious, that idiots make idiotic comments (yeah) A convict with a conscious You lack morals (yeah), I can see your principles are not what my mines is So I guess what makes me special just a give and a curse Like shit that get you rich at first, will put your dick in the dirt That's why (yeah), I ain't gotta be the greatest of all time (yeah) Long as I kept it real in all my rhymes, I'm fine I ain't lyin, give me mine and I'm satisfied I'm just happy I got to make it before my daddy died (yeah) And all things considered (yeah) Everytime destiny called, King delivered None iller, a young heart with an old soul Some hot hoes and a cold flow (yeah) And as far as keepin it real go, homie when you meet me (yeah) Don't forget the proper way to greet me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Pharrell Album: No Mercy Song: Amazing Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pharrell] + (T.I.) Mm, mm, what? Skateboard P'll make your face fall off (Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (okay) Niggaz come through and make your face fall off What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off Baby boy it's amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Amazin, so amazin, amaz-amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Skateboard P make your face fall off (I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (uh-huh) Niggaz come through and make your face fall off Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off? Baby boy it's amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby [T.I.] It's automatic got a baller habit, smokin aces what you facin when you hatin, ain't no rehabilitation for that monkey on my back, hundred thousand dollar stack Ya ain't heard, used to serve Firebird like a Pontiac Rewind me back, ay you know where they used to find me at? In the back, sacks full of somethin for insomniacs Dope boy, trap nigga in my past life Now I just serve rap nigga plenty act right You know where we at, right here, like yeah In the club on the furniture, fuck do I care Tell the club owner here, Rosé, Remy bottle please Got a carload of bravado, ain't nobody hot as me I don't bend, I don't break, I go in, I don't play Tell your friend that the game can begin if she stay I pass out cake like your birthday bitch If you kiss both of those, lick that, take this [T.I.] Ay, a dope boy with the swag of a pimp nigga Except one thing, I'm paid more than them nigga You see a bitch can't afford this life Have to fuck a ballplayer and a mayor every night Maybe twice, late at night we, be in white tees Me and Skateboard P, no Nike's Just a pair of Margiela, get a broad tell her rain dance for this paper, better get her umbrella Yeah, had guns like an arms dealer Dream team lawyers, he ain't never been a dumb nigga Nigga, this your girl, better come get her Turn her to a dick monster, nut muncher Sperm rag, cum dumpster, left amongst her Bitches in the past, pretty titties, plenty ass They just drink up what we give 'em, take shots without any glass Fuck her in the face 'til it fall off or 'til she gag, gag, gag [Pharrell] And it don't stop A lot of niggaz out there think that they could do what we do Be my guest, go and front for the people But just like a storefront they gon' see through That you sweet like bubblegum and they gon' eat you How you blowin up? Nigga they chewin you And when you hit rock bottom they shoo'in you Like "Ooh, you eww, get away!" Naw you, yeah right, okay Don't listen to these guys, these niggaz full of lies Cut 'em open and they cover up the floor, you surprised? Every time they talk about what they gon' get They been lookin at my blog (BBC) knife and forkin my shit While I'm tryin to get the new G-5 with the kit with the bed in the back, cause my son hate to sit And all that dark blue shit, y'all niggaz been had My diamond's rainbow like they registered for GLAAD Every aspect, whether plane, boat or pad Tote a brightness like your chain 'pose to have Got it from the ring so you know that they straight Plus the Audemar twins, I guess my wrist couldn't wait to tell ya (BBCicecream.com) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: No Mercy Song: Everything On Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - T.I.] - w/ ad libs Hey shorty, tip that ass up for me, while you back up to me Make it stand up for me, let's go, yeah Shorty lift that ass up, drop it, got it standin rock solid Want this money in my pocket? Here you go I make 'em put that ass up for me, while they back up to me Make it stand up for me, let's go, yeah Shorty why don't you lift that ass up, drop it, got it standin rock solid Want this money in my pocket? Here you go Everything on me, if I can put it on you Everything on me, if I can put it on you Everything on me, if I can put it on you Everything on me, let me put it on you, on you [Verse 1 - T.I.] I'm in the club late night, get my freak on Rémy XO, leave that Hennessy alone And two or three shown, turnin me on Ain't got nothin but some high heels and they weave on If you ain't freakin over here, you don't belong Do it if it feel good, no matter if it seem wrong She say I got a ding dong like King Kong We can go and kick it, wait a minute, that's my theme some Hold on, I want yo' body Wanna pull it out and put it all on your body You and me, we can leave, have a late night party You do it for me like I like, I just might buy a Maserati [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - T.I.] You got your Dominican, Asian, Brazilian Big booty white girls, who like girls, want me to hit again Black and Puerto Rican, you freakin for the weekend Say "yes, right now, we leavin", you say "no, well why we freakin?" Now with all do respect, I don't front, I don't plex Take your girlfriend with ya, I just wanna have sex You so fine, I'm impressed, ghetto booty, perky breasts Grindin on me in my lap, I'm about as hard as I can get Now she smilin, lookin back, yeah I know you feel that In that p-pus' so fast and wet, just let me put it to the test Song's over, tried to play her, she say "I ain't finished yet" I said "well you gon' need a towel, 'cause you fittin to make a mess" Hey that my song, hold on, I want yo' body Wanna pull it out and put it all on your body You and me, we can leave, have a late night party You do it for me like I like, I just might buy a Maserati [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - T.I.] Hey, if you freakin for the weekend, let me know Hit me when the club close, bust it open, we can go Here we go, if you down to get it poppin, get at me If you wanna be with her, then you both can be with me, it's a G If you 'bout, I'm a put it on you You ain't gotta be a groupie to be part of the group Is it true? If you 'bout it, I'm a put it on you You ain't gotta be a groupie to be part of the group [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Drake Album: No Mercy Song: Poppin Bottles Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Aye [Chorus - T.I.] My section in the club (club), Rémy, Rosé ('sé) On your mark ready, set, go, okay (okay!) Everytime I pop that bottle, make that thing go - pop Everybody pop a bottle, make that thing go - pop See him standin on the furniture, doin his thing Tell the club owner, fuck yo’ couch, Rick James (bitch nigga) Everytime I pop a bottle, make that thing go - pop Let her drink it 'til she drown, now the girl gone wild Pop a bottle - pop, pop, pop (Just pop that bottle) - pop, pop, pop, pop (Hey pop that bottle, that bottle) - pop, pop, p-pop, pop, pop (Hey, hey, that bottle go) - pop, p-pop, pop (Everybody make that bottle go) - pop [Verse 1 - T.I.] Bring me 1738, champagne of all sorts Ya gettin money, make it rain, buy a bottle, pop a cork (Oop, oop), dork, if I may retort I ball just as hard tomorrow as the day before I pop bottles but I don't pour, save a glass for you guys We ballin on a budget, fuck it, let your glasses rise I’m straight to the head with mine, why you actin surprised? Ask any ho who know me, all I do is smash and ride Buckets of bubbly, shake it up and let it splash in her eyes Ain't no subtraction, only cash to divide We gettin money, bank roll, super-sized, whether rain, sleet, sunny Let the good times roll and the bottles keep comin [Verse 2 - Drake] Yeah, okay, bring that shit to poppa I heard you talk 'bout other niggaz, them niggaz no matter The tag team back bitch, boom shakalaka Me and Weezy run this shit, so bring me one soda and vodka And a Fiji for my nigga, 'cause the police probably watchin Man, probation is a bitch but goin back is not an option We be sunnin/sonnin all these niggaz, put they ass up for adoption Man, we start with straight shots, then get to bottle poppin We be workin all night, telethon shit Roll a super skinny one, Chanel Iman shit Ooh, that’s that fire, that’s that have you calm shit You with a lot of dudes, that’s that Elton John shit, ahh To each his own, I like a freak that's grown I like a bad bitch, from a decent home Me and T.I.P., this that pimpin that we preachin on And everybody tryin to listen nigga, speakerphone [Verse 3 - T.I.] I know them suckers wish the judge would of threw the book at me 'Cause I show up to the club, super cool, look at me Everything brand new, you get money like who? Spent 150 on my car and my Audemars too When I walk up in the spot, ain't nobody saw you They see me like “there he go”, look at you like ”ahh, who?” Bought every bottle at the bar, shorty you know how I do I take 'em all across your noggin, I ain't fittin to argue Still +Big Shit Poppin'+, nothin changed but my clothes Triple digits in my pocket, rubber band bank roll Tell the bitch, I take ya places where your man can’t go Can’t be, he ain't doin shit, if he ain't me, can't you see The difference between us when I walk in to the door? With twenty thousand worth of ones, start lettin that money go Let it fly, throw some twenties when my ones runnin low Fifty stack, I’m a show ya how to ball, triple that (bap, bap, bap) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Rico Love Album: No Mercy Song: Lay Me Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Rico Love] She love me up and lay me down {*3X*} She get me up, I love it when she lay me down "Do it baby, stick it baby" - down {*2X*} "Do it baby, stick it, I stick it baby girl" - down "Do it baby, stick it baby" - down {*2X*} "Do it baby, stick it, I stick it baby girl" - down [T.I.] I said, get right, girl you know what I got Got 'em fixin up they make-up when I walk up in the spot Got they, eye shadow and they lips on shine With a smile on her face when her lips on mine See I'm, a big freak, feed her big pita (pita) Beat that pussy up so good she don't want me to eat her First I meet her then I feed her (feed her) whatever she need A few of these, turn a nigga wifey to a cheater Keep her, head down and her ass up here Got her hair fucked up, and her lipstick smeared Take a city bitch here or a bitch from the boonies With her man at the crib but he don't know what he doin Hold up - truthfully she knew she'd do me but she knew me Introduce me and she blew me then she didn't say nothin to me You don't like it then sue me, she my biggest fan now When I spend a day in town and she hurry up and lay me DOWN, down [Chorus: Rico Love] + (T.I.) She love me up and lay me down (ay what she do?) She love me up and lay me down (ay what she do?) She love me up and lay me down (yeah, yeah, yeah) She get me up, I love it when she lay me down "Do it baby, stick it baby" - down {*2X*} "Do it baby, stick it, I stick it baby girl" - down "Do it baby, stick it baby" - down {*2X*} "Do it baby, stick it, I stick it baby girl" - down (ay, ay, ay shorty) [T.I.] On the hush hush, keep it low key Attitude in check cause you wit a O.G. Got that thang on lock, wanna see the do' key? Got dope dick, give it to her 'til she O-D I'ma, put it in her life, give her what she missin She yo' wife well she off limits, well that is unless you slippin And I catch her on a mission in my hotel lobby Tryin to run into somebody, end up at the afterparty With a, stripper body, itty bitty waist Big ol' booty beggin me to decorate her pretty face Hey (okay) what can I say? She request and I deliver Broad lookin for that rod, shorty I'm that nigga Ain't playin wit'cha, full of Rémy, high or sober You catch me in yo' city, look me up I'll bend you over Know the, women want me and niggaz think it's the money But she should be payin me though, it's the dick she gettin from me From me, all in yo' tummy when she [Outro] Pop that thing girl Pop, pop, pop that thing girl I stick it baby girl (go 'head and) Pop that thing girl Pop, pop, pop that thing girl (hold up) Turn the lights on... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Christina Aguilera Album: No Mercy Song: Castle Walls Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Christina Aguilera] Everyone thinks that I have it all But it's so empty livin behind these castle walls These castle walls If I should tumble, if I should fall Would anyone hear me screamin behind these castle walls? There's no one here at all Behind these castle walls {*11 second instrumental*} [T.I.] Observin the estate through the gate from the outside lookin in Bet you would think I got it made, better look again I got a butler, got a maid, and a mansion The belief is that I'm livin out a millionaire's fantasy with Phantoms and Ferraris in the driveway But you see it came in exchange of a sane man's sanity Your vision jaded by the Grammy's on the mantelpiece Just switch your camera lenses, you will see the agony Apparently it's damagin the man you see before you On the canvas it may seem aight but all the disadvantages his family encounters overshadows his extravagance Walk in my nines a while, I dare you it'll scare you While it surely seem like the king's life seem glamorous As seen through the eyes of untrained amateurs Because the camera doesn't see beyond the walls of the smiles on the castle 'til it falls in the piles [T.I.] Honestly to me I think I'd lose every benefit of all that I've accomplished if my kids never went at shit Me knowin this why should the verses I've laid be more important to me than the persons I've raised? I guess I'm sayin that to save the opportunities The day just don't equate to all the time it take away From the kids all the shit I did right is a mistake if Deyjah end up a stripper and Major out slingin yay How could I ever consider myself a great if Messiah ain't paid and 'Nique-'Nique ain't straight? Would your favorite song 'bout the whips, money and shit be relevant if you found out Domani wasn't rich? Nope, so me bein the GOAT shouldn't mean more to me than see it to a King though From a bad-ass kid to a man with some dough Otherwise I may of well have stayed po' So while they stay focused on me beefin with Flip and Shawty Lo With Gucci or Ludacris, or if I'm fuckin with a hoe Did I snitch when I got arrested or will I die over nonsense? Internally I'm dealin with this conflict So excuse me if I don't get the chance to kiss the hand Or slap me in the face, ay I'm just a man If they sayin I ain't the best at makin hit records It's cause this my life, these ain't just rappin Bet you ain't think it all live was that deep, did ya dawg? See you can't see the castle fall of walls 'til it falls Bet you ain't think it was that deep, did ya dawg? Cause see you can't see the castle fall of walls 'til it falls [Christina Aguilera] Nobody knows I'm all alone Livin in this castle made of stone They say that money is freedom But I feel trapped inside it all And while I sit so high up on a throne I wonder how I can feel this low On top of the world is beautiful But there's no place to fall [T.I.] For the record ay, I give a damn if I never said shit again My career was meant for me to come and tell it Honest interpretation of how affected I'm faced with Matters most rappers choose to keep locked away in a basement If the day that I walk away they ain't sayin that I'm amazin Downplayin the way I kept fellas from catchin cases Won't take in consideration how much it mean when I'm sayin And when I say what I mean even when surrounded by the fakers From one of the greatest centers blessed with most of God's graces who made his way amongst the greatest from the grimiest places So next time you ratin royalty I'm always bein given to recordings than the level of your loyalty You obviously been ignorin me Who else you've seen make it through the storm unharmed this charmly? While all the critics was lookin for Prince Charming Disregard that the King of the South has raised doubt Even though he made a castle out what used to be a house Did shit that all your favorite rappers only rapped about But most of y'all don't see the castle full of walls and the smiles 'til it falls in the piles, so while The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Killer Mike, Mac Boney Album: No Mercy (Deluxe Edition) Song: That's What I Thought Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Nigga that's what I thought, I thought Ay, ay, ay, ay Yeah pussy nigga that's what I thought, I thought [Chorus: T.I.] Better go on with that bullshit, we know you ain't doin shit Walkin round, talkin loud, still ain't got into it yet We be on that hood shit, you know how we do it bitch Nigga walk up to a bitch, nigga tell 'em you a bitch And you flaw (you flaw) and you soft (you soft) Yeah pussy nigga that's what I thought Ay, ay you flaw (you flaw) and you soft (you soft) Yeah pussy nigga that's what I thought [T.I.] Ay, I was the nigga with the tool out, right in front the schoolhouse Then the bigger nigga fail assassin, what it do now? Catch him let him have it, nigga best be glad I cooled out A fool wit it, hit a nigga hood, make him move out Yeah, nigga know it ain't no hoe enough Try Thursday night and Friday shit you go to blowin up Better catch a clip on that block{?} Chevy go to showin up Sho' 'nuff we at your do' and on ya ass soon as it open up Nigga twice as old as us, knew we was 'bout that action too Up and down the avenue, walkin wit a attitude Try whoever ready for whatever, it don't matter dude Best be on your P's and Q's cause never know what Cap'll do He kept a nigga on the news, he a fool wit it Nowadays it's different, I don't understand how dude get Computer doin it, makin threats over the internet Talkin 'bout what you gon' do and you ain't did it yet! [Mac Boney] Yeah that's what I thought, and that's what I was thinkin You know Boney be on point, especially when I'm drinkin I play a hater smooth to the left side, pimpin off of Westside And I don't take light to all the square types, I'm 'bout mine Stomp a nigga ass like I'm tryin to mix some red wine Be all on yo' ass like a canine, rewind I start to bring the fists out, then I brought the pistols out Runnin through the spot, you done brought the brown niggaz out Finger itchin now, should you get the bigger picture now I want him out, a hater to get raw I will air him out Think about, every single thing that you care about Stare down the barrel of my bad news carrier The more the merrier, a group of suckers watch me tear 'em up The boss said hurry up, while I go crank the McClaren up You haters scared of us, cause we known to make a cherry bust You not prepared for us, we done came into yo' area [Killer Mike] Gilla Killer from the villa, Westside go-rilla Go realer than these country-ass monkey-ass niggaz These funky-ass niggaz, asswipe how I treat 'em Fuck nigga how I greet 'em, first I beat 'em 'til they feed 'em Might shoot 'em, might leak 'em, funerals I might preach 'em right befo' I six feet 'em - you already know the story bruh Call the coroner, this sucker dead meat I ain't never scared pussy nigga, I just dead beef Eat it like Angus, sticky Cali bud, knock a plug out your anus If I aim higher leave yo' monkey-ass brainless Front page constitution, damn I make a fuck nigga famous Fuck nigga famous! Now the call the governor, the mayor and the chief of the police Tell 'em homicide is high ridin, I'm back on they street Then, call the traffic gangstas and the suckers talkin lip Tell 'em bang bang bang if a nigga speak on Tip The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: No Mercy (Deluxe Edition) Song: Like So Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: T.I.] Ay suckas hate to see me get it like so, so Bitches say they dig the way I kick it like so, so Filthy rich and still I keep it pimpin like so Still the realest nigga in it with a image like so, so Shawty there might pull up in her ride like so, so With a bad bitch with him inside like so, like so Super fly like so, niggaz lyin like "SO?" Still spit it how I live it, wanna hear it? Here I go, go [T.I.] Hey all I do is go and go by this and that to so-and-so Lil' PeeWee say "They hate to see ya ballin bro," you know I know So what though? They can't stop it, they just watch it as this dough I blow With millions in my pocket, shut it down in every sto' I go Atlanta on my shoulders, oh I told it like a soldier though Suckas I expose or minimize in exposure so They tryin to make me kill 'em, I'm controllin my emotions though Why you niggaz lookin so surprised? Ain't I supposed to blow? From trappin to the club scene, rappin to the big screen Fashion, television, listen shawty doin big things Get team money, fuck a bitch if she ain't cummin/comin So conceited ain't funny, if she ain't fly well she ain't for me Pretty face, fat booty with a magazine stomach Catch me somewhere where it's sunny, it ain't us if we ain't stuntin Say we runnin we ain't frontin, they be trippin, ain't nuttin If they kick it we be puntin, man I'm tryna teach ya somethin man [T.I.] Is there a message from the greatest? Yeah, go get yourself some paper playa Try to do as I do God but I am just a patron fare{?} It could be that my greasy yellow deuces make 'em hate me where they try me bruh, they get tore up just like Drake did his ACL Respect the foreign and domestic in the A as well Feel like 'Pac did when he said y'all act like y'all want me to stay in jail I'm raisin hell today cause yeah I heard about you suckas Use my absence as a crutch, so fuckin ass time to suffer Rappers keep on tryin to +ketchup+ but they just can't cut the mustard, huh? I'm well here, I'm stayin here, so fuck if they say such-and-such You keep the credit, what I need a trophy and a statue for? Millions stackin up and I don't give a fuck what awards show pass me up My movie agent Brian always ask me what I'm rappin for It's passion, I wouldn't trade it for all the diamonds out in Africa Sahara hot, everything you drop is comin after us My character is rare and for that reason they be starin, huh? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Shun Hendrix Album: No Mercy Song: Follow Your Dreams * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Chorus: Shun Hendrix] + (T.I.) Follow your dreams, don't give up (Don't ever listen when they tell ya you're gonna be a failure) Believe in yourself, that's enough (Remember anything's possible, believe is all you got to do) Forever follow your dreams, don't give up (Don't let 'em tell you what you cain't do just because they ain't you) Believe in yourself, that's enough (The sky the limit, want it all you gotta do is get it homie) [T.I.] A message to the youth, remember you can do anything you pursue, look at me, I'm livin proof It's a piece of me and you, it ain't a lot that's different 'bout us Nobody ever thought I'd live to see a million dollars Remeber I was hustlin just to fix up my Impala And now you oughta see the kind of rides I hop up out of Convertible Mercedes, look at haters like "Holla!" Reclinin terracotta, I don't owe you guys nada All they did is secondhand as I pass by I'm that fly, so they gon' hate and I don't ask why Hey never mind, keep your head to the sky dawg Remember nothin beats a failure but a try dawg Don't listen to 'em when they say it cain't happen Just let it go in this here, and right-eye doubt one J. keep mashin on 'em laughin, soon you'll be passin all they broke asses better than you imagined [T.I.] Ay, the same message on the second continue from verse one You let 'em trick you out of your dreams they work's done The only purpose for some is take yo' eyes off the prize and to keep you from succeedin, see they willin to die Let's say one day you cross paths, end up killin the guy Never make it, go to the pen, now you let him win Man, now here he is with a big-ass grin Laughin at you from the grave cause you ain't get paid Hey the same ones that call you a sucker today 'll laugh at you tomorrow when the feds take you away (ay listen) Once upon a time there was a guy named J. "And he would never make it managin T.I." they say He'da quit right then if they'da had they way Instead he quit his job, hustle hard night and day Dropped a album on his artist though nobody never heard of him Mighty sales but the mixtapes murdered 'em Got off the label, seen the haters on the inspire Him done turned Grand Hustle to an empire And POOF, out the hood he blew If not me, J. Geter, that could be you Remember The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: The Introduction Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of "Trouble Man" by Marvin Gaye] "I come apart baby, but now I'm fine  I'm checkin trouble sure, movin down the line  I come apart baby, but that's okay  Cause, Trouble Man, don't get in my way" [T.I.] I'm just a hood nigga, I ain't never had shit Just a bad attitude and a bad bitch Duffle bag full of tools and a half brick 30, 40, 50 grand in the mattress Livin on the edge just a habit dawg I'm fucked up in the head, I don't have it all Ball like a dog, push it to the limit 'Bout my business, tryin to keep from lettin pussy niggaz in it My priorities as followed, God first then the fam Then the hustle then the money, failure ain't in the plan Satan on my heel, he don't want me to advance I tell him to go hell, sucka catch me if you can Shit I am who I am, fresh up outta apologies Sometimes I ain't get in trouble, trouble got in me Guess it follows me, but I stays on my hustle man Still the motherfuckin man, you can call me {"Trouble Man"} [Chorus 2X: T.I.] Trouble Man always in trouble man Grand Hustle man, I'm the muh'fuckin man Trouble man stays in some trouble man Bank rolls, rubber band, you can call me {"Trouble Man"} [T.I.] Drugs and rock'n'roll, hoe you know how I roll Just left the crossroads, my soul, unsold Frigerated console, the curtains on my car do' Raw hoe, caviar, sushi and escargot Everywhere I go fresh to death and clean as a bar of soap Gettin blowed like trumpets in the wind in Chicago God knows I'm hot as El Diablo Wrist rockier than Colorado walk road Also my flows I'm takin back, although My art's so Leonardo da Vinci, Picasso The rain gon' come down on yo' head like tarp holes I guess these other rappers that's cool as far as soft goes Sorry Charlie, party's over shawty, shop closed King home, bank roll on King Kong Got these suckas in my scope with the beam on Prayin for my downfall? You can dream on Next year I'm back in the Maybach gettin my lean on Trouble ain't changed me; role model ain't me Don't be angry now if I'm on the same street and make a U-turn Haven't you learned? I'm {"Trouble Man"} [T.I.] Weight on my shoulders, chose to squat with it Real niggaz say I kick it the same way 'Pac did it Tell all them sucka niggaz what the biz is Upset cause they can't do they thang like he did here Shit, another year another bid done No chump change, big bank millions Yuh, my money old but I'm still young Them niggaz lookin for some drama I'ma give 'em some No more beef, a pimp'll say goodbye to red meat But cross a nigga path and you're dead meat Remain on my game time after time '97 college basehead, 99 dime '98 had polices on 285 flyin Skip where you meet K.P. and L.A. Reid, got signed Cut to the present and the rap game mine Some things never change, it remains I'm {"Trouble Man"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Meek Mill Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: G Season Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Okay, ay man I'm sucka free, sucka duckin Tell all them suckas get the fuck out my way man Ya understand? G SEASON~! [T.I.] Told you motherfuckers once, prison ain't change me All it did was made a nigga crazy, deranged, see? Psycho, nutso, what I give a fuck fo'? All I know now is to get out and go for the gusto So, fuck niggaz, fuck hoes He said, she said, nigga and what, so? Fuck what they say 'bout my cases, fuck what they say 'bout my lady Fuck what they say we were doin on that day in visitation All I care 'bout is my out date and this next year of probation How much dough I'm set to make and where I'm gon' go on vacation Wait (wait) damn (damn) okay that's way too far ahead of me So I'm just tryin to take it day-to-day if they would let a G breathe; cop cars by the threes Bitches call me Papa John cause I keep that extra cheese Overseas in the sun, livin for the fun in Milan with some bad bitches probably wanna yawn{?} When will it dawn on them I'm a don? Ridin foreign, curtains drawn, gettin blown by a blonde I'm the bomb, terrorist, hella rich, wreckin shit Nigga ask about me homie I suggest you tell 'em this [Chorus: T.I.] I'm sucka duckin, I'm sucka free You ain't a G, don't fuck with me Them sucka niggaz out of style, G season Them sucka niggaz out of style, G SEASON~! [Meek Mill] G season! Meek Milly! Oh, big plates on my Aston Martin, bitch I'm ballin (ballin) Killin all my haters, tell your momma pick ya coffin (yeah) Hundred rounds shorty, I just gotta pick a target Put my name on that flier, watch the party get retarded And I go crazy in that bitch, look like Baby in that bitch Got yo' lady on my dick cause I got like 80 on my wrist K.O.D., I make it rain, I know they hate me in that bitch So I be there, just throw that moolah like they paid me for that shit Hold up~! Started in the back, now I'm that nigga in the front Shorty want the real and I'ma give her what she want OG nigga, you can put it in the blunt Fuckin all the baddest bitches, I'ma hit 'em from the front Just to see the faces on 'em when the nigga lay it on 'em E'ry time she ride that dick I tell her go Jamaican on it Lord have mercy, these bitches thirsty I'm in the Merci', she kissin on me, Hershey's We in this bitch~! I'm sucka duckin (yeah) I'm sucka free (free) That's yo' main bitch? (Bitch) She fuckin me (me!) I don't fuck with niggaz (niggaz) I'm a fuckin G (G) It's Meek Milly, T.I., fuckin P! [T.I.] Hey, my best flow too cold to just bring it out But go to talkin crazy though you'll get yourself singled out Half a million bucks to pack a whole arena out Bein a sucka I don't know the first thing about You get the scene about for comin out your face Like a volcano hair, lava runnin out your face Hey, if ya ass out of place You'll find the weapons they took away, I'll replace What can I say? Another year another case Another sentence completed, I'm confident and conceited I'm sucka free, sucka duckin, so tell them suckas to beat it Don't fuck with me busta, trust me your future will be deleted Such a G, ain't no touchin me, luckily I defeated the odds Without my tool, Allah and glory to God And I ain't even Islamic, so sick whenever I vomit Just throw me a mil' or two and that oughta settle my stomach 'Bout some money he done it, call me Mr. He Run It These niggaz ain't really 'bout it, they just be speakin ebonics I'm nothin short of iconic, promise you ya don't want it Strong as gin and tonic, my left you won't see it comin My right you'll be runnin from it, I catch you with it you done I'ma keep it a hun'ned, you better get you a gun Haha, word bond, real talk Do my dirt all by my lonely cause them suckas will talk The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Trap Back Jumpin Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Yeah, yeeeeeahhhhh Ay, I say it's 'bout that time [Chorus: T.I.] Le'go It's time to get trap back jumpin, get shit back poppin hoe (poppin hoe) I'll show these sucka niggaz how it go (how it go) I'll show you how to move a lot of blow (uh-huh, uh-huh) Niggaz say they live but they lyin so (uh-huh, okay, le'go!) It's time to get trap back jumpin, get shit back poppin bitch (poppin bitch) Ay, hey who that say I'm not the shit? (Who not the shit?) Hey really who you know as hot as this? Seriously, I'll show you how to do this shit [T.I.] It's time to get them bricks out of that bag, put that scale back on that desk Sit that vision wear on that stove next to that baking soda and Pyrex Drop that water off in that pot, let it boil up and get high Then whip it good with your wrist like that; that's how you triple every brick you get Made paper off of that yayo, ask Jays about me, bet they know Your bitch'll fuck when I say so, plus got head-busters on my payroll This Bankhead homeboy we don't play, violate me and this'll be yo' day Catch a nigga comin out of D.O.A., hit him with the chopper leave him DOA You can play with them niggaz, not me okay? Them other niggaz suckas, I'm a G okay? T.I. K-I-N-G, okay? Just respect that shit and you'll be okay Let's get this straight once and for all, I run this shit, bar none of y'all Ain't nann one of y'all niggaz bigger than me; can't none of y'all take this city from me Take years off and I'm still tight, I half-ass and they still like it Kick trap shit when I feel like it, dope boys know what I live like Dinero off kilos, big bank rolls, don't see lows Off O-Z's make zeros, here we go - AY! [T.I.] It's time to put that work back in that stash spot, put that rent-a-car on that slab Hit that highway for 'bout five days then come back and get cash Got halves, quarters and whole thangs, Chevrolets and them gold thangs Got Rolexes, got Benzes, and it's all off of that cocaine It's cold game but it's cool though, work get gone and I move blow Won't sit on it, it's too low, you got 21, well here you go I got big whips so sick y'all, and big suites, about six broads Your shit hot, oh yeah bruh? That shit drop won't sell much Platinum all on my wall dawg, crib big it's like a mall dawg I'm doin numbers like call logs, lil' small money I call y'all My house worth yo' whole life, yo' condo's my old ice You niggaz barely in first class, I charter G4 flights Can't tell me shit homie, down here I'm good as it get homie Ain't nobody got shit on me, I'm a lil' nigga but I'm big homie I'm big homie, do big shit, no World Cup, I kick shit Ride foreign but don't forget that I'm back trappin, got more bricks [T.I.] It's time to get them pre-paids and them Metros back activated, talk in code Over here we got big blow, next do' pounds of that petro We get dough off anything, got Activase if you sippin lean Prescription pills and Molly; even got her-on if you 'bout it Shawty my shop open up all night, got blocks stacked up all white Don't like me? That's alright, come fight me, nigga yeah right A nigga get wrong and gettin dead right, it's yo' ass hoe, get embarrassed hoe All about my cash flow, yo' new bitch with my last hoe I got six sluts in my Maybach, six-pack under my tanktop I got a snub nose that got six shots, nigga try me, I think not My temper bad, I might blank out, bust a nigga before I can even think 'bout what I got to lose if he bust a move; well I got to do what I got to do! Trap rollin (rollin) bumpin (bumpin) always sellin some'in (some'in) You got it if you want it and whatever for the money On my grind, they in line for this product from a dime up They know where to find us, do you know what it's time for? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ A$AP Rocky Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Wildside Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: T.I. singing] Smokin weed, ridin chrome Only thing I've ever known is walk on the wildside Welcome to our lives Slangin ki's, sprayin K's Every day we gettin paid to walk on the wildside Welcome to our lives [T.I.] Come take a lil' walk with me through my neighborhood and come spend a day in my trap Get yo' paper right and that yay some good but just keep a tool in yo' lap My lil' partner holdin that work, nigga want weight but keep around back Best not violate on my turf, nigga you's in danger, die like that Ain't no investigation, no statements and no witnesses, we ain't seen shit Pull up after dark with that jewelry on to come see a bitch, that's what he get We on dark roads with no street lights, that pistol play after fistfights And them geek monsters walk all night with they crack pipes tryin to get right Midnight and we shoot dice, the whole house smellin like cooked crack You beat me and you talk shit, you get shot bitch and I took that Hoodrats on deck, that loud is all I blow This shit to you might sound wild, but this life is all I know [T.I.] Ay, can you picture me back in '93 bumpin Dr. Dre while I hit some weed? Cut school, make ten G, 13 tryin to get ki's At 15 I was full-grown, get wrong, get bust on My uncle gave me a bunch of work and that shit was gone by the next morning Young wild nigga runnin with me, homicide wasn't nothin to us Dead body wasn't nothin to see, that pistol play was just fun to us I was 19 with two felonies, one of my best friends had a life sentence How my Uncle Fred was just like me and had a bunch of partners no longer livin All about that cocaine dealin, no education, no pot to piss in Old school on chrome wheels, window tinted, pistol hidden That shit that I come from, in my heart fear ain't none Stand tall, I can't run from that wildside that I walk on [A$AP Rocky] Uhh, yeah All I ever did was put on, all my old friends tryin to get on Shorty fell out makin diss songs, never talk down when I get home Ain't the type of nigga you can shit on, hundred spokes, brick, chrome God-body, big bone, that's hard-body, Jim Jones Niggaz know the sound how we switch on 'em, finna wild out on a Tip song Better make a toast, nigga Tip home, first get the bread then you get gone From the land of the lead where they spit chrome where most kids never get to live long Yet they pissed off, get pissed on, pistol-whipped and stripped homie Left for a minute and they switched on me, caught 'em talkin down turnin bitch on me And they snitch on me, ain't got shit on me, so my guess is death is what they wish on me So I'm blowin on them candles, closed lids and dark eyes Cause hate's never part-time when you on that wildside The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Lil Wayne Album: Trouble Man Song: Ball Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T.I.] Okay we walk off in this bitch, ballin in this bitch Hoppin out of Lambos and Ferraris in this bitch Poppin bottles with a thick red supermodel bitch They may talk a lot of that, but they cant do al ot of this Ayyy, Rico told me turn the lights on So I grab the Audemar and threw the ice on I'm, big dawg, got 'em pissed off A lot of niggaz rappin, ain't none this raw They like "Ay look at T.I., ballin in the V.I. Bunch of bad bitches with a looking like Aaliyah" We just pull up, hop out, go in and show out Buy the whole bar, pop bottles go hard This club so packed, these hoes so drunk {*3X*} I got a bottle, got a model, got a molly, got a blunt Ball {*12X*} I got a bottle, got a model, got a molly, got a blunt [T.I.] The club full of bad bitches and they came to play Okay it must be your hair cause it ain't your face Now if you looking for them bottles and them stacks girl You make your way up to my section where it's at girl Okay now do you wanna kick it with a nigga with a meal ticket Broke nigga lookin mad, they just gotta deal with it Get right hoe, roll the dice hoe And you ain't gotta be a dyke cause you like hoe But e'ryday I step behind a wall I do it big, ride fly, stunt, shine and ball I got, a bunch of money, so come and get it from me And a bucket full of bottles, bust it open if you wanna get drunk [Lil Wayne] Yeah Tip! ... Ain't no nigga like a Young Money nigga Pop that pussy like a gun, pull the trigger Shake that ass like a salt shaker I keep a L lit up like an elevator Bitch shake it like a dog, hop like a frog, ride it like a horse I throw that dick like darts Drink all muddy, flag all bloody I'm killin these hoes like that nigga Ted Bundy I'm a good lookin rapper, I ain't tryin to stunt I'ma +fire+ my blunt like Donald Trump Where you at hoe? Where you at hoe? Can a nigga stick key up in your back do'? Tunechi [Chorus] - 1/2 [T.I.] And do your thing in +Slow Motion+ like Soulja Slim And come around +Wipe Me Down+ like Boosie dem And back that thang up for me, to show me that you love me If it's really too much for you, you can bring a couple buddies Everyday I do my thang, big stones and chains She let me drill all in her mouth, no novacane Them other broke niggaz, all they did was told ya thangs I could get you on that G4 and show you thangs I like my women fat ass, pretty toes and thing Long hair don't care as long as none down there If it's manicured I can have fun down there Take you to whatever club, throw some money in the air The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ André 3000 Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Sorry Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] My cup runneth over in Pinot Grigio, hold up You bogus in that Lambo if ye ain't liftin the do' up You bogus poppin pills if ye ain't pickin the hoe up You bogus runnin out on your kids, my nigga grow up For God's sake, like a wedding cuttin large cake For large stakes let the hammer bang broad day Ay, never mind what the blogs say This what my mind and my heart say My philosophy profit off of my properties Get it, flip it, we got to be rich, that broke shit is obsolete Possibly off of my rocker, watch how you watchin me Sophisticated, psychotic; fly as a pilot Officially solid, all you wish you could get I got it Unlimited titanium nigga, "What's in yo' wallet?" Out of gladiator college I made it summa cum laude Where you clowns couldn't have got a cap and gown if you bought it I parlay with Saudis, buyin crude oil and diamonds Hustle January, July, fly to Dubai A broke nigga tellin me 'bout how I'm dividin the pies Like a blind nigga tellin me it's an eye for an eye Bull-headed and stubborn, I'll be that way 'til I die But find a nigga with more hustle than me I dare you to try And accordin to the hand on my Audemar It's my time to shine, so fuck y'all What should I be sorry for? Who should I be sorry to? What should I be sorry for? Who should I be sorry to? Ooh The fact is you can't please everybody You can't please everybody What should I be sorry for? Who should I be sorry to? [T.I.] I grew up in the gutter, life a muh'fucker I guess that's why I don't trust a muh'fucker Seen a nigga snitch on they mom, shoot at they brother Go to prison in love with a bitch and a nigga fuck her I seen real G's destroyed by real suckers Innocent ladies raped and defenseless, babies abducted Such a horrible truth but you see it over and over It's nothing, get numb to it and your heart grow colder Pacify your pain with a chain and a Rover Fuck it, justify your actions with stackin your dough up He show up with a brick of cocaine and baking soda Just enough for me to blow up, nigga hold up Switch the flow up cause these niggaz be snitchin so much I promise all they missin's a badge, coffee and donut Go to jail, so what? Never see my integrity perish That ain't the Harris' way, study my pedigree Promise I'm one of the only ones who keep it a hun'ned Probably why I think they all out to get me, you can't convince me Large money and fame will plant seeds of envy To make my partners resent me enough to come and get me Catch me slippin and hit me just like they did 50 Cause I'm in the position that he think he should be given Listen, dawg, the fact of the matter is I'm on a narrow path and we all can't trap [André 3000] What it ain't, what it is? Even if you gotta live I learned that apartment's way more excitin than a big-ass house on the hill I used to be a way better writer and a rapper when I used to want a black Karmann Ghia Now a nigga speedin in a Porsche; feelin like I'm goin off a course Cut these fuck niggaz off negative in my life, scream that 'til I'm hoarse Duck these get-the-fuck-off-me projectiles, bitch you ain't really got a choice I'm livin my life, live yours, I don't even like rappin fast But that's how the world come to me, talk to me sideways nigga that's yo' ass Slow it down - this that shit that'll make you call your momma Say "Hey I'm sorry for beggin for all them clothes you couldn't afford" And this the type of shit that'll make you call your rap partner and say "I'm sorry I'm awkward, my fault for fuckin up the tours" I hated all the attention so I ran from it (I ran from it!) Fuck it if we did, but I hope we ain't lose no fans from it (no fans from it!) I'm a grown-ass kid, you know I ain't never cared 'bout no damn money Why do we try so hard to be stars, just to dodge comets? And this that shit that'll make you call your baby mama When you gone on half a pill, don't know why but that's how it is Then you take a flight back to the crib, y'all make love like college kids And you say all the shit you gon' do better, we can try this shit again 'Round the time the dope wear off, you feel stupid, she feel lost That's that dope I mean, I mean Dopamine, you think Cupid done wore off Waitin in the hallway with her arms crossed, your baby boy face full of applesauce Maybe should've stayed but it ain't yo' fault, too much pressure I peel off I'm sorry, 'twas young and had to choose between you and what the rest of the world might offer me, shit what would you do? Well I'd probably, do it differently if second the chance Only if some cool-ass older man would've let me know in advance This-this quarry, that is dug so deep, in a father's chest When he feel that he's broken up his nest and he figured shit he was just doin the best that he could, which end up bein the worst that he could And all some pussy nigga on the internet can say is that verse ain't good It's boring? Boring? ... Really? Hahaha Well I'm disgusted with this world and, I can hardly breathe and, told so many lies don't, know what to believe I discussed it with this girl and, this is what she said She said, "Lay down baby, baby rest your weary head" I love these distractions but my mind don't wanna rest But my body disagrees so I laid upon her breasts, yes Ooooh you're, so fuckin fine I, woke up the next mornin with new purpose on my miiiiiiind Ooooooh, who pulls your ponytaillllll? Who knows your body welllllll? Huh? [Outro] What should I be sorry for? Who should I be sorry to? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ R. Kelly Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Can You Learn Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: R. Kelly] Ayy, I got a question for the ladies out there Yeah... Cause there's a few things, that I would like to know Before I fuck with you [Chorus: R. Kelly] Ohhhh baby! Could you learn Could you learn to love a troubled man? Yeahhh, ay Ohhhh baby! Could you learn Could you learn to love a troubled man? Yeahhh [T.I.] Ay shawty I got a question for you Real talk, think so? Ay You sure you wanna roll with me? I'm a complicated man Live my life close to the edge, it ain't even safe to stand I'm, +Trouble Man+, always into somethin Numb to the consequences, guess it's comin if it's comin But so much shit they say that I can't do because I'm famous Guess I should live in a bubble like these other entertainers The danger's so enticin to me I don't even notice it Guess I get away or get arrested 'fore it's over with Prison sentence every year, got e'rybody after me Reaper on my heels, I'm just prayin he don't catch a G Imagine me and you, somewhere happy with a few hundred mil's Still I could go to jail for some years Cause I push it to the limit, the danger's so excitin I'm lovin every minute, girl this life ain't nothin like it And you only live once, so as long as I'm alive I'll be livin on the edge, shawty sure you wanna ride? [T.I.] Yeah, ay, ay Ay they say if the drugs ain't the death of me the lifestyle will be Law keep arrestin me, sucker wanna kill me Still we in the fast lane, grind break, neck speed A million dollar sports car, smokin on the best weed Fistfights in night clubs from rap beefs Shootings, retaliations, yeah it's that deep I guess they just got to catch me when they catch me cause I'm puttin it in they life if they attempt to disrespect me Especially since I know they say what go around come around That's why when we go around I keep a gun around Cause bullshit, there be none around here But I got a secret though, I wanna change, I swear But suckers won't let me, and Feds still sweat me So I'm lookin for the worst to have you prayin for the best Think you can help me if they get me? Could you handle shit for me? Think about it, is you 'bout it? Shawty answer this for me [T.I. - during Chorus] Ay say Think you can learn to love a nigga like me? I know what I need, but it's worth it though Ay, ay Just think about it for a second I mean, could you find it in your heart? I deserve it [R. Kelly] + (T.I.) Girl would you give me yo' number? (tell the truth) If I had a okay car (yeah) not much money (uh-huh) A 9-to-5, with a future on me, OHH! (I'm talkin 'bout me 15 years ago) Tell me would you ever fuck with a brother like me? (would you?) If I did time in my life (yeah) time-time in my life (ay) Time-time in my life (haha) time-time in my life (oh) ohhh Tell me, would you give your sex to me? (I really wanna know) If I was fightin in the club, fightin-fightin in the club (sometimes) Fightin-fightin in the club, fightin-fightin in the club HEY THERE LADY~! Hey lady (clap with me one time ladies) Could you learn - could you learn (hold your hands up) Learn to love a troubled man, ay, ay, HEY, HEY! (If you got a drink I need you to put that in the air as well, okay?) HEY BABY~! (Yeah) Could you learn - tell me could you learn Could you learn to love a troubled man? [Outro: T.I.] + (R. Kelly) I mean if you knew he was really really a good-hearted person man Do you think you could put all the bullshit to the side man? (Hey, I was born in these streets, and raised in these streets) I mean, if you saw the good qualities within man could you (And by the grace of God I'm discovered in these streets) Could you, like, kinda ignore a lot of the bullshit on the outside man? (Baby all I need you to do is listen to my story!) I'm a product of my environment man, y'knowmsayin? (I was born in these streets, raised in these streets) I, I can only act as good as life allows me to act, y'knowmsayin? (And by the grace of God I'm discovered in these streets) So, what I need is a good influence like you, know'msayin? You think you can find it in your heart to find me the light here for so, y'know Somewhere, y'know, and, let a nigga owe somethin right quick to you while we at it Hahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Go Get It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: T.I.] I got a grind won't stop, hustle won't quit Shine like no other, I be on some other shit I got a high-priced lifestyle, super-bad bitch If I want it bet I got it, if I don't bet all I gotta do is go (go) get it (get it) stay about my business (uh-huh) Ball 'til I fall (say what?) flossin 'til I finish (hey) I just go (go) get it (get it) stay about my business (okay) I'm livin just to kill it, stack a million to the ceiling Now just go [T.I.] Every day above ground all I wanna do is ball Put my money over bitches, put my hustle over all Louie down to the drawers, Louboutin kicks Got a Mad Hatter swagger, bitch I'm stupid dumb sick With a group of young bitches and they stupid dumb thick I'm the marathon man, all I do is run shit A sophisticated convict, superficial still official Multi-million dollar shit, money is the object Hot shit, bitch I got a sauna on my arm Sit bigger with no dime or rich a minute by {?} They just talk about they got it, I'm the upper echelon though Bitch I'm 'bout that action, you can go on with the convo I done done mo' than you dreamed 'bout, get yo' drink bitch and yo' dream house On lean passin them beans out, with a bad crew the whole team hot Go on boy, get seen by, bruh you know me, you know I be Stackin that dough that's all I see, I G-O G-E-T I-T [T.I.] I live life, fuck late night, get shit-faced when I take flight I get paid, no sick days, my outfit's on switchblades Don't sniff yay but I blow 'dro, bankroll on loco Still ride with that fo'-fo' but don't let my P.O. know Bad white bitch super thick, I'm Ice-T she Coco She got another bitch, them other bitches, her ass fat, face so-so No paper trail, no phone calls, no e-mails, no photos Just backshots with that fat butt and low blow headbutts in slow-mo Hey Purple Label, Polo and Akoo - that's all I do Man I strive and roll my denim in them new Margiela shoes Man we be cool and we just parlay, on Margarita Molly{?} And the strongest pack around, bumpin Sadé out in Maui We ménage'n for a hobby, we kick it how we kick it Know you envy how I'm livin, chick just can't resist the pimpin Get the million 'bout my business, bruh you know me, you know I be Stackin that dough that's all I see, I G-O G-E-T I-T [Outro: T.I.] Get it Now just go, get it {*3X*} Go... {*4X*} Get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ P!nk Album: Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head Song: Guns and Roses Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Ay have you ever loved somebody so much you can't stand 'em but can't be without 'em? Do anything for 'em cause you truly do adore 'em Like dedicate songs, write poems But they be on that bullshit and you try to ignore 'em But you feel like they feel like you ain't right for 'em Therefore your heart's torn Between bein with 'em forever, leavin them never But it seem like you arguin, fightin over whatever Maybe we can leave, find someone better Even though you know you've never known none better My heart say "Nah, she can't leave, won't let her" Been head over heels since the very day I met her Fell so deep in love I ain't been able to get up Sometimes I want some peace of mind and she don't shut up Love her to death, don't know whether to kiss her or kill her [Chorus: P!nk] Should've known it, from the start it was already over We were just too dumb to notice And we'd pray but, even love couldn't save us We'd wake up - on a bed of guns and roses And we don't knowwwww which one to choose When, either wayyyyy we're gonna lose Still we'd pray but, even love couldn't save us We'd wake up - on a bed of guns and roses [T.I.] Huh, I guess I'd rather suffer with her than be miserable without her I buy a lot of Prada, Gucci and Balenciaga to keep her content and keep down the nonsense But every corner we turn around the conflict Mostly dumb shit, like who she run with "Where the fuck you been? Them pants they don't fit" Really, honestly speakin some things I don't get And no matter how much she try she can't make it make more sense Therefore, here we go again Screamin, yellin at the top of our lungs, she goin in Sayin the kind of shit, I be like "If you was a man I would go in yo' shit, for real, no shit" But I love her so much that I can't forget that the feel of a kiss, it could heal when I'm sick Still, I don't like to feel like this If I wouldn't miss her I would probably get her killed right quick [P!nk] Every time we say our good-byyyyyyes A little piece of my heart breaks off insiiiiiide I don't really ever know whyyyyyyyy If I could live without you I'd try-IYYYYYYYY! [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: The Way We Ride Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean Swingin-swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean Top-top down ridin clean, top down ridin clean Swingin-swingin through, swingin through, top down ridin clean (In my city it's the way we riiiiiide) Swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean Swingin-swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean (In my city it's the way we riiiiiide) Top-top down ridin clean, top down ridin clean Swingin-swingin through, swingin through, top down ridin clean (In my city it's the way we riiiiiide) [T.I.] Ay, got my top down on my Bentley, I keep it pimpin the most 285 I be hittin, even when there's nowhere to go My wrists'll hang out the window, my Roley shine and it shimmer You see that bad bitch who wit'cha? If I want I can get her Make her a active disciple, a MDMA{?} dipper Make my suite presidential and then I fill it with strippers Man I got chrome on my wheels, and your hoe on my dick Ride around no roof on my whip, that's how you know I'm the shit They know I'm rich, it don't matter bruh cause as fresh as I be What she do for you you pay her, what she do for me for free Cause I'm a G, still kick it with the trap nigga buyin things Swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean [T.I.] Ay, my old school is official, got them horses under my hood Yeah I'm ridin 'round on yo' side of town and I'm blowin O's of that good In the summertime I got to be, in the flyest ride, who higher than me? Nigga catch hell tryin to follow me, I bet Pimp C proud of me I got the city lights in my rearview, we loud and can't hear you Got a billion in my mirrors, it could be closer than it appear to Blowin big, stacks, all we do is that Valet my shit in fear, fuck up a chick at Saks Then it's back to the drop, hit the gas, burn a gat Got my double cup filled up, pint of lean sealed up Broad lookin for me broad day whenever I'm seen Swingin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean [T.I.] Ay, ride quarter million C-A-R's nigga, try me bitch you'll see AR's nigga Got purple stuff in my 20-ounce, I got bubba kush in my cigar nigga Pull string, no guitar, put down, roll the dice, what they hit for I don't know if this is yo' bitch but she on my dick, you better come get her Don't want me on yo' street with this clean paint and these white seats She's gon' be inside here, and you have no idea how she be tryin to get up in the whip whenever I'm seen Rollin through with some'in new, top down ridin clean The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Cruisin' Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Yo, yeah I'm on the way Yeah I had to pick up the new car Aight, ay, I'll be there in a minute Ay you dressed? [Chorus 2X: T.I.] She had on purple panties, blue bikinis (yeah yeah) And we were cruisin in my Lamborghini (yeah yeah yeah yeah) She had on purple panties, blue bikiiiinis, yeah And we were cruisin in my Lamborghini (cruisin in my Lambo) [T.I.] I pull up shawty came out the house with her bra and panties with her jacket, that's her outfit Her heels fly, they real high She used to it, she's still fly My ride new, her shoes on She love to say she wanna take her top off My car is orange, her toes too R. Kelly on, I'm bumpin that old school She's so so super bad, my motor's so super fast Her feet up on the dash, I'm goin super fast She's so relaxed, my windows black Her legs wide open, can they see her while she's layin in her [Chorus] - minus "She had on" at the start [T.I.] My tank full, the night young Her eyes sayin, she wants some She on one, the stars out Wonder if she thinkin we can do it on the car now I know she wanna play, it's written all on her face What's in them purple bottoms? Girl I sure want a taste Pulled over and opened the door, holdin that new Aventador We parked somewhere dark, she laid on front and then I'm kissin on her [Chorus] - minus "She had on" at the start [T.I.] (Shawty looks so goooood) She say she wanna do it in my ride Looked so good in my ride what she was doin in my ride (Shawty looks so good, good, good) She say she wanna do it in my ride Looked so good in my ride what she was doin in my ride (Shawty looks so goooood) So sexy I just let her get her ride on Looked so sexy in my ride I just might buy her one (Shawty looks so good, good, good) So sexy I just let her get her ride on Looked so sexy in my ride I just might buy her one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Addresses Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Ay, ay ay [Chorus: T.I.] Ay e'rything ain't what it seem, ride dirty when I'm clean Best check that disrespect unless you want it with the king Put a address on that shit, who you talkin 'bout? What you mean? Wanna see me in the street better bring some extra magazine All that flexin and that poppin you be doin for them hoes I would run up with that chopper, give it to you and them hoes I, for sure stunt, keep the dough comin Man them suckas talkin tough but trust me they ain't on nothin Go~! [T.I.] Ay listen to me bruh, don't bring that bullshit to me bruh Ain't no back and forth my nigga; fuck with me I'm torchin niggaz Don't go to war unless your money right Room full of money hundreds, not a 1 in sight Right? Hey look, I can't afford a gunfight Hah~! But I can afford one life All on that sucka shit, you broke and now you so upset All that shit you kick around the city gets you no respect I know a rap beef what you want, that shit I peeped then You such a gangsta get some money out the street then Been in the game for 11 years, if I was such a hoe Nigga I'da been exposed 10 years ago Never been robbed, never got my chain took Never even been hit in my face, you don't believe? Look! And people lookin at me back when I was trigger happy It wasn't no shoutin matches, I just got to get nappy! [T.I.] I swear to God another day another fuck nigga That's why I just get that paper, be like fuck nigga Sucka nigga, you were tough but now you done some I'm done talkin, bust your gun, wanna run some Hate to turn yo' TV on e'ry week and see my +Family Hustle+ And e'rybody on yo' street just see yo' family struggle What happened bruh? Guess your connect just be like fuck 'em dawg No money when I see, I see you I see none at all That check I'm chasin after, never mind them hater rapper Make they situation sticky like a Now and Later wrapper Been +Fuckin Cities Up+, this shit ain't shit to us Keep on I'll show these folks on tape how you a sittin duck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Cee-Lo Green, Pharrell Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Hello Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] Sk8brd, T.I., here we go [Chorus: Cee-Lo Green] + (Pharrell) Just keep goin and don't look back And look forward from where you're at (hahaha) There's some jealousy in your rearview Wave hello, hello, hello (yessir, here we go~!) Push that pedal to the max Count that money that's in your lap There's some jealousy in your rearview Hello, hello, hello (everybody, they gon' sing this) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh (haha) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh (let's go, let's go) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh Wave hello, hello, hello! (OW~!) [T.I.] Ay; mashin in the fast lane, envy in my rearview Mil's in my windshield, keep 'em in the clear view Cheers to my partners who got it, we finally did it And here's to the ones with potential to go and get it We survived yesterday, foreign ride connoisseurs Poppin fly today, tomorrow ain't promised to us Grind hard for dirty money but our hearts' pure Steady mobbin on these suckas, man they so funny to us Broke niggaz all smiles, when they run into us Get by theyself they talkin tough but don't do nuttin to us Call theyselves paper chasin, when wealth be runnin to us You violate the puppet master gets your string pulled Hustle Gang, King Team, label me the ringleader Just showin haters the tail lights of my two-seaters Two heaters with me in the ride but I don't need 'em though Left evil behind me, that's where I plan to keep it, go~! [T.I.] Ay; I hustle hard, forever shine, pay haters no never-mind Won't stop until we poppin bottles at the finish line Never been the quittin kind, spirit, ain't no killin mine I'm gettin mine, you don't like it nigga get in line So many times I've shown dudes I won't lose Time's precious but waste yours if you want to Hey I made it and you didn't, for that I ain't to blame Won't change a thang, the circumstances remain the same Can't complain, I'm highly favored, my flavor's God-given So used to hate appreciation is a odd feelin Still I stay focused on the millions tryin to dodge prison Prayin askin for forgiveness hopin God listen As far as dissin me pimpin go 'head and have a ball Meanwhile I'm gettin bread determined to have it all I'm talkin money sonny, if ain't none of that involved why is we conversin? This vehicle ain't reversin, go~! [Outro: Pharrell] Hey! Haha, let's go Hands up, hands up! Haha, get 'em Tip! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Who Want Some Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Hahahaha, yeah, okay [Chorus: T.I.] All I got is trouble (trouble) most you niggaz know it (they know) Pistols in the duffle, anybody lookin for it (yeahhhhh) Who want some? (Who want it bitch?) Who want some? (Who want it hoe?) You know anybody get it if you want some (sorry nigga!) I'm flyest in the city (city) all I do is ride (ride) Anybody get it, think I'm lyin nigga try (yeahhhhh) Ay, who want some? (Who want it bitch?) Who want some? (Who want it hoe?) You know anybody get it if you want some (sorry nigga!) [Interlude: T.I.] Ay you can miss me with the bullshit And when you see me holla at me if you want it bitch Okay, you can miss me with the bullshit And when you see me holla at me if you want some nigga! [T.I.] I'm Trouble Man, stay in trouble, trouble's all I know A snub nose .44 that fitted all my clothes I love to hustle, trust no one, I'm countin all my dough In Magic City stacks of twenty, big tall I throw Keep it a hundred with the D cause they all my folk I do a party, 100 G's to the mall I go The slow flow, bought the fourth flo', mansion out in Cali Got a matte black Rolls Royce, bullet-proof Denali Better check a nigga head say he better than me Man if they really wanna beef I'll leave 'em dead as can be I'm back up in this bitch with Toomp, O.G. what they wanna do? I shoot a nigga, catch a case and beat it in a month or two Le'go~! [Chorus] + [Interlude] [T.I.] A half a million dollar chain, shit's so big it's a shame Millionaire still hang with niggaz out there dealin cocaine It's King mayne, you know I ain't finna deal with no lame Still might catch me in Bev' Hills sittin tall in them thangs Walkin out the {?}, throw them junkies all in my chain My address and my ensemble, that's 'bout all I'ma change Man play them games if you want to, all my niggaz with it We can bang if you want to, let all you niggaz get it Off probation and I'm waitin for a nigga to jump You disrespectin the crown, and double barrel I dump Like, "Ain't he learned from that time that he done did in the pen'? Man here this skinny nigga go talkin 'bout pistols again!" Ahhhhh~! [T.I.] We been through this, how many times have you niggaz forgot? I get locked up, get out on top whether you like it or not Let us remember 'fore my Fed case, now I was a headcase Hit a nigga neighborhood, tell 'em bring the yellow tape I calmed down for my kids and my mom now Run up on them sucka niggaz, you can put your arms down And FYI, I never put my arms down Tell the ATF I got three more .380's left Hahhhh~! [Chorus] + [Interlude] {*ad libs to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Akon Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Wonderful Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Akon] One two three, ooh yeah Ooh-ohh-ohhh I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind That I put down in words How wonderful life is [T.I.] Ay Tip, let me holla at you.. Makin your momma proud, lookin in your daughter's eyes Kickin it with your sons, trippin, never realize how good you got it, been so wrapped up in your losses You couldn't see the profits, could still be in the projects Instead releasin projects just poppin when niggaz floppin So you went back to prison Tip, it could've been a coffin Now since we talkin you've been trippin ever since I died I appreciate you missin me but G you still alive I'm lookin down at you, then sendin smiles to you I checked the wedding out, oh tell Tameka hi, would you? Told you she'll get you, that's good cause shawty ride wit'chu Kids gettin big, seen King ridin a bicycle Saw Nique-Nique drive a car, see Bubba big as you I see Domani rappin, and he's spittin too Lil' Deyjah beautiful, and Major super cool My life is over with dawg, your life been good to you [Chorus: Akon] And you can tell everybody This is your song And you can tell everybody This is your song I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind That I put down in words How wonderful life is [T.I.] Sit down son.. Hey listen to me son, and pay attention too Seems like I'm the only one that you'll listen to I never knew the time that I ain't get to spend wit'chu would ever result in you making yourself miserable You gotta let it go, it's painful, I already know The past is the past, just learn from it, grow So you got {?} wit'chu, and your sister Precious too I'm proud of you, did better than I expected you to Although I knew you were special when you were smaller That's why I was so much harder on you, knew you were smarter Not much convo to offer, I wasn't much of a talker Great to see you doin better than me, even as a father Takin care of yo' momma, overcomin the drama Your life is wonderful son, don't let 'em take it from ya Keep livin it to the fullest, treasure it, it's a blessing Be thankful for all this beauty, when it's over with forget it [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T.I.] Damn; what up Phil? So good to hear from you, we missin you Rememberin all of our conversations, daily reminiscin you The hood the day they lost, could tell they don't know who to listen to Today I watch over Jenee{?}, like she was my own and that could be gift for you I swear, it's so unfair, that I'm right here, and you up there I miss you so much now to the point I call your name but you not there Now I can't rest, and I can't get shit off my mind, I'm so upset It wasn't yo' time to leave me here, it broke my heart to see you dead Shot with bullets that were meant for me, family's never forgivin me I know - but all I could do is ball in your memory And pops I thank you so much for leavin, I had to grow up Slangin crack on the corner ain't quite the future you wanted for me Was it? And this pain I feel it never goes away Does it? This load I carry get no lighter I grew up all on my own with a broken heart and a broken home Taught me everything I've known, owe you everything I own I must admit you raised a warrior, my life could be a story book Hope you proud of me, didn't graduate from college but Thanks for listenin to me, so long I had this problem ducked 'Til we meet in person let's keep speakin through my verses, for life [Outro: Akon] This is your song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Netta Brielle Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Hallelujah Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Netta Brielle] Jesus loves me! This I knowwwww For the Bible, tells me sooooo Ooooh [T.I.] Sometimes I wake up feel like I'm in Forrest City, Arkansas Although I'm free I'm still a prisoner of all I saw Sometimes I leave this booth at 4 AM and ride down Simpson Just prayin homie, and reminiscin Sometimes my nightmare seems so real, feel like I'm still in prison I reach out for Tameka hand, I'm trippin cause she missin It's pitch black dark, like I'm in solitary So if my freedom was a dream, Lord please prepare me It seems like Satan want my soul and he refuse to share me My former friends talk about me like I'm dead and buried Bastards want me in the casket 'fore my head cold Trouble in my soul, the devil got a hold Did everything to me but kill me like he did to Job He took my diamonds, took my rhymes, took my fame and gold He took my business interest, he took my wife and kids But he can't take nothin God can't give me back again [Netta Brielle] Hallelujah! Hallelujah Hallelujah! Halleluuuuuujah Hallelujah! Hallelujah Hallelujah! Halleluuuuuujah [T.I.] I went to jail, stood tall, then I fell again It seems like I'm Jonah and right back in that whale again I felt the panic when they locked me in that cell again I had to pray and meditate, control my breath again Like Lazarus I've risen from a bed of death again The Lord is with me, I could stand against a thousand men I read the psalms of David, prayed to be like Solomon God's wisdom walkin all amongst these hollow men I'm a king, I dare to lead when they just followin I see a better way, I'm keepin my eyes on the sparrow I'm exitin my Egypt, tell 'em wave goodbye to pharaoh Mother told me 'fore she left this earth that I was special And because I'm special, they gon' make me suffer Like they crucified Jesus right in front his mother Suckas, but he arose on the third day To save ya, here to give favor, let the church say [Outro: Netta Brielle] Hallelujah! Hallelujah Hallelujah! Halleluuuuuujah Jesus loves me! This I knowwwww For the Bible, tells me sooooo Yes He loves me! This I knowwwwwww yeah For the Bible, tells me sooooooo Ohhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man Song: Love This Life Typed by: x20twelve@hotmail.com [Intro - T.I. Talking] I know it can get kinda tough sometimes you know I know you can kinda get carried away with yourself But err, why dont you be real with me and be real with you at the same time You can't get what you get here no where else ma keep it real now [Hook] You know, You know (you know you love this) bitch You know you love this life Don't nobody do you like me You know, you love bitch you know you love this life Don't nobody do you like me You know [Verse 1] Cavalli dress and high heels And drop tops on hot wheels We live how we wanna live cause we got mills Them other niggas barely buy a hot meal In VIP dem bottle poppin' do it B.I.G. Come get with T.I.P be ballin' til you d-i-e Invisible set bracelet, see clearly Take away your stress mean that sincerely Problem solve ‘em, nevermind that Girlfriend see your bag, be like “where you find that?” Plus, what the fucks a pre-nup you aint got to sign that You up take half, I'mma make it right back I'ma mutha fuckin hustla to the heart Whats the sense in leaving me and be back fuckin with them busters Bentley for your birthday, Goyard Purse day Deal with them stacks know you gotta love that [Hook] [Verse 2] Man of Respect on a big jet With a big dick and a big check I pop big shit, how good does it get Ya leave me, where else you think you could get this? Yeah, you could get another guy to beat that pussy for ya Them niggas cowards though, and I'll take a bullet for you Mansions, jewelry all I need is for you and me to have some understanding Have a couple candid conversations Your frustrations I take in consideration I'm rough around the edges, dont bat with me and be patient And you're sadly mistaken if you think I'm into chasing My heart is RSVP I've extended an invitation and dont go wasting your time with what they saying online Your positions divine, don't believe look around I got a strong mind and a kind heart With a soft kiss but I love hard [Hook] [Bridge] Don't you love this life like I love you Anything you could ask, do it for you Drop Jags, Berkin bags, Louboutin heels Summer homes in Miami, hollywood hills Vacation in Monaco, Ibiza On the French Riviera with our feet up Our lifestyles so rare, you know you aint going no where [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Like That * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Intro: T.I.] Yeah... I think I know what they like They want that, yeah They want that, they like that Yeah, I think I know what they like They want that, they on that, they on that Yea, yea, yea, yea [Chorus: T.I.] They want that young nigga dumb, who you with, where ya from shit That gang bangin, rag hangin, what you claimin crunk shit (HEY!) They like that (HEY!) They on that (HEY!) They like that (HEY!) They want that They want that super gutter ignorant, that new ghetto belligerent Authentic brick flippin dope boy trap nigga shit (HEY!) Yeah they like that (HEY!) They on that (HEY!) They like that, yeahhh (HEY!) They want that [T.I.] They want banana clippin, chicken flippin, pistol grippin roll out Music do that shit so good cause that's the shit I know 'bout Money over everybody, trappin when it's cold out Give me mine grind then go shine 'til I'm sold out (Pow) Keep a K and some yay' No hesitation, I'll spray whoever in a nigga way O's of that haze only thing a nigga blaze Gang bangers in J's in projects where a nigga stay In my baby mama Section-8 apartment Okay now everybody know me bitch I'm hot If you want it hoe I got it, you can fuck with me or not Still ridin 24's, pockets full of cheddar now If you trappin I'll be out soon as I handle my B-I I'm tryin to dodge the FBI, who knew one day I'd be T.I. Chevy sittin real high, same clothes still fly That's the shit them young niggaz out there wanna hear about [T.I.] Gangsta walkin, see me approach with caution Louis belt around my waistline, pistol hangin off it Fuck them niggaz who be talkin, they can get it if they want it Still hangin on the corner, slang crack and marijuana Ahh (ahh) still the man in my trap Disappeared from the Feds, they ran in my trap Took a half-ki', hundred grand, and my strap Only thing I got now is the 9 in my lap Better double, triple it, whip it, get it to sellin Get rich and get out the game 'fore snitches can get to tellin Magician with it Magellan, already a felon Ain't even fired up the 'dro and they already can smell it Wee hours of the morn' I'ma hustle 'til it's all gone Nigga better recognize my grind Bankroll over all, never mind my shine If ya bangin let me see your gang sign one time [T.I.] Trap nigga, know I spent my whole life in that shit And still ridin with me cause they like that shit Yeah they like that (HEY!) Okay, they on that (HEY!) They like that, yeahhh (HEY!) They want that Spit it how I used to live it, I ain't writin that shit Like I'm right in that shit, that's why they like that shit, hey (HEY!) Yeah they like that (HEY!) They on that (HEY!) They like that, yeahhh (HEY!) They want that [Outro: T.I.] Trouble Man in this muh'fucker partner Dope boys stand up, trap niggaz what's happenin? Yeahhh, Bankhead's own, A-Town's very best nigga Yeah, it's the King, BITCH! Okay, Hustle Gang nigga G.D.O.D. - Get Dough Or Die nigga You don't like it nigga beat me at a bankroll nigga Yeah, rubber bands on these motherfuckers BOW! Nigga what you gon' do about me? Yeah~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Victoria Monet Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Live On Tonight * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Best Buy bonus track [Chorus: Victoria Monet] On the road 'til ya die That unchangeable surprise No waking up, but don't you cry Let your dreams live on tonight Ooh-ooh-oooooh-ooh-ooh-oooh {*4X*} Live on tonight [T.I.] Yeah, yeah, Hustle Gang nigga! Ay, le'go, ay We do it big, goin hard, get it in I tell 'em make my hustle, fuck fittin in Who you know catch a Fed case, go to prison then Turn around, do the same shit again {"Trouble Man!"} Gone back {"Trouble Man!"} countin rack A hundred K on champagne, hate I drown that {"Trouble Man!"} Loud pack (loud pack) burnt up (burnt up) Do it IMAX big, shawty turnt up {"Trouble Man!"} The American dream, I'm livin in it 'Til Trayvon get some justice I'll kill a bitch e'ry minute {"Trouble Man!"} Real talk, give a damn 'bout the sentence Ye ain't down to die for somethin your life ain't worth livin {"Trouble Man!"} [T.I.] Yeah, that's right +Family Hustle+ nigga! Go! I'm livin so my sons and daughters never see martyr Get it, spend it today, save somethin tomorrow A young king's Arthur, learned from my father Tomorrow 50/50, today is all ours {"Trouble Man!"} That's why 24 hours, 365 days Push it to the limit, switchin lanes on the highway {"Trouble Man!"} Like fuck it, if I die today I die in pain {"Trouble Man!"} I'm straight nigga, straight bullets in your driveway {"Trouble Man!"} Man the game ain't a game, why should I play? For my fam, my life, down I'll lay {"Trouble Man!"} Put it on the line, never mind the consequences Ye ain't down to die for somethin your life ain't worth livin {"Trouble Man!"} [T.I.] Uh-huh, I ain't finished, le'go You know a Trouble Man ride with a hundred band Bet it all, win or lose, it ain't nuttin man {"Trouble Man!"} Modern day, near perfect, I'm the son of man Every summer kill shit, call me Son of Sam {"Trouble Man!"} Big chain (big chain) big car (big car) I could buy a big house on my Black Card {"Trouble Man!"} Them other suckers only wanna act hard Hustle Gang, we jump off, floss stunt hard {"Trouble Man!"} So respected, I don't even need a bodyguard But if it fully-automatic then it's probably ours {"Trouble Man!"} Real talk, give a damn 'bout the sentence Ye ain't down to die for somethin your life ain't worth livin {"Trouble Man!"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ D.O.P.E. Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Parlay * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Best Buy bonus track {"Automatic defense procedures initiated."} [Intro: T.I.] I got DOPE~! BAP! Grand Hustle nigga (Hustle Gang nigga!) Yeah yeah yeah! Bap! (HEY! HEY!) Get Dough Or Die nigga (broke niggaz eat your heart out!) G.D.O.D. nigga (okay bruh) AY! HEY! [Chorus: T.I.] Yeah, ay never mind that blahzay-blahzay, all we do is parlay All we do is parlay, all we do is parlay Ferrari Maserati riders, all we do is parlay All we do is parlay, all we do is parlay We livin every day like Friday, all we do is parlay All we do is parlay, all we do is parlay Just ask them hoes they know about us, all we do is parlay All we do is parlay, say all we do is parlay [T.I.] Got Maybachs on they block and a watch, tanktop, two chains Snapbacks and cargos; them racks I got carloads My flow sick, got parvo, my swag on retardo A bunch of G's when we ride hoe, we live no Apollo Got strippers, got star hoes, we talk shit, swallow spit In mansions and condos, they quick to swallow dick Fly G-4 to the West coast, under palm trees poppin Dom P With a hazel-eyed big blonde weave that got a jungle booty, Jumanji All I do is wake up, cake up, smear these bitches makeup In them new Margiela flavors in Montego Bay, Jamaica Hundred karat chain, solitaire, no Pavé Never mind they blahzay-blahzay, all we do is parlay [D.O.P.E. - #1] Yeah, yeah, yeah Ay thug, got me leanin to my left, fake as hell I be saggin like a thug, buy a hoe the Louis belt The whole clique, throwin ten, I can do that by myself My sound ground, they be alien and don't know it like they live{?} I get my cash straight out K truck, nigga wanna try me I'ma hit big cuz ASAP, he gon' drive the fever Make it failin like it stay flake{?} Nigga we'll get you well-done, and stay away, the bumpin with my kayfabe{?} My house stay where the lake stay, Benz seat where my ass stay I'm makin plays on a good day and only parlayin on a bad day My Red Bottoms say CL, Benz coupe say CL Sharp than they two hill{?}, oops, now we three hills{?} bitch! [D.O.P.E. - #2] Ay, all I do is parlay, I do everything the star way I got bitches fuckin with me, pussy sweeter than a parfait Sell all of my parquet{?} at the other end of Parkway Nigga try me and I'll make that chopper sing like a Bar-Kay All I do is parlay, all I do is parlay I been gettin money so I'm callin Target "Targét" All of the bitches go our way, I'm killin these niggaz the bar way You can't be a nigga they say is a dog unless they referrin to Shar-Peis Me and that Gucci won't part ways, bitch I be fresh as a fool (fool) These are the brooks in my forte, sometimes I be dressed in the cool (cool) I know I be winnin cause suckers be constantly tryin to catch up with my mood (mood) Sit back and watch while I turn up a notch, just {?} just what I do (do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Trae Tha Truth Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Check This Dig That * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Best Buy bonus track [Intro: T.I.] Yeah, hey, yeah, hey, hey I say now check this, dig that D-d-dig that, d-d-dig that, hey [Chorus: T.I.] Check this, dig that, you know I be gettin that money in them big stacks, you broke I can fix that Yeahhhh, you broke I can fix that Yeahhhh, hey hey hey, I say now Check this, dig that, you know I be gettin that money in them big stacks, you broke I can fix that Yeahhhh, hey come and see me I can fix that Yeahhhh, hey, hey gettin money nigga [T.I.] I'm gettin my hustle on and I'm rollin, got whatever gettin that paper Fresh out of prison I'm glowin, middle finger right at them haters Get yo' chick befo' she gets stolen, one of my partners surely may take her Send her back to you pussy swollen, so and messed up just like her makeup Got an elephant mirror it's flawless, I remember all of y'all who was talkin Got a good mind to run in yo' office, whoop yo' ass in front of yo' bosses My partner died in my honor, I'm responsible for his momma His daughter too, I bet you she can go whatever college she wanna Still wrap rubber bands on my bankroll, broke somethin I can't go Bitch yellin out I'm the shit, I'm like "Tell me somethin I ain't know" My broker costs and my stocks is, up 20% so my profits increasin even in my absence so my attitude is obnoxious Contract almost expired, they get one more album off it Best go tell {?}, make my contract big as Bosh is Got bitches on my sausage, and Federales watchin Just one more year of paper then I'm back to blowin broccoli AY~! [Trae Tha Truth] Yeah, I'm the king of Texas I put on, on the block tryin to put the whole hood on Stay stiff while them other niggaz stood wrong, street shit only thing a nigga still on My niggaz don't dip, full of same shit like Suge, attitude fucked, they sippin good Tell them I got a million, never gotta worry about a thing, I represent it the best I could Stackin pape' when I rap, shit get flipped and I'm back to the trap Trunk locked up with somethin that clap, if you don't get that then bitch'll get slapped Bitch I'll pop up, get this proper, probably in the hood same place I got shot up I won't be stopped, probably while you niggaz sleep, money gettin big like look what I got up You ain't seen that DJ cut up on that drop, chain stay icy, bitch I stay hot Yeah I'm Truth, that's what you not, it's my time, fuck yo' plot I got my team strong and my guns loaded, city mine, the whole hood voted This murder business, they know I showed it, suicide both doors, floated Me and Tip, G.D.O.D., got that work, C.O.D. Yeah they livin free, you gotta pay a fee, that talkin cool but ain't shit to me Broke, I'll be damned if I go back, this Hustle Gang and you know that We earn respect so you owe that, with a middle finger like hold that (hold that) [T.I.] So many lames, so much to say, but that's another topic for another day They know face-to-face I clown nigga, why you ain't talkin shit now nigga? Don't try to dap me up, you ain't down with us, am I angry bitch? Don't I sound bitter? Cause I'm so sincere, it's so severe that you know through all that I persevere I die tomorrow, my hopes is there will be suckers left for my ghost to fear I got no compassion, no understandin, like y'all bitch-ass is so under-handed My rational is all reprimanded, just smash the gas, take full advantage My patient short and my temper bad, so you'll find me everywhere ye ain't at The best you got you better bring that, you wanna take me out, you can't fake me out When they let me out you wanna help me out, nigga did these moves, come check me out Me and Doug in the drop-top, bet we out, head to the bank with a check we got One thing ain't no question 'bout, if not more I'm just as hot Okay scratch that shit I'm spazzin out, big bankrolls I'm passin out I'll hug yo' hoe she passin out, before she hit the ground I'm mashin out I'm bossin up and I'm stayin down, got racks on racks just layin 'round Big bank nigga ain't no playin 'round, you wanna check it again, I bet you didn't now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Sk8brd (Pharrell) Album: Hear Ye, Hear Ye 12" Song: Hear Ye, Hear Ye Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Sk8brd] Yup, mm-hmm, yeah There's a rainbow everywhere depending on where you stand Whether the dashboard or yay, or the walls a hundred grand each Double R interior tan, outside is peach Oh you tryin to make a deal out in Golden Beach Or the Florida Keys, duckin the Florida D's But you only end up with bricks of sand I know niggaz that run from they shadows like Peter Pan Runnin like it's a Nike commercial but he's the man What he don't like on sight he murk like he's the Klan 8-balls the size of baseballs like Jeter's hand It's fecal fam, yeah it's the shit Zip your face up when Skateboard is on the strip Catch me in the Gap V with some BBC trunks Flip-flops, sippin on cream, like it's punch I push the spaceship with the chrome lady in the front Bendin over like she just puffed Busta's blunt I told y'all muh'fuckers once I think I'm hungry, finna eat y'all niggaz lunch; y'all niggaz cunts I'm from the, commonwealth, my wealth ain't common when niggaz roll around with chrome solvers lookin for problems Mouth full of gold, flame when they roll Arthritic fingers, niggaz bang when they stroll Traded in the hats for the cane and the gold The golds for the chain and the cane was on swole Aiyyo Tip, get these peon niggaz told [T.I.] Still stand tall when it all falls down Whether Hollywood Hills or a one-horse town You should know better There's no better than these fo' letters More than ever niggaz want me dead Cause they starvin and I'm gettin fed But fuck 'em anyway, I'd rather be me on my worst day Then to be a sucka nigga on his birthday All cake no candles, just a livin example Ten toes down, all out, no sandals +Godfather+, young Marlon Brando Let me make sure they understand yo Hear ye, hear ye - you wise you fear me Real niggaz on they shine, much obliged, merci Everybody wanna criticize him by how bad he ended up, look how bad he coulda been I coulda caught a body, sold a brick to somebody who volunteered my information to the federales I made it outta all of that like I ain't gon' be proud of that So petty shit you stickin to me give me all you got of that Doin this for all my niggaz who'd rather go to prison than to let a nigga kill him So he leavin his P.O. snub nose in his denim Trap or death is waitin 'round the corners that he been in On bended knee, God forgive us, we've been sinnin In our defense look at the options we was given Layin in the prison cell starin at the ceiling Back in this bitch again, guess they wasn't bullshittin, huh? Still wonder where it all went wrong Since Phil got killed I ain't never moved on Like I'm still in the club where the blows got thrown When my crown fell down and I got dethroned Bunch of niggaz around, but I feel all alone Like a piece of me is missin, guess it never came home Probably died in the van when it all hit the fan Save the life of a friend, we don't all get the chance Now here I stand, with blood in my hands Tryin hard to explain so his mom understand I mean fought for the loss of the soul of a man Only soldiers know how that'll take a toll on a man Burdens on the world on my shoulders, heavy Visibly composed my emotions, buried Scary, so if I pop a pill Smoke a blunt or take a shot, y'all let a nigga live Still baffled how my life unravelled In the meantime time just travelled Can't see behind the walls of my castle Opinionated peons son, but who asked you? I'll tell you what you do, take your two cents Kick rocks to a fountain, pitchin and make a wish Shit, if wishes had wings they'd all make it to heaven and we'd all be kings Hahaha, if wishes had wings they'd all make it to heaven and we'd all be kings Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B, Kendrick Lamar, Kris Stephens Album: Memories Back Then {S} Song: Memories Back Then Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*Kris Stephens harmonizes for first 21 seconds*} [T.I.] Ay, in my apartment a long time ago I knew a bad bitch but she was kinda slow Still gave it up when it's a few of us; she let me finger fuck her on the school bus We used to cut school with her and run train, she wanna hang with us, we want one thang Just penetratin that throat dawg - she choke on it like smoke dawg But whenever I fucked up my re-up, in a dice game I go see her She'll give me enough to buy a quarter ounce and then blow a blunt of that reefer She used to buy a nigga new sneakers, pay the bill on my beeper Just so she could page to put a "69" and I know it's time to go freak her Then one day I just asked her, "Why you always give ya ass up? I mean damn these hoes get paid, all you do is get laid, this shit don't add up" She said "Tip, all I wanna do is feel love, even if I know it ain't real love Even if I know a nigga only finna hit it then never call back, I still fuck" And that's fucked up cause she's so trill, I need somethin, she go steal When the trap hot and police ride, nigga guess where we go chill? About fo' years she held dope and my fo'-pound 'til it go down I remember shawty, she stayed down, I won't say her name cause she married now [Chorus: Kris Stephens] When the lights go out and I'm in my bed I think of all the madness in my hea-aaaaaaaaaaaaaad Oh-oh-ohhhh, all of the things that I did back then Ohhhh, when I'm in my bed I think of all the memories I've ha-aaaaaaaaaaaaaad Oh-oh-ohhhh, all of the things that I did back then [B.o.B] Yo, yo uhh She would always turn heads when she fall through, she would always make moves how a boss do And she never gave any nigga time of day, but she the chick all the niggaz tried to talk to But when it came to me she had a thing for me, when we kicked it she rolled up the weed for me And we'd both cut class, post up in the cut steady watchin just to see if the police comin We got close over time her and I, right around the time that I first got signed Come to think about it I was 'bout 17, I ain't even have a license, couldn't even drive I was goin back and forth with these flights, another show after show, each night She became so suspicious of these other bitches she'd go through my phone and we'd fight Talk about torn between the two, wasn't really much more that we could do Wasn't really much space for us but she stayed down with every tour she seen me do But I guess one night I had a few, huh, one night I had a few Yeah, this lil' chick that caught my eye, I told her "Hurry up, meet me at the room" And no, I didn't have a contraceptive, and my common sense neglected And two months later next thing I know I got a text that said "I'm pregnant" And you can almost bet she kept it, and that's the reason why you left me On top of all that, it wasn't even mine, I went and got paternity tested Damn! [Kendrick Lamar] Wait, hold up, is that you? With them big ol' thighs after school? Jay 305 had gave me high five when I said I'm in hot pursuit You said "I won't ride until Kendrick drive a new Monte Carlo that cruise" And that shot my pride, I tried to improv but no freestyle'll ever do You're lookin for the nigga with the tallest 'fetti You're overlookin every nigga that ain't quite ready To make it rain on you like about to break a levee - HOLD UP! That pussy petty Yeah yo' nails did, yo' hair did, yo' cell phone is selfish It only got numbers that come with a Hummer, her new primadonna I smelt it Tried to make you mine hoe, tried to make some time hoe But I ain't got the time or the patience to stop and wait in line hoe Her dreams holds Versace, she fall for Armani Only deal with rich niggaz, fuck you and Mitt Romney I'm grown now, I'm on my own now, I'm po-o-o-oppin Change my phone now, when I get home now I got o-o-o-options Fast forward, wait, is that you? With them big ol' thighs after school? And yo' three kids and three baby daddies and car note that's overdue? I know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: I'm Flexin' (S) Song: I'm Flexin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: T.I.] (Hold it) Yah, it's the King, cuh You know my demo, (Hold it) Maybachs, no limos, homes I'm sacked up too (Hold it) I don't know what dem folk doin I'm flexin though patna', (Hold it) leh'go, K.R.I.T. [Chorus: T.I.] (Big K.R.I.T.) (Hold it, hold it now) I'm flexin shawty  (Hold it now) I'm stupid, hoe (Hold it, hold it now) I'm reppin shawty  (Hold it now) Bitch, you ain't know? (Hold it, hold it now) I Gucci, patna (Hold it now) I Louis'd down ...Don't do it, patna (Hold it now) or it's goin down [T.I.] Yeah, I wear strap and roll on my Louie's, hoe  Akoo be matchin my kicks, bitch Paparazzi everywhere I go Got cameras all in my bih'ness (Haaaaah!) I rep the town, hold it down  Cruise all around in my old school My speakers loud and my reefer too  I ain't speakin, bitch, do you I know you? Feds want me back behind that wall  It's the only place that I cain't go I'm focused dawg, I ain't wit' that fuck shit  Thank it's sweet, but it ain’t though I'm tried and true when I'm ridin through I ain't hidin, they can just hate me My top is down and my pockets fat  and my diamonds clearer than HD [T.I.] I rep the west of that A like this Zone 1, I'm talkin bout Bankhead (Bankheaaaaad~!) Still in the trap like a goddamn brick 'cause I love the hood, the king ain't dead My +Hustle Grand+, my money long My spot on top, but y'all want that My position vacant, my crown await And my throne is empty, I own that Folks to Kirkwood and Ben Hill too Summerhill to Pittsburgh and all that Real goons will ride with me to Timbuktu I ain't Gucci dude, but you called that Marietta, East Point to Ol' Nat' area (I see you) Riverdale to Center Hill all day Decatur to Simpson Road, Zone 4, 4th Ward (A-Town stand up, homes!) Niggaz fuck with me always [T.I.] Them so-called dopeboys ain't sold enough OGs' ain't old enough Emcees ain't dope enough I still split yo' coconut You so-so, I'm like that (what?) Tight work bounce right back (What?!) Make room for your bitch, dawg Nigga, gon' get off my sack That loud pack I blow big Always stunt so big PLEASE don't get it wrong homie or them Gs gon bust your wig The A is mine, no questions asked The king home, bitch, the best is back My swag is turnt just like my sack I'm flexin shawty, who's stoppin THAT? [Chorus 2X] [Outro: T.I.] Okay mayne, you don't see what's in yo' face, big dawg? Yeah man, big banks no whammys, dawg you understand that? Yo, doin real, I'm talkin 'bout, REAL proper, patna You understand that? I got that sack, bruh Prison ain't changed shit, homeboy You understand that? Rubberbands on deck, that's why, homes Yeah, Big K.R.I.T., let's do this shit one time, man A-Town to M-Town, patna, it goin down MISSISSIPPI STAND UP~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Youngbloodz, Pastor Troy Album: I'm Serious 12" Song: I'm Serious Remix Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] This some of that Ghet-O-Vision shit man FUCK these niggaz, WHAT! WHAT! WHAT! (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah, uhh Serious mayne... (yeah) This shit gets serious mayne... (I'm tellin ya shawty) Serious mayne... (ah ah, ya ya yea) This shit gets serious mayne... (ah ah, ya ya yea) Serious mayne (ah c'mon, ah ya ya yea) This shit gets serious mayne (aight, let's do it shawty tell 'em) [Hook] - 2X ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Let's get serious mayne! ATTENTION!!! - Ah wha-wha ah what WHAAAT! [T.I.] I'm goin in with funny niggas in the A The killas with the case, and now the niggas with the yea' All my niggas, where ya stay? Westside to Decatur, ah hey-ya, fuck ya wooden eight I lay you down if I got a thirty-shot in my Impala I'm a 3rd bred Bankhead, Roll Park scholar From a house with no father, school - why bother? That's why I call myself the King of the South Well nigga, ah you don't want what I'm break out the house Ah so I, strongly suggest you keep my name out ya mouth Before I, be in ya house tapin ya spouse to the couch And put a, hole in her blouse, I don't play young nigga Remember me from back in the day young nigga One more thing, fuck what you done heard 'bout Atlanta We finna break the standards, rubber bands instead of platinum I'm a hustler, not a rapper We gangstas, y'all some actors We finna turn this chapter, your spot is what I'm after I'm serious!! [Hook] - 2X [J-Bo] See I got the answers to all ya quest-ions (come on) From A-B to C, best learn your less-ons (-ons...) Cuz I'm so damn serious, it'll leave yo' ass stunned In the back and we packin on all who flex-un Like Redrum, it's bloody and ugly, who want some? Now put your middle fingers up until it's all done (it's all done) Cuz we ain't takin much of nothin but bash-un On all who attempt, intentions we blast-un [Sean Paul] I gut 'em, I roll 'em, I smoke 'em, and I pass 'em I serve 'em, deliver, walk up on 'em and blast 'em I'm strong but my niggaz, I'm takin they cash home Then hit the track and get rid of the whole bomb Cuz I'm serious nigga, you gon' feel this nigga Got a, trunk full of work, how you gon' kill this nigga? My niggaz givin out bricks, we can build this nigga If all fail we can 1-0-5 grill this nigga I'm dead serious [Hook] - 2X [Pastor Troy] S-E-R-I-O (uh-huh) U-S (uh-huh) I'm fresh (c'mon) One of the best (uh-huh) there are a couple (c'mon) We did this song last night, I gave 'em trouble (uh-huh) Jumped in my shuttle (uh-huh) and hauled ass (c'mon) Up 85 (yea) with Daytons (c'mon) You wanna blast (c'mon) come get yo' cannon (c'mon) I bet I'll leave yo' punk-ass, where ya standin (uh-huh) While you were plannin (c'mon) see I had plottin (uh-huh) You saw the smoke hoe, hell yeah I shot it (damn right) I'm bustin rockets screamin, "Die nigga, die!" (die nigga) Dont' fuck with D.S.G.B. or T.I. (c'mon) Do you know why, I don't fuck with nobody? (yeah) The same shit, that fucked up John Gotti (yeah) These niggaz watch me, but they don't wanna fuck with us (yeah) We makin 'em hush, we dead-ass serious! [Hook] - 4X [talking] YEEAH!! It's motherfuckin serious in this motherfucker, knahmtalkinbout I'ma tell y'all niggaz like this here (whassup whassup) If it's too hot for yo' ass (uh-huh) Get the fuck out the motherfuckin kitchen, knamtalkinbout (getcha ass out) The boy Lil' Jon, doin this shit with my nigga T.I.! Ghet-O-Vision, Youngbloodz (Ghet-O-Vison hoe!) That boy Pastor Troy (old Troy) It's serious mayne (serious) This shit motherfuckin serious.. (it serious bitch) In the south niggaz, they get motherfuckin serious (real serious) We out this bitch... holla... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Ciara Album: King and Queen (Single) Song: King and Queen Typed by: SlipperyW@emailaccount.com (Intro - T.I.) Ay, ay, ay! Now listen to me for a minute Ay, ay, ay! Can ya hear me? (Ciara) Yeah, yeah, ye-ah! La-la-la-la-la-la-la! Ha ha ha, yeah, ye-ah! La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh, ye-ah! (Verse 1) TI I know what you be thinkin' when ya hear me tryna holla I'm a baller! You don't wanna come near me I know ya hear me, but you really ain't tryna be bothered Cause you probably used to leavin' out the club gettin' followed But listen, shawty, I ain't nothin' like a stalker If I say then I mean it, I ain't just a sweet talker I know I want a woman 'fore i ever try to call her I know ya first mind tell ya to decline, but you oughta Come and chill for a minute, take a load off Know ya heard rumors, plenty hoes say I'm throwed off If ya choose to listen to them then it yo loss But what you wanna do let me know, 'fore I roll off I know ya havin' second thoughts, it ain't yo fault Just don't let the bling scare ya off, I'm a sure floss But I keep my business to myself, let the hoes talk Kick it wit da King, be the Queen, it ain't no cost (Chorus - Ciara) I'll be your Queen for a day Maybe we can get away I do anything you wanna do anytime just pick a place I'll be your Queen for a day baby you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" I'll be your Queen, for today Maybe you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" (Verese 2 - T.I.) Come and hang wit me, shawty I can change ya life! Not a lil bit, look I'm talkin' major like I mean first class flights, not first class seats Gotta go G4 if ya commin' wit me I put you in position broads would be honored to be Hoppin in the double R right in front of the suites Tell the driver to drop us off in front of the beach Set up a table in the sand, fix us somethin' to eat You'll be surprised whatcha learn sit and talkin' to me As the moon and the stars glisten off of the sea You've hardly ever seen only one woman with me and if ya did then she probably mean something to me I know you know I tote glocks and I come from the street but I done growed up alot since I was runnin' the streets And even if that don't change ya opinion of me I bet ya glad you got the chance to come and kick it with me, right? (Chorus - Ciara) I'll be your Queen for a day Maybe we can get away I do anything you wanna do anytime just pick a place I'll be your Queen for a day baby you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" I'll be your Queen, for today Maybe you won't have to chase If ya really want me to be the one, all ya gotta do is say, "I'll be ya King!" (Verse 3 - T.I.) I know ya had a chance to listen to the rest flirt for you give on up the song come and try my vest first I can give it to ya slow or I can make the sex hurt Ooh but no pressure we ain't gotta have sex first I know you wanna know that it's a mutual respect first But we goin kick it if ya wanna clear ya head first We can blow on the best purp til ya chest hurt Take a couple shots drop the top in a wet vert Call up ya homegirl, we can go and get her If she love a good time well tonight might impress her (ha ha) Squeeze in ya tight skirt, match it wit ya best purse I can show ya both how to ball I'm an expert The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Keri Hilson Album: King Uncaged Song: Got Your Back Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - T.I. - talking] (Keri Hilson) Hey, shorty I know you be hearin this and that from here and there but Please trust and believe that I'm I see you gonna ride for me, so I'm a die for you Is you with me? (I got your back boy) Well let's get it [Chorus - Keri Hilson] (T.I.) When you're high (for when it's all good), when you're low (to when it's all bad) Well I promise I will never let you go (now what you call that?) Said I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?) I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (I know you got my back, right?) Keep my swagger, keep it lookin good for ya (yeah) Keep it lookin hood for ya (yeah) Shorty if you don't know (yeah, yeah, yeah, say) I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?) I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (whole world go against you, you got my back, right?) [Verse 1 - T.I.] Hey it's whatever shorty, you ain't gotta ask Yes, Valentino blouses, summer houses, cash, check You can get it, you deserve it, flawless diamonds, Louis purses My mission's to purchase Earth for her, present the gift without the curse Her pleasure is my purpose, pleasure to be at your service We front row at fashion shows, as well as Sunday morning service For better days or for worse, if I'm paid or I'm hurtin in my pocket, she still got a nigga back, know that's for sure No matter what may occur in life, everyday with her is like, a plus I'm a love her 'til she be like "that's enough" Pop a bottle, get a couple wine glasses, fill 'em up and lift 'em up Let us toast to the future, here's to us No, here's to her [Break - Keri Hilson] They wonder how we do what we do Panamera Porsches, me and you Stuck to your side li-li-like glue Be by your side whatever you go to do [Verse 2 - T.I.] (Keri Hilson) Hey, this is for the women who, man caught a sentence Who gon' be there for a minute but they didn't keep they distance They stayed home, waitin on the phone and on visit day Show up lookin good, smellin better, playin kissy face (yeah, yeah) Just wanna let you that we appreciate it (and I appreciate you, baby) Everything you do for us on a day to day [day to day] And I know we don't show you all the time but we lucky that you ours No bouquet of flowers Could ever show how much we know we need you we do, all that's in our power just to please you See boo, fuck them girls, I would leave the World 'fore I leave you May God say "even Eve and Adam ain't got shit on these two" [Break] [Verse 3 - T.I.] Sure enough, even though them chicks be hatin on us Still I'm gonna keep her by my side, through whatever situation we gon' ride Make all my fantasies come alive, that's no lie now I'll be, alright just as long as you beside me Ten million dollar mansions won't suffice If you ain't gon' be in there with me at night The pieces to the puzzles in my life Through all of my good days and all of my bad You stood by your man and you know you got my back Worth every car, every bag, with me they wanna be that I know what I got at home, I ain't gon' never leave that Them bitches best believe that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Uncaged Song: I'm Back * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * first single [Chorus - T.I.] I never let you down, I'm a shine on sight Keep your mind on your grind and off of mines, alright? (right) Hard I'm a ball on them squares I float And quarter million dollar cars everywhere I go I know, in the lead it may seem he might be But no matter what they doin, they don't do it like me Like a G, I hold it down for the town I'm at In a flash like that, recognize I'm back [Verse 1 - T.I.] Strike a match, catch a fire, any moment I decide That's enough of all your lies, boy your buzz just died Step inside, super fly to the shoes in they Coupe Then exit out with all the bitches like we always do My desire to retire grow with every new group 'Cause these guys just don't ride like my nigga you too Tight jeans, funny haircut, dancin on the screen There's a drought of real niggaz in the game so it seems Just pretend and holla pimpin give the shit a black eye (eye) Next he say he trappin in my head, I'm like "why?" Be yourself, you ain't got a pimp bone in your body I can tell ya ain't never bought a ki or caught a body Nigga probably just seen Wayne, Gucci Mane, me and Boosie all go to prison Now they flip their whole image, nigga trippin Listen dude, for you that ain't in the cards Think the power is in the gun but overall it's in your heart Nowadays I don't know what's up with niggaz in the A Guess he think he in the game but he really in the way Violatin, I was havin conversations in the joint With cats who done it and I promised I'd put you on point I'm disappointed in you dog, you ain't hold it down at all But I ain't goin in your jaw, I'm just goin to show ya how to ball Standin tall through the storm, on the yard or in the dorms Cats in prison who expectin me to represent for 'em [Verse 2 - T.I.] Strike a match, catch a fire, see T.I. add gas What's a Molotov cocktail that never break a glass? Scary ass nigga wanna come for me you better bring it I ain't mad, I forgive 'em, God I know they ain't mean it Yeah I seen it all before, hey, I’m poppin and they ain't Rack they brain tryin to think of how to stop it and they can't Ain't that lame but then the hatred manifest to pure malice I'm no longer being callous, I'm a let you niggaz have it Won't be satisfied 'til somebody dies and I'm patient Waitin on me and the reaper on a first name basis Now, I'm a let you make it now, stay totally out the way for you But know that we can take it any place you wanna take it to Hatin in your blood cuz, guess it's just too late for you All I could do is pray for you or organize a wake for you Your choice, clearly I ain't hearin your voice Keep it up and I'm a send your ass to kill with Aunt Joy Hey, you can have the bottom partner I'm a bring the sky box I got, shit locked down, nigga why stop now? I'm so above you hover over suckers why drop down I'm so profound, it goes down and The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Rick Ross Album: King Uncaged/Pledge Allegiance to the Swag 12" Song: Pledge Allegiance to the Swag 12" Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Uh-huh, ay count that money for me partner Ay Ross make sure that nigga got that shit right, ya hear me? Ay, when that muh'fucker go ding ("J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League") {*ding*} That's 150 thou', yeah That shit should add up to 'bout 5.4 man I'll be right back, I'm finna go get dressed Uh-huh, tell nigga gas up the jet [Chorus: T.I.] I stay on my grind cause that come first If he get outta line his feelings finna get hurt All that's on my mind is get that dough You try me I'ma take you places you don't wanna go 50, 60 stacks or mo' and I'm in yo' town Just to shake a booty hole, butt finna go down Hear that click-clack roll, better get back fast At attention when you see me, pledge allegiance to the swag Pledge allegiance to the swag - ay pledge allegiance to the swag Pledge allegiance to the swag - yeah pledge allegiance to the swag I pledge allegiance to the swag - I pledge allegiance to the swag I pledge allegiance to the swag, pledge allegiance to the swag Pledge allegiance to the swag [T.I.] Ay, I do my thang, you don't know? Off the muh'fuckin chain, play the game how it go I ain't in a gang, still I'm a problem on the low Whip them thangs well, just know I know who got it for the low Triple O.G. so, sucka free, I, swear You don't know me homie, you can get the fuck from round here I don't care, who you is, who you with or who you know Let's be clear, I'm a muh'fuckin G and you a hoe Keep that Remy XO, poured up, bankroll swole up Smell money in the air soon as I roll up Heyyyyy, I'm the coolest in the city bitch While you lames trippin on that goofy stupid silly shit Ha ha ha, who you ever seen it really did? Super fly filthy rich, illy with a killer shit Came in this bitch with my ego and got cash I demand you to raise yo' hand and pledge allegiance to the swag nigga [Rick Ross] Rozay! Rozay! Rozay! T.I., I got you nigga! These other motherfuckers gotta bow down Brown bag of money, call me David Copperfield A bitch'll disappear, Lord a bitch'll disappear We control the corners, that's usual politics Push a button from the mansion, hit you with a hollow tip We two different niggaz, I'm servin, he sniffin his And I love that new Bugatti how that bitch be shiftin gears Movin how I move I fuck with a selected few Aviators and Audemars, the bezel fluorescent blue Down South nigga had to climb up out the barrel Outfox these niggaz, now we rock out on apparel Pledge allegiance to the swag cause this shit is top notch Jumpin in and out of bitches like I'm playin hopscotch Jumpin in and out of sixes like I got a car lot And I got the type of digits that your bitch'll dial by, die by Young niggaz bow down to the kings In the presence of a don, pay respect, kiss my ring [Chorus] w/ ad libs [T.I.] Ay, ay the Enzo off set, neck, wrist frostbit Deal ain't a hundred mil', ya ain't talkin 'bout shit Nigga wanna beef he get the whole cow quick If you talkin 'bout some paper step into my office - baow! On some penthouse shit, rentin out chicks Fuck 'em from behind they be spittin out dick - blaow! Excuse me now but if I may make an announcement Don't smoke no mo' but when I did I was blowin ounces of gas, ask the feds what I had when they found me We down with whatever, just don't interrupt my countin Ballin on a daily basis, call my accountant Only time you make it rain's throwin change in a fountain Flow sick, crazy, deranged, need counsellin He say I ain't all that, she say I'm astoundin Them lames out, G's in, square's out of season When you see my swag nigga pledge yo' allegiance! [Outro: T.I.] Ay my nigga I'm talkin stars and stripes, youknow'msayin? You come fuck with me on that bullshit you'll be seein stars and stripes nigga You understand that? Nigga say I'm lyin Nigga think it's a game if you want to partner Ay Ross, I see you my nigga I bump that "Maybach Music" my nigga when I'm playin music in my Maybach, you dig? Ay listen, all you other sucker ass niggaz homeboy I don't see you dawg, you transparent translucent dawg My nigga get out my way my nigga Let money get through here dawg, you understand? Say, you niggaz ain't even on my muh'fuckin résumé dawg Ay my nigga, if I did take you out the game my nigga it was my muh'fuckin pleasure to muh'fuckin move you out my Goddamn way my nigga Youknow'msayin? Nigga say no more holmes Nigga you couldn't died in the hands of better man, youknow'msayin? Ha ha ha, nigga I'm the best thing that ever happen to you nigga, you know? Say homeboy, nigga my worst muh'fuckin mistake was the best you could ever hope for Nigga you understand that? I forgot more shit than you could remember nigga You know? Nigga, I got more money in my muh'fuckin change drawer  than you got in your Goddamn bankroll nigga Nigga anytime you want to nigga, I'll match my change to your muh'fuckin dollars nigga See who come up first nigga, youknow'msayin? Big bank take little bank nigga, what's up nigga? These niggaz thought I was just talkin  when I came in this muh'fucker talkin that 'caine shit nigga Look at me now nigga, what you see nigga? Huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, get your pen out take notes nigga Don't hate nigga, ha! Fuck that bullshit, partner It's the muh'fuckin - ay man, Jay, ay Jay talkin 'bout Jay say he made "The Blueprint" my nigga, this the muh'fuckin foundation nigga Okay? Yeah, e'rything else would be built up off of this shit nigga Already, yeah, yeah, say no mo' nigga E'rything understood don't need to be explained Ross I got you nigga, say no mo', it's all good my nigga Grand Hustle, P$C for life bitch nigga Westside, Zone One Bankhead nigga! Cap, I told you! Didn't I muh'fuckin tell you? Yeah, aight then, I'll holla at y'all niggaz on the motherfuckin flipside nigga A hundred mil' or plus nigga, or bust nigga, bitch nigga AY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Uncaged Song: Ya Hear Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] Yeah, ay, ay That's right, yeah [T.I.] Hoppin out a dropped Impala, pants hangin to my ankles Feel 'em hate from every angle, they intimidated, and uh I'm a beast, they don't like to see me walkin out of prison I ain't trippin, I don't owe 'em nothin but an ass whippin What you lookin at? Girl you better cut the television on Don't wanna show yo' ass, best to get to gettin on home, I'm waitin on ya if you want it I ain't gotta go for bad, I just go for my opponent I ain't lookin for no trouble, I ain't duckin none either Say a nigga jumpin ship I say so fuck 'em, I don't need 'em Still greet 'em, with the same smile like I used to Get wild if you choose to, I ain't fin' to shoot you End up head bust, bloody nose, loose tooth Whoop a nigga ass by himself or with a group too Who, fight back, hoe it's like that Where my knife at? Shawty I'll be right back [Chorus: T.I.] Fresh out the box I'ma mash out, ya hear me? This year a hundred mil' I'ma cash out, ya hear me? Today a 100 K ain't nothin to brag 'bout, ya hear me? The king pullin rank, big bank take little bank Fresh up out the box I bet I mash out, ya hear me? This year a hundred mil' I'ma cash out, ya hear me? Today a 100 K ain't nothin to brag 'bout, ya hear me? Rollin through your hood, can you hear me now? Goooood [T.I.] We gon' do it big like we did befo', fresh off a case +ASAP+, +Motivation+ hoe, guess that's all it take They got they ass with my poker face Wait 'til they get a load of me like The Joker say (ha ha ha ha ha ha) A lot of talkin that bullshit'll pass but it ain't today Gon' be a cold day{?}, man down, like Frankie say Ay, at the lair where the players meet So all squares kick rocks with your bare feet, bitches cherish me Came back, nigga raise up Safe to say them suckers wanna see me caged up - that chapter's over Pass the mic and set the stage up, throw your A's up Tell my P.O. I don't blaze up, Pee Wee fire the haze up They praise us cause old heads recognize the G in him Black card, +No Limit+ like P and them Ain't nobody seein him - who fuckin with shawty When we pull up bitches yell out "O.M.G." just like my daughter and them [T.I.] I'm in a jet black Camaro with my eyes on the sparrow They say I can't have no pistol so I bought a bow and arrow I'm just waitin, niggaz say it ain't the same and I get back See ain't a damn thang change but my six pack Heh, you want wreck you can get that But all the disrespectin shawty I ain't with that And partner I ain't fin' to chit-chat Comin where a nigga had to break him off a piece like a Kit Kat Tell them cats bless me to impress me Best leave or get wet like a jetski Overseas where you catch me And when they holla King nigga they don't mean Elvis Presley Hard body lumped up, chest like a dumb truck Keep the sword on me shawty, this ain't what you want bruh I ain't gotta bust ya, if you close enough you get stuck Leave a nigga drippin like a sippy cup, pick 'em up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: King Uncaged Song: Yeah Ya Know (Takers) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - T.I. - talking] Damn, has it been that long? (haha) Say what happened since I've been gone, homie? Y'all got the game all wrong man, it's too pretty in here Let's say we take it back to the trap one time (hey!) [Chorus - T.I.] - w/ ad libs I went from rollin with them rocks on the block To controllin my position at the top of every chart and I will not stop, bopper We rock, then we roll, then you stop and we don't and we blow Yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know Yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know First we rock, then we roll, then you stop and we don't (we don't), we  blow (we blow), ya know [Verse 1 - T.I.] In the middle of the fight, I'm so cool (yeah), everybody wonder how I go through (what?) All of this, half of which would have broke you Came out smellin like a rose and got more jewels (haha) Worldwide, bicostal, local, niggaz all respect, in case the boy go postal 'Cause I ain't got a damn minute, ain't no 'tude You know Bankhead ain't raise no fool Playin poker with the Devil, goin all in Kickin doors over just to let my dogs in So many rides, never catch a nigga walkin In a G5 tryin to fit a bunch of broads in Then, we landin laughin (haha). chicks with fantastic asses Extravagent habits, as if we've never seen tragic happen (hey!) Make magic happen with cash I'm actually catchin Magic In the market for lavish mansions and NBA expansions I was cussin out felons in '04, so know dough ain't shit to me Way past expectancy but ain't even half as big as a nigga fittin to be, just so [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - T.I.] Hey, so fly, why would I wanna land for? Everything you could ask for and more Your choice, you could even be a fan or Hate to see a nigga get a hundred grand for Bein the motherfuckin man, won't stand for The rap wars, all the goin back and forth Nip it in the bud, kill it like cancer But when it rain, then it pours, that's for damn sure In France, bonjour merci oui The same people on tour, on TV They signed him, should of kept your reciept Got a refund, 'cause he sure can't see me Who keeps CDs on repeat? Stuck in MP3's to 3 weeks? At the gates on the day I was released The only time you will ever see me free Big money J, much as you can get for me Atlantic Records said just make another hit for me I tell ‘em cut a hundred million dollar check for me Like it or not, don't lose no respect for me Never mind what I did, 'cause the best comin I'm the King and the game like chess to me So put the cash in the bag, give the rest to the Attendant puttin gas in the jet for me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - T.I.] I got a new swag and it's a new day Here we go again Toomp, what it do J? (what up Toomp?) If you recall, I'm the one you used to move yay Now I got a new Audemars with a blue face Hoppin on a G4 jet, no suitcase Whole new wardrobe and a new face Change clothes if a stain on my shoelace T.I. raw like sushi, touché If the King ain't back, who the hell am I? Bringin homicide to the game, no alibi Can't tell a lie to the judge, I'm guilty Your Honor, do you mind but the guy tried to kill me I could still be, in a trap now AK 'round, little yay 'round 100K downstairs by the trey pound But if they wonderin who runnin the A now? [Chorus - T.I.] - w/ ad libs You know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know Yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know, yeah ya know First we ride, then we roll, then you stop and we don't and we blow [Break - T.I.] - 2X - w/ ad libs Say you know that we rock, in control we don't stop We gon' blow when we drop, let you know we on top First we ride, then we roll, then you stop and we don't and we blow Yeah ya know [Outro - T.I. - talking] Prison ain't change me, it made me worse, right Pop? If I want it, I'm a come get it I ain't askin for it, I'm a take it We takers nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I f/ Cam'Ron, Juelz Santana Album:  Koch Compilation  Song:   Crown Me Typed by: ll_Dalinkuent_ll@yahoo.com   [Verse 1: T.I.] Sit back, toss dice in a knick trap Serve thick crack in white T's and fitted caps These sick reps, this my life you just spit raps I been a hustler all my life gimme six stacks Cop my self a quarter kite I can flip that Cook it till its solid white tell ?em hit that Big fat Os of that solid hard git that Those slangin blow on a boulevard knick sacks Just as big around as a Tylenol, hit that Nigga with the Yay tell him now bring a brick back Now I'ma move it by day nigga 6 max And ain't no runnin' off with yay shootin' big straps 40 cals, Sk's with no kick back Get you get your shit sacks right where your dicks at and I don't think your clicks just supposed to forget that I gotta a gauge for that day you want some git back While we sprayin all you niggas sayin git back Duck down nigga, naw what now nigga you was talking plenty shit but you aint tough now nigga You don't know the click, I got enough wild niggas that'll  Hit you then ride you to another town nigga Dig a hole, throw you in it for a half a brick a blow Man, Rappin' and Movies is all these niggas know Swear to God He niggas true fags Certified Douche Bags.. [Verse 2: Juelz Santana] Yea You don't know what that new glock do You don't know how to count chump, 2 times 2 You don't know what the grimin's like or that new rock do You don't know what it is to see that shoe box full Chump, you don't know what that oo op do Have your block like oo aa oo Who shot who Yea, I leave the gun there so the police think you shot you Then hop in a coupe and do my due I pimp most of these bitches, really open these bitches Ask about me, you thought Pretty Tony was vicious Man I'm that times 2 So please homey, cuff your bitch and let that guy through Let that guy move Let that guy go Man that guy crazy Let that guy know Cat got rabbies Yea mac got Amy Shots that ready to pop and hatch like babies I lock the block down Like a jailhouse lockdown Cops found razors in the mattress I let the 8 boop off at your face dude Have you comin out the speakers like the base do I'm a mothafucken beast and animal 2003, the street's new hannible Man I show you what the piece and hammer do Raise my arm with the piece and hammer you Let the 8 spread, off at your face head Watch your face shead sorta like snake's shead Im gorrilla born, lion hearted, ape bread 2 minded, eagle eyed, beatle side, snake head And I play dead, just to fool you, just to move you All that just to shoot you Fall Back, this kid is cuocoo [Verse 3: Cam'Ron] Cha ching, I'm in Bling my rims I sing they spin But my 2 nine M's, they the ying yang twins Cuz they Skeet, Skeet, Skeet, Skeet, from the window to the wall From the ceiling to the floor With a feeling when you ball Make your mom cling Im into don things Don Don, Donna Karren, Don Cornelius, Don King But follow Jon Gotti, Joe Pesci, armed robbery Hard body, body hard doggy fuck up your bodyguard Dolly call us the shotty ma Yall'll call up the squally squaw Prolly hard, get it all the squally in the party pa Right in the hamerstein Gasoline, tear gas, pepper seed, tear fast Knight sticks tear ass Cuff ?em and chief goes Damn gun that he reach for Hammer hit with the cheap blow Man its nothing I eat those Then I piss off my fowl, I lay for it Car, Crib, credit, A 1 steak sauce Ima straight boss, great loft, great Porsche, golf course, race horse, Aqueduct, Ray Soft And I make one call to get the pussy poppin Call your girl, pop that pussy wanna pussy pop And a hoochie split it, dookie hit it, booby hit it Her booby wanna back the coochie play some luchie wit it Booby at this thing, damn he all moody with it She ain't all that in that car I say Suzuki civic I make a movie with it just to get my point across Dog hand cuffin' god damn join the force Mommy, come join the boss Stick your tongue out and toing a toing a toing on my dick till your voice get hoarse Once again I gotta tell you that the boy's a boss I employ the force Half a mil on lawyer Cost Killa, Killa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Bounce Like This Typed by: Dre20041286@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Chinchilla to the floor, Cigarillo full of dro White Benz double doors, I could change colors though Blue Ferrari, red Bent, black truck on 24's Several Cheverolet's on 20 inches maybe more Used to wish for better days, now I'm wishin' never more I could go buy anything, stick my dick in every hoe Grand Hustle on everything, P$C in every store Sellin everything from rubberbands to leather coats Swear to God I never change, jealous niggaz never know T.I.P. ain't never been a lame, jigalow since '84 Blessed with astonishing ability to pull a hoe Fuck her so, good make her think this dick was full of Moe Pussy so, good but I love it when she suck it slow (OH) Her motto you don't swallow what you suckin' for (OH) My motto you ain't ballin' what you hustle for The VVS's let off such a glow to let these bustas know Hey! Hey! Hey shawty bounce like this just bounce let me see you bounce like this Hey! Hey! Hey shawty bounce like this just bounce tell that bitch to bounce like this Hey! Hey! Hey shawty bounce like this just bounce all my nigga bounce like this Hey! Hey! Hey shawty bounce like this just, bend it over and make it bounce like this [Verse 2] I give you 30 seconds show me what you got could you Bend it over for me drop it like its hot could you Wiggle your titties a little lift your top get you to Bust it open show your panties and your ass for me Actually I was thinking you, Kim, and Daphine In the back with me, lickin' on the bottom half of me Answer me first know that sayin no is blaspheme Me I'm pussy pumper number one you can ask for me I knew how you danced for me that you had plans for me Save the conversation get your partner out them pants for me Damn honey, you'd be a fool if you ran from me You ain't fuckin wit another dummy I'm the man honey Im tryin' to give it to you 'till it make you stand funny (OH) Throw that pussy right and maybe you can get a grand from me (OH) (HA!!) Picture pimpin givin' you some damn money Not a one thin dime but your ass is fine [hook] Now shawty bounce with me bounce with me, let me see you see you bounce with me bounce with me Now shawty bounce with me bounce with me, let me see you let me bounce with me bounce with me [Verse 3] Hey shawty stall if you want to I ball when I want to Could fall through and shut down the mall if I want to I could make your girlfriend choose but I want you Why you bother me with what you will and you won't do Listen shawty I'm a grown man and you grown too You can leave with me I ain't gotta telephone you All I'm thinking 'bout is me layin on you Or vice versa with a lot of ass to hold on to I got somethin' for that ass to bounce onto You missin the chance of a lifetime why don't you Hop off in the droptop, ride through the city lights Take you where I kick it let you see what pimpin living like Pop one of these then we'll see what you feeling like Takin off your clothes wanna know what its drilling like Presidential suite at the very end of the night Treat you like a freak and give you what was missing in your life [hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.G., Big Kuntry, Young Dro, Young Jeezy Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Top Back (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Young Jeezy & T.I.] Crem' de la crem' homey, top shelf you know I like my beat down low, down low, down low, down low down low, down low, down low, I like my top let back Let back, let back, let back let back, let back Chea you already know what this shit is nigga, remix nigga Mannie Fresh, T.I.P whatup nigga?, I got'cha nigga I'ma show these niggaz what to do on you nigga.. [Young Jeezy] I let my chain hang low get that thing up on my waist All then haters talkin reckless tell 'em say it to my face Can see a bankroll yeah I almost caught a case It's the remix so Mannie Fresh drop the bass I say now twenty-eight inches got me sitting so high Reach straight up through the clouds God damn I'm in the sky Got my eighty-seven zone God dammit I'm fly Bet you anything won't nann' nigga try it I push the look come wednesday the drop that Monday Ice cream Impala same color as a sundae So you can miss me with that hatin and that "He can't rap shit" Tell them faggot-ass niggaz wrap they lips around my dick God damn my money sick, ayy I need to see a doctor Black on black Bentley call it "Phantom of the Opera" Lemon lime droptop I call it a Sprite When I pull out the garage you can call it at night [Chorus: repeat 2X] I like my beat down low and my top let back Can see me ridin 24's with a chopper in the back You like your Kenwood hot and your top let back If your rims sit high and your windows pitch black [Young Dro] DRO! My trunk gon' break the damn law I'm ridin through the hood with eighths of damn raw Them twenty-sevens tall but them eights are damn raw Bitches know they see the platinum is grey like grandpa Spray the Chevy all kinda sour apple colors Diamonds up in my charm look like pineapple suckers Tec-9 for some, mac-90 for others Leave the weapon on Bucatti's I got on my Danny Glovers Nah this ain't a movie but I shot "4 Brothers" And plus I gotta Chevelle that flop four colors Cars without the covers, my beat down low I let my rims sit high I'm the best thing blowin now Dro!! [Big Kuntry] I got my treble up high and my beat down low I don't slam no doors hop in where the roof go What I need a roof fo', replace it with the sky Streets be mine with that Georgia on my mind I ride in the wettest paint, like I'm surfin on a tidal wave Cocaine whip yeah straight out the microwave Man in the trunk sound like the man knockin Five pass rockin with stacks in my pockets [Verse 4: B.G.] I got money in my pocket and mind on whoa! To hear myself think I like my beat down low Cigarello full of 'dro and the chevy two-toned It's sittin on chrome that's how I get my roll on Gotta dip through the hood you know Gizzle keep it real I see some hot girls so I'm a turn it up a lil' Let them bounce to the music ba-bounce to the beat The top down hop in and ride with a G [T.I.] Even though I like my beat down low and my top let back Chrome feet down low and my impala wet back Ditch or dash, hit the gas tell them niggaz check that Make them bitches sit back woofers give 'em wet cast Comin down in a Chevy motor sound like it very tight It is you can tell I hear the tire yellin er' lane And the way they ain't kickin I bet You could still hear it loaf of bread I cut it up a bit I get left feel here Okay my money real big, choppers is still here They catch me with it fuck it I'm doing my lil bit And my drop top ridin with my glock cocked ridin I'm looking for them niggaz where they at stop hidin hey! Now that's a motherfuckin remix nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: My Air Forces (Single) Song: My Air Forces Typed by: lilgeminiash13@aol.com (T.I. talking) Bet yall niggas don't remember these wit Run-DMC... Naw, I ain't wit dem no mo...What they is now...MY AIR FORCES [Verse One] Walk through the hood at night I dont like 'em laced tight, but they feel alright Outta sight, all white, steeping swaging my strap I got the four in my lap cause I stay in the trap Like guess and heavy starch thrity-four in the way With thrirty six so I can fit this forty-four on my waste If I waste something one 'em I'ma throw 'em away Pull a fresh pair out the trunk, and buy some more in a day And I wear'em like I bought 'em, I don't lace 'em or nuthin' Got bitches wonderin' why I don't call, I don't chase 'em or nuthin' Funky fresh MC, I bet you see T.I.P with a fresh new pair of Nike Airs on his feet And when you see me in the streets, you know you looked at a star The way the Congo and Polo the checks is even matching my car Ahhhh, back to the subject though I just letting you know about my air forces Don't care how many shoes I get, when all else fails dem the shoes I pick And I walk like so I don't bruise my kicks I got alot but none fit like my Air Forces Brand new O-Eyed Benz Where in less there ain't a pair in every store I been Gotta outfit, wanna make sure I'm fresh Well you know I gotta go get my Air Forces [Verse Two] All white trimmed in gray Bubbled laced to the top on with me All day, collecting pay in the ass of a jay Or any sucka nigga trying to get in my way Stay kicking this muthafucking G.A. clay With a limp and a sway and I don't play Hoes keep asking pimp why the the same 'ol shoes? Bitch, I'm four pairs deep and I done paid my do's (My Air Forces) Call number one like me Hanging out the Chevy door when I stomp on the street Concaine white leather feel good one my feet Heyyyy, they ganranteed to keep you from the police With bold they aint scuffed The strap holding me up My shoulder boy-cut Who need platuim wwith super Dave, when dem boys be stuntin' Nigga I'm just ballin' it up in my Air Forces [Verse Three] Stepping in my Air Force Ones, hat to the right plus I got my gun Headed to the weed house to cop me a sack Bumped into this bitch I knew from way back Now I'm smoking good kicked back and I'm ridin' Police pull me over and I had to jump up out it Bail to the spot, had to shake these damn polls Forces fucked up and I done lost my dro All white and gray with dem bubble shoe laces Even got dem blue ones for the special occasion ATL fitted with the guess get a map  Pussy ass twidded em put a hole in my lap Now I gotta situation at hand Guess I gotta take it back to the old plan Forces get my payment trying to catch a ride Thats why I stay down wit my Air Forces The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Mack 10, Trick Daddy, Twista Album: Rubber Band Man (Remix) 12" Song: Rubber Band Man (Remix) Typed by: letsplayamtrak@aol.com, birdroadpimp13@aol.com [Intro - T.I.] Is that T.I. over there? is that him? Is that you? Rubber Band Man Boyyyyyy..... is that T.I.? Whoooo.. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Remix Playa, yeah, y'all already know what it is man T.I.P, came from the south, Rubber Band man boyyyyy... Connected with my folk from the West Mack  My folk from the Chi' Twista And T Double D, from the bottom [Hook - T.I.] Rubber Band man, wild as the Taliban Nine in my right, forty-five in my other hand I'm in trouble man, always in trouble man Worth a couple hundred grand Chevy's all colors man, who I'm isss...? [Verse One - T.I.] I'm young pimpin', way out of ya vision  don't set your sights on my position, I'm way out ya division I was grindin' while you was tryin' to figure out your division I'm sittin' on the block and watchin' hustlas makin' and killin' until I, jumped in the game without my uncle's permission Makin', solvin' my family's wishes through whatever conditions I'm workin' trappin' servin' kitchens with intentions to get in my mittens under cover millions workin' off of comission  everyday I'm on a mission with heavy haters so listen Divide it, flip it, weigh and ship it, 'til you cook it and sniff it When I talk, G's listen they can see I been livin' the same, life that I'm spittin' I ain't frontin' and trippin' I came, out of the trap I ain't come here to visit I named the album Trap Muzik 'cause I'm being specific To my niggaz still investin' in caine I'm wearin' rubber bands just out of respect for the game [Verse Two - Mack 10] (T.I.) (Who I'm isss...) Mack the dope mayn Who bang is the game and we 'bout heroine you jam in your fame It's simple and plain my cocaine off the chain My ballin' fatsbreak, you got that half-court game Y'all just talkin' and ramblin' ain't really grindin' and gamblin'  but in my hood, the kids is all black like gramlin Stay scramblin', hustle hard on the boulevard Rob ya, leave ya scarred, and pull ya whole card I got that wizerk, dawg I got them birdies that don't chizerp Bought an X pill filthy green and the purple sizzurp And no matter where I'm at, is west coast or up front I'm low key I can't stunt and move a hundred bricks a month In the east they like my swagger, them broads be up on me In the south they love me, cause I'm down and dirty homie And if you get it how you live as a gangsta then stand up Mack10 a 'D boy', so my cash is rubberbanned up [Verse Three - Trick Daddy] (T.I.) (Who I'm isss...) I represent for the Tre-o-five Down with the rubberband man, y'all call him young T.I. See I been an O.G., far from O.D.'n and this is T double D don't even call me Maurice, now listen My description is tall, dark, skinny, and ill-mannered a hood negro with a little bit of spanish be like Say yo papi, I got, yayo papi if your price is right come on down and y'all copy watch me, I'm gettin' money like it's 1984 got so much cash Bill Gates could kiss my ass (yeah) I'm such a player they call me Juan Pierre been ballin' since my younger years like ya boy Cabrera I ain't no sentimental nigga, I'm sittin' on spinners nigga and when I'm, draggin' my denim don't you bustas try to get 'em mmm.. I'm from the parts where the stars like them (??) stars quality sound beatin' down each and every car [Verse Four - Twista] (T.I.) (Who I'm isss...)I'm a windy city man, the one that take sip and run it to the brain love to get it crunk in the south where my cousins from, and shawty shake that thang take the hipno' to the dome, smokin when I'm rollin, wood on chrome thump if it ain't Kamikaze or Trap Muzik then I dont put it on when I'm on the court call my pacman, yell out that I got that dro', watchin for that po' you can get that Jag for a hundred but I'm givin out the ounces for fo', let a nigga kno' Call me the rain man from the place where they gang bang where them thangs bang, and the brains hang, where we gotta main-tain Can I cutt and hit it girl, come on let me get it get it girl I love the girls from New Orleans, to ATL, to St. Louis, and the "the Windy City" girls Blow fire man, when that hoe slide down the pole like a fireman smoke dro so fire we could throw it at the wall it stick like spiderman 'Cause you messin with the 'icky, hit the tip up in the alley for the fifty steady ballin in the club sippin moet and crissy, come on y'all kick it with me why, cause it ain't no thang man, Twista gone chop that change man cause I'm number one on Billboard with a bullet but I ain't gone change man [Hook - Twista] I'm the Slow Jam man, rollin' wit' the rubber band man Got some niggas in my right with a Three Fifty-seven off in my other hand (Who I'm isss..) I'm in trouble man, always in trouble man Worth a couple hundred grand Chevy's all colors man, who I'm isss..? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ T.I. Album: Self Made Vol. 2 Song: Bury Me a G Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Rick Ross] They told me it's never too late for PRAYER~! {M-M-Maybach Music} WELL LOOORD! Pray for us niggas Cause we ready to die for this shit [Chorus: Rick Ross] If I die tonight I pray I get buried in clean drawers Line us all up, just bury me with my dawgs If I die tonight I pray I get buried in clean drawers Line us all up, just bury me with my dawgs Bury me with my dawgs, bury me with my dawgs Line us all up, bury me with my dawgs Bury me with my dawgs, bury me with my dawgs Line us all up, bury me with my dawgs [Rick Ross] I look to my left, I look to my right All I see is my blood, all I see is my life If it go down tonight, my nigga look out for momma Been robbing my whole life, I gotta look out for karma Selling them white squares I swear I'm well prepared Fifty in my chopper whoever could go to hell Chopper still heat seeking, block getting hotter When them niggas go to beefing, slide me til we got 'em {*dog sounds*} [T.I.] Aight partna... ay Machine gun man, seen him on the news (who me?) Every gun I had was one the home invaders couldn't use (hah, hah, hah) Had a nigga catch me slipping, I refuse, not a chance (nah, nah) Listen dude, Tip can use any tool known to man (ay, ay, ay) And don't think that I can't hit you just cause it ain't in my hand (say what?) Got a sniper, drop your ass where you stand, understand? (Bow) Fifty cal with a scope and a chopper (hey), boy you got to  Plan a way straight to the undertaker, know me for the doctor (AY) Should I die, lay me next to my daughter Lelah and my partner (what it is) Rap your ass off somethin' proper with that BLOCKA, BLOCKA, BLOCKA! Did just what I gotta do, it's me or you and boy I'm saying (HAH) Know that ATF listening, I'm just playing, I'm just playing {M-M-Maybach Music} Artist: T.I.P. f/ Beanie Sigel Album: Shaft soundtrack Song: 2 Glock 9's Typed By: joe.bloe@sympatico.ca [T.I.P.] Yo Beanie Sigel T.I.P. King of the South (?) P.A., Roc-A-Fella, Ghetto Vision What we got for 'em (?) [Hook] Two Glock nines Any motherfucker whisperin about mine[x4] [Beanie Sigel] Yo ay yo you sure about that You wanna know about the MAC To I show at ya front make you go outcha back Blow through your front make it go outcha back Ay yo I let fifty shots blow out the MAC Dogg ain't nutin' slow about the MAC And dogg ain't nutin' ho about the MAC Man I come through with them heats Come in a few jeeps Like Phez come through in they suite And you know how we play When we poppin' them Glocks Take it to the AK  Chopper the block And to the S.W.A.T.'s Helicopter the block And them put you on the news Wasn't proper to watch You know I act like my clips I'm bananas Catch me in your strip all black in bandanas I dare a nigga act retarted So I can let this tar lift you off your feet like Vince Carter [Hook] Two Glock nines Any motherfucker whisperin about mine[x4] [T.I.P.] Oh I'm a motherfuckin' G nigga Fuckin' with me I'm a make it so tomorrow you'll be lucky to see Have a nigga clutchin' his knee Strugglin' to breathe Make the gat splatter your blatter Like a kidney disease Yeah I know you're holdin' weight So just gimme the keys Or these motherfuckers with you are fin to whitness ya bleed Paramedics cuttin' ya jeans Rippin' ya sleeves Put your ass in a body bag, zip it and leave Ain't no motherfucker do it like I do You and your nigga runnin' up Put two in him and two in you I put a nigga at the bed like a child with the flu Put hit out on that bucket and runnin' wild with your crew Put this thang to your head Put your brains on the roof Here now we ain't the same Y'alls is liars and we the truth Now that you know the scoop What you wanna do nigga He ain't makin' money on this corner too nigga Why not 'cause I got [Hook] Two Glock nines Any motherfucker whisperin about mine[x4] [T.I.P.] Ay nigga ya act bad Me and MAC comin' in two Jags Put another two in your new blue dew rag Nigga brag if you wanna We'll blast on ya corner The nigga ain't fast well his ass is a goner [Beanie Sigel] Ay yo I keep two Glock nines Niggas tryin' to watch mine Tryin' to stop mine See where I stock mine But I pop mine And I pop moms And I don't pop  Throwin' cops where your block rhyme [T.I.P.] Say, a nigga tryin' me He'll find me Bustin' away a blind bee With thirty niggas And sixty triggas standin' behind me The nine be cocked And we are riding Bustin' in them bushes where you are hiding [Beanie Sigel] Ay yo I got a hundred niggas With a fuckin' hundred gats Who want the shit Where their motherfuckin' stomach at Don't bitch when that eye be in you And I'll take somethin' from you only god can give you [Hook] Two Glock nines Any motherfucker whisperin about mine[x4] [Beanie Sigel] We ain't playin' with y'all partner This dead serious so please believe it T.I.P., Beanie Sigel, P.A. Ghetto Vision, Roc-A-Fella Man it's outrageous And we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Akon Album:  Southern Smoke 32 Song:   The Champ Is Here Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook, Akon) When they tell you that you'll never get over Just tell them you're number one You're a champion Don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over Just tell them you're number one You're a champion (Verse 1, T.I.) See the web site's lyin Tryin'a block my shine Don't you know you never gonna stop my grind In a drop top flyin like I don't got time Got everybody surprised that I won't drop dimes What's on yo mind? Keep me off it At least quit lyin if you must keep talkin Gone with the nine, see I just keep walkin Before I have you suin' sendin lawyers to the office A lot of y'all, that's why I don't like that shawty A couple months off, I'll be right back shawty With a brand new swag, and a brand new 40 And a brand new ride, give a damn who saw it Nation wide move, nigga, yeah you saw it Shawty need a body gaurd for his body guard, don't he? Tip fallin off, sound kinda hard don't it? Y'all hate to see me ball Take it up with God, homie (Hook, Akon) I can see it in your eyes It ain't hard to tell They watchin you They just tellin you lies They want you to fail They plottin on you Soooooo Don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over Just tell them you're number one You're a champion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Eminem Album: That's All She Wrote 12" Song: That's All She Wrote (Original Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus One: T.I.] Now I don't really care what you call me Just as long as you don't call me rude I bet they knew as soon as they saw me Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote The streets like cold Chicago Ain't nothin new, I seen it all befo' But still I ball like no tomorrow Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [Interlude: T.I.] All she wrote, all she wrote I said it's over with, that's all she wrote All she wrote, all she wrote Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote [T.I.] Yeah, ay It's stupid how I go in knowin everybody knowin that I'm sewin up the game, destroyin life, they hate me for it Eventually see they can't beat then with me they join Others sworn under oath or banished left completely scorn You tell lies, get cut, nigga kick rocks You never did blend in with the big shots On a fast track, ain't no need for no pit stop I just laugh at, nigga wishin they was this hot Guess they mad at me, huh? Really pissed off Better that than pissed on; I'm the Jetsons you the Flintstones Catch me in the end zone, high-steppin primetime Thought you niggaz been known, ain't no blockin my shine Like my new Air Yeezy's you can see me in the nighttime I get rich off livin life, you check-to-check recitin rhymes So call me what you want, wanna hate? Have a nice time While I get stupid paper, hey my dough ain't in its right mind, mind, mind [Chorus One] [Eminem] Man Tip told me on this hoe tip, best tip I can give you  to hip you is never to let these tricks trick you Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love you slut, shit Dig a hole, take this shovel and dig you some dignity bitch Shit you talk about some advice that sticks with you If I should listen to anyone tell me to stick to my guns like double stick, it's you But fuck it Tip, it's cool - I'm chillin like a villain like The Penguin in his fuckin igloo eatin fudgescicles I'd rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love wit'chu 'Fore I tie a fuckin knot I'd tie you in one, bitch you think this is some Nintendo game, how fuckin dumb is you? I'll give you some lumps, 'fore I split some lump sums wit'chu So here's a penny for your thoughts but it won't buy you a cheeseburger But a nickel might just get you one pickle Fuck it it's official so blow the whistle I got a trust issue, there's a bombshell, SCUD missile Like I just cuss at you to fuckin cuss at you Like before I rapped I was a motherfuckin stud, slut this'll teach you not to come drunk stumblin my way, for shizzle I still live like I bought you the Gilbert slots check stub bizzle So fuck Sizzlers, these checkers'll bust like a BLOOD blister! [Chorus Two: Eminem] Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold These bitches know soon as they saw me It's never me they'll get the privilege to know I roll like a desperado I don't ever know where I'm finna go Still I ball like there's no tomorrow Until it's over and that's all she wrote [T.I.] The credit rollin, curtain closin, movie over with (that's it) But don't get mad at me, go blame the chick who wrote this shit Your life is sure a bitch, but she know I'm rich (I'm rich) That's why she give me what I want and I just throw her dick Here I go again, I kick this shit, dividend got it pourin in Peso, euro, yen - ah-ha I'm paid, never gon' be broke again See me posted in, anythang, wearin any chain Never gon' see me totin anythang, all you gon' see is BANG! It's so nice where I kick it, hate you never get to visit Yeah I'm on another level but you niggaz still can get it It's all over 'fore you finished, sorry bro this where we end it Won't give you the satisfaction of me giving you the business [Eminem] Yeah I guess life is a bitch, ain't it Tip? And each one thinks they the shit Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my hankerchief I'm givin these hoes a dose of they own medicine, let 'em get a good taste of it I'm sure you got that relationship memo by now but in case you didn't This shit's so bad better stick your nose to your forehead and staple it Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wastin it So I pace this shit a little bit quicker, that clock I'm racin it; double timin it but I still spit triple the amount of insults in a tenth of the time that it may take you pricks to catch on, while you strong-arm like Stretch Armstrong Man I still say K-Mart's like there's an apostrophe-S on it dawg And they say McDonald's isn't a restaurant, well I guess I'm wrong But if you're gonna tell me that A&W ain't the spot for the best hot dogs you can get the F on dawg [Chorus Three: Eminem] + (T.I.) Now I don't really care what you call me You can even call me cold (I bet they knew as soon as they saw me) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) I roll like a desperado And I don't ever know where I'm gonna go (But still I ball like there's no tomorrow) (Good night it's over with, that's all she wrote) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. Album: Warrior's Theme 12" Song: Warrior's Theme Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist You know the streets been fiendin for anotha on of them jackin fa beats ya know So dig mane go on and crank this shit up this year. Lets do it (verse) Aye! Keep my name out ya mouth I done said it before Cause all them games I ain't bout, tell whoeva you know Before I pull this thang out, aim it dead at ya throat Or bring the rifle out the house and put ya head in the scope Pimpin trained for the drama shawty ready to go See me hangin out the Hummer spittin 70 mo' You was talkin bout the drought, I was peddlin snow And I doubt you get some blow fa cheap as I'm sellin it fo' Aye I'm a G, what I'm worried bout a felony fo' When I get free bet I be ballin hard as eva before Got some Chevy's but a Benz what I'm usually in And niggaz hatin on the crew I put a few in the wind Keep it pimpin till the end while you chose to pretend Shot a video in the pen and I'll do it again Made news nation wide from 11 to 10 Headline CNN Peter Jennings and friends nigga I'm so cool been doin this since the old school You turned into a gangsta when ya vocals hit the Pro Tools Haha Looka here man.. So don't get it confused you don't know that dude I'm hard core no gold teeth no tattoos If you don't want no beef nigga don't act rude I got a 4-4 fo' yo attitude We can... Talk or shoot it out whateva you chose Have me back in the county blues on the TV news Only... two rules when you walk in my shoes 1 take no shit number 2 don't lose Im throwed off plum fool nigga loosen my screws I'ma pass my partner the tool leave you wet as a pool Lames get it misconstrued Gs you don't fool I know... bustin a grape is somethin you don't do Supa cool nothin to prove I been bustin the Reugers and givin you bustaz the blues since you was suckaz in school Hey this a situation you gon wish you neva persued You wanna push me, pussy nigga do what you do You think trappin just in my flows nigga oh contrare Been sellin blow since I was 12 years old my dear Bustin Calicos just to let 'em know I'm hear Choppaz in the trunk of every auto I steer While you was in the classroom tryin to pick a career I was sellin glass countin cash drankin a beer I agree this rap beef shit is so last year But ask if I'll tear a new hole in yo ass. Yeah Fa flexin and disrespectin I don't play about dat But no mo questions I got shit else to say about dat But my sentence'll be finished any day and I'm back nigga Laughin at ya sucka ass Hollywood rap niggaz Fakin and they love it but this ain't fa the public So in interviews I choose to stay away from the subject I just prove that I'm the truth if you don't like it then fuck it We can keep it between me and you and this pistol I'm bustin Yeeah! Pussy niggaz ain't fuckin wit me Cause pistol play in broad day that shit ain't nothin to me You need to pinch yaself nigga cause you livin a dream And I'm one of the realest niggaz that this industry seen Think of me as John Gotti wit a Phd Or either Martin Luther King wit a G.A.T I'm ridin clean, paint gleamin blowin T.H.C And for that reason hataz wanna alieviate me But I forgive 'em cause I know it ain't the he hate me He just hate the situation hate that he ain't me OGs say alot of them in me they see Cause I'm a scholar no diploma no GED Now TIP ain't sweet just so y'all know Had to tone it down for ya cause I know y'all slow Niggaz tongue wrestle plenty yeah but they all show Spread gossip like hoes bout what they don't know Got mo lies to tell than a nigga in jail All my niggaz in the streets I know remember me well From how I use to take a key and put the wieght on the scale Now I'm seein how many mill's one record can sell nigga You was on the low discussin a G When urban legend drop we'll see what the discussion'll be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.o.B Album: We Don't Get Down Like Y'all 12" Song: We Don't Get Down Like Y'all Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: B.o.B] We don't get down like y'all No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no, no no n-no n-no-no No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no We don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Hey, it's been a lot of back and forth over this and that So I don't pick the vocal no more, I just give the facts Listen pimpin, let me tell you what the business is Y'all and us, I'ma tell you what the difference is See we old school, you just old news We used to move blow, and you just blow dude See we the talk of the town, me and my whole crew You run around town gossip like the hoes do See you name drop when nobody knows you We get them lames out our section like we 'posed to My crew we cop the Bentley, Brooklyn and the Rolls too You give her roses, I'm the one she bring the rose to So you, say you shinin well I guess I'm shinin more So high up I'm soarin, 30 and I'm like a dinosaur Carnivore, meat eater, G's they respect Me to you like comparin a vet to a cadet, nigga [Chorus: B.o.B] We don't get down like y'all I ball, I do, you talk I'm real, you flawed Pussy nigga, we don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Don't call it a comeback, again right, bein from the Fed pen' Pull up on them suckers, pop the trunk and tell 'em get in Heh, thought I lost a step, well guess again Back to ballin, gettin bread, bring the checks in Yeah, like we did on my last case I show you how to make a blessing out a bad break Ay, let me set you niggaz ass straight Hoes want they clothes back, listen up fag bait Them hot pants bad for your prostate Lime green, hot pink or drag queen, hot date At stores askin for the same size the bitches buy They say it's hip but where I'm from we call it sissyfied [T.I.] Ay, before us there were none, after us no more there'll ever be This the greatest show on Earth you'll ever see I still it for my niggaz in the streets, get into it Blowin money like my nigga Big Meech just to do it Say we blowin money fast, big ol' money bag Three, fo' hundred cash just to make them suckers mad Back in the saddle, the winner of every battle Been the best since I was rappin in the rattle, word travel As you, comment on the rumors or what have you Beware dude, prayer can't prepare you, how dare you disrespect my presence? Peasants I will tear you a new one, I poop on your egos and move on Rolls Royce, back seat, no Grey Poupon A true don, three-piece posh lil' suit on Peons, see it ain't no neon in my new Ones Hear the truth on every song I spew on Blaow~! Hah! [Outro: B.o.B] No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no, no no n-no n-no-no No no no-no no n-n-n-no-no We don't get down like y'all Sucka nigga, we don't get down like y'all [T.I.] Pussy nigga! {*laughing echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ T.I. Album: Hot & Wet Song: It's Goin' Down 2Nite Typed by: diamondgirl3452000@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist It's goin down tonight... Baby I love the way, you're Lookin at me, lookin at me You're so amazing, you gotta Give it to me, give it to me You touch, every single part of me I'll touch, every single part of you I wanna make sure that you're Gonna wanna come back for more Baby I can tell, you're Feelin me, feelin me Your bodies callin What's your fantasy, fantasy You touch, every single part of me I'll touch, every single part of you Hey girl stop playin games And meet me at the door Do you wanna get down... Do you wanna get down Do you wanna get down tonight You can bring your own girl if you like Don't be scared girl, I won't bite Cause I'm gonna bring it out of you All the freaky things inside of you It's going down tonight I said it's goin down tonight Yes, Yes, it's goin down tonight Girl when we meet, you're a Regular girl, regular girl Takin you to places, you've never Been before, been before I'll do, freaky things you like You'll do, freaky things I like I'm gonna make sure that you're Gonna wanna come back for more Let's try to keep this, between Me and you, me and you No need to tell, unless we're Coming to, coming to We'll do, freaky things tonight We'll do, freaky things I like So girl stop playin games And meet me at the door Oh baby, baby... Hey yo shakin that body like it's, Jell-o Shorty bout to make the twelve lose control We all up in the club like, ayo Workin like a stripper like, oh woo oh Come and take a sip of that, oh woo oh She's all over me like, oh woo oh In the V.I.P im like do it baby, shake it baby, drop it baby, shake it baby Yah, yah, yah, yah [T.I] Peel to the T in the V.I.P Everybody drinkin in the bar on me I spot a group of ladies with they eyes on me And I ain't gotta pick one, I can have all three Like, whats happenin ladies, I was seein you choosin Can't help but thinkin of you 3 in the noonin Let's skip the game, cut that out of confusion Im tired of talking over all this loud music Now let's go somewhere where we all can lose it Listened to my offer and they couldn't refuse it Got in the two do, started cruisin We blew dro and they started removing They wardrobe, they topless now About 2 of those is poppin now Touch here, kiss there, no stoppin now She licked there and got her underwear broughten down Oh baby... [Chorus X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Johnta' Austin, T.I. Album: Better Dayz (Disc One) Song: Changed Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [2Pac] Shit, I'm a changed man Ay, turn the lights out Big baller 2Pac up in this bitch Y'know how we swing this shit, look [Verse One: 2Pac] By age sixteen I sold to dopefiends Not yet a drug dealer, but I watched 'em closely Until they noticed me I got the feds wonderin who broke the law Far too inhibited for gunsmoke, I broke his jaw Words harder than a fuckin diamond Mobile phone call to Simon, niggaz trippin homey, when we ridin? Fuck them slowly like Jodeci And stick a needle in my eye if I don't live and die for M.O.B. And fuck your homeboys nigga we can drop the guns I hit your block and we can box for fun Nigga one on one, last to fall is a baller cat It's Death Row, why the fuck you think we call it that? So if you knew me in my past life Don't act like we homeboys, ain't no love in the fast life I switch gears on them jealous bitches, who do you fear? The gameplan of a changed man, so what I'm sayin is [Chorus: Johnta' Austin] + (2Pac) I changed plans but I'm still the same old rider (Fuckin with a changed man) I slang a new dope to the world but the people still buy it (Nigga you fuckin with a changed man) All my real thug niggaz, go and get your hands up You go and drink the Henn' up (You fuckin with a changed man) Changed man, you're dealin with a changed man [Verse Two: T.I.] In drop top, the glock cocked, got rocks in my socks Cops spot Watt niggaz but hardly stop niggaz Not if they got niggaz, doughboys and hot niggaz Who mighta shot niggaz but only by strugglin I'm for respect nowadays they expect me to be in a Ferrari or the old SL Or anything you see flashin past and can't catch Dat's me, gauge on the Escalade back seat - don't creep Oh what you think, T.I., P and them sweet? (Don't sleep) Get you hit from your head to your feet (And you don't know me) I'm fin' ta introduce you to the old me You walk in, exploded and leave reload You don't like a rugged nigga, fuck you, blow me But you will respect me or get it in your neckpiece G No three niggaz here are gonna let me be or get you inside there's codes to the streets nigga [Verse Three: 2Pac] A nigga so cold when I flow, bow down to Death Row Three wheel motion, comin through coastin Who's that nigga in the G-ride screamin out M.O.B.! Nigga we ride I hit the charts like a stick-up kid #1 in the nation I fucked the world, the Judge gave me probation Faced with incarceration Move tapes like it's big weight, slangin to the whole nation GIMME MINE, or I'm blastin on every song Murder my enemies, I'm mashin until I'm gone One love to my thug niggaz And fuck a bitch, cause a true sister love niggaz Throw yo' hands in the air, close your eyes and hope Never come against the massive smoke, on Death Row My adversaries BLEED But fuck 'em all 'til the talk cease, fuckin with a changed man [Chorus] w/ 2Pac speaking over it [2Pac] E'rybody think they understand me Shit, you niggaz don't know me Y'all know that nigga on the rap song Y'all know that nigga in the movies You don't know this nigga in 3-D Real live right up against you in front of yo' face Shit, nigga you fuckin with a changed man [Outro: 2Pac] Westside, Outlaw Immortalz, hehehe You fuckin with a changed man Hahaha.. you fuckin with a changed man Hahaha.. I ain't the same, you fuckin with a changed man We ain't the same, you fuckin with a changed man We ain't the same, fuckin with a changed man Changed man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//2_pac/better/pacslife.2pc.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//2_pac/better/pacslife.2pc.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//2_pac/better/pacs_rmx.2pc.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//2_pac/better/pacs_rmx.2pc.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ T.I., Twista Album: Living Legends Song: Look at the Grillz Typed by: Thierry360@hotmail.com Look at the grill (4x) (2x) this for my niggaz with the bank roles (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) this for my niggaz with the pretty cars (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) this for my niggaz who got all the hoes (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) this for my niggaz who don't give a fuck (look at the grill on my pimp mobile) [T.I.] (hey! Grand hustle Bad Boy south lets ride nigga) chevy super clean, two or three screens watch a nigga be to the left I lean 50 karats in the crown, niggaz no more sceam just to let you sucker niggaz know I'm the king this green I smoke we call it drow It's deadly as promethazine you see my folk we ain't no joke don't turn this into a murder scene I'm paranoid totin' this .44 been shootin' out since my early teens I'ma drop that though grab a M-16 you can bring all the niggaz you want to bring hey! I thought you were running things all you did was run the screens must be out his mind thinkin T.I.P. won't touch 'em see ya I'ma rush ya "Let it Burn" like Usher click, click, bang you can end the discussion ain't shit sweet cause I seen you was bluffin I steal would spray broad day ain't nothing And let Mac Boney AK do it for me I'm immune to the drama, act a fool if you wanna lean in my pocket, 40 calb by the stomach he acting' like he want it, I'm show a nigga somethin somebody phinna to have put (&#&#*^%) I don't tolerate sucka niggas tryin me take a special kinda nigga to be fly as me similar to 8ball and MJG been coming that hard since 93 niggaz know, ain't no out shinning me I've been the G you're trying' to be I mob with gorillas, squaders and robbers and killers real niggaz gone ride wit me [chorus] (2x) [Twista] take a look at my wheels, rolling through the south still spinning and I'm still smoking heavy look at both of my grills, my motherfucking mouth looking just like the rims on the chevy pimp twist I'm a playa still, ballin' in the game come major bills come and take a trip with me to hater Ville on some 24 omegas and gator grill fuck a twist. fuck you bitch I don't really wanna have to bust you bitch roman gold shine so hard niggaz out here know they can't touch that shit I don't trip, niggaz pull up I be lookin' proud when I bust that dutch specially when I look at the mac in the black Cadillac and the bubbles in the hummer truck when you see a nigga cruise through niggaz try to jack you and loose my coop is by the kennel wheels mother fucker wanna take my style cause niggaz out here know I'm only fucking with the bonnet grills and the haters wanna see me fall how can I let y'all niggaz play me shited on their good then I pull up from my vehicle while bumpin' 8 Ball & MJG twista bitch and I from the shy with my memphis connect and I ain't going' lie we be specializing in and up coming with dope shit and pulling up in cool whips that's fly still drink, still blow, then I creep through the hood real slow while I bump kamikaze shit, while I scream look at my grill hoe [chorus] (2x) [8ball] old grill smile, wiling out up in the VIP the club close at five 'o'clock, we pulling up around three wood grain wheel gripping, Cinderella sipping I like my jewelry golden like a piece of fried chicken money players is demon like I'm willy beaming like a bitch that practice sucking dick and drinking semen she sceaming dreaming, wishing she can be my number one forever young, mama I just wanna' to have some fun [MJG] don't try to ever take my cash from me you mine as well, jump of a cliff you fucking crash dummy like that's my last money this for my niggaz who be bussin' back to perpetrators we don't discriminate, we'll hurt now hurt you later but I ain't worried, I smoke one on you fucking haters and I'm hidding gators on the refrigerator down south memphis Tenn. pimpin' gotta rep it the third I did, that nigga rugg, boy that nigga pimpin [chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ace Hood f/ 2 Chainz, Birdman, DJ Khaled, French Montana,  	Future, Meek Mill, T.I. & Wiz Khalifa Album: Trials & Tribulations Song: Bugatti (Remix) Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: DJ Khaled] + (Future) + (*Ace Hood) (We the motherfuckin best nigga) {Mike Will Made It...} Remix motherfucker! (*Yeah! Broward) Ace Hood! This the remix! (*Chea~!) {EarDrummers} [Chorus: Future] + (DJ Khaled) I come looking for you with Haitians I stay smoking on good Jamaican (this We The Best Music) I fuck bitches from different races You get money they started hating - TURN UP~! I woke up in a new Bugatti~! (REMIX~!) {*4X*} I woke up in a new Bugatti~! [Ace Hood] + (DJ Khaled) + (*Future) Yeah; I woke up in a new Bugatti, tats all over my body Gettin' real money, niggas still hatin' on me, man y'all need a new hobby Or they won't talk to me, what they gon' say? I ball, you a waterboy, Bobby Boucher On top, toupée, y'all niggas fruitcakes, I don't really play games but I keep 2 K's Damn, Mr. Hood why you do 'em like that? Pull up in the drop with the ceiling top back Couple weeks old, "Bugatti" done went gold, you ain't even know, I deserve that plaque We The Best, runnin' every summer in fact, July 16th I'm bringin' the real back Broward! Pussy (This the remix!) (*I woke up in a new Bugatti~!) [Meek Mill] Hold up, double M back in this bitch, walk in the club with a MAC on my hip Diamonds look like niggas be snappin a flick, ballin' I blow fifty racks in the VIP I back in the whip, Maybach with your bitch, a new Mussolini in back of the six I'm shittin' on rappers, these rappers is sick cause my homies got whips that these rappers ain't get Cause we crackin' them bricks and I package the zip, and I'm switchin' my flow, I spit crack in this bitch And I been hit your ho, now she back on my dick, but I get to the dough and get back at your bitch Like hol' up, I woke up in Coon new Ferrari with all my motherfuckin' jewelry on me New Aston Martin plus a Rolls Royce and a new Ferrari, that's a new Bugatti, nigga [Chorus: Future] + (DJ Khaled) TURN UP~! - I woke up in a new Bugatti~! (REMIX~!) I woke up in a new Bugatti~! (REMIX~!) {*3X*} I woke up in a new Bugatti~! [T.I.] Okay... Bankhead, nigga HUSTLE GANG, PARTNA~! THIS THE KING, BITCH~! Let's get it... And it's paid for nigga, got racks, stack 'em up like Lego nigga I'm a motherfuckin' G, I don't play with no nigga, multi-millionaire self-made ho nigga H-U-S-T-L-E gang - for that, in God we trust, we bang I'm the new John Gotti in a new Bugatti, I got a few young hotties wanna get shit poppin' Right, put it in the light, nigga got ice but it don't look right If a nigga buy a brick and it don't cook right, I'll whip that shit for a rack, sit tight I got a bag full of tools and some yay to move, and all I want is money, leave the fame to you I graduated out of gladiator school, so all I know is go like I'm trained to do Right now, turn my Mazy pedal to the metal I'm ashin' out I let the top down in my Phantom drop, blowin', I'm high as an astronaut When you see me, I'm cashin' out, walked into Mercedes bought half the lot You keep carrying on, you getting carried out cause I don't take ass whoopins, just pass 'em out Is this worth getting blasted about? No forreal, is it worth getting blasted about? [Wiz Khalifa] {*laughing*} Uh! Money conversation; get so high, I be scrapin' Got my eyes like a Asian, in my ride, like I'm racin' In the sky, like a plane; it's Gang or die Ain't no lames up in my circle, ain't no ho shit in my eyes Throwin' money in the air, poppin' bands and let it fly Where I'm from, you come up short, pull that thing and let it fly You know me; blow so much dank, think I'm Marley, got so much ink on my body Brought so much drink to the party, I fell asleep and woke up in a new BUGATTI~! [Chorus: Future] + (DJ Khaled) TURN UP~! - I woke up in a new Bugatti~! (REMIX~!) I woke up in a new Bugatti~! (REMIX~!) I woke up in a new Bugatti~! [Birdman] + (DJ Khaled) + (*Future) Yeah... Rich Gang Fresh, whips, candy on that money dip Five hundred, I'm hood rich, put in work, did a hundred flips Been about them mansions, Stunna island, we packin' Rich Gang, we uptown, nigga hardbody and mackin' Tool on that back, nigga - money and that power Mansion on that beach, nigga - blood red Bugatti Versace on my bitch, nigga - blow a mil' like it's a dollar Stunna (This the remix!) (*I woke up in a new Bugatti~!) [French Montana] + (DJ Khaled) + (*Future) Ay, ay, ay, ay, woke up with the crown nigga, servin' Bobby Brown nigga Started from the bottom now it's "Carter", Nino Brown nigga Take my spot nigga never will, now I know how 'melo feel We both shooters from New York, but I shown nigga how the metal feel Fidel Castro with them cuban links With Mark Cuban where them Cubans link +Excuse My French+ nigga, no France, hottest new niggas in ten years Coke Boy deal like ten M's, DJ Khaled up in there (This the remix!) (*I woke up in a new Bugatti~!) [2 Chainz] + (*DJ Khaled) + {Future} Flow hot as the Mojave, gimme that sloppy shit All on my car stick, give her some hundreds she did Like this, I'm a say this (I'm a say this), fuck it, I'll say it (fuck it, I'll say it) If you got good pussy you should always have your rent paid (tell 'em) Choke on some bands if I'm not mistaken (mistaken) Add up my outfit, fashion statement (fashion statement) This the school of hard knocks, graduation (Tru) (*This the remix!) {I woke up in a new Bugatti~!} [Ace Hood] + (DJ Khaled) + (*Future) Ugh; I'm sick of y'all niggas all talkin' crazy, hottest nigga spittin' and they can't debate it I didn't really know 2Pac or B.I.G, but know the beast within'll reincarnate 'em Fuck underrated, I'm constipated, I'm shittin' on 'em, fuck toilet paper You're now tuned into the fuckin' greatest: Ace Hood, congratulations Say name one nigga that's rockin' with him, flow like a hundred round choppa nigga Made a way out of the jungle, and now they in trouble, I used to be humble as shit Recently flooded my neck and my wrist, tell all them critics to suck on the dick Nigga... Broward (REMIX~!) (*I woke up in a new Bugatti~!) {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amerie f/ T.I. Album: Touch Song: Touch (Remix) Typed by: mhhs_kanyeWest@yahoo.com [T.I.] Yeah Amerie-Most people say [T.I.] What they say shorty Amerie-They think [T.I.] What's that that you all sweet and innocent Amerie-Huh, well [T.I.] Well you is ain't you Amerie-Why don't you get to know me [T.I.] All right A! Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me can be (touched) Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me should be (touched) [Verse 1] He's lookin' like he can't believe this Always in my jeans and And bet he don't know what I'm thinkin' (I wanna take him home with me) This here's gonna be my weekend I don't think he knows that I see him His body gots me weak (and I can't wait to see) [Hook] What I really want is for him to do to me what he wants to (oh) He would want to, yeah (oh) He can come inside my mind If he tried but he don't know how I want to (oh) Baby, don't you know what you get from me Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me can be (touched) Don't be afraid to touch (TI - Alright) I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me should be (touched) [Verse 2] I know I ain't been drinkin' Damn, he's got me leanin' All up in my ear breathin' We over here makin' a scene and I don't really care who sees I just want him to feel (my love inside of me) [Hook] What I really want is for him to do to me what he wants to (oh) He would want to, yeah (oh) He can come inside my mind If he tried but he don't know how I want to (oh) (T.I.- Sho Nuff') Baby, don't you know what you get from me Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me can be (touched) Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me should be (touched) [T.I.] Hey! Let me get cha where I want cha in your best night gown Yeah I had a lot of women you the best I found If I offer you the chance you neglect like how When my hand like damn and my neck like wow Lebanese Porto Rican light brown said they heard I'm the king wanna test my crown Swerve on them thangs in the vet top down I'm the realest with a dealest that rep my town So if you ever wanna get off your chest I'm down How fly does a g-fly jet ride sound Triple black phantom sit your S5 down now your girl wanna talk about sex right now Why I hate them other rappers but respect my style How I kiss her on her legs while her dress slide down Amerie I wanna see ya wit cha hair let down And ya body soaking wet on a bed stretched out Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me can be (touched) Don't be afraid to touch I know you think I'm a good girl Don't you think a girl like me should be (touched) Touch, Touch [T.I. talking] Yeah I know you want to be What's up I know that you don't know me or nothing Why don't we go and have a nice time together The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ashanti f/ T.I. Album: Concrete Rose Song: Still Down Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Intro - Ashanti] (T.I.) Hey (You still down for me?) Hey Heyyyyyyyy Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Um, um [Ashanti] Hey, how you doing? How ya been? I been laying low watching every way you move So sit back and relax and let me reacquaint myself to you (Ohhhh) It's been awhile since I been around I hope you ain't forgot my vibe and my sexy style If you don't ever go nowhere,I won't ever go nowhere And I will always be right here for you (Uh ohh ohh) [Chorus - Ashanti] (T.I.) Tell me, are you sill down for a girl like me (Still down for me?) Yeah yeah Cause I don't want to be just another memory (Ay, I'm staying down for you) Mmm mmm Tell me, are you still down for a girl like me? (Ay, hey baby, is you staying down or me?) Cause I don't want to be just another memory (Ay, ay, ay, you staying down for me) [T.I.] Ay, ay, a, Long time no see now I'm back on my feet Comfortable back of the V, right back in the street Within a matter of weeks, thought they had it for three I propose, you accepted, now you're married to me I been missing the kissing and them different positions Told you my intentions was gold and I'll be home in a minute And you listened, I did the time and now I'm finally free And now I can finally see you was down with a G Ay, ay, ay, come on [Ashanti] Now you know that I won't let you down (No) Cause I'ma do my best so I can make it right for you And like nobody else, I'ma give mysef all to you (Ohh) And please believe that I will always see  Who you got your eyes on and who got their eyes on you, long as you never go nowhere  I will never go nowhere and I will always be right here for you (Uh ohh ohh) [T.I.] Ay, ay, oh, look I promise I'm the same fella you knew When they let me out the box, baby I'm headed to you Just let me know if forever means forever to you If you choose to move on, hey just tell me the truth Keep it real with a nigga ma, whatever you do If your heart and mine is numb, rewind the times To when blows the limelight before I was rhyming And we hit the mall spending G's all the time and You was by my side throughout the grinding and And you was surprised with minks and shower with diamonds But you will always be a part of my life Even if I never get to call you my wife Just remember who put the bread to the crib down In the same crib that you and my kids live in now No matter however you may feel now Even if you bought it, considered yourself his now Ay, I'm still down for you [Outro - T.I. talking] It's for all my hustlers man, we done had to go and do a lil time, you know I know that question in the back of your mind yahnamsayin "Whats goin' on out there, you know, in the free world?" and all but Remember this pimp, you can't do no time worryin bout whats goin on outside, ya dig? So handle your business and go on home man If it's meant to be, she'll be there And to all my homegirls keepin it pimpin with they G's lockdown man, this for y'all Ay, I'm still down for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Attic Crew f/ T.I. Album: Finally Song: Dope Boi Fresh Typed by: bthomas045@yahoo.com (verse 1) Yea! A-town nigga a nigga dope Boi fresh in dis polo and guess or the guccI and louie shawty aint nuthin less I keep a piece on my side and some beat in my ride the window up when its hot or when its cold outside the AC blow snowballs drive a bitch up the wall with them plush leather guts steady grippin the butt the paint just drip on the street michael jordan on my feet with a big booty freak to make the pimpin complete I go and pick up big floaty he twistin a swisher slowly bend the corner aint no hatin and all the hoes no me these hoes star struck cause we spendin dem big bucks dis chevy got they attention and fuckin dem hoes up cause I'm (Chorus: repeat 2X) dope Boi fresh, dope Boi dope Boi dope Boi (4x) ooo hes so fresh (verse 2) BANKHEAD! guess jeans, fresh white tees and a bubble coat ever slang blow all day at da corner sto' serve til ya bar get low go and get some mo nigga trap til da yay get sold, plain and simple ho give a damn if it snows, nigga I don dime day old now five days old wit a big bank roll hit da club and pull six stank hoes brang it back to da trap and move six mo o'z they say his shirt so wrinkled and his kicks so old wit no haircut so I'm hood rich tho ho ya mighta seen me in a chevy I got six mo of those and a direct connect wit a brick fa da low (chorus) (verse 3) every now and then I ride shotgun I done always been fresh since day one wit da rod livers khakis kangols and polos dese other monkey niggaz tacky like hobos dope Boi fresh or should I say razor sharp catch me in action the definition of pimpin hard lately I been on a roll swooped up them old bo jacksons, sky blue on dem hoes white baseball kangol now I'm spiffy hell I might change clothes to dem smoke grey dickies and dem dope Boi nikes thats how a-town kick it and them ghetto hoes like it, even after the fight and I'm chorus (3x) (verse 4) I work a crease on dat biiiiitch cuttin hard like a razor sittin rite on dem nikes like a nigga had a tailor always be dead fresh and I just get cause I'm a player catch me in ben hill or cuttin hoes up in decatur always ridin clean keep da chevy sittin rite da 23s be killin hoes and choppin through the nite jumpin out brand new dem tennis shoes white white if I scuff em fuck em chuck em pull a new pair out da biick (back) hit dat walter wit a stiiick (stack) scrape dat new shit off da riike (rack) just gimme dat encye and dat falcons throwbiike (throwback) da number 8 jordan in dat red and bliiick (black) and a size number seven in dem ben hill heights I stay chorus (til end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby f/ Mannie Fresh, Stone, TQ, Wolf, Gilly, Mikkey, Petey Pablo, Bizzy, T.I. Album: Birdman Song: Keeps Spinnin' Typed by: mxplanet2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [TQ] They keep spinnin' [Mannie Fresh, TQ, Jazze Pha (Chorus 2x)] Mannie: Girl there he go again and when he stop they spin Jazze: Ain't that them stop and goes? Mannie: Yeah that's them spinnin' rims Jazze: And what them thangs they cost? Mannie: I think they 'bout a house Jazze: Now all you other wheels are played out (They keep spinnin') [Petey Pablo] Now girl believe me I'm coming as fast as I can Rims spinnin' like "rooaaaww" like I'm a North Carolina man Well I can do the do's on deuce 22's So make a mother fucker bowl move I'm sitting there holding wait a minute [T.I.] We in Atlanta, pimpin', ballin' Every seven days is ballin' Chevys Seven-four is Escalades on spinnin' blades – they sho is great Hey Mannie tell these niggaz how to hold these shoes When the car been parked and the rims keep movin' (They keep spinnin') [Mikkey] Now in Chi-Town Rims picking up every block I drive down And on my lap that Desert weighing 'bout five pounds Now don't be playing cause I'm spraying 'bout five rounds (Gun shots) Get down (They keep spinnin') [Stone] You see that Lexus coupe? That Benz without the roof? That Cadillac on 25's with skinny tires that's baby blue They on them stop and goes Them girls like "Watch him go" Spinnin' chrome with this Killer Stone Out the Magnolia with a Diablo (They keep spinnin') [Chorus 2x] [Mannie Fresh] When I get my money baby Gotta get that big Mercedes Believe me, when you see me Its gone be filled up with ladies This here is serious stuntin' And when them brakes is pumping I done caused wreck, gotta catch my breath cause (They keep spinnin') [Baby] You want this money baby Them there is buttons baby I put that mink on your body you the Bird Lady Bur Berry furs crazy I spent about 80 Birdman and them thangs (They keep spinnin') [TQ] Mine keep spinnin', dippin' Dabbin', slidin', California ridin' I rock for LA I rock for Compton and Watts And my rims keep spinnin' every time I stop [Baby] You see my red Lex I mean my read Vette In my red Benz – flew up in my liter jet I mean my red Beamer – its with that new (?) Steering wheel in the middle (They keep spinnin') [Chorus 2x] [Wolf] In that H-Town heads turning Every corner that I come around Hoping niggaz grin, cause they love the sound Of them big boys swishing Them diamonds I stop and go Sometimes I stop and listen [Bizzy] Its big pimpin' baby It ain't no sippin' baby I'm in that new thang sitting on them Sprewell Racings So when I stop they flow So nigga watch your hoe I'm at the red light but (They keep spinnin') [Gilly] Its Gilly nigga This Philly nigga I push way back with the milli trigga My rock are froze - I stop and pose Your bitch all over my stop and goes They keep on spinnin' and them hoes keep on grinnin' But when my car stop my rims (They keep spinnin') [Mannie Fresh talking] All right everybody look at your watch right now And pay attention to the seconds I'm 'bout to pull up to the red light I'm 'bout to stop And we gone see how long they gone spin (They keep spinnin') [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Ludacris, T.I. Album: Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors Song: In the A Typed by: en13712n@pace.edu [Chorus: Big Boi] (Sample from "Shutterbugg") I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A In the A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh [T.I.] I'm a Bankhead nigga, you can bank that, nigga Lookin' for a sucka, well, I ain't that, nigga I'm lookin' for the money, where the bank at, nigga? I'm triple OG, outrank that nigga I'm cold, ridin' through the city on vogues Thirty karats in the Rollie for the bitches and the hoes Hangin' out the window of a Bentley I just met my connect, dropped off snow in the bluff On James P. Brawley, ain't we ballin'? Got a problem with it, nigga, bang that .40 Niggas nowadays just ain't like shawty Don't spit that cocaine like shawty Set it on fire, they flame ain't like shawty Flow don't go insane, I'm mental Blowin' presidential, twenty bricks off in the rental We official ATLiens with plenty yay to sell again DEA on our tail again, well, tell amigo mail again Dope boy, trap nigga, shit, I did it Say, you want a hundred bricks, well, I bet I get it Tell them other sucka niggas tryna rep my city K-i-n-g bitch, best get with it All I know is go get it, swag so silly Checks on deck, I'm racked up with it Got a house, College Park, stay stacked up with it Got a Louis V bag, stay sacked up with it Big diamonds in my Cuban They won't be where we go shootin', mane In the A, it's undisputed We some legends, best to do it, mane [Chorus: Big Boi] (Sample from "Shutterbugg") I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A In the A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh [Big Boi] King shit, Buckingham Palace Til I'm bucking on a muthafuckin' beat goddammit  I...ain't lost a step, but some of y'all niggas flaw to death Since "Player's Ball," I was called the best And now they only call me Daddy Fat Sax The Cadillac-a with the diamond in the back with the sunroof top My daddy said I'm lackin' the vitamin D, the sun won't stop Shine brighter, rhyme tighter than anybody in your top ten my nihga, my nigga Like a postman, I deliver See I'm the letter with the anthrax in it, pass that, hit it Sniff it, snort it, then goin' take a bump shawty Uh, take a number cause I'm serving the chumps That wanna "jump up and get beat down," I'm Brand Nubian Brand new again, never get old When I was little, boy they said I had a old soul Old gold Riding with some pimps on a ho stroll, now that's loco And you're local, and I'm global That means worldwide like a rising tide I'm gonna subside and rise again like clockwork C-Bone is gonna show you how the Glock work (BRRAT!!) Nonviolent, though, no violence, just stylin', ho From the birthplace of MLK where everything ain't okay, but KKK (HEY!) I'm more Malcolm than Martin, come get some, be a target Standin' in the kitchen with the AK, AK, A, fo sho'! [Chorus: Big Boi] (Sample from "Shutterbugg") I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A In the A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh [Ludacris] (Talking over chorus) In the A, in the A, in the A Check the résume, NIGGA Told this was a marathon, not a sprint Luda! Need I repeat myself? Now listen... Now this is the A-Town, come on the premises if you wanna Play with death, you get stung like the Crocodile Hunter Got them racks, slangin' them packs and no, we can't leave them sacks alone Hired an assistant cause my weed need a chaperon (Luda!) And then Big Boi will pass the lighter I'm convinced that we started the California brush fires One, two, and it don't stop, so many whips at my crib Ya chick came, the bitch thought it was a road block Spendin' cash so fast, you'd think I'm foolish And I love chicks with ass so it arch like St. Louis Got chicks huggin' my nuts like a speedo Cause when I'm on the mic, I go for broke like T.O But we know I'm rich and pay the bills at my mother house Atlanta cribs jealous cause I'm chillin' at my other house Yeah, you may be able to out-trap me (But what?) but none of you niggas will ever out-rap me Gone! [Chorus: Big Boi] (Sample from "Shutterbugg") I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A I keep it playa while some choose to play it safe Boy, check the résume, it's risky business in the A In the A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh A, in the A, in the A, in the A, uh [James David Manning] What is this that you say?! What's this you say?! Is that what you say?! Is that what you say?! Is that what you say?! They stay out all night on the basketball court Practicing, and practicing their jump shot Practicing their hook-shot And practicing and practicing, and then they're qualified for the majors Well, why can't you stay up all night practicing your multiplication practicing your chemistry, practicing your physics? Why can't you stay up practicing that?! If practice makes perfect, then why do you just specialize in fun things And not in the things that require effort, commitment, and sacrifice? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Khujo Goodie, T.I. Album: Sir Lucious Left Foot... The Son of Chico Dusty Song: Tangerine Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Yeah, yeah [Chorus One: Khujo Goodie, Big Boi] [K.G.] She said her name was Tangerine, damn the American dream She all about her fuckin cream, so shake it like a tambourine Shake it like a tambourine - she shake it like a tambourine? Shake it like a tambourine - she shake it like a tambourine [B.B.] She said her was Billie Jean, said she wanna show me things I pulled out a stack of green, shake it like a tambourine Shake it like a tambourine - shake it like a tambourine Shake it like a tambourine - shake it like a tambourine [Big Boi] Now, let's set it straight, B-I-G don't cuff or cake I, put her on a plate until she's no longer awake They just lay, fast asleep, when I hit 'em with the snake Put that venom up in 'em until I leave 'em with the shakes On display, she's a model but she only model shoes Not fake like a prosthetic leg or prostitute How she choose? She just whispers in my ear ("I'm with you") I'm the type of dude that sends your baby mama out for food And I also like her throat action, with a passion Love in her mou-outh, for dental satisfaction That means I hit the head like Greg Louganis then I'm splashin Ughhh, bust one back of the 'llac, stabbin (hootie hoo!) She know what's happenin, there's no reason to doubt it If you ask her how I got it she say ("How he had went about it was") And then you wake up from a bad dream, a nightmare Settle down cause she right there [Chorus One] [T.I.] Okay, midnight, fit like, four or five chicks in the drop '66 bumpin "Southernplayalistic" as we ridin through the city lights, Monday Magic City night Pass these around, momentarily they feelin like gettin right, good girls, got 'em gettin busy like big dykes, eatin so much pussy they forget pipe All got boyfriends, tell me they don't hit it right They come see me so they can come be freaks in the back seat, everything's fast like a track meet All I can see is titties, pussy lips and ass cheeks Actually, no exaggeration, no imaginin Real talk, my reality is yo' fantasy Keisha, Kim, Tamika, Shay, Alicia and Gloria Chasin this broad tryin to find euphoria Name notorious, dick game glorious Find me shawty when ya boyfriend borin ya [Chorus Two: Big Boi, Khujo Goodie] [B.B.] Shake it like some Texas Pete droppin on your collard greens Make it hotter when she want a dollar, do you follow me? Shake it like a tambourine - shake it like a tambourine Shake it like a tambourine - shake it like a tambourine [K.G.] Smellin like some tangerines, rollin like she on some beans Garter belt full of greens, booty bustin out the seams Shake it like a tambourine - she shake it like a tambourine Shake it like a tambourine - watch her shake it like a tambourine [Big Boi] Once upon a rhyme I knew this girl and she was fine as everything outdo's, the kind of girl I describe her like-like-like Michael Jordan when he's froze in a pose of a Jumpman Top flight security on these hoes man She drop it low only for me to pick her up When she's liquored up I'm leavin my fingerprints on her butt A ten-hut, at attention as we stand for this woman General Patton, boy stop, we think she cummin Lovin the way that I'm dickin her down, Boi you bluffin Nothin but a nigga like me be straight up royal flushin But this ain't 'bout playin no cards dummy Her give me open mouth sugar and she go hard for me Even take a charge for me, if the coppers caught us ridin to get a tray of fruit, and a pack of 1-point-5's and I'm all the way on them papers, she all the way on my team We burn it down like California trees in the breeze Fire! [Chorus One] [Outro] Shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it Shake shake it, shake shake that ass Shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it, shake shake it Shake shake it, shake shake that, shake that Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work (and all my ladies go to) Work, work, work, work, work, work, work, work (shake shake it, shake that ass) Artist: B.o.B f/ Chris Brown, T.I. Album: Strange Clouds Song: Arena Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Chris Brown] If anybody feelin fresh in the buildin Take your hand, hold it high to the ceiling right now And say damn I'm killin them, damn I'm killin them I know they feelin me now And if you too fresh in the buildin then take your hand, hold it high to the ceiling right now And say damn I'm killin them, damn I'm killin them I know they feelin me now [B.o.B] I'm still here with a lifestyle you would kill for Still here with the same shoes that I had on from the get-go Straight out of Atlanta, Georgia, for any of y'all that didn't know and I'm never that hard to find because 4:20 is my zip code Bit back then couldn't get 'dro, cause back then I was this broke That's why I got so many hustles, +Bruh-Man+ from the fifth flo' What would you do in the middle of the winter when the sun goes down and it gets cold? Growin up in the house with no stove - no doors, no walls, no windows And my brother was always fresher, I would go to school in his clothes when I did go; so that's why now this the type of life that I live fo' Comin' up as a youngin man some nights I would vomit I would throw up on myself cause I was so sick to my stomach Now I'm the shit, fix the plumbin, feel it with me y'all I'm this close Spent my whole life chasin chips so where's Nabisco? My past memories, I miss those But hey, all I can say is you get what you wish fo' [T.I.] Let's kill 'em, let's go, ay~! I'm fresh off my pit stop, flow airtight with no Ziplock Get shit pop when my shit drop, no hip-hop, this TIP-hop I'm back standin at the tip-top where I belong, it won't be long 'til you hear me on a B.o.B song, some chick gettin my skeet on To touch the sole of my feet G you gon' have to get yo' reach on I'm up all the way high, all the way fly on the ground and I'm off the radar Bernie Madoff money dawg, got killers paid off with it all I got the juice, could just place a call, and you place a call to who place a call I take your barkin not too hard, I disregard what you say Back up the trunk and pass the buck, here's where I'm stoppin today Got swag all on me homey, can't wipe it away we too ill, ill That's how we got arenas, domes, and stadiums filled - it's how you feel [B.o.B] Damn, damn, yo! And I'm still here with a black whip from the "Strange Clouds" And I'm still here with the same team, nigga stay down Still here for the Eastside, ain't a thing change but the bank account Hands high when I come 'round, cause I'm killin this shit nigga hands down And I go hard, my passport's like a postcard Give a fuck if I'm solo, I'll go toe-to-toe with'cha whole squad with the soul of a soldier but even still I don't want no parts of no niggaz with no hearts, you cocksuckers need throat guards I'm throwed off for the most part, a young dog with an old bark Flow dumb, but I'm so smart; I compose art, call me Mozart My nightlife's like a soap opera with two chicks like it's Noah's Ark They got nice dresses with no bras but good bodies like "OH GOD~!" From a poor child to on top like a mohawk But I always knew I'd go far, like a gas truck with no park So no applause, hold the applause Just put your hand up if you know the song [Chorus] - 2X Artist: B.o.B. f/ T.I., Playboy Tre Album: B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray Song: Bet I Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - B.o.B] - w/ ad libs Put me on anything, still I bet I bust Put me anywhere on the map, I bet I bust This is what I does so, please don't gas me up Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust I bet I bust, I bet I bust I bet I, I bet I, I bet I bust, I bet I bust Matter of fact, give me fifteen minutes and a bag of bud - I bet I bust Bust, bust, b-b-bust [Verse 1 - B.o.B] Yo, bud boys, bet I bust, that's just what I does, yes Put me anywhere on the map with a backpack strapped, still I bet I bust Bet I flow, bet I rip this beat, bet I feel that soul Bet I go, bet I bench these niggaz like Ray, sit down bro Bet I know, everything about this game, bet I know my role But they know when I come to the court this is my sport, B dot o B, so, bet I'm gone Bet I'm on a brand new plane, bet I'm in a whole different zone I ain't really from this place, so I'm up all night long Really I'm in outer space, really ain't got no home Really I'm a saint, bet I'm blown, bet I'm thrown Up to the sky, over the ocean, so I'll fly, wherever I'm goin When I'm by, bet I'm focused If it's fire, you can bet I roll it Matter of fact (*lighter flickers*), you can bet I bust [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - T.I.] Yeah, hey, grab a brown front and center, the King fittin to enter (okay) The room when the boom hit the booth, I deliver The hottest, you probably too small to acknowledge, you Impossible to copy like what everybody try to do We cool as some dudes on them waves out in Malibu I'm fallin hard baseline, ball through the alley-oop (bang!) Comin through this thang like James, in the air off the rim I hang Nigga, this King, pretend you forgot my name if you wanna I'm a come hard like a boner, don't I Make a nigga wanna rebound, turned up all the way, we amped Two or three tramp With 'em in the mill, same Bentley Niggaz said they do it like us, you shittin me? '96, '97 in Atlanta, didn't we, have more blocks than Mutombo, Dikembe? (Bankhead!) For those who can't hold water, need new kidneys Put 'em down under Australia, Sydney (bye) And I'm still representing For the niggaz on the prison yard, tuned in, listening I'm back to doin big things (okay) A sucker lookin for me, start in your bitch's dreams (that's right) Or twenty feet tall standin on the big screen Get dough, big green, my flow sickening, it's the King nigga [Verse 3 - Playboy Tre] Yeah, back with a cup of that liquor, nigga, y'all don't really know Tre Really know me, really know the streets, no, y'all niggaz really ain't G Really ain't hard, never really served no hard, y'all be playin that roll Talkin that pimp shit, never really pimp shit, nah, y'all be savin them hoes But I don't and I won't, I'll get a bitch anytime I want I'm that guy, spit that fire, shake the ground everytime I stomp Beat in the trunk, cup in the air, you can talk shit but I really don't care Man I'm in the Cadillac, gun go rat-a-tat-tat-tat but a nigga ain't scared From that Red, Clay, east of the A, young niggaz get locked up everyday Cops ain't shit, so I drop that shit, have it drop on 'em, make it  through the da-ay Grindin for my pa-ay, it's that nigga Tre-e Bustin like a pistol better believe it when I say - that I bust Artist: B.o.B f/ Mos Def, T.I Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Boom Bap Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: T.I.] Bitches kissin' and huggin' Niggaz trippin' and buggin' You watch your mind, I'm on my grind And I ain't quittin' for nothin' Tell your mothers and uncles Brothers, sisters, and cousins My flow so nasty, deranged That nigga T.I.P is disgusting Gotta grip on the game Quit your pullin' and tuggin' Cause I ain't clinically sane I go to pushin' a button They get to clickin' and bustin' You get to dippin' and duckin' They empty clips by the dozen You come up missin' for nothin' Hey, I can triple your budget I'm in the business of hustlin' If we ain't talkin' about money I say, "Let's end the discussion" Hate off my shoulders I'm brushin' All the ladies are blushin' They all love when I fuck 'em Blacks and Latinas and Russians Tell 'em be easy no rushin' Mastered the art of seduction I let 'em blow me so much head I can catch a concussion Seven chicks in the bed Touchin', lickin', and suckin' Dick 'em into submission Then I send 'em to truckin' Cousin we nothin' alike You can say what you like Do all that huffin' and puffin' Then run away from the fight Don't know who getting' {you high} When you sit and you write Great imaginary life You only live on a mic I'm who you'd die to be like Cause I'm so fly nice To live my life you'd have to try to hit the lottery twice Find it amusing, I'm gigglin' at what you made in a year Quadruple that while in prison Servin' my day and a year Nigga hahahaha [Verse 2: Mos Def] Wow It's on right now Buckhead to {Bucksound} Boogie man and rubber band snappin' Bang, listen No retreat, no surrender No gimmicks, no hoax, no jokes, no pretenders The littledefenders haters all they tempers But tell them phil how they feel, fucking let it go That's ineffective though, I'm in a show It's that incredible and my old special doze, extra flow, quiet dog Off the chain, I was born unleashed And I get it how I get it cause I'm from these streets These niggas I cut your favorite rhythm I made this Say it once, say it twice, you made this That's in a affirmative, word of big bird it is I got the fire work You feel it in the chest when the base be bang Yeah and you know my style, I'm from the killer cane While we turn it on and turn it out It go on and on and on and on Everybody talking It's bob, bobby raylisten [Verse 3: B.o.B] Yeah It's B.o... B Bobby Ray, international extraordinaire Listen I'm from the city where they hang out on the light pole Tryin' to get their weight up off 'em, I ain't talkin' lipo' I'm talkin' bout that city I take everywhere that I go I do this for the niggaz locked in solitary iso' Who grew up with kaleidoscopes Now they lookin' through rifle scopes Tryin' to make it out the dark That's what we raise our lighters for Smokin' on that blue turf Just like them boys in Idaho I swear I'm {eatin' good} What you on that diet for? I'm chillin' with some fire hoes So hot you'll need a fire hose Too much pussy on your payroll boy You need to fire hoes (You're fired) That's why my fans is who I'm writin' for You'd swear they never tire Cause they hands are up the entire show But what you hidin' for? I'm speakin' for your benefit Me to you is like PlayStation 3 to SEGA Genesis I have no arch nemesis I have no identity I just go gorillas in your village and start pillaging your city I still got it I don't need to baby sit I'm just magnificent like Magic back in '86 I told her, "Cook my eggs Benedict" She say I'm gettin' cocky Now I say, "I've been a dick" "Bitch" Hahaaa Artist: B.o.B f/ Spodee, T.I. Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Feet Don't Fail Me Now Typed by: AZ Lyrics [T.I.] Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [T.I.] Its the rap thespian, trap champion Dude never lose even when you think he can't even win Again, don't nobody do it like the kid do Talkin bout the greatest better throw him on the list too (who) Way at the top even stopped dreamin even in the offseason I'm steamin (hot) Hurry up somebody better check our temperature On the fire titan like the movie they remember us Plus how can a nigga hate for real when resilience the only thing matchin' my brilliance Hahaha lol niggaz kill me Look mama no guns and I'm still G Whoda thought from baker rows center hill he get so much accomplished niggaz plot to try to kill me And keep it real we try yet and still we die out in the battle field but don't nobody feel me [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [B.o.B] Yea, sign yours sincerely I been up on my game, really they just started listening So when you talk about the greats you got to mention me And if you're smellin' dro you know that I'm in the vicinity Flawless with symmetry Yea, since elementary niggaz bite the style like they tryna swap identities Empty refrigerators all I see up in my memory Now I'm in the club with complimentary Hennessy But this a jungle so you hear the snakes slitherin' These niggaz fake like a face with no blemishes So I'm movin' with the force of an olympian So cold with it you would think that I invented it Yea, I got a million ways to get it in All day back and forth like tennis is Another day at the office to handle business From the beginning I sprinted knew where the finish is [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now [3: Spodee] I heard the tip I won't and shame on they ass Since the presence is a gift I wont refrain from the past Imma young stunner focused and ready to smash Niggaz on that sucka shit boy they really appeared sad If my feet don't fail me I shall be crowned But they never failed me before why would they fail now I'm the one to call on look how they kept it down Hopin they got the right number I hear the skeptical sounds I made they ass I'm made to last Niggaz thinking that they on fire I blaze they ass (I mean it) I'm hopin you see it comparing me to rappers is silly Them boys stale packin up illys And all my niggaz packin the illy my fraction is gritty we large The best kush the only reason I'm beggin' your pardon Cats don't know how to act in the presence of don's I'm just bein a playa while they bitches enjoyin' my charm [Chorus: T.I.] While these niggaz run they mouth Imma run this city so feet don't fail me now I never will stand still I still run this here Feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now I said feet don't fail me now Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I., Young Dro Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Grand Hustle Kings Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uncle Quincy they gon dig this haha, hold up Alright people, I wanna see you dance if your type forever get your hands up, say hey and shawty you're looking good come here, let me see you dance get ya hands up [T.I.] I got to the park, supercool, stupid hot he the freshest from his fitted down to the shoes and socks can you wanna like it, couldn't care less if you do or not A reminder for those of you who forget here's the king partna', ya ain't bout to say a big deal I'm not fifty mill I got, double down why not 177 Aston Martin cash and carry off the lot they say money talk but listen Shorty cause I talk a lot incredible, my pockets and a cherry red drop your money funny, big diamonds in the words red boss We're gonna be smoking the city when I come kicking come and witness 8 hundred young women all here for Young fif listen, if i really dig her, let her meet my uncle Quincy catch up with me suckers gonna need a solid month of? many moons will it take you baffoons, many goons presents fill up any room, King back gimme room [B.o.B] I told the World what I'm gon do, check the charts if you want proof number 1 and number 2, I'll take the rest, don't mind if I do pull my seat up to this table in the game, where's my food but frankly, I accomplished what they said I'll never do or maybe you've been sleeping or snoozing on me before or possibly, blocking me from opening doors and everybody surprised now 3 years down the road, but where was everybody when albums wasn't exposed who cares if it ain't fair cause I mean? Bob on beast, Bob on blast, Bob is everything you say its finesse, an expression, an emphasis on my name talking record labels corporations this is entertainment here is what I meant they be like "hey Bob try this" put on this shirt, put on these jeans put on this hat, that'd be the shit rap it like that, sing it like this yeah yeah yeah that'll be a hit whats his name ? [Young Dro] Hey look, came on so hard you don't see the star in me Dro, I can do anything, you don't see the heart in me pressure becomes combustible wheels squeezing the arteries of haters plus my uncle is Quincy Jones so pardon me I like riding a may ? when it come to money boy, we got that? looking bad as ever, mansion in the panamerica why sick, I'm extravagant and clever will damage you, it's whatever Grand Hustle Kings I wont get off the mic until that thing starts sizzling block you like a histamine this is really history watch ya old lady 'fore I slip in with this hickory like elmo y'all tickle me why I still be ripping beats backing fantastic, tell me that you've been listening white on white, drop back joint T.I. in a ride out 2 of the best in the game, what you gotta decide about Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: I'm Dat Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ain't I clean? That machine, super cool, super mean I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga [T.I.] Mega pimp, super clean, the coolest in the universe Niggas hating on what he doing just mad cause they ain't do it first His name pop up when you hit play or on your Google search Bitches bow they head and bend they knees just like they do in church Drop dough into her purse before you get into her skirt She agree to do the work before she get into the vert 'Til my pine box drop down into the dirt I'ma be by far the hottest nigga known to the Earth In the air, I fly, can't compare my swagger to another rapper don't you dare try Anyone with a pair of eyes can look and see No legacy'll ever be next to me or near by Though I invite you all to try, ay I'm a fair guy Just approach with caution, be aware because I don't share my throne - my crown I own Hottest flow on any song, I'm on, I'm gone nigga {I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga} [T.I. - over Chorus] Hey! B.o.B, you up next, baby Hey! Grand Hustle, nigga If I ain't the hottest nigga on the universe I guess I'll have to do until he get here nigga (Here I go!) Hey call me a liar nigga Yeah~! [B.o.B] Ay y'all Tip 'bout to be mad at me Because I'm about to take the crown, the throne, and the ring Well I just take the throne, the jewelry I don't have to keep But still watch my +Grand Hustle+ on my {?} Beat you to the hole, dunk, and have you lookin at my feet Tip's like "The audacity of this nigga to just be challengin me!" Well you may rap on the beat but nigga I be attackin the beat Straight pull out a bat, pull out a gat and tat tat on the beat So where's the beef, I kill the producer and the track when I speak Tip are you gettin head from this track or are you masturbating? Why am I rappin these things? Because I have to be seen Cause my nuts is so big they be saggin my jeans This beat is done, stick a fork in it If you were goin against me it'd be unfortunate Either that or you'd get scared and you'd just forfeit it I ejaculate on the track, so there, there's an orphange {I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga} [Outro: T.I.] + (B.o.B) Okay, you got that (I'm gone, mayne) I kinda, I kinda feel like I got you, man) Hehehe (I had to kinda show you up, man) (I ain't wanna make you look bad, really, honestly) Ay, man, aye man Ay man that laughin, that laugh is natural Because I'm literally amused by your sentiment I mean y'know if you really feel that, know what I'm sayin That the likes of the second verse Could even slightly compare with the With the immaculate of the first verse (hahaha) Then I must take a chuckle... ha ha ha ha~! You know what I'm saying, but never no mind (We can have 'em blog about it!) Absolutely, man, I'll let you guys be the judge (You know you gonna do it anyway, fuck it) B.o.B or T.I.P. y'knahmsayin man you be the judge dawg) (Which could be the better acronym for the song) But you know what though, either way it's Grand Hustle Artist: B.o.B f/ T.I. Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Not Lost Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: B.o.B] Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm lost They gave me nothing but doubt First they waited then hated then counted me out Just because I'm losing doesn't mean I'm stuck They say I lost my way But first I showed em then I sold em right in front of their face [Verse 1: B.o.B] Well this is the World that we living One minute you the hero the next you the villain We got up in this game just to try to make a living We hit you with the truth while you watching television But still these are the cards that we dealt They kick you on the ground when you most need help Until you dried up and they sit you on the shelf Then you start to cry because you all by yourself So just know if you are aware of the belt The only way to excel is the soul that you sell So I could care less about the clothes on myself I'm trying to drive straight on a road made of nails Yeah, I got to pay the toll if I fell Or else it would be another story to tell I'm getting to the door I can tell I'm just waiting on the day till the glory prevails [Verse 2: T.I.] All I know is keep going, shit don't stop Until the huss double up put the click on top Used to wanna have the bricks on lock Til we went to prison saw we couldn't pick them locks Easy decision now a nigga think I lost my touch Listen if I ain't the realest ever done it I ain't off by much So please don't wake me up if I'm dreaming in the fast lane speedin' no safety belt And it's a marathon pace yourself In this race for wealth talkin' shit just a waste of breath Chasing me like chasing your tail your never gon catch it Respect is something you never get if you never had it I'm looking back and laughing this life of mine Bought me all the way here form my life of crime Just a constant reminder that the end I'll be always the one who knows all see's all Because... [Verse 3: B.o.B] Yeah, well these are my predictions I'll be on the top 40 with a big hit Travelling the World trying not to get sick And I'm a get more friends on my friends on my friends list And then after that I'll be famous And everyone I know will tell me that I'm changing And then my cell phone will never stop ringing And I'll be all over magazine pages Yeah and they'll play my songs till they boring And if I ever do stop touring they treat me like a foreigner Don't believe me ask Lauren... Artist: B.o.B f/ Ludacris, T.I. Album: Who The F#*k Is B.o.B? Song: On Top of the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: DJ Scream talking over Chorus] And now... for the conclusion! DJ Scream, DJ Spinz MLK, "Who The F#*k Is BOB the Mixtape" SCREAM~! We did it again Until the next chapter We out! [Chorus: B.o.B.] I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!) About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls) But now I see (now I see) ohh-whoa! (ohh!) Because I'm sittin on top of the world! (the whole world) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay) And now I see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) see (ay) Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah) [B.o.B] (HOOD RICH!!) I ain't forget it - I remember my past Yes I re-member the roaches and the squirrels and rats I had to, heat up some water just to wash off my ass And in the winter, yes all we had was heaters and matches Now - I'm, on your TV on the cover mags so when these haters be crabbin, at 'em I'm laughin cause You don't know me, you don't know shit 'bout my past So when you, hate B.o.B you only hate on my mast I, remember listenin to "Chicken & Beer" when I was failing my classes with all of my peers and I remember listening to "King of the South" I'm trap music, and now I know what this is about [Ludacris] Luda, Luda! Hear my heart on this one True story! Rest in peace Wayne Bridges They say what goes up must come down but I ain't reach my cruisin altitude Take a look at what I did, but can you imagine what I'm about to do? The places I'm 'bout to go and the money I'm 'bout to see Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, "Look out for ME!" Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures Cause I'm a self-made nappy headed RICH NIGGA! (OHH!) Private planes help me travel in peace To fo' cities in one day and fo' countries in one WEEK Cause I, work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to Put one of my partners right through culinary art school (WOO!) Now he my personal chef so that bread he get it Put 'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit (true!) And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour Catch us eatin at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners Orderin Singaporean lobster Celebratin comin from nothin to winnin Grammy's and rappers winnin Oscars Yeah, and they say rappers shouldn't act, nah suckers We see Samuel Jackson like, "WHAT'S UP MOTHERFUCKER!" [T.I.] Hey, hey, hey, hey I made it momma! Hey, hey I know them haters don't stop plottin and wishin we fall Cause I'm standin on top lookin down at it all (I see you) I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all Homie I ain't get enough, we still tryin to triple up That's why we got StreetCred and Akoo buildin up Say I'm doin too much, shit, I say I ain't did enough Remember sayin, "Damn, if I could just get to a million plus" And now I'm like, "Shit, what the fuck is a million bucks?" Triple that on my bond, thanks to Bigs and Run (appreciate it nigga) But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become All this shit I've avoided, what it done for my sons and daughters and momma; just call her I sold dope and dropped out of school, seems it's all they can see They don't notice none of my family did that since me (nah) I broke that cycle, now my family live a live for Mandatory minimals, but not when the judge sentence us Cousins in college, where you think they get tuition from? (Answer that) Just for standin 'round wishin, huh? Hey while you stand around lookin dumb, I make it happen Takin action over time, got damn good at it Artist: B.o.B f/ Juicy J, T.I. Album: Fuck 'Em We Ball (Mixtape) Song: We Still in This Bitch Typed by: AZ Lyrics I'm in my zone I'm feeling it Stop blowing my buzz quit killing it So buy another round, They try to shut us down Bout an hour ago but we still in this bitch We still in this, we still in this bitch, we still in this Turn this shit up loud And buy another round They try to shut us down Bout an hour ago but we still in this bitch [Verse 1] I pull up, pull up, pull up, in that automatic cook up B. Rich pull up in that rooster til we wake the fuckin hood up Got all these pounds of ganja, I work out I'm doin kush-ups Bobby Bands is in the building, pop that pussy, throw a foot up In the air, one time for a nigga like me, With a squad like this Where the team so strong, And the flow so cold, ain't nothin but some bad bitches in my clique Wassup Eastside? We in this bitch They think they seein me, but they ain't seen shit Girls on the pole, yeah they make me rich Girls at my shows, wanna take my pic Yeah, we can do this here all night, can't tell me nothin can't tell me shit All in my zone, all on my own Open that pack, Rollin that strong And we still up in this, won't turn down, won't go home [Verse 2 - T.I.] I got big wheels on my ride Spent bout 6 mills on my ride You catch me swervin all over your side of town bumpin bitch don't kill my vibe Don't blow my hide just blow my guy I'm so paid I'm so fly Your baby daddy disrespect me black his eye, that's no lie I'm on my square, blowin circles in the air, of that purple Ima boss and you a worker, listen here boy dont make me hurt you You want trouble, I got plenty How you want it, full or semi I'm so rich so all that fuck boy shit you kickin don't offend me Don't get killed off in this bitch I spit mills all in this shit Boy it's been 11 years of this shit Look at me now still in this bitch I stand tall no cant fall You pussy ass niggas can't touch it g See me don't speak ain't nothin g I'm in my zone nigga don't fuck with me AYE [Verse 3 - Juicy J] Juicy J stay in the club, me and all my niggas All these bad bitches, all this free liquor Surrounded by so many women one of these hoes might be your wife She lookin for a nigga that's ballin so tonite might be her night You know me I stay stuntin low key I threw tuition at onyx Flip money fast lil sonny rich nigga I speak Ebonics Gotta new car I paid cash Gotta new crib with a weed lab Crisp bills I need that Fuck your team where the freaks at Hundred deep in VIP niggas always hatin I came in with a bunch of goons and I'm leavin out with this lady I got your boo in my Bugatti she bout to swallow my babies My system loud my weed loud no hair clippers I'm faded TRIPPY The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bone Crusher f/ Killer Mike, T.I. Album: AttenCHUN! Song: Never Scared Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Bone Crusher talking] Yea! This nigga think we hoez or somethin' my nigga... Sheeeit, man what the... lemme talk to the mo'fucca How hard we really mo'fuccin is in this biaaaatch... nah'm sayin? Fuck nigga... sheit man, ole punk ass security guards, we out the club nigga... That don't mean nuthin nigga! I'm gon fuck this nigga up, my nigga! Sheeeeit, lemme show this mo'fucca how hard this shit really is!!! So I'm outside of da club and you think I'm a puuuuuuuunk So I go to my loaded tech 9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk I told that muthafucka I ain't never scared (eastside!) I ain't never scared (westside!) I ain't never scared (southside!) I ain't never scared (northside!) I ain't never scared (southside!) I ain't never scared (eastside!) I ain't never scared (westside!) [Verse 1: Bone Crusher] Let a choppa go PLOOOOOOWWW! to yo melon Now the plasma is oozin outta yo cerebellum AttenCHUNNNNN! Fuck nigga, now you swellin' You ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch! Got'em runnin scared of a... BIGGA NIGGA! Cuz I put the heat to his ummm... HILFIGER! Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank My pistols gettin' thirsty now it needs anotha drank REPEAT CHORUS [Verse 2: Killer Mike] I got a hot 4 fever, call it bitch Benita Knock the apple off any bum or the hollow heat seaker Redcross bitch niggaz, fuck the pint, she take blood by the liter I'll never leave her, my viscous vixen On liquor, send dat ass to God quicker No matter yo religion, you Muslim, Hebrew or Christian She indiscriminate with punishment, she send'em missin' My gun's my favorite bitch and And she got permanent PMS so she stay bitchin! REPEAT CHORUS w/ ad libs by T.I. [Verse 3: T.I.] Noooooo, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play with If you'on like me when you see me, betta not say shit I'll choke yo ass out like Dre did that bitch You betta tell these pussies they ain't fuckin wit no rookie I'm a Bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookiez! So don't make it a me or you situation I'll have yo partner down at I.C.U. visitation Like, hope for the best, but I'on think he gon make it Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement I'll tell you wha, if you make it, call'em grace cuz he amazin Find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazin and Just when you thought that I was done I was savin the Best for last, nigga kiss my ass Like Della Reese, they my folkz, itz best you just let'em be Cuz I do the shit precincts and them FED's just ain't never see nigga! REPEAT CHORUS [Bone Crusher yelling] YEA NIGGA! Just break'em off muthafucka! We the real niggaz! All you hatin' muthafuckaz, underachieverz... Step back, hoe nigga! Listen closely... We ain't neva scared of none of you niggaz! T.I., Bone Crusher, Killer Mike, just break'em off niggaaaaaaaaaaa! REPEAT CHORUS 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ T.I. Album: New Jack City II Song: Been Doin' This Typed by: AZ Lyrics [T.I.] Say man Old niggas told me there two types of nigga I life you know Niggas who talk that shit And niggas who do that shit Let them niggas gon hate cos they got to What I care about you Hey you know I been doing this for years Other niggas saying wait, I ain't got to Other niggas cop two And you know I been doing this for years why theses niggas gon hate? Cos they got to Never let em stop you Hey you know I been doing this for years Other niggas sayin wait, I ain't got to you know I been not to you know I been doing this for years [Verse 1] Hit the club do it big Show these niggas how I live 100 gs for the chain Couple mill for the crib If you had it like I had I bet you do it like this Lamborghini dubs going up Looking so sick I make it rain I make it rain In any club that I go into Toss a couple stacks out Ballin yeah that's what I do And these niggas know exactly what I'm riding on (what you ride homie) 24 inches on the old school Beat up knockin These hoes keep jockin And these tags imma pop em I'm a real show shopper Sold out shows everywhere I go Just to hear the young boy from the old ways flow When it comes to the money imam get that doe Imam get that doe nigga that's for sho Can't nobody do it quite like this man They cool but they ain't like this man Got ice on my neck and my wrist man Ya'll niggas can't do it like this man And im stil on top whether you like it or not Nigga I won't flop What you think cos I sold a couple of million I'm gon stop? [Verse 2] These Nigga can't do it like I Everyday this nigga stay fly 26 inches be on my ride Hear my dubs be suicide Still black card spending If it's hot then I'm in it When it comes to the hoes you know imma get em At the mall everyday so you know that I'm fitted Everything that I done hop in undid it Tell these men first time I drop 6 years later still on top Makin these hits but it ain't gon stop Imma get this money til my casket drop And yes, yes my nigga imma baller They had to nickname me Mr tear the mall up Clip the bar When I hit that mall Shut the whole mall down Buying everything I saw And these lame niggas hating on me cos they hoes all want me Hey it ain't my fault You should havin it, check homie Something like a pimp Yeah I ball from a sip So much money in my pocket got me walkin with a limp And you say you got money but I ain't like this Amd imma keep shinin on you haters so sick Haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brandy f/ T.I. Album: Afrodisiac Song: Where You Wanna Be Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [T.I] Uh, ya know what? On the real, uh [Brandy] Me and you, we've been through So much that we need to start off new You need to choose, don't be confused I think it's time, time that you Tell me where you wanna Be with me, or be with her This whole ordeal is such a blur See I was prepared to take a loss But my heart won't pay the cost You don't know where you wanna be 1 - 	You don't have to take my advice 	You don't have to compromise 	Cuz I know that you don't realize 	You don't even see 	Where you need to be Be with them, all your friends Claim the clippers is playin' Boston I won't be sloppy seconds again Do you want to play with me, or play with them? Tell me where you wanna Be in love Is that enough When all the problems start adding up Ladies, raise your hands if you've had enough Scream as loud as you can if you've had enough Cuz he don't know where he wants to be Repeat 1 [T.I.] Why you say that baby? It's all good show Are you for real? Come on man, don't talk like that Ey, ey, hey I promise in all honesty, I honor you, you honor me For better, worse, for rich or poor, whatever, it's gonna be I'm talkin 'bout forever more, the rest of eternity No need bein' insecure, I know what I wanna be I know I made alot Of mistakes But I can make 'em up (Make 'em up) Unless you got your heart set on breakin' up If I can't see your face then my day ain't even worth wakin' up Especially with these haters and open cases, this time enough Maybe show you attention is something that I ain't done enough But you got all my love, on all our love, girl I need you to believe in me You need to know that I know where I need to be, ey Repeat 1 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ André 3000, Drake, Fabolous, Kanye West, Rick Ross, T.I. Album: Deuces (Remix) 12" Song: Deuces (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Verse One: Drake] What you mean I ain't call you? I'll hit you when I landed I'm waitin in my hotel room Seems like we're arguin more and it's gettin less romantic Yeah! I think she'll be able to tell soon But I'll fuck you right I will, I'll fuck you right I will I'll fuck you like no one has ever ever made you feel I mean it's part of our relationships amazin still I might just put up with the arguin and stay for real You lookin bad, girl for goodness sakes You with all those curves, and me without no brakes Oooh!!! I'm willin to work it out however long it takes you You feel like you missed those happy days  Well girl that makes two of us, our timin is wrong Your friends always tyin up every line on your phone Yeah! But tell them bitches that you'll always be my misses And the hardest part about the fuckin business is mindin your own Uh! And everytime I try and break it off We just yell until we're tired then I break you off It's useless all this fightin let's get past it now Even when I throw them deuces you just send her back around  [Verse Two: T.I.] Your wrist and fingers glisten, ice cold like Michigan Hey look at what we livin in, here we go with this again I just keep on talkin but I guess that you ain't listenin  Rather run around with them nothin ass niggas then 'Gon on, got me hot, smokin like a chimney We used to be best friends now it seems we fittin to be enemies Deep inside it's killin me but soon it's 'gon be killin you To see her in that two seater no that's 'gon hurt your feelings boo Aah Haa!!! Didn't you, think you would be over me By now so you go sleepin with them clowns they are no relief She spoke her peace I know capeesh so love must be let go release Into the wind begin again them deuces I must throw ya peace!!! [Verse Three: Kanye West] You know what yo? You a bitch You should have a travel agent, cause you a trip You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit But all you got is some fuckin issues you fuckin bitch I hate bitches, but I love your mom Give her a kiss for me, her second son Get your mind right baby or get your shit together You gon' be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever Girl seduces, they come in deuces But when I cut 'em off, they always become a nuisance Niggaz take my old flows and they take my old swag He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch Haha, I'm stupid but I won't get my drama on What I'm dealin with is too real, for me to comment on Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth So when y'all talk 'bout you-know-who I don't know who you talkin 'bout [Verse Four: Fabolous] (Chris Brown) According to my old bitch, I be on some new shit She was on some old shit, now I got a new bitch Think I give two shit, you ain't gon' do shit  Meet my two fingers, intro -- deuces (deuces) If you knew better, you'd do better  When I give the middle finger, but I got two better (So you gon' diss me, even though you know it's wrong, know you gon'...) {"Miss me a little when I'm gone" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ T.I. Album: Trill Song: I'm a G Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Chorus: Bun B] - repeat 2x I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me But yo' ass gon' learn and yo' ass gon' see [Bun B] I stand 5 foot 10, two hundred and a half One hundred percent gangsta, don't smile and don't laugh In a 3X shirt, nigga 38 waist I ain't small motherfucker, I'm takin' up some space Wit' a size 11 shoe that'll kick ya in ya face Bitch I'm all about a crime embedded and catch a case I ain't scared to kick in ya door and look around ya place I ain't scared to count back to four and put one in ya face K steel nigga, favorite deuce-deuce and a third Teflon coat and ya body, juice loose on the curb I serve you like a tennis ball, straight up diminish y'all I position the competition and when I'm finished Y'all can clear the calendar, call authority and tell they next of kin We shot 'em like a crackhead, stabbed 'em up like a Mexican May he never flex again, not like he can But just in case he get resurrected it's best he understand [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Bun B] I see these niggaz do a lot of talkin' but they never back it up Thought the work that they movin', all the paper they stackin' up You niggaz got me crackin' up The only thing you sellin' is wolf tickets, and we ain't buyin' them so pack it up 84's, click-clack it up and down Thomas From Westside to the East, we keep it "G" and that's a promise Bunch of black Osama's, America's Most Wanted We criminal backgrounds, we ready to straight flaunt it All it take is a sawed, drop a hoe and instigator Messy motherfuckers got to make it for an instant hater I'ma lay ya down, like a baby ready to nap 'Cause I'ma trill nigga ready to clap, now was'hap? I slap a nigga, stupid with a back hand wraith And continue 'til nobody from your wack clan left Bitch you might cheat death and you might cheat the dealer But you never cheat the king of the underground on the realer [Chorus] - repeat 2X [T.I.] P$C nigga, U.G.K. alumni nigga FREE PIMP C! LEMME AT 'EM BUN! Lemme tell 'em for a minute Bun, share it to ya nigga dun Said they got some 'dro, but I'm the one them niggas get it from They talkin' shit it's in they best interest to get a gun Grab the mack and now you spend a half a clip and them niggas ruuunnn Sissy niggas sweeter than a cinnabon Want 'em knocked off, we the ones you call to get it donnneee Lot of rappers say they G's, I don't feel 'em none (naw) Yeah I s..s..sold keys and I'ma still a dun O.G. as usual, low key movin' In a Volt 3, don't look {*gun sounds*} +U Don't Know Me+ Gangsta, gangsta this ain't the time Attention to pump a paint, shit I ain't the kind You don't wanna see me that's why I say no thanks to nines AK's, AR's, man I can't decide I got the mind of a hustla, hellacious grind And I hold my city down like an anchor iron [Chorus w/ T.I. ad libs] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Akon, T.I. Album: Back on My B.S. Song: Don't Believe Em Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Akon] + (T.I.) When they tell you that you'll never get over (ha ha ha) Just tell 'em they're number one (el capitán partner) You're a champion (yeah, the Ali of my day, you know me) Don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over! (I can't hear ya, I'm way up here, what you say?) Just tell 'em they're number one (it's over for who, numero uno partner) You're a champion (ha ha ha, let's go Bust!) [Busta Rhymes] Now, there's, nothin you can do to stop a nigga from within With the hunger of a lion I secure another win (hey!) So passionate, you might even misinterpret it as arrogant I'm goin in (hey!) I'ma make the world feel my pain while I'm showin you my muscle and I hustle through the game And even though they leave us in the hood like we ain't SHIT We ain't got nothin but EVERYTHING to gain Look, even if a muh'fucker try to pop me I'm so BLESSED – do anything that you could do to stop me (STOP ME) Now I'm climbin up the ladder and I'm jumpin at the top You might wanna call me - ROCKY See there's more of us - UGLY You don't really wanna war with us – TRUST ME So glorious, that we from the bottom Still we victorious – HUG ME [Chorus: Akon] + (Busta Rhymes) I see it in your eyes, it ain't hard to tell They're watchin you (can't nobody ever stop what I'm doin) They just tellin you lies, they want you to fail They're plottin on you (and they can never stop my movement!) Sooooo, don't believe 'em when they try to say it's over (You know exactly what to tell 'em!) Just tell 'em they're number one (number one) You're a champion! [T.I.] Hey, see the websites lyin tryin to block my shine Don't you know you never will stop my grind? In a drop-top flyin like I don't got time Got e'rybody surprised that I won't drop dimes What's on yo' mind? Best get me off it At least quit lyin if you must keep talkin Go on with the nonsense, best keep walkin Boy how you sue us, send the lawyers to the office A lot of y'all got sprung like that shawty Couple months off, I'll be right back shawty With a brand new swag and a brand new .40 And a brand new ride, give a damn who saw it Nation-wide news, nigga yeah you saw it Shawty need a bodyguard for his bodyguard, don't he? Tip fallin off sound kinda odd, don't it? Y'all hate to see me ball? Take it up with God homie [Busta Rhymes] Any situation where you might get FED UP Gotta stay focused, homie keep your head up It don't really matter what the next one is doin Homie gotta handle your business and then you better STEP UP Live to the fullest for the dream you're pursuin Ain't nothin in the work gon' really stop what you're doin (OHH!) Go hard no matter what they be sayin Nigga don't quit cause you know we gotta keep it movin (OHH!) Take a look and see yourself in me Cause it's all about we (WE) Me and you securin a win together So we could be the best that we could ever be (OHH!) Stay up on your grind, be the first one to – SET IT People try to shut me down, I won't – LET IT I'm so stubborn for the success You know my motto - don't stop, get it, get it! [Akon] Tell 'em they're number one {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Cam'Ron, DMX, Ghostface, Swizz Beatz, T.I. Album: Stop the Party (Remix) 12" Song: Stop the Party (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] I-I-IAM IRONMAN!!!!! [Busta Rhymes] REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (WHAT WE WAITIN FOR SWIZZ!!! THE STREETS WANT IT NIGGA!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! OH!!!! YEAH!!!! OH!!! (REMIX!!!) GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! (REMIX!!!) GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!!  GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!!  I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (I DON'T EVEN GOTTA CHANGE MY VERSE FOR THIS SHIT!!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] SHIT!!!!! That's what it's comin TO Tell me how you wan't it BOO Fuck a line nigga see me skippin right in front of YOU Check! Trust me you don't really want it DUKE Open club security and pull my niggas off of YOU Why try stop it see we primetime comin THROUGH Shut it down disrespectful bitch that's what we love to DO Check the method how I shread it there ain't nothin NEW Actin like the club THREW [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Overlapping in the background "Run's House by Run-DMC) {"Reporters cry, producers die"} I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (T.I. WHERE YOU AT!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! {"They wanna be DOWN WITH THE KIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!"} [Verse Two: T.I.] We pull up to the club, park, hoppin out, bouncin Walkin in the door, the DJ just made an announcement The King in the building, women screamin, shoutin Remy bottles in the hand, standin on the couches Me, I don't smoke, but my niggas blowin ounces It's hot in here, she sweatin, see her nipples through her blouse and.. How can (what?!) -- I not be the hottest shit? I'm killin parties, body shit, ey wait a minute, stop it, Swizz [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Cam'Ron) I SAID WAIT!!!!!  {*"The Good, The Bad, The Ugly" theme song plays*} (Aw shucks man!!!! When the last time you heard somebody say aw shucks man!!!) (Oh God what we 'bout to do here?!) (*KILLA!!!!) (Where you at playboy?) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse Three: Cam'Ron] Uh, I'm a cyclone bull, dry-stoned y'all Wanna face time, nigga I fold four (four) Be patient, more beef waitin King James the game, #1 free agent I been winnin, you been losin DipSet back, got the U-N movin Movin chips, Frito-Lay You folks, yessir, I'm the east coast Dre [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*Overlapping in the background theme song for Ironman) I SAID WAIT!!!!! (AIYYO GHOST WHERE YOU AT NIGGA!!!!) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! [Verse Four: Ghostface] YO! I know a couple of real killers that's Catholic White boys that speed blacks cleanin they ratchets In the bloodline it's Irish, I'm the only Muslim in the pool They know I put that work in like a pirate Jails you slap the ox in the green jello Carvin your face is like the sound of a sweet demo Swiss knives and timid they roscoe Blood drippin over my crisp Nike's The streets the teks spit like tobasco Never sip the blue shit or pink Rose' That's more for like pretty women, you so lame So if you wanna get physical Staten Island goons is in the cut Tony Starks play the front like my genitials [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] (Busta Rhymes) (*DMX) I SAID WAIT!!!!!  {"20th Century Fox" theme music plays} (And y'all thought I was makin a movie already huh?) (WELCOME HOME DOG!!!!!!! Aw shucks man!!!!!) I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! (*GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!) (*WOO!!!!!!!!) I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! (*ARF!!! ARF!!!!) [Verse Five: DMX] I went away for a minute, it's like I'm back from the dead (YEA!) Relapse on you niggas, and crack some heads (AIGHT!) Lemme see - my plate's empty, yours is full You suck, real talk, C'MON with the bull! Guns clap like applause (YEA!!), tap tap on the doors (YEA!!) You gon' be like, "What's that??!," all you gon' hear is BAP!! thru the walls (YEA!!) I rep for the town that say, FUCK PATAKI!!!! (AIGHT!!!!!) Niggas from Clinton cop stop, and cack saki [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] I SAID WAIT!!!!!!!!! STOP THE PARTY!!!!!!! I DON'T WANNA HURT NOBODY BUT!!!!!!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! WHO HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HE'S A RAT!!!!!!!!!! TO THE HOOD HE COULD NEVER COME BACK RIGHT!!!!!!!! OH!!! YEAH!!! OH!!!  GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! OH!!! GET 'EM UP!!! GET GET 'EM UP!!! YEAH!!!! [Outro: Swizz Beatz] HUH! YEAH!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ French Montana, Jeremih, Ne-Yo, T.I., Tosh, Vybz Kartel Album: #Twerkit (Extended Remix) (S) Song: #Twerkit (Extended Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tosh] YO!!!! YUH DUN KNOW!!!! THIS TIME WHEN WE COME IN WE COME FI FLATLINE EVERYTING INNA THIS BUMBOCLAAT 'TIL CLASH DUN!!! FI REAL!!!!!!!!! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Big man, yes we deh 'bout, hear weh mi a talk Mad ting, nuh seh nuttin watch how dem gyal a walk This direction, fi wi section tun up time now Twerk it twerk it, see di remix ago dun dem now [Interlude: Tosh] HEAR A!!! A TUN UP TIME NOW!!! BUSTA WID DI WORL BOSS!!! [Male] (Vybz Kartel): Kartel mi seh!!! Gaza come afta!!! (Bumboclaat!!!) Cau widout Kartel there's no bloodclaat Gaza (*FI REAL!!!!!!!!!)  [Verse Two: Vybz Kartel] (Tosh) Hey gyal come twerk it twerk it siddung pon it come work it work it My long dick neva short circuit big batty gal bare man a observe it Mi nuh need nuh space fi mi wey now wine to di song dun wine 'til it playback Look inna mi eye and count every teardrop stop! (FI-FI-FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Boom pon di buddy boom di buddy gyal, tun backway fi di who di massage Twerk it gyal yuh large and in charge, baby yuh batty big like, Nicki Minaj BOOM BOOM BOOM! Di earth shake when yuh drop dung low yuh mek di earthquake  Punaany wet, punaany wet, punaany wet like Michigan lake (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Call Toronto gyal dem a wine pon Drake, just like ova di island bake Gyal seh mi sweet like chocolate cake I fuck dem leave dem what a heartache She feelings, play this mek every hot gyal a Portmore hear this Busta Rhymes weh di gyal dem seh when di gyal dem a wine and do [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Three: Ne-Yo] (Tosh) If I may, let me say You gotta that kinda booty make, we want pay, a bill or two I'm talkin rent, where you stay Could tell that these included just keep movin that way (FI-FI-FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Throwin it, rapid pace Then turned around and windin like she from Jamai-ca Lord have mer-er-er-er-er-ercy!!! Love the way she lookin back at it makin that face Shorty yuh dun know, what I do to it That girl for gettin me rock hard watchin her do it She wine like a champion, rom pom pom pom pom Center of, attention when she workin that tundra Shorty have to... [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Four: T.I.] (Tosh) Drop it down, hey country burn it by the pound Pussy lock it down, say who ain't ballin stop it now Bitch I know how they round, it ain't no squares off in my circle  Bitch bet get it straight, won't serve you less you movin weight (FI-FI-FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Fresh outta section eight, peruvian flakes on my plate We got the freshest shade, in my hood e'ryday a yellow tape In front of murder scene (*BANKHEAD!!!!) land of anarchy murder kings Wanna murder king? Tell Maino bring them dirty things (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Any borough bring, thirty chopper thirty beams With extended clip, hop out the ride and let it rip Who wanna play with Tip? I rob and make a nigga strip Right there on the strip, shed light then bitch you wanna trip Tell 'em... [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Five: Jeremih] (Busta Rhymes) (*Crowd) (**Tosh) (***Ladies) (Tw-Tw-Twerk it) Twerk ittttt (Twerk it) Twerk itttt  (Twerk it) Twerk itttt (Twerk it) Twerk itttt  (Twerk it) Twerk itttt (Twerk it) Twerk itttt  (Twerk it) Twerk itttt (Jeremih!!!) Baby won't you, come here girl and twerk it (*HEY! HEY! HEY!) (Twerk that ass girl!) (**FI-FI-FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Dreams about that, bodyyyyyyy!!!!! It twerkin!!! (*HEY! HEY! HEY!) (Twerk-Twerk-Twerk that ass girl!) (**YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Twerk that thang for me, lookin back on me Shawty got a donkey, now come and ride this pony She can handle it, by just lickin her lips I'll tell her don't talk, and hope she take the.... Look at them titties (***HEYYYYY!!!!) now that's a flashback Got damn that ass fat! spendin all my ASCAP'S Please just go 'head twerk it, 'cause don't know how to work it 9 to 5 you work it, off that off that twerkin [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Six: French Montana] (Tosh) You know the repertoire know we pop the ace no debit card Coke Boyz, Busta that's my dog no reservoirs Sick grain talkin big chains I got seven on Big moves carry big tools talkin Lebanon Ride with killers smokin on that loud but they very calm Come her girl shake it on the pole it's a heavy storm More ya talk, got your main girl with her titties shown She's straight, eatin cheesecake with, Diddy Combs Likkle man, don't be talkin crazy off the liquor mon Big mouth, bought a big house, ten acre mon (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Shine! +Dutty Wine+ it Tony Matterhorn Coke Boyz, E. Ali (FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) my niggas forever shine [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cee-Lo f/ Jazze Pha, T.I. Album:  Cee-Lo Green is the Soul Machine Song:   The One Typed by: mnm1383@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Hey! Hey! Yea (oh shit) yea yea yea (I see you girl) (Shorty, you know what you doing) Yea yea yea We gon' start this shit off right We got Suga D-Nice in the house tonight We gon' start this shit off right We got Slick Jazzy Pha in the house tonight We gon' start this shit off right We got T.I.P. (Bankhead nigga!) in the house tonight We gon' start this shit off right And slick be at home is in the house tonight [Hook] You the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one Cuz you the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one [Verse One: Cee-Lo] See when we ride through, we let them see it from the side view Slow and even so you know no one denied you The parking lot look like these niggaz like to ride too They didn't win but I must admit they tried to Look like we talked up, when we walked up And when we walked in, money talk then The bar was bought then, we couldn't be caught then I see you looking lil' girl, let's go get lost then Every so often out on and off them (I wanna go shit and you know this) Well is there anyone else that you could go with Cool run it back OK, see if she'll play wit Pha [Hook] You the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one Cuz you the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Raw, Raw, Raw, Raw-hide! [Verse Two: T.I.] 'Bout ten mo minuets and I'm ready to ride I got ten mo bitches Imma fit up inside This suburban or Excursion or whatever I ride I bet it's chrome on the wire, vogue on the tire T.I.P. refer to me as your majesty or sire Higher then the rest, Italian drop dead fresh So much say what I feel with southern finesse So debonair if he dare bet he got best dressed Full length mink, gator belt gator vest including shoes A ten thousand dollar outfit bitch Yes, dude he dress to impress A bitch enough to make her want to give me her dress Blessed with the gift of gab to get gals Hot enough to hit they pals so get down You looking good enough to come give me a kiss now Get a room at the Swiss big as a beach house [Hook] You the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one Cuz you the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one [Verse Three: Cee-Lo] You're lookin nice. Hell, let's toast to the broken ice We've seen each other once and already we've spoken twice So stay or at the most a moment longer to hear me say I really did miss you the last time that you went away I'm serious, I must have you, I won't waste your time And have you wishin' that somehow you could replace the time I don't do any magic tricks to try and make the mind I just convinced that the reality is that you have to race the time She said "You a playa ain't you, could have what you want can't you" I replied that I'm also an artist baby I could paint you In the frame and I don't try hard to not be the same So she knew she was gon' come before she came [Hook] You the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one Cuz you the one girl, you the one girl You the one girl, you the one girl Put your finger in the air if you the one girl Raw, Raw, Raw, Raw-hide!(Girl did you know that ahh...) [Cee-Lo] It's our privilege, to have had this conversation It's our privilege, and to have had this relation It's our privilege, I been searching all evening For somebody who can and finally sent me the one It's our privilege, to have made you laugh It's our privilege, and to have crossed your path It's our privilege, your the star yes you are Can have your autograph cuz you lookin like the one It's our privilege, to have seen your face It's our privilege, and I bet you taste so good, let's get one thing understood I'll be good yes I would, especially for the one It's our privilege, let have a head-on collision It's our privilege, girl you made the right decision It's our privilege, (laughing) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ciara f/ Jazze Pha, T.I. Album: Goodies Song: Goodies (Remix) Typed by: trizl234@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ciara] My goodies, my goodies, my goodies, NOT MY GOODIES! [Verse 1 - Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen! Whoa Whoa Whoa! Say, looky looky. Aw suki suki! Want dem goody goodies? Dats my pookie tuki.G one gurl! Get ya back up off tha wall Do dat matrix part but don't fall! Aw naw we aint neva done it You want a hit? Stamp SHO' NUFF on it (Ladies and gentlemen) Pay attention Ciara's what the game been missin I aint come here to play wit yall And naw I dont play no ball, I just BALLLLL Dranks for all yall. Gin gale in it Put ya cups up! Zin Zale sent it [Verse 2 - Ciara] You may look at me and think that I'm Just a young girl But I'm not just a young girl Baby this is what I'm lookin for: Sexy, independent, down to spend it type that's gettin his dough I'm not bein too dramatic that's the way I gotta have it I bet you want the goodies Bet you thought about it Got you all hot and bothered Maybe cuz I talk about it Lookin for the goodies Keep on lookin cuz they stay in the jar Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh Oh-oh [Verse 3 - Ciara] Just because you drive a Benz I'm not goin home wit you You won't get no nookie or the cookies I'm no rookie And still I'm sexy, independent I aint wit it so you already know I'm not bein too dramatic, that's the way I gotta have it You think your slike, tryna hit But I'm not dumb I'm not bein too dramatic, its just how I gotta have it [Verse 4 - T.I.] You way too hot to keep ya goodies on lock Call me the locksmith, I got the key to that box I wanna see you next to me in that drop Us chillin in Tahiti no shoes, no socks Maybe in Jamaica poppin bottles on the Yacht Then dock it in Miami grand hustle don't stop Give it to me cuz you wanna, I aint workin for it You can keep ya nigga look at me(look at me) You think I'm hurting for it? [Verse 5 - Ciara] You're insuating that I'm hot But these goodies boy are not Just for any of the many men that's tryna get on top No you can't call me layta And I dont want your numba I'm not changin stories, just respect the play I'm callin [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Missy Elliott, T.I., Young Dro Album: Just Like You Song: Let it Go (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] (T.I.) You need to get if he don't wanna (Ey, ey, Keyshia Cole) LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna (ey, ey, Grand Hustle) It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. (Ey, ey, ey, ey) WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA (Ey, ey..) [T.I. overlaps] (Young Dro) What's happenin, shawty? You know me! It's THE KING! (It's Young Dro) Aight now (I'ma show you how we be) REMIX!! [Young Dro] Face it, I'm messin around with lil' shawty She be at the mall, bustin it down wit lil' shawty (Ay, what yo do?) I took her out the Cabo and shot that Balenciaga (damn!) I show 'em how that Vu' tatin look up in the Gallardo Why doe? My girl, she ain't makin me feel right (okay) I mess around with shawty, she be makin me feel like (yes) I could have somethin so we bond and let it go But afterwhile, you gon' have to go on and let it go [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he''s at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (REMIX!!) [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] See you been tryna make me feel like you don't love me anymore (anymooore) And you've been tryna make me feel that you don't need me, ANY-more (anymooore) But baby, I won't let you play games You wanna leave, then you can go! (you can goooo) I know you heard him {Grand Hustle}, it ain't where he's at {Grand Hustle} IT'S WHERE HE WANNA BEEEEEEE-EEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! {Grand Hustle} [T.I.] Grand Hustle Remix! It's smashin.. The phone stay ringin Even though my gul got a ten-carit rang and them stones stay blingin (bling!) Them hoes stay schiemin (wha?), I see it in they eye when I'm leanin in the ride, cause the chrome stay gleamin See I'm champagne wishin (I see ya), caviar dreamin To kick it wit the King, they are really a-fiendin So they laugh for no reason (what?), drops all hatin (okay) Wishin they was in your situation, so that why we take two vacations One wit all the kids, then one wit all the strippers that ya crew stay chasin Chillin in a Camry (okay), far away from fame and all the other situation weighin heavy on the brain And now we Margarita drankin (drankin), champagne poppin (pop!) All night, pool parties got +Big Thangs Poppin+ (HEY!) Six G's in the pool, just get naked 'fore you hop in Tops and bottoms, hoes spot, just holla - ay! [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Lil Wayne, T.I. Album: Destiny Fulfilled Song: Soldier Typed by: n_cap@hotmai.com * * send corrections to the typist [T.I] (Destinys Child) Hey (I want a Soldier!) The way you got it, I'm the hottest around They'll know it when they see you rollin' impala's around (I got a Soldier!) Wit the top down feeling the sounds Quakin' and vibratin' your thighs ridin' harder than guys Wit the chrome wheels at the bottom, white leather inside When them lames be spittin' at you tell 'em don't even try it To shot it wit Chelle and kick it wit Kelly or holla at B Ya, gotta be g's you way outta your league Please! [Kelly] (Destinys Child) We like dem boys that be in them lac's leanin'(Leanin') Open their mouth their grill gleamin'(Gleamin') Candy paint, keep that whip clean and (Clean and) (They always be talkin that country slang, we like) They keep that beat that be in the back beatin'(Beatin') Eyes be so low from there chief (chief and) I love how he keep my body screamin' (Screamin') A rude boy that's good to me, wit street credibility Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) We like dem boys up top from the BK (BK) Know how to flip that money three ways (Three ways) Always ridin' big on the freeway {Freeway} (Wit that east coast slang that us country girls we like) Low cut caesars wit the deep waves (deep waves) So quick to snatch up your Beyonce (Beyonce) Always comin down poppin our way (Our way) (Tellin us that country girls the kinda girl they like) Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street Bridge: [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna take care of me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Don't mind takin one for me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna spend that on me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Wouldn't mind puttin that on me (Where they at) [Lil Wayne] Hey, see cash money is a army I'm walkin' wit purple hearts on me You talkin' to the sargeant Body marked up like the subway in harlem Call him, weezy f baby, please say the baby If you don't see me on the block I ain't tryna hide I blend in wit the hood, i'm camouflage Bandana tied, so mommy join my troop Now every time she hear my name she so ..umf… [Michelle] (Destinys Child) I like dem boys over there they lookin' strong tonight (Strong tonight) Just might give one the phone tonight (Phone tonight) Homey in the dickies in my zone tonight (Zone tonight) He don't know it might be on tonight (On tonight) Ooh he lookin' good and he talkin' right (Talkin' right) He the type that might change my life (Change my life) Everytime he look at me my girls be like (Girls be like) (That one may be the one tonight) Hook: [Destinys Child] If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he lookin' at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Known to carry big things If you know what I mean If his status ain't hood I ain't checkin' for him Betta be street if he looking at me I need a soldier That ain't scared to stand up for me Gotta know to get dough And he betta be street Bridge: [Beyonce] (Destinys Child) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) They wanna take care of me (Where they at) I know some soldiers in here (Where they at, where they at) Wouldn't mind puttin that on me (Where they at) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, T.I. Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Hello Good Morning Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello... Good morning... Hello!.... Good morning!... Know you been wai-... ...-tin for it... 'Cause I seen... ...you watching So let's go... Let's get it poppin [Dirty Money] 'Cause I been leanin on the bar, lookin cleaner than a star These broads won't give me my props Twenty-five on the bag, I be stuntin on they ass and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop [Chorus: Diddy] (Dirty Money) Got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) Still life but it's lookin like a movie... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) And ev'rybody know who the truth beee.... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) I blow 'cause I'm blowin on that OOH-WHEE~!! (You know, you know, we know, we on that) Hello [T.I.] Hello, good morning, how you doin? We're at the movie of "Welcome to the Future," I’m the Cap'n of the Cool Kids The revolution's NEVER been televised Great booty, better thighs, I ain't wanna tell her bye First I tell her hi, then I give her one and let her fly Never tell a lie, tonight you couldn't find a better guy King shit, flyer than anyone you get seen with Gangsta distinguished, cool as a penguin Got a team of 'em on the field, finna bring wit G5 waitin, fly away at my convenience You seen T.I.P., checkin in a 5-star suite  with some 5-star freaks, gettin high all week (Let's GO!!!!) Catch me in the week, I was up all night when y'all sleep in a fast car, superbad broads, back seat That's me, see I'm nothin nice, fuck a couple nights With the moon say goodbye and the sun greetin us like... [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello...   (Yeah, c'mon) Good morning... Hello!.... Good evening!... You blow... You feenin... 'Cause you know... ...that you really need it And I'm the one that you wanna be with But right now baby, you dreamin -- Wake up and turn the lights off [Dirty Money] 'Cause I been leanin on the bar, lookin cleaner than a star These broads won't give me my props Twenty-five on the bag, I be stuntin on they ass and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop [Diddy] Hello... (Let's go) Good morning... (Let's work) Hello... (Let's go) Good morning... (Let's work) Hello... {beat changes} Aiyyo..aiyyo, turn me up a lil' bit more I don't think they can hear me Check this out...Bad Boy, bitch! Let's work...c'mon Let's work...non-stop, let's rock Make you feel good too, let's work... Don't stop I see you, let's work It's that Dirty Money [Diddy rap verse] Uh, how fly is he? Yo' baby momma +Cry for Me+ like Jodeci (let's go) So how you not notice me? PUll up to the club in the coldest V Ugh...literally cold Little did he know how that nigga Diddy flow ...How that nigga Diddy go  so hard like a crowbar, still gettin dough Whoa whoa, whoa... Hahaha (Turn the bass up!) Hey, I like this (c'mon, can you feel it?) Can you feel it? ...Nothin can save ya Uh, it's that Dirty Money (Turn the lights on!) [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello...   (Yeah, c'mon) Good morning... Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Jim Ross, Rick Ross, T.I., Willie Da Kid, Young Buck, Young Jeezy Album: Gangsta Grillz 2 * Song: Feds Takin Pictures Typed by: mr_doogie17@yahoo.com * cut from the final version of the album (Chorus) Feds (repeated scratching) takin' pictures (Young Jeezy) The Feds takin pictures on me nigga's still snitchin on me (nah) 900 for the sip what you think I'm smoking homie (haha) oh what you think I'm joking homie blue rims, yeah the coupes crip walk (woo) certified plastic think I'd rather make hits? between me and you yeah I'd rather flip bricks so tell me what's wrong with glass pots and a scale pose for them bitches like the double XL (Willie Da Kid) Homie we ball til we fall Magic City we to the mall trying to stay out of reach of the long arm of the law I'm calm like snowfall through preliminary hearings they indicting niggas for bootlegging and racketeering prolly got me on the camera while I'm copin' out the car lot I'm coming out the banks, big cred' with the Karl box' its Willie my futures bright like a highlighter they taking pictures cause I'm fly like a skydiver (chorus) (Jim Jones) JONES! You ain't seen money (nope) until you seen me (Jones!) 220 for Bentley GTC (ballin!) and the money ain't a thing like J Dupri (it's nothing) when you ballin round the country like the major league (pick a team) so peace up, A town down (A town down) tear your streets up with them A-K rounds (bang bang) now whatchu know about that? I know all about that 3 birds, 3 nights can make a 100 thousands stacks (that weight nigga) and man they got it on camera (whaat?) the Feds been watching since the boy touched Atlanta (Rick Ross) I'm the biggest mobster to ever hit the pop charts I'm a easy target they know a nigga rock hard get a clean check cut slip it in my account write ‘em out a china white a lil cut'll wipe ‘em out I aint with the rapping boy, I'm puttin in the work in these niggas with the rapid lay his ass in the church get some information for you informants I got the YAY and I'm selling them cheaper than yesterday so whatchu say? (chorus) (Young Buck) They snapping while we trapping trying to find out what happened they wanna lock me up before my album go platinum I took my cell phone and through it my bank account I blew it I got to cut my conversations, I donn't want to do it, but who's that peeping in my window it ain't no love they tired of telling on they kinfolk so if you've ever been broke and turn a penny to a twenty let me hear you holla if you want me come get me (T.I.P.) Whether you know me as T.I. or you can call me T.I.P. and know the APD and FBI they talk about the G.I.B. and they know I be high when I'm in the V.I.P I'm sure they see me as I fly through the city and that brand new V.I.B. young, rich, and famous with a pistol you can call me Chi Ali but I'm the greatest in Atlanta they be calling me Ali (chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Akon, Snoop Dogg, T.I. Album: Gangsta Grillz: The Album Song: Day Dreaming Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Akon] Shirley temple on ice She makes it just right That extra grenadine got me feelin' so nice Her body's so tight up under that light I see her so clearly now, she's right there before my eyes Chorus [Akon] Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me wander'n now Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Verse 1 [Snoop Dogg] 5 foot 8 on the late what a date, she fell for the hook and the bait I took her to the yacht, the shrimp and steak Then I took her to the gym so she could get in shape But I like No more drama, just late night thrills Nigga in the hood with the gangsta grillz Fillin out stacks of bills, jaguar like Jacksonville Bringing these hoes like Jacks and Jill Chorus [Akon] Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me wander'n now Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Verse 2 [Akon] I'm looking at the most beautiful thang in the world (world, world, world) Her body's so perfect and spinin like a cinnamon swirl (swirl, swirl, swirl) She looks like a fairy tale, but yet feels so natural (natural, natural, natural) This one's a beast, but way to wonderful to be compared to an animal She's like what I'm sippin on Shirley temple on ice She makes it just right That extra grenadine got me feelin' so nice Her bodies so tight up under that light I see her so clearly now, she's right there before my eyes Verse 3 [T.I.] Hey I sit and gaze hazy eyed as I day dream Her n her girls on the stage doin they thing Double D's full of silicon and saline She thirty but look only a day over 18 Her booty big enough to swallow up a g-string Hey gon put that ass on me like a bee sting Hey let the King on, beat it like a tambourine And peel ya out ya jeans and eat it like a tangerine Chorus [Akon] Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me wander'n now Can you believe my fantasy girl is a go-go dancer (dancer) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) She got me day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) Yes I'm day dreamin' (Left and right, watch her goin up and down, left right) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Lloyd, T.I., Willie the Kid Album: Gangsta Grillz: The Album Song: No More Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com Intro [Willie The Kid] Yeah, Willie The Kid Bright lights, street lights Verse One [Willie The Kid] Summertime in apartment 409 Had to clean up the kitchen with 409 It Was cookin up work, while my granny at work My big cause he aint understand me at first He said, the court room or the casket I'm like dude, either way you need cash and a nice suit The street lights where I found my strength Be with four rich men, and you bound to be the fifth Let's go Chorus [Lloyd] I lost my daddy at a early age Told my mama don't cry for me If I trade tomorrow in for yesterday, oh how much different my life would be But that's in my dreams, back to reality Tryna get outta these street lights, so I won't have to live this street life No more, No More [x2] No Verse Two [Lloyd] Just gotta learn to deal with problems If you're young and from slum with no father Got killed when you was little, still got mama She try to tell him go to school, but why bother When gettin' paid is the only way to solve 'em Seems the stars get farther and farther Out of my reach, out of these streets Will they ever make it big Chorus [Lloyd] Cause I lost my daddy at a early age Told my mama don't cry for me If I trade tomorrow in for yesterday, oh how much different my life would be But that's in my dreams, back to reality Tryna get outta these street lights, so I won't have to live this street life No more, No More [x2] No Bridge [Lloyd] I ain't ashamed to say that I shed a tear Thinkin bout my dad I wish I had him back I'd give up everything just to have him here After this storm and rain I have no fear Gotta keep holdin on, hold my head up strong I know it won't be long until we'll be together again, foreal Verse Three [T.I.] I'm livin' for the moment If I could turn back the days Sure, you could turn this back Hey, I was born with the hustle, never been a sucker Daddy wasn't in the crib, dat made me tougher Momma struggled with the bills, Dat made me stuff up Powder in a sack, which made me dumber Now I'm standin on the corner, bag full of Marijuana, Crack Pistol my pocket for anybody who disrespect In the trap chillin' where robbers and killers, kick it at My arms up in the feds for ten, they say I'm goin' in Haaaa, bet dat I'm a stretch that, backish to this rappers Show these niggas what I'm best at Get a lil' check, flip it and invest that Years later, oh now you see what my heads at Like meals chasers, we be everywhere the bread at You keep on hatin', you'll be layin' where the dead at You rappers suckers, you can tell them that I said that If nothin' else but the hustle, you gon respect that Chorus [Lloyd] Oh yeah I lost my daddy at a early age Told my mama don't cry for me If I trade tomorrow in for yesterday, oh how much different my life would be But that's in my dreams, back to reality Tryna get outta these street lights, so I won't have to live this street life No more, No More [x2] No Outro [Lloyd] Guess, this is my life And I wanna live it right I don't wanna run the streets no more, no [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Future, Ludacris, T.I., Young Jeezy Album: Quality Street Music Song: We In This Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Future] We got money in our pocket, and whatever you're sipping on Red-bottom limping around this bitch, what the fuck you tripping on? Twenty goons, they in this bitch, you better check your tone And they gon put you back in place if you do something wrong We in this bitch, yeah we in this bitch We got a section full of girls and they barely speak any English Let's toast it up to that life and I mean it [Young Jeezy] We in this bitch, we in this ho I got the .40 on me now, who wants to Plaxico? Shout to Gangsta Gibbs, he the next to blow You should see my gangster grill, I light the shit from blow Snowy car transforming instead of transformer You ever cook the whole thing on a George Foreman? What about a nine on the gas grill? Four-fifty for the silk, pay my gas bill So many horses in the 'rari, park it in the barn Took the ice up out my cup and put it in my charm And this bad bitch with me from another planet Stay on the satellite phone - man, I can't stand it Hey baby girl, hang the phone up No talking with your mouth full - you's a grown-up What the fuck? Who the hell? Flashback in this bitch, thought I seen a scale [T.I.] You know how we handle shit, gangster gutter glamorous Zone One Atlanta shit, over all the amateurs I'm walking off in here, a boss so, dog, approach with caution though Disrespect is tolerated, that's some shit you ought to know Niggaz say they ball, yeah, but I'm balling harder though Cold as the nose on a Appalachian Eskimo It finna go down, ho, popping bottles, drown hoes Paid niggaz with us, ain't no broke niggaz around so Excuse me - who is he? I don't do this usually But I'm too fresh to fight - somebody go and get security I'm buying this, buying that, getting that check and flyin jet Boucheron, Constantine, Puff like, where you find that? American at the nature, boy, a lot of nigga hate your boy Pocket full of money, got more paper than a paperboy Hoes jocking, on Twitter trending topic Future, Jeezy, Cris, and Drama Tip say, let's go get it popping [Ludacris] I'm popping plenty bottles, like I got plenty bricks Call me Mr. Marcus, I'm in this bitch Super drink, super smoke and some super hoes VIP looking like we won the fucking Superbowl Thirsty chicks trying to give it, I don't want it You been in more laps than the Indy 500 Conjure's what we drinking, faded til the world end Never see me planking, unless I'm on your girlfriend Ludacris, I been a staple in this Southern game Got the best lines, so I guess I'm slinging Southern caine My money's louder, you rappers need to hush more My presidents rock, my accounts are Mount Rushmore On the island and my phone is hitting dead spots Altoid can of blue pills, that's my X-box You could hate, you could dis, you could make a wish But eight albums, and Luda's still in this bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Future, Lil Wayne, T.I. Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Bitches & Bottles (Let's Get it Started) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Intro] Turn it up... turn it up!! (DJ KHALED) [Chorus: Future] Let's get it started, let's go dumb and retarded Let's get high as we wanna, let's go and burn up a forest Better load up the cartridge, get the car it's inside it Let's put some ice on your watches and designer on your body Let's order bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's order bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles Bitches and bottles, let's get it started [T.I.] I'm turned up 'til my knob broke, say turn down I say nah ho3 My neck +Rocky+ like +Balboa+, my watch official, it's uncalled for In the same regions on all floors, I got six sluts on all fours They french kiss and say bonjour, I got my own shine but I won't show I'm stupid rich, got stupid bitches, who stupid thick in Louboutin Don't like me? Fuck you again, wanna fight me? Well come do it then Right hand to God on everything I see the hearts of men and they very lame I won't entertain no punk shit, they talk shit and I run shit Boy you tryin to get what I been here, headed down for like 10 years I'm gettin it in 'til it's unreal, let's say one album, like ten mill' Plus my swag is stupid low IQ (gone) hurt nigga feelin I don't try to But when you ballin like I do, you know something nigga don't like you [Lil Wayne] It's Tunechi, you bitch you, I like sticky weed and sticky pussy Sittin on like a hundred mill', I treat that shit like whoopie cushion Ballin on them fuck niggaz, they on the bench I benchpress 'em They hatin from the sidelines, they pissed off, piss test 'em Man I'm on that lean, liquor for them bitches Who's fuckin with me? all I hear is crickets I got stank up in my Swisher, my bitch pussy smell like roses She on that Molly, I'm on that Mary, I'm on that +Mary+ like +Joseph+ Man I'm married to this shit, you can call it Shit Carter Dick stay up, like it got insomnia All them niggaz hatin, fuck ya in your pussy The best things in life are free, free my nigga Boosie Gone [Interlude] Ayy (let's order bitches and bottles) DJ KHALED! (Let's order bitches and bottles) (Let's order up another model) (Let's order up another model) [Outro: DJ Khaled] I make hits, I find hits and I put hits out It's We the Best, it's Y.M.C.M.B. Lil Wayne, T.I., Future DJ Khaled, fuck boys suck a dick Bow down, +Kiss the Ring+ Shit real over here Bitch I'm the biggest mogul in the game Salute {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Akon, Birdman, Fat Joe, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, T.I. Album: We the Best Song: We Takin' Over Typed by: TonyMontana131@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Akon] Oh, oh [Khaled] DJ Khaled! [Akon] Konvict Music, yeah [Khaled] We the best We takin' over Listennn! [T.I.] Ay, ay Started in Atlanta, then I spread out wit' it South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi On to North Carolina, Phildelphia and Virginia From down in Miami where it warm in the winter On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter Jackson then Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn. holla at me Me in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland daddy I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett Drop six-fo', three-wheel then switch it Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches Got a glock fo'-fifth, blow your head off wit' it Anything you hear that I said, I meant it King got the crown then sped off it wit' it Say you need bricks, I said I get it [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Rick Ross] Triple C, Black Flag We rich, yeah [Khaled] Listennn! [Rick Ross] Boss, it's what I does I get money everyday, everyday I does That Benz, is how I ride Black flag on the left, two hoes and ride You better, move! Ak all day Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my niece I'm +B.I.G.+ like Diddy Damn it, I'm wit' it Khaled we did it, Biggie of my city Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty The (?) can get (?), stupid, I'm silly Money that come, runnin' like water Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous Miami on fire, you better be, cautious Might get shot on the porch of your fortress Now they see that you know I'm from Port City I run in 'cause Rick Ross is boss shit [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Fat Joe] Cribs Mania Khaled! BX, TS nigga [Khaled] Listennn! [Fat Joe] Blat, when you see Crack, better duck like the mac gotta ease past, nigga what Shit, I don't give fuck, I run these streets Y'all talk that shit, I want that beef I'ma tell you like a g told me They'll come back quick if a nigga O.D Cash Rule Everything Around Me I'm YSL, Versace You could see me in that Porsche GT Comin' down Sunset, sittin' on D's Feelin' like 'Pac, All Eyez On Me Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees Nigga please, I spit crack every verse a ki Some say Khaled, some say Colli Twelve years down and I'm finally free, crack! [Akon] If you want to, we can supply you Got enough work, to feed the whole town They won't shoot you, unless you try to Come around and try to stomp on our ground 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time Said we takin' over, one city at a time [Khaled] Listennn! [Birdman] Birdman daddy, I'm number one Nigga came at me wrong so we got him done Fuckin' with the fam', I'ma give him son Spent that co'ner, he didn't run Sunday had a whole church singin' a song "Why'd they have to send my baby home?" Fuckin' with some nigga, that paper long Been a g in the game now my son on the throne [Lil Wayne] I am the beast Feed me rappers or feed me beats I am untamed, I need a leash I am insane, I need a shrink I love brain, I need a leech Why complain on easy streets? I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak and I like, my Sprite Easter pink And my wrist special par but the Mula's cooler I have more jewels than your jeweler Touch and I will bust, your medulla That's a bullethole, it is not a tumor Red light, red light, stop your rumors I stay on track like a box of Pumas Now just r-r-rock with Junior I am the little big Kahuna, y'dig? [Akon] 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ T.I. Album: Trauma Song: Indiscretions in the Back of the Limo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yo, yo, yo, yo Ay, ay, ay, ay, c'mon Yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah-yeah-ye-yo, uh ay Yo, ay, ay, ay, ay, c'mon Ay look shorty tell your homegirl put the puss on the wood, make the dick go wood y'know? [over Intro] Pimp Squad clique ya dig? Big {?} done told y'all niggaz one time DJ Quik in this bitch ya already know what it is hoe A-Town's own one Bankhead homey (Bankhead!) All the way to Compton ya dig? [T.I.] I got a bad bitch from Cali that love to blow cavi Kinda bitch that suck ya dick and make you wanna get married Seem like she squeeze in them jeans just barely I can see the pussy pokin like your pants bustin open Now we hydro blowin in the Cadillac coastin On the way to the liquor store to go and pull a foursome Tell her pop two of these then lemme see your knees bend Hit the club find a bitch who familiar to freakin Tell her shawty look, all you need is three friends And get you to the suites, I'ma give you what you need then Nine inches from behind on you bitches 'Til your pussy need stitches and spines outta commission Listen tell 'em if they're ready to breeze Bet whatever they can't eat your pussy better than me If it's a gamble tell 'em meet me by the Phantom at 3 And now I'm, standin with three bitches challengin me Before you know it [Chorus: T.I.] Three bitches in the back of the ride Suckin dick 'til they're satisfied Fo' bitches in the back of the ride Suckin titties 'til they satisfied I got, five bitches in the back of the ride They ass pokin from the back of they thighs As I say, six bitches in the back of the ride Eatin pussy 'til they satisfied, c'mon [T.I.] Five in the morning broads at my do' White Air Forces walkin 'cross the hardwood flo' Open up the door don't recognize a face But was surprised by the size of her thighs and waist Ay, waste no time tell her come on in I'm fresh out of Grey Goose and no more Henn' But shawty got a thong on and fo' mo' friends See when you live like the man ye ain't gotta pretend I got her kissin in the mouth on the couch in the den Then I put it in right up over her chin Tell her rub in your face, it'll clear up your skin And that's with all due respect, I ain't tryin to offend ya It's, like I told you when we met at the club You in the, wrong place if you were lookin for love I'm fin' to find a couple freaks, buy a bottle and dip Y'all oughta be followin Tip to holler and miss, I got [DJ Quik] I'm dope, I'm bomb, I'm wounded and I'm so feeble Can't believe the bullshit I'm gettin from these people If I go to San Diego, I can't get no bitch Because the B-Dawgs beat the shit out of 'em all, and they tragic Bitin off they nipples and bash 'em like y'all savage Pullin out they hair got they self esteem damaged I still love pussy but I don't eat the shit that comes with it You can keep it if I can't hit and quit it because It's D-J Q-U-I-C-K who you thought it was C-O-M-P-T-O-N, flossin the proper buzz I cut my perm out so I wouldn't look burned out A young thug geekin off these beats that I churned out I'm bad, I'm the Mad Hatter, wish I was fatter But that's a dream weighin on my life like a triple beam A life that simple seems harder to fathom So I'm in Manhattan and Harlem gettin at 'em, in a Bentley [New Chorus - Quik] Three bitches in the back of the ride Suckin dick until they satisfied Fo' bitches in the back of the ride Lickin nipples 'til they satisfied We got, five bitches in the back of the ride They ass pokin out the back of they thighs Six bitches in the back of the ride Spendin money cause we satisfied The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Mary J. Blige, Swizz Beatz, T.I. Album: Thank Me Later Song: Fancy Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Go, ah go 'head Ah go, go, ah go 'head Ah go, go, go-go-go, go 'head Ah go, go, go-go-go, ah go 'head [Chorus: Swizz Beatz w/ Mary J. Blige singing along] Oh you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh? Nail done, hair done, everything did N-n-nails done, hair done, everything did Oh you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh? You, you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh? Nail done, hair done, everything did N-n-nails done, hair done, everything did Oh you fancy huh? [Drake] Uhh... You gettin ready so I know we gon' be here a while In the bathroom, flat irons and nail files Spendin hours in salons on your hairstyle And in the mall, steady rackin up the air miles Hit the gym, step on the scale, stare at the number You say you droppin ten pounds preparin for summer And you don't do it for the man, men never notice You just do it for yourself, you the fuckin coldest Intelligent too, ooh you're my sweetheart I've always liked my women book and street smart Long as they got a little class like half days And the confidence to overlook my past ways Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in But they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in And look, I really think nobody does it better I love the way that you put it together, uh [T.I.] Sup girl? Well aren't you a breath of fresh air from all these superficial gold diggin bitches in here They get a baller, think that they ain't gotta pick a career Guess they plan on suckin dicks until some millions appear Like voila - you do it right he just might buy you a car Man she play these suckas just like B.o.B play the guitar Now here you are, with your girls havin drinks at the bar I say I'm buyin, you decline, that is kinda bizarre Independent with the demeanor of an R&B singer Naked ring finger (check) M3 Beamer (check) Champagne Range, triple white Jag Closet full of brand new clothes and handbags Alexander McQueen, Prada, Gucci, Chanel D&G, BCBG, Versace, Louie and bebe You ain't needy, greedy or easy as these other breezies who fuck for bottles of Riesling and bowls of baked ziti You fancy, huh? [Drake] Atlanta girls, let me see your hands Wave 'em at them bitches hatin on you with they friends Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big, uh Nail done, hair done, everything big And my N.Y. girls, let me see your hands Wave 'em at them bitches hatin on you with they friends Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big, uh Nail done, hair done, everything big and my And my L.A. girls, let me see your hands Wave 'em at them bitches hatin on you with they friends Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big Nails done, hair done, everything big And my T.O. girls, let me see your hands Wave 'em at them bitches hatin on you with they friends Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big Nail done, hair done, nail done, hair done [Swizz Beatz] Said go Cinderella, go Cinderella Orgasm blush, lipstick and concealer Devil in a tight dress, girl you a killer And ain't nobody realer, and ain't nobody realer Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, showtime Go, go, go, go - as (as) we (we) pro-ceed! [Drake] Uhh, 5-and-a-half in boys, ass is off the hook Cinderella 'bout to lose the glass off her foot And when I find it, is when I find you And we can do the things we never got the time to Better late than never, but never late is better They tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together I'm down for whatever, you just lead the way We go to dinner you don't even look at me to pay Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me And Jason had this girl Tammy with a purple Bentley How she got it I ain't never get to ask I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash Yeah, but shoutout to the homeowners The girls that got diplomas and enough money to loan us a little somethin extra, should we ever need it If it sounds like you then let me hear you repeat it [MJB] You fancy... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ Lil Flip, T.I. Album: DJ Fusion - Southern Comfort 3 Song: Gangsta Niggaz (Exclusive) Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook x2, Eightball) We represent it to the fullest Keep it gangsta mang You know them niggas from the dirty Do them gangsta thangs Hoes love it when I pull up in my big ol' truck They smokin good Wit that crocodile touchin they butt (Verse 1, Eightball) Call it what'chu want I do it with the best Spit it how I live it Fat Boy, he dange-ress Watch what'cha say My squad don't play My hood like Viagra Make you hard all day Don't talk about it, be About it like a G I pop it like a Ruger Semi-automatically Ya girlfriend love it She tell me when I see her She hate'chu like you hate me I rock it like Aaliyah Back and forth, up and down Harder, and deeper She hit me on my cell-phone, e-mail and beeper A regular nigga with makin money on my mind A young street hustla Always on the grind See me when ya see me Never know when I be pullin up Four-door, foreign, or big rims on American truck That's me with the clouds comin out the roof On the street or in the booth, yo (Hook x2) (T.I) Grand Hustle! T.I.P! Let's go! Ohhh! (Verse 2, T.I.) Aye nigga Call it what'chu want I give it to ya real Spit it how I live it pimp It is what it is They can't kick it where I kick it They ain't live how I live Ain't just another run of the mill rapper with a deal Wanna push my buttons? Tryin'a test my limits? Been in shoot-outs But thanks to my vest, I'm livin All these so called villains Who act like women Really make me sick Don't make me stick this Fourty-fo' desert and elope yo slip Un-load this clip Til' the gun go "click!" Niggas wanna try Tip I'ma do him like this Paint a picture, draw a Chopper And erase his clique Send some niggas to ya house That'cha didn't invite Do some thangs to ya wife That'll damage ya life I don't think you can imagine What that's bout to be like Instead of bitchin all the time Ya should be tryin to do right Put a slug in ya mug Make ya piss in ya shorts Have ya mama at the wake Cryin, kissin ya corpse Yeah, I know the ice is shining I'ma glisten, of course And y'all niggas still whining Like some bitches and whores I ain't gon' stop grindin Until I see my pitch and fork No, I'ma be richer than you My pops was richer than yours It's extradition I know y'all niggas wishin me dead But I keep it pimpin instead Get this shit in ya head (Hook x2) [Eightball] Call it what'chu want (Verse 3, Lil Flip) Well, I'm pullin up in a big ol' truck I looked in my rear-view, I saw a big ol' butt (Daaamn!) I'm like "Hey Ms. Parker, when you gon' let me fuck!?" She said "When you put some 23's on ya truck" So I flipped me a brick in a couple of days I hit the mall for throw-backs and couple of Jay's And don't jack! Cause you will catch a couple of strays Cause me, Ball, and T.I. Pack a couple of K's Cause we some gangstas And you a motherfuckin wanksta Get out-of-line and I'ma have to come shank ya Cause I'm "Trill" wit' a "Pocket Full of Stones" You know I'm ridin dirty Talkin' on my Sprint phone My paint dubbed two-tone I'm sittin on Lorenz' Cause down in Texas We roll twenty-twen' twens And we, bang Screw (Bang Screw) And sip that purple Nigga, we straight from the streets You too commercial, nigga (Hook x2) [Eightball] Call it what'chu want The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ T.I. Album: Cash Flow (12" Vinyl Single) Song: Cash Flow Typed by: JamaalMS322@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [T.I.] I I I Iced out the crown and flooded the Franck Muller (Eve) You wanna take me out? well it ain't easy it's E.V.E hoe you can't see me (T.I.) I'm the KING and you can't deny me It's T.I.P niggaz bet not try me (Eve) B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash flow B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash (T.I.) I I Iced out the crown Ice Iced out the crown I I Iced out the crown and flooded the Franck Muller [T.I.] I'm talkin' packs out the back do, standin over black stoves Cook it till bubble double even when it trap slow Rizzle got couple what the fuck I wanna rap fo What you think I'm strapped fo what I gotta scrap fo Had my son mak'em wonder if I'm asshole cocaine veins herion hard and crack flows I'm filthy rich I ain't get time to relax though Unless I'm in a Phantom wit the automatic back do Triple Black filled wit Hispanic and Black hoes on a back road got'em blowin like Satch Mo You can ask Dro if Young Pimpin'll let the make go And even Mac know I ain't far from Puffy and Shaq though (Eve) You wanna take me out? well it ain't easy It's E.V.E hoe you can't see me (T.I.) I'm the KING and you can't deny me It's T.I.P niggaz bet not try me (Eve) B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash flow B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash (T.I.) I I Iced out the crown Ice Iced out the crown I I Iced out the crown and flooded the Franck Muller [Eve] Yo, Yo, Yo, I'm talkin bitches tryna act slow mad about my cash flow Niggaz hear my shit they throw yo records in the trash yo Gave a good effort you ain't never gon last though Swizzle T.I.P and me this a fuckin' smash oh! I hear them whisperin I see they got they eyes wide Like she back again and they tryna act surprised why When you ever thought that this chick was just gon give it up My life style lavish I get it so I can live it up Pop the bottles Drop Drop the top on'em fly all my life Fuck fame thats what I got on'em Man I keep'em sick they like it just can't be Why can't I keep it up and simple Bitch you can't be me yea c'mon (Eve) You wanna take me out? well it ain't easy It's E.V.E hoe you can't see me (T.I.) I'm the KING and you can't deny me It's T.I.P niggaz bet not try me (Eve) B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash flow B B Bitches tryna act slow m mad about my cash (T.I.) I I Iced out the crown Ice Iced out the crown I I Iced out the crown and flooded the Franck Muller [T.I.] Aye, instead of hatin cause you ain't me I figured you would've thanked me for doin what you didnt and bein everything we can't be Representin the A and still spittin like Yankee Ball hard enough to make a hater wanna shank me Iced out the crown and flooded the Franck Muller I'm lightin up the town you outta think my jeweler I told'em listen ma'am you ain't thinkin this is peculiar and I don't want nan if I can't have the two of ya [Eve] Yo, Yo, You can't act act crazy thinkin it's a game but it's too clear gimmicks in yo lane tricks it's ova this is my year Hate to say my name out yo mouth but you have too No other chick is out there fly enuff you can attach to Man they love to hate damn they can't escape me Floatin in a mansion on the ocean can't take me Sick cause she came back hotter than before It was time for her thanks for feelin in now be gon yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Ace Mack, Birdman, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross, R. Kelly, T.I. Album: Make it Rain 12" Song: Make it Rain (Remix) Typed by: efitzpat@gmail.com Whoo!!!!!!! Roxanne, (Its Kels bitches! Owww!) You don't have to turn off your red light... [Fat Joe] Static! Let's make it rain on these niggaz (Remix!) [Lil Wayne] [Hook] Yeah, I'm in this bitch with the terror Gotta handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain (Remix!) I'm in this bitch with the terror (We back! Let's go!) Gotta handful of stacks, better grab an umbrella I make it rain, I make it rain I make it rain on them hoes I make it rain, I make it rain (Remix! Remix! We back!) I make it rain, I make it rain on them hoes [R. Kelly] I be drilling these chicks like Major Payne When I make it rain, they be like "Yo... do it again" From the club to the coupe, inside my gates Up in my bedroom screaming each other's name They was perty perty, and I was flirty flirty Lil' dro, lil' bub now they getting' dirty dirty Don't ax me what my name is, stupid bitch I'm famous You gon' make me aim this Leave your ass brainless I'm tryin' to stay R&B But these streets is a part of me So don't get it twisted You see I order one bottle, then I fuck with one model Then I order more bottles, now I got more models I'm from that city where them niggaz don't play mayn I take a chick to my room like caveman So ask your girlfriend my name, I bet she go "Skeet skeet skeet skeet, Weatherman 'bout to make it rain!" [Hook] [Lil Wayne] Blat, blat, blat, blat, hey Joe uh let me git 'em It's young money and we on like the television The weather channel, but I do not broadcast I throw up more cash, and change the forecast Your boyfriend is lame, I make it rain on you He never make it rain, like Southern California Where's your umbrella? Now get your raincoat Baby I make it flood, now you gon' need a boat [Birdman] Fresh to death on 'em We throwin' money on 'em Stay fly, 25s when we ride on 'em Alligator suede, custom with the shades (Stunna shades) Make it snow in the club, bitches know we paid Stay shy rockin' Gucci in the Bentley (Super fly) White rose for my broad on them 23's (Stay fly) Goin' to the club, nigga in a new fleet All red doors up, doin' it like a real G [Hook] [T.I.] Come see me & Crack, in the club flossin' .40 cal in my jacket, 20 stacks in my jeans No, real boss niggaz do real boss things We bout that shit, you just talkin' Young Sam Rothstein, see how with my goons In the 430 down the strip I zoom Gonna drop it day real but I feel like Joe Big glock I carry make a real big BOOM Make moves like a young tycoon I come through like a young typhoon Category 3, don't be category-ing me nigga Like you can get a better salary than me El capitan, game Numero Uno I flood pussy clubs, ask any stripper you know [Ace Mack] Ace mizzy get all the hoes Finna teach them shit they want to know Like fuck that pussy ass 9-4 girl Make that bucket a pot of gold It ain't no money like custom money It ain't no bitch like a hustle bunny Ain't no bitch gettin' none of my money That why the money gotta clip --- to protect it from me She gotta ride for the A, pop for the A Live for the minute or be out for the day Hop the metal while lookin hot in stilettos Gotta rock with a bezzle on the trigger finger Boss bitch of the ghetto, my Spanish Trina Talk shit to a nigga with the 'blama beamed up When I see her gotta handle my business I gotta give her one of these in the back of the team truck [Hook] [Rick Ross] 3:05 in Mi-yayo Hey Khal, call Joe up Let him know I'm bout to roll up I just ran outta money I need to borrow 50 thousand cash Come through baby, make it rain E class on the way to you Gotta a hundred grand for you Triple Cs Oh yeah it's the remix I be reppin my city Blowin hundreds and fiftys If the head right, Ricky there every night Joey I was listenin' Uh, pullin up, spinnin' rims Time to spend some dividends My money they swimmin' in Ross, I'm a boss (I'm a boss) I'm the mayor (I'm the mayor) Make it rain (Make it rain!) on these haters (on these haters!) Get your umbrella fella, cause we blowin' hella chedda, I'm the nigga that you scared of Cause no one can do it better [Fat Joe] Joe Crack  Early 80s crack baby's momma paid me Maybach, fly Mercedes Birth that, drop it baby Them perty ladies, they drive me crazy Them skies is hazy, I'ma pop like 80 Someone tell Mr. Bentley to bring his umbrella Katrina not, its just the one fella Who got dumb chedda, and need a brain surgeon Got me a designated thower, cause my hand's hurtin (Ouch!) I make it rain, it's coca bitch It's not a game, them vatos locos rich Ain't nothing wrong with wanting a happy ending And we don't need a hotel, we park in lot pimpin' Bitch! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Field Mob f/ Cee-Lo, T.I. Album: From Tha Roota to Tha Toota/Greg Street's "Six O'Clock - Volume 1" Song: All I Know Typed by: SizzleCity@aol.com [Intro: Cee-Lo] It's 6 O'clock, it's volume 1 Yeah, Greg Street's mixtape [Verse One: Boondox] Uh uh I came up in the hood infested with teenage hustlers Street grinders, paper chasin scrapin busters By keepin dust up noses and caine homes; pipes and cans So they want they ride candy painted just like the man That Veta tryin not to bite his hand But they need em to keep em life from they stand Every night praying for praying go as far as the ceiling Got me feel like I'm (cursed) from this heart that I'm dealing And all this liquor hoeing brother and goose-neckin That I do but I don't want to got me losing blessings GOD said he'll take the next two steps if I take the first (I did) But in it to pick and sellin the spur From under my feet, lost faith and jump in the street Back to serve a rocks dying to the chrome in the heat And running with G's that take it to the block with 'em Tellin me along with my greens up like pot nickel [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well, all I know That I'd been down this road before It ain't the first time, won't be the last I gotta slow down cause I'm living too fast It's time to admit I need some help Still living with my momma, can't feed myself Life ain't about who straight, who real, who fake, and who gay It's about who pray [Verse Two: Cee-Lo] You can clock my consistent and endless Efforts up uplift me Trees and branches catch draft When I'm choppin down a path- To walk down, actually don't even know how talk sound I'm trying to stop the next step they drawing the chalk round Matter-of-factually, I'll stand alone with no entourage to back me GOD is my every existence; exhalation, exactly I'll pimp prophets so profounding labels don't like contract me I'm one of a kind; they gotta find a satellite to contact me Let us bow, I thank the Almighty GOD for right now For the strictor, smile through the tribulation and trial For sparing me when the devil was daring me And scaring me, synonymous for preparing me And to my family- the Dungeon Family And ya'll family-- we all family And to me health and home and my son Kingston My tongue is my gun, revolutions already begun (Whaa) [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well, all I know That I'd been down this road before It ain't the first time, won't be the last I gotta slow down cause I'm living too fast It's time to admit I need some help Still living with my momma, can't feed myself Life ain't about who straight, who real, who fake, and who gay It's about who pray [Verse Three: Kalage] All I know is charge cards, cars, and clothes Maan, it's all for sure And could go and when it's gone- (you alone) Runnin up yo cell phone callin GOD for hope And who to say that day ain't all awful close And if you ballin playa, it's only because GOD's your coach And it don't bout the lies you hold, laws you broke Thangs ya drink, dank and cigars you smoke HE gonna forgive and that's you; now don't get me wrong I like LL, but GOD da G.O.A.T' HE da greatest of all time, if I'm lying I'm blind Can I get a Amen (Amen brother) But we got to stop, we got to stop doin dirt Coming to Church with a devil tucked in your purse Sittin some leather from Atlanta, came up finish the prayer Worried about sister mom's and hair All along worried bout what sister mom gonna wear This ya boy or should they ride the martyr there It don't matter at least that's the moral there In Sunday service with a Bible lie defer the South But GOD bless her, we here to thank GOD (hmmmm ahhh) And that's the step inside Holy Church thinkin I said step inside his Holy Church thinkin We all God's Property, and not just Kirk Franklin [Chorus: Cee-Lo] Well, all I know That I'd been down this road before It ain't the first time, won't be the last I gotta slow down cause I'm living too fast It's time to admit I need some help Still living with my momma, can't feed myself Life ain't about who straight, who real, who fake, and who gay It's about who pray [T.I. and studio engineers interlude convo] [Verse Four: T.I.] Open my eyes, see the sunrise Talkin about memories of G's got my tongue tied Put out some Henn for my friend, why the good die? But til the end, I'm in the wind where the slug fly Pray for my sins, I hope I find Heaven close to me Try to be godly but these haters provokin me Pull the shotty want them dead is what my heart say My hard head make me learn shit the hard way Dodging the fedz ain't the easy way to live, care But nigga do it everyday to make a meal stack Your phone tapped, under surveillance, secretly indicted Being watched daily, livin shady just to drive a Merdede And fucking ladies, who making babies used against you Gettin the ??? be the main nigga you be a friend too How can begin to explain the pain Can you stay in the rain Used to be a simple thing, but the game done changed Now slanging caine is a lifestyle Risking your freedom just to ball for a short while Gettin buckwild on the street up on Westside Downtown Atlanta, while we ride some of the best die From cocking hammers of these Tec-9s and .45s Excuse my grammar; but it's fucked up how time fly It seem like yesterday we play until our days was nights And yesterday, I just put flowers at his gravesite and that ain't right [Outro: Kalage] All I know Is I'd been down this road before This ain't the first time, won't be the last I gotta slow down cause I'm living too fast It's time to admit I need some help Still living with my momma, can't feed myself Life ain't about who straight, who real, who fake, and who gay It's about who pray The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jamie Foxx f/ Justin Timberlake, T.I. Album: Body Song: Winner Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - T.I. - talking] (Justin Timberlake) [Jamie Foxx] T.I.P. (yo, uh) Aye Jamie, JT [oooooooh] I'm 'bout to get back hot again man You know I'm fresh out that thang, let go (talk to me) [You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner] I'm so up there and so out there, you so not here Hey, hey, you see we so up there and we so out there (Uh, yeah, let me get it right here first, hey!) [Verse 1 - Justin Timberlake] I’m wakin, up in the morning Hustlin to the stage, if I've been performin Bustlin through the hay and bustin the door in Lately nothin messes up my step and scorin And speakin of the Misses, I’m watchin 'em pour in (uh) Just like a drink that I’m enjoyin And don’t mean bottles, you welcome to join in Just look at me soarin, feelin like Jordan [Break - Justin Timberlake] (Aaah-ah) hold up I ain’t finished yet On the top but you just don’t get it yet I don’t get cut, I make 'em cut the check Can’t hear me in the stands, let me say it again (Aaah-ah) You ain't heard I’m the shit On the top but you just don’t get it yet I never got cut but I make ‘em cut the check So hate on but guess what [Chorus - Justin Timberlake & Jamie Foxx] I feel like I can’t miss I know they want me to fall But ain’t nothin bigger than this So just pass me the ball You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner I can’t miss, can’t lose, can’t miss You know you lookin at winner, winner, winner `Cause I’m a winner, yeah I’m a winner [Verse 2 - Jamie Foxx] I’m steppin out in the evening Keep winnin and screamin You gotta be cheatin but I’m so breezy I make this look easy And y'all thinkin I’m seasoned You gotta believe me I went from TVs to screens to DVDs To CDs to MP3s overseas I got, no time, the talking is boring Just look at me soarin, feeling like Jordan [Bridge - Jamie Foxx] (Aaah-ah) hold up I ain’t finished yet On the top but you just don’t get it yet I never got cut, I make ‘em cut the check Can’t hear me in the stands, let me say it again (Aaah-ah) You ain’t heard I’m the shit On the top but you just don’t get it yet I never got cut but I make ‘em cut the check So hate on but guess what [Verse 3 - T.I.] That's right, you see the, Porsche Panamera, got 'em in hysteria The turbo super fast and that McLaren even scarier Hear me turnin corners, burnin rubber in your area I'm hard to follow once I pop the clutch and hit the throttle I'm recession proof, I don't run the money, money run to me In this economy, guess I'm considered an anomaly You got is Maseratis, new Ferraris, I got one of each My future bright, tight like the bitch you got in front of me Turn pain to progression in every studio session Passion into perfection, to failure I'm an exception Fuck if you wanna lose, to battle me is a blessing You couldn't die at the hands of a better man I ran from the bottom to the best, no Auto-Tune Been in the lead, say you seen King follow whom Never that, I'm the freshest go ask whoever that King back, money long as a old Cadillac (*laughing*) [Chorus] - w/ T.I. ad libs [Outro - T.I. - talking] Hey man, you thought a little vacation was gonna hold me back homeboy Man, I'm back man, brighter than ever You understand that? If you didn't like me then, ha, you gonna hate me now nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Future f/ T.I. Album: Pluto Song: Magic (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Future] Pluto.. Future... {K.E. on the Track} HEY! [T.I.] Tell you off the top, I'm bossed up Yee ain't talkin money, don't talk us I'm steady stackin that guap up Ball harder than you when I'm locked up You the type a nigga just popped up when nigga rollin that kush, huh? Got mine growin like grapevines  in the backyward, come look, brah I pull up, hop out Bad hoes just pop out Hatin niggaz better watch out Still ridin with that glock out My style so mean 'til it's hostile and aggressive dawg, come check ya dog Spend a couple mil, no stress at all Big bankroll, no checks at all FYI: I'm flexin, y'all Game A1 professional You small ball like y'all balls I'm basketball, go ask your broad 'til her legs open - sesame Abracadabra, she wet for me Like ta-da~! Voilà! Gucci, Louie, Stravers, Prada - AH! [Chorus: Future] Fishtailin out the parking lot, leavin Magic (Skerrrt~!) Two bad bitches and I got 'em outta Magic The way I make the work disappear, call it magic (Remix!) Sippin on the purple and the yellow, drinkin magic (Lean!) Voilà - magic, voilà - magic (Straight up..) Voilà - magic, voilà - magic Fishtailin out the parking lot, leavin Magic  Sippin on the purple and the yellow, drinkin magic [Future] On my way to Aspen, I forgot to do my taxes Call on my accountant, he gon' make it do magic Had to get a driver just to drop me at the airport (For what?) Way I smoke the blunts, man, I burn 'em up like Newports Fif' thou in Auto Zone, superstar attire K.E. and Young Future bringin 'em fire All this damn cash make a bitch wanna retire (Turn it up) Gotta drop a half a brick, you wanna put me on the flyer (Future) Excuse me but my name go crazy, see these diamonds, ain't none of 'em fugazi Two bad bitches wanna fuck me the greatest, a O.G. and a brand new Mercedes Turned out a lot, I'ma do a 180, for the haters I'ma gon' 'head and do a 360 Trickin on the Sprite, got lean all in it I'm an astronaut nigga, better church my pimpin [Future] Billionaire boy, that's a true inspiration I'm the astronaut kid, no such thing as limitation (Bass) Ridin down 20 in the muh'fuckin spaceship (Takeoff!) Just left Magic in a muh'fuckin day shift (Skerrrt!) Two bitch trailin in a Beamer out of Germany Got a thing for the haters, don't wanna sing for the haters, not my energy, I'm a embassy I know tricks like Criss Angel, I don't trick but I could make you famous You would disappear from your past life, you a rare pair, go outta sight I'm Pluto talkin, Jimi walkin, when you walkin, I used to be fly But now I'm hawkin, I was on earth and now I'm sci-fi - Voilà~! I stay high, my bitch is on they high horse I double barrel like two cups and pull out of that new Porshe (SKEEEEERT~!) {*VROOM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ T.I. Album: You Know What it Is Volume 3 Song:	I'm a King Typed by: Sihle.Mkhize@labour.gov.za * * send corrections to the typist [50 Cent] I never said anything, I never take anything back [Young Buck] Well you kinda heard me speaking "You ain't a crip like Snoop, you ain't a blood like Game" And I was speaking on Game without knowing him but now, you know alot of these dudes jump in the game and they rap artists, and that's exactly what they is but they not what they say they are when they rap it [T.I.] Everybody wanna be the king of the south when they ain't runnin the damn thing with they mouth no doubt, it's all good, y'all just stay in y'all opinions but in the South and in the hood it's understood without saying it's a given, and it ain't cause what I'm doin for a livin' it's more because of what I'm doin how I'm livin not to mention when I'm rappin, I'm just hurtin niggaz feelings And still chillin on somethin that's into healing Man, permissions from the Click to continue to keep it pimpin' but while the crack was in the house, the record sale went thru the ceiling so say what you want, and do what you please but for fun I shoot 22's from your shoes to your knees I run a record label and a crew of G's so niggaz'll come and look for you if you sneeze or even breathe the wrong way you better do what the song say and be easy, else it'll be a long day I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top chopped off I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the South I'm a king - just respect it and keep my name out'cha mouth (The Game) Everybody wanna be the King of the West but, they ain't runnin the damn thing in the West that's to bad, it's all good, they just speakin they minds stand on top of the Hollywood sign, you can see that it's mine I'd rather die, motherfucker, than give up my throne my crown is a Dodger fitted, California's my home and it's known when the drama pop off, I bring the chrome so nigga leave me alone, 'fore I start living my songs I made a killin drug dealin, some people say I'm a villain went from choppin' in the house, to the top of rap gettin millions so watch your mouth, unless you ready to bleed cause to me, murderin wack mc's is somethin like a disease top down in the Impala, so I can ride in the breeze and where I'm from, niggaz throwin up B's and C's so make a turn the wrong way, think about what the song say and be easy, else it'll be a long day I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off I'm a king - impala with the top chopped off I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the West I'm a king - disrespect it I hit your brains with the tech [The Game] Keep your eyes off my throne and your hands off my crown or get your ass layed back Keep your eyes off my throne and your hands off my crown or get your ass layed back Fuckin with Black Wall Street & Pimp $quad Click Get [T.I.] layed out like a drunk, on the late-late so haters hate, the hell with all the hearsay from wednesday to tuesday, T.I.P. act a fool, hey I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top knocked off I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the West I'm a king - disrespect it I hit your brains with the tech The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: the Game feat. Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I., Fat Joe, lil Wayne NORE, Jadakiss, Styles P, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Twista, Tha Dogg Pound, WC, E-40, Bun B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Young Dro, The Clipse, Ja Rule Album: One Blood 12" Song: One Blood (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jim Jones Intro] Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch You know what it is When you see me two twelvin you homie You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch [Jim Jones] BALLLLLIN' Peace blood, peace almighty We all thugs and we run the streets nightly And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out My feary side, where we ride And we all fly high in the Leer G5's So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang! Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang! And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim! It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang! [Snoop Dogg] They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause 21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz We from a different street, all got that different heat But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE! [Nas] Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga I got rappers gettin mad at me I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression [T.I.] You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me? What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL! Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW! Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW! I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL! I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL! Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW! [The Game] Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek She givin one blood, one love, on dubs 140 thousand the first week... UHHH! [Fat Joe] All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it Somebody go and get this nigga a pint box And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too! [Lil' Wayne] 504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key! [N.O.R.E.] New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat Def Jam, they gonna flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in The building no more... It's OKAY! I GET IT POPPIN! Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's Who took believers an opportunity to breathe And you ain't gotta go overseas to see our rap shit You can come to left, round Queens and get jacked quick [Jadakiss & Styles P] (One blood) we used to the spillin (Came from the hood) so we used to the killin Used to the black males (makin cracksales in the buildin) (How else you get the benz) with the suede on the ceiling? (Blood in) blood out (me and homie) back to back (Both loaded workin) we about to pitch a (shut out) I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga) Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga) D-B-(L-O-)C-K, (he spray) The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay) We got a mean team, (Hip-Hop dream team) Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen) Yeah, no security, (I'll put you on the respirator) I'm the bomb, (I'm the mothafuckin detonator) One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug) Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood) [Fabolous] WHAT IT LOOK LIKE? All I say at most Shooters waitin on the word... JUST SAY IT LOS! I let these niggaz live, yes, I saw 'em pull the plug Havin goons pullin gloves, leave the room full of slugs Catch me trafficin, on maroon colored dubs Couple Africans, with balloons full of drugs If they like me, tell 'em line up While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line up [Juelz Santana] Mic check, one two, one two, check I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two on two Let's go, you're eyein us in the iron bus, BOOM! Leak ya, two liters of red juice, hawaiian punch So what you boys gon do to me? I'm born street Your life's sweet, MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!) Mama told me not to play with fire but She never told me I would grow to be a liar [Rick Ross] One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs Save the colors for the cars, see we kill for the fame (Ross) The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross) I'm a heavy better, I'm a heavy seller Keep white in the office call it Jerry Heller Lettin off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick And we gon sit here, wait for the derrelics [Twista] Bitch I got lords and gangstas, show me where them niggaz at Chi got two six's and kings, show me where them killas at Chi got them ballas and hustlers, show me where them figures at Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps! He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppers, nigga He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin, nigga Hurt him in that cherry six fo, shit ain't no stoppin, nigga Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet When I put him in the cemetary then I gotta holler out! [Daz] WHATTUP CUZ?!?! [Kurupt] Yeah rollin with two grips Glock holdin on the hip, rollin wit two clips Got two tiny locos ready to take trips Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips But they know what's crackin cuz, cause as we huddle They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle West coast gang bang, riders erasin em Got funny niggaz raisin up and riders replacin em, cuz! [Daz Dillinger] Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew RIP for niggaz who don't stay true Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran Dwellin in the land of the gang bang with fleshin I'm legendary, yes, yes, a westcoaster Throwin up two C's, wit two guns in my holster I'm from Long Beach city, a crip next to Compton Down wit my nigga Game, if you niggaz want problems From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet ????? to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet Worldwide, get swept away by the tide By G's, and BG's, O.G's, its time to RIIIIDE! [WC] Who the rider, looter through the gutter mayne? Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes! From the westside, strivin to dead em Where them killers throw that third letter up Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin blueberry green Cadillac on blue D's and a blue T Money thick as blue cheese, chunkin up the dub What the west be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood? [E-40] The Bay Area, fuckers, we pop em Open you up if you got a problem Up top, born in Cali-forn-ia Clean your clock, open your can of tuna Make a choice to see the hell or it's heaven Get your chest layed out wit the FM 57 This ain't nothin to do with nobody But in the Yay, there ain't nuttin to do but catch bodies [Bun B] I'm comin straight outta PAT, like Compton in all black But when we say what it do, they never say holla back Bun B, the uh, OG like '95 Air Max Neon green outta fight club off a fair facts Ask the hundreds, it's doable, I done done it At the summit of rap and I'm watchin you haters plummit Run to it or run from it, to Bun it don't differ Wipe the streets with ya like you a swiffer as a gifter, one blood! [Chamillionaire] I'm the realest youngster thats breathin, and I don't gotta give a reason Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin to be competin! My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet till I finish eatin My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin all the room on your tv Like +Eric+ they think its +Eazy+, but it isnt easy believe me Need to make a room in B.E. television if you wanna be me Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G! [Slim Thug] Its one blood if you blood or cuz From that number one thug, its still one love I rep my blue boy team but I do it for green I do it for my folks, vice lords and kings All us trappers, future rappers, standin out on the blocks Tryna get up out the hood mayne, and stack 'em a knot Put ya sets in the air, scream fuck the cops! We gon rep for the hood mayne, like it or not! [Young Dro] My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin obstacles Trappin, I made it logical, my topic is impossible I got a partner named Shoe Strang, cause shorty real crossable Shark meat to Papadough's, cars be tropical All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable I am unstoppable, my calico is toxable Lyrically diabolical, cushion is not ??? [The Clipse] Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue) Never in the wildest, (was he talkin to them) Style on niggaz, (but feel it to the numb) Japanese thread, (brought flavor to these bums) Consider me the savior, (look what the lord gave ya) My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful) Frolic in the snow, so playful (And revivin the track) like we flowin through jumper cables (What duo) you know (get XXL kudos) while coppin off Coolio (Classic shit) we mastered this, (left for dead) I'm back, (I'm Lazareth) [Ja Rule] Shit, one trip, one blood, LA, New York The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up Hands down, can't touch, the flow is a bit much The style, wanna keep up? I advise you to speed up With money movin like coke, these days gotta re-up G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up You see us, in dual seaters and throw it up! Its all hood, niggaz rep your sets if your cuz or (blood) ...Niggaz, we all bleed! These niggaz can't breathe Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part Niggaz that got bullets with names on them! Want em, come get 'em niggaz, y'all know where to get at me Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me You bastards, I'm laughin, bullets stickin in family Who sadly gets torn between one crip and one (blood) Y'all niggaz know me, haha... yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Iggy Azalea f/ Chipmunk. T.I. Album: Hustle Gang (S) Song: Hustle Gang Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Yeah, hustle gang nigga G.D.O.D get dough or die You ain't got no money nigga, fuck you [T.I.] Let go, hustle gang Play no fucking games T.I.P.K.I.N.G you know my fucking name, haha Haters drop salt when they see the king Chips they come to london they know how to treat a king On highways whippin bentleys to the left side On the eastern hemisphere hollarin west side All we do is lay low and get high Pray to the most high, live never let die I swear I'm super cool, still will set fire To a nigga then I up and go hop on a red eye Till I'm dead I'm a live like it's all bad They say it's all good Platinum dog tag Yellow gold rolley Yellow hoe know me In beverly hills gettin me and ballin like Kobe, Swish! Do my dirt all by my lonely get no cody Shot 'em dead, my bitch went and took the charge for me In the phantom tell b-o-b hit the garage for me G.D.O.D Get dough or die answer to God only [Chipmunk] I said rose's just a pussy Fuck her I'll go in You can catch a hollow tip for thinking you're a king Royalty, hustle gang keep the crown with us The only queens around here are the girls fucking us And the haters get skipped, Double dutch, TIP got us strapped in gear Press prešs double clutch Play with the bread, meet a toaster Need a ghost before I'm ghost Word to the holy ghost Yeah, I put my city on the map Everybody's on the jack spot On the flat room Word to the union, everytime we're ruling 'em Real talk, even pump the pill that keeps a tool with them Heaven sent me go to hell money Rolling in the deep still, I need that Adele money Went to the grammies I need six to keep my rolley all yellow Just the same as my bitch North to the south I be in the mix My location on Twitter should be writing your checks It's bed time for your career Pussy lay down Car full circle of buzz Cool I spray them rounds Yeah from LDN to the A town Time to make the whole world know my name now [Iggy Azalea] Show all them rappers, rip the roof off this mother though Real bitch so I'm a kill all these pussy hoes Silly flow, I'm illy my charm hang Watch it titty boy I rocks these two chains You got me so inšane Double m arrange Leather seats is cocaine All them doors go bang You hoes is down to suffer Step up, get double trouble Sent here to fuck the gang Hold up bitch shovel rubbers Down the tuddle Princess cuddle Rocks like burning rubber They blind just stand But listen milf I am a mother fucker Hustle gang you got it bad and I don't mean no usher My hustle gang they bring them clips ok excuse me pusha Your malice, way past average, a bad bitch Your man texts us like dallas Be mad at him, I'm amazing You were simply just an antonym G.D.O.D bitch it is more than just an acronym Iggy You know what it is my nigga Gdod get dough or die my nigga Hustle gang Partna This the king representing one time Partna T.I.P.K.I.N.G period Partna I know, yeah My bitch iggy in this motherfucker representin xxl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Iggy Azalea f/ B.o.B, T.I. Album: Glory Song: Million Dollar Misfits Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] Yeah we finally on, tell the world we on Yeah we finally on, tell the world we on Tell the world we on, tell the world we on That's that's that I live for [x3] Who we sent get real Tell the world we on [Iggy Azalea] Life like blissing, eh TIP done made an investment It's hustle game till I'm resting Plus rounding round and I'm flexin Hundred racks for a show, run it Broke, I blow hundreds See you talking 'bout not money What you talking 'bout? Nothing Nothing GDOD, get doe or die we do Powder blue Guiseppes and [?] and Maserati coupes To all my bitches that's pretty and got a body too Tell 'em throw that dough in the air And go catch [Chorus: T.I.] I said we kitsch bitch million dollar misfits Million dollar misfits, million dollar misfits We kitsch bitch, million dollar misfits Million dollar misfits, million dollar misfits Finally on (That's just's what I live for) The world we on Yeah we finally on (That's just's that I live for) (That's that's that I live for ) The world we on (That's just's that I live for Who we sent get real) [B.o.B] I said, I said, I said I hop in the coupe Then I throw up the deuce I take my city every where I go In that A hat salute You see is hustle gang bang bang bang We too hard to can bang Ain't no candidates ridin' over beat, that murder business campaign See I roll up the ciggy, burning donuts with Iggy Anywhere we land on the globe, we the hottest in in yo city Your woman know when we coming she gon' pop up any minute She poppin nails, poppin pillies Might cop a Porsche, pop a wheelie [Iggy Azalea] Okay shining all I know, and balling all I do Get the millions when the spring and summer fall I do Falling through, you saw my crew We red carpet ready, you say you are as who Dead fresh like we woke up on the runway Damn, body bangin like gun play Red bottoms no high tops no sick rocks No Hyundai I'm dumb paid Couldn't get 3 stacks outta Andre They ask me what I want, I ask 'em what you got Everything private plane multi million dollar yacht Got that on my hand, mansion On my way to Cabo, riding suicidal Get money by the [?] Tell the world we on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Iggy Azalea f/ T.I Album: The New Classic Song: Murda Bizness Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hit the club with bad bitches stackin' hundreds bunch of 50's Super Clean sho' get em hit the scene, kill shit we in the murda Bizness I kill pride I hurt feelins click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness My outfit Merk Bitches click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness [Verse 1] Iggy. Do it biggie tell 'em keep sending bottles, Ima pop 50 these other bitches think they hot? not really she a broke ho, that's how you know she not with me keep my heels on high, ride or die 7 60 L I, ride and fly I'm the guys honest truth they decide the lie they just divide they legs, I divide the pie [Hook] na-na-na-na-now nobody diggin y'all ho's when Iggy in the spot they be Iggin y'all hoes I'm cold get in that thang kill bitches dead, click clack bang bang It's a Murda Bizness Hit the club with bad bitches stackin' hundreds bunch of 50's Super Clean sho' get em hit the scene, kill shit we in the murda Bizness I kill pride I hurt feelins click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness My outfit merk Bitches click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness [Verse 2] Peezy. We got 'em queasy give these ho's a hard time, make it look easy I'm the first of my kind, ye ain't seen any? we gon' eat this bread cause we made plenty stacks piled high, let the hundreds fly ye ain't gotta do shit but stay broke and die while I keep makin' hits with these coca lines shitting on my max big, you poster size [Hook] and-nan-na-na-na they ain't feelin' y'all hoes if you was on fire, I wouldn't piss on y'all hoes I'm cold get in that thang kill bitches dead click clack bang bang it's a Murda Bizness Hit the club with bad bitches stackin' hundreds bunch of 50's super Clean sho' get em hit the scene, kill shit we in the murda Bizness I kill pride I hurt feelins click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness My outfit merk Bitches click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness [T.I.] Outfit, perfect hit the scene, hurt shit In the 911 I'm in 87, merk shit Holocaust, genocide killin' ego, and they pride creamating the hating, it's amurda in the making I'm taking out shine on top buy all bottles from the bar, let's pop champagne let them niggas die of thurst, man we'll by a hearse when the light hit the chain all you see is fire works un-mute niggas turned up all the way shoot nigga with the swagged out holiday I'm steady blowin' loud, broke niggas ain't allowed click clack bang bang, pow pow it's a Murda Bizness Hit the club with bad bitches stackin' hundreds bunch of 50's super clean sho' get em hit the scene, kill shit we in the murda Bizness I kill pride I hurt feelins click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness My outfit merk Bitches click clack bang bang we in the Murda Bizness [Outro] Aye! we in that thang Everybody dress to kill, bang bang Yea, we in that thang Everybody dress to kill, bang bang It's a Murda Bizness we in that Murda Bizness It's the Murda Bizness we on that Murda Bizness It's a Murda Bizness we in that Murda Bizness It's the Murda Bizness we on that Murda Bizness The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jae Millz f/ Cam'Ron, T.I Album: No, No, No (Remix) 12" Song: No, No, No (Remix) Typed by: Magnetolaun@aol.com (Jae Millz) Yea . . . you know we had to do this right here All hoods, stand up All rude bwoys (Cam'Ron) It's the remix, Killa, Dip Set Harlem, mo say, chrome holla at me (Verse) Doggy I seldom stunt, but got some pell 'em stunts Call 'em dunts, tell them hoes go sell them cunts Roll hella blunts, and I'm only gonna tell you once (No, No, No) So you should tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a bitch Tele-a-thon, telescope, televise, can tell I'm rich Cause I sell my bricks, call hoes pultry that smell like fish, bitch You rockin' Dada Dot, me I keep a Prada box Ak', gotta rock the rocks, now I got the rock of Roc's (Minimum) And I cop a top, ak chop a glock, suede, beige, knock a knock System in the drop of drops, get the mobstered mopped Get the poppas popped, top a top, shot the pawn Dog, they'll be shotters shot, I done shot a lot Shot the nine, shot the rock, sure shot, shot for sure But I'm secure, no security, killa keep glocks and fours Plus blocks of raw, probably popped your whore But I'm not for sure, bitch wanna hop aboard Hit up the docks and shores (No, No, No) (T.I.) I know these ho niggaz hate this, I know this niggaz hate this Fake until you make it nigga If I wanted to be me as long as wanted to be I'd hate me too nigga, you know (Verse) It's your decision, we can do it however you want to Fight or shoot it out, look the choice is on you You could swindle a lame, but the gangstas ya don't fool Young pimpin' wont lose nigga (No, no, no) We can beef if you choose, but if we comparing the crews If we ever meet cha, we gotcha for keepin' ya jewels Keep your raps on the beats . . . and the talkin and keep talkin Cause is that what you wanna do nigga (No, no, no) Well I suggest you invest in vests and count your blessings Keep that smith and wessun, heckler cotch, whatever you got Cause what I come with too heavy to cock, clearing the block Nigga beggin' me to stop talkin' bout (No, no, no) Ain't this what you niggaz wanted to get, wanted with Tip? Get hit up in your stomach then get hit for runnin' ya lips Spit each and everyone in the clip, and one in your whip Ambulence just wasted a trip (Come if you want to man) Combat time, was flat lines, to back grime Nigga runnin' actin' like a Nissan and Pathfinder (Sfffmmmm) When the lead flyin' it's bed time, the head lyin' The paper in the morning saying (No, no, no) (Jae Millz) Yo I been spittin, been gifted, been crazy flow Wize, been attent, shit you can call me Benjamin Brethren, I don't ball with dopes And you can call me anything you want, just don't call me broke (No, no, no) Most hated, M to the izz H phenomenal Get up and one'll stretch, direct through your abdominal I'm warning you, stop your blood clot cryin' Stop lyin' cause theres no stop in dyin' (No, no, no) Picture me passing my chain, or getting smacked by a lame That's like runnin' up on Father Zeek, and Matches Lane It just dont sound right, I get your team devoured So don't even TINK about it (No, no, no) you just a server shorty, I'll leave ya king stun I'm a king son, in Kingston, I bling dumb Only rapper you seen walkin' icey in the terrordome Holla back, how real is that (No, no, no) No I don't wanna stop, I gotta 'em sick So I'mma keep going, keep flowin' Benz backin' up so I'ma keep rollin' bent And I'm stilla heavy spitter, plus I'm good with the pitbull The tech missiles and the heavy hitters SUCKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS (Jae Millz) Those my peoples, N Y C Killa, Dip Set They know, T.I. grand hustle What up They know who I am Jae Millz, call me whatever, just don't call me broke Wanna WHAT!? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Jones f/ Bun-B, T.I. Album: On My Way to Church Song: End of the Road Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com (T.I. talking) Jim Jones what it is homie Killa Cam, Freekz Zeeky, Juelz whats happ'nin Hey 'a aye... yea yea yea 'a aye T.I.P. nigga y 'a y yeeah. Aye a aye I'm up in Harlem to put it down wit my muthafuckin folks Dipset bitch. A town to muthafuckin NY nigga you already know what it is. Bankhead C-rod, Grand Hustle, Diplomats you dont like it kill yaself nigga. Lets go (verse 1 T.I.) Late night straight white fa ya base pipe No mo quarter O's get ya weight right Crack rock black glock kept it waist height (hey) It hit ya mug you dont imagine what ya face like American pie I'm tellin you guys you want beef wit us well who the fucks preparin you guys We sparin you guys get buried alive What you rushin fa, act like you in a hurry to die Some I let 'em fly 'fore I let that ride I paralize ya like Supermans horseback ride nigga Walk up on ya car and scorch dat ride Flat tires, glass shattered wit a corpse inside A town break down straight pounds of dro' Still deal if you want 10 birds or mo Pimp Squad, Dipset I know ya heard before If we called you a bitch you deserved it hoe. Aye (verse 2 Jim Jones) I cop bricks of the crack (dat yayo) And take it to my block, strip or my trap, my block strip is so trapped Cops quick wit a strap, and you'll be scared shitless How they where the big fifth and load up flares and biscuits I'll take ya bitch from you, bring her back wit smeared lipstick (She Mine) You can compare ballistics, but it's mere physics (Pimpin) I'm 2-3's on drops, I used to play hoopties on blocks plottin man like who he gon pop In this tragic city, now I'm Bankheadin 4 tens headin down in ATL's Magic City Yes the stash is pretty, and the mag hold 50 We take ova towns, then send the Rovers 'round Lookin fa hoes to pound, ya local hoochie spot Lookin fa hoochies hot, to get they coochie popped I love the titty bars, I love my niggaz pa Dipset, Pimp Squad yo lets get it pa (Bun-B talking) Yeah already trill niggaz in this bitch UGK know what I'm sayin. Thats off top fool You already know. Wreck it boyz. Go down like that What up Jones. Dipset nigga (verse 3 Bun B) Bitch my Cadillac is candy and my pistol is pearl My best friend is a pimp and his bottom bitch is ya girl I got them 84's that clank, the big diamonds that blank Plus them hoes that pop pills, smoke kill, and sip drank Fuck what ya think I'm tryin to tell you how life is give it and take it My lil brotha in the pen, where niggaz shiv'rin and shakin We got a million dollar team, wit one gone So I'm takin my 500 to flip in the game to have somethin for 'em when he come home My two older brothers locked up, both of 'em smokin Principals gon be fucked up my lil neices and nephew heartbroken Seein Daddy in a cage at that age, it fuck ya mind up So at this stage in the game I gots to really get my grind up So you gon see me in yo city doin a verse or a show Or maybe even servin these niggaz a couple of dem thangs on the low Dipset affiliated so you can hate it or love it But it you keep pushin ya luck bitch my middle fingers gon shove it Know what I'm sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Jones f/ Birdman (Baby), Diddy, T.I., Young Dro Album:  We Fly High 12" Song:   We Fly High (Remix) Typed by: david.moran@hope.edu * * send corrections to the typist Intro... We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Jones] Jones! PC blow tishes (Birdcall) Lamborghini - its on dishes (Flossin!) from Harlem to Hollywood I'm still hood 500 horses stuffed in my ferarri hood (Speedin'!) fuck niggaz talkin' bout MCs on my heels (fuck em') Hip-Hop was dead and Killa gave me the will (flee!) Black car fever got this nigga feelin' ill (ill) used to shop for 'em - now a nigga givin' out deals (Ballin!) (It's all about the Benjamins, baby) I'm flying up Lennox and the Bentley all crazy the roof top as I am showin' my ass I brought New York back, you niggaz ain't got a chance (Remix!) We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [T.I.] I ain't gon' lie I'm fucked up, Phil died and we all sad but only one thing gon' get us by - and that's to ball dad 5 mil on the crib, 50 on the dog tag cracks in the deal, 20 mil, they thought I gone mad naw, I had to go and grab the spider at the red light with blue flourescent head lights - you better get your bread right you ain't a baller - you chase checks, I check write even when it's dark outside I bet my neck's right [Diddy] Hey yo hold up, pick a restaurant Childs or Chin Chin (five stars) now pick a car, which one I ain't been in? (ballin!) pick a watch as long as the hand's spinnin pick an actress, which one I ain't swim in? (what about ??) the yacht's still on deck retirement plan, I dropped it on her neck (take that, take that) I'm still spending old money Benjamins remix, 10 year gold money, motha fuckas! We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Birdman] 500 on the Bentley, 50 G's on the caddy, 100 G's on my broad cause we both livin' lavish doin' my thang wit this uptown swang nigga get it how we live like money ain't a thang (Ballin!) I be stuntin' on them thangs everytime you see me swang ererytime you see me hang, best believe I got that thang pop up at the club, nigga show them hoes love cause they know we make it rain, so they give us gangsta love [Young Dro] My rims look like I'm skatin' on ice like Kristi Yamaguchi Sittin' up in the Chevy eating blow fish sushi 550 mint-colored benz, me and Jim with the band camp twins and they blowin' our flutie Hell-red block, so you know we gettin' coofies Iceberg drop, nigga now I'm ridin' goofy 28 inches in the air, know I'm ballin' cause my whole wrist pink and my neck kinda bluey - Dro! [Chorus 2x] We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Jones] You've just been included in the Ballers Extravaganza You are now a Ball-a-holic, just like my team (Dipset) Shouts to Diddy, T.I, Birdman, Dro - Remix! It's like showbiz...ballin! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juelz Santana f/ T.I. Album: From Me to U Song: Now What Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com, MTT5989@aol.ca Let's do it [Intro: Juelz Santana Intro] Okay (Jazze) We in the motherfucking building (Dip Set bitch) I heard my man T.I. is the motherfucking king of the south (uh huh) Well I'm the the motherfucking prince of the city (you already know)(Santana) And when the king and the prince get together it's nothing but royalty (roll the mat out) So we going to get down like this YEAH! [Juelz Santana] Now if I ain't gangsta who is You is truth is you ain't I am who this clown ass nigga I'm a straight led spitter straight bread getter Up north hustler with a bank head nigga now bounce! That's just jazze on the beat again Tappin on machines again its cracking threw your speakers in That's what it sounds like when I'm in the South right Put it down put it round bouncing threw your town like Uh bang first play second aim first prey second make dirt day heaven I'm a crack baller straight sevens mack holder spray seven at your back soldier I walk through the club like everybody pussy Yeah T.I. with me snatching everybody cookies The fifth on me case anybody push me Let it fly let it fly like everbody push me Stop frontin like you bang head nigga Till you bang head whether real bang head nigga T.I. we fly we ride we bang you die (motherfucker) [T.I.] (yo, yo, hey, hey, hey, hey) [Chorus: T.I.] My pimp squad fuck nigga now what Dip set fuck nigga now what West side fuck nigga now what East side fuck nigga now what Harlem world fuck nigga now what Bank head fuck nigga now what My a-town fuck nigga now what My n.y. fuck nigga now what [T.I.] The smallest nigga in the trap with a scrap You talk shit pussy nigga getting slapped I get a couple ki's turned them into crack and listen them so we could count the by the hundred stacks (99) So if you need word then holla right back I could sell it for cheap cause I got it like that White t-shirts and A-Town hats Got them super clean with dubs on that Hey! First nigga put my name in a rap Getting robbed on the spot at hard getting shot I give a fuck about your squad or your block Hit 13 had it hard on the block First thing first start with a glock Then step it up to choppas, gauges, then elevens mack 10's Now your fully equipped to stretch niggaz (like who?) Like them PSC and Dip Set niggaz [Juelz Santana] Now what now stunt nigga pop your trunk now front I'm holdin two now what big guns with me big gun pissy When it comes to these bitches man I'm dirtyer then the south is Squirtin in your mouth bitch! Yeah back curtin yeah back squirtin Yeah nigga gat squrtin yeah nigga that's curtains Hold up we senseless make you throw up your breakfast Me and T.I. hold the connection [T.I.] Me and Santana from Harlem to Atlanta The cocaine managers hoe brain damager I'd be god damned if a nigga wanna cock hammers and split bandanas on niggaz with bad manners You wanna kill me you willing to ride the hell with me Seven shot revolver I'm taking my shells with me You don't want no trouble with niggaz like us Try me I'll fuck your whole life up To the group of haters that don't like us Dip Set fuck nigga now what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Rock f/ Martina McBride, T.I. Album: Born Free Song: Care Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net [Kid Rock] Day by day my life gets colder My ice grows thin, as I get older Peace in peaces, bloody and bruised I feel so helpless and confused [Bridge] Cuz I hear screamin on the left yellin on the right I'm sitting in the middle tryin to live my life Cuz I cant stop the war Shelter homeless, feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save your sons and daughters I can't change the world and make things fair The least that I can do The least that I can do The least that I can do is care [Martina] I pray and pray for life's salvation Faith is tried and true in tribulation Love is lost and lonely, check the news And with these open arms I'll wait for you [Bridge] Cuz I hear screamin on the left And yelling on the right I'm sitting in the middle trying to live my life Cuz I cant stop the war Shelter homeless, feed the poor I can't walk on water I can't save your sons and daughters I can't change the world to make things fair The least that I can do The least that I can do The least that I can do is care [T.I.] For the life of me, I can't see how the devil keeps enticing me All you sees a felon, I know god can see whats right in me How I can be labeled as a villain in the first place When the worst case senerio is my birth place Im just tryin to keep from fallin victim to the murder rate Take my life lesson convincing the adolecents There's a god up in heaven, sending down blessins And your furture ain't brighter than ur present Quit Stressin They're screamin on the left Yellin on the right While I'm sittin in the middle trying to live my life Cuz I cant stop the war Shelter homeless, feed the poor Cant walk on water I cant save ur sons and daughters I cant change the world to make things fair The least that I can do is care Yeah I cant stop the war Shelter homeless feed the poor I cant walk on water I cant save ur sons and daughters I cant change the world and make things fair The least that I can do The least that I can do The least that I can do Oh is CARE Artist: Killer Mike f/ Bun B, T.I., Trouble Album: R.A.P. Album Song: Big Beast Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Killer Mike] Hardco' G shit, homie I don't play around Ain't shit sweet 'bout the Peach, this Atlanta, clown Home of the dealers and the strippers in the clubs doe Catch you comin out that Magic Cty with a snub, hoe Lurkin in the club, o' tourists muh'fuckers Welcome to Atlanta - up the jewelry, muh'fucker! These monkey niggaz lookin for some Luda and Jermaine and all that nigga found was a Ruger and some pain POW motherfucker POW! Come up off the chain  POW motherfucker POW! One off in they brain  We some money hungry wolves and we down to eat the rich Your bodyguard ain't shit, we strip him like a stripper bitch These real ass killas move in silence with violence The minute it's set off, we the motherfuckin wildest I am from the Atlanta that they never speak upon Where everybody got a sack of dope and a gun [Chorus: Trouble] Now you know just how it goes We ain't playin 'round with that bullshit Nigga, we ain't lettin shit go When you come in you betta come correct It's real G shit, you gotta show respect [Bun B] Once upon a time in the projects An OG saw a young Bun B as a prospect Thought that I would understand the streets from a very young age (age) So he opened up the G-Code to the front page (page) He sat me on the porch, said this where lil' dogs sit Pointed at the yard (yard), said that's where big dogs shit (shit) He said don't leave 'ti yo' ass get growed (growed) And don't come back 'til yo' ass get throwed (throwed) Whatever you want is whatever you can have Bring the pain and leave 'em wet like they soakin in some Suave When you step out on the ave (ave), make sure they wanna see ya  (Wanna see ya) cause bein trill is an onomatopoeia Be about it like a G, a hater wanna catch ya slippin (slippin) Tried to be a Jordan, but settle for a Pippen Playa I ain't even trippin (trippin), but I don't really care Because my pistol's in yo' face so put yo' hands in the air [T.I.] In '96, I'm ridin with a pistol grip banana clip From Simpson Road to Adamsville, I'm reppin this Atlanta shit Nigga tryna handle us, let's see can they handle this A hunnid rounds at 'em, that N-O Louisiana shit Drinkin on that Hennessey, blowin on that cannabis AmeriKKKa's nightmare, trap nigga fantasy Record full of felonies, searchin for a better me But choppers go off in my hood like Iraq, Cuba, Tel Aviv Shoot a nigga, let 'em bleed... fuck 'em shawty Sucka nigga I'll never be, don't give a fuck about it Quick to run up on that Audi, make him get the fuck up out it Nigga better be about it, he deserve it, he allow it What's a coward to a kamikaze? He ain't robbin  Man this predator and prey/pray, the Lord nature where I stay I catch you slippin with that K, ain't no illusion, no confusion Betta come up off that cake nigga and all that jewelery or you snoozin! [Killer Mike] Wa da dang! Wa da da da da dang! Listen to my Kimber 45 go BANG! Bang! BANG! Grind Time rap gang We the readers of the books and the leaders of the crooks Predators, we eyeballin all of y'all lames Let me fall off, I'm takin all of y'all chains All of y'all watches and all of y'all cars Well who he talkin to? All of y'all stars! All of y'all rappers and producers and such No homo promo homie, you might get yo' ass touched~! Like Def Jam circa '83 you get +RUSH'ed+ If you rollin with some winners then you rollin with US! I know some dumb country niggaz but them niggaz ain't we Know they dress and look the part but them niggaz ain't G I don't make dance music, this is R.A.P. Opposite, of that sucka shit they play on TV The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killer Mike f/ Bun B, T.I. Album: Monster Song: Re-Akshon Remix Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [T.I. talking] Aye, aye Bun who did this man? So me and you got, T.I.P., Killer Mike, Lil Jon, and Bun B So that's the King of the South.. the Underground King.. the King of Crunk.. and King Kong all on the same song Heheh.. aye Jon, they ain't ready We taking it on back to the trap my nigga! [Hook] I got them 'bows on my 'lac - swervin on these niggaz! I got the hoe up in the back - bumpin niggaz figgaz! I got the weed in my sack - smokin on that killa! In the hood where I'm at - trappin with my niggaz! I got the NEW NEW... (Killa K-K-K-Killa Killa...) NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..) NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..) NEW NEW... (Niggaz don't wanna touch the Killa..) [T.I.] Man we been throwin raps for too long Aye whatchu wanna do homes? I'm finna pull this heat and have you fetal like a new-born T.I.P., Mike, and Bun B - scared whatchu better be We was just the kings, now we heads of a legacy Leaders of the new south, fake niggaz move out He talkin loud and proud, but he scared with a tool out I'm the nigga they be askin what we gon' do bout? Mike told me "fuck them niggaz, bring that New New out" Tank the Chevy, buy the Caddie, bring the 22's out Put the city back on top, just seperate the fools now We had lots of misrepresentation but hey we cool now Can't keep playin both sides of the fence, you got to choose now The realest of the real or the fakest of the fake If ya got it on ya chest, shawty say it to my face When ya hold ya nuts in hatred, ya only rushin til ya wait And we gon' show them people what it really is in the A [Hook] [Killer Mike] Straight from Atlanta, the hog hand-ler Grown folk trap, scramb-ler Knee deep, means to get them G's to my manager My mack-10 made for action, body-baggin and throat braggin I'll drag 'em threw the river like a bad yellow nigga I'm mashin with pops fashion, bustin first no questions askin You gon' off that waterboat and thinkin you can hold me I'm, King Kong on every track, no cap-sule can hold me I'll THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP, when I BUMP BUMP BUMP BUMP! It's woofers, tweeters, speakers, geekers, ALL IN YO' TRUNK! My dad ain't raise no fag, my mom ain't had no punk We don't hesitate or negotiate, we pop Chevy trunks From the home of Coca-Cola, I'm not referrin to soda I'ma grind til I shine, or die going for mine Sick Sawyer buy my side, swervin and blowin pine Don't be a victim to a Killer, be a father to ya son This Re-Akshon, Killa Kill, T.I.P., and Bun [Hook] [Bun B] Bitch I'm coming live from the trunk and I thrive on the funk Cuz I'd rather die like a man than survive like a punk I'm no coward, I'm 'dro-powered, you gettin Twin-Towered devoured - it's a shit-storm and you bout to get showered From Broward county to Harris, Pasadena to Paris I embarrass niggaz on chrome wheels as big as the ferris Cuz there is, now way now how - I stay low-key, low-brow In that black on black on black in the 'lac cuz I'm so wild I get, drunk off that, I'll be high off this I might pop one of those, it don't matter my nigga - I don't miss They put me hot on list, where players are posted But them players we posted up on corners, when they say and get roasted And the prayer get toasted, cuz I keep the flame on The face for the game on - leave a stain on anything I puts my name on Disrespect and the tech'll peck a player like Woody Cuz cain't nuttin keep a trill nigga down, ask Khujo Goodie [Hook] [Killer Mike talking] All I gotta say is sucker emcees better run The debate is now, who's the greatest emcee? T.I.P., Killer Mike, or Bun? We are not doing this for fun - this is a bloodsport Emcees are dying, mothers are crying and wack-ass niggaz will go out trying It is officially a new day, I am officially the new mouth AND THESE ARE THE EMCEES OF THE NEW SOUTH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ 8 Ball, T.I. Album: Part II Song: Get Ya Weight Up (Remix) Typed by: BigB050555@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: T.I.] Call me Rubber Band Man, get as high as I can Tote a hundred grand in my case Anotha five in my pants In dat new LI sedan, bout da size of a van 155 on 85, I be flyin my man And ain't no catchin T.I.P. silly But you can try if ya can Get ya ass laid out, right beside ya man Sprayed out da clip, left ya wit ya face in da sand Sent da DA on a cruise, den do a day in da can Two in da hand I'm jukin, I'm too cool ta dance I got a bad bitch in Paris, I cut a fool in France Cool as a fan, betta ask some body who da man Shut da bout down, clown when I choose to man I'm da Bankhead ambassador, Atlanta my land Whether I'm rappin, actin, or trappin, haddlin grands I give a gotdamn, not nan niggaz advance On da crown, to get anything less da laid down I stay down [Chorus][2X]T.I. & [Lil Jon] We ain't playin dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] And we dont play dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] Nigga fuck dat shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] Well nigga buck den shit [GET YA WEIGHT UP] [Verse 2: 8Ball] I see you lookin at me, wit yo lookin ass You wanna light it up, you betta pull it fast I'm not ya homeboy, I'm not ya kinfolk I got my own drink. I got my own dough I got my own slab, wit Michael Jordans on it If you don't kno da lingo, den 23's hommie You wanna ride on em, you gotta hustlin baby Some niggaz dying fo em, out here actin crazy I saw dem niggaz buckin, at da club spennin Buyin hoes drinks, gettin at all da bithes Dey got dey bling on, chains and rings on Dey will stunt until da dj play da wrong song Now dey on da flo, head split in two All dey ice gone, and all dey bitches too Dats why we roll deep, dat's why we hold heat Dat's why we own streets. Fuck up and you will see.. [Verse 3: Lil' Jon] Pussy nigga, wut's up, gotdamn dat shit All dat yappin at da mouth 'll getcha fucked up quick I'ma ATL nigga, and BME's da clique Crunk Juice in my glass, always givin me lip I hit dese hoes like boes wit dis platinum dick My magnum always stay locked, cocked, ready ta hit I give a gotdamn nigga who we rollin wit Get ya weight up hoe, den approach me bitch [Verse 4: 8Ball] Get ya weight up nigga, get ya weight up bitch I went from hustlin on da corner, to hustlin legit From ridin 84's ta new school 4-doors From smokin on dat Reggie to smokin on dat Dro No mo 18's, niggaz ride 24's On anything new, ta old school 4-doors You might be ridin nigga, but dat ain't shit If you ain't got no feet, be da candy bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ Bun B, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Nas, T.I. Album: Crunk Juice Song: Grand Finale Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*SIREN sounds*} [Intro: Lil' John talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to this motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz (Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!" [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11 [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair 'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill 'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross 'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Sha-Dash, T.I. Album: The Naked Truth Song: Get Yours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hey throw your bottles in the sky if you're gettin yours If the rims on his ride ain't as big as yours You gettin money what'chu hatin on my niggaz for? Hey get your mind off of mine and get to gettin yours Throw your bottles in the sky if you're gettin yours If that other bitch's ass ain't as big as yours You gettin money what'chu hatin on my bitches for? Hey get your mind off of mine and get to gettin yours [Lil' Kim] Boss lady pull up in the back of the Maybach Chaffeur behind the wheel, feet up, leaned back Readin the newspaper, honeygirl put a hurtin on 'em Haters like a bad act, I just close the curtain on 'em Play all day on the Siruis, radio Satellite TV, who do it like me? In designer outfits, while sellin the tag Yves Saint Laurent boots, Yves Saint Laurent bag Keep the Pokeman in case a big bitch think I'm ass Eatin through her stomach like a gastric, bypass Bitch you better buy a pass and you better have the cash When you in my town you got to see me to buy a pass Number one rule, think B.I.G. 50 grand for the girl to sit in V.I.P. The spotlight is on me, I'm the one they wanna see They give they money to Kim like I'm H.S.B.C. [Sha-Dash] Yeah, well it's young Dash to all those who don't know The boy who stay hot when his jewels is so cold Killer screwface and he cockin that fo'-fo' Wanna ice grill? Better holla at Paul Wall Is all that called for? Whole crew do it up Champagne, threw it up, 'til niggaz threw it up Cruisin up, tinted up, gotta be some star Don't know what to call it, they say it's a truck car You been with a chump pah; like Ashton was the first one to "Punk" y'all Have yo' ass holy and resemblin Spongebob Like an old album, you happen to come for us You guys get dust off It's the young boss, show you what the imp us for Family and friends be the only ones missin boy Sayin that you rich and all, tell me what'chu bitchin for Maybe cause I'm gettin mine - well is you gettin yours? [T.I.] You don't really want it with the nigga right in front of Tip Have you duckin on the shit, wanna let the burner spit Get bucked bitch, give a fuck who you run and get King of the South, Pimp Squad Clique runnin shit Bricks in the pipeline, sold in the nighttime Take a lifetime to find a flow that's quite like mine 40 cal's and 45 glocks, I don't like nine Mac-9 and automatic flatten niggaz lifeline I'm already rich, use the rappin as a pasttime Grand Hustle bitch and I ain't settle for the last time Other niggaz settle down cause I don't bag mine You see me pull it I'ma blast, I don't flash mine You niggaz livin check to check but I don't cash mine Deposit it and let it sit cause all the cash mine Been goin easy on you rappers I'ma mash now Niggaz throw your bottles in the air and put the glass down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Scarface, T.I., UTP Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Big Dogg Status (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Scarface] Young Face slangin, Ya Ya Ya Heavyweight, Got a bad bitch in every state On the grind, nonstop till I touch this cake Mark ass niggaz, stay the fuck up out my way I be true O.G., you can quote what I say I'm a H-town nigga from around the way Southside, ridin dirty like I'm UGK Asshole by nature like my name was Tre And I don't gangbang, I control the Game What I'm representin here's puttin holes in brains Oh, I say the same thing till I'm old and grey For I falloff and rap about my clothes and chains Grippin grain and poppin trunks, Dawg that ain't me These elbows hit the scene back in '83 I stay street with it, dun asked that You can find me in your hood pumpin monster crack I rollover rodents with rims on em Sniffing out a rat, I expose them and then bend on em I lotta bitches but they claiming they O.G.s A straight up pussy, he claims he knows me See I puttin out these VVdees Let my shit hit the streets, he got to squat to pee Got them eggs on these beams, so they watchin me Might trap for a rat, pussy watch and see I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status [T.I.] It's your price, but I ain's scared It's my pleasure to say it right, don't think I ain't said They got prices on my, nigga I don't slip Clips longer than giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip Just open up and let em rip, nothing new to a G Hey, I ain't worried about these niggaz, till they shoot at me My partner died, daughter too, your excuses to me Still a busta ass rapper I'm refusing to be Scarface seem to think I'm the king, You're a fool if you think, There's another new, young rapper dude out there that's cooler than me I choose in the V, brand new with the beat I live real life like I say I do in the beat Yeah, true indeed I do indeed Do it for the O.G.s and the true MCs Them bustas say this year I got brand new and it's all phat But the fightin in the club, I'm done with all that Nigga, his ass out of line, then his ass gettin whacked Give a west-side 10 stacks and that's that But maybe less as a matter of fact Nigga don't be testin the professor, What's the matter with cats I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status [Lil Wayne] I Been doing this shit, nigga who are you Little nigga I done seen keys bigger than you Nigga, you ain't know shit, Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick How the game go Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)? Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)? Yaaahhhh! [Scarface] Came here to exercise my game Spreadin love to the hood's, how I do my thang Smokin with my homies, barbecuing them wangs Sip hennesy and coke, cause I don't fuck with dranks Hoe pop pills either cause that shit ain't coll We just drunk and mad dawg fo we went to school Lik off, back then I was smashin boys Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed Same rules right now, I demand respect If I slap one hoe, then her man's is next I'm a kick door robber, A hot shot driver A crack rock slingin muthafucka for a dollar If you dare to be laid, then off in the acky But if it ain't no way, then best believe I'm take it off a A Nigga with no hustle, it ain't work it yet And a bitch like that is even worse than death Out in the hood bullshittin is what this game can cost him And if a nigga can't maintain mane he lost it Be a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard As a nigga, I'm up in here with my balls and my word I been straight for a long time Gettin checks for a long time Gettin Jake for a long time E&J for a long time Nigga, try to get like me Been a G, for a long time Been in the streets, for a long time Toting heat, for a long time Nigga, try to get like me I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Boyz N Da Hood, T.I. Album: Da Drought Is Over 5 Song: Gangsta Boys Typed by: Uneak_Won2G08@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Wizzle F. Baby bitch! Yeah Boys in the motherfuckin' Hood guess who? yeah you already (Yeah ye ye ye-yeah) I save ya (haha) already yeah I'm hearin' niggas nag me shorty (haha, yeah, yeah boy) come on [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Big money heavyweight, it's what the streets call him (yeah) Young stunna in this bitch like she ridin' on me (yeah) Hidin from nothin', runnin' from nobody (uh uh) Boy I told somethin' about the size of your whole body (yeah haha) Niggas get confronted just as soon it's a no bottom (yeah haha) Stick 'em in the oven make cinnamon rolls out of 'em (ow) Sweet ass nigga, you smell like my girl pussy (haha) I'm aimin' bitch nigga, I ain't lookin' (uh) And I'm namin' bitch niggas like the cookie (come on) I'll knock out your teeth, with the back of the heat (UH) Meat, all over the street, how neat? If I was starvin' motherfucker, i'll eat, (what) beef (yeah) Ya'll know me nigga show me to that treasure (yeah) See that metal on your tongue, (yeah) better answer every question Wheres it at bitch niggas say somethin' and i'll kill ya You never met a killa, til' he kill ya, ya dig shorty [Chorus: T.I.] Ha all that matters is what your doin' nigga not what your say Niggas bullshit everyday (alright) but it stop in the A (yeah) Catch me on the east side with a glock and some yay (hay hay hay ) Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A (oh) I say its on in the inside man them choopers'll spray Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A Cause me and Block on the block with a block of the K (hay hay hay) Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A [Verse 2: Duke] Yeah See I hit the blocks off the top within a minute It dont take long for me to go private to lieutenant If I said it I meant it and no offenses gettin' ended (naw) No east talk the beef ain't gettin' dead til' I end it I set up rat traps for niggas that like to teel tap Sunday mornin' get the word (yep) but I'm still strapped Roll the dice with me please believe boy you will crap Get folded up and tucked the way just like a road map (road map) Yeah life is hard just play your card Thats why roll with god and disregard them broads (disregard them broads) Keep servin' that hard never spend a rod This is real shit baby this is not a fesode (not a fesode) Dont get it confused lot a niggas is fraud Get a background check nigga that's why I'm pullin' your card (pullin your card) And I might play with that boy So sometimes I'm 'noyd I might flip and bury you boys in the back of the yard [Verse 3: Jody Breeze] Yeah well I was taught to do what I do That's why I do what I do And I ain't talkin' shit but shorty try me see what I do (boys n da hood) I'm from the bottom of the problem with niggas  It's too many y'all niggas got too many problems with us niggas (problem with niggas) I shoot first I not a follower nigga (follower nigga) Smoke dro all day, I got a problem with memory If you niggas got a problem then try me when you see me (try me) Cause I ain't hard to find you niggas see me (here I go) Dumped off in the cut all to my lonesome (yep) Went to one of you punks to front for a whoresome (go 'head) Actin' all tough like your nuts wanna brawl some (go 'head) I'm a go get the pump and front like you owe me somethin' (pow) You niggas still rainchecks your ass can't cash yet (ah ha) Your bitch gave me head now you wanna ski mask sick (nigga) Crack rock bagged up pounds of seran wrapped (yep) In zip lock bags fulla cash and then it's addin' up I got gorillas gone mad wanna mass up (yep) Askin' where the ice where the yay where the cash at (yeah) So y'all niggas better hush shut your ass up The deuce deuce tray dont play shoot your ass up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Ace Hood, Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Pitbull,  	Rick Ross, The Game, T.I., Young Dro & Yung Joc  Album: Girls All Around the World (Remix) 12" Song: Girls All Around the World (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Big Reese] (DJ Khaled) Pop a bottle to this one! Hahahaha! (REMIX!!! WE THE BEST!!!) Uh! (REMIX!!!! DJ KHALED!!!!!) NEW LLOYD! Hahaha! (LLOYD!!!! WE GLOBAL!!!) LISTEN!!!!) [Verse 1: The Game] Pump up the brakes, pump up the volume I rock all night cause I'm a motherfuckin stallion Walk up in the club with this big ass medallion Throwin up the dub like niggas from Staten Island Who that that do that diamonds all blue black The critics don't get it they think I'm one of those new cats I'm a dog a rottweiler, ask Rockwilder When Game and Lloyd come through in that drop 'Palla It's Murder! Irv don't hurt 'em When he come through in the Phantom the same color as syrup I'm a criminal individual smooth as Beyonce Skin I'm thick I stand out like Frank Lucas Mink in the club cause I'm too iced out You feelin me I'm feelin you let's get you wifed out Throw on my Louis V belt and bring them new Nike's out It's BlackWallStreet and Murder INC, lights out [Chorus: Lloyd] {DJ Khaled} (Girl I) can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song (song) Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh {LISTEN!!!!!!!} [Verse 2: T.I.] I got a brand new Ferrari Midnight Blue It look like water and the rims do too Shawty look like a model and her friend do too Tell her I wanna kick it with your friend and you too Ok wait see I ain't tryin to offend you two Hey all I wanna do is recommend to you two (both of y'all) Come over to the crib let me bend you two Over one at a time put it in you two I'm a fool with the money, cheap who honey?! For the right woman I'll throw away a hundred Grand I'm the man chrome on the Sedan Same on the McClaren lil' mama like DAMN! Yeah! I'm still hell on the scale Danielle, Shantelle in the bed with Michelle Double XL down there I swear Panty pumper number one camel toe swinger [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) {Girl I} can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song {song} Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) [Verse 3: Yung Joc] Lemme talk to 'em..ay I'm lookin for a master suite So I could wake her up, beat her back and put her BACK to sleep {*snores*} And the picture's so perfect, call it masterpiece And when my partna passed the Sweet, I passed a freak We can do it in the middle wit the lights on Give myself a high five wit a pair of Nike's on Eh, now greet ya girl wit a salute, "How are you?" Knock her boots from College Park and back to Guadalupe Yea, take the passport, freak'um fly status Got a chick in every area code, it don't matter (nope) When daddy come home, drop the thong, no chatter (nope) I take her to the room and make the headboard rattle and when I'm in ?'legos? I hit 'er in the jungle When I'm in Australia, I take her Down Under And when I'm in London, it's tea and crumpets I let her blow on me, like she plays trumpet [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) {Girl I} can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song {song} Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) [Verse 4: Rick Ross] I got a paint that's wetter than a bank She wanna hang like my yellow chain that's on the deck She wanna bang, I make her day 'cause I'm never late In foreign places everytime she wanna fornicate - press 48 I blow her mind wit the (technique), straight freak House ski bay by next week, impress me Impress me, Lexus, yeah the SC Lloyd got the fox, and I got the best seats Dressed like the SPs'- Boss [Verse 5: Ace Hood] Well, I'm just pickin up my plans while I'm countin up grands Got my chick in Japan, she my number one fan Tell her bag the cash and grab a clean half I'm take her, take up, go and get the Jacob Send us to the money, you'll be back before I wake up A-C-E, H-double O-D, the gangsta Know I keep dat white girl, send it up to Asia Later to Decatur, I cater them the greatest Yah! [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) {Girl I} can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song {song} Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long (REMIX!!!!!) 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) [Verse 6: Young Dro] Bought a friend to a club, ain't sweatin none of you I bent nine times out of ten on either one of you She's from Australia, headin down on the crew Chill with my women in Brazil for a month or two The panty pumper {?} I'ma do what I'ma do Put the tounge under you and lick you where you want me to Now I got her starin, this can get outta hand My ice's transparent, chicks outta Japan Got bruds in Malaysia, models in the Asia They all wanna kick it with the Bankhead ray-pper Put the gloves on, box that thang like Joe Frazier She knew I had chips, so I free throw later [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) (Girl I) can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song (song) Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) [Verse 7: Pitbull] Chevy, Chevy on that 'annon fast Flyin 'cross Dade County line You could get wit this, OR you could get wit that, toot This chico fine, no opinion, it's a fact I am, not Will Smith, but +I Am Legend+ without the jawn, if you wanna +Set it Off+, let's get it on I am freaky, oh, a lil' sneaky Oh, a lil' kinky, oh, I get you wet wit my lil' pinky, no I'm not a boat No, you can't sink me so, watch your ass Uh, if the money's tracable, I bank it But I always bury the cash, then laugh (Hahaha!)  You won't catch 'em in the Phantom, NO! In a Maybach, NO! In a Lambo, NO! Wit a bad one, YES! Hehe, she's not a chicken but sh got two thick thighs and nice size breasts God bless, haha! [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) (Girl I) can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song (song) Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) [Verse 8: Busta Rhymes] I came in the door, I said it before I always let a beautiful ass magmatize me Peep the way shorty studyinme now she analyze me Makin me imaginin things that I can do to it Make her throw it back like a king then I be losin it Lost in the lovin when I give her the stuff And tryin to be with you and playin around the world it's nothin Hallucinatin crowds tapes of me and you fuckin Now look homey when you see me bawl around your girl Don't get mad it happens (All Around The World) When I travel, I love the women and you know they love me With a special embrace when I step in every country Hehe, I know you love the way I get into it I gotta laugh cause niggas respect the way we do it This goes out to girls around the world who ask for it  When I'm goin through customs stampin up my passport [Chorus: Lloyd] (DJ Khaled) (Girl I) can't get you off my mind, you're like my favorite song (song) Just want to turn you on and rock you all night long 'Cause I-iiIIIIIi-igh, oh IiiiI-igh.. I just wanna be your man  I Just wanna be your man, ohh (LISTEN!!!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LoveRance f/ 50 Cent, Young Jeezy, T.I. Album: Up (Remix) Song: Up (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: 50 Cent] (LoveRance) YAY AREA!!!! From the front to the back from the left to the right side, we worldwide From the east to the westside get it girl that's right, let's ride (I beat the pussy up) [Verse One: 50 Cent] She ain't got to tell me she want it she know I know that she with it She moan and groan when I get it she told me lick it I did it Sexy thang! Enough to make a nigga go crazy mayne do crazy thangs We get the poppin and touchin we get the lickin and stickin Now now you know what we doin when your around and we missin We go to perfect positions we get it poppin now listen Too much pleasure to measure she got the power to beat it D make her wanna give it to me in a major way  Jackpot jumpshot a nigga fade away I mean way away, I be on that elite shit That H-B-K Heartbreak kid freak shit [Chorus: LoveRance] (Young Jeezy) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (Vaughn 'gon play the shit out of this!) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (True story by the way! Yeah!) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (See the world baby! That's right!) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (ATL to Oakland nigga! Your motherfuckin world nigga!)  I beat the pussy..... [Verse Two: Young Jeezy] Everybody call you bitch 'cause it's scandalous I'm a pro with the wood these niggas amateurs Make her buss a few times when I come through (Come through) Then we smoke a blunt and kick it like kung fu We goin crazy in this pussy and you nut too (Nut too) You done got three or four I'm tryin to nut two (Nut two) If she talk that shit she got a awesome mouth (Awesome mouth) Think I het her one time at the Waffle House (YEAHHHHHHHH!!!) Might have been the IHOP (IHOP) But it definitely wasn't my spot  Look at all these bitches where the bad ones at?! (Bad ones at) You know I hate a mad hoe where the glad ones at? I'm tryin to take somethin with me when the club close (Club close) Look at Jizzle got the Phantom full of club hoes Yeah! Jizzle this baseball cap I'm 'bout to beat the pussy up nigga baseball bat [Chorus: LoveRance] (Young Jeezy) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up!  I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (Jizzle! True story!) I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up!  I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! (Yeah!)  I beat the pussy..... [Verse Three: T.I.] Hey! Beat that pussy up jab, jab, right hook Send her home to her man let her watch that notebook Shawty wanna hang on that coat hook (HAAAAAA!!!!) Split that thang down the middle let her roll up Sho' nuff gucci down to the shoelace Hundred cash in the chain no fugaze Hoe still sweat a nigga on a cool day Them other sucker niggas faker than a school day A rich nigga gotta pay that's what you say I got bitches from the Bay to the U.K. Thick with it pussy sweet like Kool Aid Run it raw then I let her buss two straight No suitcase on the PJ runway Me plus two that's a G4 three way Hey! I give her man a hard time He got a soft six and I got a hard nine HEY! [Chorus: LoveRance] I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! I beat the pussy up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! Up! I beat the pussy..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ T.I. Album: Theatre of the Mind Song: Wish You Would Typed by: Civiconsum18s@aim.com * * first single [Intro] Ludacris, (T.I.)  (HERE WE GOOO!)  Surprise nigga (HAHAAAA)  It was bound to happen sooner or later (Hahahahaha)  (They aint ready for this)...  History has been made  ATL, Yeaaaaaaaaaah..  [Hook]  Cause I got it All these haters wanna grill me (But fuck that I'm about my money if it kills me)  [YEEAAH BABY]  (And I'm up to no good)  Ayyy I wish a motherfucker would THIS THA A-TOWN, COME INTO MY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  HOUSTON, DALLAS COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would [Verse 1] Ludacris  I keep a fresh pair of One's on my feet And double deuces on the chevy 3's company the double 4's on my belly 5 hot amps speakers shake like jelly So many wires in my trunk look like a bowl of spaghetti Assault and batteries, but my trunk stay "everready" Assault and battery if you scared you never ready And yeah I went green, and 26's on the hybrid Smoked so much green that I can't open up my eyelids Wake up in London, go to sleep on Atlanta time Still my paint got more candy then your valentine For 5 Mill I bought a lake front crib Bentley Car cover lookin like a laced frontwig Of course they hating cause they still riding the Martor train Re-name the yacht but put the plane in my daughters name Now that's karma so call me Daddy War Bucks If you got money, I got more bucks [Hook]  Cause I got it,  All these haters wanna grill me (But fuck that I'm about my money if it kills me)  [YEEAAH BABY]  (And I'm up to no good)  Ayyy I wish a motherfucker would NEW YORK & JERSEY COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  L.A. & THE BAY COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  [Verse 2] Ludacris  LUDA! I'm a freak like a scorpio Custom hood scoops make the coupe look like Pinocchio I'm rich bitch, I should drop cash The inside of the Lac' look like a wood shop class And these women gimme "Love" like it's tennis time So many shoes that my closet look like Finish Line So many acres that my crib look like Bermuda So many diamonds the safe look like Kay Jewelers That Spider about to drop my team said Luda get it Now 50 thou says that I'm the first nigga with it First round draft pick, later for you imbeciles the car is all black like it got traded to the Timberwolves And I keep a little bit of that green up in the lining but as the weather change my weed adjust to different climates (Okkk) Green in the summer time, orange in the spring Now it's black with that purp I call my whip the "Sac King" [Hook]  Cause I got it All these haters wanna grill me (But fuck that I'm about my money if it kills me)  [YEEAAH BABY]  (And I'm up to no good)  Ayyy I wish a motherfucker would Chi-Town and Detroit, COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  D.C and B-More, COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would [Verse 3] T.I. I'm fly enough to fly away  trouble I don't shy away from it I annihilate suckers in they driveway In church on sunday morning praying about what happened Friday But them the consequences for coming at pimpin sideways Now a days guess it pays to change in cahoots with corporations making major change With magnificent watches and amazing chains Plush pad in Atlanta and L.A.'s the same I'm balling til I'm bored with selections and assortments of automotives worth a small fortune of course it's the '72 Chevelle hardtop, '69 drop 60 carat piece you can barely pay your lease Dude wanna talk new school tell him go ahead drop head double R-Maybachs and corner sales Swag got the ass, stack cash to the hair line Fuck another car it's time to try an buy a airline [Hook]  Cause I got it All these haters wanna grill me (But fuck that I'm about my money if it kills me)  [YEEAAH BABY]  (And I'm up to no good)  Ayyy I wish a motherfucker would Miami to Alabama, COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  Phily and Boston, COME INTO THEY HOOD Ayyyy I wish a motherfucker would  St. Louis to Tennessee, COME INTO THEY HOOD Phoenix to V.A, COME INTO THEY HOOD  Ohio and Inidiana, COME INTO THEY HOOD Mississippi to Carolinas, COME INTO THEY HOOD  and little Rock, COME INTO THEY HOOD Oklahoma to Louisiana, COME INTO THEY HOOD  Kansas City to Seattle, COME INTO THEY HOOD Minneapolis to Milwaukee, COME INTO THEY HOOOOOOD The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lupe Fiasco f/ Matthew Santos, T.I., Young Jeezy Album: Superstar Remix 12" Song: Superstar (Remix) Typed by: artful.jedi@yahoo.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Young Jeezy] Lupe {*audience raving*} Ha ha Young [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] Ah Ah, ah, oh my God All this for me, I must be on my job First album was a classic, never got an award Took my first ten grand and bought a Honda Accord And then I pack them thangs inside the Honda Accord And put them on a highway and watch the Honda Accord Excuse me engineer, hope you pressing record And on behalf of the streets, I just can't be ignored (YEAH!) It's phasing all black (black) just like a new glock All the broads screamin' like they just seen 2Pac Say his earrings 'bout as big as his ego Keep a fresh baldhead like he just left Kemo (AY!) Yes, it ain't mine, this is Lupe's single And every time I watch The Wire, it's like I just left B-More (HA HA!) Call me Marlo, come be my Snoopy Superstar, baby, why when you do me (YO!) Chorus 1: Mathew Santos If you are what you say you are A superstar Then have no fear The camera's here And the microphones And they wanna' know Oh, oh, oh Yeah [Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco] You on your fiftheenth minute of fame and on the sixteenth Beginith the lame, and on seventeen, you lose everythang The twenty-first is the worse, wishin' you was eleven Poppin' like you was seven with the feelin' when you was seconds Reminiscin' when you was just in Now you just ten, no longer the trend they dressin' Now you wonderin' where all the press went You no longer impress them Get arrested, paparazzi will press then {*camera flash*} I fell on purpose to stay a freshmen I lose, but Lu attend the school for X-Men So when I get my cap and gown and put the rappin' down I'll only know half my powers, but I spend half an hour Like a senior citizen, havin' a baby shower Haters wanna budget, but my fans still love it So you can ask them exactly who I are Nine weeks in number one, I'm a superstar Chorus 2: Mathew Santos If you are what you say you are A superstar Then have no fear The crowd is here And the lights are on And they want a show Oh, oh, oh Yeah [Verse 3: T.I.] Okay now Anyone who know me, they know me to ride But when the shit was sellin' slow, it's just my homies and I Had to get rid of all the phonies in the homies' disguise So you speakin' and I don't reply, homie, don't be surprised You ain't gotta ride for me, I ain't asked you to Take a journey on my own, I would glad to do You go and turn around, now, I call a cab for you I stand up on my own two, he kissed a ass or who No way, Jose, we pop Rose, blow dro, there's more, no case But see, don't say my fault, ain't clip, more yay than Cirque Du Soleil Cops is (???), all day, kill people and get off like O.J. You catch your case, just shut your face, don't get caught singin' do-re Mi-fa-se La-ti-do, ghetto, he wrote G Code, I obey {*audience raving*} He's so gaye They handle them, he's hangin' 'round me, no way It's okay Life, listen, learn, I 'gest that you go your way I be straight No conversation, man, this all I'm gon' say Hey Repeat Chorus 1 & 2 [Matthew Santos] If you are What you say you are Then have no fear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maino f/ Fabolous, Jadakiss, Plies, Swizz Beatz, T.I. Album: If Tomorrow Comes Song: Hi Hater (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Somebody call the doctor man......RE-MIX!!! It's like them haters out there got a sickness man that need to be cured Hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hey hey hi hi hi hater!!! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hey hey hi hi hi hater!!! Hi hi hi hi hi hello hello hater!!! (Remix come on man yeahhhhhhhh!!!) [Verse 1: Maino] (*Women in the background) Look! Don't hide I see you hater I'm a wave hi when I see you hater I've been dyin to meet you hater Please don't leave me I need you hater This is for the ones that's been prayin I'm 'gon fail They hatin, rahter see me back in the cell But i ain't in the jail my nigga I'm doin good Brooklyn we did it I'm keepin it all hood Keep hatin I'm rollin I'm goin past you Chicks like oooh I like him you see his tattoos (*Go Maino!!!) Look at me went from Smack DVD's to MTV Pants hangin down on BET Still in the streets nigga you see me!!!!! [Chorus: Maino] (T.I.) Hustle hard, stack paper, it's alright, y'all hate us It's nothin, we major, you see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Ay Maino, tell them haters get ready!! [Verse 2: T.I.] Ay Maino, tell them haters get ready!! I ain't got time, too busy I'm flyin Over the Atlantics, three or fo' Hispanics Strip dancin, no panties, askin me to take advantage Just imagine all the fun that I'm havin (It's scary) On average, I'm travelin, gettin that cabbage Performin in London, then I'm landin in Paris (Hahaha!) If I was you, frankly I'd be embarrassed You carry no weight, words hold no merit I talk big money, you cain't understand it My picture won't fit on yo' cameras Go win two Grammys, build cribs for a few families THEN you can come back and holla at me  God dammit, it's SAD - but I could give a damn what a sucka thank Hustle hard, Grand Hustle, call us Hustle INC. Me and Maino, Jay'll ate it, just like brothers think it's all about the music 'til it escalade to other things Sucka seen the Bankhead-BK connection You can hate it, but respect or else get dealt wit, bitch! [Chorus: Maino] Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! [Verse 3: Swizz Beatz] OK! OK1 Hi! my name is Swizz, your name is, hater So you see 'em, hi hater!!! On my watch, the Patek Philippe I don't lose no sleep, cause I don't fuck with y'all haters My car, the SLR, the engine through them like it's a guitar I'll leave y'all haters in the dust by far I'm designin planes y'all lookin at cars (LAMES!!!) Yeah! I try to keep the peace If you keep talkin the hawk 'gon slide in 'em What's up?! They all want the cake But I'm a chef so I gotta show 'em how to bake (GET 'EM!!!!) [Verse 4: Plies] Nine outta ten rappers - HATERS They get emotional when they ain't got paper When you get bigger than them then they hate ya FUCK 'EM! 'Cause I don't owe 'em no favors When rappers hot - THEY PRAISE YA! When rappers get cold, they spray ya We smarter than most, ask my lab-el My first-week numbers, real major! (Dayum!) Two hundred fourteen thousand sold, playa Take by the minute now, half be my neighbor I got a show, so I'ma talk to y'all later Forty thousand a show - now hater! [Chorus: Maino] (Jadakiss) Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! (Hello!!! How y'all doin?) [Verse 5: Jadakiss] Yo! A million dollars worth the ice on My wife beater show the pythons Drug money kept the lights on, and besides the gunsmoke The hate in the air is what kept the nights on They 'gon hate anyway screw bein nice to 'em Till you send 'em some hot ones or you put the knife on 'em Hi haters! It's me Jada Might see me in the D with pink gators Or I might be in the streets with three shakers Ten head cracks in a row with sweet paper Yeah I'm just tryin to get my cash The LP is on the way though, Kiss My Ass!!! [Verse 6: Fabolous] Let 'em show NY, like the folks who make PlayStation Yeah, I'm back, fresh off of hatecation I let the haters take a break Now I'ma let it out the bag like Jake the Snake If it's one thing for sho', two things for certain I'ma keep it up 'til my middle finger's hurtin Naw - I ain't had a brush with beef yet Some of y'all wake up hatin and ain't brushed your teeth yet I come through, haters gotta know that I am paid I be wavin like I'm on the float of the parade Hola, bonjour - hi hater! I keep it movin on hoes, call me vibrator Los' [Chorus: Maino] Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mario f/ Jadakiss, T.I. Album: Turning Point Song: Let Me Love You (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss] (Mario) (Baby you should let me love you, let me love you) Ah-ha! Scott Storch! Did it again baby! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) T.I.! Mario! Jada! 3rd Street! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) D-Block! Trap Muzik! Double R! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) This is the remix! (Baby you should let me love you) [Verse - Jadakiss] Just relieve your stress (relax) Chill your ring finger and freeze ya chest Cop you the new Beemer, the beads is next And even though it's a want I need the sex I hope it's just insecurity Cause I know she feeling me Digging the growth and the maturity But I got hard luck, cause honey keep keeping her guards up So I'm just trying to even the odds up And that part sucks to have to keep going back in on her When she know that I been on her Since back in the days in Manhattan after the matinee When she just happened to wave That's when I knew she had the right shine (right shine) And the right mind (right mind) It's just on me to catch her at the right time (right time) When I get her I'm a grab her by the wrist Pull her close to me, hug her and tell her this [Chorus - Mario] Baby you should let me love you, let me be the one to Give you everything you want and need Baby good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be [Verse - Mario] Baby I just don't get it, do you enjoy being hurt? I know you smell the perfume, the make up on his shirt You don't believe his stories you know that they're all lies Bad as you are, stick around and I just don't know why (If I was you man) Baby you'd! (Never worry bout) What I'd do (I'd be coming home) Back to you, every night doing you right (Your the type of woman) Deserves good things (Fist full of diamonds) Hand full of rings (Baby you're a star) I just want to show you [Bridge - Mario] Baby you should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you [Verse - T.I.] Don't you wanna cruise avenues in a ride wit a pair of shoes Shining like a diamond sitting high with raised latitude Heh, listen baby I could change your attitude You chilling with the king you ain't dealing with them rapper dudes Hey keep it real, kick it with me, is what you'd rather do I was popping before you, gonna be the same after you I ain't gon chase you, I'd rather replace you In case you wondered, I'm stuntin and way major If the ice don't matter, and the money don't phase you Cars don't impress you, I bet the sex'll amaze you Look you don't want to past the chance (hey!) Spend the summer in the bottom half of france Don't be alarmed I don't mean no harm I'll help you before I hurt you, I'm trying to rebirth you I wanna love you, I ain't just have to nail you You already know I can show you Better than I can tell you [Bridge] w/ Mario ad-libs Hey Scott Storch you crazy for this one! That boy crazy!! [Scott Storch instrumental outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ T.I., Trick Daddy Album: M.A.D.E. Song: Round Here Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Memphis Bleek] Uh (uh) yeah (yeah) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) Know what it sound like (It's the Roc nigga) Heard (uh-huh, uh) Don't be scared now niggaz (Round here, round here) We know you scared now Marcy House (let's go, Just Blaze) [Verse 1 - Memphis Bleek] I let you know, how I do it round here And I'm out eight in a morn', dawg glock two around here What chu move around here, and you know I keep my tool around here My niggaz act a fool around here, yeah My hood, my set, my strip, my p's, whatever We down, we real, we bang forever Put in game down here, make change down here Cause I serve them fiends, that raw 'caine down here, yeah And I done made my way, round here And them hoes know, I twist them like haze round here Been +M.A.D.E.+ down here, blow hay round here Ask around, them niggaz know I lay down here Down here, yeah, and I done aired down there If the streets was bigger I'd park a Lear around here Round here... and I'm still in my Nike Air's Yeah, my hat leanin, and I'm livin wit no fears [Chorus - Memphis Bleek] Round here, yeah, round here, yeah Yeah, we ridin clean, on them things round here Yeah, round here, yeah, round here, yeah We blowin dro, gettin low round here, yeah Round here, yeah, round here, yeah We ridin clean, on them things round here Yeah, round here, yeah, round here, yeah We blowin dro, gettin low round here, yeah [Verse 2 - Trick Daddy] It's hot as hell, but it snows down here You get a box of blow for no mo' then 24 down here This is the season, for the zoe's round here If you corner who you know you can get it for the low down here From - nickels to birds, you can get it flipped and served For talkin too much, be for certain, them niggaz workin You can buy it, from the cops down here You know who sweat it down here, bitch it's so Crip round here So many bitches out there, snitchin round here That's why every summer, bitches be missin round here I roll wit - straight killers, thug niggaz, and drug dealers And if they ridin wit me, best believe them my niggaz As for you bitches, forget about it See the head was tremendous, but this dick - is strickly business I'll be thuggin forever, see I'ma fighter, not a lover I'm a hit-and-run-it, cold-blooded, motherfucka But the hoes, they don't care down here They be - suckin and fuckin all year down here They be heavy on the pill, down here Got mo' than that what the motherfuckin meal down here [Chorus] w/ (T.I. ad-libs) [Verse 3 - T.I.] Oh yeah, I know you prolly never known, round here It get hotter then the body, get the wrong idea It's just Caprice's, and Impala's sittin on chrome down here Brawls and ballin, ain't all that's goin on round here Young killers tote pistols, like they grown down here Them young niggaz similar to King Kong, round here A pocket full of stones, would get you on down here So dope boy, keep ya drops like the song round here Hey it ain't safe for the faker walkin home round here Hey, the hell what we know if you ain't know round here You say the wrong thang, will get ya back blown round here The gangsta's rep they hood, by the zone round here Get a hole in ya dome, bout ya rims down here 24's make them dubs, look like 10 down here I'm where it ends and begins for us rappers round here Money, hoes, cars, dro's is all that matters down here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ LL Cool J, T.I. Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Hold Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*whispered*} Free Agentz [Intro: T.I.] + (Nelly) Ay, y'all already know what this is homeboy Nah Mo', no no, no nigga These niggaz done done it this time Ay, ay (You like that? OOOOOOOH!) Fuck what ya heard homeboy! (That feel good to you?) Real niggaz on deck! (What about now, oooh) Goons is out nigga! (OOOOH!) [Nelly] We doin 100 on the highway switchin lane after lane If the po-po come in then let 'em, ain't no stoppin today We brought them horses out tonight (hey!) Them big locks, duel cams, chrome pips (hey!) I know you hear 'em Please, who in yo' hood wouldn't trade places with me If I ain't what you tryin to be then why you hustlin, see To be young, black and rich (OOH!) If that ain't the combination tell me when it switched (OOH!) I need to know; listen Maybe the problem is you're thinkin too small You niggaz only wanna rap and that's all Yo' only goal is to buy out the mall, I go to buy me a mall You wanna stunt for the summer, I'm tryin to buy me the fall And catch a MySpace lick (YEAH!) You know how many hits MySpace get? (YEAH!) Hey! Man it's like, I'm hurtin feelings just by tellin the truth I'm hurtin feelings in and out of this booth; now listen [Chorus: Nelly] + (T.I.) You see me sittin in the turnin lane Yours big but mine bigger mayne You out here braggin 'bout a little change You need to step up your game; lil' boy you better Hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) Hold up (ay) hold up – you better sit ya ass down Hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) Hold up (ay) hold up – you better sit ya ass down [T.I.] Ay, well 'Pac, I see these haters watchin me But I ain't trippin when y'all see it ain't no stoppin me Way in the million and I'm steady buyin property, I got land Come catch me you hit the lottery, nigga so stop playin And I ride what I want to, and ya ain't know? See me buyin what I want to, then walk out the sto' 100 thousand in my pocket, you can tell how I'm walkin Kick my ball like a dog just to keep these haters off (OHH!) Posted at the red light, on chrome Drop-top candy red tight, 454 A nigga want it better bring it on Fresh off vacation, all that hatin got me paranoid Yeah, you better know it What I'm bringin you ain't ready for it, no right now Once I tell 'em go and get 'em boy, it's lights out Nigga I ain't playin wit'cha, come any day I'll hit ya Don't let me pull up on you in that turnin lane nigga [LL Cool J] Hey, hey, hey My bread stack high like Mike in NBA highlights Mansion means jacuzzi bubblin with skylights Uncle L jew-els, killin niggaz eyesight Wal*Mart stocks since '87 (yeah you damn right!) My wrist stay glistenin, two birds kissin and I'm sick of all this money, somebody call a physician in The American dream, I'm what niggaz is envisionin You clowns ain't makin it rain, it's just drizzlin (hey!) Actin like I ain't paid, what you talkin 'bout? I throw a party at the bank, walk a million out Got over 30 movies, what you think you doin to me? You sold a couple records, how you think you gon' outdo me? You know I'm in shape, I slap you you gon' try to sue me I buy you off, slide off with your lil' cutie All this money is a goddamn nuisance Look at my career, yeah I'm the blueprint (OOH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Jazze Pha, T.I. Album: Suit Song: Pretty Toes Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] + (Jazze Pha) (Whoa) OHH! C'mon (Ladies and gentlemen) Ohh (Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen!) We wanna welcome e'rybody for comin out tonight (Phizzle Phizzle) Most definitely To another S-T-L/A-T-L connection Whoo! We don't normally do this but uhh We gon' keep the party goin (All around the world) [Chorus: Jazze Pha] Girls, girls, fly girls (yeah yeah yeahhhh) Pretty toes all around the world.. I'm lookin for the country girls (go shorty, do your thing now) City girls (go shorty, do your thing now) Sexy girls (go shorty, do your thing now) Pretty girls, ooh yeah [Nelly] I need that one that'll make ya heart stop when you see her She can get a pick of the 'Llac or the Modena I'll give it all from two to fo'-seaters It ain't gotta be Halloween, I'm +trickin+ just to +treat+ her Jealousy in the urr - other girls wanna be her She young right now, she's an up-and-comin diva She ain't gotta measure up, but she gotta be off the meter But if I can dance with Cindy, I can dance with Shaquita Cause I know I can, I shall, I will I feels I can, I felt I plays with a whole lotta mil's You ain't talkin 'bout nothin if you ain't talkin 'bout dollar bills (hey!) Shorty glow shine, so fine, you gotta keep her (hey!) Pretty toed, half Black, half señorita (hey!) Coochie so good, make it hard for you to leave her I'm a playa so even if I'm losin I never cheat her, huh [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [T.I.] Hey, hey T.I.P. be off the meter when he sharp as a needle In a new two-seater, pissin on niggaz ego I don't wanna rap no mo', I'm CEO No mo' ménage-à-trois or full trio Three hoe, get in they mind like Miss Cleo You know, nigga try a hold like Judo (oh!) I know a lot of nigga hot about me ('bout me) I know you niggaz ain't forgot about me I'm the shawty with the O's and the 'dro And the blow and the, Jag-o and get the clothes out the sto' Anyway - I got a bottle of Mo' and X-O And I'm lookin for a modelin hoe, so let's go Get it right - six nights, six flights, six shows (six shows) Six checks, each one, six oh's (six oh's) Six broads to choose, they six pros Light-skinned Asian bitches with pink toes (okay) [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [Jazze Pha] + (Nelly) There's so many fly girls I've seen around the worrrrld (All around the worrrrld) I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a what?) Hey, hey - I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a who?) C'mon c'mon - Nikki, Tasha, Kiki, and Laverne and Shirrrrl (Yeah, yeah I know that mayne) Hey, hey I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a what?) I gotta get me a girl, hey [Nelly] Uhh, uhh Now I done been around the world TWICE, back again Whoever thought I'd be twenty times plat-inum Whoever thought I'd have jewels but I lack a gem  I done dealt with plenty dimes, but I lack the ten A New York chick, I met her through the fashion biz And we be doin them type of thangs, you can't imagine shit She be bitin and screamin cause she's so passionate Shorty got blue eyes - I swear she African, African, African Talkin 'bout [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [Nelly] Yeah! We wanna thank all the ladies for comin out tonight Every one that.. you know, open-toed, inch-heel stilleto Maybe you might have on a open-toed sandle Or maybe you just runnin to the grocery sto' in yo' house shoes with yo' feet out, girl you lookin good OH! [Jazze Pha] + (Nelly) There's so many fly girls I've seen (Go shorty, whoo!) around the worrrrld - all around the worrrrld (Go shorty) I gotta get me a girl (Definitely, ladies please) Hey, hey - I gotta get me a girl (Keep your feet well taken curr of) C'mon c'mon - Nikki, Tasha, Kiki (It's a must) And Laverne and Shirrrrl - hey, hey I gotta get me a girl - I gotta get me a girl I gotta get me a girl - hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ T.I. Album: 5.0 Song: She's So Fly Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] + (Nelly) Say Mo (yeah bruh) You remember them broads on the strip out in Vegas? (Uh-huh, what about 'em?) Well I don't know if I told you or not but (hmm?) Lil' shawty I was in the back seat with man, you know uhh (uhh, Naomi) I ran into her on Rodeo Drive in L.A., and I was like [Chorus: Nelly] (She's so fly) She's outrageous, I met her out in Vegas She fresh off the pages of a magazine, I said (She's so fly) She like eye candy, I can't stop starin I'm like goddamn, I got to have you girl, because (She's so, fly) [T.I.] Look at shorty hoppin out that Maserati In them Giuseppe Zanotti's and that bangin ass body In them low cut Frankie B.'s with the panties peekin out 'em With a booty that big, and her stomach rock solid On Rodeo Drive, walkin in her Roberto Cavalli I should probably walk up to the register and say "I got it" Go and pick up what you like, it's nothin ma, don't worry about it That bag should be carried by somebody so exotic And that dress should be worn when there's nothin else up under Just in case I run into you I can pull up to your bumper She politely declined when I offered her my number Then I asked her what's her name, said she'd rather make me wonder So I paid and she laughed, carried out her bags outside And I couldn't get her ass, I tried As I watch her leave out the store How one man wanted shorty ass and more, for sure [Nelly] Shorty harder than Cialis See my hand, got the money countin careless Couldn't find a bigger star than in Dallas And the Pistons ain't the only one with rings in +The Palace+ Do your research, tell me your analysis Take a jet and make you +Wonder+ where you +Land+ like Alice .. Tell me shorty ain't the baddest Tell me shorty don't deserve to walk the runway in Paris (Woo!) She deserve it all I don't do the mall, I do it by catalog La Perla panties and bras, fuck buyin at the bar I fuck around and buy this whole club by tomorrow ... See, she's so nice She can get whatever she likes Don't let the price make you mad I live a Fabolous life shorty, +Throw It in the Bag+ [T.I.] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go (She's so flyyyyyy) What? Ha, yeah, yeah (She's so fly to me) Look at her [Nelly] + (T.I.) Uhh, hoppin out that Rover (hey) In them Louie loafers (hey) I just wanna hold her (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) {Closer to me - closer to meeeeee} [T.I.] Ay, we in Vegas on the strip and seein vision and precision lookin like a straight star With the buttons undone, showin off her lace bra My partner in the back, 'til the smoke hop in they car Okay, broad{?} in L.A., she say I got her to the mall, ha [Nelly] So, we hopped in the Land and we rolled out, yeah Walked on the end and we showed out, yeah It's the King and the One with the dough out hurr We can blow out hurr - cause she's so fly ... (She's so, fly) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D f/ T.I. Album: Nothing Song: Party People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 12X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Get up! Your dreams have now been fulfilled C'mon~! Uhh... get up! Let's go [Pharrell] Hey, hey, what do you think? It's gettin right time, where your drink? Hey, oh, 'fore the place blow Make up your mind girl, c'mon [Interlude] Let's just GO! You can bring your friends girl - let's just GO! Forget about the type - let's just GO! Don't worry 'bout the mornin - let's just GO! Just worry about tonight [repeat 7X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Do you like it? Do you love it? Is it kickin in? Are you high? Hooooooooo-HO! What I need, what I need is that girl there {*8X*} [over repeat] Party people! {*2X*} I came to get Down {*8X*) Get the {fuck} up! [repeat 8X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [Pharrell] Hey, babe, if they complain Tell them motherfuckers it's yo' stage Yeah, yeah, hands in the air I spray champagne everywhere now [Interlude] [Pharrell] What I need, what I need is that girl there {*7X*} Hooooooooo-HO! [repeat 8X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [T.I.] Ay, fly to any nigga, get a skinny mini Hit her on a shot of Remy, promise she don't get a penny What the bid'ness, let my homies slide up in it when I'm finisher The #1 pussy popper, f'real it's not just an image Like tennis get served while she licks her All I need's that girl right thurr, listen hurr She playin under her dress, soakin wet, no fur Who one-oh-one sex? Not me, no sir [repeat 7X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Do you like it? Do you love it? Is it kickin in? Are you high? Party, party, p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p [Chorus] - 2X [repeat to fade] What I need, what I need is that girl there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Slim Thug, T.I. Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Breakin' Old Habits Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [T.I.] Hey what it is pimpin Slim Thug and T.I.P. doing it B.I.G with B.I.G (yea a ye yeaah..) Ya understand what I'm saying (hey..) P.S.C. pimpin! Y'all already know what it is man, its a bad boy thing man grand hustle collaboration, Y'all already know man Boss Hog whats happening (hey..) A-Town pimpin! [Slim Thug] Slim Thugga! I roll straped glock 40 in my lap I rap but still think like I'm grinding in the trap Trying to adapt to the change from the streets to the game Can't be selling CD's and still selling dem thangs Cause snitches drop names and bring alot of problems And putting somthing in they head the only way you gonna solve em' Jackas stay plotting watching your every move And the minute you snooze will be the minute you lose, dude Thats the rules so I cruise with the tools To fix the damn fools that think I'm slipping with my jewels Breakin old habits so hard to do Thats why you see me on the same block with the same crew And everybody sitting fat living good And I'm the only nigga that be rapping in my hood I was raised by the hustlas, and ganged by the G's And taught by the bosses how to stack that cheese [T.I.] [Chorus] You got rich and G shit is still a part of you Cause breakin old habits so hard to do You still watch for the haters and the robbing crew Cause breakin old habits so hard to do When on shot that nigga like I started to Cause breakin old habits so hard to do Fresh out the dealership crackin open cigars in the coupe Man cause breakin old habits so hard to do [Biggie] Damn it feel good to see people up on it Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it My brain is haunted, with mean dreams GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer than Richie, quickly, niggaz wanna hit me If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit in my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci Bulletproof vestes under they coochie Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggas represent Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me While you still killin niggas with punany, like Connie and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw, you on the floor with the virus While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it Them country niggaz call me Frank White I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight Sunrise open my eyes no surprise Got my shorty flying in with keys taped to her thighs With all the utensils, who hang my china thing She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rentals [T.I.] I used to drive a Chevy Monte-Carlo, bricks of blow all in it I was taught to sell the shit, you put your nose all in it Let my bitch drive the Benz but the Rolls off limits How you call yourself pimpin, with hos all in your buisness What it is, the music business or the streets make a decision I do this in my sleep, and you way out your division pimp This game we play for keeps, and the rules remain hidden This ain't a place for lames and that snitching shit is forbidden After sitting in the kitchen and whipping with hopes of getting back All that off a brick to go blow it, so it even 50 stacks And now I'm sitting back, thinking about a time When a nigga get a 100 g's, think he went down But now look for loyalty in the game, it ain't there And things ain't the same they changed it ain't fair Real niggas dead, doing their time and ain't here You commit the same crime and come home the same year The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paul Wall f/ T.I. Album: The People's Champ Song: So Many Diamonds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T.I.] Aight nigga, you already know what it is man A-Town, H-Town connection nigga T.I.P. man, you understand that? My homeboy Paul Wall, extended Pimp Squad Clique Keep it pimpin mayne! [Chorus: T.I.] So many diamonds in my teeth you can't see no gold Hundred ki's in the streets, every week no O Certified G, a young nigga so cold It's the Pimp Squad Clique, punk bitch, we so tho'ed [T.I.] Pimp smoke grey Cadillac, 24, imagine that Camera in my license plate to see you when I'm backin back T.I.P. be smokin on that good shit imagine that I'm blowin on a hoe that's strong enough to kill the Cadillac By bitch I mean fro, hell to heart and had a mack attack Give me a brick of blow you never seen it flip as fast as that And you can keep the beef, pussy nigga I don't battle rap So that bullshit you kickin through yo' teeth a gangsta laughin at That shit you hear on "Gangsta Grillz" is real, best chill before you wake up with some gangsters in your grill and get killed By a nigga named Big Phil, tote a big steel Give a damn if my record never sells, I'm the shit still [Chorus] - 2X [Paul Wall] I got the diamond ice in the grill, invisible top, glass bottom I'm swervin lanes on the interstate, evadin laws and playin possum I spin the wheel I roll the dice, I look at life in a different light 36 of that white make you a celebrity overnight I shoot a kite to my potnah Project, locked up doin 45 And let him know I'm still holdin, them Grit Boys is on the rise A hundred percent no compromise, my momma raised to be a man I'm not concerned with the next man, gettin money, that's my plan I'm on the road with that boy Unique, I'm po'n drank he roll the Sweets T Ferris concocted a master plan, we executed it to the T It's Paul Wall and T.I.P., makin haters, R.I.P. We so tho'ed you can't compete, our competition is obsolete [Chorus] - 2X [Paul Wall] I'm on the hustle 25/8, ATL to the lone star state On the move I'm bleedin blocks, tryin to get this paper straight No time to wait no room for error, the gameplan is crystal clear I'm tryin to bolt up 83's and throw some ice cubes in the air I'm reminiscin, on my potnah Duke that died and passed away I'm strapped up at all times, if you flex I'ma blast away Like Tom Hanks on "Castaway," I'm posted up just one deep Cause these days these hoes out here be plottin to come up on the creep And these suckers be on that reach, tryin to come up off of me You need to go get it, by yourself and stand up on your own two feet Look at me I'm star-studded, all because I punch that clock Burnin straights out on the block, givin it all I got [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The P$C f/ Young Dro Album:  25 to Life Song:   Do Ya Thang Typed by: attorneygraves@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro Chorus] Aye, Aye, Aye, do ya thang Aye, do ya thang Aye, do ya thang Aye, Aye, do ya thang Aye, Aye, Aye [Repeat Intro Chorus] Aye, AYE! Fresh out the house got the beat on suicide as I ride up and down Martin Luther King Drive (do ya thang) standing tall looking down on the block these boys snitching all day I look around on the block [T.I.] I'm in a silver SL five pound on the block ain't you ever seen a young player clown in a drop? (do ya thang) Ain't nothing to it "G" game spit fluidly groups of hos pursuing me as if it's more than two of me [ ] Money my Chevy earns and Tuesday it's ocean blue (damn) twenty-eight set over you Ferrari drops and Rovers, too (do ya thang) Hos, set them out TV's, I'm a flip them out fifty bricks, that ain't shit tell them niggaz ship them out [ ] I'm coming down shining Rose Gold feeling like a mack pose cadillac with five hos make these suckers hate more (do y thang) Damn right pimp we do this every night with the same big faces make these lame hos bite [Refrain] I got that top down I got them tints down I got them rims and I'm [unintelligible] do ya thang (I'm doing it) do ya thang (I'm doing it) do ya thang (I'm doing it) do ya thang (I'm doing it) [Repeat] [T.I.] I'm in the hood in a drop top Super Sport mash let the horses holler and the Porsches follow niggaz on they porches holler (do ya thang) They call me "Thunderbelt" cut me down to something else shawty something else hot enough to make the summer melt [ Drizzle] Man, I got a fruit-loop Chevy follow me on 24's Lucky Charm Cutlass green diamond, purple horse (do ya thang) Like James Bond car Drizzle is a porn star the Spring we was green summer Cutlasses are OnStar [ ] I got a curly head dirty red broad eating lemonheads leaning in the Lincoln with a pump by her left leg (do ya thang) looking in the tint will get your left side bent leave you laid out at Lakewood by the lake bitch [ ] Candy coated rims chop the streets until they rock up muscle car straight bucket look how it stands up (do ya thang) Yeah mane the ride look like a fruit drink it make these hos thirsty when they see the pineapple paint [Refrain] Baby ‘Laq green drop coupes stack cream earrings in my ear look like a baby flat screen (do ya thang) I'm doing it my neckpiece green ice bubbalicious purple I'm a Grand Hustle King [ ] The super-cleanest on the scene Italian leather match the polo boots and the wood grain, Lame I show you how to do the do (do ya thang) Blowing fruit same flavor as the candy gloss in the backseat, got a freak pulling her panties off [ ] Errrrr maybe anchor on a Cuban link chain diamonds stacked on top of diamonds custom made pinky rings (do ya thang) Fishing hats Polo shorts with the Polo man wearing blue and tan in a blue and tan Avalanche [T.I.] Jackers never had a chance sat them in the ambulance they hopped out the van and start shooting like a cameraman (do ya thang) Top down hit the switch and let it drop down passing by the Underground they can hear me Underground [Refrain] Do ya thang Do ya thang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The P$C f/ Lil Scrappy, T.I. Album: 25 to Life/Hustle & Flow Soundtrack Song: I'm a King Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: T.I.] Now, e'rybody wanna be the king of the South When, they ain't runnin a damn thing but they mouth No doubt, it's all good, y'all just statin y'all opinion But in the South and in the hood it's understood without sayin It's a given, and ain't because of what I'm doin for a livin It's, mo' because of what I do and how I'm livin Not to mention when I'm rappin I'm just hurtin niggaz feelings (Niggaz feelings) And still chillin on somethin that's into healing Made provisions for the clique to continue keepin it pimpin Whether crack was in the house or record sales was through the ceiling So say what you want, and do what you please But for fun, I shoot 22's from your shoes to your knees I run a record label and a crew of G's So, niggaz'll come and look for you if ya sneeze or even breathe the wrong way, you better do what the song say And be easy, or else it'll be a long day [Chorus: T.I.] I'm a king - bank rolls in the pockets of my jeans I'm a king - you pussy niggaz couldn't see me in your dreams I'm a king - top topic of all of your magazines I'm a king - head of the body, leader of the team I'm a king - remember I can get your block knocked off I'm a king - a Bentley coupe with the top chopped off I'm a king - I'm connectin nationwide but in the South I'm a king - just respect it and keep my name out'cha mouth [Verse Two: Lil Scrappy] I'm the prince shorty don't get it twisted Been callin shots simpin 'fore my flows existed And still find birds in my momma kitchen You might see me burnin purple in the subdivision I got soldiers on deck, babyface pimpin Whatchu' know 'bout dat, I get a bad Brenda with that vert' top back, my jeans feelin tight cause my pockets stay fat, playa better know that My neck got so much shit, danglin Big dick, big chain, we just keep on hangin Got a Hollywood ho, and a broad that be sangin They be hatin cause I'm famous {?} what I was thankin And this for every don nigga thankin he passed me Y'all just thank that you gone and the shit'll be nasty I'ma stay ballin, ballin off my old school classic Lil Scrap got big bank, now see if you can match it [Verse Three: P$C] Shorty I'm down with the kings, so call me the greatest Number one hustler, I keep the street blazin If the grapes don't sell, I dry 'em up and sell raisins While y'all cherry pickin hustlers out here slavin That king shit nigga runs deep in my veins Pump through my heart, live in my bone marrow mayne That's pimpin! My gas is premium like octane Cain't tell me nuttin 'bout stackin these Benja-maynes I'm the king of the Dirty, see me seated in the throne Overruled other dudes like Caesar did in Rome With a prince that's so demandin and an aura so strong The South ain't been represented like this in so long I'm an emperor, you best be glad I'm workin on my temper Otherwise I'd cock a pistol, send some missiles to your temple Disrespect us I'ma blick 'em 'til I get you plain and simple Brass knuckles to your dentals blast suckers in they dimples [T.I.] I'm a king The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The P$C f/ T.I. Album: 25 to Life Song: Set it Out Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook with ad-libs] I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho I'll tell you what to do I'll tell you what to do [AK] She got ho tendencies Plus she fucked the whole P$C Gon' set it out pimpin' Come on nigga keep it G She got it from her momma Oh yes she's a nasty freak Plus she like 'em you like Boomerang's Lasy Eloise And ya girl swallows till her voice goes hoarse She had all kinds of dick tangled up her spinal cord The laws of physics couldn't explain how her legs behind her head While she givin' head hangin' off the edge of the bed Thought she had a milkshake when her bang pop out her head Pussy fat like Bone Crusher plus the ho ain't "Never Scared" She licked all the dogs balls scratched all the pussycats So she goes both ways, yeah she's a brainiac Knowin' this information how can you be cuffin' that and lovin' that Already they heard another one they hittin' that and gettin' that I know you want the ho she like clothes, very trendy But you need to set her out and stop being stingy [Hook] If you got you a ho, I'll tell you what to do Gon' set the ho out, I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho, I'll tell you what to do Gon' set the ho out, I'll tell you what to do If you got you a ho, I'll tell you what to do Gon' set the ho out, I'll tell you what to do Don't cuff her, set her out Don't cuff her, set her ou If you got you a ho, I'll tell you what to do [Mac Boney] I'm ol' school Boney, they call me Frank the Tank The footlong polish sausage boy, streakin' on that drank I'm the one that get them panties off when they say ya can't I don't feed a ho shit nothin' but dick and candy paint I love it when they say they saints, bitch you must be from New Orleans I'm from the ATL shawty that's what I said she out her jeans Freaky, freaky wild things constitute for wettest dreams A white mask and black cape tryin' to make these bitches scream She nasty as a Luke record, mouth is a cum drain She goin' up and down on that jeezy do that damn thang She don't want a damn thing she do it on the face And she do it all day cause she really love the taste It's a waste if you tryin' to keep that action to yo damn self We'll tag team me and shawty share the same belt It don't really matter if you dig her or you dis her man Do your boy a favor when you out don't kiss her man [Hook] [T.I.] Any real pimp'll know The kind of chick I'm lookin' fo' Actresses in movies and the models in the video Call me Deuce Bigalow, cold blooded gigolo Give the ho the rod then tell her let my nigga go Pussy pumper number one'lll hit the club and pick a ho Let her hit the dro then swing her by the liquor sto' Feed her ho snacks, everything you get you get to go We ain't on no date what you eatin' drinkin' sittin' fo' Walkin' through the hotel me and five and six or mo' Any ho'll tell you he a balla he trickin' though P$C around it's goin down you better get ya ho Have her gettin' loose tongue kissin' on the patio Well known groupie let her momma and her daddy know First she yellin' give it to me then she yellin' daddy no Man I feed her Oreos, you take your freak to Pappadeaux's Me and C and Kuntry we be flip floppin' swappin' hoes [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ T.I. Album: Ashes to Ashes Song: 9 Piece Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Maybach Music} [Rick Ross - Intro] UH!...UH!.. As I look around, we the only niggaz with that A1 Perico UH~! [Chorus: Rick Ross] I'm smokin dope, I'm on my cell phone I'm sellin dope, straight off the iPhone He wanna quote, he talkin nine zones He bought fo', I front him five mo' Nine piece, straight eight balls MJG, bitch I got +8-Balls+ Nine piece, straight eight balls MJG, bitch I got +8-Balls+ [Rick Ross] Suave House, still independant Distribution Mexican, he still sendin No contract, take my word send a hundred packs bitch, them my birds (Uhhhhhh!!) Shoe box, no shoes in 'em in the two seater, me and two women (RO-SAY!) No Def Jam, went solo (solo!) Took the custy's prices so low [T.I.] Ay, it's the King Young Gunna, hotter than a suana  in the summer, nigga think I'm playin 'round if you wanna Bring the thunder and the lightning like a sightin if you try me on that Warren Buffet shit, that monkey shit behind me (Haaaa~!) You want me, square nigga, you know where to find me Don't call me on my cell, you tryna send a pimp to jail? If you buyin twenty-five ,you can get it for the twelve Uncut, rocked up, got tan, and pale, yeah! Hey, let me send a lil' message to my enemies Ya nigga get to tellin, have 'em buried 'fore they sentence me Come to ATL, hit any trap t-they remember me Billionnaire swag witta dope boy's energy Chea.. [Rick Ross] Soft white, I got that G-mix! I'm goin gold, crumbs to the bricks (Uh!) I'm on the road, let's buy some NEW whips Trick a hundred hoes, spend a few chips (RO-SAY!) Nine piece, straight eight balls.. Bitch I'm blowin up like napalm (Whoo!) Gotcha bottom bitch goin A.W.O.L. Niggaz lookin at cha like you fell off NO SIR -- NOT ME! (NOT ME!) I'm double platinum just like my Ferrari Bullet proof, nigga Teflon Why you snortin that? That shit stepped on [T.I. - Outro] Bow! Bow! You know what it is, nigga! Haa! Bankhead's own, nigga K-I-N-G period, you understand that? P$C, Grand Hustle, homeboy Yea, yea, yea, yea {Maybach Music} Yanahmsayin?  We ridin my muh'fuckin Maybach front seat, back seat Nigga, don't matter nigga, knahmsayin Partition or not Yeah, where you think that came from, nigga? HAA!! Yeah, ay nigga try us if you want to HAA!! You can try us if you want to I got that white and you can buy it if you want to YEA...Hey! Ros', what's haapnin' my nigga? Maybach Music, Grand Hustle, homie! C-Roy, cap'n, what it is, nigga? Yea, yea, yea, yea Yea... ay man I got, nigga got them muh'fuckin pounds of kush in that goddamn 65, nigga what's haapnin'? HAAA!! AND 'cause I need the money just 'cause I love to hustle, nigga YEA! YEA! YEA! Err'thang understood don't need to be discussed Nigga, call my muh'fuckin phone with that bullshit if you want to, partna HUH! And like that... Hey bitch, we gone Money to count bitch, we gone Yea...DOPE BOYS NIGGUH~!! {*song fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Erykah Badu, Jadakiss, T.I. Album: Teflon Don Song: Maybach Music III Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League" [T.I.] My garage is flawless, under a hundred thou' ain't allowed Maybach triple white like I'm riding in a cloud No denim on my seats, baby you gon' need a towel Ride sexy through the city, see me you will be aroused My bankroll so well endowed, pull bitches from M-I-A to A-T-L in style And in crowds catch me in town, on the strip in Vegas chilling, filling bitches' faces with babies Bitch bite your tongue, this just ain't a Mercedes Tell the A.T.F. I'm riding with another .380 That's my car cost, y'all thought I would fall off That was just a small loss, we can have a ball off Fly to N.Y., meet me at the Waldorf- Astorian, architecture Victorian Riding in the past like you're driving a DeLorean Hard times, never heard of those in the 'Bach My feet kicked up, get my dick sucked with the curtains closed And for the record kid, my final question is how your bitch gon' feel in that when you two pull up next to this? Hahahahah, Maybach Music nigga! [Chorus: Erykah Badu] Everybody knows how the story goes Money and clothes, they gon' come and go But guess who stays the same? You gon' see the name Stroll real slow, with the curtains drawn [Jadakiss] Yo, piff that I'm blowing on is fucking up the ozone Plus I keep a dope line similar to Cold Stone's Ice cream, pipe dreams is what they have when I pull up in that light thing I put a hurting on, I got the curtains drawn Whoever ain't getting shitted on, I'm squirting on I'm in the six-deuce, fifty-sevens for the health Chopper in the trunk, .45 for the belt Bunch of wax dummies, all you guys gonna melt Live for your kids, die for yourself Bottles in the sky if you ride for the wealth Peas on the block, pies on the shelf If I ain't in the back of the 'Bach, I ain't in nothing else Haha, I'm something else [Chorus: Erykah Badu] Everybody knows how the story goes Money and clothes, they gon' come and go But guess who stays the same? You gon' see the name Stroll real slow... [Rick Ross] Uh, cigar please I came alive like a moth in the summer time Japanese wheel blades all samurai Shine brighter than them bitches on the other side Time to make a blind motherfucker recognize Ammunition got the competition nonexistent Had to bubble crack but didn't have a pot to piss it I'll double that, how dare you try to knock a nigga? Street scholar, graduated no father figure Still tote chrome, check my chromosomes Meet me halfway with things and a mobile home Money machines, yeah they RING like a mobile phone I'm a seven-up, I need a coca-cola loan I'm in the hood like I'm James Evans Cashmere hand-made sweater Me and money got a vendetta Looking back, to tell the truth I could've did betta Parents never had a good job Now it's Black American Express cards, uh "Maybach Music" Rozay! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ T.I., T-Pain Album: I'm a Flirt (Single] Song: I'm a Flirt (Remix] Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [R. Kelly] I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a flirt [Chorus - R. Kelly] Soon as I see her walk up in the club, I'm a flirt Winking eyes at me when I roll up on them dubs, I'm a flirt Sometimes when I'm with my chick on the low, I'm a flirt And when she's with her man looking at me damn right, I'm a flirt So homie don't bring your girl to meet me cuz, I'm a flirt And baby don't bring your girlfriend to eat cuz, I'm a flirt Please believe it, unless your game is tight and you trust her Then don't bring her around me because, I'm a flirt [Verse 1 - R. Kelly] Now swear to tell the truth and the whole truth When it comes to hoes I be pimping like I supposed to Rolling like I supposed to, shining like I supposed to In the club fucking with honeys like I supposed to I don't understand when a nigga bring his girlfriend to the club Freaking all on the floor with his girlfriend in the club And wonder why all these playas trying to holler at her Just soon as she go to the bathroom, nigga I'm gon' holler at her A dog on the prowl when I'm walking through the mall If I could man I would probably fuck with all of y'all Yeah, yeah homie you say she your girlfriend But when I step up to her I'ma be like cousin Believe me man this is how them playas do it in the Chi And plus we got them playerette flirters in the Chi Now the moral of this story is cuff your bitch Cuz hey, I'm black, handsome, I sing plus I'm rich And I'm a flirt [T.I. talking] Hey homie if you ain't got no money You better keep her away from me ya dig [Verse 2 - T.I.] Well if ya love ya girl and wanna keep ya girl Don't be walkin' up and askin' me to meet ya girl Because I'm well enough a flirt when I speak to ya girl She winked her eyes on the sly, I seen cha girl Better treat girl right cuz another man will Better eat eat ya girl like another man will Cuz you leave ya wife and I see ya wife Now be for real, how long ya think that's fixin' to be ya wife Well I'm livin' the life, you just gettin' it right Ya old lady look at me cuz you ain't hittin' it right She probably used to like you cuz you the business type That's till I came along and put some dick in her life Wanna see how that ass lookin' thick in the light I noticed she was checkin' me and diggin' the ice And if I get that tonight bet I hit that twice I can even make her mine if I hit that right You know, smack that thang, sit that right Up on that dress, see yeah that's right Pullin' on her hair like we gettin' in a fight Yeah, I know it's kind of tight but it'll sweat just right So if ya girl sexy and she test me Don't be upset G cuz you might catch me Tryin' to catch a glance up her skirt, put my plan in reverse If I see her and I like her then I'm a flirt [Verse 3 - T-Pain] When I, when I, when I When I pull up to club all the shorties be like, damn twenty-eights Then I be like girl you know just who I am, don't hate See I done fell in love with a stripper y'all All I do is flirt with her and I get them draws And I don't need no help, I got it down pact Teddy Pain was born to flirt now you can't down that Now I'ma flirt with her whether I'm in or out of town That's why they call me Teddy Bend-Er-Ass Down I be like como se llamo, lil' mama me llamo Pain What is your name I'm feeling your vibe and I'm hoping you feel the same I'ma wink my eye and let you know I got the game When I pass by I know exactly what you say He's so fly, yes he's so cool Hey shorty, hey shorty what it do He mad cuz I'm looking but I already fucked her I got these niggaz mad cuz I'm a flirt [Chorus - R. Kelly] [Verse 4 - R. Kelly] Oh, it's the remix Now if you walk in up in the club with a bad chick And if she lookin' at me then I'm gon' hit Man jackin' for chicks, I tried to quit it But I'm a playa homie so I had to hit it While you buying her drinks in the club Acting like you in love Stunting like you all thug We was switching numbers She looking at you and I walk by You turn your head, she wink her eye I can't help it if she checking for a platinum type of guy She be calling my daddy and I be calling her mommy She be calling you Kelly, when your name is Tommy I don't know what y'all be thinking when you bring 'em around me Let me remind you that I am the king of R&B Do you know what that means That means if you love your chick don't bring her to the V.I.P. Cuz I might leave with your chick Just keeping it real my nigga, it's a playa's field my nigga Don't take no bitch to the club when you just met her my nigga Cuz I'ma flirt with her, right He gon' flirt with her, right And if she lickin' that good shit She gon' flirt with her I'm a flirt [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Lil Wayne, T.I., UTP Album: Made Song: Big Dogg Status (Remix) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Scarface] Ho! It's young 'Face, slanging yay everyday Heavyweight, got a bad bitch in every state On the grind non-stop till I touch this cake Mark ass niggas stay the fuck up out my way I'm a true OG, you can quote what I say I'm an H-town nigga from around the way Southside, Ridin' Dirty like I'm UGK Asshole by nature like my name was Trae And I don't gangbang, I patrol the game And what I'm representing here is putting holes in brains Before I say the same thing I'll be old and grey 'Fore I fall off and rap about my clothes and chains Gripping grain and popping trunks, dog but that ain't me These elbows hit the scene back in eighty-three I stay street, when it's done, that's that You could find me in your hood pumping monster crack I roll over rodents in Rovers with rims on 'em Sniffing out a rat I expose him and then dome him A lot of nigga's bitches, they claim that they OGs A straight up pussy and claims that he knows me You see I, putting out these DVDs Now my shit done hit the streets, he gots to squat the pee Got the Feds on his team so they watching me Mousetrap for a rat, pussy watch and see [Hook - Scarface] + {UTP} I've been straight {for a long time} Getting cake {for a long time} E&J {for a long time} Nigga {try to get like this!} I've been a G {for a long time} In the street {for a long time} Toting heat {for a long time} Nigga {try to get like this!} {I got big dog status} *8X* [T.I.] Hey I'm they fave They say fresher to bump bapes, but I ain't scared It's my pleasure to tell it right, don't think I ain't said Cause they got prices on my head homie, I don't slip Clips long as giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip Just open up and let it rip, ain't nothing new to a G Hey I ain't worried about these niggas till they shooting at me My partner died, daughter too, give excuses to me Still a buster ass rapper I'm refusing to be Scarface seem to say I'm the king, you a fool if you think There's another young new rapper dude out there cooler than me (Haha) I choose in the V, brand new with the beat I live a real life like I say I do in the beat Yo, true indeed, I do indeed Do it for the OG's and the true MC's Them busters say this year I got brand new and it's all phat Cut that fighting in the club, I'm done with all that Nigga ass out of line, well his ass getting wet Give a west side nigga ten stacks, that's that Oh, or maybe less as a matter of fact Nigga be testing the professor, what's the matter with cats? [Hook] [Lil Wayne] I've been doing this shit, nigga who are you? Lil nigga, I done seen keys bigger than you Lil nigga, you ain't know shit Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick How the game go? Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Money over bitches and flowers over snitches Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistols into yard fish Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistols into yard fish Yeah! [Scarface] I came here to exercise my game Spread love to the hood is how I do my thang Smoking weed with my homies, barbeque them wangs Sip Hennesey and coke cause I don't fuck with drank Don't pop pills either cause that shit ain't cool We just drunk a mad Dom 'fore we went to school Flick off, back then I was smashing boys Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed Same rules right now, I demand respect And if I slapped one hoe, then her man was next I'm a kick door robber, a hot-shot driver A crack rock slanging motherfucker for a dollar If you dare to be laid, then off in the Lincoln But if it ain't no way, then believe I'm finna take it Cause a nigga with no hustle, it ain't worth this G And a bitch like this is even worse than that I've been good at bullshitting but this game can cost And if a nigga can't maintain, mayne he lost He a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard And as a nigga, I come in here with my balls and my word [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Scott f/ 2 Chainz, T.I. Album: Owl Pharaoh Song: Upper Echelon Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Chorus 2X: Travi$ Scott] Pull out the zip (zip), pull out the roll (roll up) We so high, upper echelon (straight up) We so fuckin' high, upper echelon (DAMN) [Travi$ Scott] Dozin' off them Xannies, just popped a bandie Wave rock like Atlantic, froze like Atlantic Party at the Sphinx, damn that's so outlandish (straight up) She gon' make it clap, clap, throw them bands (dope) Walkin' through the Waldorf they know my name here (La Flame) Dropped out, got signed, got mom house all in the same year (straight up) Don't you come around me, ain't got the time, b NAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWW... (straight up) Watch me do the Randy, touchdown (bricks) Knew how much I get, think La Flame the golden child (La Flame) Ridin' right behind her, pull up beside her (SKRRT) We poppin' champagne, damn you apple cider [Chorus] - 1X [T.I.] Aight Travis, let get it - HUSTLE GANG, NIGGA~! You niggas a mess, I swear you best show some respect or else I guarantee you'll get wet (sho'nuff?) You fuckin' with us, I suggest you invest in a vest (ay) - a choppa no less than a tech You niggas want trouble in that I'm the best, they just wanna talk, I ain't finna do that (what?) I just might pull up wherever you at, put my foot in your ass and a hole in your hat (BLAAAT!) Ok, hol' up, let me freezer (okay), these niggas must have caught amnesia (say what?) My face caught in these streets cuh (ay), all credit, no Visa (leh'go) Excuse me shawty don't get me started (what), if yo shit sick, my shit retarded (okay) Motherfucker can't see the tree but before I get wrong get shot then leave 'em in the forest Boom, wait til the end of the Earth, just to get my check, interfere, get hurt Hey, first thing first, this what I do: I'm a king motherfucker who the hell are you? Check suckas off top, I bet I do, Hustle Gang in it bitch, you better lay down fool We creme de la creme fuck them fuck niggas, top shelf upper echelon can't fuck with us (ay) [Chorus] - 1X [2 Chainz] (2 CHAINZ!) Uh, pull up in the rari, my ho beside me (ERRRT) It's a two seater, your bitch can't ride, ho I'm sorry (damn) Let's get it jumpin', call it center court (ugh) On the loud, you can smell that scent on me in court (tell 'em) Just beat the case, call it Larry Holmes On the plane with your bitch and a carry on I do it for my city, then I fly away I can see tomorrow, I'm so high today I told 'em let's pray, I keep killin' verses (bap-bap) Yo bitch with me, she wearin' killer purses Pull out that seven (yea), MAC eleven (bap) Pastor, reverend (hol' up) - Versace heaven [Chorus] - 1X [Travi$ Scott] La Flame, straight up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//sheklou/aftertax/kiss_ext.shk.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//sheklou/aftertax/kiss_ext.shk.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sizzla f/ Bone Crusher, Killer Mike, T.I. Album: Solid as a Rock (Remix) 12" Song: Solid as a Rock (Never Scared Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Sizzla] Oh ah oh ah yay! Oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh, yeah ay yeah ay! [Verse 1: Sizzla] + (Scratch sample from Bone Crusher) They can't keep a good man down always keep a smile when they want me to frown Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds, they will never ever take my crown Who Jah bless I say no man curse Things gettin better when they thought it would be worst Here comes the officers askin for a search They found no weapon just only a draw first Cause I'm so solid as a rock they just can't stop me now (I ain't never scared) Even when they set their traps they just can't stop me now (I ain't never scared) People will say this and that they just can't stop me now (I ain't never scared) Even when they set up road blocks they just can't stop me now (I ain't never scared) [Chorus: Bone Crusher] So I'm outside of da club and you think I'm a puuuuuuuunk So I go to my loaded tech 9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk I told that muthafucka I ain't never scared (eastside!) I ain't never scared (westside!) I ain't never scared (southside!) I ain't never scared (northside!) I ain't never scared (southside!) I ain't never scared (eastside!) I ain't never scared (westside!) [Verse 2: Bone Crusher] Let a choppa go PLOOOOOOWWW! to yo melon Now the plasma is oozin outta yo cerebellum AttenCHUNNNNN! Fuck nigga, now you swellin' You ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch! Got'em runnin scared of a... BIGGA NIGGA! Cuz I put the heat to his ummm... HILFIGER! Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank My pistols gettin' thirsty now it needs anotha drank [Verse 3: Killer Mike] I got a hot 4 fever, call it bitch Benita Knock the apple off any bum or the hollow heat seaker Redcross bitch niggaz, fuck the pint, she take blood by the liter I'll never leave her, my viscous vixen On liquor, send dat ass to God quicker No matter yo religion, you Muslim, Hebrew or Christian She indiscriminate with punishment, she send'em missin' My gun's my favorite bitch and And she got permanent PMS so she stay bitchin! [Verse 4: T.I] Noooooo, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play with If you'on like me when you see me, betta not say shit I'll choke yo ass out like Dre did that bitch You betta tell these pussies they ain't fuckin wit no rookie I'm a Bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookiez! So don't make it a me or you situation I'll have yo partner down at I.C.U. visitation Like, hope for the best, but I'on think he gon make it Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement I'll tell you wha, if you make it, call'em grace cuz he amazin Find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazin and Just when you thought that I was done I was savin the Best for last, nigga kiss my ass Like Della Reese, they my folkz, itz best you just let'em be Cuz I do the shit precincts and them FED's just ain't never see nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Bun B, T.I. Album: Already Platinum Song: 3 Kings Typed by: atx_hardhitter03@yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Lil Jon voice sample throughout] "Oh!-Oh!-Oh!-Kaaaayyyyyy" [Slim Thug] Slim Thugga! Bun B, T.I.P. baby! Boss Hogg, Dirty South! [Chorus 2X: Slim Thug] When I hit the club all the girls show me love Buying out the the bar, got drank by the jug In the V.I.P. with the chicks and the drugs This is T-I-P, Bun B and Slim Thug [Slim Thug] I got drank by the pint, dro by the pound Headed to the club and Tha Boss top down Slim Thug bout the grind, represent H-Town If you love me you gon smile, if you hate me you gon frown Cause me and my Boss Hoggs bout to ball till we fall this year I won't stall, Slim Thugga want it all Going solo! first CD out that's not slow mo' Here's another hit thanks to dranking the do-do Fa sho though, we got the club shut down Tryna pick which chick I'm a cut now Got a fetish for thick girls that's caramel brown On a hunt and up, guess what I just found Come in VIP with me boo, while we post up We blowin purple stuff, we pouring purple stuff We glowing from wrist up, you can tell that we rich It's Slim Thugga, T-I-P and Bun B bitch! [T.I.] 22's on a brand new coupe wit no roof Hundred fifty doller tennis shoes, no suits We some ballers pimp, you oughta be followin our suits No ad-libbing nigga just do like I do Don't get it confused, cause dude I'm not you If you ain't heard the news I'm known as the truth That's why I'm at the bar buying all this Grey Goose Passing it to them broads, cause mayne is they loose That's why nigga Slim Thug, they man what they do Say the black one a slut, but the red would cut too Give em numbers to the suites and tell em to fall through And tell that nigga E.S.G. and Paul Wall too (ohh!) I know Bun B had been fun wit them freaks (yeah!- yeaaaaah!) Do it like a G for Screw and Pimp c From the A but I got all of Houston with me At the superbowl pulling groups of hoes six deep nigga! [Bun B] We going hard in the paint like Carmello (Carmello) This is for the boys who sip purple and sip yellow (yellow) Shorty shake ya jelly like J.Lo, she curvy like a jello Damn baby put me up before I even said hello Is it the car? is it the ice? is it the grill? (is it the grill) Cause I'm a star that paid the price to keep it trill (keep it trill) She at the bar, she lookin nice, she on da pill And she got two more wit her ready, so tell me how you feel (hold up) See pimpin ain't made, nigga pimpin ain't raised Nigga pimpin is born, pimpin since its early days These niggaz get to trippin playa pimpin ain't lazy And if ya miss Pimp C throw up ya dueces and ya tres (mayne) We thought of many ways and perfected the grind (grind) Making million dollas moves, six figga checks we can sign (signed) Slim Thugga you up next to shine, and I can't even lie Wit me and T-I-P man you done wrecked 'em this time foo! (time foo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The-Dream f/ T.I. Album: Love King Song: Make Up Bag Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, okay Yuh.. yuh.. uh-huh.. okay [Intro: The-Dream] Oh yeah, oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Hey (the king) you know that Radio Killaaaaaaaaaaaa There ain't nuttin illerrrrrrrrrrrr Oh yeah, oh yeah [The-Dream] She mad than a muh'fucker (she mad than a muh'fucker) And shawty bad than a muh'fucker (shawty bad than a muh'fucker) It's 2 in the mornin (it's 2 in the mornin) I been out all night Patrón'in (all night Patrón'in) She's sayin, "Sorry won't get it (sorry won't get it) So sorry can't hit it" (so sorry can't hit it) And she don't wanna hear me, h-hear me Don't wanna be near me, n-near me And she's in the right Cause I got makeup all on my collar Chanel #5, is all on my shirt But I ain't even holler She pressin me out with nothin but her panties on I'ma spend all night alone But it's gon' be fine Cause this works every time [Chorus: The-Dream] If you ever make your girlfriend mad Don't let your good girl go bad Drop five stacks on the makeup bag Drop-drop five stacks on the makeup bag (yuh!) Louie, Prada, Hermes, Fendi Valentino; hell, they all make plenty Five stacks on the makeup bag Drop-drop five stacks on the makeup bag [The-Dream] The make up bag {*4X*} Oh yeah! She packin all of my shit, puttin it all on the left (On the left, on the left, on the left, left) Shawty screamin on me, I think a nigga goin deaf (Deaf, goin deaf, deaf) If you could see how she lookin She cain't stand the sight of meeeeee I wanna be on her But she don't wanna be on meeeeee And she's in the right Cause I got makeup all on my collar Chanel #5, is all on my shirt But I ain't even holler I'm up all night, she got me sleepin on the sofa Just when I think that it's over She said, "You don't wanna break up then you know what to do to make up" [The-Dream] The make up bag {*8X*} Oh yeah! Ain't waitin on Cupid, Cupid Nigga I do this, do this Money, power change your mind up in 24 hours I do this, do this Do this, do this {*3X*} Do this [T.I.] Hey, I get home late, shawty mad, I ain't did shit I'm in the club wasted mindin my own business And they was on me, I can't help the broads want me Let's make up before we go to sleep, what it's gon' be? Chanel, YSL, Marc Jacobs, Gucci, Louie V Pick you two or three, and some Harry Winston jewelry Maybe you'll see one day that this ain't nuttin to a G All I do for you, just a part of me doin me See? I don't buy 'em cause you mad at me Swear to God I just wanna see your sexy ass happy So if it put a smile on your face Hit the mall, pick a bag, black card on the way Go! [Outro: The-Dream] The make up bag {*8X*} Oh yeah! Oh yeah, oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Oh-oh-oh-oh-o-o-o-oh yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robin Thicke f/ Pharrell, T.I. Album: Blurred Lines Song: Blurred Lines Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] E'rybody get up (WOO!) E'rybody get up Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey (woo!) [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Turn me up If you can't hear, what I'm tryna say (hey girl, c'mere!) If you can't read, from the same page Maybe I'm goin deaf (hey hey hey) maybe I'm goin blind (hey hey hey) Maybe I'm out of my (hey hey hey) miiiiiind (e'rybody get up) [Interlude: Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Okay now he was close, tried to domesticate ya But you're an animal, baby it's in your nature Just let me liberate ya (hey hey hey) you don't need no papers (hey hey hey) That man is not your maker (hey hey hey) and that's why I'ma take a [Chorus: Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Good girl! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it You're a good girl! Can't let it get past me You're far from plastic, talk about gettin blasted I hate these blurred lines! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it But you're a good girl! The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty, go 'head get at me (e'rybody get up) [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) What do they make dreams for, when you got them jeans on What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey hey hey) you wanna hug me (hey hey hey) What rhymes with hug me? (Hey hey hey) Heyyyyyy (e'rybody get up) [Interlude] + [Chorus] [T.I.] Hustle Gang homie, le'go! Ay say Rob, let me holla at 'em right quick One thing I ask of you Let me be the one you back that ass up to Go, from Malibu to Paris boo Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So, hit me up when you're passin through I'll give you somethin big enough to tear yo' ass in two Swag on 'em even when you dress casual I mean, it's almost unbearable In a, hundred years not dare would I Pull a Pharcyde bitch, you +Pass Me By+ Nothin like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull yo' hair for you So I'm, just watchin, and waitin For you to salute the truly pimpin Not many women can refuse this pimpin I'm a nice guy, but don't get it confused here baby! [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Shake your rump, get down Get up-a... Do it like it hurt, like it hurt What you don't like work? Heyyyyyeahhhhhhey! Baby can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me, Dakota to Decatur No more pretendin (hey hey hey) cause now you're winnin (hey hey hey) Here's our beginnin (hey hey hey) I always wanted a [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Pharrell] E'rybody get up E'rybody get up Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Justin Timberlake f/ T.I. Album: FutureSex / LoveSounds Song: My Love Typed by: proent@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Ain't no other woman that can take us from my... [Verse One: Justin Timberlake] If I wrote you a symphony Just to say how much you mean to me (what would you do?) If I told you, you were beautiful Would you date me on the regular? (tell me would you?) Well baby I've been around the world But I ain't seen myself in other girls (like you) This ring here represents my heart But there's just one thing I need from you (saying I do) (uh yeah) Because... I can see us holding hands Walkin' on the beach, our toes in the sand I can see us on the country side Sittin' on the grass layin' side by side You can be my baby Wanna make you my lady girl you amaze me Ain't gotta do nothin crazy See all I want you to do is by my love (So don't give away) My love (So don't give away) My love (So don't give away) My love Ain't no other woman that can take your spot my love (So don't give away) My love (So don't give away) My love (So don't give away) Aint no other woman that can take your spot my Love Love My Love My Love [Verse Two: Justin Timberlake] Now if I wrote you a love note And made you smile with every word I wrote (what would you do?) Would that make you want to change your scene And wanna be the one on my team? (tell me would you do?) See what's the point in waitin' anymore? 'Cause girl I never been more sure (that baby it's you) This ring here represents my heart And everything you been watin for (just say it, I do) Because... [Verse Three: T.I.] Aight It's time to get it J.T., ay I don't know what you hesitatin for man Ay Ay Ay Shorty, cool as a fan On the new once again (ay) But he still has fan from Peru to Japan Ay, listen baby, I don't wanna ruin your plan (nah) If you got a man, try to lose him if you can Cause the girl's real wild, throw they hands up high (oh, ay) When they wanna come kick it wit a stand up guy (check it) You don't really wanna let the chance go by (ay) 'Cause you ain't been seen wit a man so fly Baby France so fly, I can go fly Private, cause I handle mine B.I. They me candle guy (why) Simply 'cause I am on fire (haha) I'd hate to have to cancel my vacation so you can't deny I'm patient, but I ain't gonna try (nah) You don't come, I ain't gonna die Hold up, what you mean, you can't go, why? (what?) Me and you boyfriend, we ain't no tie (uh uh) You say you wanna kick it, when I ain't so high (man) Well, baby, it's ovious I ain't yo guy I ain't goin lie, I feel your space But forget your face, I swear I will Same park, same bullet anywhere I chill Just bring wit me a pair, I will (c'mon) [Chorus] (*with slight variation) Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon, T.I. Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: It Ain't Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: T-Pain] Yeahhh! Yeahhhh [Intro: T.I.] Ayy, it's for all my cats man Have you ever been in the club and have a chick run up on you and kinda tell you to buy her a drink homey? I mean, it ain't what I can do, it what I will do~! And attitude is everythang, y'knahmsayin? I mean, a chick who ask for nothin'll get everythang The chick who ask for everythang'll get nothin Pain, why don't you talk to these motherfuckin broke bitches for a minute Would you? [T-Pain] You may want a man with some consideration (consideration) determination (determination) A lil' conversation (how you doin baby?) And you might want a man who just ain't straight up nasty (straight up nasty) from Tallahassee (yes I hate five-oh) You're far too classy (far too classy) So you might want a man who's got a job (job) car (car) clothes (clothes) jewelry (jewelry) Girl that just ain't foolin me to you (no) to you (no) Think that I'm that easy shorty, it can't go that breezy shorty Find another dude cause it ain't me [Chorus: T-Pain] Put you in the Range, buy you expensive thangs It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me No way, no how, uh-uh It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me Ice out all your fingers, take you out and make you famous It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me No way, no how, uh-uh It ain't me, babe, it ain't me, no, it ain't me [Akon] I know you thought you had a sugar daddy Plan to treat me like a herb Take my money cause I'm attractive then kick me off to the curb Kind in fancy restaurants Eating expensive hors d'oeuvres How I'm gon' let you get it all like that without the big lip girl that's my word And if you wanna ride, then I just can't let it slide If you plan to get me for all I got You could start by spendin the night Otherwise let me see yo' head get small Less you're here to make the head get tall If not go on get lost cause that ain't me (If not go on get lost cause that ain't me) [T.I.] Hey, shawty look so good, so she think I should throw dough to her like it ain't nothin to it Get you whatever you like, I could But all I be givin you tonight is just wood Hood, to my heart I do it Huge and yo' attitude just blew it So rude that yo' mentality's distortin yo' reality Actually the more you speak make me think where I'd rather be I don't care if you hidin me Cause I won't sponsor shoppin sprees It's lots of freaks that I could be showing my generosity to, boo, stop it please I ain't that guy, you ain't that fly Got yo' head up your ass that's why All you ask for is all I deny I do for you what I decide And I can buy all kinds of things Go places, spend all kinds of dough My kindness is no blindness though T-Pain, where you find this hoe? Ha ha, I know what you want me to do Artist: Trey Songz f/ T.I. Album: Chapter V Song: 2 Reasons Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Trey Songz] Tell the DJ turn it up, bet the DJ bring it back Tell him play that shit again, tell him that you like that, like that OH! [T.I.] Trey! I ain't got but two reasons to be here man! All the bottles poppin bottles! Ha Ha! [Trey Songz]: I know it's somebody birthday, right now (Right now) Right now, right now, right now There's somebody gettin drunk too, right now (Right now) Right now, right now, right now [Verse One: Trey Songz] Catch me in the club like I own that bitch (Own that bitch) Shawty dancin like she on that dick (She on that d) Bad bitches never hold back (Never hold back) Send me a picture where your phone at? (OH WHOA OH!) I only came here for two reasons IIIIIIII!!!!! Came for!!! (What-What-What you came for?!) [Chorus: Trey Songz] I only came for the bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks  Bitches and the drinks, for the bitch, came-came for the Bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks Bitches and the drinks (Baby what you came for?!) Baby get your glasssssss up! (Get your glass up) Only came for the bitches and the drinks Baby get your assssss up! (Get your ass up!) That's what I came for [Verse Two: Trey Songz] I see you tryin to handcuff her on the street (Handcuff her on the street) Stop trippin you can't control that freak! (WHOA!!!!) Ain't nobody got a body like herrrrrrsssssss!!!! Ghetto booty plus she came from the 'burbs (OW!) Got a dark skin girl dancin on me (Dancin on me) Two white girls dancin on me (Dancin on me) Bad yellow bone (Bone!) Yeah I'm in my zone  Waitress keep comin back so you know we have to go! (OH WHOA OH!) I only came here for two reasons IIIIIIII!!!!! Came for!!! (What-What-What you came for?!) [Chorus: Trey Songz] (*T.I.) I only came for the bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks  Bitches and the drinks, for the bitch, came-came for the Bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks Bitches and the drinks (Baby what you came for?!) Baby get your glasssssss up! (Get your glass up) Only came for the bitches and the drinks Baby get your assssss up! (*AIGHT TREY!!!) (Get your ass up!) That's what I came for [Verse Three: T.I.] Hey! I hit the club (I hit the club) And buy the bar In V.I.P. just seen my partners and alot of broads And such a G I be their poppin bottles party hard I'm done with today, I'm lookin for tomorrow All I do it turn up ain't no dough it don't concern All this bubble kush I burn up spent some regular it weren't us Turned the corner fish, tailin out the parkin lot Yellin BANKHEAD! WESTSIDE! eight or nine chicks trailin Right behind us been this way since we were minors If It wasn't for the chicks I bet this bitch you wouldn't find us Either way I ain't tryin the same thang  When I came through the door I hear you go, tear the bar, get the drinks yo!  [Chorus: Trey Songz] I only came for the bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks  Bitches and the drinks (You need to know what I came for) Bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks Bitches and the drinks (You need to know what I came for) Baby get your glasssssss up! (Get your glass up) Only came for the bitches and the drinks Baby get your assssss up! (Get your ass up!) That's what I came for [Bridge: Trey Songz] Hey girl you heard what I said get your ass up (Get your ass up) You hot, you cold, you Florida, Alaska Chicago, Virginia, NEW YORK CITY!!! Houston, where the girls all thick L.A. The Bay, tell your girl 'bout this The A!!! Matter fact, tell the whole G.A.  Oooh you know they fine up and down the Carolinas Shout to every ten I see when I'm down in Tennessee (OH WHOA OH!) IIIIIIII!!!!! Came for!!! (What-What-What you came for?!) [Outro: Trey Songz] I only came for the bitches and the drinks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Daddy f/ Kase 1, T.I., Young Jeezy Album: Thug Matrimony: Married to the Streets Song: Fuckin' Around Typed by: Llow803@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Y'all niggaz keep fuckin around Fuckin around, fuck around get stuck in the ground I ain't no bustas, y'all niggaz better stop fuckin wit me [Kase 1] I hit the clown in the dirt Jump on the top wit a drop that nigga down in the dirt The first nigga quick to get it first Call the paramedic's cause the police be stealing from the hearse I aim it at ya hat when I burst If I don't get a Grammy I'm headed at the rat niggaz first And I'm back full of perk strap on the curb Slap that bitch on the third Nigga done caught wit a slur Can't see shit but a blur Crank up that Chevy let her purr We all from the curve Bitch niggaz runnin up nerve I ain't gon' let you die And I tag a man Said you runnin from the hood and I'm Pakistan Bitch I'm a motherfuckin jacka man And understand when the motherfuckin crack is staying [Trick Daddy] Y'all motherfuckers better run cause we got bombs Plus we got guns that take off arms Got a 4.4 that shoot the door and got buck loads of that 84 And like John Doe, hit ya city start killing every nigga who ain't feelin this rhyme And ain't feelin this vibe To many niggaz goose necking my ride But o.k. My A.K. fully Y'all niggaz watch how you step to me And y'all young niggaz back the fuck up And don't make me act the fuck up Cuz it a another war I'll kill every motherfucker that y'all know That's yo ma, pa, sister n law Yo daddy, yo dog and yo hoe Now I ain't claim to be a saint And no gotdamn serial killer I just wanna know my nigga what made you disrespect a nigga What you thought I was buster, sucker, a rapper or actor Nigga rat to the cracker yep they'll protect ya but one day fuck nigga I'm gon catch ya [Young Jeezy] Been got my B's got my cheese Fuck nigga you don't play wit G' Cock back aim and squeeze Now ya ass on the ground wit the trees My ole boy didn't raise no snitch My ole girl didn't raise no bitch You outta line I'll kill you bitch Now put that shit on my chick Man I pull bout 26 bitches Gotta perk shit 26 inches On the concrete nigga Gotta lace on the concrete nigga At least when I rap a lot Break down o's in the trap a lot Fuck nigga I got crip for days Slip n Slide wit dem boys from Dade 305 to the 404, G shit we'll take ya hoe Look dog we'll take ya bricks Fuck you nigga I hope it's worth it Spray ya ass like a job from perfect Gay man suck a dick A-T-L, Dade County and Trick [T.I.] Y'all suck ass niggaz keep playin wit me Fuck around see me wit A.K. in the streets Start bussin makin motherfuckers lay in the streets All cause of what a nigga say on the beat Look I'ma G that's sayin the least From trappin to sprayin the heat to wearin the key Instead of all that attention you were payin to me You should have been mindin ya business and keepin it pimpin But I know most niggaz ain't built like that Just know old niggaz get killed like that You don't wanna fuck around wit Tip like that Look Flip when the body bag zip that's that Niggaz wanna talk shit and cock deuce Wit this fully automatic Mack 10s start shootin So you can run hide and tell lies if you want to But when I fuck around and run up on you what you gon' do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trinidad James f/ 2 Chainz, T.I. & Young Jeezy Album: All Gold Everything (Remix) (S) Song: All Gold Everything (Remix) Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Trinidad James] + (T.I.) Yeah, you already know man It's your boy, T. James Ain't doing a verse on my shit, I already killed it Let the legends holla at ya, Tip (Yeah, I'm talking true A-town trap shit, ya understand that?) (It the motherfuckin' king homeboy, hey Trinidad, dig this homes; ay, c'mon) [T.I.] Big bank, all I do is get bank (okay) Niggas hatin' on me but they bitch ain't So conceited, I don't think my shit stank (uh-uh) 400,000 dollars on a Mulsanne (leh'go) Come and kick it with a west side nigga Think I ain't about that action, wanna bet my nigga? All day thumbing through the check my nigga (hey) Boy you're broke, you can't even be a threat my nigga When you're talking to me say it with your chest little nigga I pull up on your set and make a mess little nigga Okay, I got a kilo of gold 36 O's Wrapped around the neck of a dope boy Gold yacht, that's the presi' diamond in those And just paid cash for a Rolls Royce (hey) A true trap nigga, I done sold everything +Trouble Man+, Hustle Gang, all gold everything Hahahaha... I said +Trouble Man+, Hustle Gang, all gold everything [Young Jeezy] (JEEZY! Leh'go)  Bought a gold bottle now we on the Dom (on the Dom) Big faced Rollie take up half my arm (DAAAMN) Porsche 911 with the Gabby top (Gabby top) All gold scale, that's my magic box Got the soft (soft), my nigga (my nigga) Give me thirty minutes, I'll be right with ya Got the hard (hard), my nigga (my nigga) Let me whip this here I'll get it right to ya Goddamn (goddamn), I'm turnt up (turnt up) I think the knob just broke and I don't give a fuck Goddamn (goddamn), I'm fucked up (fucked up) The streets dry as hell, this work high as fuck (let's go) She want white, boy, dudes take it easy man (easy man) Shit I'd pay less for a pair of Yeezy's man (Yeezy's man) All I wanna know if I'mma bounce with her  Talking me to death like I'm a counselor She popped a Molly I'm guessing (WOO) But if she throwing the pussy I'm catching (WOO) .223 with a silencer Gonna rock that shit with the flyest fur (haha) All gold like Montana (Tony) Hoes all in my phantom (Rollies) Young done killed the gold remix A nigga don't like it, goddamn him (Young) [Chorus: Trinidad James] Gold all in my chain (chain), gold all in my ring (ring) Gold all in my watch (watch), don't believe me, just watch - nigga nigga nigga Don't believe me, just watch (watch), don't believe me, just watch - nigga nigga nigga Don't believe me, just watch (watch), don't believe me, just watch (watch) Gold all in my chain (chain), gold all in my ring (ring) Gold all in my watch (watch), don't believe me just watch (watch) [2 Chainz] 2 CHAINZ~! Ibn all on my head (head), snakeskin all in my hat (hat) Hit your girl with my chains on so that's gold all on her back (tell em) Gold all on my watch (watch), so big it's like a clock (yeah) Some people wear fox fur, on the Source cover I wore a fox (damn) This for all the DJ's that got this on REPLAY.. I sell a brick on eBay, then I celebrate, several bitches in every state I'm in Miami with Wayne trying to skate, my family straight Ayo, ho 'bout to hyperventilate, I owe her one, we did a 68 I say hoes, my nigga, them ain't red bottoms, her bottom brown I'm smoking strong, my nigga, I'm on loud, not Bobby Brown That's souf side up in here, I spell "souf" with a F F stand for fuck y'all if you ain't fucking with my set (Tru) Fuck with me and I'm bustin' (bow), fuck with me and I'm bustin' (bow) Every time you see me think about what it would be if I ain't do nothing Damn right, I'm stuntin' (stuntin') damn right, I'm stylin' (stylin') Just got a girl chauffeur and we on a motorcycle and she driving (ERRRT) This Versace, that Versace, this Versace, too I got killers watchin', niggas watchin', bitches watchin' me too (goddamn) See I'm on lean, on loud, and I got my own lane You need to mind your own business, it's 2 Chainz and Trinidad {James} [Chorus] - minus last two lines [Outro: Trinidad James] A'int shit changed, I still don't fuck with fuck niggas And if you a fuck nigga I'm talking 'bout you Your bitch said she popped a molly, she sweating WOOOOOOO..... A-Town bitch~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Liffy Stokes, T.I. Album: Kamikaze Song: Like a 24 Typed by: Pyrodaflamingrab@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Make dat ass roll like a 24 (24) Lemme see you make dat ass roll like a 24 (24) Shawty make dat ass roll like some 24's (24) Lemme see you make dat ass roll like a 24 (24) I can make my ass roll like a 24 (24) [repeat] I can make my ass roll like some 24's (24s) I can make my ass roll like a 24 (24) Now drop it (now drop it) to the floor Spin it like some stop and go Drop it (drop it) to the floor Spin it like some stop and go Roll like a 24 Lemme see you make dat ass roll like a 24 Now I could tell from back in the days when we was shawtys in the hood Dat you was gone grow up to be thick as hell and lookin good Now you 21 and them thighs ain't no crunk Lookin fine as hell like a penny junk up in the trunk Make a nigga get (get) what you want Put dat ass on dubs Feel it when you get the party crunk Feel it when you twirk it in the club Feel it when you get down on the floor Love when you get down on the low Feel I wanna jack dat ass wanna bump and get that ho get the hoe Baby I jus got some 24's and I love to watch em spin (spin) So let me see you make dat ass roll like my rims Spinnin like omega jones Pop dat booty fo my squad Work dat booty tho it hard roll it like a ? You already know hoes down pimps up When pimpin step up in the house put ya bitch up I got a remi bottle instead of a pimp cup It shine like a summer day when my wrist up She wanna wave now cuz my nigga Twista Dissed her then bounced wit her sista I tell her keep her head down and her hips up You can keep dat pussy imma tear dem pretty lips up Let dat ass roll like 24's on a big truck And ya g-string let it bounce when da beat bang Make it drop like dem cars in a g-thang Pull up ya skirt and work it like da hook keep sangin Come on shorty make dat ass pop Drop it like a rag top Shake it likes its bongo Stir it up like credit rock I got a pocket full of tens and dubs I'm up in the club drunk as fuck stuck Lookin for love They lookin for dust And I got dem in gods we trust A lil game a lil fame I'll have em pilin in the church bus Puffin da juan dro straight up to the condo Open the bus doors head up to the 12th floor Its bout to crack now layin on my back now She shook one cheek at a time den dropped it back down I'm goin through a game I never knew they name All I know is when she got low a nigga lost it man You got my thang on swole back dat ass up Girl you got my thang on swole now make dat ass drop You got my thang on swole make dat ass bounce Girl you got my thang on swole now make dat ass prompt Break somethin shake somethin work somethin twirk somethin [repeat] Break it shake it work it twirk it [repeat4] Shawty lemme see you make the left side move (side move) Now let me see you make the right side move (side move) Now let me see you make both sides move (sides move) Now baby bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ T.I. Album: Underground Kingz Song: Hit the Block (Bonus Track) Typed by: _Nickolye16@aol.com_ (mailto:Nickolye16@aol.com)  [Chorus One - MJG sample] Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block G-Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block G-Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block [Bun B - over Chorus One] Get it, let's get it Get that money mayne, get that money mayne Let's get that money mayne, c'mon [Chorus Two - MJG sample] Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Get that cheese, get that dough, get that cheese, get that dough [Bun B - over Chorus Two] Let's go, yeah, let's go What? What? [Chorus Two] [Bun B - over Chorus Two] Let's get it, yeah Let's get it, what? What? [Bun B] Well it's the first of the month my nigga so you know what it is (is) Let's get down to the block and get that handlin this biz Call the dealers and killers, cut-throated thugs are gorillas (what?) Got my haters to feel us and recognize who the trillest (huh) I got my mind on my paper (paper) it's time for collectin ('lectin) My issue you neglectin, seem to me you disrespectin Boy don't play with my pape's cause I'ma gon' spray where you stay Pull out that K in a day and get done away like you fake Straight out P-A short Texas, servin trees on the West (West) A money-makin machine, nigga I do it best With the cream and the cash, by any means I'ma mash So go get my green out the stash, walk with that beam in ya ass Cause I gotta [Chorus Two] [Pimp C] Uhh, I got a 'Llac with a stash spot Spot, for that plastic heater in the glass knot Get the cheese, whip the blow, hit the sneeze, hit the dro She on her knees in the low, I make 'em get down on the flo' Flo', you niggaz say you want a better price Price, you got it but it ain't gon' hook right Drop seven on lock tight, fuck wit it the whole night Try to hit and she hid the Sprite, got you mad like Tina and Ike Ike, my product always cover up good Good, nigga I can put that on my neighborhood Hold Arthur right on the water, white powder and hella snorter Nigga wanna buy eight I brought 'em slowly off and then I ate in the squadda Uhh, now nigga look at how the time change Change, check out the Jordans on this wide frame Whippin out and grippin gram, new truck or candy slant Makin young girls drop it I, hit the slab bitch hit the block [Chorus Two] [T.I. - over Chorus Two] Let me get these niggaz for you Pimp! Let me handle this shit for you Bun, I got you! You know it's a team, UGK alumni Ain't nuttin! [T.I.] I got a, fresh connect a Betty bubble up out the pirate Ask yourself, cheap in Texas if you can drive past Besides that, nigga current or make five cents It's seven eight or nine, seventh time a month supply that By fifty thousand, no more browsin, bitch I'm buyin that I'm ridin 'Llac with three old Benzes right behind that Fifth comin down we be flexin, fives and sixes in GTS's Chrome tips with VVS's, neck and chest in VVS's Oh yes it's, the mob better get your mind right Ay Tip ain't goin home, that don't even sound right You niggaz actin like a broad, I don't wanna fight Nah I ain't gon' squab but I will have a gun fight We finna hit the streets with the glock, with the G's in the block Trappin on like a traffic stop, then sooner or later I have a knot Got money from Bankhead to Groverland, fuck your head back to Simpson Road Down South fakers known for gettin paper  then some of the hill niggaz still know, for sho' they know [Chorus Two] [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ T.I. Album: Raymond v. Raymond Song: Guilty Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Usher - talking] He said "you swear to tell the truth The whole truth and nothin but the truth?" I said "yeah man (yeah man ...), yeah Right hand high (high), never tell a lie" (lie ...) [Verse 1 - Usher] Y-Y-Your Honor, I didn't know that I hurt her I didn't know she was cryin I didn't know that it was killin me slow And-And your honor, she can't say I ain't love her Can't say I ain't try But I guess my love wasn't good enough [Chorus - Usher] I guess I'm guilty for wantin to be up in the club (hey!) I guess I'm guilty 'cause girls always wanna show me love (hey!) I guess I'm guilty for livin and havin a little fun Well I'm guilty, for that girl I'm guilty [Break - Usher] Don't take me to jail Don't take me to jail (ohhh) Don't take me to jail (I ain't did nothin to her, gave everything to her) (For that), don't take me to jail Ohhh, don't take me to jail (take me) Don't take me to jail (I ain't done a crime, why you make me do the time?) Oh! (oh yeah) [Verse 2 - Usher] Your Honor, she accused me of cheatin It was all in her thinkin She gon' believe what she want to (want to) So what the hell am I gon' do? (gon' do) Turn my life around, it ain't goin down She knew about the life that I live, why she cryin now? This shit is so silly to me but I won't plead that [Break - Usher] Don't take me to jail (ohhh) Don't take me to jail (take me) Don't take me to jail (How I'm supposed to get along with her goin through my phone? In her mind she decided I did it) Don't take me to jail (don't take me) Don't take me to jail (don't take me) Don't take me to jail (Don't wanna cop a plea I swear it wasn't me, it don't matter 'cause to her I'm guilty) Oh yeah (oh, oh!) [T.I. - talking over the Chorus] Yeah, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, let's go [Verse 3 - T.I.] Right hand to the sky, strike me down if I lie If she sayin she the victim in this case, well what am I? If I hurt her I ain't try to, the club I may decide to Ride through, she got proof? Well I got alibis too A couple million dollar worth of bags and full of shoes Seven carrot solitaire, Caribbean, water blue Range Rover, Porsche Panamera and the Bentley Coupe All the shit I did for her and this who you gon' listen to? And her life I submit to you as evidence, I never been on bullshit (nah) She ain't caught me on no Tiger Woods shit Knew what I expected when she met me, should have left me then Ballin against the law? Shorty go on and arrest me then [Break - Usher] Don't take me to jail (ohhh) Don't take me to jail (take me) Don't take me to jail If you gon' treat me like a crook, puttin money on my books Never mind, forget it) Don't take me to jail (ooh) Don't take me to jail (take me) Don't take me to jail (Tired of your little games, fuck it I'll take the blame I did it, guilty) (Woo, ye-yeah, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//kan_west/late_ref/drive_ti.wst.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//kan_west/late_ref/drive_ti.wst.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ T.I. Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Slow Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Ten nine eight seven six five four three two one We cry for peace (uh-huh) but we live for war (You know I got that chopper in the Chevy, what it is?) We ain't start the wiretaps, down in Baltimore (But I'm still slangin bricks where I live) Sometimes she love me, sometimes she love me not (Doin ten, now my girl turnin tricks at the crib) Bullet take out those eyes, when they in the city Chi' (Lay it down ASAP or e'rybody gettin killed) Evil lurks, in the heavenly disguise (Tryin to get the root of all evil, 'bout a mill') I seen two birds, crash into two New York giants (Bush still lyin, he don't never keep it real) I wish Katrina spoke French at the Quarter to New Orleans (Haha, what you'da told her daddy?) I woulda spoke French back, seduced her stoned (okay) Told her "Je t'aime!", please don't rain on my people~! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Where'd the hope go? Where'd the hope go (I don't know) I seen the whole world turn into a war zone (what?) Ain't no love in the city keep your vest on (that right) Guns 'n Roses, "Welcome to the Jungle" On the flip side (ay) she shakin her back side (shake it for me) That's the only way tuition gon' come right He got a crush on Mary Jean (ay, ay) Unless you got five on she ain't doin her thang (Come on, you know you need to) Slow dowwwwwww-owww-owww-owwwwwn, young girl Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash (Come on, you know you need to) Slow dowwwwwww-owww-owww-owwwwwn, young girl Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon (Ay ay, you know we used to) (You know we used to, ay ay ay ay ay) Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash (okay) [Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) If you livin in the street, you know you livin free (And if you ain't you doin time like me) Thugs with the heat, are the coldest ones to meet (And you can catch yourself a case and get a five) We flyin high, but still can't touch the sky (But on conspiracy you doin ten at the least) Everbody's a gangster, but nobody wanna die (With all this snitchin you might never see the streets) Nuclear testin, replacin the SAT's (With all this goin on, why they worried 'bout me?) Stem cell research, there's another you, another me (I'm just hustlin in the streets tryin to flip a couple ki's) What goes up must come down, the laws of gravity (I know I seen it happen to my partner Big Neesh) (We miss you shorty!) To win at chess You've got to trap the king [T.I.] + (Wyclef Jean) E'rybody know we gon keep rollin when the police rollin And your coke dealer told 'em what you doin Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, slow down, ay You wanna show 'em that the dope keep comin But these sheep keep runnin they mouth They'll have you stuntin jacker comin Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, e'rytime homeboy Slow down, start snitchin, ay, ay, homebwoi Hey I remember get money, all we did was get money 'Til the feds raided the trap and they took my (thang) from me Put me in a room alone, separated the click from me Next thing you my lawyer said (my partner snitched on me) Now ain't that a bitch homey? (They ain't had a thing) on us Until you started tellin, now they talkin big numbers We coulda split charges up, missed five or six summers Instead you tryin to talk, tellin so you can walk How could you tell 'em who we sold told to? E'rything we bought? How we used to get in all the way 'til we can ship it off? (Who woulda thought?) Hey, hey keep it pimpin, wait a minute (Whoahhhh!) Hey, hey hey keep it pimpin, wait a minute, ay [Wyclef Jean] I'ma let my guitar do the talkin now, okay? {*guitar plays to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Lil Jon, Slaughterhouse, T.I. Album: Hard White (Up in the Club) 12" Song: Hard White (Up in the Club) (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Guess, who's, back, home? G shit certified, nigga can't touch him Bosses all love him, haters, well, fuck them Bought cribs everywhere, everythang custom Lunn{?} bun done, bougie bitches like "What's them?" Solitaire clear stones, Maybach clear dome Blowin on that loud pack, bankroll's full grown Well-known convict, go on with the dumb shit Thug Life wit it like it tatted on my stomach Nigga better pick another number because I am not the one The bigger picture's what's important before all is said and done I bet I get this shit back up under my feet, bullshit aside what I want I keep I'm the big bad wolf and I want my sheep, yo' birthday cake I want my piece I'm beefin with MC's at the meet, it seems they're less than decent I'm a beast and you're my feast, apologies you just can keep it Say you're winning, guess you're being condescending and facetious G's from sea to shinin sea, you may bump this in your Caprices Bow! [Yelawolf] Yeah Tip I once had a friend named Charlie and Charlie was always late to school (school) He had a black eye one day but he wouldn't say just what happened to him (to him) Charlie got mad in class one day and stood up with a .22 pistol Told everybody that he couldn't take it anymore, he was over bein the victim See, one bullet through the wall and the history class was interrupted Charlie fell down in a pool of blood in the class that made it public They said that the bullies in school they drove him to be a suicidal Cause the mirrors didn't reflect the criteria of an American idol Well, sometimes I feel like I could run through the hallways with an AK too Not sayin that I would but it might feel good to off me a rapper or two So, I loaded this pen with a hollow tip and I followed Tip to the hollow pits of my heart, the shit for you to role model with Take a fifth of Jack and swallow it, take a point shell and hollow it Don't be the one with the gun, be the one with the rum, plus two models with all the kids, listen up, Yelawolf don't give a fuck about a club I don't wanna see you in school tryin to do what I do tellin folks you gon' +Pop the Trunk+ Make somethin of somethin or somethin from nothin, baby wake up Play "Radioactive" let me see the reaction, see if I really give a fuck Shady~! [Chorus: Lil Jon + Yelawolf] UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB - still don't give a fuck! [Crooked I] Uh, 9-millimeter, ride with a heater, drive with a liter, I'm finna need a mic and a speaker I'm finna be the prominent leader, confidence eater, tell competition "Hasta la vista" (ow!) Dawg, you puttin my name in the middle of sucker shit is somethin like you gettin raped by a stranger cause you do not know who you're fuckin with Crooked is a product of the S-L-A-,U-G-H-,T-E-R You "ha ha" funny, I had money when the DVD was a VCR Niggaz about to need CPR when they see the car, kill 'em, dead Might pull over, fuck my chauffeur, cause I screw-drivers, Phillips head Then I'ma tell her to take me to Yela, gettin fucked up I ain't feelin embarrassed The feelin in the air is the 2.0's party like niggaz and wiggaz in Paris [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel-Nine a rider rhymin at the drama, the driver firin a llama Got a bunch of fly bitches sayin hi to me now cause a nigga said hi to Rihanna Cause I look good (cause I look good) and I smell good (smell good) IT'S A MAN'S WORLD! That's right, I'm the new James Brown drunk in an interview; fuck you finna do? (Nothin) What I'm finna do is go to the strip club and order eight bricks (what you on?) I'm on my T.I.P. in A-T-L lookin for a little pretty young thing I can escape with (Where we goin baby?) "Radioactive," Shady gon' make it go platinum, I couldn't resist to jump on that Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf, Lil Jon, "Hard White" remix! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Lil Jon let me get a little bit, I mean a minute, nothin crazy, it's just I'm a lyricist and I've been sittin with this ridiculous venomous bite and I'm sssso ready to strike, I swing and I miss! My dick swing and you miss, I got a missile, can't call it I might misdial I'm in orbit listenin to Em's last album guzzlin gin, +Recoverin+ alcoholic! Everything lookin alright, welcome to the lyricist's pub, who wanna bar fight? In a bar so hot that you're dealin with four dope muh'fuckers and, two hard whites! Deuces-period-crop circle, that's the +Family+ that +Matters+, I'm not Urkel but I'm smooth as Stefan when I move to snuff on your eyeball, your shit'll look dark purple! I'm a product of the PJ's, still walk through that motherfucker in my PJ's Yeah I'm in J.P. Morgan often but don't think I can get chased out the PJ's So try me punk, bet your body jump when the shotty pump, turn your body slump Yelawolf let me rip this "Hard White" but, please, don't, make, me, +Pop the Trunk+ [Joe Budden] Uhh, I - roll that window down and start dumpin, pull up on whatever blocks that y'all on Pills got a nigga walkin 'round doin stupid shit, my definition of an Oxy-moron They ain't never stop me from gettin a bad one, I would tell niggaz again but they heard the story Furthermore he got a couple I ain't bust but it's no need to rush, they reserved it for me See I'm all about fam, I don't fuck with the rest, goons that'll squeeze 'til a couple is left The squad's a façade, it's all smoke and mirrors yellin payback, too broke to cover the debt But I'm grown, adults, and weather that shit you say you don't reciprocate love and respect You get plugged, and you're gon' need doctors to cover your holes as if they dubbin over cassettes You probably didn't hear me, stand on the couch get froggy and breakin any bottle that's near me So real I don't need a hollow to prepare me, I'm the first one in the hood to catch a body usin Siri Cause they be thinkin that I seem crazy, money-motivated, cream make me way out your league, go and dream maybe, T.I., Team Shady The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Buck f/ Jazze Pha, T.I., Young Jeezy Album: Buck the World Song: 4 Kings Typed by: numeros_uno1@hotmail.com [Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen.. [Hook - Young Buck] I got my pistol in my pants, rocks in my drawers Holla "WOOPT, WOOPT" homie if you see them laws I got my pistol in my pants, rocks in my drawers Holla "WOOPT, WOOPT" homie if you see them laws [Chorus: Young Buck] I was standin' on the corner slangin' 'caine (tryna make it do what it do) Just another young nigga havin' thangs man (I gotta get, I, I gotta get it get it) I was standin' on the corner slangin' 'caine (tryna make it do what it do) Just another young nigga havin' thangs man (I gotta get, I, I gotta get it get it) [Verse 1 - Young Buck] I'm in the Porche, no passenger Feelin' like a filthy rich drug trafficer See didn't nobody give me shit, I got my ass on that inter-state Made sure momma had food on that dinner plate You not a boss if you ain't never took a loss Some birds never landed, but 'least I didn't got caught We don't even use scails, niggaz break off a brick Whatever over is yours, homie just take it and get They gave big Paul life, but I ain't thinkin' 'bout stoppin' 'Cause soon he try to quit, that's when the feds came got him Ain't nothin' in my name, and 50 cleaned up mine I'm still paranoid though from what I left behind Gotta put me some gloves on, they fuckin' wit Buck now Tryna slow me down, got me pissin' in cups now Three Kings on a mission, see we got it for cheap You put us together, nigga the streets finna eat YEAHH [Verse 2 - T.I.] Hey Remember standin' in the trap wit 5 or 6 over-vision and a pirat That nigga who oderderd that quarter ki ain't even came by yet Blew a whole O of dro, and I ain't even high yet Spent 4 G's or mo', and I ain't even fly yet Viper truck, Bentley grill, big wheel pimpin' They done gave her 20 mil, well big deal pimpin' Think we fakin' when we spittin', better get real pimpin' 'Cause we still will kill, you just better chill pimpin' Get it how he used to live, and keep on fakin' for the women In life we all make decisions even when faced with collisions Like me at 13, out in no supervision Straight thug livin', bumpin' pot drug-dealin' Seen daily on the block, need Yay we on the block Keep the hatin' to yourself, 'cause that AK be on the block Dougy C be in the V, me and KT, we in the drop Went from standin' on the block wit rock, to standin' on the top [Verse 3 - Young Jeezy] Let's go 1 for the bread, and 2 for the blow Miss the 17 fire, ya damn right it's gon' snow Told y'all I was gon' blow, kinky B said so Or not, back to chargin' 600 for an O Ain't nothin' to a G, shit I been here before (True) LA hoop nigga, all you gotta do is score I turn the brick into a label, nigga I'm a boss Brush my teeth in the morning, I ain't even gotta floss (Haha) Sold two million records, and half a million O's (Damn) Add it all up, it's 'bout a billion rocks You can't be serious, you niggaz ain't fo' real Just my ears alone, iss like a quarter a mil' (That's right) Hit ya by the tech, and blow half the budget (Yup) I do it for the streets and mutha fuckers love it Just copped the new Bent, you know ya boy pay cash Now that's Thug Motivation for your mutha fuckin' ass Wassup [Hook - Young Buck] I got my pistol in my pants, rocks in my drawers Holla "WOOPT, WOOPT" homie if you see them laws I got my pistol in my pants, rocks in my drawers Holla "WOOPT, WOOPT" homie if you see them laws The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Buck f/ Ludacris, T.I. Album: Stomp (12" Version) * Song: Stomp Typed by: Jp2o@aol.com * on the album version, T.I.'s verse was removed [Young Buck talking] Uh-ooooh Young Buck, T.I., Ludacris, DIRTY SOUTH, YEEEAH I hear em talking but he bout to get that ass stomped Watch I get the club crunk I'mma make em stomp We ain't playin wanna front get that ass stomped Do it like them dirty south boys do and stomp Now where you from who the boss I'mma break em off Where you from who the boss let me break em off Where you from who the boss I'mma break em off Where you from who the boss let me break em off [Young Buck] I'm cadillac'n through the hood sittin on 24's TV's playin, rims spinnin - blowin plenty dro Don't have to mention when you pimpin you get plenty hoes It's all on you if you gon trick or you gon get ya dough I know I got these haters mad - I can love that When you got love for the streets they give you love back Look in my eyes you can tell I ain't never scared Poppin them thangs I'm rockin my chain anywhere If you gon represent ya hood what you waitin on? Security better back up when they play this song And we bout 50 strong, please don't make us do you wrong My clique is guerillas - they got they G-Unit's on All of that mean muggin really don't mean nuthin Come on and take it outside let me see somethin Wh-wh-wh-what now don't get b-b-b-bucked down Stop all that hatin or this club gon get ya shut down Now where you from who the boss I'mma break em off Where you from who the boss let me break em off [T.I] Ay 100 carats on my chest I'm so true to this Task force got my vest I got a new one bitch Feds hate and talk shit but I'm too legit A million dollars at a time - till I'm super rich Pimp squad, g-unit - fuck who you get Ask ya nieces and ya nephews who tha shit Real niggas see the difference 'tween you and this Me getting beat down that's +ludacris+ My name run from the streets of Spain in my cad deville Nigga all you gettin' is Rodney Dangerfield Know respect I'mma vet you could bet that Caught some cases but that's just a minor setback And if I have to do some time I be right back Wit some bi's and some tri's and a six-pack We hit the do' watch all the pussy niggas get back They know we could do it like tha row but you ain't wit that You know who make the track bump like the king of crunk These choppers hit you bitches, wish you got ya ass stomped [Ludacris] YEEEAAHH Muthafucker I'm a monster in this game - similar to the loch ness My rhymes are nappy rooted, some verses gotta process The truth in this booth, ain't no doubts when I'm rappin If I say it I've either done it or it's bout to happen When I pull up in the Louis truck on 26's people dumb out If life's a crap game I'm Rollin 7's on the come out These rappers think I'm ig'nant, love sayin my name Cause maintainin my fish tank and they house cost the same Ask me I say I made it and it sho wadn't luck But cause hustlers relate to me and some are younger than buck You see I'm married to my music but we got a pre-nup So if that bitch don't act right I'm still gettin my cut My deals never get screwed - my contracts practice abstinence A master in this program - hazing these undergraduates So pimpin be easy, quit catchin feelings Cause you worth a couple hundred grand and I'm worth millions Nobody thinkin bout you, plus your beef ain't legit SO PLEASE STAY OFF THE T.I.P. OF MY DICK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Dro f/ T.I. Album: Best Thang Smokin' Song: My Girl Typed by: Dymedoutmisse_armonii@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [T.I.] O,O,O,O,O Ha... yeah... Aye Young Dro you know these niggaz hate that shit tho {My girl got a girlfriend} these niggaz can't barely get one bitch man they see me with 3 or 4 man {who the fuck this nigga think he is} they wanna kill theyself man{is that my bitch with his bitch} Pimp Squad Click man they don't say that shit for nothing man my girl got a girlfriend see 'em in a pearl benz passin' by ya sittin' higher flya then what yurrs is my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then my girl got a girlfriend that make you wanna we be ballin you be callin why you over there then my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then [T.I.] I'm so fly A few of my lady friends Is super bi~Sexuals and usually high might even give you a try you ain't in the no you never know whether they do or not they ain't gay they just like to play a little screw or not especially when they bad as ever rarely got them booty shots see up in Body Tap on the stage they strippin now make it rain smackin' bitches asses till they booty drop I train bitch to show all you lame bitches you ain't hot fake niggaz aint with her bitch got shit you ain't got like better watches better brawds and all the you cars you ain't coped exclusive S Classics standin' tall in the parking lot saw her pull out with seven freaks is that what you so salty 'bout? my girl got a girlfriend see 'em in a pearl benz passin' by ya sittin' higher flya then what yurrs is my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then my girl got a girlfriend that make you wanna we be ballin you be callin why you over there then my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then [Young Dro] Y'all niggaz Salty Hessian hoes want me yesaday I was the freshes nigga in the country bad hoes hunt me they follow me on Sunday the rape me on Monday and they blow the cush in front of me Tuesday I have them eatin pussy rightin front of me Wensday we ? broke that nigga after that we bought a Hummer G Thursday we took it home Friday we get some mo got a grand get some blow buy the daum liquor store drink untill we drunk then in the morning then we hit the jewelry store yellow fits yellow wrists yellow chicks yelow cris bitch you gotta yield you don't see this daum yellow whip yellow gun yellow clip fruity gat shoot it back crome band bitch niggaz what you doing with that take 'em back make 'em pop a bunch of pills make a bitch eat it tryin to show that hoe how fun it is my girl got a girlfriend see 'em in a pearl benz passin' by ya sittin' higher flya then what yurrs is my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then my girl got a girlfriend that make you wanna we be ballin you be callin why you over there then my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then [T.I.] you might see her on motor skates broke ass nigga 'pose to hate who the fuck she think she is all a nigga know to say she passin' by 'em blowin hey leanin' on a shoulder blade 'Shoulder Leanin' as Dro would say she blowin on it all day superfreaks and bueaty queens she like to see them do they thang as soon as they get to the seen they shinin as hard as you done seen the badest bitches you ever seen her earring give off a blueish gleem rollin on a couple things may be down for other things [Young Dro] she might be down for the thing but TIP it might just be my ring and how I got this other bitch she lickin on my dig-o-ling I broke her slow and strocked it slow lick it watch it grow some mo bust a nut bust a nut and watch me fuck that hoe some more she said 'Dro can you go some mo?' fuck yes im the best aint playin around my pimpin on deck lick a bitch low now the bitch all wet ridin throught the city on deep crome sets wrist so fresh she so fresh {my girl got a girlfriend} Man I can deal with that my girl got a girlfriend see 'em in a pearl benz passin' by ya sittin' higher flya then what yurrs is my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then my girl got a girlfriend that make you wanna we be ballin you be callin why you over there then my girl got a girlfriend and we be bringin girls in you don't want my dick up in her keep her 'way from hurr then My girl got a My girl got a My girl My girl got a girl MY girl got a girl My girl got a girl My girl got a grilfriend My girl got a My girl got a girlfriend My girl got a girlfriend my girl got a girlfriend My girl got a girlfriend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Dro f/ T.I. Album: Best Thang Smokin' Song: Shoulder Lean Typed by: res308@aol.com [Chorus: T.I. - 2X] Let me see you bounce right to left and let your shoulder lean let your shoulder lean, just let your shoulder lean Ay, get it right, two step and let your shoulder lean, let your shoulder lean just let your shoulder lean [Verse 1] Dro...I'm clean in this bitch Now I'm finna shoulder lean in this bitch Nigga buck, carbon 15 in this bitch This Grand Hustle team of kings is gettin' rich I lean and get lit, lima bean 6 I take breath, the opposite of Primatene Mist I ride 26 and let my 9 screens flip Dro be watchin' Oprah, Mac, 9 up in a clip Triple black Phantom nigga nah it ain't Tip with Lucky Charms diamonds man but nah it ain't Flip Can't bounce, okay then I let my shoulder lean And I bet my car talk and I bet my motor clean Suicide doors, brown Rover look like pork n beans Everybody know me in the club cuz they smokin' me..Dro Hoes scopin' me, ice come from Boca Raton Hundred carats have 'em froze for an eon Red, black, and white Chevy now I'm ridin' Deion put them lights off in my rims, now I'm ridin' neon Our cars look like cra-yon, hoes know I'm the man though I can shoulder lean...I don't know how to dance thooooo [Verse 2] First I let my wheels spin, then I let my screen fall Then I let my trunk beat at Greenbriar Mall, tall How can I pimp a hoe? Take a bitch to Berlin My bitch break niggaz, after that we fuck they girlfriend My girl got a girlfriend, Chevy blue like whirlwind Nigga it's a drought on that boy, so I got that girl in Pearl Benz, cockin' hammer, Arm & Hammer propaganda Bitches think I'm pimpin' in linen and salamander sandals Dirty South hot cuz Atlanta.. show niggaz with ammo we ride Phantom, holla shawty for grammar Yep, now I be on TV, BET, out the channel Hood nigga from Bankhead, I stay by Grandma Nana I lay by my banana, dumpin' and punkin' monkeys Don't nobody live with my mom but a bunch of junkies Donut Dunkin'? Bitch, I ride glazed on the Haze Gator green Chevy, gator guts, alligator J's [8X] Lean, lean Get ya shoulder shawty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Lil Scrappy, T.I. Album: Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 Song: Bang Typed by: Llow803@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Hit 'em up, peace up, A-town down Hit 'em up, peace up, A-town down Hit 'em up, peace up, A-town down If you ain't from round here dog don't even come around Twist ya fingers up bang motherfucker bang Throw ya hoods up bang motherfucker bang Eastside! (Hit 'em up bang motherfucker bang) Westside! (Hit 'em up, bang motherfucker bang) [Young Jeezy] Do ya thug thang gon' get 'em up Represent ya side nigga hit 'em up Disrespect we gon' take it there We 30 deep lil nigga we ain't fighting fair You better holla at ya partners Before we catch them outside and hit they ass wit dem choppers The .45 make my pants sag Catch me bouncing through the club wit my black flag You don't like it do something nigga Where I'm from if we don't like it we do something nigga And you know we gon' ride homes Stomped a nigga ass out until they turn the lights on [T.I.] Me and Jeezy on the back street Choppers in the back seat What we fin to do the questions yean even gotta ask me Desert in my lap and skullcap and a black tee Looking for the niggaz that say they fin to attack me Turn the music down low and let the 'llac creep Fuck the police I give a damn if they catch me Wait a minute that's that nigga looking at me Let off 50 shots you niggaz ran like a track meet I know my partners would have did the job for a flat fee But seeing dem niggaz bleed is the only thing that's gon' relax me I'm hands on nigga damn what you say All them games that you play don't stand a chance in the A nigga [Lil Scrappy] Roll up on yo block All the bullshit stops Man hoe know that I'm the prince so that ass gon' drop I was born in the A with things in the way Smoke weed everyday Zone 3 where I stay Yeah I think I'm the shit cause I got an SS But the shit a old folk so you can receive the letter I'm the best of the best And the freshest of the fresh Gotta pistol black out wit an Atlanta Hawk vest Gotta lifetime of trouble and my brain still nervous I don't rep the A by mistake I do the shit on purpose Do it how it's worth it rim and the cars swerving It ain't nothing but Lil Scrappy and g's up to start murkining ya Artist: Young Jeezy f/ T.I. Album: Thug Motivation 103: Hustlerz Ambition Song: F.A.M.E. Typed by: Cedmaster3K {J.U.S.T.I.C.E League} [Young Jeezy] Fuck these haters, I'd kill them all if I could Ain't scared of none of y'all, so you know my aim good (YEAH) Blowing bin Laden in my Porsche 911 (11) Just left Ground Zero, on my way to kush heaven (young) Can't slow down, too much evil in my rearview Sometimes you wanna scream to God, but he can't hear you (nah) And even if you did, this'll probably be his answer: "Fuck you 'plaining about? It ain't like you got cancer" (ha-haaaa) Do it for my niggas on the block that got it worse First the love, then the hate, that just a trap nigga's curse (YEAH) I bet you feel like the whole world hating on you But what's the hold up? The whole world waiting on you [Chorus 2X: Young Jeezy] {The fame...} I wake up and feel empty Shit make you want to squeeze your Glock until it's empty I'm already standing on the edge, so don't tempt me Fake motherfuckers envy [Young Jeezy] You mean to tell me from running my big mouth (mouth) That I could chill here in this big penthouse? (YEAH) All elevatored up, black hardwood floors Just to sit around and feel like it ain't yours (Daaamn) Your conscience got you feeling like you done something wrong  But the flatscreen saying motherfucker, we on (ha-haaaa) Pardon me, nigga, do you see this view? See Ruth's Chris from here, what the fuck's wrong with you? (YEAH) Looking at my Rollie, yeah, it's almost 7 Bill Gates state of mind with an automatic weapon (yeeeah) You might remember from putting on for the city Or back when it was on 2, going for the 50 Opened up a few squares, opened up a few tours (tours) Just to show niggas keys open up doors "Oh, we don't fuck with Young no more" Why not? The only thing I can figure, because he on top [T.I.] Whattup world, it's been a long time, huh? Ay look.. Lately, I been often out of sight, seldom out of mind Ay, getcha bidne' right, and stay the hell up out of mine I'm out my mind, tryin' to fix it 'fore I'm out of time Don't worry 'bout me, God got me, bruh, I'm doin' fine Another year in prison, promise this is it for me Tryna make it through the storm, should be makin' history No feelin' sorry for me, keep ya pity and ya sympathy Good or bad, take it like a man, whatever meant for me How I did it make 'em hate my spirit, they wish they could kill it And they'll take it however they can get it Wanna see me fulla misery, walkin' wit' my head down "Let's decapitate him, then we'll see if he can wear his crown" [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ T.I. Album: The Inspiration Song: I Got Money Typed by: young_jeezy32@sbcglobal.net [Intro: Young Jeezy] Yeah! Yeah! (eeeyyyyy!) These niggas ain't talking bout shit! (HAHA!) Cause I got money (I got money nigga)(That's riiiight!!)(HAHA!) Get your motherfucking hands in the air! [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] All I know is, the sky is blue and the coupe is new (chyeah!) And if your money right, then the coke is white (yeeeeaaaahhhh!) The birds fly south every year in the night (ey!) Gotta get it how you live, motherfuck them haters (chyeah!) Get 'em in Get 'em off, like hot potatoes (HAHA!) (Good morning vietnam) Yeah we trying to earn stripes Get jammed up with what it cost you your whole life (DAMN!) So say goodnight to the bad guy (chyeah!) Fresh pair of eighty-seven jeans I'm so fly (HAHA!) My seats is suade, my luggage is louie (true!) And every bitch in the projects wanna do me (ey!) Snowman's the name Hundred grand on the chain What's up! [Chorus: Young Jeezy] My seats is suade, my luggage is louie (ey!) And every bitch in the projects wanna do me Cause I got money (Cause I got money, Cause I got money) (HAHA!) (Yeah!) (I'm telling the truth nigga I got money)(No, I'm serious nigga) Remember when I couldn't afford no clothes (ey!) But nowadays a nigga hit the baddest hoes (yeah!) Cause I got money (Cause I got money, Cause I got money) (HAHA!) (Yeah!) (No, I'm serious nigga I got money) [Verse 2: Young Jeezy] The chevy sitting so high but the rims sit loooowww I got 'em from ballas (chyeah!) CTE that's the label that pays me I own that so I pay myself (HAHA!) Being broke's bad for my health (ey!) Nyquil green (green!), 26 inches (chyeah!) Green bramail pull twenty-six bitches (that's riiiight!) Make a quick stop, serve 9 o's (these are my confessions) I'm a sucker for clothes (HAHA!) That paper stack up, if you let it (chyeah!) But I keep fucking up, I gotta shoe fetish (naw!) Bad habits, I'm at Walter's every week (week!) 50 pair of new nike airs ain't cheap (DAMN!) You know I gotta get the cap to match (match!) New era shit, I A-town at that (A-TOWN!) Throw the bags in the trunk, right back to the trap What's up! [T.I. talking during chorus] Ey! ey! Say Jeezy man lets show these sucker niggas how to fuck up some money right quick man Let me tell you some funny shit that happen to me [Verse 3: T.I.] She seen me in a drop, 4:30 downtown evening Houston (OK!) Caught a flat tire, I had to leave it in Houston And then I ran out of gas in the blue GT (Ey fuck it) The next week I went and cop a new GT So naw ballin' what they call it, they call it living the life And you can't help to spend it pimpin if you getting it right Ey listen, if you was getting what I be getting tonight You too would be high as kite blowing dro on a flight Oh I'm G4'ing it myself, but ey commercial aight Just security be a bitch Can't get in with this (haha!) Bought everything a hundred million will get I'm in a vanguish, tell that bitch 'fore she begin to sit You know that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung La f/ T.I., Young Dro Album: Ain't I 12" Song:  Ain't I (Remix) Typed by: kenido@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Yung La] You got to know your boy futuristic ay My work can make the J's do the jumpman dance You got to know this the remix right here Grand Hustle baby, it's the kings right here You got to know we gwoppy, pockets extra sloppy Don't I love my vegetables extra cheese and broccoli Don't Yung la like to kick it like karate Don't I be with J-Money serving everybody Ain't we up in Magic City throwing up the broccoli Ain't me and Tip taking off like a rocket Ain't my ain't my ain't my ain't my ain't my  money long Ain't I ain't I ain't ain't I still putting on Ain't I x7 Ain't I smoking strong, ain't I putting on, ain't I rocking yays, ain't my money long Ain't I x7 Ain't I'm in that ville, ain't I on the pill, ain't I on the hill, ain't I keep it real [Verse 2 - Young Dro] Ok my rims so big I'm at the tip top ain't I Choppers in the trunk will make you do the maccerena Cool to the flo, yea mother fucker ain't I All black coupe, I can buy it bitch can't I Remix, Yung La and T.I, this a banga Dro be on that thang, you don't hear me trick ain't I Big Rolles Royces, and I got them nauseous We be in Ferrari's, the cars with the horses Ain't I on the pill, riding down hills Iced 30 below minus the wind chill Ain't I packing chrome, ain't I going strong Ain't I, ain't I, ain't I, ain't I got it going on Young Drooooooooo [Verse 3 - T.I.] Ralph Lauren purple label Ain't I fresh as I can be Made it through my situation, ain't I blessed as I can be Ain't I laughing at you haters trying to take a shot at me They don't know which way to go, I'll make it easy, follow me Honestly ain't I insane, that's the way it's gotta be Ain't I so so superfly, boy ain't nobody hot as me Ain't T.I. all on tv when he wake up and go to sleep Everywhere the notice me, and for yourself just go and see My community I'm serving though they hope I don't succeed Hear me speaking, so intrigued, (ain't he snitching) no indeed You come with that common flow, your show I have to commandeer Since I see you cant take over, I'll just have to volunteer Ain't I your superior, listen here bra you not up here I'm so so wanted it ain't funny, twice the G that I appear Rep Bankhead so loud and clear Gon be gone for bout a year So Paper Trail you gotta hear But ain't that Ain't I outta here ayy 