The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Astronomy (8th Light) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Against the canvas of the night Appears a curious celestial phenomena called Black Star, but what is it? [Talib Kweli] Black people unite and let's all get down We got to have what? We got to have that love [Mos Def] What is the Black Star? Is it the cat with the black shades, the black car? Is it shinin from very far, to where you are? It is commonplace and different Intimate and distant Fresher than an infant [Talib Kweli] Black, my family thick, like black strap molasses Star, on the rise, in the eyes of the masses Black is the color of my true love's hair Star's are bright, shining, hot balls of air [Mos Def] Black like my baby girl's stare Black like the veil that the muslimina wear Black like the planet that they fear, why they scared? Black like the slave ship belly that brought us here Black like the cheeks that are roadways for tears that leave black faces well traveled with years Black like assassin crosshairs Blacker than my granddaddy armchair He never really got no time to chill there Cause this life is warfare, warfare [Talib Kweli] Deep on the front lines, and blacks is all there Black like the perception of who, on welfare Black like faces at the bottom of the well I've been there before To bring the light and heat it up like "la cocina" Make without imagine happen but maybe I'm just a dreamer I love rockin tracks like John Coltrane love Naema [M]	Like the student love the teacher [T]	Like the prophet love Khadeja [M]	Like I love my baby features [A]	Like the creator love all creatures [Talib Kweli] Who acknowledge truth and peace seekers We on point like heat seekers Targettin the black marketing strategists Run up on em with the heaters Everybody followin with no leaders Feelin like we killin ourselves because I know they can't defeat us It don't stop til we complete this, keep this fly There's so much to life when you just stay Black and God [Mos Def] Blacker than the nighttime sky of Bed-Stuy in July Blacker than the seed in the blackberry pie Blacker than the middle of my eye Black like feh-lah man cry Some man wan ask "Who am I?" I simply reply, "The U.N.I., V.E.R.S.A.L. Magnetic" Work to respect the angelic, climb the mountaintop and tell it til the valley's enveloped You're full of big chat but you nah know me I'm dark like the side of the moon you don't see when the moon shine newly [M]	You know who else is a Black Star? (Who?) Me [T]	You know who else is a Black Star? (Who?) Me [A]	You know who else is a Black Star, who we? (And we) [A]	be shinin and shinin, when we rhymin and rhymin 	We be shinin and shinin, when we rhymin and rhymin [Mos Def] Now everybody hop on the one, the sounds of the two It's the third eye vision, five side dimension The 8th Light, is gonna shine bright tonight It's the third eye vision, five side dimension [T]	You know the light [M]	Go from the dark [T]	The other way is ass-backwards [M]	It's absurd [T]	Make you wanna crow like a blackbird [M]	That's right [T]	You livin from your first day to your last night [T]	Sometimes you show your ass like [M]	Lint on your clothes [T]	When you froze in  [A]	THE BLACK LIGHT [M]	Dead that [T]	Before you get your head wrapped [M]	Like Badu [T]	We see through your voodoo [T]	Just like Eve's Bayou, you dealin with that black magic [M]	Try to civilize you [T]	Not walk on by you [M]	Like Sybil lies do get you black listed, it'll [T]	Be unlucky for you like a black cat [M]	A panther [T]	Revolution is the answer [M]	That's what we need [T]	Greed plague my people like the cancer [M]	True indeed [Mos Def] Now black people unite, and let's ALL GET DOWN Now everybody hop on the one, the sounds of the two It's the third eye vision, five side dimension The 8th Light, is gonna shine bright tonight Everybody hop on the one, the sounds of the two It's the third eye vision, five side dimension The 8th Light, is gonna shine bright tonight It's the third eye vision, five side dimension Equalin up to eight, light shine bright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star (Mos Def & Talib Kweli) Album: Mos Def & Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Definition Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Lawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwd, lawd have mercy All nice and peace and true, follow me now, we say Say Hi-Tek yes you're ruling hip-hop Say J. Rawls yes you're ruling hip-hop Redefinition say you're ruling hip-hop Say Black Star come to rock it non... Yo, from the first to the last of it, delivery is passionate The whole and not the half of it, vocab and not the math of it Projectile that them blasted with, accurate assassin shit Me and Kweli close like, Bethlehem and Nazareth After this you be pressing rewind on top your master disk Shining like an asterisk for all those that be gatherin Connectin like a roundhouse from the townhouse to the tenaments Cause all my Brooklyn residents, known as heavy regiments Don't believe, here the evidence, where Brooklyn WHAAAAAAAoohhhh See that? Bound to take it all kid, believe that From where they sellin tree at, to where the police be at Talib Kweli e-Kweli-ty yo tell them where we be at  [Talib Kweli] Brooklyn New York City where they paint murals of Biggie In cash we trust cause it's ghetto fabulous, life look pretty what a pity -- blunts is still fifty cents, it's intense Tree scents is dominant can't be covered with incense My presence felt my name is Kweli from the Eternal Reflection People thinkin MC is short hand for Mis Conception Let me meditate, set it straight, came to the conclusion that most of these cats is featherweight, let me demonstrate Walkin the streets is like battlin, be careful with your body You must know karate or think your soul is bulletproof like Sade Stop actin like a bitch already, be a visionary And maybe you can see your name in the column of obituary Third rate teacher readin and talkin about, "I knew he'd amount to nothin" Neighbors like, "He was the quiet type, who'd have thought they was frontin?" Talkin +Loud+ like you in RCA, get carted away with body parts and treys, what a way to start your day Yo it's like Chorus: Mos Def and Talib Kweli One two three Mos Def and Talib Kweli We came to rock it on to the tip-top Best alliance in hip-hop, wyahhhhh I said one two three It's kind of dangerous to be a emcee They shot Tupac and Biggie Too much violence in hip-hop, wyahhhhh [Mos Def] I said Manhattan keep on makin it (Bo!), Brooklyn keep on takin it (Bo!) So relax we're takin it back, Redhook where we're livin at Plenty cats be strugglin not hustlin and bubblin It ain't about production and -- what else we discussin? When the cock crows, my crop grows, enable me to rock flows Strivin for perfection ever since I was a snot-nosed COLOSSAL, true original b-boy apostle Standin on the rooftop with the, Zulu gestapo [Talib Kweli] You think you the shit somebody in the wings'll force you to quit It could be your crew or click or some random kid you smoked buddha with Consider me the entity within the industry without a history of spittin the epitome, of stupidity -- livin my life expressin my liberty, it gotta be done properly My name is in the middle of e-Kweli-ty People follow me and other cats they hear him flow And assume I'm the real one with lyrics like I'm Cyrano [Mos Def] Still sippin wishin well water, imported, from Pluto Three hundred and sixty milliliters for all our believers In miles or kilometers, most cats, cannot proceed us in the jungle with the leaders we the lions you the +cheaters+ A cypher, will complete us if we come through your receivers You can play us and repeat us and then take us home and read us (line for line) Good Jesus, Mos Def and Kweli just make a pussy freeze up, thinkin we will ease up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: RE:DEFinition Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What what what, what what, what what, what what Woaaaahhhhhhh! One two three, Mos Def and Talib Kweli We came to rock it on to the tip-top Best alliance in hip-hop, wayohh I said, one two tree, Black Star shine eternally We came to rock it on to the tip-top And Hi-Tek make the beat drop, wayohh [Talib Kweli] RE:DEFinition, turning your play into a tragedy Exhibit level degree on the mic, passionately Niggaz is sweet so I bet if I bit I'd get a cavity Livin to get high, you ain't flyer than gravity We Die Hard like the battery done in the back of me by the mad MC who think imitation is the highest form of flattery, actually Don't be mad at me, I had to be the one to break it to you You get kicked into obscurity like judo, no Menudo cause you pseudo, tryin to compete with reality like Xerox Towards destruction you spiraling like hairlocks, wipe them teardrops Chasing stars in your eyes, playing games with your lives Now the wives is widows soakin up pillows, weepin like willows Still mo' blacks is dyin, kids ain't livin they tryin "How to Make a Slave" by Willie Lynch is still applyin Regardless, the Mos is one of my closest partners Rockin ever since before Prince was called The Artist Rocker before Funkmaster Flex was rockin Starter When 'Pac and Biggie was still cool before they was martyrs Life or death, if I'm choosin with every breath I'm enhancin Stop, there comes a time when you can't run [Mos Def] What, lyrically handsome, call collect a king's ransom Jams I write soon become the ghetto anthem Way out like Bruce Wayne's mansion, move like a phantom You'll talk about me to your grandsons Cats who claimin they hard be mad fag so I run through em like, flood water through sandbags Competition is mad, what I got, they can't have Sinkin they ship, like Moby Dick, did Ahab Son I'm way past the minimum, it's a verb millenium My rap's hold a gat to your back, like Palestinians Ancient Abyssinia, sure to hold the Gideon Official b-boy gentlemen, long term, never the interim Born inside the winter wind, day after December 10 These simpletons they mentionin the synonym for feminine Sweeter than some cinnamon from Danish rings by Entenmann's Rush up on adrenaline, they get they asses sent to them (Gentlemen) you got a tenement, well then assemble it! Leave your unit tremblin like herds of movin elephant Intelligent embellishment, follow for your element from Flatbush settlement, skin posseses melanin Hotter than tales of crack peddlin, makin em WOOP like blue gelatin, swing like Duke Ellington Broader than Barrington Levy, believe me The hot oppresion rent who burn down your chief teepee You see me? One two three, Mos Def and Talib Kweli We came to rock it on to the tip-top Best alliance in hip-hop, wayohh I said, one two tree, Black Star shine eternally We came to rock it on to the tip-top Because we rulin hip-hop, yes we is rulin hip-hop Talib Kweli is rulin hip-hop Say we Black Star we rule hip-hop-ah-ahh-ah-ahh-ahh Whoahhhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Children's Story Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [Child #1] ...and then Jackie Chan just started kickin em  like POW! POW! POW! [Child #2] Whaaaaa??!  [Mos Def] Alright y'all, alright y'all enough of that it's time to go to bed y'all Time to go to bed -- I don't wanna hear that You know what time it is, you know what time it is [Children] Uncle Mos? [Mos Def] Yeeesss? [Children] Would you read us a bedtime story please? [Mos Def] Okay, okay. Ya'll tucked in? [Children] Yeessss... [Mos Def] Heeeere we go... Once upon a time not long ago  When people wore Adidas and lived life slow When laws were stern and justice stood And people was behavin' like hip-hop was good There lived a little boy who was misled By a little Sha-tan and this is what he said "Me and you kid we gonna make some cash, Jackin' old beats and makin' the dash..." They jacked the beats, money came wit' ease But son, he couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease He jacked another and another, Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder Set some R & B over the track for 'Deep Cover' (187!) The kid got wild startin' actin' erratic He said "Yo, that presidential I got ta have it..." With liquor in his belly son, he made up the track But little did he know that his joints was wack The shiny A & R said "Great new hit G!" "Whenever you need a loop, yo come get me..." The kid got amped and he starts to figure "I'm-a get dough like all-a these otha niggaz!" So, he's in the studio workin' 'round the clock For pop radio, jacked the beat to 'Planet Rock' Was out in the street when he met this sister Who couldn't sing for shhhh but the mix wit' her sister Hooked up the track and in excitation He decided he'd head for the radio station But (But!) he was runnin' and he made a left Was skeezin' at top speed and ran into Mos Def I slowed the young man down and I started: "Yo money, Yo, why you sellin' lies to our wives and children?" He ran upstairs up to the top floor Opened up the door then guess what he saw? (Who?) JANE the chickenhead radio host  Who be yappin' 'bout beef between east and west coast He said "This one's a bullet, you got ta give it run!" The chicken said "Thanks." and spanked it #1 He went outside, was gettin' props all over Then he dipped into his ride, the 4-point Rover Raced up the block doin' 83 Some cats with Hennessey saw him at a R-E-D He winked his eye like his star status mattered They rat-a-tat-tatted to make his blood splatter "You rockin' crazy ice and all you do is cling static And rollin' down to Brooklyn late night is problematic..." His eyes was bloody red, he hung on every word they said They told the kid "Back down, that playa shit is dead." Deep in his heart, he knew he was gone But he grabbed his 45 and decide to blaze on Wit' shades on founded had him astounded an' Before long, the young man got surrounded Those grabbed the guns, so goes the glory And that is the way I got ta end this story He was out chasin' cream and the American dream Tryin' to pretend the ends justify the means This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh It's just what comes to pass when you sell your ass Life is more than what your hands can grasp Good Night! (kids talking) Knock 'em out the box Mos, knock 'em out Mos Knock 'em out the box Mos, knock 'em out Mos (3x) Knock 'em out... A-nother...Mos Def...Black Star MOVEMENT... presentation... CRUUUMBS! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Brown Skin Lady Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Be like yo, let me ask you somethin I wanna know, I wanna know who you are *Mos Def singing* [Mos] 	Brown skin lady, hey hey [Talib]	Yes [Mos]	Where you goin [Talib]	This goes to the brown skin ladies [Mos]	Brown skin lady [Talib]	Yo, indigineous women of the planet Earth [Mos]	What you doin? [Talib]	Givin birth to the brown skin ladies first [Mos]	Brown skin lady [Talib]	For what it's worth, from me to you [Mos]	How do you feel? [Talib]	From me to you, watchin you 	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, yes, I live the way you move [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like the WAY you move [Talib]	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, please, won't you do that dance [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like you baby [together] And everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing Everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing, there she is [Talib] Fresher than Tony Rebel's vegetables at African street festivals Where incredible women is, plentiful Over the years I met a few, none of them compare to you Preparing you to make fruit bearable, somethin terrible, let's see: you fruitful, beautiful, smart, lovable, huggable Doable like art, suitable to be part of my life, Coppertone owe you copyright infringement, pay You been this tan since way back in the day It's like I'm standin there you know appreciatin God's design and then you showed up, it's like you read my mind DAMN SHE'S FINE, I think I add the R-E, in front of that and see if she D, to get, with a cat like me [Talib]	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, yes, I live the way you move [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like the WAY you move [Talib]	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, please, won't you do that dance [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like you baby [together] And everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing Everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing, there she is [Mos Def] Ooooh! Daring me girl, look at you! Comin on the block lookin fresh and brand new Ooooh! Headwrap cover your hairdo Pretty feet peekin through open-toed shoe Ooooh! No limit to what I would do Make love to you like long interview Whooh! Is she for real, me like you Good look champion, win the title True, many man try invite you Shot down lyric each time they cyph you Jewel, what man you get all insides you Feet they walk way and just that sheik posture Ooooh! Can't be a next one like you Famous like tapes made by DJ Clue I tighten up my game as I approach you Yo check her she the nectar the bee get close to ... [Talib] I don't get many compliments, but I am confident Used to have a complex about, gettin too complex You got me, willin to try, looked me in the eye My head is still in the sky, since you walked on by I'm feelin high, got my imagination flickerin like hot flames it's how it seems, you make me wanna ride the Coltrane to A Love Supreme My brown lady, creates environments, for happy brown babies, I know it sounds crazy but your skin's the inspiration for cocoa butter You provoke a brother we should get to know one another I discover when I bring you through my people say TRUE, all I can say is all praise due I thank you God for a beauty like you *Mos Def singing* [Mos] 	Brown skin lady [Talib]	Yes [Mos]	Where you goin [Talib]	This goes to the brown skin ladies [Mos]	Brown skin lady [Talib]	On the planet Earth today, yes [Mos]	What you doin? [Mos]	Brown skin lady [Mos]	How do you feel? [Talib]	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, yes, I live the way you move [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like the WAY you move [Talib]	I like the, I like the, I like the, I like the 	way you walk, yes, please do that dance [Mos]	I like the way you walk, when you walk on by 	I like the way you move, I like you baby [together] And everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing Everybody on the avenue, I know, when they see us sing, there she is [Mos]	There she is, she's a brown skinned lady 	Such a brown skinned lady 	She's a brown skinned lady 	She's a brown skinned lady 	She's a brown skinned lady 	She's a brown skinned lady [Talib] You know what some people put themselves through to look just like you? Dark stocking, high heels, lipstick, alla that You know what? Without makeup you're beautiful Whatcha you need to paint the next face for We're not dealin with the European standard of beauty tonight Turn off the TV and put the magazine away In the mirror tell me what you see See the evidence of divine presence Women of the, Carribean, they got the, golden sun I know women on the continent got it Nigeria, and Ghana, you know they got it Tanzania, Namibia and Mozambique and Bothswana, to let it speak How 'bout Latinas, Colombianas Cubanas, Dominicanas, Tahinians Of course the Brooklyn women walk that walk And the Bronx women walk that walk Honies from Queens walk that walk, NYC, ATL, LA Cincinatti, the Bay Area... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: B Boys Will B Boys Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Yo yo, yo, whassup, yo yo Yo yo, we gonna, we gonna slow it down  so we can speed it up y'all Right now I want everybody come to the front That's right, move forward I want all the poppers and the breakers, to form this circle I want all the poppers and the breakers The writers and the exciters, to get in this circle and make it real live yo Cause I'm seein too many stars up in here tonight yo I'm seein the Rock Steady Crew I'm seein Ken Swift, I'm seein Mr. Wiggles I'm seein Maurizio, I'm seein Crazy Legs Man I'm seein the Zulu Nation up in here I'm seein the Rawkus family, Shabaam Shadeeq, Company Flow Menelik, I'm seein G-ology, Shawn J. Period Man this the Black Star movement Mos Def, Talib Kweli we gon' keep it live for the b boys and b girls universally Rock Steady Japan, Rock Steady Europe Rock Steady New York, yo we just gonna keep it live all over the world -- get live [Talib Kweli] Party people, in the place to be My name is Talib Kweli Yo, I got my man on the side of me Mos Def-initely, and we, are (Fresh) Black Star (Fresh) G Young (Fresh) Hi-Tek (Fresh) Native Tongue (Fresh) Shawn J. (Fresh) Eighty-eight (Fresh) Ninety-eight we bout to motivate, come on y'all [M] 	[T] Here's a little story that must be told 	About two young brothers who was put on hold They tried to stop the goal 	We on a spiritual plane Tried to kill the pride 	And destroy the name We just two bad brothers 	Who will never quit I'm Mos Def 	Kweli (WE THE ULTIMATE) Make sure that you tell 	Everybody you know To get on line 	Take a ride To the Black Star show! 	Black Star Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house y'all 	Black Star Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house y'all 	Black Star Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house y'all 	Black Star Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house Shinin 	Shinin, we in the house y'all Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: K.O.S. (Determination) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] So many emcees focusin on black people extermination We keep it balanced with that knowledge of self, determination It's hot, we be blowin the spots, with conversations C'mon let's smooth it out like Soul Sensation We in the house like Japanese in Japan, or Koreans in Korea Head to Philly and free Mumia with the Kujichagulia TRUE Singin is swingin and writin is fightin, but what they writin got us clashin like titans it's not excitin No question, bein a black man is demandin The fire's in my eyes and the flames need fannin (3X) With that what? (Knowledge Of Self) Determination 	*repeat 4X* [singer] Things I say and do, may not come quite through My words may not convey just what I'm feelin [Talib Kweli] Yes yes come on, yes yes Knowledge Of Self is like life after death With that you never worry about your last breath Death comes, that's how I'm livin, it's the next days The flesh goes underground, the book of life, flip the page Yo they askin me how old, we livin the same age I feel the rage of a million niggaz locked inside a cage At exactly which point do you start to realize That life without knowledge is, death in disguise? That's why, Knowledge Of Self is like life after death Apply it, to your life, let destiny manifest Different day, same confusion, we're gonna take this hip-hop shit and keep it movin, shed a little light Now y'all bloomin like a flower with the power of the evident Voices and drums original instruments In the flesh presently presentin my representation With that what? (Knowledge Of Self) Determination 	*repeat 6X* - - - - these two parts overlap - - - - Things I say and do, may not come quite through My words may not convey just what I'm feelin 	*repeat 2X* [Talib Kweli] The most important time in history is, NOW, the present So count your blessings cause time can't define the essence But you stressin over time and you follow the Roman calendar These people enter Cona like Gattaca, you can bet  they tryin to lock you down like Attica, the African diaspora represents strength in numbers, a giant can't slumber forever I know you gotta get that cheddar whatever Aiyyo I heard you twice the first time money, get it together You must be History, you repeatin yourself out of the pages You keepin yourself depleatin your spiritual wealth That quick cash'll get your ass quick fast in houses of detention Inner-city concentration camps where no one pays attention or mentions the ascension of death, til nothing's left The young, gifted and Black are sprung addicted to crack All my people where y'all at cause, y'all ain't here And your hero's using your mind as a canvas to paint fear With, broad brush strokes and tales of incarceration You get out of jail with that Knowledge of Self determination Stand in ovation, cause you put the Hue in Human Cause and effect, effect everything you do and that's why I got love in the face of hate Hands steady so the lines in the mental illustration is straight The thought you had don't even contemplate Infinite like figure eight there's no escape.. From that what? (Knowledge Of Self) Determination 	*repeat 4X* Things I say and do, may not come quite through My words may not convey just what I'm feelin 	*repeat 2X* .. Things I say and do, may not come quite through My words may not convey just what I'm feelin 	*repeat 2X* What I'm feelin, what I'm feelin, ooooh, what I'm feelin... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Hater Players Typed by: Mrp_3@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yes.. Every day somebody ask me where all the real MC's is at? They underground There's mad talented cats underground with that raw shit Yaknowwhat'msayin? Bringin them raw skills YaknowwhatI'm sayin?  Really, to me.. It's a Small Wonder, like Vicki, why I'm picky These niggas suck like hickies and still get the shit they slip in like Mickies I'm sick of the hater-players, bring on the regulators With the flavors like a farm team fucking with the majors Like a river how I run through it, I do it so cold Freezin up your bodily fluids, your style is old You runnin your mouth, but don't really know what you be talkin about You should retire, get that complimentary watch, be out! Yo, with the quickness, so swift you miss this lyrical fitness Now get this, these emcees wanna test me like litmus, bear witness I'm like shot clocks, interstate cops, and blood clots My point is, your flow can stop! By all means, you need more practice, take that ass home Everybody lookin at you, fish tank syndrome In full effect, I stay catchin lyrical rep And keep it blacker than the back of your neck What you expect, emcees hollerin Cause we developin the followin Gettin played like stone love tapes and dollar vans Order reverse your universe so your demise is first Before your rise it gets worse You need a night nurse like Gregory Beggin me - stop it hurts! - is what you say to me Like that's supposed to mean somethin? You the one I seen frontin in the club Your act I don't buy it, I got the dub Come on everybody, come on just show your love Come on everybody, come on just show your love Come on everybody, come on just show your love Come on everybody, come on just show your love Come on everybody, come on just show your love Chorus: *chanted in background* Wo-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-uh-oh *repeated 4X* [Mos Def] Visions occupy my synaptic space Command and shake, to illustrate my mind's landscape The tall grass, the low plains, the mountanous ridges Thickets among the forests, rivers beneath the bridges Presence of hilltops, lit up with tree tops Eavesdrop; and hear the incline of sunshine, nine Stones in orbit, refuse to forfeit They all form a cipher, and they came to absorb it I follow suit, and face it, embrace it Shinin bright, but still I'm careful not to waste it Destined to rise, because I'm basement adjacent Spirit is still so just chill and be patient Some heads approach like I'm the one to base with Clowns about to scream and shout but don't say shh... I ain't your student so I ain't to be tested I'm majestic, I represent my strength without effort My, method is unorthodox, but of course it rocks My serious synopsis will drop kick, my topics run the gauntlets and galvanize the audience I must represent, I don't come off with no corniness It's all luminary, despite commentary Some people say, Mos how you get so? My sign will make you jump around like calypso And, murmur to yourself like a schizo There ain't no bottom on the ??? Chorus [Talib Kweli] Come on, come on, come on, come on Here we go. Blackstar, hop on the Blackstar line We bout to take y'all home.  YaknowwhatImean? Here we go... We got all markets on lock From meat to stock Black Star, what? Throwin like Kid Rock in bars Men flock to where we are, cause its the place to be I grab my paint, jump on stage and deface emcees We sell our souls like Spawn and come for the throne I sit upon Freestyle or written songs, shit we can get it on! Going back and forth, forth and back, all across the track Passin the mic's like quarterbacks of course its phat, get off of that! Reverse psychology got em scared to say when shit is whack out of fear of being called a hater, imagine that! We ain't havin that reachin past the star status that you grabbin at My battle raps blast your ass back to your natural habitat So floss, cause what it costs ain't worth it to me Cause I'm the one these Spice Girl emcees Wannabe But they can't, ain't no points for effort, so why bother? Cause your girl calls my name out like Clarence Carter Clarence Carter, Clarence Carter! (I be strokin, that's what I be doin) Aiyyo, as we rock harder And always drop the bonified head nodders Aiyyo, later for the hater-players Yo-yo, yo-yo, later for these hater-players Chorus Blackstar keeps shining Chorus Blackstar keeps shining The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star f/ Common Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Respiration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, mbfamily@erols.com "What'd you do last night?" 	"We did umm, two whole cars 	 It was me, Dez, and Main Three right? 	 And on the first car in small letters it said 	 'All you see is..' and then you know 	 big, big, you know some block silver letters 	 that said '..crime in the city' right?" "It just took up the whole car?" 	"Yeah yeah, it was a whole car and shit..." [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. la ciudad respirando (translation of spanish: Listen to it.. the city breathing) * woman repeats 3X * [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. [Mos Def] The new moon rode high in the crown of the metropolis Shinin, like who on top of this? People was tusslin, arguin and bustlin Gangstaz of Gotham hardcore hustlin I'm wrestlin with words and ideas My ears is picky, seekin what will transmit the scribes can apply to transcript, yo This ain't no time where the usual is suitable Tonight alive, let's describe the inscrutable The indisputable, we New York the narcotic Strength in metal and fiber optics where mercenaries is paid to trade hot stock tips for profits, thirsty criminals take pockets Hard knuckles on the second hands of workin class watches Skyscrapers is collosus, the cost of living is preposterous, stay alive, you play or die, no options No Batman and Robin, can't tell between the cops and the robbers, they both partners, they all heartless With no conscience, back streets stay darkened Where unbeliever hearts stay hardened My eagle talons STAY sharpened, like city lights stay throbbin You either make a way or stay sobbin, the Shiny Apple is bruised but sweet and if you choose to eat You could lose your teeth, many crews retreat Nightly news repeat, who got shot down and locked down Spotlight to savages, NASDAQ averages My narrative, rose to explain this existance Amidst the harbor lights which remain in the distance So much on my mind that I can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Heard the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathin Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Sigh before we die like the last train leaving [Talib Kweli] Breathin in deep city breaths, sittin on shitty steps we stoop to new lows, hell froze the night the city slept The beast crept through concrete jungles communicatin with one another And ghetto birds where waters fall from the hydrants to the gutters The beast walk the beats, but the beats we be makin You on the wrong side of the track, lookin visibly shaken Taken them plungers, plungin to death that's painted by the numbers with Krylon applied pressure, cats is playin God but havin children by a lesser baby mother but fuck it we played against each other like puppets, swearin you got pull when the only pull you got is the wool over your eyes Gettin knowledge in jail like a blessing in disguise Look in the skies for God, what you see besides the smog is broken dreams flying away on the wings of the obscene Thoughts that people put in the air Places where you could get murdered over a glare But everything is fair It's a paradox we call reality So keepin it real will make you casualty of abnormal normality Killers Born Naturally like, Mickey and Mallory Not knowing the ways'll get you capped like an NBA salary Some cats be emceeing to illustrate what we be seeing Hard to be a spiritual being when shit is shakin what you believe in For trees to grow in Brooklyn, seeds need to be planted I'm asking if y'all feel me AND THE CROWD LEFT ME STRANDED My blood pressure boiled and rose, cause New York niggaz actin spoiled at shows, to the winners the spoils go I take the L, transfer to the 2, head to the gates New York life type trife the Roman Empire state [Mos Def and crew] So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Yo don't the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathin Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Sigh before we die like the last train leaving [spanish speaking woman] Escuchela.. respirando ?? [Common] Yo...on The Amen, Corner I stood lookin at my former hood Felt the spirit in the wind, knew my friend was gone for good Threw dirt on the casket, the hurt, I couldn't mask it Mixin down emotions, struggle I hadn't mastered I coreograph seven steps to heaven And hell, waiting to exhale and make the bread leavened Veteran of a cold war It's Chica-I-go for What I know or, what's known So some days I take the bus home, just to touch home From the crib I spend months gone Sat by the window with a clutched dome listenin to shorties cuss long Young girls with weak minds, but they butt strong Tried to call, or at least beep the Lord, but didn't have a touch-tone It's a dog-eat-dog world, you gotta mush on Some of this land I must own Outta the city, they want us gone Tearin down the 'jects creatin plush homes My circumstance is between Cabrini and Love Jones Surrounded by hate, yet I love home Ask my God how he thought travellin the world sound Found it hard to imagine he hadn't been past downtown It's deep, I heard the city breathe in its sleep Of reality I touch, but for me it's hard to keep Deep, I heard my man breathe in his sleep Of reality I touch, but for me it's hard to keep [Mos Def and crew] So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes in the night til she bled sunshine Breathe in, inhale vapors from bright stars that shine Breathe out, weed smoke retrace the skyline Yo how the bass ride out like an ancient mating call I can't take it y'all, I can feel the city breathing Chest heavin, against the flesh of the evening Kiss the Ide's goodbye, I'm on the last train leaving The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Theives in the Night Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Yo Dee (What?) Come on (Yeah..) What? What? Come on (Yeah) "Give me the fortune, keep the fame," said my man Louis I agreed, know what he mean because we live the truest lie I asked him why we follow the law of the bluest eye He looked at me, he thought about it Was like, "I'm clueless, why?" The question was rhetorical, the answer is horrible Our morals are out of place and got our lives full of sorrow And so tomorrow comin later than usual Waitin' on someone to pity us While we findin beauty in the hideous They say money's the root of all evil but I can't tell YouknowhatImean, pesos, francs, yens, cowrie shells, dollar bills Or is it the mindstate that's ill? Creating crime rates to fill the new prisons they build Over money and religion there's more blood to spill The wounds of slaves in cotton fields that never heal What's the deal? A lot of cats who buy records are straight broke  But my language universal they be recitin my quotes  While R&B singers hit bad notes, we rock the boat of thought, that my man Louis' statements just provoked Caught up, in conversations of our personal worth Brought up, through endangered species status on the planet Earth Survival tactics means, bustin gats to prove you hard Your firearms are too short to box with God Without faith, all of that is illusionary  Raise my son, no vindication of manhood necessary [M.D.]	Not strong [T.K.]	Only aggressive [M.D.]	Not free [T.K.]	We only licensed [M.D.]	Not compassioniate, only polite [T.K.]	Now who the nicest? [M.D.]	Not good but well behaved [T.K.]	Chasin after death 	so we can call ourselves brave? [M.D.]	Still livin like mental slaves [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [Mos Def] Yo, I'm sure that everbody out listenin agree That everything you see ain't really how it be A lot of jokers out runnin in place, chasin the style Be a lot goin on beneath the empty smile Most cats in my area be lovin the hysteria Synthesized surface conceals the interior America, land of opportunity, mirages and camoflauges More than usually -- speakin loudly, sayin nothin You confusin me, you losin me Your game is twisted, want me enlisted -- in your usary Foolishly, most men join the ranks cluelessly  Buffoonishly accept the deception, believe the perception Reflection rarely seen across the surface of the lookin glass Walkin the street, wonderin who they be lookin past Lookin gassed with them imported designer shades on Stars shine bright, but the light -- rarely stays on Same song, just remixed, different arrangement Put you on a yacht but they won't call it a slaveship  Strangeness, you don't control this, you barely hold this Screamin brand new, when they just sanitized the old shit Suppose it's, just another clever Jedi mind trick That they been runnin across stars through all the time with I find it's distressin, there's never no in-between We either niggaz or Kings We either bitches or Queens The deadly ritual seems immersed, in the perverse Full of short attention spans, short tempers, and short skirts Long barrel automatics released in short bursts The length of black life is treated with short worth Get yours first, them other niggaz secondary That type of illin that be fillin up the cemetary This life is temporary but the soul is eternal Separate the real from the lie, let me learn you Not strong, only aggressive, cause the power ain't directed That's why, we are subjected to the will of the oppressive Not free, we only licensed Not live, we just excitin Cause the captors.. own the masters.. to what we writin Not compassionate, only polite, we well trained Our sincerity's rehearsed in stage, it's just a game Not good, but well behaved cause the ca-me-ra survey most of the things that we think, do, or say We chasin after death just to call ourselves brave But everyday, next man meet with the grave I give a damn if any fan recall my legacy I'm tryin to live life in the sight of God's memory Like that y'all [Mos Def] A lot of people don't understand the true criteria of things Can't just accept the appearance Have to get the true essence [Talib Kweli] They ain't lookin around [M.D.]	Not strong [T.K.]	Only aggressive [M.D.]	Not free [T.K.]	We only licensed [M.D.]	Not compassioniate, only polite [T.K.]	Now who the nicest? [M.D.]	Not good but well behaved [T.K.]	Chasin after death 	so we can call ourselves brave? [M.D.]	Still livin like mental slaves [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [both]	Hidin like thieves in the night from life 	Illusions of oasis makin you look twice [Mos Def (singing)] Stop hidin, stop hidin, stop hidin yo' face Stop hidin, stop hidin, cause ain't no hidin place * repeat 2X* (Ad libs to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star f/ Jane Doe, Punch & Words Album: Mos Def and Talib Kweli are Black Star Song: Twice Inna Lifetime Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [Talib Kweli]  Yo, we been through this before right? (Word, word...) So we figurin', if we gonna do it, we gotta freak it, y'know what I'm sayin? (True, true, true...) Cuz everything gotta go up from here, right? So Hi-Tek, turn it up a notch... [Jane Doe] Hail Mary, 'matta fact hail Jane Niggaz take my name in vain/vein like I was cocaine My affirmations kill emcees like assasination Bringin' you pain until you wish you had a vaccination Or vaccine, I shine like Vaseline Gas plays like petroleum, walk over them like linoleum My vocab expand like a rubber band Walkin' nekkid through the motherland, give the finger to my brotherman Niggaz just don't understand my reasons, I transcend like season And scar these rappers like legion It's treason, my suspension attract attention I'm ventin', givin' these chickenheads detention Did I mention my name, yo, go by the Jane Doe Drenched in Polo, chill downtown in Soho You don't know, this is just half my potential Check my credentials, come harder than sequential It's essential, you listen, I drive, you a pedestrian They bless me on the track cuz I attack wit' the estrogen Rhyme against the best a men, Jane burn it up When you hear it in the whip, tell your man to turn it up! [Wordsworth] Yo...get it...yo Yo, we fortified live, supportin' allies The wack is tryin' to shorten our lives, it sorta waters my eyes But here is some'n the cryin' talk about The verse on that cassette you and cousin fought about That led to God and Satan's fallin' out Encourage the liquor for those who ain't here that you pourin' out On 3-way, your parents, preacher and spouse called my house Revive or ruin, my theories of mics Sony or Aiwa, black or white, I fit in all stereotypes Search for a cast to plot, I make you a laughin' stock So shook, I could walk a half a block and feel the aftershocks Rain of acid drops, seek some help Now don't rewind, get it the first time,  Shouldn't have to repeat myself Eternally verbally, I have numbers, succumb to time outs  In rhyme bouts you'll dial 9, just to get a line out Known fact or factors and non-rappers fractured Results in more cast appearances than a hundred actors Emcees I'm testin' like diseases injected in gerbils Wordsworth, Kweli, Hi-Tek, Reflection Eternal..what... [Talib Kweli] My style high life like Fonz when I burn heads like a conk Cuz niggaz front, when their chances get slim like Pharoahe Monch Thinkin' they shits is heavy when they light like ilumination Intellectual masturbation with premature ejaculation I'm comin' cleaner than vaccinations My fascination with character assassination,  Got these niggaz burnin' like sensation We keep it hot like matches and on lock like latches Wack emcees get they microphones snatched like Lee patches So YOU GO! To every wack muthafucka that you know (Scram...) My lyrics they get up in your genes/jeans like Parasucos So there's no mystery about the father, niggaz is hot and bothered Like the bitches that they are, takin' pictures with stars And got 'em open, but after they little hopes and dreams get broken Me and Hi-Tek, we live long and prosper like Vulcans Think I'm jokin'? We both got sons, we make cream and break dreams See through the fake schemes, wipin' your slate clean Like a squeegee, we be lightin' shit up like phosphorus Turnin' flamboyant niggaz anonymous, depressin' to optimus You stoppin' us is preposterous, like an androgenous masohganist You pickin' the wrong time, steppin' to me when I'm in my prime like Optimus Transformin', from rookie of the year to veteran Hip-hop is big business like Con Edison or medicine But fuck it, they gonna let us in, or else we rush the door I got to many reasons, save your 'whys' and 'what fors' CHORUS: [Kweli] This is twice inna lifetime so I'm lettin' you know (let 'em know, yo!) Blackstar, Wordsorth, Punchline and Jane Doe (yo!) [Mos] Lyrical com-pete and WE emcee We got the fortified five, exhibit level degree [Punchline] Check it... I keep dough in my pocket while you follow the false prophet Get deep like Islamics wrapped in a white garment I touch topics that try to open up your optics Vacate in the Tropics, you dodgin' bullets in the projects Cut the nonsense, I'm hotter than alot a men Start honorin', got more wifeys than Solomon Fuck the squad you in, a-yo we be the biddomb Regardless what I spit on, you worse with the tracks I shit on Once you get on, it's fair you can't trust (Yes!) Words & Punch, make rappers march like the third month I build with friends, lyrically spit gems Call me diamond, cuz I'm your girl's best friend Emcees are born losers, alcoholic abusers I'll go on the radio and start a gay rumor And then I'll talk about how the crowd tried to boo ya Label shoot ya, stressed out with brain tumors My gat claps, 50% of the wack Take it back to real rap, Krylons wit' the fat cap Get robbed for your ASCAP, leave you inside Fortified live, reppin' NY 'til I die! [Mos Def] Black body radiation situation that we workin' wit' My verb exists enlisted by the bogeys campin' services The purpose is, make you go and purchase this, no nervousness We are, hot like black tar, Black Star with emergerence Superlative, you fabricated like the word absurditive I'm rockin this from here to where the purges live To Brooklyn where the merchants live Next door to the murderers  And bourbon is a elder man's medicinal alternative My memory is furnished with, back streets to back seats to fat Jeeps Legendary athletes who play by the trash heap My crew wasn't that deep, but beef we didn't act sweet Treadin' on these stompin grounds you better catch some black feet Flashy, it was between DeKalb and Pulasky Off the meter like an out of borough taxi They run your pockets fastly, black and nasty, nappy and crafty And SWAT are either sittin' in Clinton or Kaksaki Man Rudolph can screw off! You too soft to stop us You and your coppers should see some foot doctors Got your burnt chest popped up, but keep your guns cocked up Cuz all them cats that you knocked up and always gon' be locked up Hide yaself like Donna Summer, another number one And comin' from the underground, this is how it's comin' down Baby let me run it down, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Jane Doe, Punch, Wor.. umm..E! Excuse me! Just ate another emcee! Sometimes that's just how it be Partner wash you down with green tea and some lime We like the five on the fist, fortified organized like DIS! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Move Somethin' Typed by: guru_afa@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] C'mon c'mon ya ya ya ya ya Get 'em up, get 'em up what Get 'em up, get 'em up what Get 'em up, get 'em up what Yo, yo, yo What's with the melodrama? Fella's wanna hover in my cypher like a helicopter Like it's a special honor The stealth bomba, gem droppa Make the ghetto holla, Inter-Conta-Nental Takin you high like sky divers When we spark with live wires Original, cavemen quest for my fire Express my desire to drop this new shit These record executives keep tellin me y'all stupid Now if they right, Shut The Fuck Up! Revolutionaries throw your guns up Whether you a bourgeois broad who actin stuck up Or some ignorant thug motherfucker shootin the club up We gonna make y'all feel this, break y'all spirit If y'all fake that realness, word we bringin it Ringin it in from the new millenuim to way after that I call these cats Reynolds cuz they plastic wrap Kill all the yappin lets make it happen You cats ain't real, you just a re-enactment Better yet, dramatization Soon as the director say action you start fakin I start breakin The whole joint start shakin This ain't the time or place for you to prove something Cut the stargazin' yo, move somethin'! [woman's voice and Talib Kweli] Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) [Talib Kweli] (Word.. alright bring it back to the top) To be continued... Lets see what's next up on the menu run up in you Lyrics that be fuckin with you In the mental, pick any mental - instru, funda, detri Extra Extra large like the borough of brooklyn the residential Exi-stential-ist specialist Like Sly Stone wit my poem and fly song Ride along with cats who live great and die strong, word We gonna rock till nothin else matters Y'all catch bodies, we catch excellent cadavers Your next of kin an' shatter stories splattered in the tabloids Erase your trace like your cotton mouth and we pepperment altoids Step in the high reppin the spot called flatbush Whether rappers or actors you still feel the gat bust The abstract then becomes the reality Alcoholics like to call it the moment of clarity Kill all the yappin lets make it happen You cats ain't real, you just a re-enactment Better yet, dramatization Soon as the director say action you start fakin I start breakin The whole joint start shakin This ain't the time or place for you to prove something Cut the stargazin' yo, move somethin'! [woman's voice and Talib Kweli] Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) Move Somethin' (move somthin) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek Album: Reflection Eternal (Train Of Thought) Song: Some Kind Of Wonderful Typed by: RePhewz@hotmail.com What's next? These chicken neck MCs get me vexed My rhymes be blowin' up chat rooms all over the internet And causin' collisions on the highway of information And then I head back to my prior engagement In the nation of Brooklyn Land of Trinis, Haitians, Jamaicans and Bejans It's amazin' how lickin' shots is the proper representation Soon they gonna need wack MC reservations Cause I endanger the motherfuckers, they needin' preservation Carry 'em home on the top of a truck like a trophy Niggas still sleepin' like I'm Jay Z in the video for Hawaiian Sophie It's cool I stay low key, keep a low pro Come out crushin' shit just for fun like Co Flow Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo here we go Ridin' on the sound waves out your stereo In the procession to your burial Callin' Hi Tek little Leon the professional I got the special flow listenin' to estero Puffin' vegetables and now I'm red to go The illest rhyme animal like Chuck Burn leech niggas like salt when i lay in the cut Think you about to blow when you continue to suck The shit I've been through Make me run up in your venue like What! I snatch the mic and ask the crowd what are y'all waitin' for? They say nothin' but that fat shit I got you, say no more i laid the law and all them Crab rappers played the floor I called them out A couple of them steeped up and I ate 'em raw Some more wack niggas tried to spray the door but had no aim Later for them corn balls On the way out smacked them in they face with a methaphor For better or for worse you better call the nurse Before I send a cleaner and he get to your hospital room first (Chorus) What you wanna do? I'm runnin' through your front line Your whole plan is catcha tan in my sunshine One time 'cause it's some kinda wonderful Don't stand there lookin' stupid, what you wanna do? (repeat) I'll take your style and embarras it with Words beautifully written like Arabic Got niggas on the run 'cause the fire like chariot Introduce pen skills to ill deliveries and married it Put it in your face like big gats and carried it like Harriet Various crews tried to bury us But we shut 'em down like Sagiterious with That wack shit money you can't be serious You niggas is hilarious actresses Runnin around the club pissy like ghetto matresses That's why I smack these kids back to reality And how it be in actuality With ready to battle MCs who skip the fuckin' formailties We spark it in any club or meat market Sweet artists don't come on the block they become street targets If you want it I got it, come get it I'm with it Your career will be shorter than a midget And the world will know who did it I smack up these ho ass MCs like a gorilla pimp You comin' out the box like a gimp, money you still a wimp My shit blow out filaments and light fixtures With the right mixture of words used as colors To paint the right picture Graphic masterpieces your whole shit is smashed to pieces Make you look at your man who rhyme and be like, "you not nasty like he is" Believe this when you see this, and don't fuck with Me either, 'cuz you'll be down where my feet is Curled up in the fetus Cryin' from the kicks, watch when I flip People gonna be buyin' my shit like fiends dyin' for a hit, so... (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Train of Thought Song: The Blast Typed by: Gale9880@aol.com Let me, let me practice.. hehehe, ehehe Talib.. T'Kwi, Kweli - I can't say it! That's wack.. [Talib Kweli] (Vinia Mojica) Yeah, you pronounce my name (Kweli), any questions? I bring many blessings with my man Hi-Tek and he from the Natti (Natti) We make the sky crack, feel the fly track,  get your hands up like a hijack Fist in the air for (Kweli), keep 'em there like Natural mystic or smoke when they spliffs lit It's a revolutionary (party), they ask me what I'm writin for I'm writin to show you what we fightin for Say Taleeb or Talib (Kweli), if it's hard try spellin it phonetically If not then just let it be like Nina Simone,  you probably (ably) don't listen B Even when we suffer loses I account the victory Sometimes it's far and between I'm sad to say it got my brain crowded like sunset on a Saturday I know my son wept 'cause his dad's away Stop cryin be strong for your momma is what I had to say [Chorus 1] To my little man named Amani (mani) Start the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast from a double barrel shottie (shottie) It's got to be, your man Hi-Tek and Kweli Who make you rock your body (body) Start the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast from a double barrel shottie (shottie) It's got to be, your man Hi-Tek and Kweli [Hi-Tek] I remember when it all started Back in the day when me and moms first parted Hi-Tek from the beginnin I stayed advanced A young chameleon, adapt to any circumstance Peep game nigga never been a lazy nigga Stayed on my hustle concentrate to get the paper bigger Stay focused, while other cats stay hopeless While niggas stay high I stay lower Stacking my chips to get a foreclosure This shit ain't over.. Going for the gusto, keep getting that provo It's Hi-Tek (and Kweli) on the track like Flo Jo Bet you ain't even know I had flow though [Chorus 2] Yo, make you rock your body (body) Start the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast from a double barrel shottie (shottie) It's got to be, your man Hi-Tek and Kweli [repeat 3x] Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing {Overlapping} oh oh ohhhhhh, yeah yeahhhhhhh Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek f/ Mos Def Album: Train of Thought Song: This Means You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos] Sometimes, you gotta be direct with the people, y'know like.. [T.K] Give it to 'em (c'mon) [Mos] Yo! [T.K] Give it to 'em [Mos] GET, UP, NOW! [Talib Kweli] Yo, we keep it type raw, and know exactly what we fight for when the nightfall come, we in the right war Cats who spill blood for a cause, not just because Defy the authority and follow God's law Revolutionary entrepeneurs; who make the fans clap they hands and stompin the floor not start the applause (Ahhh ssssh! Yeah!) Thank you very much, without further adieu Let me introduce the rest of my crew, Mos Def! [Mos Def] Yo, I am the world renowned, verb adjective adverb pronoun preposition suffix prefix Original or remix, sunburst and eclipse Me and Kwe' combine like strands on a double-helix My speech seasoned, with dialect of my region Booga-nam Brooklyn Bed-Stuy Eastern Where youth and policemen, they nah reach agreement Pressure in the mornin, pressure in the evenin {*scratching* "Mos Def" .. "Kwe'-Kweli" ..  "Hi Tek on the beat!" .. "brothers and sisters"} Chorus One: BlackStar (Mos Def + Talib Kweli) You, need, to, get, up, right, now and, move, with, this, yes, this, means, you You, you [Talib Kweli] Yeahh, alright yeah, alright yeah, alright yeah Alright yeah, alright yeah, alright yeah, yeah-ehhhh Uh, uh, uh, uh, yo, yo, yo Things changed since we came out, been some shit in New York Niggaz stopped gettin jig in New York, bloods and crips in New York The Y-2-K celebration wasn't big in New York Babylon live in New York, should I keep a crib in New York or just V.I., to handle my B.I. When with my A-Alikes we see with three eyes [Mos Def] Yo Kweli I agree I, was thinkin the same thing myself Smog in the city ain't no good for your health Things changed in New York, type strange in New York Forty-Deuce don't look the same in New York Just politics, tricks and big games in New York Switched trains a writer can't get fame in New York Internet and Wall Street got paid in New York Poor folks and workin class got slayed in New York Even still, everyday they make weight in New York Flashlights lookin for a brighter day in New York In New York they say it's - red hot Will the temperature ease up? Black I guess not It's multi-lane traffic, no sign for rest stops No corner breaks, put on your gloves and just box No dance school to teach you to wop and bus stop Better get up in the booth, hop up and just rock If you think it's like that, it's not so just stop All mankind time runnin down on one watch, just watch Chorus Two: BlackStar (Mos Def + Talib Kweli) If, you, are, just, coming, in, I, will say it, once, more, so, you, can, hear, cause You, need, to, get, up, right, now and, move, with, this, yes, this, means, you You, you [Talib Kweli] Yo, Mos Def and Talib Kweli bring disaster to the industry We best-sellin authors writin great chapters in history These cats undercover like gay rappers dealin with mystery My platinum grey matter spray batter that's specifically designed to make rappers break faster than eggshells in the mornin Inhaled the divine in that's laid dormant Water from the well STAY pourin I answer back when I hear fate callin Freedom fighter ready to attack at the crack of a new day dawnin Way more than necessary skills for the application My flow is Great like the Lakes and it rocks like Applachains My facts more than make up for what you lack in imagination You more confused than Tiger Woods when he made up Cabalaysian I'm sayin! [Mos Def] Break bounds like the jet Concorde Win awards before I leave for my world award tour When they scream encore, that's when they want more Flow steadily, whether I'm on or off shore High potent, zone coastin, no jokin Safecracker sniff gon' keep the joint open Peep the focus, high resolution, high reception My "Train of Thought" connectin with my bredren from Reflection like Chorus Three: BlackStar (Mos Def + Talib Kweli) You, need, to, get, up, right, now and, move, with, this, yes, this, means, you, again! You, need, to, get, up, right, now and, move, with, this, yes, this, means, you, we goin [M] New York [T] Philly [M] Chicago [T] Detroit [M] Miami [T] D.C. [M] L.A. [T] The world [M] London [T] Amsterdam [M] Paris [T] Japan [M+T] Any place that a human being might stand, we goin.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Too Late Typed by: spr14@columbia.edu Yo, when the bass thump, the place jump Like it's way crunk, yeah, Fake punks get they face lumped Sent to the most high, by the most fit You gotta do, fuck that almost shit The fam is close knit You diggin', know the clock don't stop tickin' Glocks still spittin', the whole block politickin' Lik epresidents with they minds dead on arrival Leaving no evidence of a struggle for survival Songs relevant to the times like the psalms read in the Bible Stepping to this leaves thoughts in your head 'it's suicidal' It's the T to the A-L-I-B the deep rooter Rolling with my wanna battle cats who chief buddha And see through the overspecialized, underpressurized No lie texturized, emcees who got the masses mesmerized with empty rhetoric, they better quit Niggas so hollow that they echo like sentiments Nowadays rap artists coming half-hearted Commercial like pop, or underground like black markets Where were you the day hip-hop died? Is it too early to mourn? Is it too late to ride? (6x) Kwa is chillin', Tone is chillin' What more can I say, we stay building And make killings Take children through the wilderness, by the hand It's a great feeling, show 'em how to be a man Exactly, pack trees in my khakis My sound fat like a Neve while you thin like a Mackey C'mon, shine so bright when I walk by You got ta squint like the motherfucking sun in your eye What! Say somethin, you stay frontin It ain't nothing, let off like I'm big game hunting Me and Tek stay way blunted Wave running on beaches with white sand With a slight tan Smack the mic stand with my right hand When I'm excited Leave you so far in the dust that you forced to bite it On fire like property lost to riots Yo, ain't no stopping us when we all united Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Memories Live Typed by: spr14@columbia.edu [talking] Yo, you know what we got to do, man, we need to get a whole CD. Get a collection of all the music and everything we've ever done. [woman singing] Bringing back sweet memories (3x) Life, living in Flatbush and going to house parties Red lights, bumping, life is what you make it, then sorry In my lifetime, ain't done too many things  better than watching your first son put his sentences together Yo, it kinda make me think of way back when I was the portrait of the artist as a young man All them teenage dreams of rapping Writing rhymes on napkins Was really visualization Making this shit actually happen It's like something come through me That truly just consume me Speaking through the voices of the spirits speaking to me I think back in the day, I absorbed everything like a sponge Took a plunge into my past to share with my son Bringing back sweet memories (3x) Like thoughts out the back of my mind Going back in some time Like when you used to cut and had to go to the back of the line Look back and you find Tracks that make you relax and recline Now cats rap about packing a nine When they lacking divine Inspiration Running out of topics of conversation Well I drop it in the pocket because rocking's my occupation I do it remarkably, spark up a leaf And possibly you could follow me Tap into your chi Utilize your memory To help you see clearly, then get back to me Actually, nothing's new under the sun So when life be stressing me My remedy is 'bringing back sweet memories' Like the faces that are woven in the fabric of my consciousness >From cities where making 21's a big accomplishment Like when my people understood their prominence And my past life visions of the continent Like the first time I saw KRS live, rockin' it I heard Resurrection by Common Sense Dominant in my psyche I chose my direction like Spike Lee To speak my life through mics, and I never take it lightly It might be something you did to bring you down when you were high But that karma's a bitch, you steady asking God why Like when my parents first split up Yo, I was illin' Seems like some years they was together for the sake of the children And I love them for that I don't know if they saw that So I'ma say it, and convey it when the world play it (3x) Bringing back sweet memories (3x) Like black is beautiful, names from the seventies Let me tap into your energy Fields of dreams become my property When I reach my destiny like a prophecy Especially when I 'm 'bringing back sweet memories' I got deep into my mind, see I got a treasury That float through my head like a sweet melody What you telling me Reflection is a collection of memories Definitely this is how hiphop was meant to be Eventually, I knew I'd run into Hi-Teknology It was only a matter of time like centuries Check the recipe or technique to how it sound so sweet I freak with word power, my man speak with beats If I could make it in New York, I figured anywhere I'd make it Came to Cincinnati linked with Mood, and we did Sacred Hi-Tek beats became my favorite Hussle on the Side was the cut We started to put songs together like 'What!' Travelled the world, came back to the crib And hit the motherland Yeah, this year we put in work and got some other plans In fact, that's where I'll take the fam  when the Reflection joint is done By the time you hear this, I'll be basking in African sun Like Wow! We made it We here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Africa Dream Typed by: spr14@columbia.edu (talking) If you can talk you can sing If you can walk you can dance That's an old proverb from Zimbabwe You know what I mean If you can talk you can sing If you can walk you can dance Yeah, and the trumpet is blown Yeah, alright, C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon Alright, Wooh! (talking) Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh, one more time Yo, anybody can tell you how it is What we putting down right here is how it is and how it could be Reflection Eternal for real And with that- These cats is no match, plus they lack a certain knack for rapping They never catch the wagon like Re-run and "What's Happening" Since back when they had potty issues and snotty tissues we been rockin Think you poppin next year nobody will miss you My thoughts is too advanced for the artists on these labels They come sweeter than sabal and softer than mashed potatoes I tried to told you the rhymes run over emcees like Land Rovers Took 'em back in time like Sankofa, Sankofa We stand over the Atlantic, looking broad like a man's shoulders The fire is trapped in a belly, ready to pop like canned soda We outlasting, from middle passage Touched down in New York Cincinnatay! Big Ohio status what you thought Money it's classic these bastards try to treat us like cattle So life has been a constant battle, battle Rising above the crabs in the barrel Way too used to living in death's shadow We stay on point like the best arrow, arrow We hit the target accurate Star shit, back it up When we hit town, y'all niggas pack it up That's how we get down, straight smash it up Like a whip, hydroplaning Hydro on the brain and maintaining Game changing into subtle shit, we remain blatant Yo, got to tell you to your face You get replaced in this game, by Kweli Place the face with the name These cats drink champagne and toast to death and pain Like slaves on a ship talking about who got the flyest chain (talking) Yo, we the reflection of our ancestors We'd like to thank you for the building blocks you left us Cause your spirit possessed us Yo, you blessed us Thank you very much (7x) Yo, we the reflection of our ancestors We'd like to thank you for the building blocks you left us Cause your spirit possessed us Yo, you blessed us Thank you very much  God bless you (7x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek f/ Rah Digga, Xzibit Album: Train of Thought Song: Down for the Count Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Rah Digga] Yeh, check it out now (uhh uhh uhh) Rah Digga y'all, Dirty Harriet (uhh!) Kweli, Xzibit, new millenium! (C'mon, check it) [all] One, two, three, four [Rah] Grimy bitch stomp the bogey outside your front door (yeah) Puffin on Goodie, eatin tuna and rye Blow the spot with some old school shit from junior high (HEYYY!) [all] One, two, three, four [Rah] Jersey's finest in the house, punchlines and metaphors Make your foul ice grill, thug grimy on the real Puttin heads to bed like Hennessey and NyQuil [Rah Digga] Convertible style, still had the heat knockin Bumpin shit from way back with my man beatboxin Shootin the breeze - see I'm nice with these You'll be suckin it down like fast food high-C's Type of rap bitch that love underground classics Gettin more green than that nigga St. Patrick Makin wack rappers go and merc the set {*dial-up sounds*} Better off behind a desk tryin to surf the net cause I be adamant, kill 'em when my joints get added in Worse than boric acid in your project cabinet Dirty Harriet, increase the fanbases Leavin non-writin cats stuck on the plantations Mini-skirts with tights, eatin lunch with whites Leave the party over here like they Israelites Got Cali Brooks critics, Ta' Kwe'(??) Xzibit Gonna rock shit down like he can't get no visits [all] One, two, three, four [T.K] Rock the whole world like the Rolling Stone tour (AH-AHHH!) Raw your wack set is faker than a bomb threat by a nervous terrorist who's so scared that his palms wet [all] One, two, three, four [T.K] The stuff legends are made of, urban folklore Like Jim Morrison we break on through Before I care about your take on me, we take on you [Talib Kweli] Yo, yo, yo We bring it straight to your face from the start, yo Rage Against the Machine, break it apart Might be over your head, but it's straight from the heart I show my love in the light while y'all hate in the dark Straight to apocalypse is where I'm takin the art Givin niggaz battle scars, ALWAYS makin my mark You fakin the part of gangster, til niggaz break in your spot You straight bitch whether I say it or not Shit is hot, spittin flames on the track Put our town's names on the map from now until we fadin to black Where we at? Thug rebels love metal clubs ghetto when the slugs let go like Frankie Beverly Forever we stack notes like the treasury, flow heavenly Get you high on speech laced with obscenity Niggaz be gassed like Cipher Sounds, and need rescue remedy then fall the fuck off like limbs affected with leprosy [all] One, two, three, four [x2z] Why the fuck can't MC's MC no more? Hardcore til somebody put me under the ground With a dick in your ear, still couldn't fuck with my sound [all] One, two, three, four [x2z] Takin me straight to the weed spot, then to the liquor sto' "Gimme Some Mo'" like Busta Bus', who do you trust? Swingin through, your favorite neighborhood lush [Xzibit] I'm i-rate, usin your body for live bait Xzibit rockin them heavy gems you can't take Dilate, cock back the weight, spread hate Heavy metal we settle and set shit straight Hit gates in my younger days, from the policeman Me and my clan used to dance thicker than quicksand Supply and demand the hand is quicker than the eye Find some chickens to fry, while you find it hard to stick to your lie I see through the tricks, destroy the facade Your little lungs is too weak to hotbox with God Rah Digga, First Lady of the Flipmode Squad Gotta be hard like a young nigga walkin the yard For the first time, we ain't the niggaz you let shine Expect mines to blow lines like coke everytime I'm an Alkaholik nigga so I finish the fifth You at the front door bitchin because you ain't on the list It's like [All] One, two, three, four.. Yeah (ohhhhhhh) hehehe (aight y'all, aight y'all..) Yeah (here we go) [All] One, two, three, four.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Name of the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "The name of the game is.." [Talib Kweli] Persistance, dedication Consistant, motivation, resistance to stagnation of information, distribute it free to the entire population No hesitation, makin it public No privitazation from corporations Today in order to be sane you gotta go crazy so remain on top of the game, and master your universe like you was He-Man See me and Hi Tek knock you out de frame while I'm stimulatin de brain in de "Train of Thought" that's the name of the Reflection Eternal LP man! Ain't nuttin new except organic produce that means that's free range You might see me on MTV, BET, or still up on the D-train It's just everybody else be seemin strange in they approach I see these guys and read they eyes Need to disguise and so I cloak into a cloud of smoke, I brown a roach to keep myself from soundin loc' Destroy they hopes of hatin Don't move aboard before they rock the boat Yo it's not the dope,  these snakes will come in peace to slit your throat Give you compliments, with a promise yet to get me heated and provoke me to be rockin shit, shove apocalypse down your esophagus so swallow that Guess what you could be coppin that N'kiru Books for fifteen dollars flat Cats who spit knowledge on tracks and get bumped out the back of Impalas and Cadillacs All my live Cincinatti Bearcats holla back Tomorrow they gonna wanna borrow raps like  "C'mon black, I'll pay you back" I ain't no lyrical ATM even though I'm nice and I'm a mack Better believe that, leave that crack alone And you see that there microphone ain't no place to work your self-esteem issues Do that shit when you alone! Nigga you is grown, why is you still suckin on that pacifier Quickly call that ass a liar, exposin you's my last desire Olympic skills so pass the fire I roll with niggaz that match attire Black aware, that's filled with gas but rollin on, flat ass tires Yeahehehe, yo hehehe, yo, yo.. yo yo Yo I got a special guest Lil' Baby Tone Tone, tell 'em what's up {?? indecipherable ??} Yo, true Yo we bout to be, tell 'em peace out Tone {Peace out} Yeah word word Baby Tone, what? {Yeah what?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek f/ Kool G. Rap Album: Train of Thought Song: Ghetto Afterlife Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] These niggaz ain't thugs, the real thugs is the government Don't matter if you independent, democrat or republican Niggaz politickin the street, get into beef Start blastin, now a new cat is executive chief With a, passion for heat you get, blast in yo' seat Die before you crash in yo' Jeep, never passin in your sleep like an old man, you ain't a fool you got a whole plan to conquer territories like Europeans who stole land The future of your whole fam' hang in the balance You the king, and your block is the palace Y'all niggaz is the parliament, untouchable, spot unrushable Keep your weight wet, call in collect to save a buck or two Get mad, who the fuck are you? What you gonna do? Exactly what I thought - NOTHIN, in the sport of frontin you the undisputed champion, I'm in a class you can't be in My words is flesh like Jesus, the aquarian {*scratched* "Let's stop right here for an amen and a right on"} {"So you think that I'm a fool..."} {"Amen, right on..."} Chorus: T. Kweli and Kool G. Rap [T] It's just a chapter of the night, in the ghetto afterlife Where you just seen or heard about or gonna have to fight [K] Where they sacrifice the life and niggaz see flashes of light When you trapped up in the heights but clappers aimin at the wife [Talib Kweli] Yeah, dudes gettin money is still thuggin Chicks gettin money is still ghetto Still livin the whole thuggish stilleto Your team let the metal burst before you take an L you raised in hell, let the dust settle first Then you ask the question, snatchin the life of the innocent Shit happens huh, a man's respected by his actions It's the karma of the street, you try to meet the karma while the karma sleep, yo it's deep, but the karma can't be beat You don't know your enemy, so you fightin with yourself Relate to rap niggaz cause they writin what you felt You got top shelf connects you gettin seasoned like a veteran We suck the venom out the snake bite, without the medicine We benefit from niggaz in tenements, dyin for benjamins So bad that they know they own coffin measurements Ghetto eloquence, in the moment of truth, don't be hesistant or fall victim to the element, word is bond "So while y'all keep on fakin the funk,  we gonna keep on walkin through the darkness carryin our torches" 	-> DJ Premier {*scratched* "I'ma give-give-give it to-to you straight" "Straight up and down!" -> DJ Premier Chorus: T. Kweli and Kool G. Rap [T] Just another chapter of the night, in the ghetto afterlife Where you just seen or heard about or gonna have to fight [K] Where they sacrifice the life and niggaz see flashes of light When you trapped up in the heights but clappers aimin at the wife [Kool G. Rap] Niggaz get caught up in the struggle End up in court in trouble, sportin a bubble Ford azure bubble, importer smuggle, forcin a rumble Hit the blocks with a portion to double Flip and get tossed in the huddle Police with one piece short of the puzzle It's a hustle, peep the street life, they movin muscle and the G's'll make your knees buckle Tussle with heat until your feet stand in a pee puddle Cheese double but all the speedy niggaz bleed puddles Make the headlines; some try to escape the fed time Phone taps on direct lines - tec-9's with the red shine Jake climbin through the bedroom blinds Tryin to bring you to your deadline, it's slippery when wet signs Red time, wipe the sweat around your neck time One shot spill out your red wine, rock shots to deafen your prime Pieces of hot lead left in your mind One slug to the left of your spine Forever late to rest on the shrine {"So you think that I'm a fool.."} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Talib Kweli & Hi Tek f/) Vinia Mojica Album: Train of Thought Song: On My Way Typed by: RePhewz@hotmail.com [Vinia Mojica] I'm on my way.. Whether sunny or rain - I'm on my way.. Destiny is pre-ordained - I'm on my way.. Whether ecstasy or pain - I'm on my way.. I'm black and free from your chains - I'm on my way.. Whether sunny or rain - I'm on my way.. Destiny is pre-ordained - I'm on my way.. Whether ecstasy or pain - I'm on my way.. I'm black and free from your chains - I'm on my way.. {*harmonizing fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Love Language Typed by: EllisDee62@hotmail.com, Gale9880@aol.com [Talib Kweli] Yo, we're going to have the word love in many different languages translated all through the track So, whenever you hear the word love Know that, it's going to be in a different language The language of love cannot be translated, yo Love is blind, you just see bright light You up in the club feelin' the night life, lookin' for the right type Blood rushing to your heart making it beat When she swept you off your feet and made it complete You know the plan you had to conquer the world Thinking you Scarface, looking for that perfect girl And now you found her Started with romantic, then got to frantic Then things thats normally small become gigantic Now y'all sinkin like the Titanic here come the panic Bein with you like a habit without you I can't stand it It's tragic when you wonder when you lost that magic Without understanding that you never had it try to grab it In the bed gettin a nut off, communication cut off Getting mad cause you turned or wondering where she shut off Constantly comparing you to someone in my past We don't smile anymore, and we argue over cash Advance to that physical shit See what happens if you keep talkin See what happens if you lay a finger on me motherf... Yo, see what I'm sayin' It's like one big mind game that everybody playin and Niggas say bitches is trife, bitches say niggas is We just don't understand our fundamental differences I'm still learning though, actually I just do what come naturally, naturally, naturally (Chorus): L'amour n'a pas de, frontiere (Love has no boundaries) Restes car je t'aime comme tu es (Stay because I love you as you are) J'ai traverse l'ocean du verbe (I crossed an ocean of words) Et je t'ai trouve (And I found you) [Talib Kweli] Women thrive on emotions, men refuse to acknowledge So when we arguin nobody win Words get in the way time and again Sticks and stones break your bones words break your heart Whether you in touch with that part or not say "word" Words are weapons for the revolutionary Used for evil make the situation very scary Word up, but love is brave It flies in the face of fear Yo, wherever you want to go love'll take you there Let's go, you know a flower that grow in the ghetto Know more about survival than the one from fresh meadows It got love for the sun, that's where I'm comin from Spit in this fashion cause I love rockin over drums Word (te quiero) I put my love into my music If you with me then you love how I do it If my heart you're livin' in your ocean I'm swimmin' in Never drowning got me floatin' watching you in slow motion Love potion overdosin approachin The explosion of my senses everyday without your heart is like a sentence in jail Trust I'll always be mentally free You got the key to let it out I'll show you how it could be Love {*different language*} it ain't nuttin but a word A chicken ain't nuttin but a bird Yo, yo, yo (Chorus): L'amour n'a pas de, frontiere (Love has no boundaries) Restes car je t'aime comme tu es (Stay because I love you as you are) J'ai traverse l'ocean du verbe (I crossed an ocean of words) Et je t'ai trouve (And I found you) [Talib Kweli] Some of y'all in love with that material but love enter my life like a miracle and It reciprocal that's why I'm feeling you love We exibit our natural behavior Like making love under the moon in Jamaica Get you so hot you call the name of the creata The morning we hop back into action again Up on the wall lovin how the sun blacken your skin Remember when we explored the beach Swam in the ocean and saw beneith How the colors of the coral reef looked like the illest floral peice That's what your beauty remind me of It's hard to find a love like ours, taking it high above Them other duns try to spit game but, I dont sweat it though Know in my heart that we connected so I let it go Now if they call you out your name and that's a different thing Anything but Queen I'll go to war like a King Your friends sweat you cause you aint got a band But they dont understand Some things is meant to stay between a woman and man And they ain't privy to it so they try to get into it Both you and me see through it so the way we flow is fluid We speak the love language, they speak from pain and anguish Some don't love theyselves so they perception is tainted Out they joint like "Shit, he payin for your rent" missin the point When you rub me into your skin just like an ointment It's more than pillow talk, it can't be translated Learn how to speak it, and become emancipated It's a language Universal love... (Chorus): L'amour n'a pas de, frontiere (Love has no boundaries) Restes car je t'aime comme tu es (Stay because I love you as you are) J'ai traverse l'ocean du verbe (I crossed an ocean of words) Et je t'ai trouve (And I found you) Love love love love, love, love (Repeated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and Hi-Tek f/ De La Soul Album: Train of Thought Song: Soul Rebels Typed by: doncee190@hotmail.com (Kweli) We do not (under no circumstances) live for Hip-Hop (Hip-Hop) It lives for us we don't live for Hip-Hop (Hip-Hop), it lives for us (repeat 3x) It's the eternalist, y'all burn to this, blaze da dro' Soul rebels trap up, we got a long way to go Before this here blow like a volcano we get eternal, this is what you waitin' for,  you try to front and play the role When you more like a pimp who pay the ho With my name up in your mouth like fellatio I lace the flow on purpose even up the ratio Of Hip-Hop to that shit they drop on the radio Underground classics is what they used to say before Now we break the surface quiet like an alligator nose They hate it, cuz they know if they don't get it, then they may be slow We still gonna blow like the horn played by Horatio The stakes is three feet high and risin' like De La Soul So I got Wonder Why, my man Dave and Maseo We all got babies so we embrace the taste of dough But y'all already know so I ain't gotta say no mo' (Chorus, Maseo) De La is whatcha need, Reflection is whatcha need We got the masters of the ceremonies,  blessin' emcees lip professin' emcees From LI to Brooklyn to Cinncinnati, Hi-Tek and Kweli got this on lock D  Let me hear you scream out loud if you're somebody Party to party, body to body,  when we come into the jam we do it wildstyle (Posdnous) Yo! I'm homegrown for the bain, once I rock the mic plain It's the extravaganza we glad you came,  made only for them heads, it's infra-red Aim For such a world figure, we got figures to gain  (don't sleep on a nigga) I ain't Icabod Crane get that ass cooked hard cuz we raw like Kane Been known to mic spit, infinite per frame While these girls throw me plenty like jenny to jane Ain't some old school G poppin' memory lane, been on it future robotic Since the day I came If you don't know Plug Wonder Why is my name Most recognized leo with my size in mane,  matter a fact track is simple and Plain, Cuz the complexities I freeze is too deep to detain, Reflect, Kwa-Tone Tek eternally in the game (and De La) oh fo' sho' We be shinin' the same (Chorus) (Dave) Y'all think these challengers is here to make a man fold Shoot I've been holdin' these joints since I was yea old Came to confirm the fact that I've been on the payroll Stay cold til one day make it hot and fade old Continue til I'm dyin, rottin' out gray and old I told them fool before they pass they have to pay toll While I've been sittin' at the table eatin' steak whole, side of greens Baby yams you know it stay soul, pre-natal, But they want to come spit your way so,  so was I supposed to go and say no, Right emcees some walking straight, some take the gay stroll I get my man to clamp they asses like they staples I'm from LI we take it far as out as naples And scrape hoes who'll be willing to take clothes off (off) See once you bet it all against reflects eternal,  you lose every rapper on a dept Y'all need to pay ya dues (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Eternalists Typed by: Deemi1@aol.com Yeah Now here we go Here we go (come on come on) Now here we go Here we go (come on come on) Yeah [Talib Kweli] Stay strong this ain't for the faint hearted My name's honored cause my style is insane retarded Remain hottest from St. Marks to St. Thomas Take game farther than the put-put planes charted The same artist who smoke rainforest and bang hardest My brain smartest break a nigga like a lame promise All city like train bombers Check out the pictures we painted (yeah) More colorful than Kelis naked Your skills is least debated and your album least awaited Even Big Tigger wouldn't let you in "The Basement" Face it y'all niggas face down with your legs kicking They call your momma Roy Jones cause she raise chicken You're "Down for the Count" like Rah Digga I'm straight spittin Make pigeons say, "Uh uh, no they didn't!" Yes we did so god bless the kid yo I got my own so I never stress his no In this journey you're the journal I'm the journalist Am I eternal.. or an eternalist? Soon as we showed up I sensed nervousness As soon as we rolled up y'all niggas burn to this Here we go  Come on Yeah yeah (yeahhh) Yeah yeah (yeah yeah come on) Yeah yeah Come on come on  [Talib Kweli] Yo we send this bullet straight towards your brain We taking over like Moors in Spain there's more to gain Runaways get aboard the train (come on) You can't ignore the pain (no) When it come down like the pouring rain Caught the Train of Thought it clanked across the raw terrain The cold weather break your spirit like a water main I looked in your eyes and I saw the shame Y'all don't know that our greatness came before the chains No you can't imagine a future where this all can change If one of us ain't free then we all to blame So we attack each other fighting project wars and thang It's all the same across the board we fall for game You wanna see through that shit then you can call my name Kweli I chop it up like raw cocaine I drop gems at top ten, I'm not for the fame You wanna test and I bet you get wrecked like lost planes Yo [Chorus] - repeat 2X And there it is (yeah) Yeah yeah (yeah yeah) Come on  Yeah yeah (yeah yeah) Yeahh Yeah yeah (yeah yeah) Yo yo yo  Say whaaat? Say what, say what, say what [Talib Kweli] I rock for the purists and I rock for the players I rock for the fellas and I rock for the ladies (come on) I rock for the elders and I rock for the babies (yeah) I rhyme to the sirens that cry in the night (yeah) Live on the mic even though I've been dying to write (yeah) Since the days of flying a kite and ridin my bike (come on) Open my eyes and keep the prize within my line of sight (yeah) Now cats drop out of school to get fiends high on a pipe (word) Seem like that's the ghetto way of tryin to fight The system thats based on trying to stop you from shinning your light We dying in spite of getting rich That's why I rhyme like a battle emcee Battling the tragedies and fallacies That be killing niggas quicker than infant mortality They acting like whats going on now is distant reality Behaving so casually that they become a casualty Plus they don't wanna battle me anyway They try to walk away but they stumble like Macy Gray Cats hit the tunnel to rumble and say, "Hey DJ!" Make me wonder why they call Sunday the lazy day [Chorus] - repeat 2X Check me out yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli + Hi Tek f/ Big Nel Album: Train of Thought Song: Big Nel from Da Natti Typed by: doncee190@hotmail.com (Big Nel) Let 'em know how we do it down in the C.O.  we 'bout to get the thang started Know what I'm sayin'? The year 2000 I'm 'bout to let these muthafuckas know, Big D representin'  All the way from the C.O. Cinncinnati, Ohio - that's what it is  Ay yo I'm givin' some shout-outs to my kids I'm just a real-ass nigga from the Natti I used to drive caddies  And used to be a Pimp daddy And now I chill in the studio, roll wit' my niggas  And we sippin' on Henny though Yeah, I like to smoke on the hydro Go to the club, might pick up a freaky ho Yeah, what's up my niggas? We doin' it like that  While we in the bank countin' figures You know how we gettin' things started down here in the Natti  You know, Come down here you kick it with me, Big D Y'know, ride out, get cloud out, smoked out, know what I'm sayin'  Get things poppin' You know how we do it, got the forty fluid Know what I'm sayin', yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli + Hi Tek f/ Piakhan, Supa Dav West Album: Train of Thought Song: Touch You  Typed by: kfu12@hotmail.com (Intro) Oh what's up everybody this is Rick James Talib Kweli, DJ Hi Tek, Reflection Eternal (Chorus) [Supa Dav West] We Make the Music That Change your life 'Bout to touch you just right All night we gonna to shine the light 'Bout to touch you just right [Piakhan] Piakhan floating on the mighty clouds of joy Building a future, yo, for my baby boy (uh huh) I moved form the hood yet the shit still in me And your opinion is nothing to me I have plenty like bein' out of prison With a roof over my dome And possessing the gift such as sparking the microphone Accumulate the provolone makin' it happen with Talib A Nattian cat we got em' snappin' Roberta Flackin' the track and Killin' em softly with out flossin' But yet the shine is glossy and the run the lyrical train through your brain shit Strategy pain, I'm on some Clubber Lane shit With the iron, ain't no use in you trying "I ain't lyin'" Through your ears mesmerize em' It's about time we started risin' Once again replace bullets with words, try to make it fun again (Chorus) w/ minor variations [Talib Kweli] if the put my life on the screen then its got to Be the IMAX I live large stroke your mind, till you reach climax Terrorist hijack on Hi Tek fly tracks front don't try that My niggas got my back, you gotta relax, ease back What's that all about with the feedback? All up in my mouth we don't need that,  the asphault is the place to be at Where the people fire burn so bright you can see that believe that It ain't light music (no) We make the right music (true) Keep it tight music (yes) Affirmin' life music (come on) (Chorus) w/ minor variations  [Talib Kweli] It's like girls got the bass all up in they hips My favorite part on the face is the shape of the lips Yeah I wanna touch you there (right there) Your mind is my concubine, when I deliver shivers up your spine Like the bread and wine, my brains embedded with rhymes That's ahead of they time, I rock the better design You cats ain't got the touch You all suck, like getting head from a dime  I run up in em and, clutch em' if they tremblin' It's a rush like adrenaline, at a point break the joint shake When you play this (yeah), your crew is haters when they come  Through with the newest/latest (like that) Reflection Eternal Shine light bright like the day till the sky turn purple And the moon arrive, reflection through the night That touch you just right (Bridge) [Talib Kweli] With the rhythm, the rhythm, God bless the rhythm It's the rhythm, rhythm; yes ya'll the rhythm Shorty on the dance floor giving me rhythm Hi Tek make ya'll nod ya'll neck to the rhythm And (Chorus) w/ minor variations (x2) [Talib Kweli] Uh yeah yeah yeah Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh (x2) Clap your hands everybody (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Good Mourning Typed by: AlanPage@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Good morning, Brook-nam" Another stop... on the train (wake up... wake up... wake up...) We come to a stop that everybody got to make...  Whether you local or express [Talib Kweli] What's the meanin of ghettofabulous Not ridin the back of the bus I'm a revolutionary antagonist Some playas is mad at us for just doin our music out of love Some underground heads is hatin cause we have fun at clubs I'm probably on some government list for my rhymin You a fool if you don't think they already tapped your line Medicine is big business so my remedies is herbal It's music is for the people so we Reflection Eternal Listen, you hear the difference between science and science fiction We blow it out like if you leave on every appliance in the kitchen  at once; still rolling kind bud in Cuban blunts On the corner watchin how kids comin to Brooklyn for they fronts Niggas run past what they need chasing after what they want Fuckin chumps, you walk down the street and get jumped Brooklyn cats like to bubble out of town no lookin back When you a ghetto chef you mastered the art of cookin crack Some get caught sleepin on the Mother City so when they go They come back as tales of niggas we used to know Never looked up to see the stars in all they heavenly glory Just straight ahead cause the peripheral is buildings with mad stories Not floors but dramas is played out, shorties get laid out like respect and fade out like TV sets into the banks of our memories (let it be) we'll never forget you Lyin on your deathbed askin for God to bless you [Hook: Talib Kweli] Good mourning, good afternoon, good night What have you done with your life? Everybody time comes to be embraced by the light You only scared to die when you ain't livin right, man I'm puttin up a hellafied fight {*Hi Tek scratch: "Stay awake to the ways of the world"*} [Talib Kweli] I need you all to be clear on exactly what I'm sayin With your attention span I understand that I ain't playin You mistaken if you somehow think it's just me you facin Starin me down while your enemy is standin adjacent My heart is racin but I know just what I stand for We chasin death carelessly like +Jessica+, I +Care Moore+ Who said, "Just because no one can understand how you speak don't necessarily mean that what you be sayin is deep" In case you die in your sleep you ask the Lord for a blessin Sometimes they sneak up so quiet that the silence is deafenin You'll never know who the assassin is until it's your time to go Your life is flashin, askin for forgiveness but you move too slow Now the people that you love bear the pain that you once harbored You was livin for yourself so you could never be a martyr Life is hard, death is harder; you somebody baby father Someone's lover, son of your mother, somebody brother Somebody nigga, now your spirit in the air like a whisper Hearin your name mentioned when we pourin out some liquor The days go by quicker and the nights don't seem to differ It's gettin cold, so I shivered and asked my soul to be delivered [Hook: Talib Kweli] Good mourning, good afternoon, good night What have you done with your life? Everybody time comes to be embraced by the light You only scared to die when you ain't livin right, man I'm puttin up a hellafied fight {*Hi Tek scratch: "Stay awake to the ways of the world"*} [Talib Kweli] Yo, the time come for everybody.. It ain't somethin you can really prepare for Yo, yo, Mad Duke, rock rock on and Curtis Mayfield, rock rock on and Grover Washington, rock rock on and My Aunt Hazel, rock rock on and Big L, rock rock on and Freaky Tah rock rock on and Jerome Green, rock rock on and Slang Ton, rock rock on and We celebrate life.. {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: Expansion Outro Typed by: foxthesly@yahoo.com Reflection... (x6) [Talib Kweli] Yeah... so we got this tune called "Four Women" right Originally it was by Nina Simone, and uh She said it was inspired by, uh, you know, down South Down South they used to call her Mother Antie You know, she said no "Mrs.", you know, just Antie, y'know what I'm sayin' And uh, she said if anybody ever called her Auntie she'd burn The whole God damned place down, y'know what I'm sayin' But you know, we're moving past that, y'know what I'm sayin' Coming into a new millenium, can't forget our elders I got off the Two train in Brooklyn, on my way to a session Said "Let me help this woman up the stairs" before I get to steppin' We got in a conversation, she said she a hundred and seven Just her presence was a blessing, and her essence was a lesson She had her head wrapped and long dreads that peeked out the back Like antenna to help her to get a sense of where she was at Imagine that, living a century, the strength of her memories Felt like an angel Heaven sent to me She lived from nigger to colored to negro to black to afro Then African-American then right back to nigga You'd figure she'd be bitter in a twilight, be she aight Cause she done seen the circle of life Yo, my skin is black like it's packed with melanin Back in the days of slaves she'd be packin' like Harriet Tubman And, my arms are long like she moves like a song Feet to corns, hands and calluses but the heart is warm And, my hair is wooly and attract a lot of energy Even negative she gotta dead that the head wrap is a remedy (and) My back is strong she far from a vagabond This is the back the master's whip used to crack upon Strong enough to take all the pain that's been inflicted Again and again and again and again and then flip it To the love for her children, nothing else matters What do they call her, they call her Aunt Sarah [Hook: Nina Simone] *Harmonizing* [Talib Kweli] I know a girl with a name as beautiful as the rain Her face is the same but she suffers in unusual pain Seems she only deal with losers who be using them games Chasing the real brothers away like she confused in the brain She try to get in where she fit in on that American Dream mission Paid tuition for that receipt to find out her history was missing And started flippin', seeing the world through very different eyes People asking her what she'll do when it come time to choose sides Yo, my skin is yellow it's like the face is blonde Word is bond, and my hair long and straight, it's like Sleeping Beauty See she truly feel like she belong in two worlds And now she can't relate to other girls Her father is rich and white, still living with his wife But he forced himself on her mother late one night They call it rape, that's right And now she take flight from life with hate and spite inside her mind To keep her up to the break of light a lot of times I gotta find myself, I gotta find myself I gotta find myself, she had to remind herself They call her Siffronia, the unwanted seed Blood still blue in her veins, and still red when she bleeds [Young Woman] Don't, don't, don't hurt me again (x8) [Talib Kweli] Teenage lovers sit on the stoops of a Harlem Holdin' hands under the Apollo marquee dreamin' of stardom Cause they were born the streets is watching and schemin' And now they got them generations facing diseases That don't kill you they just got problems and complications To get you first, yo it's getting worse When children hide the fact that they pregnant Cause they scared of givin' birth How will I feed this baby, how will I survive, how will this baby shine Daddy dead from crack in '85, mommy dead from AIDS in '89 At 14 the baby hit the same streets they became a master The children of being a slave, they grow a little faster They bodies become adult while they keep the thoughts of a child Her arrival into womanhood was hemmed up for her survival Now she 25, barely grown, now on her own Doing whatever it takes, strippin', working out on the block Up on the phone talkin' about "My skin is tan like the front of your hand And my hair, well my hair is alright, whatever I wear when I fix it It's alright, it's fine, but my hips these sway hips of mine Invite you daddy when I fix my lips my mouth is like wine Take a sip, don't be shy, tonight I wanna be your lady I ain't too good for your Mercedes, but first you gotta pay me Quit with all them questions, sugar, whose little girl am I Why, I'm yours if you got enough money to buy You better stop with them compliments, we running out of time You wanna talk, whatever, we can do that it's your dime From Harlem is where I came, don't worry about my name Up on 125 they call me Sweet Thing" [Hook: Nina Simone] *Harmonizing* Say what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what Say what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what What, what, what, what... oooo~ [Talib Kweli] A daughter come up in Georgia ripe and ready to plant seed Left her plantation when she saw a sign even though she can't read It came from God, when life get hard she always speak to Him She'd rather kill her babies than let the master get to him She on the run up North to get across to Macy Dixon In church she learned how to be patient and keep wishin' The promise of eternal life after death for those who God bless She swear the next baby she have will breathe a free breath And get milk from a free breast and love being alive Otherwise they'll have to give up being themself to survive Being maids, cleanin' ladies, maybe teachers, and college graduates Nurses and housewives, prostitutes and drug addicts Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they're born There'll be mothers and lovers who inspire and make songs But me, my skin is brown and my manner is tough Like the love I give my babies when the rainbow's enough I'll kill the first muhfucker to mess with me, I never bluff I ain't got time to lie, my life's been much too rough Still runnin' with bare feet, I ain't got nothin' but my sole (soul?) Freedom is the ultimate goal Life and death is small in a hole in many ways I'm awfully bitter these days Cause the only parents God gave me; they were slaves And they crippled me, I got the destiny of a casualty But I'll live through my babies and I'll change my reality Maybe one day I'll ride back to Georgia on a train Folks 'round there call me Peaches; guess that's my name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Train of Thought Song: For Women Typed by: shaolin_2000@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] (Spoken) Yea, so we got this tune called "For Women" right Originally, it was by Nina Simone She said it was inspired by, you know Down south. In the south, they used to call her Mother Antie She said No Mrs. Just Antie She said if anybody ever called her Antie  she'd burn the whole goddamn place down I'm over past that Coming into the new millenium, we can't forget our elders [Talib Kweli] I got off the 2 train in Brooklyn on my way to a session Said let me help this woman up the stairs before I get to steppin' We got in a conversation she said she a 107 Just her presence was a blessing and her essence was a lesson She had her head wrapped And long dreads that peeked out the back Like antenna to help her get a sense of where she was at, imagine that Livin' a century, the strenght of her memories Felt like an angel had been sent to me She lived from nigger to colored to negro to black To afro then african-american and right back to nigger You figure she'd be bitter in the twilight But she alright, cuz she done sseen the circle of life yo Her skin was black like it was packed with melanin Back in the days of slaves she packin' like Harriet Tubman Her arms are long and she moves like song Feet with corns, hand with callouses But her heart is warm and her hair is wooly And it attract a lot of energy even negative She gotta dead that the head wrap is her remedy Her back is strong and she far from a vagabond This is the back of the masters' whip used to crack upon Strong enough to take all the pain, that's been Inflicted again and again and again and again and flipped It to the love for her children nothing else matters What do they call her? They call her aunt Sara. Woman singing in the background [Talib Kweli] (+ Background Vocals) I know a girl with a name as beautiful as the rain Her face is the same but she suffers an unusual pain Seems she only deals with losers who be usin' them games Chasin' the real brothers away like she confused in the brain She tried to get it where she fit in  on that American Dream mission paid tuition For the receipt to find out her history was missing and started flippin Seeing the world through very different eyes People askin' her what she'll do when it comes time to chose sides Yo, her skin is yellow, it's like her face is blond word is bond And her hair is long and straight just like sleeping beauty See, she truly feels like she belong in 2 worlds And that she can't relate to other girls Her father was rich and white still livin' with his wife But he forced himself on her mother late one night They call it rape that's right and now she take flight Through life with hate and spite inside her mind That keep her up to the break of light a lot of times (I gotta find myself) (3X) She had to remind herself They called her Safronia the unwanted seed Blood still blue in her vein and still red when she bleeds (Don't, don't, don't hurt me again) (8X) [Talib Kweli] (+ Background Vocals) Teenage lovers sit on the stoops up in Harlem Holdin' hands under the Apollo marquis dreamin of stardom Since they was born the streets is watchin' and schemin' And now it got them generations facin' deseases That don't kill you they just got problems and complications that get you first Yo, it's getting worse, when children hide the fact that they pregnant Cuz they scared of giving birth How will I feed this baby? How will I survive, how will this baby shine? Daddy dead from crack in '85, mommy dead from AIDS in '89 At 14 the baby hit the same streets they became her master The children of the enslaved, they grow a little faster They bodies become adult While they keepin' the thoughts of a child her arrival Into womanhood was heemed up by her survival Now she 25, barely grown out her own Doin' whatever it takes strippin', workin' out on the block Up on the phone, talkin' about  (my skin is tan like the front of your hand) (And my hair...) (Well my hair's alright whatever way I want to fix it,  it's alright it's fine) (But my hips, these sweet hips of mine invite you daddy) (And when I fix my lips my mouth is like wine) (Take a sip don't be shy, tonight I wanna be your lady) (I ain't too good for your Mercedes, but first you got to pay me) (You better quit with all the question, sugar who's little girl am I) (Why I'm yours if you got enough money to buy) (You better stop with the compliments we running out of time,) (You wanna talk whatever we could do that it's your dime) (From Harlem's from where I came, don't worry about my name,) (Up on one-two-five they call me sweet thang) Scratches + Woman singing in the background [Talib Kweli] (+ Background Vocals) A daughter come up in Georgia, ripe and ready to plant seeds, Left the plantation when she saw a sign even thought she can't read It came from God and when life get hard she always speak to him, She'd rather kill her babies than let the master get to 'em, She on the run up north to get across that Mason-Dixon In church she learned how to be patient and keep wishin', The promise of eternal life after death for those that God bless She swears the next baby she'll have will breathe a free breath  and get milk from a free breast, And love beeing alive,  otherwise they'll have to give up being themselves to survive, Being maids, cleaning ladies, maybe teachers or college graduates, nurses, housewives, prostitutes, and drug addicts Some will grow to be old women, some will die before they born, They'll be mothers, and lovers who inspire and make songs, (But me, my skin is brown and my manner is tough,) (Like the love I give my babies when the rainbow's enuff,) (I'll kill the first muthafucka that mess with me, I never bluff) (I ain't got time to lie, my life has been much too rough,) (Still running with barefeet, I ain't got nothin' but my soul,) (Freedom is the ultimate goal,  life and death is small on the whole, in many ways) (I'm awfully bitter these days  'cuz the only parents God gave me, they were slaves,) (And it crippled me, I got the destiny of a casualty,) (But I live through my babies and I change my reality) (Maybe one day I'll ride back to Georgia on a train,) (Folks 'round there call me Peaches, I guess that's my name.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Quality Song: Rush Typed by: corazon_de_fuego2@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli: repeat 16X] Feel the rush [Talib over the repeated line] Yeah, I do this shit for real (you get Chuck D'd, "Shut the Fuck down") Ain't no games being played (remember that, remember that) It might be the career (yo) It might be on the stage (yo) It might be in the street (yo) But the people come to me (why?) [Talib Kweli] They come to me for the lyrical, spiritual, raw shit I spit at you Original, and I see collective, not individual Visual, in the mic I'm un-fuck-wit-able Invincible, offical nigga who they come to For the hardcore, art of war, rhymes that I got in store Triple-w N'kiru Center dot org For education and culture, heads is waitin' for Mos to Do the album with Kweli, we do it like we suppose to Nobody come close to my crew, we wild nice You ain't tight, your rhymes is like what a child writes When he can't spell, you chase crumbs and get ate like Han-sel Can't hold your mic, like your liquor, your style like an Amstel Smack a nigga til my motherfuckin hands swell You ain't fly and you prolly got can-cell Y'all niggas shaky like handheld, amuteur camera work In walking this planet of earth I'm the illest emcee and a man of my word When I came out, niggaz didn't understand it at first I'm known to roll up my sleeves and put my hands in the dirt We at war and I got a battle plan that can work With the proper execution so I'm killin' 'em right You get hit like a deer standin' still in the light I'm spillin' it like, I ain't never had a meal in my life Feed my family with my pen, it's so real what I write [Bridge] We fight, fuck, get buckwild Kill, chill, make love, have child Freestyle, b-boy, hit the block Build, destroy, get it hot Yo, I make the place go apeshit (c'mon) Ain't no other way to say it, ain't nuttin to play with I'm Langston Hughes, "Dreams Deferred" seen and heard in the flesh Cause so many people believe the word even when it seems absurd With keen observation I peep the game And got blood on his hands, I can see the stains My street slang spray like shots when heat bang out Niggas keep my name in they mouth, I put they flame out Where I'm from, action is first and talk is second I'm sharp like the blade in the logo of Rawkus Records New York's infected, niggaz beefin' on the mix-tape Got Nickelback niggaz thinkin' they can fuck with big weight Hell no, give it up, it's enough We about to live it up, with ten of us We ride and you live with us Pick it up, party people, you about to get in touch Give it up, everybody, you about to get a rush You can find Kweli in the cut, wth a Cohiba lit up bout to split a Dutch Get it up, everybody, you about to get in touch Give it up, everybody, you about to get a rush (whooo!) [Xzibit] Yeah, yeah Quality material Yo, check this out Yeah, you heard it Kweli You don't know how to say it by now, fuck you Broadcastin' live, from Brooklyn, New York City Yeah, turn this shit up It's Quality music You know how we use it Feel the rush [Talib Kweli: repeat to end] Feel the rush The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli	 Album: Quality Song: Get By Typed by: madskillet@comcast.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib] Yeah.. my Lord.. yeah [Verse 1: Talib] We sell, crack to our own out the back of our homes We smell the musk at the dusk in the crack of the dawn We go through "Epidodes II," like "Attack of the Clones" Work 'til we break our back and you hear the crack of the bone  To get by.. just to get by  Just to get by, just to get by We commute to computers Spirits stay mute while you eagles spread rumors We survivalists, turned to consumers  To get by.. just to get by  Just to get by, just to get by Ask Him why some people got to live in a trailer, cuss like a sailor I paint a picture with the pen like Norman Mailer Me and Willa raised three daughters all by herself, with no help I think about a struggle and I find the strength in myself These words, melt in my mouth They hot, like the jail cell in the South Before my nigga Core bailed me out  To get by.. just to get by  Just to get by, just to get by We do or die like Bed-Stuy through the red sky with the window of the red eye Let the lead fly, some G. Rap shit, "Livin' to Let Die" [Chorus: Background singers] This morning, I woke up Feeling brand new and I jumped up Feeling my highs, and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smokin, and stop drinkin And I've been thinkin - I've got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (by) [Talib and background singers] (ba ba ba, ba da bada, ba da bada, ba da bada, ba da badahh Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by by by by by by) (ba ba ba, ba da bada, ba da bada, ba da bada, ba da badahh Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by by by by by by) [Verse 2: Talib] We keeping it gangster say "fo shizzle", "fo sheezy" and "stayin crunk" Its easy to pull a breezy, smoke trees, and we stay drunk Yo, I activism - attackin the system, the blacks and latins in prison Numbers of prison they victim black in the vision Shit and all they got is rappin to listen to I let them know we missin you, the love is unconditional Even when the condition is critical, when the livin is miserable Your position is pivotal, I ain't bullshittin you  Now, why would I lie? Just to get by?  Just to get by, we get fly The TV got us reachin for stars Not the ones between Venus and Mars, the ones that be readin for parts Some people get breast enhancements and penis enlargers Saturday sinners Sunday morning at the feet of the Father They need somethin to rely on, we get high on all types of drug When, all you really need is love  To get by.. just to get by  Just to get by, just to get by Our parents sing like John Lennon, "Imagine all the people watch" We rock like Paul McCartney from now until the last Beatle drop [Chorus: Background singers] This morning, I woke up Feeling brand new and I jumped up Feeling my high's, and my low's In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking, and stop drinking And I've been thinking - I've got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (by) [Talib: repeat 2X - with background singers] Yoyoyo, yo Some people cry, and some people try Just to get by, for a piece of the pie You love to eat and get high We decieve when we lie, and we keepin it fly Yoyoyo, yo When, the people decide, to keep a disguise Can't see they eyes, see the evil inside But there's people you find Strong or feeble in mind, I stay readin the signs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Quality Song: Shock Body Typed by: aphite@hotmail.com (Kweli) Yeah, yeah (Girl) La, la, la (continuous) (Kweli) It's like what you gonna do when we come through when you Yeah, shock body like What you gonna do when we come through, Kweli Uh, yeah, BK MC, like what you gonna do when we come through when you Woo, yeah, come on [Verse 1] Watch how Talib Kweli Greene do it What I bring to it You hear the theme music My rhymes' life support, dog breathe to it Rhymes are bright, the sunshine beams through it Stop haters in their tracks like high beams Like the moment you was at the crime scene screaming "I ain't do it" But, I seen through it, it's obscene how I spew it Martin Luther King had a dream to it, people cling to it I seen your momma lean to it in a green Buick Wack niggas get passed over so much they seem Jewish Better leave and do it now or seem foolish This music I bleed to it, I raise my seeds to it I MC with the truest in the game I stay hungry like I'm the newest in the game And stay hot like I'm bluish with the flame You heard the truth when it came And you knew it was the name that you couldn't pronounce Now I'm all up in your mouth My people all up in the house and we calling you out Y'all niggas crying, what you bawling about This shit is down like we chalking you out Hey yo, that's what I'm talking about (Girl) Look up in the sky recongnize it's sunshine (la, la's cont'd) (Kweli) Yeah, what you gonna do when we come through when you (Girl) How can you deny when it's right in your eyes (Kweli) Shock body, ro-ro-ro-ro-rock body Like what you gonna do when we come through when you (Girl) Look up in the sky recognize it's sunshine (Kweli) Come on and, come on and Kweli like what you gonna do when we come through when you (Girl) How can you deny when it's right in your eyes (Kweli) Yeah, come on [Verse 2] Check the writing skills forever coming tight with the quill You sound like you liking the thrill Or filling the pipe with the the krill YOu must be smoking like the spliff we like to light when we build Out of respect for the dead we let our Heinekens spill Cats taking Vicatin pills to numb the pain that they feeling Pertaining to stealing my rhymes finding their brains on the ceiling I'm blowing their minds wide open when I'm flowing I'm fine Hey yo my whole style banging like I'm throwing up signs Niggas get cut like I saw someone I know in the line I live life to the fullest cause I know I could die Right now, I don't believe I know when to sto' My face soldier's going to lie, when I'm going to buy You gonna see a rainbow in the sky And my momma's face glowing with pride My first born held it down and through my baby's soul I survive Put your hands in the air and let me know you're alive I love this game y'all, I ain't even going to lie I can see you all rocking cause you know when it's live, word (girl) repeat chorus (kweli) repeat chorus **Continue [Outro] BK, BX, Q-borough, like what you gonna do when we come through ATL, Chi-Town, Los Angeles, Bay Area Everybody like what you gonna do when we come through yeah My whole world rocking Yo BK like what you gonna do when we come through, Kweli The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Cocoa Brovaz Album: Quality Song: Gun Music Typed by: hiphoplit@netscape.net * * send corrections to the typist [Talib Kweli] Now, If I'm out of town my crew take of your bodies the more the merrier Point and spray the area Niggas is quick to bury you Punk niggas feel inferior Guns make us superior Cats start acting scarier Situations get hairier, yo You know who killing it, niggas saying they militant The only blood in the street is when the government spilling it You could have a hand gun or a cannon And you still (?) without the knowledge and wisdom and understanding of a 22 derringer a 38 long a 44 desert eagle a Glock Nine time to protect the fam I'm a cock mine I make the streets run red like a stop sign stop lieing [Hook] Co Coi Coi Clak Clak Clak Clak Clak Gun man music never take shot back (oh!) Co Coi Coi Clak Clak Clak Clak Clak (Come On) Ghetto Red Hot 'round the world you hear that (oh oh oh come on) Co Coi Coi Clack Clak Clak Clak Clak Gun man youth never take shot back (Yes!)(Brooklyn) Co Coi Coi Clak Clak Clak Clak Clak Ghetto red hot 'round the world you hear that In Jamaica (Kingston), In Brooklyn (Flatbush), In Ethiopia (Yep) We Go There and Back (Come On) To all my real live soldier cats where you at Dogs don't hold them back those the cats that go to strapped to blow a back [Talib Kweli] You could be whoever, a black panther or lap dancer when respect is the question folks coming with the gat answer Shoot at your feet like spider, you a tap dancer What am I amusing to you? You better have that answer Toys for guns, I got guns for toys Silencers bring the heat without bringing the noise Bringing the funk of dead bodies, go ahead bring in your boys You'll see the soul of black folk like W.E.B DuBois Israelies got tanks and Palestinians got rocks Inmates got shanks and dirty cops they got glocks We got tribes in Africa that listen to Pac fighting with brothers who pump Biggie like they live on the block [Hook] [Cocoa Brovaz] These are the tools of the trade that we use to get paid When we cruise on escapades and escalades with guns to blaze we been this ways since the younger days Safe from the hunger pains Pop Bang when the trouble came Pioneers of gun slang Supply you with them things a little something, something set fire to the game my system be thumping Co Coi Coi! the sounds of guns busting Co Coi Coi! your heart just start pumping [Talib Kweli] From a 22 derringer a 38 long a 44 desert eagle Time to protect the fam I 'ma cock mine I make the streets run red like a stop sign stop lying Gun Music y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Bilal Album: Quality Song: Waitin' for the DJ Typed by: Nucleaaaah16@aol.com [Bilal] Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock (It's your boy Kweli, BK MC) So I can show you just what I got (Memph Blow in the house) Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got [Talib] Music is the air I breathe The prayer I leave Rippin' in the atmosphere Up there in the breeze Stronger then the revolution That you wear on your sleeve Its all I know Not an idea you believe I spit bars you can't touch Like tips in strip bars Get charged, man I drop hits that hit hard Hit bars with my brown shook cuz this starred the night just start, I'm waitin' .... [Bilal] Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock [Talib] We all hop in the car deep We bring Brooklyn to the city My fellas lookin' sharp my ladies lookin' pretty When the DJ let the needle drop The beat'll rock, the beat'll start Boppin' and my people got it poppin' like needle marks 3 o'clock and it's mass hysteria I'm about to hit the cafeteria I'm Waitin' ... [Bilal] Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock (Put it down for y'all) So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock (Put it down for y'all) So I can show you just what I got [Talib] I read the lines and all the between In my mind I'm rewindin' the scene The club ain't the place to be findin' a queen You all in my dream girl Though I can't sleep on you no You was a star tonight It like shown through Vampires takin' a bite I'm in the zone too I always end up takin' the flight Makin' a right for the fam So tight in the jam A fight began Always heard bad niggas tryin' to act like a man The DJ had the mic in his hand Like calm down (Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock) [Talib] Yeah, it was like I was the audience at the concert You at the converse With the Luis Vuitton purse Tiger's eye around the wrist With the fly and the prints Lookin' up your arm a blender with a tatooed gift I had to catch a plane but you make me warm as day I had to catch your name and I'm waitin' ... [Bilal] Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock (Put it down for y'all) So I can show you just what I got [Bilal] Cuz they let me chasing (?) through the same old song So just clap your hands together 'til they make that sound [Talib] Yeah, hot runnin' the summertime its why I said it Guys see the flesh catch a dyed fetish Hunnies smellin' to sweet its like I'm diabetic On stars and the sky in seminal, dianetic Drop the top beat up the block On plow, now when they smoke a tree up As shots reach the new tunes Dogs who lose Hollerin' at the new move Ours, I'm like the sun, the flower in full bloom When I come out the house we complete like the number 9 Gimme some of yours, I'm a give you some of mine Your off the sucka rhyme A song will sound like one of mine I know you love it when I shine, I'm waitin' ... [Bilal] Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got Waitin' for the DJ to, let your body rock So I can show you just what I got The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Mos Def Album: Quality Song: Joy Typed by: DBalln04@aol.com (Talib Kweli) Wooaahh! yeah On top of the world Yeah, that's how my seeds got me feeling' right now On top of the world Yeah, you ever felt like you could do anything (Yeah) On top of the world Amani Fela, Diane Ashe, I'ma hold y'all down for real (Gotcha!) [Talib Kweli] It was 1996, 4th of July, looking off in the sky dealing with thoughts inside, when something caught my eye It was a silhoutte of a beautiful woman, bright with life carrying my first seed, looking like she gone bear fruit tonight We at the African street festival, and she walking around talking about the midwife said, that bring the baby down I'm about to be a father, the sights and sounds, seem brighter around me and for starters, I know I'ma work harder, word We got home at three in the morning, I was beat them contractions started coming as soon as I fell asleep 3:05, like every five minutes, then the water broke we on the go, yelling at the cabbie, cause he's sort of slow You know them hospitals all trying to get paid, no questions hear come the doctor's with they drugs, trying to do c-sections But my baby stay's strong, in labor for yay long eight-pound baby boy, to carry my name on, joy! [Chorus: Mos Def] + (Talib Kweli) Huh, yeah I know how you feel, Kweli I know how you feel (That's the sound of joy) See my brother, I know how you feel, Kweli, I know how you feel (That's the sound of joy) So when you, have a seed, come in the world, say dog that shit's real (That's the sound of joy, y'all) Huh, Kweli, yo I know how you feel, Kweli, yo I know how you feel My baby girl [Talib Kweli] June 10th, 1999, I been on the grind since the birth of my son, it's been about, way more then rhymes Baby on the way, my lady glowing today, at least that's what the midwife said, on the phone Anyway, the music got me going away Like everyday, but it's a blessing, so I gotta have patience and she got pregnant on a Jamaican vacation So it's all good, this time well have the baby in a house I went the hospital route, I know what they all about (Never again) So I'm out on tour, in Baltimore get the call around four, when the water hit the floor (Damn!) I gotta rock my show, but I gotta go got second thoughts about her not going, to the hospital I left the show early, Mos held me down, good looking (No doubt) call the car service, like, take me straight to Brooklyn (Uh huh) Got the news in the car, stayed sorta calm but I cried tears of joy, when they put my daughter in my arms, how precious! [Chorus: Mos Def] + (Talib Kweli) Huh, huh Said I know how you feel, uh, said I know how you feel when you (My precious joy) Said I know how you feel, uh, Kwe I know how you feel (I know you do, huh, my precious joy y'all) Huh, uh, said I know how you feel (yeah), said I know how you feel (My precious joy) Huh, man I know how you feel (yeah), said I know how you feel [Talib Kweli] I do it for the seeds y'all, in they formative years when they need y'all we gotta believe, in what we conceive y'all, it's deep y'all I give them the truth, so they approach the situation, with ammunition I keep nothing away, they hear everything, cause they know how to listen Teach them the game, so they know they position, so they can grow and make decisions, that change the world, and break old tradition They put kids in jail, for a life they ain't even get to start that's murder too, and it's breaking my heart, it's breaking our nation apart We gave the youth all the anger, it's just we ain't taught them, how to express it, and so it's dangerous You can't talk to them Unless your language is relating to what they going through so busy ignoring them, you can't see what they showing you And you wonder, why we called baby-daddy's and baby-momma's when we grow up, we can't act like adult mothers and fathers, yo I'm so blessed to have a boy and a girl, everyday they bring joy to my world [Chorus: Mos Def] + (Talib Kweli) Huh, yeah I know how you feel, Kweli I know how you feel (That's the sound of joy) Brother Kwe', I know how you feel, Brother Kwe', I know how you feel (Baby girl, my precious joy) Kweli, I know how you feel, say bro' I know how you feel (Fela, be my joy, yo) Huh, if you know how the people feel, let me really know how you... yo I do it for the seeds y'all (Repeat 5x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Bilal Album: Quality Song: Talk to You Typed by: nuferjer@msu.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Talib] Let me holler at you [Talib and Bilal] Can I talk to you?(x5) [Talib] I want you, cuz you make my heart skip the beat that I drum to I want to be the one you run to, when pain confronts you You're everything, sometimes I get nervous when I'm in front you You can hear it in my voice when I ask you if you comfortable Look how love do, I'd practice the Art of War for you like Sun Tzu Come through and arouse you every morning like the sun do If you blackout and collapse I want to help you to come to Notice I haven't yet got into what I want from you I want you to come to when I come through and make you shine like the sun do I want you to be the valley for my river to run through You're everything, you send your soul through your lips to my heart Sweet music will start I want you to be the music of my art When people try to rip us apart we got to work to stay together Go through the seasons of love and never change with the weather This is my wish list, what I want not what I need there's a difference These days I'm learning that words got power so I'ma be specific [Bilal] Can I have a talk with you? Can I make a dream come true? Can I be in love with you? Cuz I would if I could [Talib] Yeah sunflower You must live in the infinite blackness that exists when I close my eyes I see you when I fall asleep, I see you when I dream [Bilal] Lil' darlin' Set your soul on fire (lil' darlin') Be your one desire (lil' darlin') Lil' darlin' Can I talk to you? (lil' darlin') Lil' darlin', lil' darlin' Can I talk? (lil' darlin') Can I talk, can I talk, can I? Lil' darlin' (lil' darlin') Can I talk to you? (lil' darlin') Let him talk to you Set your soul on fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Black Thought, Pharoahe Monch, Kanye West Album: Quality Song: Guerrilla Monsoon Rap Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Kweli talking] Yeah... Yeah! That's what I'm talkin about! Let's do it... Kanye West, c'mon turn me up and Black Thought, c'mon turn me up and Pharoahe Monch, c'mon turn me up and Talib Kweli in the house with [Hook: Kanye West] Guerrilla Monsoon rap - all the shorties like "who dat?" Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?" Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black And ya crew, give me dap like true dat We come through and all the shorties like "who dat?" Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?" Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black And ya crew, give me dap like true dat [Black Thought] Yo, I hit these emcees with the grip of death like I was a Vulcan Ain't a lot of "ifs" an "ands", it's just straight talkin It's hard to swallow at times, so take portions Bitin off more than you can chew, create offense Emcee species endangered like dolphins Rappers is spittin nails into they own coffins (c'mon) Hear come the Dundee moves rocket-launchin (yeah) Black Thought, quit playin him close and back up off him [Talib Kweli] Kweli -- spruce to the tree, Bruce to the Lee Favorite emcee, that your favorite rapper used to be One by one I knock 'em out like Schoolly D - my rhymes is eulogy A flea could move a tree, before ya think ya movin me I black and blue emcees - actin new to me, get smacked stupidly That lack skills, like the black community lack unity (uh) Still my rhymes heard like Ali DePhrase Step off the stage to shouts of "Kweli boomayyay!!" [Pharoahe Monch] See these four emcees came to get down Rearrange the rap game, change ya whole sound Nigga YOU, got ta, understand the plot ta Movin and groovin and always improvin alot-ta I'll outfox the, average Porsche ya Boxster talk Break the bank on some old Frank Sinatra (New York...) Slash Chi-Town, slash Philly Check the blast from Genevo, you can get slapped silly [Hook] [Black Thought] Okay... my sound drenches, each of the five senses And hold the shock value of electrified fences It's truth or consequences, ride wit us or against us Is you a dedicated soldier, or you a princess, dog? I'm in it to win it and not for the wealth Got a crib with a Grammy and a gat on the shelf Nan nigga competition, gotta battle myself And me and Kweli on a mission, gettin Pharoahe for help [Talib Kweli] From natives walkin in trailor tears to players sippin Belvedere We always comin well prepared, and all my dogs' smellin fear PLUS, even my niggaz from the Bay, they say you hella scared Truth or consequences, and all senses be well-aware Your style - under-developed there, hell if I care What hardship you claim to see, but I can tell by your stare Nigga you fugazi, sayin ya crew blazin like sayin Miss Cleo is a true Jamaican, we makin... [Pharoahe Monch] Guerrilla Monsoon rap, smell the fumes, get in tune wit it When I attack your city, y'all gon' think Dr. Doom did it Spit it like white trash in seed-spittin contests With a vendetta that sent a betta letter bomb to Congress I'm pissed - cumulus clouds of ominous Words of the Thor, the rawness that'll restore ya calmness Unless, you wanna be leg and armless That's parapaleg' for those who believe in bomb threats [Hook] [various ad-libs til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ DJ Quik Album: Quality/Soundbombing III Song: Put it in the Air Typed by: R3ddDawg@aol.com [Kweli] We be blazin' (uh) So amazin' (yeh) Everybody get down Everybody get down (uh, yeh) We be blazin' (uh) So amazin' (c'mon, uh) Everybody get down Everybody get down Yeh [Talib Kweli] New year, new record, time to do bigger shit Caught a plane to Cali linked with my nigga Quik I figure with the combination we bomb the nation but stay calm and patient As the world get hyped from hearin our musical conversation This a beautiful situation right here Given birth on the track cuz the cypher stay pregnant with ideas And we rockin it - rock, rock, rockin it Tell the hater players put a sock in it! Proper shit, that you got to get, cause we properly document How cats look more like dicks than the Washington monument Validly try to challenge me, but who you racin wit' It's amazing the lyrical lyngerie I be lacin shit, we be blazin it Put it in the air with the chronic My lyrics like drugs got you hooked on my phonics From Brooklyn to Compton the lounge of Soundbombing Still rockin' over "Balance and Options," now If you got a spliff then put it in the air If you want a rift then put it in the air If you shakin yo' ass, put it in the air If you makin it last, put it in the air If you leave the crib strapped then put it in the air Take ya hand of your gat and put it in the air Snook your bud in the club, put it in the air Got nuttin but love, put it in the air [Talib Kweli They say my rhymes is too heavy, I come thicker than the fog You get it when I retire and battle my catalogue Writin rhymes in my captain's log, BlackStar date MC's fake like Egyptian Gods in +Stargate+ Lovin the hate, bubble all types of weight in they rap I draw blood like mosquitos y'all annoy like gnats Pop that around the wrong cat get laid flat Concrete adjust to the contours in your back Quik where you at? [Quik] Yo i'm in the back room makin a run Ain't even touched her n makin her cum N you can catch me out in Portland we startin mine Everybody doin shows but i'm the hottest flyin' Bitches say honest, I swear to God So how come then believin them is so damn hard Could you really blame a nigga if you fucked a skate You ain't even pay that's why you flunked today All you heard was he sellin talk shit about niggas and drink wine And your answer kept changin cos bitch you keep lyin' Talkin bout 'he make me sick All he do is disrespect me keep callin me bitch And he only wanna fuck me when he all for that dough' What the fuck you think i'm here for not to love you I hope All i'm bout to do is listen for a minute While I get my drink in n' introduce you to my dog Kweli n go up in it [Kweli] C'mon We be blazin' (c'mon) So amazin' (yeh) Everybody get down Everybody get down (yeh, c'mon, yeh) We be blazin' (uh) So amazin' (c'mon, yeh, c'mon, c'mon) Everybody get down Everybody get down Now let me tell you how I am [Talib Kweli] I'm mild-mannered at day but superhero at night I got the special invite to make your spot look right No ice, no rain, not bottles of champagne n' HALF these motherfuckers can't pronounce my name I'm so cool while you hyper in the coffee shop Hype niggas make girls be like 'get off me stop' Real niggas like thirst so of course we rock Cos the game unauthordox, off top You got cold feet like I pulled off your socks Always goin down town pullin all the stops Your breath smellin like fish from straight off the docks Dats how you lost your spot You too hype Yeh We be blazin' (c'mon, uh) So amazin' (yeh, everybody c'mon) Everybody get down Everybody get down (yo, all the people in the house) We be blazin' (c'mon yeh) So amazin' (yeah, c'mon) Everybody get down Everybody get down Yo, 1, 2, (c'mon) 1, 2 We be blazin' (c'mon, yo) So amazin' (c'mon get dowwwn) Everybody get down Everybody get down (yeh, everybody yo) We be blazin' (light it up, light it up) So amazin' (yeah, i'm feelin that, c'mon) Everybody get down Everybody get down (yeh) Yo do that shit We be blazin' (yeah) So amazin' (c'mon get dowwwn, uh) Everybody get down Everybody get down (yo, yo do that shit) We be blazin' (c'mon, yo) So amazin' (yeh) Everybody get down Everybody get down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Quality Song: The Proud Typed by: eternalreflection7901@msn.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] The proud Stand tall or don't stand at all, c'mon Uhh, yeah Break it down What we do? We survive, it's more than pride We stay alive, ready to ride [Chorus] - repeat through intro [Intro: Talib Kweli] One two, one two yo Aight.. put it down yo June 21, 2001 Timothy McVeigh is executed And the country breathe a sigh of relief Goodness prevails over evil, it seems Somehow when he's gone, we feel safer Little do we know [Verse One] Today the paper say Timothy McVeigh's in hell So everything's okay and all must be well I remember Oklahoma when they put out the blaze And put Islamic terrorist bombing, on the front page It's like saying only gays get AIDS, propaganda Like saying the problem's over when they locked that man up Wrong! It's just the beginning, the first inning Battle for America's soul, the devil's winning The President is Bush, the Vice President's a Dick So a whole lot of fuckin is what we gon' get They don't wanna raise the babies so the election is fixed That's why we don't be fuckin with politics They bet on that, parents fought and got wet for that Hosed down, bit by dogs, and got blacks into house arrest for that It's all good except for that - we still poor Money, power and respect is what we kill for, for real [Chorus] - repeat through interlude [Interlude] August 4, 2001 A drunken police officer mows down an entire family in Brooklyn The judge lets him go with no bail It reminds us, of just how worthless our lives are to the justice system I struggle, to explain the situation to my son, it's hard [Verse Two] Niggaz with knowledge is more dangerous than than niggaz with guns They make the guns easy to get and try to keep niggaz dumb Target the gangs and graffiti with the Prop 21 I already know the deal but what the fuck do I tell my son? I want him livin right, livin good, respect the rules He's five years old and he still thinkin cops is cool How do I break the news that when he gets some size  He'll be percieved as a threat or see the fear in they eyes It's in they job description to terminate the threat So 41 shots to the body is what he can expect The precedent is set, don't matter if he follow the law I know I'll give my son pride and make him swallow it all (damn!) Fuck the pigs! I think the pigs killed Big and 'Pac too If they didn't they know who did, they got to! Who they serve and protect, nigga not you Cops shot off of ten G's but they got glocks too Let you protect yourself, or better yet respect yourself Straight into the hospital is where you gotta check yourself They be gettin tips from snitches and rival crews Doin them favors so they workin for the drug dealers too Just business enforcers with hate in they holsters Shoot you in the back, won't face you like a soldier Kurt Loder asked me what I say to a dead cop's wife Cops kill my people everyday, that's life [Chorus] - repeat through final interlude [Final Interlude] September 11, 2001 Terrorists attack the Pentagon and the World Trade Center Kills thousand and permanently scars America's false sense of security We see the best examples of humanity in the face of the worst As fire fighters, police officers, rescue workers and volunteers of all sorts, fight to save lives The world will never be the same again [Verse Three] My heart go out to everybody at Ground Zero Red, black, yellow, white and brown heroes It's more complicated than black and white To give your own life is the greatest sacrifice But it's hard for me to walk down the block Seeing rats and roaches, crack viles and 40 ounce posters People broken down from years of oppression Become patriots when they way of life is threatened It's a hard conversation to have We lost kids, moms and dads, people ready to fight for the flag Damn, when did shit get this bad? America kill the innocent too, the cycle of violence is sad Damn! Welcome to the world, we here We've been at, war for years but it's much more clear (yeah) We got to face what lies ahead Fight for our truth and freedom and, ride for the dead [Chorus] - repeat to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Res Album: Quality Song: Where Do We Go Typed by: NCNX114@aol.com [Chorus: Res - repeat 2X] Where do we go? What do we say? What do we do?  Nowhere to turn, nowhere to run and there's nothin new  Where do we go for inspiration?  It's like pain is our only inspiration [Talib Kweli] Yea, I see a place where little boys and girls  Are shells in the oceans not knowin they a pearl No one to hold 'em while they growin They livin' moment to moment without a care in the whole world Now, if I could help it I tell it just like it is And I may say some things that you don't like to hear I know this: that people lie, people kneel People die, people heal, people steal, and people shed tears What's real, blood spills, gun kill, the sun still - rise Above me, trust me, it must be, morning - time Wake up, the stakes up Everybody want the cake up, to break up with the crew But when the karma come back for what you do It's too late to make up - some excuse [Talib Kweli] I come from people who stronger than time and space  Wherever there's competition you gonna find the race  I find a place in my heart for this hip-hop  And pump blood through my vein my skin get hot  I take you very serious and make you write more  If I don't celebrate I got nothing to fight for I'm tight raw, excite y'all like nightfall I'm tight y'all, I walk the street like y'all About action, talk is cheap, right y'all? You start yappin' think about the beef you might cause The trouble you could get into You don't study, you not prepared and cats is testin you What you gonna do when you gotta face The manifestation of the words that you put in space  They already there you cant take 'em out  The studio gangsta inside you tryin' to break out [Talib Kweli] Yea, I see a place where little boys and girls  Are shells in the oceans not knowin they a pearl No one to hold 'em while they growin They livin' moment to moment without a care in the whole world Now, if I could help it I tell it just like it is And I may say some things that you don't like to hear I know this: that people lie, people kneel People die, people heal, people steal, and people shed tears What's real, blood spills, gun kill, the sun still - rise Above me, trust me, it must be, morning - time Wake up, the stakes up Everybody want the cake up, to break up with the crew But when the karma come back for what you do It's too late to make up - some excuse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Quality Song: Stand to the Side Typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com [Kweli] Go right to left, left to right Middle passage connection Yeah, about to build Tell you which way to go [Both] We go right to left, left to right If you fight to the death, what's left to fight X4 Yo, here we go [Kweli] I wanna write away I wanna write here I wanna write brave words to fight fear Write dreams and nightmares Might scare the folks stuck in the day But nothing to say, Well I'm way ahead by light years So beware we keep the lights on I wanna write the songs from right to wrong Right on Riding the light so you see in the dark So deep you gotta be still like your beating heart My words apply the pressure to make the bleeding stop See the art, living right, eating smart I wanna right to life, a right to death Police read your rights from right to left But I never write to remain silent I fight through police line Cops walk the beat that I write to I teach minds, write rhymes with the right sound Right now, journalists write up I write down [Both] :Chorus Party people put a hand in the sky Grab a cloud and squeeze til no man is dry We wet it up, go ask the people if they plannin to die Can't stay to live, consumers is plannin to buy Smoke death operators is standing by They take you order for the slaughter of the family why Do they make it so hard for a man to provide You better get wit it, or {stand to the side X7} [Vinia Mojica] And the story line goes on Right to left, who's right who's wrong Fuck the politics and pride I just to try to stay alive To witness where the battle lines are drawn Speak my mind and sing my song I'm passin on the moral y'all This is ain't play True, you got to know the way It's hard now Open eyes See hopeful lives Sing it now [Kweli] Making my way through life Talking to elders and taking advice Ignoring their words and paying the price Living in the world where false preachers got us praying to christ Get with the young girls in the choir and laying the pipe No control of our soul we all wait at the light So comfortable they we hating to fight to make it right Late at night I'm controlled by the DJ on the mic I love hip-hop and every joint he playing is tight A day in the life is a brick in the foundation of like A maze in Egypt amazing when I'm creating a sight For the world to behold and the story to last So one day ghetto children can visit their glorious past After Pac and Notorious past what do we have Niggas worth more when they dead, it's so sad Started with the slavery we finish the plan But I broke the cycle, and became a man [Both] : Chorus [Kweli] Come on, I got my man Savion in the house We about to put it down Here we go  > The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Quality Song: Good to You Typed by: rangero2@yahoo.com [Kweli] + (woman's Voice) Yea (yeaaah) Come on Uhh Yeah Kweli [Bridge] Yo Yo Ayo my silent moments, loud as the crack of thunder My hunger is like the crocodile that attacks the hunter It ain't commercial or underground, its true cause I (wanna be good to you) Call it skill, call it game, call it glow, call my name Like the lord, all in vein, screaming like you all in pain Treat it like a drug, all up in ya vain cause (wanna be good to you) [Verse 1] We make the squares dance, and get the do like dotsey  Y'all niggaz roll with pussy-cats like Josey All spoiled rotten like ghetto groceries yo I clutch the mic like ya grandma clutch her rosary yo Swooping the industry, like a bird to prey My stance has got stamina, ya verses lack vertebrae  I heard them say I was a conscious rapper But I'm a monster when I hafta smack the shit out of a nonsense actor Using my 'hands solo' and I don't need chewy Over your head like Yamakas and Koofies yo Fuck the screen gems y'all niggaz act in B movies Type of niggaz proud to be groupies Followers in the herd running over the cliff I'm the +Buffalo Soldier+, smoke ya like a dread like rasta blowing the spliff, loading a clip to spit high  Like you holding blow in a stolen whip, rolling the strip Looking to hit cops, now that's a 4 alarm Black queen falling on my arms, you could call it charm Mater fact call it what you want, its up to you bro (wanna be good to you) Yea Yea  Yea Chorus (1x) [Verse 2] How many niggaz ever been in love' How many niggaz really think they thugs And can't think without the drink and drugs How many niggaz can't get in with hats and sneakers on Say 'fuck security' and get inside and keep them on How many niggaz think that gats make the weaker strong Can't do for self and wanna snatch the plate you eating on That don't take heart, slave, nigga play ya part I'd rather jump over board nigga, face the sharks We stay doing it, later for the conversation Hammers is cocked and waiting, niggaz is not debating We ain't got the patience You found popping shit  Come in to town just to run you down like poppa ditch  And dig a proper ditch, you lying like a politician  Your proposition meets opposition like contradictions  Get out my house, you ain't no real representative I make it happen, you ain't official, you tentative Niggaz is sensitive, see how they catching feelings It's so hot, the sweat rise and it wet the ceiling Barracuda, Spitkicker nigga that's the crew (wanna be good to you) [Breakdown] Whoo! (yeaahh) Come on Yeah Low ride  Yo Yo Yo [Verse 3] Niggaz be claiming shit, find a gangsta movie, put they name in it, biting like there ain't no shame in it You the hardest on the beat, I'm the fire that you playing with You a artist from the street, I'll give you the blood to paint it with So yeah I'm positive, I'm positive I'm the best Spit bullets to split ya vest and deposit them in ya chest Dark is the flesh on my bones, calling Brooklyn home Hang up on niggaz like 'I want you to meet my nigga tone, word Leave me alone like Michael Jackson  Or there will be more than butterflies in your stomach waiting to see what happens You see me out, know that my crew is flawless So called gangstas need more security than the Rawkus office Yo, I thought you bust ya gun You just a big joke, thinking you a Big Pun Yo, Kayne this is the big one (wanna be good to you) me and my niggaz having big fun Bridge (1x) Chorus (1x) Come on,  BK and  BX and  Q boro and  Manhattan and  Harlem niggaz and  Long Island Wanna be good to you you you come on! (wanna be good to you) The whole world rocking Yo the whole world rocking  Ayo uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Kendra Ross Album: Quality Song: Won't You Stay Typed by: ekolk_@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah ... this is the best part of the trip Hold on to something, hold on to something We about to take the road less travelled You ain't gotta go home, but you can't stay here Let's go [Kendra Ross] (Talib Kweli) I get lonelier each time You go away I lose my mind I lay awake til you come and make things right (yeah yeah) I get lonelier each time you go away (cmon) So baby won't you stay with me tonight? (yeah) [Talib Kweli] Check it out There's this lady I'm in love with (yes there is) Living inside this woman unknown But she's scared to let it show I know it sound like some bug shit (yeah it do) It's just she come with Hang-ups and Insecurities they gotta go She always nervous around me But see this lady inside She's ready to be my baby tonight And ever since this lady found me This woman think I'm dangerous And ain't ready to put her safety aside I try to tell her that I got her back And no matter where we at In our lives I'll treat her like she my girl I asked her "What's wrong with dat?" (What's wrong with dat?) She like "It just ain't right There's so many more women and men in the world" I have to admit the girl got a point (true) Maybe my ambition's made to make me want something I just can't have So now it's time for me to blow this joint I still know I'm in love I just stay focused And true to my path Word [Kendra Ross] (Talib Kweli) I get lonelier each time You go away I lose my mind I lay awake til you come and make things right (yeah yeah) I get lonelier each time you go away (uhh) So baby won't you stay with me tonight? (yeah yeah) [Talib Kweli] I got to get away Ladies you ever felt growing away By your man Asking "Baby, won't you stay?" He chilling with his crew He should be building with you He got you feeling the blues Cause the children to glue He willing to do Whatever it takes To save 'em From a fate he can't see when he misbehaving Brave men don't let they ladies Raise they children theyself You're so busy trying to save 'em That you you're killing yourself With the Stress and strife And the fights and the advice From the ladies of the night Who can't run they own life Up in your air Nothing is fair Why do you care? Why do you always take it there? The crying, the tears You ain't prepared for the jewels That I'm trying to share Flying there Dying inside Hot in the fear The writing is clear On the wall For you to read the sign Ayo the fine is the way we design To be fine But still ... [Kendra Ross] I get lonelier each time (I get so lonely) You go away I lose my mind I lay awake til you come and make things right (mmmmmmm .. make it right, make it right, make it right) I get lonelier each time you go away (la la la la la la la laaaa) So baby won't you stay with me tonight? [Talib Kweli] Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta, Gotta Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go Gotta, Gotta Yo You can tell when people wanna spend they life together Despite the weather They treat each other like a treasure Can't fight forever You got to give it up I ain't got a lot of time We got to live it up I make my music like I make my love People use it like they take they drugs In the morning When they waking up This music got me out late but I holla at you when I'm done Don't stay up Will love play with us? It sting like paper cuts Doused in alcohol But if it's real They ain't no greater rush I got faith in us It's only you who really know me I be surrounded by people And still feel lonely [Kendra Ross] So baby won't you stay (why won't you stay?) Baby won't you stay? (why won't you stay?) Baby won't you stay with me tonight? (ohhhhh) Stay with me tonight Stay with me tonight Ohhhhh Cmon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Styles Album: The Beautiful Mix CD Song: Buck 'Em Down Freestyle Typed by: liquidswordsrjp@yahoo.com [Verse One: Styles] You should take the cross off your neck and pray to Jesus I'm breakin' every rapper up like eighty pieces I done sat in the cell and stared at the wall And I'm swearin' to God I air all y'all I live by the sword or the pistols Summertime I'm outside with niggaz with pitbulls I don't smoke the haze if it ain't got the crystals Look in my eyes you can tell I would lift you I'm in the DB nine when I'm comin' to get you I'm with my Arab man and he holdin' the missiles I'm sayin' fuck all y'all If you don't understand let me make it real clear I'm sayin' what to all y'all No more videos or them silly hos ridin' on y'all dick when I cut all y'all The game too pussy I think it need change I wanna see the barrel flame 'til they brains get mushy East Coast Ghost Ain't no other rapper in the game that you know that plays the streets so close Still bring pain Fire more shots than y'all motherfuckers do in that Max Payne game Anybody front I'm knockin' 'em out D blockin' 'em out That mean I'ma snatch his chain [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] Ain't nobody fuckin' with Kweli And the rock with a real name like a Styles P Represent the L.O.X Big up to all the massive rude boy on deck Niggaz yellin' out what the blood clot, lick enough shots Finna bust a flow like buckshot What's up Franklin Avenue? These Brooklyn niggaz runnin' wild through the jungle like caribou Rap immaculate I spit fire that will get tobacco lit faster than the rider on the chariot Old school and cooler than the river watered downstream Hit the block hotter than them grits poured in Al Green The cops flashin' the lights, passin' them bikes Ask for ya rights and they beat you like The Passion Of Christ They got a sicker fetish for violence than Mel Gibson We inject it in our system through direct television The way I'm spittin' Heaven through the Hell we living It's like fate is a fakery style you can tell it's written It's like a jail when you're sittin' in a cell or prison With destiny comin' in the form of some mail or a visit Yea opportunity's knockin' Like the beat, cuz I got Pete Rock and Beatminerz in my hemoglobin Premier Show and Diamond D Listen here we about to flip it on the track like nine to three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Common, Consequence, Kanye West Album: The Beautiful Mix CD Song: Wack Niggas Typed by: thelo@cox.net [Somebody Talking] Yeah Yo...let me, let me, let me, let me tell you why - why This nigga...why we dedicated this song to this kind of nigga Cuz number one, duke is drivin' in the motherfuckin' projects With a - with a Sebring, and with - with a rag off Y'na'mean? Y-you not ballin' like that play-boy Straight up, then the bitch you got playin' shotgun Like, I used to serve that bitch, c'mon Really really good, I mean and you gotta shirt and tie You wack as nigga.. [Common] Wack niggas...I don't even like to be around 'em Give 'em dap or pound 'em See 'em out they houndin' dawg Singin' they got tracks for me to get down on Singin' they hot when that shit don't even sound warm Nigga I'm nasty, my style is sound porn The graphic exposin' wack asses I emcee as free as 'Ol Dirty Bastard You think you Catholic tryin' to appeal to the masses The Cassius Clay of rap today Rock a beard like Castaway You couldn't be dope for even half a day We keep it hot like its after May Smoke a nigga then I pass to K [Kanye West] The pastor say we goin' to mass today We have to pray, these niggas is wack 'n' eh I have to say, since Pac passed away Most these niggas don't even deserve a track from me First of all let's get rid of them Louis Vuitton boots And get yo tall ass out that C Class coupe Y'see the whiskAY had them girls feelin' friskAY You was wit mAY (me) she said "Who's the sissAY?" And even if they did wanna get bizzAY Freaky like MissAY and roll the weed up You would roll three blunts and fuck up three blunts Motherfucka you a fuck up of free lunch, dawg Just keep it right thurr like ChingAY Yo girl don't like me how long has shee been gAY Spanish girls tell ya "No hable ingle" And everbody wanna run to me for they singlAY (single) It's funny how these wack niggas need my help Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself Dawg, if I was you I wouldn't feel myself Dawg, if I was you I'd kill myself [HOOK - Kanye West (Singing Voice)] (Wack nigga) Wake up in the morning dawg, and you a (Wack nigga) I'd kill myself if I was that (Wack nigga) Everything you wear and rock, is just (Wack nigga) Even if you flossin' rocks you still (Wack nigga) You can't do it dawg you's a (Wack nigga) Bitin' ass, bitch ass, trick ass (Wack nigga) Even your daughter says "My daddy's a - " (Wack nigga - You wack nigga!) [Consequence] You know you wack when ya dawgs tell you That's how you know ya flow is weak Cuz you only got them there to 'Say Yes' like Floetry The clique that I oversee ain't impressed by ya poetry You're the place you're supposed to be You ain't ain't comin' close to me It ain't that you underrated It's more thatn you're under dated And mediocre at best is all the hoes you've ever dated For all your guest appearances You couldn't get the clearances For them it's just a check they don't respect you as a lyricist Look at what ya lyrics is, Murder, Death, Kill But you never shot nothin', never have, never will Better add on to ya skills before you join this round robin Of super emcees that'll add to ya problems [Talib Kweli] In the beginnin', God created man in his own image I'm 'bout to tell you how the story gon' finish Kweli handle his business niggas don't forget it Cuz a wiseman can shoose to get ignorant with it Na'mean - you all can get it I'm conisdered the nicest The way I spit it give these niggas all identity crisis All day talkin' that shit like you hold a gat, right? The trip you on must be short cuz you pack light - act right You got it twisted tellin' niggas that you pack heat You ain't gunning now you runnin' like an athlete You ballas need to quit rhymin' like Allen Ive Start speakin' New ?Wopian? and followin' Malachi Oh, anything would rhyme, you need to sell drugs for real Instead of on the radio, you'd be dead or in jail All these thug niggas wanna rap And all these rap niggas wanna thug And all ya'll fuckin' the game up It's time to change up, my lyrics rip ya frame up Askin' if I'm nice like fuckin' with a chick Who don't give head - that's a no-brainer Niggas back bangers you don't even know the names of I'ma bout to meet my quota you about to meet ya Saviour You wack nigga, you about to get shot Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got Not that I'm wylin' or even promote violence It's just you're fuckin' up my high, can a nigga smoke in silence?! [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Jean Grae Album: The Beautiful Mix CD Song: Phoenix Typed by: ThaLoSes@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Dave Chapelle as RICK JAMES] That's right bitches.. It's the beautiful mixtape Look this shit is beautiful, it's one of the best mixtapes You'll ever hear in your life One of the baddes muthafuckin' Funkiest muthafuckin' mixtapes, ever.. I said it... that's right bitches Talib Kweli You're now rockin' with the best, the best! [TALIB KWELI] Yeah When I was a young man I had stars in my eyes Time is wrinkled like the hands of the elders that love us I find a window to watch the path like ghetto grandmothers They says eyes is the windows to ya soul So I open the the blind to feel the breeze blowin' in from the winter chain Surround myself with images of bravery Cuz the soul of my people bared witness to slavery I seen the inside of my heart it get dark Like the flesh of my bone And heavy like the breath of this poem Plus, I seen lands so dry the trees cry Tears fallin' like it's autumn the leaves die Pre-packaged futures freeze dried, cross me by The body count in the streets is knee high Plus, I seen pubbles so deep the puddles speak Ripe with stories that leap from the cluttered street Blood'll be beet-red runnin' through the gutters cuz heat The currency that we exchange with folks who tryin' to eat I cried in my sleep, seen trains speedin' down the tracks of my tears Runnin' down the face of the Earth, c'mon I see it in the space that was the place of my birth I play eye tag with death - she's such a flirt That's some scary shit, I put it all in my music Real loud makin' a scene if I seen it I use it, yeah Beautiful strugglin' 'n' so I'm used to the bubblin' What I be utterin' so hot it got the homeless people huddlin' Haters mutterin' under breath, who ain't the best? See the scavengers 'n' vultures pickin' at what's left I rise from the ashes like a phoenix - believe it Flow brand new like a fetus - believe it Mean what I say if I say it, I mean it I lived it, I breathed it, believe me, I seen it [JEAN GRAE] Man I pray ya'll passionate I swing out like a little leaguer on a Sunday ignorin' the Catholics Rebel rap with a spine plated metal back I never fold medal gold with a vaultin' pole Nigger I'm better known as light let me shine on you Mind confident rhyme dominant lines constant Caramello color hella mellow The fellows run up 'n' "Hello" Hella sorrow when I tell 'em taken "Holla" I got that horrow vision, they say I'm masochistic I don't think it's crazy they call me shady I'm flattered, get it? My image is sick I'm in need of amedic I should get a permanent residence in hospital bed it's THe way I freak shit, you meek like that old rapper chick I smack an actor in a wall 'til his back's in the brick I rig 'em all with the mind basement 'n' trapdoors It's me I'll clap the survivors until I see some rigormortis I seen the forest through the trees But only because I cut off all the leaves And left 'em blowin' off into the breeze That I create whenever I speak I'm cheap fuck it, I need to win something Before I kick this rap bucket in Fuck it again, fuck you if this hasn't struck you As a genius stickin' out like a bucktooth I'm couth, yes I know it mostly regarded as pottymouth Dirty like the city ground you on when the shotties come out I'm witty plust I'm incredibly diligent Dream of the president mac-millied I'm militant I go along like a Philly bed I pity you SIlly fool I know ain't nobody really feelin' you (*Gunshots*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Michelle Williams Album: The Beautiful Mixtape Song: Lonely People Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Hook: The Beatles sample (Michelle Williams)] All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong? I look at all the lonely people (I look at all the lonely people) I look at all the lonely people (I look at all the lonely people) I look at all the lonely people (yeah) I look at all the lonely people [Intro: Talib Kweli *over hook*] Yeah I like to go out to clubs Las Palmas, you know She this envy if I wanna get grimey wit' it at Bungalow Eight Opium down in Miami But when I walk in, I look around and I think.. [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] Yo, I'm headin' out, 'bout to do some flesh and now I know my flesh endowed with somethin' to prove I'm settin' out on a trip to Heaven's mile Yeah, I'm steppin' out in the name of love Who knew the Devil could slow dance? We have pathological romances with technological advance Infatuated with infatuation and Intellectual masturbation with premature ejaculation Make a baby mama's all bastardization and Lonely people all through the city They club hoppin' and they love shoppin' and they thug posturin' Thugs be lockin' horns with Crips on them drug blocks And them dollars flow right out of the 'hood When you tryin' to make paper out of the wood You know that money don't grow on trees For paper people change colors like leaves And they fall off in the mud like a filthy pig Makin' you and your dogs who store all call off That much deserved ass whippin' He snitchin', he twitchin', he bitchin', he all soft Never work with his hands Little kid on the block who always ran At all costs, gotta be in the club Lookin' for happiness or the meaning of love Then it hit him, out the blue like a vision All of a sudden he don't like the way he been livin' And wanna be forgiven How I know? Cuz I'm right there wit' him Yo, yo [Hook: The Beatles sample (Michelle Williams)] All the lonely people, where do they all come from? (oh) All the lonely people, where do they all belong? (oh) I look at all the lonely people (I look at all the lonely people) I look at all the lonely people (oh I look at all) [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Tattoos tell 'em who you are Plastic Surgery coup d'etat the God Uh, lasers to remove the scar And then you are, you a supastar, supastar It's your birthday and you in the club Talkin' "Holla back" and "Nigga what" So much cleavage and asscrack If pussy were a stock it would plummet on the Nasdaq Blank stares like nobody care In a room so exclusive nobody there But really, truth is that nobody there Cuz it's feelings inside that nobody share I want God to smile on me But see, fame is a drug and you wild on E Celebrities decorated like Christmas trees God complex like they want a Christmas Eve Sing a song to yourself and you stand alone Get nominated for a gold gramophone Walk the red carpet, left your man at home Security snatchin' people camera phones You got rose gold yellow bottles, pink Cashmere So ahead of the trend, that's so last year Last month, last day, last hour, last minute Your pursuit of crew is so passionate Doin for the cash in it, laugh in his face If it's def or anybody who don't stay in his place So popular can't go no where, folks stoppin' ya Might want to check a thermometer When you go to a movie heat rises Surrounded by people still lonely, that's why you need disguises Probably [Hook: The Beatles sample (Michelle Williams)] All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong? I look at all the lonely people (I look at all the lonely people) I look at all the lonely people (yeah) {*Michelle Williams harmonizes with the beat*} [Hook: The Beatles sample (Michelle Williams)] All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong? I look at all the lonely people The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Going Hard Typed by: ApNoYnAmEdRoY@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} (Hook) I got a part to play, we going hard these days Fuck the harder way, we doing it the harder way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today I say the shit these people ain't got the heart to say Fuck the harder way, we doing it the smarter way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today (1st Verse) You say you never scared there's kids in other countries Making jerseys, jeans, and sneakers they could never wear Parents never there, they're busy building homes they can't afford to buy Cars they can't afford to drive Working jobs that don't support their life You busy screaming gangsta, gangsta all that talk is trife You already know lost the fight if you don't know the cost of life These kids is forced to fight a war they can't outrun Ain't got no shoes but got a gun Now where the fuck he pulled that out from? People ask me how we wearing diamonds When there's little kids in Sierra Leone Losing arms for crying while they mining Probably an orphan who's momma died of AIDS He built a coffin working often but he never paid Forever slaving in the world that's forever cold Becoming the man of the house at 11 years old This reality rap, I get inside the mentality that... Terrorize you like a cowardly act (Hook) I got a part to play, we going hard these days Fuck the harder way, we doing it the harder way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today I say the shit these people ain't got the heart to say Fuck the harder way, we doing it the smarter way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today (2nd Verse) I was sold to a sick European by a rich African battlin' Middle Passages, I can't go back again Battlin' years of denied history, lies and mysteries Wives with misty eyes watchin' their husbands be beaten viciously Battle in the wilderness of North America Run by the river, only stoppin' to pray chased by predators Terrorists with etiquette who vote and kill their president Their capacity for evil so evident and prevalent Ain't no hesitation involved, a nation dissolved While we sit back waitin' to evolve Those who would trade in their freedom For their protection deserve neither Not a name, not tradition Religion, you learn Jesus Turn the other cheek Inherit the Earth, just stay meek Fuck the way you speak Try to run, we chop off your feet Fast forward to 2004 we selling Yo this ain't what I'm settling for I want more, yo (Hook) I got a part to play, we going hard these days Fuck the harder way, we doing it the harder way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today I say the shit these people ain't got the heart to say Fuck the harder way, we doing it the smarter way To my god I pray, that's how I start my day The bullets starts to spray the revolution starts today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Hi-Tek Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Back Up Offa Me Typed by: sion650@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Kweli) Whoa, yeah, yeah When you doing you, and you real fly with it It's like niggaz always wanna check you, know what I'm saying? Always wanna make sure you keeping it real, keeping it real Nigga, nigga do you (Hook) (Hi-Tek) Back up offa me, back up offa me (Kweli) Won't you get out my face, better stay in your place I'm fed up, how much can I take Yo, you need to just (Hi-Tek) Back up offa me, back up offa me (Kweli) I got money to make, not a minute to waste I need space when I try to create Yo, you need to just (Hi-Tek) Back up offa me (see me in the Cut') Back up offa me (trying to roll up) Back up offa me (or we can roll up) Back up offa me (ay, yo, motherfucker, hold up) (Verse 1) (Kweli) Ton', what is this? I know he ain't talking, this is grown-man business Be your own man, stand on your own feet I thought we was homies But you comin' at me like you don't know me You think you do, but your probably wrong Arms around you buy more babies than Ashanti songs, oh baby I know you don't get it Try to walk in my shoes, I know you won't fit it Just 'cause I know you and your flow, too There's more to it, you won't get it, I don't owe you You want Hi-Tek to do a record for you So niggaz is checking for you Cut the bull, 'cause niggaz get respected for you Get your own respect dude, that ain't mean and evil Ain't no crutches in my crew My crew a crew of equals (yup) Shit was cool when we was teenagers, we grown men You my my people, but I don't need you moanin' and groanin' I can't feed you, I already got kids Now a nigga tries to rig relationships that not his I ain't trying to sign, I'm just an artist, nigga I'm just trying to rhyme and go the hardest, nigga (Hook) (Verse 2) (Kweli) Radio suckers never play me 'cause I don't let them They like a pimp when they ho's sweat them When I do a show, I love to catch the lady's eye Dazzi(?) papparazzi, I don't wanna see no lady die Sports entertainment, acadaemics, business, or politics The fine ho's swallow dicks for dollars quick Young broads all up in gangs like the Young Lords Jump forward, statutory rape, now you done for What, you thought that shorty 'bout to act a rage Right now, somebody's daughter is backstage It's a master-slave relationship, and guess who Toby It's the white girl in Colorado, and guess who Kobe Tried to tell you not to fuck with these debutantes That's more Kobe beef than Japanese restuarants Don't need diseases or cases, trying to catch nothing And when they thowing pussy, best believe you catching something Say "hi" to Tek (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Pharrell Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Broken Glass Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Pharrell] Kweli!!! [T. Kweli] Yeah! They wasn't expecting this! that's why ya [Pharrell] Hahaha [T. Kweli] Gotta hope for the best and play 'em for the worst, c'mon! [Pharrell] Muhfuckers is history! [T. Kweli] C'mon!! [Verse - Talib Kweli] This the story of - Lucy In The Sky Wit Diamonds Ask her why she crying, she wanna live, she got no time for dying Was a science, dreams too big for a small town She gotta get to New York and watch a door fall down Hopped off the Greyhound, gotta make her way now She sleeping on the park benches in the playground But cash burn quick, don't wanna have to turn trick Ready to quit 'til she met the super pimp Flashing his toothy smile that drove little Lucy wild She quick to hop up on his dick straight Hoopie style She let the fella hit but she sang she sell-a-bit [celebate] He ain't buying that, she ain't selling it She looking for love in all of the above Believing videos, trying to back up all on a thug Who wanna - put it in her, withdraw like a Citi card But now she shake that ass for tips at the titty bar [Chorus - Talib Kweli] (Pharrell) Broken glass - everywhere! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air (IT'S LOUDER!!) Try to hold back your tears baby! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Wait a second, what happens here baby? (IT'S LOUDER!!) Broken glass - everywhere! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air, yeah (How many of y'all think you can do what we do?!) Yeah! Wait a second (One! Two! Three! C'mon!) [Verse - Talib Kweli] Dreams shattered like broken glass Press ignore it and your hopes get broken fast You complain for the life you supposed to have But when you try to make plans God is known to laugh Throw a song on the phonograph, and Lucy start wilin The trick start smiling, watch the loot start flying The Gucci start pilling up, she live designer plush Start lining up the coke so she could find a rush Time's up, she's about to turn 33 Her shit started to sag, she got surgery Now cats are used to drive past her like a Church van Acting on thirst, 'She Wants To Move' like a N.E.R.D. fan Bigger house, 10,000 dollar purse fam She let you in, she wanted rent by the 1st man She the ring leader in a clique of birds And they shadowy, like the silhouette behind the curtain [Verse - Talib Kweli] She was a small city girl with big city dreams Niggaz try to figure how to get up in them jeans Put her in them scenes, get her on the team Hit her wit the cream 'til they figured out the schemes Now she all up in the club looking for a new love Really like Huey Lewis looking for a new drug Cause coke's getting old, started free basing Graduated to crack, smack on occasion Not catching the bus, but back at the station Back and forth pacing, acting all impatient Last hundred dollars, she got to 'Get By' Now gotta make a choice, go home or get high Mommy and daddy miss her, she left for the fame Now what's left is the dirt that's thrown on her name She need a ticket home if it's the right course Instead she bought a ticket to ride the white horse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Faith Evans Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: We Know Typed by: ApNoYnAmEdRoY@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} (Intro) [Talib Kweli] Hey Y'all I feel good right? (mmm...hmmm...) Yeah, ok, uhh.. Now what that make me talk about? Love, love, love, love...(echoes) Yeah, that's what the world need, ha Yo, that's what your girl need All right, we gon' put it down like this I'll tell you about myself (1st Verse) [Talib Kweli] My name is Kweli and I love to spit it homie I rap about love and life, ladies get to know me If you feelin' lonely, I can be your one and only I put it out in the world, so people show me... love (echoes) Yeah, I always get it back This ain't no pimp game here, that's a different track We talkin' this and that, we need to get with this I keep it realer than most, this is our business (Chorus) [Faith Evans] What we gotta do to make them see We got a good thing going on Wanna tell the world if they don't know That what we have is real Wanna shout it from the mountains baby That I love you, but if they don't hear me I know, you know, we know (2nd Verse) [Talib Kweli] Heheh, yeah.. Yo, hey baby look like you need a break tonight Let me make it right, baby won't you stay the night I got a lot of love as you know you're my favorite right? Hey my lady, what we gon' make tonight (our love...) That's the dream, but I never sleep Across the crowded room, our eyes forever meet But without doubt and gloom, cuz we can never be That's why I got to go, cuz you're my impossible love Your the horizon I can see but never ride off into I write my lyrics to you, you the perfect instrumental I sound better than the cat who rappin' to you now That's between me and you, what happened to us now? Got you hopin' for the glorious Waitin' for that victorious feelin' wanted by all of us Kneelin' and praying that the lord in us will help us love ourselves So much that the confidence attract to someone else (Chorus) [Faith Evans] What we gotta do to make them see We got a good thing going on Wanna tell the world if they don't know That what we have is real Wanna shout it from the mountains baby That I love you, but if they don't hear me I know, you know, we know (3rd Verse) [Talib Kweli] Yo, Rockin' Los Angeles, House of Blues in Sunset Performin' like an orgasm, my girl ain't even cum yet Seen her by the side of the stage givin' me energy Potentially, wife material connectin' mentally I felt like heaven sent for me, you're meant for me The doubters and the haters had to acknowledge eventually You was a non-believer too if memory serves And a heart that gives shit, tryin' to play your boy for the her The harder that I run to you, the farther you become It's like my heart was part of some movie that hadn't yet begun This woman moves me and I'm a mountain of a man You pull me in like the waves do the grain of sand (love, love, love...) Yeah, I love the way you bring it to me I wrote a song for you, I love to hear you to sing it for me And let the melody carry me through the jealousy And we can cruise like Tom and Phenelope (Chorus) [Faith Evans] What we gotta do to make them see We got a good thing going on Wanna tell the world if they don't know That what we have is real Wanna shout it from the mountains baby That I love you, but if they don't hear me I know, you know, we know (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: A Game Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@aol.com [Intro - Talib Kweli] 7-18 stand up (c'mon) Talib Kweli, BK MC Turn it up (yeah) We 'bout to drop it low Baby I got the flow (yeah) to work your abdominal (I'm goin in) It's the lava flow (yeah) strictly A game Rock it fast, rock it slow (whoa) You got to rock it fast, rock it slow (whoa, whoa) Rock it fast, rock it slow (c'mon, yeah) You gon' rock it fast, rock it slow (whoa, whoa, yeah, yeah!) [Talib Kweli] Black rock and roll, black hotter flow At the end of the black brick road, lets get it goin yo Geffen don't fuck the shit up, ship it gold So I could sell like the whole Jigga back catalo' Matta fact I'm tryin to sell out, concerts and merch' fam Always get the story straight accounts first hand (yeah) That nigga, the crack spitter, the black fitted low Give you that bit of information so You could know what you see when it's your time to go The diamond flow cut glass, crack binary code You're kinda slow, you need a new career (yeah) You're kinda old, you need to hang the mic up on the wall like a souvenir Don't blame the mangers, "Be All You Can Be" Join the Army like Canibus, niggaz avoidin me like the draft and run to Canada, flash like a camera That's when his girl asked me to dance with her - so we gon' (Hop to the beat and then stop) Yeah, drop it low Baby I got the flow to work your abdominal (Ladies I know I get hot) Like lava flow Strictly the A game, rock it fast, rock it slow (Hop to the beat and then stop) Yeah, drop it low Baby I got the flow to work your abdominal (Ladies I know I get hot) Like lava flow Strictly the A game, drop it fast [Talib Kweli] That's how we do it all the way live.. I put it down so hard that I developed a rep (c'mon) From the punchlines to cave in your delicate chest The fella can test, let's see how jealousy get I smell the fear in the air and I could tell he was pet' Kweli - look in my eyes and you could tell I'm a threat I wet my throat and get bent like a pelican's neck I make a gentleman's bet with my ghetto connect And got a .9 in my mind you can't metal detect I pull it out, put it to your head and shoot from the hip I fired 13 shots and left 2 in the clip (yeah) I spit the truth, that's it, I'm not confused one bit (c'mon) I'm so New York City streets that I'm abusin your whip Cruisin the strip, sunny day sky blue like a Crip (c'mon) For the rush hour Enuff threw this in the mix Quarter to six, Amadeus is producin the hits (oh, oh, oh) To get a screw loose in your chick, son she losin her shit (whoa) [Interlude - 4x] Check me out, yeah, yeah, yeah Get your ass up on the dance floor No we don't stop, when we in the dance off Baby girl whatchu wanna get into? I wanna get in too, bring your friends too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Mary J. Blige Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: I Try * Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com * first single; send corrections to the typist [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yeah New Talib Kweli Yeah, you know what it is Come on, come on, yeah Hey yo *repeats* [Hook: Mary J. Blige] I try, I try (that's all we can do) I try, you know I try I try, I try (yeah) I try, you know I try [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] K. West! Kweli! Got searched on the plane, Arabic first name Disturbed by the fame just like Kurt Cobain Breath of life, kiss of death, my lips pursed the same You flirt 'til she came Nothin' hurt like the pain and torture Daughters of the dust lookin' for a vein Something to take in vain like the Lord's name Put your hands together, got 'em all sayin' [Hook: Mary J. Blige] I try, I try I try, you know I try I try, I try I try, you know I try [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Yo, it's all ghetto in gear higher, the floor settle More metal for beef that we don't let the law settle I try to navigate the treacherous waters of America's ghettos that set up the slaughteres But there's more of us Although we speak in different languages We all pretty familiar with what anger is Young and dangerous, ??? Get up on some gangsta shit Guns to bang ya wit' And we put it on records to entertain ya wit' I'm grown with pains way deeper than my receivers Our uniforms is white sneakers and white T-shirts On top of wife beaters We like to light reefers The 'hood need us for rappers, just ain't the right leaders I put a lot into it This is my product and I gotta move it Stop the industry but you can't stop the music [Interlude: Mary J. Blige] An upside down kingdom where life is just not fair (upside down kingdom) Some many sufferin' cuz deep inside they're scared (so scared) Fear pumped into their veins to keep them from their destiny Where would they be if you and I don't care? [Hook: Mary J. Blige] I try, I try, you know I try I try, I try, I try, you know I try [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Yo, the things I'm seein' on the news is insane A stock broker shoot his kid and throw himself in front of a train A mother leave her baby home for two weeks all by himself Three years old, eatin' ketchup and mustard, cryin for help Tryin' to bring your struggle to life The label want a song about a bubbly life I have trouble tryin' to write some shit To BANG in the club through the night When people suffer tonight Lord knows I try [Hook: Mary J. Blige] I try, I try, I try, you know I try I try, I try, I try, you know I try [Interlude: Talib Kweli] Life is a beautiful struggle People search through the rubble for a suitable hustle Some people usin' the noodle, some people usin' the muscle Some people put it all together, make it fit like a puzzle Come on, say it now Life is a beautiful struggle People search through the rubble for a suitable hustle Some people usin' the noodle, some people usin' the muscle Some people put it all together, yeah [Outro: Mary J. Blige] I try, I try, you know I try I try, oh Lord I try Everyday I {*Mary J. Bliges harmonizes with the beat*} Upside down kingdom Oh, they're so scared Everyday on the news we can't look around with something somewhere I try, I try, you know I try I try, I try, I try, you know I try Lord knows, Lord knows we try Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ John Legend Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Around My Way Typed by: ApNoYnAmEdRoY@yahoo.com {with help from liner notes} (Chorus) Around my way... Around my way... All the corners filled with sorrow All the streets are filled with pain Around my way... Around my way... Around my way... All the corners filled with sorrow All the streets are filled with pain Around my way... (1st Verse) People let me paint a picture You know I ain't a christian I ain't a muslim, ain't a jew I'm losing my religion I speak to god directly I know my god respect me Cause he let me breathe his air and he really blessed me I ain't knocking you, but I don't fuck with hospitals Spit the gospel, truly knowing jesus like apostles do Return like the prodigal son to honor Mohammed too Stay away from ham like Abraham, Lord'll follow you Even when you took my man Chaka God and what I'm a do You gave the hood a modern day martyr in Brother Amadou I'm on the block, I'm tracing your footsteps, I keep the faith in you Your love, plus hard work and ambition We gonna make it through, my songs is psalms I'm spiritual when I'm lyrical This is for my soldier niggaz looking in the mirror who Sitting home scratching off serials eating cereal The way we find a way to survive, shit is a miracle We got mice in the crib and roaches in the toasters, rice in the fridge Bread in the oven by the roaster We be takin' gypsy cabs and chasin' 50 bags They be laced with shitty swag and it really get me mad The way we saluting flags, wrapping them around our heads when niggaz ain't become American till 9/11 Feeling like you gotta sneak into heaven When the reverend looking like a pimp and the pimp look like the reverend (Chorus) Around my way... Around my way... All the corners filled with sorrow All the streets are filled with pain Around my way... These conditions make us strong And we create our own businesses so later on Our children have things in their name that they can say they own A mix tape freestyle become your favorite song No place like home when the cops ask you about your neighbors Beat on you, threaten to incarcerate you Till you spill your guys like you a Garcia Vega We roll blunts not the papers Cop the greatest take it coast to coast L.A. to Chicago like Smooth Operators Cop the Dro and cop the blacks Cop the four, cock it back Drop the flow, rock a hat on top a stocking cap Be a doctor or a lawyer or make your momma a promise that You'll finish school, but when you got a dream you gotta follow that And make sure when you make it out the hood, you always holler back Think about what you got from that And always put your dollars back On top of that, this is a legacy and we a part of that The hood is where my heart is at Catch me around my way (Chorus) Around my way... Around my way... All the corners filled with sorrow All the streets are filled with hate Around my way... Around my way... Around my way... All the corners filled with sorrow All the streets are filled with pain Around my way... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: We Got the Beat Typed by: shadowangel9@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Talib Kweli] Yeah! Come on! What it is It's the P-l-a-n-e-t R-o-c-k Kweli, BK, se-la-vis You could tell I be hell-a-free like college radio WQHT gonna play me though this hot shit is to fly like the cockpit got spit like a french kiss chicks lock lips coming from the deep black like the Loch Ness now bring apocalypse like the heart of darkness it's like the heart of the artist become a target pop music is the black market recently we witness bizarre shit the war hit the same time as SARS hit terrorists send bombs at the concert the show must go on yo regardless I'm just some hip-hop kid to pop shit and get on some rock shit and start a mosh pit [Hook] Yeah We got the beat to make the planet roooccccckkk (Come on, Come on) Yeah, Come on We got the beat to make the planet rooocccckkkk (Come on, Come on) [Talib KWeli] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We got the planet to rock, Kweli's standing on top I'm like a panther when I answer to cops and bust back before the man get a shot and the blood on their veins run cold like the cannibal lox and bring heat like the blood of the mammal that's hot and keep fighting like the boy with the mechanical heart and watch time count down on the hands of the clock till the hour when the pinnacle start wow, and go fast like the bullet that ran through the dark the hollow tip ripped a man apart, blaow yo these soldiers die in petroleum wars think they fighting for the holliest cause it don't matter if you muslim, hebrew, or you a christian information is the newest religion, is a true way of living ain't no rule to a surpestition stop me with going through with my mission come on man [Hook with minor variations x2] [Talib Kweli] Come on get down, get down, get down, get down go ladies, go, go, go ladies, go, go Come on all my ghetto people stand strong we rocking on and on one for me, now rocking with the best and is Kweli you ain't no MC like me, you just a clone like KFC Come on, B-Boys, B-Girls, we rocking the world [Hook] [Talib rhyming over hook] Don't belive niggaz running the place man everything is dangerous nothing is safe, nigga think you a man with a gun in your waist let the cops disrespect you right in front of your face take it out on your girl, punch her in the face you ain't a thug you a waste of space nigga get out the way, B-boys gonna rock till the break! how much can a planet take (Repeat until end) We got the beat... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Work it Out Typed by: Annanym@web.de [ 1st Verse ] The temperature got tempers flaring people sweat when the weather hot They argue and they fret a lot then set up the plot To whet up the block Wheter or not the blood is red up in the gutter Music is my bread and butter I got a show in Brooklyn cause the ghetto love us Pulled up in Mtulu's truck I'm suited up I'm cool as fuck security tripping on my baseball hat promoter knew what's up Plus Chaps had on some denim shorts and white tee shirt and I told the bouncer they being disrespectful cuz like you we working I ain't a custy or a patron and trust me no one would be paying To come in this crusty ass club if I wasn't playing He's like "I'll put you the fuck out" And when you put your word like that its like third strike black you struck out His man tried to rush me from behind Chaps stuck out a size nine Seen him trip face first into the line Cats is cowards with no spine and they power tripping too The next level is the violence so what y'all niggaz wanna [ Hook ] Work it out We should try to work it out People lie, people cry, people die to work it out  Read the book, pray to god Look inside to work it out We should try to work it out Yo what y'all ladies wanna do Work it out To get fly she work it out People lie, people cry, people die to work it out Read the book, pray to god Look inside to work it out Show the love Lose the hate Work it out Work it out [ 2nd Verse ] Peolpe placed in situations they cant take and what they facing Is the trials and tribulations to make them say the lords forsaken them Their loved ones intervening but they always blaming them For problems they don't realize what they part is in creating them Like men who so insecure think they women cheating on them And women who think the proof that they man love them is they beating on them Keep sleeping on them soon they partner creeping on them Committing crimes of passion they in caskets mother weeping on them With her head in her hands There's only one thing that the dead understand that it's better to be alive Now what you gonna do stick your head in the sand You probably the type to fall for anything and take that instead of a stand Now that's a mouse instead of a man I cherish my role as the head of my fam And on the road I meet incredible fans I rock with singers an a DJ instead of a band we at a theatre near you So what y'all niggaz wanna do [ Hook ] [ 3rd Verse ] Stay civilized when they try to kill my high I try to think through problems Bring honesty to rap like Cam'ron brought the pink to Harlem You could be on the brink to stardom and suddenly you sink to bottom Tell the truth about the war and suddenly you linked Saddam Hate the topic but the closet people get to patriotic Is red bull white vodka mixed with the straight hypnotic Paper prophets sell the revolution so they make a profit Trust they got it fucked up with your taxes started making rockets Take it off the top like politicians speaking proper diction Stuffing dollars in they britches like they do a lotta stripping Got the top position bitching about the quality of life All that bullshit get exposed as soon as Kweli sees the mic They cutting down the tree of life the sun rays is running out The babies ain't eating right so the guns keep coming out See how they play the streets an night slap the taste out your mouth To show you what they work about So what y'all niggaz want to do [ Hook ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Common, Anthony Hamilton Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Ghetto Show Typed by: maaki87@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} (Intro: Talib Kweli) Ghetto to ghetto, backyard to yard We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (come on) Precious metals round our necks and arms (yea) We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods Ghetto to ghetto, backyard to yard We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (come on) Precious metals round our necks and arms (yea) We tear it up y'all, bless the mic with the gods (Hook: Anthony Hamilton) Whatever in your heart is where you want to be My hood is the ghetto Even when you look Its never what you see My hood is the ghetto I've been down before up is just a reach Cause my hood is the ghetto Catch a second wind Then begin again My hood is the ghetto (Verse 1: Common) Black magic in the hood, its tragic but understood Crack addicts, crack windows, crack wood Even whats bad becomes good, status becomes stood Upon the pedestal welcome to the ghetto show Federal buildings, pissy hallways filled with children pushing children Fiends lips peeling, shit seems real and What's real is the estate of mind that we're in The situation feels great My man peels weight, so he can fill plates You might get love but you still feel hate Through and chain plates, we communicate Chicago to brooklyn nigga real ones do relate (Verse 2: Talib Kweli) If lyrics sold then truth be told I'll probably be just as rich and famous as jay-z Truthfully I wanna rhyme like common sense Next best thing I do a record with common sense Cause its the music, its blues, its jazz, its acoustics Soul, rock and roll the hip hop we be producing yea It's the gear, it's the flare, it's the stare Nowadays they'll shot you where they used to shoot the fair Remember the lost soldiers, pour a beer, shoot the air We got our own elected officials, no matter who the mayor I know you know what I'm talking about From New York to the South, take off your shoes when you walk in the house (Hook) (Verse 3: Talib Kweli) Yo I grew up where they're playing skele in the parking lot And sell paintings of Aaliyah, BIG and Pac up in the barbershop Buildings too big so you don't really see the stars a lot But rapping, drinking, and going to prison you see them bars a lot I feel the spirit in the dark and hear it in my heart And always keep my ears to the block till I dearly depart Hip hop is really the art We have to express the part of ourselves that make us want to martyr ourselves It ain't harder to tell when somebody stick you up and put the hammer to you They want them dead presidents like Stickman and Mutulu With a gun to your jaw, these kids don't run anymore Kicks is a hundred or more (Verse 4: Common) A man in front of the store, begging for money and mercy I told him say a prayer under his breath, he cursed me Niggaz is thirsty, I heard it's a drought Up early, serving from their grandmother's house Sometime the ghetto feels desolate, yo the eyes of the hood yo is desperate Effected by the deficit, times and lessons get hard Either get by or get god, but but you try to get by It's like the block keep blocking You try to make moves, its like the car just keep stopping We shorties in the court, need cochran yea I tell them why the weed seeds popping, in the game you need options No time for feet watching, me and kwe keep rocking for the ghetto Hook times 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Jean Grae Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Black Girl Pain Typed by: missdl06@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Talib Kweli] I do it for the people, I do it for the love I do it for the poet, I do it for the thug This is for victory, and this is for the slaughter I do it for my mother, I do it for my daughter Promise I'll always love ya, I love to kiss and hug ya You and your brother should be lookin out for one another I'm so blessed, man, y'all the reason I got up Somebody put his hands on you I'm gettin locked up I'm not playin, that's the prayer I'm sayin for Diani And if I die then she'll be protected by Amani That's her bigger brother and I love the way he love her She a girly-girl, she love to imitate her mother But she a Gemini, so stay on her friendly side She'll put that look on you, it's like somebody' friend just died My pretty black princess smell sweet like that incense That you buy at the bookstore supporting black business Teach her what black is; the fact is her parents are thorough She four reading Cornrows by Camille Yarborough I keep her hair braided, bought her a black Barbie I keep her mind free; she ain't no black zombie This is for Aisha, this is for Kashera This is for Khadijah scared to look up in the mirror I see the picture clearer thru the stain on the frame She got a black girl name, she livin black girl pain This is for Makeba, and for my mamacita What's really good, ma? I'll be your promise-keeper I see the picture clearer thru the stain on the frame She got a black girl name, she livin black girl pain [Hook] My mama said life would be so hard Growin up days as a black girl scarred In so many ways though we've come so far They just know the name they don't know the pain So please hold your heads up high Don't be ashamed of yourself know I Will carry it forth til the day I die They just know the name they don't know the pain black girl [Jean Grae] This is for Beatrice Bertha Benjamin who gave birth to Tsidi Azeeda for Lavender Hill for Kyalisha ALTHLONE, Mitchells Plain, Swazi girls I'm reppin for thee Mannesburg, Guguletu where you'd just be blessed to get thru For beauty shinin thru like the sun at the highest noon From the top of the cable car at Table Mountain; I am you Girls with the skyest blue of eyes and the darkest skin For Cape Colored allied for realizing we're African For all my cousins back home, the strength of mommy's backbone The length of which she went for raising, sacrificing her own The pain of not reflecting the range of our complexions For rubber pellet scars on Auntie Elna's back I march Fist raised caramel shinin in all our glory For Mauritius, St, Helena; my blood is a million stories Winnie for Joan and for Edie, for Norma, Leslie, Ndidi For Auntie Betty, for Melanie; all the same family Fiona, Jo Burg, complex of mixed girls For surviving thru every lie they put into us now The world is yours and I swear I will stand focused Black girls, raise up your hands; the world should clap for us [Hook] My mama said life would be so hard Growin up days as a black girl scarred In so many ways though we've come so far They just know the name they don't know the pain So please hold your heads up high Don't be ashamed of yourself know I Will carry it forth til the day I die They just know the name they don't know the pain black girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Talib Kweli Album:The Beautiful Struggle Song:Never Been in Love Typed by:amirsheth@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} (Verse One) I know there's a first time for everything First time I let her in my bed she got wetter then the perfect storm That we weathering together and This the first time that I've ever considered wedding rings But first things first yo I met her at the bar rolling with three wise men like I followed the star There she is shorty bi coastal Thick like bifocals, stacked like 2Pac vocals her body so loco Jewel of the Nile so I'm romancing the stone The rhythm is to the words and I watched her dance to my poems The way she move them hips let me know in advance that she grown I pictured it like Paris Hilton when she answered the phone, yo Dancing alone because she extra fly But I got good look so I catch her eye Gave the rest a try now give the best a try Leave your nest and I'll fly make you testify Damn baby I know we got some haters and. (Hook) I don't care what people say As long as you and me okay Because I never been in love before See I use to be a player and All of this is new to me And this ain't what I'm used to see Because I never been in love before (Verse 2) You running back to the kid like this was home base Or a marathon I let you set your own pace Your own space and the beautiful struggle Now baby tell what's it gonna take to prove that I love you When I'm gone you be missing me too It let me know that my prayers is the music God be listening to Don't get it confused I'm trying to get religious with you I never thought I feel like this its like a miracle you You You stole my heart like a crook in love Crossing the bridge to the Brooklyn love When I took above it's clear skies that's surrounding my earth Your love is drugs and I'm down to serve let's deal with it yo We go to the spot and you still get it low I get excited fast and still love to hit it slow till the walls come tumbling down like Jericho And you hear the sound is stereo Hear we go (Hook) I don't care what people say As long as you and me okay Because I never been in love before See I use to be a player and All of this is new to me And this ain't what I'm used to see Because I never been in love before (Verse Three) You looked good when I tried you on So I had to write a song Use to be the guy that always made her cry when I'm gone Always kept a stable and I never spent a night alone no cable or no hard line phone why I'm never home scared of commitment Ready to forever roam We at war like sister souljah and she welcome to my terror dome Head strong our connection proved them haters dead wrong From now to R.I.P. Proceeds my name up on the headstone Leave her be for five minutes Dudes try to dive in it first They want to spit on my name and tarnish my image I tell them do you I don't care who she speaking with Because I already know she made it clear who she leaving with And it feels so beautiful Put it in a rhyme because it feel so musical Plus you ain't no groupie hoe Sitting in the studio Before we do this though there something that you should know (Hook) I don't care what people say As long as you and me okay Because I never been in love before See I use to be a player and All of this is new to me And this ain't what I'm used to see Because I never been in love before The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Beautiful Struggle Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Sample] This is a tear jerker [Intro] {*echoes*} The revolution is here, the revolution is here people I said it once, I'll say it twice You gots to be ready The revolution is inside of you People, the revolution is here, yeah [Hook] The revolution's here No one can lead you off your path You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh (yeah) No one can change your ways (rock with me for a second) No one can lead you off your path (come on) You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] Yo, I heard it's said the revolution won't be televised But in the land of milk and honey there's a date you gotta sell it by Otherwise it just expires and spoils And these folks jump out the pot when the water too hot Cuz the fire boils inside You go to church to find you some religion And all you hear is connivin' and gossip and contradiction and You try to vote and participate in the government And the muh'fuckin' Democrats is actin' like Republicans You join an organization that know black history But ask them how they plan to make money and it's a mystery Lookin' for the remedy but you can't see what's hurtin' you The revolution's here, the revolution is personal They call me the political rapper Even after I tell 'em I don't fuck with politics I don't even follow it I'm on some KRS, Ice Cube, Chris Wallace shit Main Source, De La Soul, bumpin' "2Pacalypse Now" [Hook] The revolution's here (yeah) No one can lead you off your path (uh uh) You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh (ha ha, ha ha) No one can change your ways No one can lead you off your path (uh uh) You'll try to change the world ('scuse me) So please excuse me while I laugh [Verse 2] Yo, I speak at schools a lot cause they say I'm intelligent Nervous cause I'm dope, if I was wack I'd be irrelevant I'm like the dope in your tracks until your high is settled in You leanin' to the left, the laughter's the best medicine But the troubles you have today you just can't laugh away Stay optimistic, they can change, it's gon' come like Donny Hathaway You have to pray, on top of that, act today Cuz opportunity shrivel away like Tom Hanks in "Cast Away" Everybody pass away, the past will pay, the family mournin' Everybody act accordin' to the season that they born in You fight in the streets, start bleedin' 'til the blood is pourin' In the gutter, mothers cry 'til the Lord be livin' by the sword and All that folks want is safety, they goin' gun crazy The same reason Reagan was playin' war games in the '80s The same reason I've always rocked dog chains on my babies The struggle is beautiful, I'm too strong for you to slave me [Hook] The revolution's here (yeah) No one can lead you off your path (uh uh) You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh (ha ha, ha ha) No one can change your ways (yeah) No one can lead you off your path (uh uh) You'll try to change the world ('scuse me) So please excuse me while I laugh (yeah) The revolution's here No one can lead you off your path You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh No one can change your ways No one can lead you off your path You'll try to change the world So please excuse me while I laugh [Outro: Talib Kweli] It's a beautiful thing that's happenin' right now Right now G Yo, I'm rockin' with my man Hi-Tek on the track right now We fightin' the good fight The Beautiful Struggle Yeah, let's go (So please excuse me while I laugh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: The Beautiful Struggle (UK Edition) Song: We Pullin' Out Tonite Typed by: swishazcorlion@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 2X] Set it off, set it off, get it off now Get out or you headed North now Ain't comin at you like its soft now We pullin out tonite Rapapapapa pa Rapapapapa pa Rapapapapa pa Rapapa pa [Verse 1] Y'all dudes be watchin T.V., see the MC, get the CD Believin every word he's heard spit, you best believe me So when I get to spittin, this should be so excitin You see your favorite rapper and you can't believe you like him Saw a tear comin from your eye now Can't really pretend you fly now So you still frontin but why now Feel like you can't touch the sky now What the people really feelin, let's find out If you rockin with a nigga, let's ride out We got no time to lie down Young girls in the fuckin cryin out Its the way that I walk and I talk like I'm a real Brooklyn-New York type You know the type to push niggaz off bikes One summer only rock Air-Force Nikes Gonna put it down answer the door right Go hard to the paper with all night Spit that murder rap, murder rap rap Sounds like rapapa [Interlude] Rapapapapa pa Rapapapapa pa Rapapapapa Rapapapapa pa G-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah G-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah G-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah G-yeah, g-yeah, g-yeah G-yeah, g-yeah Here we go, here we go Here we go, here we go c'mon [Verse 2] These niggaz screamin how they take your life ??? dreamin They leave the proof so they can keep their man a cure appointment Say they be on the block and they got ammunity They can't even scare white people and they pay their community And I know you got a wife and you not playing with your kids That's why I don't believe in half the shit you say you did Treat you like Craig, you ain't gotta lie Like B.I. somebody gotta die I keep these niggaz on their toes, fuck it, somebody gotta try I make the mystery DIE, I'm like Magnum P.I Its just a fax when I RAP, I got 'em trapped like T.I Niggaz get 24's and shit they ain't got money for And put on some funny clothes to holla at some funny hoes And what you think that make you a man huh That don't make you nothin but a bumma Drop, pause and they ain't no cameras Gangstas gotta cry your manner You rockin a shook demeanor, probably scared to throw some joints Ain't gonna bust a nina, nothin sweeter, what's the point? [Interlude] [ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Musiq Soulchild & Wordsworth Album: The Beautfil Mix CD Volume II Song: So Good Typed by: losesmc@gmail.com [Talib Kweli] *talking*: Yeah... As we continue on.. Yeah (We recordin' in the house) Ladies and gentlemen This the soundtrack (In the natural sound) Do not be alarmed (Children playin') Don't panic, be calm, yeah... (Crickets chirpin') We gon' hit you with... with the words We gon' hit you with the music (We in Fort Greene right now) 'Course we gonna hit you with that Kweli shit [Musiq] One of these days a change gon' come For you and I and our children Where you can live and just have fun Don't nobody trip on where you come from Everything is good yeah it's all love It's freedom in the hood for all to get some It's every woman to a man To a child to a fam With all us on a higher level of understanding But if it's gonna take a while I'll chill I can bask in the glory on that day And if I gotta chill then boy I will It's no problem for me because yo I be B-Boy position standing here Anticipatin' patiently just waitin' To grind out for my dream And you (you) can't stop me boy [HOOK - Musiq] Listen... Ladies and gentlemen don't be alarmed This is the soundtracks of what's goin' on And if you want you can get it I promise you if you let it The rhythm'll be good to you Yeah, let the rhythm be good to you I promise baby it'll be so good to you And now, you 'bout to witness the sound Of these Words, Musiq, and Kweli [Wordsworth] Community blocks waitin' 'til my opportunity knocks But the door is usually locked because it's usually cops Most of wish we had a car and jewelry shop But spend my days tryin'a fuck or find a movie to watch Talkin' big plans to live large and move from the block Your only option from your moms is to move to ya pops Cigarettes tryin'a hold on to the few that you got Price is crazy high for you to give up a loosies a lot Areas we from you scared you don't run Don't care what you've done Be wary of tongue snitchin' 'n' hope the jury is hung Tryin' to go from zero to one like a hero becomes While here air in my lungs ideas I share with my sons People down here so shady they could stare at the sun Can't wait 'til that unemployment check clear once it comes Daily routine, but my only theory when young Was get money, get a job and hope her period comes... it's real life [HOOK] [Talib Kweli] Walkin' the block at night I, stopped at rhyme cypha Circle of rhyme writers broken up crime fighters They said we loiterin' started orderin' us around We ain't jump at the sound of they voice, They said "Get on the ground!" This cuz we black or what? I'm sick of cops harassin' us Probably because we ain't degrade ourselves fast enough The people passin' us stopped 'n' the cops start actin' right Somebody had my back tonight Off they go in a flash of light You try to see the future take a mental picture of it City life is hard when your apartment don't fit in your budget You need to get a room like people who kiss in public Plus you tempted to say "Fuck it" until you kick the bucket There's more to life than appears it ain't no crystal stair As nails'll stick out 'n' snare you and this is crystal clear Ain't no officials in chairs or fans that scream your name It ain't a game but it's still a challenge just the same [HooK] [Musiq] But if it's gonna take a while I'll chill I can bask in the glory on that day And if I gotta chill then boy I will It's no problem for me because yo I be B-Boy position standing here Anticipatin' patiently just waitin' To grind out for my dream And you (you) can't stop me boy [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Ghostface Killah Album: Beautiful Mixtape, Vol. 2 Song: So Hood Typed by: Davida.b., Cno Evil [Intro: Talib Kweli] Beautiful Mixtape [Ghostface Killah] Don't get the flow mixed up, this is uncut raw You can cook it in your spoon, that's what your lighter's for And the aroma are set to move the right tone up And your girl, I really wanna ice tone her Don't get made of she like rappers I'm be an MC who like Bergundy, and ?he man perty? Look young in his face, and he over thirty Giving out Hancocks, like my name was Herbie Survived from a fucked up past, set my bed where the springs reside Now they ask what my rings about This is Ghost, God type man only, stay true You disagree, well then fuck you I don't gotta say jack to you I got alot of metal that rat for you And if I point it your way, he gon clap for you Body something mad terrible, you know how them ratchets do Extra caskets and church classics, blowing an ill dust joint At your wake as I drive past it, now that's murder 2004 blood further dick, you ain't that big cus you ain't never heard of Or brought up in any combo, Benny Blanco your style will get your face picked off And your nose ripped off, you fake niggas don't understand This is Theodore, we gon blow like a hundred fans [Talib Kweli] New York will test you, try to get you, don't be scared about it It'll carress you and molest you, but don;t be weird about it Don't wear your heart on your sleeve and dare to come here without it You bout it, then let it flow out like tears of fear shouted Ain't no kick the can, chutes and ladders and candyland Mothers survive their sons, trying to be a family man Out to there like hand to hand, walkers, bikers and camel stands In order to tell my man for man, here, you need a manogram Patrol, substance for nothing to blame the manners on Up at the crack of dawn, heard the word and your path is on Still working for nothing, abandon your dreams Now they touting, torn to peices, headin on the ground that we walking on Same ground around the body police took chalk upon Your name on the radio familiar, police are talking on Do what you gotta do to eat, and keep the heat from off the arms Sometimes you gotta compromise what you don brought upon The most exciting lyrics Kweli and Ghost is writing Psychosis leading to excessive and hopeless biting There's no denying your ho is eyeing, the flow is iron, the bottom of the sea By the color of the pea, the muthafucking, most gutter MC Dropped out of school at eighteen With a dream and started running the streets Keep the reciepts, don't need your college degree Because my lyrics earm me honorary PHDs, yeah [Chorus 2X: Talib Kweli] People ask my why I keep it so hood And I simply reply, it feels so good We hit your ears in ways you ain't know the flow could And make your momma say boy, you up to no good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Mos Def Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Supreme, Supreme Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com [Intro] {Talib Kweli} Whoo We on fire tonight Whoo Yeah, we on fire tonight Whoo Black Star in the house fo' sho'	(Yeah) Yo, now everybody go...		(C'mon) [Intro Chorus] {Talib Kweli + Mos Def} Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	(Supreme, Supreme) Bay-b get involved go side to side	(Supreme, Supreme, Yeah, Yeah) Side to side...				 [Verse 1] {Talib Kweli} 'Bout to slap box with the beat The shit I spit is a snapshot of the street You can see the crack spot in the backdrop The heat in the stash box of the black drop You wonder why there's more crime Free food, or a check the only time niggaz on line Getting information from the nigga-net The trickle-down theory guess it ain't reached niggaz yet I make a bigger bet Kweli 'bout to be a bigger threat 'Cuz there's hardly any real niggaz left	 What the fuck these niggaz talking 'bout Living a movie but the audience is walking out I fight the temptation to rip the heart from your chest 'Til there's only five hard beats left It's like a dead man walking I turn on the radio and I hear dead men talking Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	(Supreme, Supreme) Bay-b get involved go side to side	(Supreme, Supreme) [Verse 2] {Mos Def} Yo' I got my headphones up like I'm listening close Face blank with expression it isn't a joke Start fire, sit back and spit its smoke To get it provoked, blow it back to get in your throat Mad problems...Take all the niggaz you know Add that number up with every nigga you don't Final number, some total of the niggaz that won't Break me down, shake me of my fame, my style What time it is, crew you can hate me now And ten minutes from then you gon' love me again Buck town republic again Writing on the wall trouble again Intensify struggle and such Killers, Sad lovers deluxe Sound garnered, for the wild hearted Downtrodden, up-starters Young violent, uprising Cocaine, and gunpowder Up north, or bus crowded Daily vibes to thug mountain Cold caves or peaks of high Think you present but unclear, and know how to hide If you wonder why you got so much on your mind 'Cuz your living in a troubling time, this is a puzzling time Fall back without recovering time, and time's up Brooklyn, put your dimes up [Chorus 2X] [Verse 3] {Mos Def + Talib Kweli} {Mos Def} I put feeling inside of my rap Hold it down for my side of the map No matter what north, south east or west side of the mat Bend a needle on the mind and it's back {Talib Kweli} Got a problem with that? The holler back and the stars is black We the New Era you just a Starter cap Find out what happens when the artist in tact Be sharp as a tack, fall back you smarter than that {Mos Def} Or perhaps you just ain't as smart as you think Figure 8'n on the thin ice part of the rink You a vessel that's promised to sink Terra Firma ain't as hard as you think Stare down, and you starting to blink {Talib Kweli} Like 182 this for fellas and the ladies who Don't need to be spoon fed like baby food I take a bite out the track like a Sabre-tooth And spit out the truth 'Til the cops come and spray the booth [Chorus 2X] [Outro] {Talib Kweli + Mos Def} Its all right with you its all right with me		 Do the damn thing what you wanna be		(Supreme, Supreme) That's right, that's right that's right that's right 		 That's right, that's right that's right that's right 	(Supreme, Supreme) [Repeated 3X More] [Talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Right About Now Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah, this that new Kweli I'ma give it to you before the bootleggers get hold of it You know what I'm sayin'? I figure I put it out first, make some money wit' it Why not, right? Okay, 1-2 [Verse] Yo I'm Brooklyn like the '90s Brownsville and Bushel keep it grimey When I'm from flatbush that's where you'll find me In Brooklyn, Tek wit' Justin and Sadat And Free and Sid from ??? Always catch me wit' Juju and Rubiks, we was truant kids Dollar band nooseses Jump bell, run, and never look back Mr. Man kept the hammer in his bookbag Rubiks introduced me to Black and Forte DJ Enuff on Avenue K I go back a long way Wit' Super Nat in Washington Square freestylin' everyday Peformin' at Lyricists' Lounge who ate off Jean Grae Fuckin' wit' Mood is how I met Hi-Tek Black Star came in effect when Elijah gave my tape to Mos Def Reflection Eternal was next on deck My crew the best and we proved it We knew our music was the Vanguard of a movement Every Rawkus release was bangin', they on the come up They was like fuck the radio 'til Pharoahe said "Get the fuck up" Flex listened, jabbin' at Bryant The next position was right about now we need the radio hit written While I hit the road On tour to support the records since the day it was sold Corey had me followin' the example of De La Soul Common and The Roots to me these the sickest niggaz Get my figures wit' the Okayplayers and the Spitkickers Rawkus got a deal with MCA, this the gray area The letters stand for Music Cemetery of America They tried to fool you by switchin' the name to Geffen Now they Interscope's bitch and every artist who had a chance left 'em Ain't no big surprise, wasn't no love there Jimmy Iovine never signed me, I just kinda ended up there But fuck that, literally it was my way or the highway Hit the road with the Beastie Boys and toured Europe with Kanye Gotta thank 'em for the love on the album I knew out on "Electric Circus" He'd get it by any means necessary like Malcolm I dropped a single, shot a video, took control of my situation Got a label poppin', it's a celebration (bitches) Yo boy Free I had to get out I put you on, that's where I'm at right about now [Hook] And if you're sayin' it's my time, you right about now This what's goin' through my mind right about now Hey yo, hey yo, it's time to write about now And if you lookin' you can find it right about now I put you on, that's where I'm at right about now This what's goin' through my mind right about now Yo, hey yo, it's time to write about now And if you lookin' you can find it right about now [Outro: Dave Chappelle {*DJ cutting*}] That's right bitches, Talib Kweli One of the baddest motherfuckers you've ever seen That's right bitches, Talib Kweli You're now rockin' with the best! I said it The best! The best! That's right bitches You're now rockin' with the best! The best! Talib Kweli Where's-Where's my snares? Talib Kweli Where's-Where's my snares? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Phil Da Agony, Planet Asia Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Drugs, Basketball & Rap Typed by: brookln231@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Talib Kweli] Yea S'what I'm talkin about S-A-S, size ain't shit, never that Strong Arm Steady, Talib Kweli Yea [Chorus: Talib Kweli - 2X] Niggaz gettin caught in the trap for the cash, it's the drugs basketball or the rap theres more to us than that We the shit consider the facts, after you analyze that You know you best to fall back Woah [Verse: Talib Kweli] Woah! I'm dealin wit, nuttin but facts, when I spit it though You niggaz superstitious don't step on the cracks or split the poem Candle light, flickers so bright, I feel the wick can kick a sicka flow and spill it like a liquor store, I spit the shit to make a cripple get up and dance I spit the shit to make the average MC piss in his pants I spit the shit to make a mothafucker call it a night I spit the shit to see fuck wit C. Delores Tucker sex like I take a sip from my creative well, in this game for a minute I play this well to win it, ya go to africa like dave chappelle, you finished Cause ya prehistoric raps is borin, the number of whack rappers soarin like the percentages of teenagers who have abortions these niggaz meak they lyrics weak, and they beats is corporate they try snitchin on records their mouths is leakin ??? drippin 'em ova system than, chinese water torture rippin a series of events, more unfortunate than lemony snicket [Chorus - 2X] [Planet Asia] Yea medalliance mind, bless the mic for the gods, teach the blind plus get a piece of mine release ya minds for each design baby food for thought, rappas not ?? for sport you ?? pork eatin niggaz of sort yo yous a fuckface, burnt out loser thats always up late planet ais the revolutionary slash nut case a witchcraft black magic, data load up computers a spread the message wrote to you where when I show illusions if all y'all niggaz is killas then how ya write ya records how'd you find the time stop lyin ya minds infected theres only a few, and I ain't sayin niggaz don't put it down from you town I'm talkin bout you yea the fake dude promotin propaganda, and open on some fanna, and out right snitchin on them cameras planet ais, gold chain black bandanas low steady gain click clack rang rang der dey go [Chorus - 2X] [Phil Da Agony] Yea Just a high skip and a jump away from gettin everything that I could possibly want and prostitutes front get a 4 bar on the roster, scratch that I'm talkin about a full roster of raps monstas that rap, buzzed out ?? check the cadence of the frequency uniquely, we strong arms strategically easily I twist the ?? killa cali ?? back alleys burnin backwoods in danelis or he probably wit kweli, out in BK we make it easy for the djs, like instant replays conversation by the buttons, I talk and touch sumpin straight shots of the luey he flew me out to london crunchin numbers flippin more dough, like siccisero next thing you know we kissin ya hoe, wit out the mistletoe strong arm steady, agony can ???, phil the rigglies The big league niggaz is droppin indies les go [Chorus - 2X] [Talib Kweli] Talib kweli, right about now dis what I'm feelin right about now and I invite you all to check it out wit me Lets go! S'like [2X] niggaz gettin caught in the trap For the cash it's the drugs basketball or the rap theres more to us than that We the shit consider the facts, after you analyze that you know you best to fall back Whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Who Got It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Talib Kweli] Let's go, let's go, let's, let's Let's go, let's go, let's, let's Let's go, let's go, let's, let's Let's go, let's, c'mon [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Ask anybody that you bump into Who got it poppin when it come to these rhymes (who got it?) We got the sound that you jump into You automatically pressin rewind (jump up!) [Talib Kweli] They call him Kwe' for short, really talk to the children But too many people feel him and they might, try to kill him Try to test me I survive, like your grandma recipe +Survive+ like a Child with a Destiny Survive like a Cuban holdin piece of wood floatin to Miami like, Elian Gonzalez cause they back with the family Survivin in the streets of Brooklyn, that's where you find me Survivin like somebody mommy clutchin a palm tree in a tsunami Who woulda thunk that would ever happen? Rootin for Kweli cause he brung back clever rappin Sister - heads wrapped in fabric of the standard music Chicks - with their tits, made of plastic look, dancin to it In this arena I balance, your boy stand alone and win it cause these rappers is more annoying than camera phones Maybe it's me, it could be hard to move me But these niggaz got me trippin like a white girl in a horror movie! [Interlude] Do you like the way he jumped on it? Take a step back, you don't want it Do you like the way he jumped on it? Take a step back, you don't, you don't [Talib Kweli] Yeah... this the one right here, put it on everything Drop it heavy then get in the wind like a weather vane Let it rain, let it pour, metaphor so let it off Like the 38th special edition of "Set it Off" Yo the trap, got you blastin your heat It's hot ones like shotguns from the passenger seat The mic booth, the district where they be packin the meat Cause they kept it raw as the jump off, I hop, back on the beat Back on the street like an ex-con with enough in his pocket for a tip at a restaurant It's a cold world, dress warm Cuttin through the bullshit record labels and the shady deals Ladies feel the beat when they out clubbin like baby seals Let me chill out cause the raw image to focus on Get back to my point, this joint is jumpin like a circus song Yeah, to break it down to the basic components They don't want it so I'm runnin out of worthy opponents, whoa [Interlude] [Talib Kweli] Even when I be sleepin my brain it keep goin deep inside A street poem with rhymes that keep blowin your mind with a unique flow and heat showin Grown men weepin in the open, tears leak into the ocean Today is +Training Day+, I passed the test like Ethan Hawk and I'm droppin signs like Craig G, or Stephen Hawkins Y'all don't rhyme, y'all speak in quotes of MC's that sleep in coffins Latchin on like a leech and eatin off 'em, you weak and soft and [Talib Kweli] Jump, jump, jump - Brooklyn jump up Jump, jump, jump - Harlem jump up Jump, jump, jump - yo, West coast jump up Jump, jump, jump - everybody jump up Jump, jump, jump - Queens jump up Jump, jump, jump - {?} jump up Jump, jump, jump - Midwest jump up Jump, jump, jump - here we go (everybody like) yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ MF Doom Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Fly That Knot Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout Yeah, we on fire We gotta call the fire department Let's go Yo, yo, yo [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yo, I know you like that You like that! Yeah, yeah [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] There's an E! True Hollywood Story for the pluckin' it's ripe How cats is stuck in purgatory for life Tryin' to fight the enemy without sight They in the dark swingin' right to left Clingin' to the little bit of light that's left And can't escape the room, you can't escape the tomb You all wear a mask sometimes, I can relate to Doom That make the whole world earthquake, shake, and move The beat create a mood or eat your whole plate of food You can't come close like an order of protection That this is myself in the pack was sort of my intention Slaughter anybody testin' my callin', my profession Anymore questions will born 'em a lesson A demonstration of takin' it all the way home While you stuck at first base and It's like havin' relations without the penetration Basically doin' nathin' You a waste of space and time Always chasin' mine is how you lost your place in line [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] We got that uncut flow that bring the cops out Pay and groan like young Mike and get knocked out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yeah, free the radio population Kweli and Doom the 1-2, the combination Let's go [Verse 2: MF Doom] About time you heard a rhyme flow with Doom and Kweli To catch you with the combo, boom boom, Muhammad Ali Versus Potsy cursin' Yahtzee at the crap table Burstin' caps at a Nazi rap label Oops, a pot of hot tea spilt on the cable Evaporate an ice grill, read the seeds of Aesop fable Children, come sit, gather Face the rapid fire of the super slap shit outta liar The end Villain, the champ tramp Flowin' since they had him holdin' ??? He cleaned his mask with a shoe mitt And a little bit of her blue spit She told him you so stupid Wiped it off, got dressed and left Everybody instigatin', not just the ref We can shoot the fire on the dirt ground Rocks out live with the worst sound First round knock out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] We got that uncut flow that bring the cops out Pay and groan like young Mike and get knocked out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yeah, free the radio population Kweli and Doom the 1-2, the combination Let's go {*DJ cuts Talib Kweli samples*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Ms. Hill Typed by: Jevff@netscape.net Every night, slips away (phone ringing) in other words, (yo, who's this?) I should say there are no words, (y'all heard it) you should say there are no words, (I mean it's life) every night, slips away (I mean, what can I say? it's best) in other words, I should say there are no words, you should say there are no words Ms. Hill, you got skills, that's a gift, it's real get ill, what you spit got the power to uplift the heel I wish I could talk to Lauryn I mean excuse me, Ms. Hill and let her know how much we love her is real the industry was beating her up then those demons started eating her up she need a savior that'll bleed in a cup, yup we used to kick it in the salad days when she look at me like she ain't know me when she see me nowadays I nod, she nod back, that's how it stay her songs still better than anything out there hotter power play remember how they accused her of saying she did her album without help then she went to Rome to sing and tell the Pope about herself just after she left the Fugees started rolling with the Marleys got back with her crew at Dave Chapelle's Block Party she made songs about Zion and trying to be faithful took the Blackstar on tour in Europe I was so grateful speaking for myself but I'm sure I could speak for Dante I got to watch a show with Nina Simone and Harry Belafonte we used to chill at Nkiru, her moms was a customer she used to love to buy the books by Octavia Butler Parable of the Sower, the main character's name was Lauren what the album did for black girls' souls was so important I got concerned when she got sick on the road she ain't heavy, I'm a brother and I wish that I could pick up the load, but no every night, slips away in other words, I should say there are no words, you should say there are no words another night slips away in other words, I should say there are no words, you should say there are no words Ms. Hill, you got skills, that's a gift, it's real get ill, what you spit got the power to uplift the heel got your assitant on the the phone "I need to talk to Lauryn" and I wanna walk through the storm, and I could be the umbrella when the rain is pouring please, this no disrespect to whoever your man is though this relationship is strictly music like D'angelo I know you hate Babylon, and wanna see it fall but they won't let you read your poem at the BET awards you give us hope, you give us faith, you the one they don't like what you got to say but still they beg you to come, whoa now that's powerful sis, it's black power we get money, keep our eyes on the final hour and no I ain't saying you Christ, that would be sacriligous right? but you can blow up the night, sisters the rats is vicious the raps the sisters recite with their black fist up the devil's last wish is a queen that rise past bitches we used to read Francis Crest or anything by Third World Press will press but what the power of the word suggest hatched ideas in our heads like birds in the nest you gave birth to a new sound like Don did West, yes should I be saying all of this while the mic is on? I might as well let it out because one day I might be gone I write this song and hope you feel how much we love you and you play it, cause I really ain't got the words to say it but yo every night, slips away in other words, I should say there are no words, you should say there are no words another night slips away in other words, I should say there are no words, you should say there are no words Ms. Hill, you got skills, that's a gift, it's real get ill, what you spit got the power to uplift the heel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Flash Gordon Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com [Talib speaking] Yeah Kweli in the house Dave West is what I'm talkin' about, you know? Yea yea yea yo yea yo yea yea yea yo yea yo Yea yea yea yooohh yooohh [Verse] Make a joy for noise until the lord people are floored Cause the pen is mightier than the sword Leavin' the floor Cause my words cut deeper than a tissue massage I got hooks and lines that sink y'all like a fisherman's rod I'm on mission for God he blessed me to spit it this hard A lot of niggas start shit but they don't finish the job I'm like Minister Farrakhan or Africans who finished a marathon The pain in my voice is like Sarah Vaughn No matter what playin' 'em on I carry on Even if the dawn lit overhead I carry on Like Flash Gordon the Scar on my Face is Brad Jordan Passports splash with blood from the battle I last fought in I want to cash all in Or I start breakin' like glass jaw I put The Blast on 'em like my last tourin' Or fast forward just to catch what I said Yo I say some shit like that just to mess with your head, come on Grabbin' the black steel, bowh In the hour of chaos We ain't rappin' till they pay us, is that real? We got babies We got bills Put your hands up in the air if you know how I feel And let it out (let it out) Get it out (get it out) Work it up (work it up) Sweat it out I don't know If you know My history I do it big Like Notorious did Get on and play like this according to kid Gangster like knock out Ned like Little Zane slayed all on his wiz Crazy like the little hand on the seven, the big hand on the six J-Lo, yo Whether you all in the mix or if you stay low Everybody say hoooo hoooo hoooo hoooo [Hook] I don't know If you know My history you don't know me Choke the game till it's blue like a varicose vein And I can't remember the last time I felt this terrible pain And the whole shit blew up Was it in vain? They'll be lookin' through the rubble like they searchin' for Hussein I'm lookin through the club I'm really searchin for who's sane The music got everyone crazy and who to blame Be prepared think there'll be some ugliness up in here End up in intensive care with the vegetables there, you know? It's the black hand bustin' the tech Gettin' it wet without bustin' a sweat Swingin' for the upper deck It's the black man cuttin' a check The nigger's the boss The niggers want to test if they addicted to laws I spit on the floor The right hook will get at your jaw Make the track my baby mama when I'm hittin' it raw I rap through: Wars and tours and whores on the floors I did it for force So I spit at all the shit that I saw I party with supermodels who wanna take of they clothes The ones who smokin' cocaine so they don't fuck up they nose I walked the slums of Soweto and the streets of Havana Takin' pictures with kids who never seen a camera From the land of the Alabama since the night in the Cali Bumpin' gangster music like a freedoms song in the rally Out the back of yo' Dinnali give you the skinny like Ally McBeal It's the black steel, Brooklyn know the deal, what?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Mos Def Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Supreme, Supreme Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com [Intro] {Talib Kweli} Whoo We on fire tonight Whoo Yeah, we on fire tonight Whoo Black Star in the house fo' sho'	(Yeah) Yo, now everybody go...		(C'mon) [Intro Chorus] {Talib Kweli + Mos Def} Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	(Supreme, Supreme) Bay-b get involved go side to side	(Supreme, Supreme, Yeah, Yeah) Side to side...				 [Verse 1] {Talib Kweli} 'Bout to slap box with the beat The shit I spit is a snapshot of the street You can see the crack spot in the backdrop The heat in the stash box of the black drop You wonder why there's more crime Free food, or a check the only time niggaz on line Getting information from the nigga-net The trickle-down theory guess it ain't reached niggaz yet I make a bigger bet Kweli 'bout to be a bigger threat 'Cuz there's hardly any real niggaz left	 What the fuck these niggaz talking 'bout Living a movie but the audience is walking out I fight the temptation to rip the heart from your chest 'Til there's only five hard beats left It's like a dead man walking I turn on the radio and I hear dead men talking Ghet-to p-pole it's time to ride	(Supreme, Supreme) Bay-b get involved go side to side	(Supreme, Supreme) [Verse 2] {Mos Def} Yo' I got my headphones up like I'm listening close Face blank with expression it isn't a joke Start fire, sit back and spit its smoke To get it provoked, blow it back to get in your throat Mad problems...Take all the niggaz you know Add that number up with every nigga you don't Final number, some total of the niggaz that won't Break me down, shake me of my fame, my style What time it is, crew you can hate me now And ten minutes from then you gon' love me again Buck town republic again Writing on the wall trouble again Intensify struggle and such Killers, Sad lovers deluxe Sound garnered, for the wild hearted Downtrodden, up-starters Young violent, uprising Cocaine, and gunpowder Up north, or bus crowded Daily vibes to thug mountain Cold caves or peaks of high Think you present but unclear, and know how to hide If you wonder why you got so much on your mind 'Cuz your living in a troubling time, this is a puzzling time Fall back without recovering time, and time's up Brooklyn, put your dimes up [Chorus 2X] [Verse 3] {Mos Def + Talib Kweli} {Mos Def} I put feeling inside of my rap Hold it down for my side of the map No matter what north, south east or west side of the mat Bend a needle on the mind and it's back {Talib Kweli} Got a problem with that? The holler back and the stars is black We the New Era you just a Starter cap Find out what happens when the artist in tact Be sharp as a tack, fall back you smarter than that {Mos Def} Or perhaps you just ain't as smart as you think Figure 8'n on the thin ice part of the rink You a vessel that's promised to sink Terra Firma ain't as hard as you think Stare down, and you starting to blink {Talib Kweli} Like 182 this for fellas and the ladies who Don't need to be spoon fed like baby food I take a bite out the track like a Sabre-tooth And spit out the truth 'Til the cops come and spray the booth [Chorus 2X] [Outro] {Talib Kweli + Mos Def} Its all right with you its all right with me		 Do the damn thing what you wanna be		(Supreme, Supreme) That's right, that's right that's right that's right 		 That's right, that's right that's right that's right 	(Supreme, Supreme) [Repeated 3X More] [Talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Papoose Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: The Beast Typed by: hawpdt@hotmail.com [Intro-Talib Kweli] Dave, this a monster [Chorus-Talib Kweli] When them boys wit the Tec's throwin' up they set And the spot so hot the ceilin' start to sweat Yeah, that's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... When you just a little tipsy, you lookin' at them lips And you lockin' up them hips, get the drillin' wit the tips, and That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... [Verse 1-Papoose] Knowledge is the founder of everything in existence If you not droppin' knowledge about us it's 'cause you ig'nant A top-notch scholar wit honors, I'm so gifted Live is the most vicious, honest and prolific I drop diabolical brollic wit no gimmick Astonish the flow critics, rhyme wit the most lyrics I paint pictures, jot it and dot it but won't print it My ? is photogenic, I am the most vivid Man, I got a brain the size of the most biggest Wide as them cold rivers, wise as them old niggaz Tired of this, though, half of you rhyme it but don't live it Watch it and go spit it, stop it, I know Physics Breakin' yo physical, demolishin' yo spirit The struggle got me thinkin' demonic and so wicked Man, I'm so deep I'm bottomless, yo, kill it Wise wit the flow, rhyme about Hymen, it's so senseless [Chorus-Talib Kweli] When them boys wit the Tec's throwin' up they set And the spot so hot the ceilin' start to sweat Yeah, that's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... When you just a little tipsy, you lookin' at them lips And you lockin' up them hips, get the drillin' wit the tips, and That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... [Verse 2-Talib Kweli] Live New York rap, stay away from the pork crap Actin' like you all that, get smacked if you talk back Spiritual like Rakim on ice, like Kane with the females Slick Rick and Biggie Smalls attention to detail Political like PE, I'm spittin' fire like Ice Cube Kweli a nice dude 'til you start fuckin' with my food Rap 'll set the right mood, fin' to blow like a light fuse You might lose, ya chance of winnin' slimmer than a size two Plus, the shit you kick so wack niggaz ready to fight you Fuck rap, you better off wit spoken word kickin' Haiku Or rhymes got teeth that'll bite you, make it clearer than white booze You ain't special, there's a million rappers like you Far from clumsy, but I drop lines and spill bars Smoke more trees and be around more Black chicks than Bill Maher Peel a card off the deck, this that real hard Hip-Hop shit Niggaz feel y'all, it's real, y'all [Chorus-Talib Kweli] When them boys wit the Tec's throwin' up they set And the spot so hot the ceilin' start to sweat Yeah, that's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... When you just a little tipsy, you lookin' at them lips And you lockin' up them hips, get the drillin' wit the tips, and That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... [Verse 3-Talib Kweli] The Beast is out when the police is out They be pullin' out and really showin' you what peace/piece about Upholdin' the law that's designed to keep my people down Bourgeois niggaz walkin' around like everything is equal now I'm peepin' how from the beat cop to the Interstate trooper To the Feds who put a price on the side of head of Cuba, B Protectin' the property value over the people life To take action against a foul government is the people right But not too many ready to fight It's like you'd rather be at home watchin' a flick or a fight Or maybe Nick-At-Nite It's sick how I'm addicted to mics, become a flickerin' light After I spark I'm always ready to write Where I'm from, they be watchin' us, but we be watchin' them And bust shots 'til the coppers bring the choppers in The squad cars try to box me in But I got knowledge of self and it's stronger than any cage you can lock me in [Chorus-Talib Kweli] When them boys wit the Tec's throwin' up they set And the spot so hot the ceilin' start to sweat Yeah, that's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The... When you just a little tipsy, you lookin' at them lips And you lockin' up them hips, get the drillin' wit the tips, and That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out That's when The Beast come out [Outro-Talib Kweli] A lot of different Beasts or demons roamin' the planet And they surface at any given time You never know when they can surface and come right up out of you No matter how righteous you think you are Situation could go down when you forced To let The Beast out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Roll Off Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] Yeah, back in effect, let's go Ahem, aiyyo, e'rybody goes through feelin like the walls is closin in on you and you just stress the hell out (yeah they do) And you feel like you gon' explode, youknow'msayin? (uh-huh) This right here is for, all y'all to know that I know what y'all goin through man (yeah, yeah) I feel it myself (yeah, yeah I do) I could relate, yeah turn this one up [Talib Kweli] Sometimes life make you wanna attack and go off G You wanna step back and I let it roll off me Brooklyn, New York B, ain't nothin soft G Yeah I get stressed but I let it roll off me Flirtin with the fame but I let it roll off me They love it when I'm losin but I let it roll off me Dirt on my name but I let it roll off me Always keep it movin and I let it roll off me Do it for my niggaz with letters, let's set it off B Cops don't protect us, protestors just get ignored B Played out like musical theater with best support The investors and bankers havin sex in expensive orgies I'm rappin on the corners like Abbey, Abdul and Common Born when they was robbin the grave at Tutankhamun Way before Bush the USA been bombin Cause whether ratchets or needles know the shootin ain't stoppin Niggaz lootin, we ain't coppin a thing And if I'm locked in the bing, a nigga not gonna sing I got a lot of things on my mind, dollar signs, life on the line What I write's so right for the time The revelation like sight for the blind like when God cypher divine hand you lessons; or when you in the church havin confession Or when you kneelin on the pew, catchin the Holy Ghost Or the cult, so fanatic they think suicide's the only hope (no) They used to ask you "Who ya master?" Now they ask you "Who your pastor?" It's your allegiance that they truly after They used to ask you "Who ya master?" Now they ask you "Who your pastor?" It's your allegiance that they truly after That make you wanna go off B But I step back and I let it roll off me Brooklyn, New York B, ain't nothin soft G Yeah I get stressed but I let it roll off me Talk the talk but to walk the walk is costly Niggaz got on they +Game+ face like Black Wall Street Every single move I make is ballsy Cause the shit it used to be a, silent movie now it's a talky The Feds cheesin like Milwaukee when shit is Brew-in When these niggaz stage a coup for the president I'm a shoo-in But, ain't no political aspirations I'm persuin I hate to ruin your dream but music is what I'm doin I've touched more people in a verse than you do in 20 speeches Whether state's blue like the water or redder than white people on sunny beaches Sometimes I don't be understandin it They looked at me and said that's why you the perfect candidate Standin at the pulpit with a full clip What I say real talk, turn around and walk away with your bullshit I'm like breed, yo I ain't to be fucked with Only write the realest, can't lie to the public The sharp wick cut quick, killin 'em softly They try to take me there but you could never force me Brooklyn, New York B, ain't nothin soft G Yeah I get stressed but I let it roll off me Flirtin with the fame but I let it roll off me They love it when I'm losin but I let it roll off me Dirt on my name but I let it roll off me Always keep it movin and I let it roll off me [ad libs to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Rock On Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] C'mon let's go! Yeah It's beautiful, c'mon, keep marchin Everybody say HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY (HEY, HEY!) [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Now if you got toast, you keep your shots low You hug the block close, we rock on and on Now if you got dough, your shit is not low You duck the five-oh, we rock on and on (ladies!) Now if you real fly, fuck with a real guy Give them your real eye, we rock on and on You keep yo' heels high, keep it real tight Who gettin real high? We rock on and on [Talib Kweli] Yeah, I flow beautiful like a Zab Judah blow +Traffic+ like Benecio, +Suspect+ is +Usual+ Cut checks like cuticles, bust tecs at funerals My sound freak you out like rough sex in the studio I blow the back out the track when I black out Got the spot maxed out, people in the front pass out Security carry that ass out Get in the zone when I'm stoned like I live in a glass house Last bout I was in started to get real serious Homeboy got dropped and spazzed out like mysterious The boy in the hood with the furious style We in the age of Aquarius now, yo I show pain in the manner of Coltrane's "Alabama" Niggaz wanna blaze a hammer "Real girls get down on the flo'" like David Banner when I handle my shit I go banana clips you walkin where the animals live [Talib Kweli] Now everybody say (HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!) Yo, the way I spit is ghetto Like when niggaz pray over beef like Khalil and get the metal 'til the shit is settled I pull strings like Geppetto did Pinocchio Y'all niggaz sing to po-po like, K-Ci and JoJo or Sisqo and Nokio LeLe and Coco y'all, Sisters With Voices Y'all, lyrics are pointless My lyrics annoint like, oils and ointments I had a big death but I missed my appointment Y'all walkin through the valley while I run through it Every party we come through makin the "Gun Music" Practice the +Art of War+, don't make me Sun Tzu it I put them knots in yo' head 'til you can't undo it You can't unscrew it, ladies wanna take it off All they want is piece of mind so I break 'em off I grab the game by the balls until I made it cough And made these bitch ass niggaz take they make-up off [Outro: Talib] Everybody say (HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!) Yeah, get it right, Talib Kweli The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Jean Grae Album: Right About Now Song: Where You Gonna Run Typed by: vic11983@hotmail.com Jean- he's back again for the first day we gonna do this one a little different. tryna test the waters (where you gonna run) Jean- not far (where you gonna run) Jean- where you gonna go [Verse One: Jean Grae] I write underground climb up, this a new line up niggaz fight your way through if you're not ready to lose may I suggest that you let us the fuck through everybody clap your hands now, tear the walls down dance like Rudy Huxtable scoring a touchdown, you know hands in the air, knees in, knees out drop a little symbol on them this time, no doubt, let's go I write ten years deep and tenure's still deep my bad I'm sorry I don't like when phrases repeat I meant for the decades almost passed and spaceball was the least and I'm struggling still hustle to eat I must be built with Adam and Eve skin while y'all motherfuckers where you flushed in with your heart poking through on your arm stupid drop more bombs than on Saddam's house unarmed my mouth's a weapon I shout like Armguard steppin' didn't need to get loud, no disrepect but you know the Jean is threat to your checks niggas heart burning no prowl though sec to stop the attack ya neck back's gettin hot on every drop on the track and now I finally got some heat is good, let it be known I'll still be here after all this shit is done said and gone can't keep running the same formula, I'm imploring ya to quit fucking the game up, before it fucks all of ya up where you gonna run where you gonna run where you gonna ruuuuuun where you gonna ruuuuuun where you gonna hide where you gonna ruuuuuun where you gonna ruuuuuun (Kweli) yeah come on, yeah come on [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] watch these niggas start to run soon as I hit the track what get the sack, eyes low like Friskin' cat my flow get cap throw they gun like official Nas I'm draftin you niggas hard quick fast like tiptonat diamond cut lyrics so sharp the spit split the glass your mouth writing a check that you ask and quick to cash screaming how you quick to shoot don't even know the screenplay niggas rappin black and white and rappers shakin' Jean Grae sick of niggas licking boots I pick and choose my battles when I spit the truth it's hot let the pride and move the cattle y'all don't really want no beef, that's too real you want veal you baby sheep hanging in the air and tend to raffle me Me? I don't like the taste this shit's gamey like magazines telling lies and Star Wars like Dick Chaney it sucks though they losing they flavor like Now and Laters when I bust them niggas run for the hills like Al Queda [Verse Three: Jean Grae] she lacks delivery, really, nigga I pack rap symmetry and send it to ya dorm why y'all iggin' me for sure Jean is synonymous to chivalry open doors but I step through first test the waters and I pee in them got no network but now everyone's a rapper and everyone'll shoot you dead only led I strapped with a razor sharp pencil that could write but it could stab you rapid it's all ass backwards, you're all mall performers, actors what tho?, come on let's race to where the cash is get mauled like Roy the alter boy I'll jet through you like a Jet through flight, I'm unemployed you still cared to touch me, I gotta keeps the rap level you face screwed ugly I'm chasing all you club bunnies and racing you tackle you down take your money with your chest on the ground I know it's foul, what you gonna do now (I think it's time you gave it up!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Right About Now Song: Two & Two Typed by: akatruballer@hotmail.com They wanna know (All you have to do) know how I do Maybe you don't (All you have to do is call me... call me) Why you playing, why you playing? I be going like two and two With some hot shit ready to spit for you With the songs that you love just to get you through [Verse 1] Back in effect I'm back to collect Got the respect Which will turn into the cash or a check You can, pay me in fear, you can pay me with love You can, pay me in tears or you can pay me in blood Spray me with slugs, and the revolution live, I never die in vain The writer might be dead but the piece remain on the train (yea) The music help you be true to yourself, accumulate wealth So what I spit is the embodiment I do for self As a teen it was kinda hard to find a job I took over my writer's bloc and ran it like a spot I'm Pimp C in this game nigga, I'm a hard But I'm never feasting on it, keep speaking on it God That's what they say when I'm building, I keep my dialogue street But still spiritual like we deep inside a mosque Or the sin of God that don't preach or go where the sinners are And keep the fire burning like a slum lord in the Bronx Of course I will 'cuz you know how I do Maybe you don't (All you have to do is call me... call me) I be going like two and two With some more hot shit ready to spit for you With the songs that you love just to get you through Ma [Verse 2] Rhyme writer from nine to five It's the 25 to lifers with the balance of the acrobatic high wires The pain of the slave with his back feeling like fire 'Cuz the whip talking to his ass like Knight Rider Most of these rappers now days be sounding like liars Got visions of guns in they head like the Pied Piper When I bust they start to disappear like my lighters 'Cuz they shit is faker than the dreads on Mikah Phifer The industry is in trouble Plus these industry niggaz is fake, so they tend to be in a bubble So I hit the block where they're known to thicken the plot Sticking up cops, kids be pocket-picking they Glocks (my man) Balling outta control, don't be forgetting that niggaz is broker than dishes at a Greek wedding They might try to run up on you, take your life quick It's like this when you walk the strip up on the night shift Let 'em know Of course I will 'cuz you know how I do Maybe you don't (All you have to do is call me... call me) I be going like two & two With some more hot shit ready to spit for you With the songs that you love to get you through Ma [Verse 3] This right here the bare essentials with no extras y'all I kept it raw from the school of thought where less is more Brooklyn is cooking and I blessed it with the special sauce I got the soul of a prophet and never take a loss Fresher than kicks out the box, the kids on the block That is street hungry trying to get that sweet honey out the rock Crack in the socks when they click the row thicker than sour sop Listening to my black power rock Music, of this hip hop we be rock to it I'm a river, you a valley, watch me run right through it You wanna learn how to do it, tell the truth in your single first Lil' Kim went to jail for what you do in every single verse (free Lil' Kim) Lyrics is perjury, your beats is more plastic than surgery And we in the United States of emergency One of the main reasons none of you lames worry me Is I change lanes like a changed plane that change currency They wanna know, tell them (All you have to do is call me) of course I will 'cuz you know how I do Maybe you don't (All you have to do is call me... call me) I be going like two and two With some more hot shit ready to spit for you With the songs that you love to get you through Ma [Ad-libs...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: The Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Okay... Okay, I'm only gettin it on one side of the headphone Aight~! Yeh, bring it in like... Five somethin in the mornin goin on six It's daylight, sunrise time Time to free yo'self... free yo' soul, free yo' mind Ladies, free that ass... yeah! Coast to coast it's the most, we don't brag and boast We just leave 'em comatose It's your boy Talib Kweli, yeah! Flow is tight, though I got a couple screws looses It's cuckoo, my rep in this game is bigger than Bruce Bruce Who you? Your name smaller than fine grains in couscous It's the highest calibre, your calibre is deuce deuce SHOOT~! Y'all niggaz can't hang like a loose noose I get on stage, niggaz in my ear like a Bluetooth And that's the triple truth Ruth, they lips is loose like they seen your lovedaddy in the bulletproof blue Coupe My rhymes is full of truth, and the business full of lies Try to look a Masai kid in his eyes for the flies and tell him how he fucked up our environment daily The only thing we know about Africa is from Nas or Belly But go off like a Hutu or Tutsi, from Rwanda or Burundi Over drums like Babatunde Olatunji Sayin nigga just to keep our teeth white, like Paul Mooney Fightin spiritual wars, like the Shi'ite or the Sunni Yo~! Our music went from tap dance to the lapdance Try to get me to sell out and that's a fat chance You see black faces in my rap pages Larry Davis, Angela Davis or Ossie Davis Yeah, welcome to the show, it's Talib Kweli, so amazin Live from California it's the Madlib invasion, let's GO~! This exercise in freedom is called the "Liberation" I keep it fly by a process of elimination When it come to payin the kid, sometimes it's hesitation 'Til I make 'em check it in like they got reservations But there ain't no reservations about coppin this Even though it's free for the people there ain't no stoppin this Poppin fresh, cakin up, I'm breakin up the, monotonous flow that can't write or plant life like a botanist grow a new crop and just roll, it up, blow it out whoa Excuse the cockiness though, I'm just showin out - know you can't go without this, now what'chu know about that? Now what'chu know about... now what'chu know about... {*to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: Funny Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Yeah Ladies, make it hot, girls, make it hot {*3X*} Mr. International, passport pimpin City street dweller every asphault different Hittin with Jean and The Roots, my man Black Thought rippin Now a glass goes whistlin, my rap flow's switchin up Wait~! The promoter bitchin, is this asshole trippin? Why my cash flow missin? Don't fuck around this is how I make a livin Stop, listen, get the guap' My kids can't eat my love for hip-hop This ain't the circus, I don't see no big top So - who ya tryin to clown your money like Chris Rock Don't make me laugh wit'cha funny money Yeah, uhh, yeah, hehehehehe, ehyeah, yo These promoters shady and they good for broken promises Some of them scared of the hood so they only promote the colleges I'm havin problems with excuses Especially when it comes to my money and the contract is exclusive They sell the tickets wit'cha name up in lights an' shit But when it's time to pay they came up with all type of shit Or tried to pay me in marijuana The crowd was so thin he blamed Osama and the Twin Tower bombers In my pocket like a thief and there ain't no honor Livin all reckless like there ain't no karma You ain't on punishment, I ain't your momma I just had to expose the truth like Leonardo DaVinci when he paint Madonna Hey, hey heyyyy, c'mon, uhh, whoa Illegal business control America Illegal immigration, gun control hysteria The war on terror, war on drug, now everybody have vices So we still gettin higher than gas prices Yeah we have righteous MC's, ready to infilitrate the system like a disease and bring it right to its knees Who ain't fuckin with the pay for play, that shit is gay Get down with Blacksmith or get the fuck out the way E'rything's straight! Just get out from under the table I'm not a pimp runnin a stable I'm a kid with a vision runnin a label With the freshest MC's with somethin to say too We cuttin the umbilical cord from the navel Willin and able to change the game for the better A lot of crews claim they together Then they fall apart and blame it on cheddar Please~! I stay professional in all my endeavors So we about to blow like Parliament in "V for Vendetta" They try to get you with the funny money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: Time is Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Well I'm impressed most of all with the serene mood.  A lack of comprehen..." {"I can dig it man, right on right on~! I know what'chu sayin baby.  These folks that come here, have invested, a lot of credit  in havin a - fine time, when the time is right - baby."} {*"WHAT TIME IS IT! WHAT TIME IS IT! WHAT TIME IS IT! WHAT TIME IS IT!"*) [Talib Kweli] Yeah, the time is right for me to find a mic The crowd is tight, the lab ac' ain't workin right But I'ma get it done, even if we gotta fight I ain't goin out like that, no not tonight Yo let me get a mic check This my prayer for y'all niggaz cause the game ain't got no life left Came in with Mos Def and Hi-Tek And that's my family dawg, they might catch the last gasp of my breath And rest in peace to my nigga Dilla My mind into real estate like a bigger villa Your rhymes are cheaper than gas in Jersey Before you leave the state you know you got to fill up Matter fact, put your schwag back, cause I got the realest If not the killer then I ain't smokin I'm not buyin off the street or be askin 'em what kind you growin You can't flush it is cause the kind is floatin Kids be eyein totin open defyin mothers that's cryin oceans It's Sin City without the Clive Owen I keep it fresh, these rappers staler than a big of chips you findin open Let's take our time and, have a silent moment It's like I'm jokin, I get 'em open like multiple lines are snorted They snortin I'm spittin flames; nigga the flow'll blowtorch ya I'm on fire so they always try to put me out Flatbush all day but they don't know what my hood about I'm so good without your props and accolades Crackin like whips on the back of slaves, spittin on the master's grave I'm tighter than 'yette's braids, y'all niggaz are "Tenderheaded" Just cause I ain't you as my friend yet, then forget it SHEESH~! Y'all niggaz are sensitive That's really me on that shit, not a representative Nuttin pretend or fake, many came and went, tryin to imitate That's the quickest way to disintegrate It's cause I innovate, my shit hardly assimilate Still I'm bringin "SexyBack" like Timbaland and Timberlake I don't stop, I never hesitate Plus it don't start 'til I arrive and so I'm never late The time is right get it straight The time is right get it straight... c'mon! I'm so slick it's slide when you ride with it Like the Y kitted, do or die with it like the Stuy in it Fly with it, +Do or Die+ with like the Chi in it Live the life of Riley like my nigga from Guy, shit... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib f/ Consequence Album: Liberation Song: Engine Runnin Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Various samples] [Hook] Just wait outside and keep the engine runnin Just wait outside and keep the engine runnin And don't make a move unless the wartime's comin And just wait outside and keep the engine runnin man Just wait outside and keep the engine runnin Just wait outside and keep the engine runnin And don't make a move unless the wartime's comin And just wait outside and keep the engine runnin, runnin [Verse 1 - Consequence] Man, my pops won't let me drive until the law says that I'm able But since he fell asleep and left his keys up on the table I figured I'd be able to snatch em without permission And he be out cold and never find out they was missin So I did just that and got the car up out the driveway Then hit up Pat and we was headed toward highway But made one stop to get some Newports and Coroners Before we checked these chicks that we had New out and Coroner But at the turn of corner in this bad part of town We see this nigga Rell and he's flaggin us down Then he walked up on the car, asked me and Pat "What's poppin?" Then jumped in the backseat before I got the chance to lock it Asked me if could we drop him even though we going elsewhere But what poked from his shirt gave me concerns for my welfare Cause even though his belt's there, the tech's on his waist And he made us stop the car at the check-cashing place Then threw a mask on his face like MF Doom Cause there's enough cash in the safe to buy a new Lex soon And his tone was rather smooth when he said, "Don't make a muscle move" Cause 'til I get inside the only thing I wanting y'all to do is [Hook] [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] Top shotters got the block hotter than Jamaican sun You taste it on your tongue, the shots is stronger than Jamaican rum Rain and a few the apple tongue, the big ratchets, they packin em They argue when they leavin they over cause they'll be back again Trapped with the clackers, tonight is blacker than the pistol grip They let off over little shit and chill for a little bit Hop in my hoopty, gotta stop for a Lucy Butter crunch and the dutch, grab the clutch, bump a juicy The nigga BIG can move me cause the shit be like a movie Plus I live in Brooklyn like the old donees and Roodie Plus Sandra Evanesce left my cash on the dresser Cause the ATM machine at the check casher next to Da bodega, I pulled up in the back, a Acura runnin The cats in the car looked like disaster was comin Niggas buggin thinkin somethin was wrong, I played the corner I always keep the gat like DMX in Arizona In the corner of my cornea, I see the one time California Slang for cops and they comin by cruisin The niggas in the ledger pealed out The people in the check-casher spot spilled out On the street, their faces looking like a child has been abused Here come this nigga with a gun lookin wild and confused Put it together, I'm like "These niggas" The cop shot me in the back and then I heard him say, "Freeze nigga" [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: Over the Counter Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Hahaaah Uh, uh, yeah feel that for a second I ain't even gon say shit for a couple of seconds Gonna let you feel that for a second It's Madlib like Yeah, what you know about that? The era of the bullshit is over It's the year of the Blacksmith Kweli, aiyyo, aiyyo [Verse 1] Aiyyo, we need some new leaders Politicians is lying, now artists is true divas They meant to deceive us, they were sent to defeat us Everybody in here shot his peers through the speakers Guerrilla tactics, I'ma find a weapon, drop a rhyme or Find a session, give you a final lesson in your final seconds Liberation ain't the illest vinyl pressing? Yeah right, and the government ain't lying about 911 Find me repping Brooklyn on the daily, what the dealy? Questioning my teachers like "Oh, really?" so they feel me Based on fraudulent facts as they practice like O'Reilly Making me a hero for the class to come behind me It's collusive like your newest sneakers, ain't you glad you waited? This year I graduated, y'all niggas is super seniors Stay getting left behind, this the year of the Blacksmith Liberation clearly a classic [Hook - X2] People want to live it up, what, what's your drug of choice? What, what, give it up, what, let me hook it up Over the counter intelligence got ya hooked You's a gonna when I'm on the corner selling it [Verse 2] Cats after the pot of gold like the luck of the Irish I don't fuck with silly broads, I only fuck with the flyest What they saying, stop playing, they delaying the plane Usually I'm late and they saying my name over the loud speaker (Talib Kweli) The turbulence will make you find Jesus I took a train from Brussels to Antwerp, the cops find pieces Don't get it twisted, London got dime pieces We stopping in Amsterdam for top of the line reefers Trying to get to Egypt for the pyramids in Giza Got me tripping like Cameron Diaz in Tanzania A family guy on a grind, still we up heed her I'm using poetic licence like onomatopoeia Headed to Philadelphia, I'm yelling out "Free Mumia" CDs selling like nuclear weapons in North Korea Madlib, Talib Kweli, we off the meter To start a fight, I'm coursing your life, the talk is cheaper [Hook - X2] [Verse 3] Yeah, yeah This the Liberation, rhyming is my occupation Occupation of a nation, drop the population From creating self-esteem, plus the stream of consciousness When I got it into being I helped to free the populace Bred to black, green to black is wrapped around a magazine Under pressure said the freshman at Cheshire academy Kicked out of Brooklyn Tech, focusing on looking fresh Bright kid accepted to the schools that only took the best Bounce like a check, yes, without no hesitation I went to college, then I left, that's when I got my education Still live my regrets, now how ill would I be with a degree? Use would just a piece of paper to me, a receipt One day I might go back, shit, who am I kidding? How can I live a stupid decision? Get used to the prison that I built for myself It's all real, true in lividness so I rap to put food in the kitchen, c'mon [Hook - X2] Feel the man, the Liberation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib f/ Strong Arm Steady Album: Liberation Song: The Function Typed by: gnrtool@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] One, two, three and the place to be You got the almighty Talib Kweli, BK emcee It's the international rockin' with Madlib We got the Strong Arm Steady gang and the place to be We got Chace Infinite, Self Scientific and the place to be, word [hook] Blacksmith is running through your function No need for interruptions or discussions, no Welcome to a Madlib production We listenin; but y'all really sayin' nothin,' no [Talib Kweli] I try to say the most just to say the least I try to stay the coast while I slay the beast I'm bout to say my piece, you listenin' to Rita's voice Speakin' is the people's choice, Blacksmith is The return of the black fist, that's quiet That's it, it's the black star shout out to black Bonte give me a call the next time you watch the VMA's I'll be right there with the whole rock steady gang Or making a fucking logistical nightmare My nigga's is right here at the speed of light yea Soon as I send the signal out after the night air The sound that we makin' got them quakin' in they Nik' airs We don't fight fair I'll make your shit crash Quit yellin' whiplash you bitch ass (nigga) Mad cause I'm faster and I hit the gas quicker My squad cut like a glass of liquor, pass that [Phil the Agony] No matter the cost, we back at it, gat at your boss Shoot to kill, splatter with force Air force bubblin' blitz this shit Fire like two sticks rubbing like this No tricks nothing is fake I'mma ride What you want thin ice where you skate? When them niggas hate I'mma say beat break shake it off Focus on what's important, but take a loss Force the hand this is Strong Arm feeding you We're beating you, cut a nigga short like an interlude Bars anonymous, I promise you this One line will make you famous like Travis and shit It's the S.A.S, you are now rocking with the best All them other rappers lied to you (nigga) Yes, yes, it's still west, west With my east coast, polly, Kweli, you got a problem with me [Chace Infinite] Steady Gang running the game, it won't change Back to the days with Jordan's and gold chains Fistful of dollars fucking future top models Through the knowledge but we still poppin' bottles Pushing like full throttle on the Interstate trunk full Of product just to make a nigga's dinner plate Gotta get this money for my daughter's sake, and I Smoke a lot of weed and plus a nigga gotta say (what) Fresher than a motherfuckin' mannequin, you get The point like we was playing pickle with a couple javelins Gimme a reason to stop speaking and Start niggas bleedin' in the mid Los Angeles region We the niggas that believe in lacerations and lesions Niggas wanna dick and get it this evenin' Earn a song James Lionel grain greedy geniuses Y'all niggas is mysteries nothin' but phantom menaces And we the niggas y'all love to hate But see the homies from the east just raise the stakes And we gonna get it in a major way Blacksmith is the label strong arm is the game [Krondon] Shawshank charmaleon six pack benatall (??) Weeping in the bank watching Robin Hood withdraw Young orangutan gettin' niggas knocked off You hall ass and get a trip to see Lou Rawls I pour Henny from jewelry in my jacket like linen You don't think I got the hustle in me Roll with the real resis' you retarded And winky is not the shit he just farted One trip you motionless you understand the kid got close And we can get rich, the rice stay broke King Tut chrome in the cut like macuricone Take off your head like the N.O. Superdome The blacker the better, the greener the cheddar We the new Dream Team smoking more green (nigga) Jihad jinkins liberating like Abe Lincoln Dizzling dumbing out minkin [hook] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: Happy Home Typed by: gnrtool@hotmail.com I'm feelin' free, let's go [chorus] This, ha - ppy home [repeat 4x] Back in the day when the bus was less than three quarters Lloyd met Beverly and took her out to Sweet Waters "Boy what a looker" he thought, "Let me court her" He musta been a playa cause she popped out three daughters Brenda the oldest by herself for a little while That's 'til Joanne showed up she was the middle child Then came Loretta next she was a little wild Beverly was fly so her daughters had a little style Brenda the first in the family to go to college The dreams of being properly addressed as doctor Insert the name of the man who gonna sweep her off her feet In a heartbeat sharper than shark's teeth Just 'cause a brother say he love you don't make it so So when she was lookin' for suitors she had to take it slow Someone to run fingers through her Angela Davis 'fro And dedicate herself to like songs on the radio The ratio of black men to black woman at this college is preposterous If you a scholar you already know So she decided she should focus on her studies She couldn't have boyfriends, she could have buddies When she get out on her own she can bring men home But there was one in particular breakin' out the friend zone It's dj vu the way this came to me And it explain how I came to be I'm from [chorus] Yeah Back in the days it was hard for black actors They had to lighten they skin with makeup like Max Factor My grandfather Stan wasn't +Nothin' But a Man+ He fell in love with Jivote so he took her by the hand They had two sons, Stanley and Perry They go together like Brandy and Sherry or Coke and Mary and Barry Simply put they don't always get along They used to travel as a family doing shows singing songs But this was through the Segregated South And before someone got punched in they segregated mouth, Perry was out Livin' like a hippie in the sixties, Pop's chillin Headin' to The Village to see Bob Dylan, when he was top billin' But Perry was not feelin' complete, he had to get on his feet He said, "God willin', I can get into this school, that's smarter for real Plus I got this draft card in the mail" The champ said, "I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong" Momma leanin them 'cause(?) they shootin' blacks, faggots, and Catholics People bleedin' on TV is so tragic Creatin' the catalyst for the people to get active Got into NYU and took classes The world was changing he knew he couldn't look past this Who knew goin' to school would make him want to give his name to a girl And have children that would change the world [chorus] Back in the day we used to barbeque a little beach Bit up cause I got the sweet blood that mosquitoes eat My cousin Warren used to hook up the speakers each Fourth of July We can meet and my people be listening to 'BLS, KISS FM Mastermix Some dopes pass the fifth we watchin' fireworks after this Momma bought the biscuits, everything is all delicious as usual It's beautiful we all can kick it Touch football we get in the huddle and the twins steady get into trouble Me and Lebema(?) blowin' the bubbles, little Lloyd such a happy little boy It can rain, it can pour, ain't nothin' gonna kill his joy Jamal playing in the pool or well playin' it cool Times is hard but we makin' it through I'm taking you through the scene of the family reu' The family tree no matter what I'm standin' with you Insanity? Please, jail time, death is trouble Through the stress and the mess and to Der(?) I love you I go out in the world and represent the family name it used to hang on people from a tree like a candy cane Now I'm standing on the shoulders of my ancestors And I'm throwing up the sign of the times like hand gestures And no matter, where in the world, in Rome I get the money and always bring it back to [chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Madlib Album: Liberation Song: Soul Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-Madlib invasion - music please! [female singer] Music, it makes me feel so good Early in the morning it makes me, feel like I'm open And I'm strollin There are times that, the music, it just, it just lets me unwind I said Music makes you love, it make you feel, it make it true, it makes it real It can make you move It can make you mewl or pray or stare into yourself until you hear the voice And I, hear the voice inside It's a celebration, yeah It's a celebration, I hear music [male singer] There are times I wanna give up Then I remember this gift, that God has given to me He's living through me You see the vision through me... Music make you love, it make you feel, it make it true, it make it real It can make you move It can make you mewl or pray or stare into yourself until you hear the voice And I, hear the voice inside [female singer] It's a celebration, yeah yeah It's a celebration, that never let me down It makes me feel so good Early in the morning it makes me, feel so like I'm just floatin and strollin, there are times that The music just lets me unwind MUSIC~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Liberation Song: What Can I Do Typed by: gnrtool@hotmail.com (Sample) [Talib Kweli] [Verse 1] (Swim in the ocean And thoughts remain to sail on the sea, yeah What can I do, but what can I do) Yo, I try to get it here, get it there, everywhere (What can I do, but what can I do) So I spit it clear, persevere, interfere With the status quo the baddest flow throughout the hemisphere There ain't no pretenders here, only real men is here If you see a chick she down to ride like she wanna veer Better yet the Queen of Sheba, Aretha, Queen Latifah I'm the boss like Aneisha Reefa (female) Boss? You ain't my boss? Baby You don't run shit up in here I don't know who the hell you think talkin to I'm gonna take that shit and bounce I don't know who the hell you think you are I ain't got no boss See I call her baby like she 3 years old When she fully grown so these dudes is pullin' on She in the club like a stone cover, fully blown Speaking in the girly tone even though you got a attitude I can't stay mad at you (We'll have our quarrels,) word (and you will upset me, Tell me what can I do, but what can I do) Nothin', cause if I said that I don't need you I was frontin' so (What can I do, but what can I do) Nothing, every time you said you leavin' you was bluffin' [Verse 2] Back in the days I had dreads like Lil Jon And got numbers armed with nothin' but a pen and a little charm Everything I'm saying be littered with observation So I stand up for the dudes with limited conversation You looking at a star, it's all in the constellation (female) Haha. You ain't no star Haha you losing your mind I don't know who told you that shit She tried to tie me up but she can't tie me down She ain't never cried a tear but she cryin' now She tried to leave me, coming back 'cause she can't forget me I gotta be strong so she can't disrespect me [Chorus 2] (We'll have our quarrels), word (and you will upset me, tell me what can I do, but what can I do) Uh uh uh uh yea (What can I do, but what can I do) Uh uh uh yea Let's, let's go uh Let's, let's go uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Everything Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I don't, remember the first time I heard Kwe-li I don't remember what I was doing There were no remembered witnesses to my doings But it seems like I've known him, forever He who has, moved through mornings and midnights Through, deaths and dawns To document our bones our blood our lives Listen, listen to his exact wings Strumming mists from clouds Listen, listen a man always punctual with his, mouth Listen to his, revolution of syllables Scoping lightning from his pores Keeping time, with his hurricane beat Asking us to pick ourselves up and become, THUNDER [Talib Kweli] Yeah, they say you can't please everybody... Let's go~! Yeah, ay, they ain't know what that sound like Feel the heartbeat, feel the heartbeat On your eardrum, we got a new heartbeat Feel the heartbeat, feel the heartbeat On your eardrum, we got a new heartbeat Yo, what becomes of a dream deferred that never makes it to the world to be seen or heard Do it breathe? Do it got a heartbeat? Is it alive? Do it leave, only to become a star in the sky? I believe, no scratch that I know, this ain't my full potential Only usin 10 percent of my mental on instrumentals But incidentally my, energy heavenly Can he be so ill there ain't no, pill or no remedy The, maker of memories posess the recipe to your fate Make no mistake there ain't no escapin your destiny Especially when, 'til death do us part, like wedding rings I'll be here forever, put that on e'rything [singers - repeat 2X] Your everything maaaaaaaaan! [Talib Kweli] Your Alpha and your Omega, your beginning and your end Your father, your brother, your lover your friend The blood in your vein that gets spilled and, runs in the drain That's right my flow one and the same, the joy and the pain My name, the burner that destroy the toy and the train All city all night I'm enjoyin the fame I'm a hustler, I'm a gangster and a rebel with the rank of a general In the battle between God or the Devil I lay claim to your spirit, your religion, your belief system I'll do your hit in your kitchen and you're relief pitchin This kid proficient in, every position The man of your dreams and your nightmares commandin your vision 'Til it's quite clear like light beer, yeah I'm standin right here I get you hot but stay cooler than the night air I try to fit it in the same rhyme But realize, I can't be everything to everyone at the same time [singers - repeat 2X] Your everything maaaaaaaaan! [Outro] First time I heard him, I was in Japan Seems like the first time I heard him was like, the Reflection, Reflection Eternal Like when Kanye came out I guess was when I started to listen, I hate to say that but New York native, and serious Talib fan I came all the way from Puerto Rico just to see Talib Kweli Him, Mos Def all of them man, I need them out here in my life  It's a rainy morning in New York City Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: NY Weather Report Typed by: vic11983@hotmail.com [Intro] Come on...yeah I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everybody who been ridin' with me so far It's been a long journey But they say your life's path is not about the destination, it's all about the journey I appreciate y'all It's my blood, sweat, tears, years of struggle, love, hate, fear New York City, you can make it here you can make it anywhere I came prepared for the rain, hail, sleet, snow Whatever the weather, we ride, let my people go To the place where knowledge is born We walk into the third eye of the storm, check it out [Verse 1] Futuristic lyricist, straight from the renaissance Top of the supper chain, rap's upper echelons My people sufferin', slave to another chain This voyage is maiden, like my mother other name Is this your first trip to hell? We venture capitalists If it's a product, then we got it for sale When I first started to spell, my words fell into rhymes Turned into songs, everything else fell into line I painted pictures you could see, the people bleed in my bars When I was a teen I was mean, about to reach for the stars So if I fell, I fell right in the cloud, tighten the valve Niggas is watered down, used to be no bitin' allowed Now they gangstas, no cryin' allowed You probably see a fight on the stage before you see a fight in the crowd I send this out to my people facin' the storm, homey we ridin' it out You inspire what I'm writin' about It's my blood, sweat, tears, years of struggle, love, hate, fear New York City, you can make it here you can make it anywhere I came prepared for the rain, hail, sleet, snow Whatever the weather, we ride, let my people go To the place where knowledge is born We walk into the third eye of the storm, check it out [Scratching] It's the third eye of the storm It's the third eye of the storm It's the third eye of the storm It's the third eye of the storm Check it out (ha, ha, ha, ha) Check it out (ha, ha, ha, ha) Check it out (ha, ha, ha) We ain't fuckin around (uh uh) [Verse 2] I'm not a judge, but I'm handin' out sentences For political prisoners, and regular inmates with no visitors Niggas in the street outside the reach of the ministers Not those that say spiritual, but actual partitioners Rap listeners who be openin' Black businesses This underground shit with samples that lack clearances Once you get past appearances, you can tell whose shit is fake Or whose shit is based on past experience You really been to war hand to hand like crack sales Building man to man, they tryna kill off the black male Females left to raise up her son, from the day he was one Til he twenty and he raise up a gun And get to blazin' for his place in the sun The smoke grazin' his lung, young in his years and he facin' a ton None of his peers wanna share the role of child care provider But they'll hit a nigga blunt and share saliva You ain't a rider and you hustlin' backwards Too many equate success with imitating these crackers So our kids lookin' up to drug dealers and rappers We takin' all the work away from the Black actors Revelation is first and Armageddon is after Tsunamis and hurricanes, natural disasters The fast food culture, speed is always a factor Instant gratification, they want the catch faster It's my blood, sweat, tears, years of struggle, love, hate, fear New York City, you can make it here you can make it anywhere I came prepared for the rain, hail, sleet, snow Whatever the weather, we ride, let my people go To the place where knowledge is born We walk into the third eye of the storm, check it out [Scratching] It's the third eye of the storm It's the third eye of the storm It's the third eye of the storm It's the place where knowledge is born Check it out (ha, ha, ha, ha) Check it out (ha, ha, ha, ha) Check it out (ha, ha, ha) Talib Kweli That's what it is, break it down [Scratching] Paranorm, I perform through a storm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Hostile Gospel, Pt. 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: singers] + (Talib) Deliver us, deliver us (Yeah) Deliver us, deliver us (What? Yeah) [Talib Kweli] And what the people say? We wanna live it up And what the people want? Please deliver us And what the people need? Hey... I got that, yeah [Talib Kweli] I call these rappers baby seals, cause they club you to death I could call 'em Navy SEALs, cause they government feds What become of the vets? They drugged up, they fucked up, they in debt There ain't no love and no respect, it's like a gang it's like a club or a set Hip-Hop's the new WWF What do you rap or do you wrestle? Niggaz love to forget We got til it's gone, you think you on, you still hustlin backwards Your topical norm a tropical storm, it's a fuckin disaster Back to the topic we on, it all started at Rawkus They couldn't find the words to describe me so they resort to the shortcuts Is he a backpacker? Is he a mad rapper? An entertainer or the author of the last chapter We living in these times of love and cholera Synonymous with the apocalypse, look up the clouds is ominous We got maybe ten years left say meteorologists, shit We still waitin for the Congress to acknowledge this~! [Chorus: Talib Kweli] & (singers in the background) What the people want? Please deliver us We wanna live it up, please deliver us Th-th-this is the, th-th-this is the, this is the hostile gospel I'm reaching through the fire  please deliver us I'm preaching to the choir  please deliver us Just keep it real with us, you scared to spill your blood Your words rung hollow, we need someone to follow [Talib Kweli] You ain't promised tomorrow, so get your paper up You can't always just borrow and asks for favors bruh Stand on your own two, never covet thy neighbor's stuff Karma's a bitch so watch your mouth and what you sayin bruh I start a conversation based on general observation Hip-Hop is not a nation, take it to population Niggaz got a lot to say when locked inside the belly of Satan Awaitin trial debatin how the hell I got placed in this system Am I a victim or just a product of indoctrination? They exploit it and use me like a movie with product placement You hear the congregation; this is the hostile gospel The truth is hard to swallow it'll leave you scarred tomorrow Keep it honest our motto, these niggaz keep it bottled I'm the writer who reach the fighters like speeches by Cus D'Amato DJs stickin to vinyl like "Fuck Serato" Suppliers who ride around the block, in the custom models Ballin like the struck the lotto you know who the cleanest is A nigga keep it reeich with the stitch and greedy geniuses I'm not a hipster, but I flip it like a sneaker pimp Expose the game, treat it like a bitch Smack fire out these hoes, cause they snitch and tap wires while I plead the fifth You can't trust a soul in the biz, so be careful who you eatin with and sleepin with and also who you chiefin with You never know they might've added in secret ingredients [Talib Kweli] Freedom's a road that's seldom traveled, watch hell unravel Right before the eyes of the soldier who fell in battle The single mother who raised her daughter to bear the sacred water And not take the hand of every man who make a offer To black kids wishin they white kids, when they close they eyelids Like, "I bet they neighborhood ain't like this" White kids wishin they black kids, and wanna talk like rappers It's all backwards it's identity crisis The industry inside us is vipers with fangs trying to bite us Drug suppliers is the health care providers We cakin, makin narcotics outta household products We ain't workin out 'til we exorcise the demons that's inside us Plus they seem to just provide us with enough rope to hang ourselves Enough dope to slang ourselves, enough toast to bang ourselves It's officially nigga season, these niggaz is bleedin That's why I'm spittin freedom we had enough of trigger squeezin [Outro: singer] In these tryin days and times All I need is to be free I can't do it on my own Lord can you deliver me? There are trials still to come It's salvation that I need So I'm reachin to the sky Lord can you deliver me? Deliver us... Deliver us, yeah Deliver us, ohhhhhhhhhh Oh, deliver us Deliver us Ohhhhh Deliver us yes Deliver us, deliver us, deliver us Yeah yeah yeah, ohhhhhhhhhh... {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Jean Grae Album: Ear Drum Song: Say Something Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*opening the same as the break from Lords of the Underground's "Funky Child"*} [Talib Kweli] The year is 1975 (yeah, hahaha!) Brooklyn, New York City (stand up) A child destined for greatness is born (we goin in) Let's go! Get your hands in the air (get 'em up~!) Put your hands in the air (put 'em up~!) Get your hands in the air (get 'em up~!) Put your hands in the air (put 'em up~!) Talk shit now (now... now... now... ) What? What? Talk shit now (now... now... now... ) What? Talk shit now (now... now... now... ) What? Talk shit now (now... now... now... ) What? Talk shit now (now... now... now... ) Say something, say something (what was that?) Say something (I dare you), say something [Talib Kweli] +The Lord Chief Rocka+ I'm colder than meatlockers My people keep throwin it up like cheap vodka I smack internet MC's and beat bloggers You can see my +Black Thought+ like 'Riq Trotter It's deep, go ahead and sleep, they know in the street Kwe' gon flow on the beat proper composin complete operas Longer than a cigar that's Godfather Tappin two heart chakras I'm harder than gobstoppers People comin for the throne not knowin the seat hotter than fish grease, criminal names on police blotters You convinced me, I hit targets like top shotters Out in the mideast like Muslims takin Shahada I'm sayin makin a profit a product of Reaganomics Awake and I'm stayin conscious to radio playin garbage (yeh!) Blacksmith Music, if you don't pay homage I'ma show you how we break an artist That's a threat, I'm not makin a promise Speak to the people like Barack Obama They worship like the black Madonna, c'mon Niggaz talk shit, but they ain't got skills I'm the type of nigga to put lead in your grill Number two pencil is sharper to bruise mentals, and beatin in my chest is the heart of a true gentleman Still spit right in your face Fuck a Top 8, back up, gimme +MySpace+ you're not safe {*Lords of the Underground horn break again*} Hahahaha Yeah, they say I'm back, but I ain't go nowhere though Been here the whole time Where you been? You back Matter fact, apologize [Jean Grae] Yeah, open your mouth, say somethin, I fuckin dare you Chokin you out 'til you can't suck any air through Fuck with your man too, thinkin I can't do what I plan to Vet vandal, niggaz are brand new Ain't knew I was bad news? Look at the tattoos Get ran through like you was fingers through Sassoon Horror chick in the bathroom, off the backstage room Shit you couldn't imagine, nigga I'll harass you I'll Ras Kass you, +Soul on Ice+ and body cast dude Past due, Jean and Kwe' the last two action heroes Actually had the capacity, to be the ones in a class of zeroes Hip-Hop's not dead, it was on vacation We back, we bask in the confrontation You can ask me, have any conversation You talk shit, Blacksmith, Jean, I'm waitin nigga [Talib Kweli] We not fallin for your trick cause your image is like a gimmick Forget it every rhyme is bitten, you like a mimic I'm talkin to the lord and I'm askin him for forgiveness Just for kickin niggaz out the club like Michael Richards Yeah I admit, I'm guilty, the way I spit is filthy I keep it gritty so they get it they feel me, the flow is known for touchin the soul of street hustlers I speak in the language they know I keep customers The writin therapeutic, it's due to the pain and sufferin While these dudes get it confused and abuse the creative substance I'm givin you a contact high, my name buzzin And I came in the game with nothin, stop frontin nigga Talk shit now! [Outro - over LOTUG break again] The year of the Blacksmith is not defined by any calendar Just thought I'd remind all you challengers Get the name right, Talib Kweli, BKMC, say it again Get your hands in the air (get 'em up~!) Put your hands in the air (put 'em up~!) Get your hands in the air (get 'em up~!) Put your hands in the air (put 'em up~!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Raheem DeVaughn, UGK Album: Ear Drum Song: Country Cousins Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Raheem DeVaughn] Down cousins.. across the border I got cousins.. country cousins I got cousins.. country cousins WHOO! [Talib Kweli over Intro] Yo son, what the deal son? What's really hood son? (what's really hood?) Word is bond, shit is real, shit is real Yo son, this block is def Nigga need to go over here and pop off real quick I gotta get that guap by all means, you know what I'm sayin son [Talib Kweli] Growing up in Brooklyn, shit I thought that everybody talked this way Raised on Rakim and Run-D.M.C., so we thought that everybody +walked this way+ "We fresh, we chill, we def, we ill," it's just some things that was taught to say And every Saturday morning, I watched cartoons with a bowl of Frosted Flakes And.. the puberty came, started hitting them cuties with game and the truancy came (uh!) Started cutting in acting class, I was comin all fast, I was new to the game (uh!) Used to playin on T.V., courtesy of video music box Plus! Knew a lot of hustlas, goin O.T., comin back with the new hip-hop Like! E-40 holding down the yay (that yay), N.W.A. in L.A. OutKast from the A-Town, way down in Houston they play the UGK I walk and talk kinda fast and thought of as a New York kinda rhymer (word is bond) But must New Yorkers got family in South and North Carolina (come on!) L.A. is little Alabama, they walk and they talk with a country grammar And you think everybody else sound country, so they get started, started callin 'em "Bama Down south where we buy them hammers, down south where we sell them drugs Down south where life is cheap, where they quick to fill you up with slugs [Chorus Talib Kweli w/ Raheem DeVaughn singing in background] It's nothin, I'm from New York but I got country cousins It's nothin, you stay connected by the slang you bustin Want it simply put? You can't rip me when I spit for the Section One free I'ma underground king, nigga Pimp C free Word up to my man Bun B what? It's nothin, I'm from New York but I got country cousins It's nothin, you stay connected by the slang you bustin The thing you bustin, the game you hustlin, the days your cuttin The flame you cuffin and the lames you snuffin, your name is nothin! [Bun B] Growing up in P.A., I knew nobody out there talked like us Nothin but that county slang, "What up dog? What up cuzz?" Late night you see us guzzling 40's, menthols, wine, and weed Sitting on the back porch, getting zooted, feeling fine in deed Listening to Eric B.and Rakim or EPMD Cool C and Steady B, plus that Public Enemy Not to mention N.W.A., DJ Quik, and MC Eiht Down south we listen to it all, we didn't discriminate Then along came Geto Boys, Raheem, and the Royal Flush Rap-A-Lot Records based out in Houston, represents for us O.G. Style, The Convicts, Def IV and Too Much Trouble Odd Squad and Ganksta NIP put it down for H-Town on the double So I said, "It's time to hustle," got down with my brother C Put together UGK and shit the rest is history We make hits by the dozen, put it down when they said we wasn't Trust me it's nothin, just another day in the life for country cousins [Pimp C] In Brooklyn, New York I'm down with Large and Marl Back in P.A.T., man we be sippin the barre I'm down with J. from Houston and I think it should be But when I'm mobbin L.A. I fuck with Ice-T Short Dog is my O.G., we been down forever Taught me the game, lane to lane, and keep my pimpin together Niggaz don't understand by far back in the day It was amazing and my brother put me up on Black Star Starving blacks on the news, I weighed Cause we isolate ourselves and give our ghetto pass away My niggaz passed away in an unreal way They mommas depleted, I'm just tryna make sure that their kids straight I'm on the chitalin tour with my mic in my hand Shittin on these jealous niggaz in the new world clan I wouldn't trade it for nothin, only a crazy man would I represent for the whole South, I made it just for my hood The pimpin's good... [Raheem DeVaughn] I got cousins (I got cousins), country cousins (country cousins) Like blood that's thicker than water (it's nothin), down dirty 'cross the border I got cousins (I got cousins), country cousins (country cousins) Like blood that's thicker than water (it's nothin), down dirty 'cross the border In my country cousins! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Holy Moly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Yeah, as a kid growin up in Brooklyn, my pops was a DJ He had a bunch of records  funk, jazz, rhythm and blues, soul There was this one gospel record I liked like, like Like holy moly, I might get some religion and leave you holy holy Yeah, this rhyme is so fat it's roly poly I give you intimate details so you can get to know me These corporate rappers like "Why this dude pickin on me?" You rap your way to the top, but now it's gettin lonely Kids is hungry and you lookin like a steak from Nick & Tony's But don't nobody want your jewels, cause your shit is phony Say word? Your shit is real~?! Damn, your shit is corny My rhymes turn a new page like Mark Foley And touch kids like when Larry Clark gave the part to Chloe Rest in peace to Harold Hunter, the greatest from NEWWW YAWK Started out skatin for Zoo York Word hangin out at The Gavin, I was very lucky To talk to Rash' once I got past Derek Dudley Got him on "Respiration", that's pre-Badu Bet you Garnett Reid got a Matt Doo tattoo Sometimes I feel like I'm drownin I gotta tread water Head above the water I always remember Headquarters Heads up, eyes open, I got my mind focused I find hope inside a line, my rhymes define opus Sometimes hopeless people, fill my thoughts with evil My record so hard it broke the needle At the Mixtape Awards niggaz act like they don't give a fuck though And disrespect the legacy of Justo What the blood claat? No, let the blood flow You ain't come to pay your respect, then what you come fo'? Too many good niggaz die, it's like a stop loss Hood niggaz ghetto like fried wings and hot sauce How you hard? The cops lettin 50 shots off Baby Jay-Z's with the knockoff Scott Storch beat You are not Short, you are not Katt You're not a player or a pimp, money stop that Learn to master your speech and be eloquent Rappers keep peddlin sweets, the beats weaker than gelatin We used to kick up dust, now we settlin Rest in peace to Dilla, Weldon, we can't forget you Professor X and, Proof we miss you, word Rest in peace to Shaka, twenty one gun salute In the air like "BLAKA BLAKA BLAKA" You're still here cause you're livin through me You're like a gift God has given to me Uh, uh, uh, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Eat to Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Yeah, this is a ghetto prayer Prayin for all of those who ain't got it We gotta get it there, we gotta get it yeah Yeah the people starvin for somethin new, we starvin for it (My tummy hurts, I couldn't eat) Mmmm, mmm, mmm (Did you have fun at school today Trey?) My little man go to bed so hungry Get up, go to school with his nose runny, come home with his nose bloody His sister laughin, he like "What's so funny~?" 'Til she drowned out by the sounds of hunger pains in his tummy Nuttin in the freezer, nuttin in the fridge Couple of 40 ounces but nuttin for the kids Little man know to eat to live but he don't wanna leave the crib The kid who punched him in his face house right down the street from his He went anyway, more scared to face his moms She'll beat him soon as she flip out, seein his face scarred Walkin past the dopefiends with they smoke to the place of God Hopes and dreams pourin out the holes in they face and arms Little man in the face of harm if he don't eat He need energy so when he go to school he can compete And keep up, all he got is bodegas But hey he only got enough a for quarter water and a Now or Later Anyway, grandma say Jesus'll be here any day Good - cause with nuttin to eat it's gettin hard to pray... pray... [Chorus: repeat 4X] In order to receive, then we need to give We gotta feed the kids, they gotta eat to live [Talib Kweli] Listen... My rhymes got nutritional value I get it how I live, it's critical when the conditions allow you Do you don't trust the critics who doubt you Try to write shit about you, but they can't make a living without you Go hungry, you gotta watch what the media feed ya And don't be a poisoned animal eater either It's harder than it sound, cause nowadays, put that swine in everything The white sugar so addictive it's pure 'caine They got, pork in the toothpaste, soda in the Sunny D Jello brand gelatin is laced with the lecatin In Africa they starvin, over here the food hurt you Cows goin mad and the chickens crunk with bird flu It's too ill how the food kill it's like blue steel Lies never set you free, but the truth will The truth still matter the proof is in the batter or the pudding You can tell we eatin good, we gettin fatter Listen... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Kanye West, Roy Ayers Album: Ear Drum Song: In The Mood Typed by: gezzius@gmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yes, welcome to the wonderful sounds of Talib Kweli Ladies... I got you in the mood, for an interlude, Raw like in the nude, I hope this ain't considered rude, But let's stop talkin, cause it's feelin like an interview, I know you into me, so, let me get into you, I'm always in the mood for laughin and lovin and rappin and *fuckin*, And passin the dutch and relaxin and puffin and hittin and duckin, The rippin production, these kittens ain't muffins, Just because we stuff 'em in the oven, My words drippin off the tongue like the wax from a candle wick, Ill the way I lay down the rap, they can't handle it, Cats all sappy like romantic flicks, dude, get a clue, Like Colonel Mustard in the study with a candlestick, They holdin hands with these dudes like they goin steady, But, one glimpse and I know they ready, you already know, Slipped her a note like, 'you ready to go?' We make a getaway plan and we head for the do'! [Chorus] x 2 I wear the night like a cloak 'cause I move with the stars, Navigate through the truly bizarre, Who we are, who we is, it's the kids that stay true to this life, And if the mood is right, we gon' do it tonight, [Kanye] You messin up my mo', my whole mood, told you, oh, Lose, eat crews like crews like soulfood, The only producer that feel like "fuck rappers!" Only backpacker with a chip like hackers, Only Michael Richardson, only much blacker, So if he say nigger, then I'ma say *cracker*, Is this the Ritz? Carlton? Dress like, fresh, like, just like.. I'm the shit (Uggh) You ain't figured out what I'm about yet, Always rockin that 'this ain't out yet', But this ain't 'bout that, From a city where niggers plug like outlets, Far as music go yo, it ain't no outlets, so, When I go out, niggers always out to get me in the studio, And I ain't in the mood to flow, I'm with my girl and I'm tryin to hit the movies yo, And they tryna act stupid, oh! In the club with Silicone Suzie, What happened to real girls like Rudy? With real titties like Tooty, This girl got a silicone booty! And got the nerve to act moody! Now I ain't tryin to judge like Judy, But bitch you a man, you can't fool me! Act like Fifty, throw her in a pool G... [Chorus] x 2 Talib: Break it down Bringin the drum, keep it funky like a stink in a slum, 'Cause see they wanna breed cursin for the things that don't come The speakers wrong that we rap dudes speakin in tongues Christmas time choice for what? No we keepin our guns Smokin a piff to cause a leak in your lungs, You ain't got shit to do like Friday when the weekend begun, Completely done with rap dudes - don't compete with the dumb, I spill my blood for my people, see how deep it can run? I'm in the mood like Dante and Main Flow, Never comin with the same flow, got it's change, yo It's strange yo, to make yo chain glow, that's yo main goal That's a facade like I'm somewhere over the rainbow Really these cats sweeter than mangoes, Mr Bojangles-ass dudes, Dancin around the club, doin the tango, Go hard like Iverson playin with hurt ankles, Plus, wrestle the topic from a different Kurt Angle! [Chorus] x 2 [Roy Ayers] Wow, that's a nice track! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Norah Jones Album: Eardrum Song: Soon the New Day Typed by: finallyfreefrom_74@yahoo.com [Verse 1] Here we go like Yes yes yawl To the beat yawl Ain't no sleep yawl To the break of dawn 5 o'clock in the morning We keep rockin on The workin people runnin like the stop clock is on We got it poppin in the meat market Chicks take a seat, park it  By the bar so they can meet the Vick with deep pockets And them dudes Buy them cars that turn 'em in to sweet objects  of desire Big rims and them tires We finna drop it like it's heavy as hell The clan of the cavebear Used to use the club to hit and drag her by the hair Still use the club to get her a martini or a beer Try to get her home and put the smell of sex in the air Come through like the cable guy Get 'er done That 'ole hit 'n run Turn into bitter ones Tonight is catch me if you can You can taste the ginger bread Ain't nothing like wakin' up with a stranger in yur bed Nope! [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [Talib Kweli] Tomorrow I'll be like  Were am I? Whets your name? Gotta go, I'm glad you came [Norah Jones] But tonight you, will be so fun [Talib Kweli] Maybe you're the one! [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [Verse 2] Puttin on some Airs King For a Day Hard to face your fears we wear the mask like Cory McKay You have a ball today It's all a masquerade Shorty paint her face like a clown but can't take away the frown Found under the make up I asked her "What's your passion?" answered "What's the paper" she sleep and they don't want her to wake up  Maybe they should realize their own beauty Baby you a star and not just a star on some dudes home movies Chorus [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [Talib Kweli] Tomorrow I'll be like  Were am I? What's your name? Gotta go, I'm glad you came [Norah Jones] But tonight you, will be so fun [Talib Kweli] Maybe you're the one! [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [Verse 3] Steppin out, I got my best outfit on Gotta get it in. I'm slippin in the darkness like most of the day is gone We up all night I wonder if can hang We used to hang from a tree Now we hangin behind the rope we V.I.P. We do it B.I.G. Ain't no need to See I.D. Thee entire scenery Shrouded in mystery Clouded with greenery Six girls to every three dudes So you have half a chance If you ask to have a dance The ones ready to freak off don't need no romance They belong to the sisterhood of the traveling pants They got them Hungry eyes you know sensual trance At a glance The alcohol got you sexually advanced The truth is so boring you gotta pretend a little; the antidote is more colorful the rainbow and the Skittles And the quest to trap the cat The game is the Tinder Fiddles to get the bruce to say the sky's fallin like your Chicken Little.  Come on! [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [Talib Kweli] Tomorrow I'll be like  Were am I? Whats your name? Gotta go, I'm glad you came [Norah Jones] But tonight you, will be so fun [Talib Kweli] Maybe you're the one! [Norah Jones] Soon the new day, breaks the dawn But tonight you, will be so fun Soon the new day, breaks the dawn But tonight you, will be so fun Soon the new day, breaks the dawn [4 times] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Give 'Em Hell Typed by: digi530@bellatlantic.net [Intro] Okay This what it is now a days right Little noises and whatnot I got one though Ready or not It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Word [Verse 1] Every Sunday dressing up catching gossip at its worst Couldn't see the difference in the Baptist and the Catholic Church Caught up in the rapture of the first chapter and second verse If we all God's children then what's the word of the reverend worth Taught early that faith is blind like justice when you facing time If we all made in God's image then that means his face is mine Wait or it's that blasphemy it's logical it has to be If I don't look like my father then the way I live is bastardly Naturally that's confusion to a young'n trying to follow Christ Taught that if you don't know Jesus then you lead a hollow life Never question the fact that Jesus was Jewish not a Christian Or that Christianity was law according to politicians Who was King James? And why did he think it was so vital to remove chapters and make his own version of the Bible They say Hell is underground and Heaven is in the sky And they say that's where you go when you die but how they know It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) [Verse 2] I've been to many churches I've quoted many verses I've dealt with my base self I controlled my many urges I used to study my lessons It was a blessing not a curse I learned that Heaven and Hell exist right here on Earth, word Studied with Rastafarians and learned from the dreads that Hell is called Babylon And that's where them crazy boarheads dwell They got us thinking that Muslims like to make bombs But real Muslims believe in paradise and the resist the Shaitan So it all sound the same to me That's why when they say one is right and the other is wrong it just sound like game to me It's like God skipped past the church and came to me No that ain't vein to me It's just a particular way that I came to see The difference between those who claim to be Religious and those that say they spiritual And recognizing that life is full of miracles You could see my glow in a rhyme The poem divine 'cause it coincide with a grow in the time that those who looking for God knowin' to go inside It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup [Verse 3] Yo, living in mass confusion Looking for absolution The gas seducing and psychopath produce the last solution Based on his interpretation of what the words were saying Trying to get to God but ended up doing the work of Satin Religion create the vision Make the Muslim hate the Christian Make the Christian hate the Jew Make the rules of faith That you condition to and to you gotta follow And God forbid you go to Hell But if you ever walked through any ghetto then you know it well We in the third eye of the storm It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) It's all going to (Hell) Yup, we living in (Hell) Yup, they giving us (Hell) [Outro] The Lord is my shepherd I shall not want Just because the lord is my shepherd don't mean I gotta be no sheep You feel me? More blood is spilled over religion than anything in world history We saying the same thing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Dion Album: Ear Drum Song: More or Less Typed by: vic11983@hotmail.com Y'all hear that Whats that sound Ya know ya want it I'ma tell um what we need [Verse One] More franchising, less sanitizing More uprising, less downsizing More enterprising, less sympathizing More building, less destroying More jobs, less unemployment Let's give the devil less enjoyment More originality, less biting off 'Pac and Big More community activism, less pigs More blacksmithing, def jerks less Geffen and the rest cause the rest suck they got the shit all messed up More marijuana, less coke More accountability from politician before we shouting let's vote More schools, less prisons More freestyles, less written More serious shit and less kidding More history, less mystery More Beyonce, less Brittney More happiness, less misery More victory, less loses More workers we all bosses Of course it's reflection! (What we need?) [Chorus: Dion] More love less hate more real less fake more grind less wishing less stunting more fame less talking more changes less rushing more vision [Verse Two] God bless the hood when my money always good I can get some chicken now thinking couldn't when I could son I live above the rim and pay the full like my nigga what crack his hoe niggas wish we all wish a nigga would crack a joke Like he want to battle for the mic This is Brooklyn, the planet Y'all niggas is like satellites revolve around my every word I address the crowd like Lincoln at Gettysburg Surrounded by the heavy herb The crowd is more or less wall to wall here's for the pure Hip-Hop how, I'm rocking got them dropping they jaw Fire marshall blocking the door Does he crack like he chopping the Raw This is the shit the cops is stopping us for This is the rain of the tek and the motherfuckers be nuts Slice like nip tuck, specialize in deep cuts It's the music that you riding to Provided to you by Hi-Tek and Kweli the livest two (What we need? What we need) [Verse Three] The more I put into it the less it sounds like non-sense The more natural, the less conscious At the same time the more bomb shit The less a devil's got a grip I get it loose we gotta slip away the ghetto yea More for a dollar, more fresh goods for purchase Less liquor stores Less churches that be looking like corner stores More rap songs that stress purpose With less misogyny less curses Let's put more depth in our verses 'til they left on the surface While we stomp through the underground The calm don't come around You sort of hoping for that refection, you sort of open I'm a heathen call 'em chosen I don't play with your emotion Stop acting so god damn emotional I give you these bars free like it's promotional This ain't no marketing strategy It had to be from the heart in order to be reality Reflection (What we need? What we need) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Stay Around Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Ladies and gentlemen Kweli! [Hook] Won't you stay around with me?... And please say the rhyme Cause these rappers think that I'm In love with your state of mind Cause you a favourite of mine And I know you on your grind I don't want to waste your time But baby won't you stay around with me?... And let my love (and let my love) And let my love [Verse 1] Kweli you should rap about this, you should rap about that Any more suggestions? You in the back, yeah you You should rap more on beat, you should rap more street And never ever get your mack on please, how bout you? I like the way you're melodic, it's cause you capture hypnotic Portraits and seem to make the average exotic Probably unite, I know you getting some love, but you can't spit like a thug And you a blow, you make a hit for the club, word I don't like your voice, I don't like your choice of beats It sounds like it's forced, and what was up with "Back Up Offa Me"? I ain't like that, now you should get with Hi-Tek Now he got nice tracks, them other dudes is type wack Yeah, people keeping it coming, I keep it bubbling Like the heat from oven boiling the water and the hate So they light my fire... I got a mic empire, my own label I had to emancipate me-me like Mariah... At some point I might retire, on some bullshit My legacy, horseshit like Mariah's... Illest flow found in the game, soothing like the sound of the rain It's the dude profound with the fame, I refusing to be sounding the same Keeping the verses, deleting the curses, defeating the purpose When the people go on strike, I'm in the street with the workers Speaking the words from a pulpit like the preachers at churches Raise my hand, all the teachers get nervous Cause they know I air them out And they ain't even really gotta hear me out Keep it dirty like pigpen, voice in the warrior's head like Lynne Thigpen Clocking like Big Ben, old school slang still find a way to innovate Pete Rock got em feeling great, the ladies say [Hook] Won't you stay around with me?... And please say the rhyme Cause these rappers think that I'm In love with your state of mind Cause you a favorite of mine And I know you on your grind I don't want to waste your time But baby won't you stay around with me?... And let my love (and let my love) And let my love [Verse 2] Light the tip of the L, this heavyweight rap tipping the scale And we never let the system prevail, real picturesque, missing the sale Never that, it's forbidden like the candy sisters lifting the veil I'm still leading the pack, these cats lacking Just because you be having a dragon don't mean you got the fire... It ain't nothing to play with, it's sacred My pen is the paintbrush, and dipping in paint plus Truth, love, joy, anger, hatred and anguish That's the spectrum of colours I paint with I don't feast at the banquet cause freedom is the set that I bang with Listen the conditions in my slum village is tainted I grew through the pavement, like the flower the girl drew in the paper The sky bluer and the obvious save you The rules of engagement that they use, attitudes of a slave Man got me stressed out losing my patience The moves that I'm making across waters Through contraband that I'm taking across borders Information never lost in translation Too many new words to be learned, I'm spitting fire giving third degree burns Giving them heat stroke, hotter than rocking a P cote At Van Ness suite though, all these rappers super like me so, we go Back in the days like reminiscing with Pete yo Ladies welcome to the Kweli show She goes... [Hook] Won't you stay around with me?... And please say the rhyme Cause these rappers think that I'm In love with your state of mind Cause you a favorite of mine And I know you on your grind I don't want to waste your time But baby won't you stay around with me?... And let my love (and let my love) And let my love [Outro] Ladies and Gentleman, its Talib Kweli Yeah, this Ear Drum y'all B-B-B-B-Banging on your ear drum We got the incredible Pete Rock on the track like... I like that, I like that I want to give an extra big shout to my man Dave Dart Holding me down as always and as usual And his new born son, Cannon, brand new to the world He's now down with Blacksmith, Blacksmith is the movement Jean Grae, Strong Arm Steady gang, Talib Kweli It's what it is, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Hot Thing Typed by: yosoymejorqueel@gmail.com Yeah Special dedication I'm sending this one out to you and you and you and you I said to you and you and you [Verse 1] She cold blooded I love how we meltin' the ice She like the sunshine of my life Cuz all I see is a *hot thing* You're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" Word, you keep my dark sky lit up at night So bright that you blinding my sight Cuz all I see is a "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" Word, somebody like a flick It got surprisin' twists I write the script The main character  your thighs and hips Award for best supporting role go to your eyes and lips The way you move your body got 'em stiff like a hieroglyph I watched you dance across the floor to the title track You 'bout to get me "Off The Wall" like you Michael Jack' I make a scribe in your beauty my sacred duty I will write a song, write a book, write a play, make a movie [Chorus: repeat 2X] Good love you a sexy thing And all I'm sayin' is you got something I like Love that you like it Love that you like it Love that you like it [Verse 2] Yo, I love your country ass I love your city sass I love how your normal ways; you catch on pretty fast These dudes are pretty crass Harass you in your past I love how you snap back and get the last laugh I love the way your crib smell like Votivo candle incense The white voice you use on the phone when you handle business I love it when you freaky I love when you a lady Rockin' door knockers from the late 80s, raisin' babies I love her; god bless you Your body somethin' special I love to play connect the dots with your facial freckles No need for fashion policin' because I love your style Whatever happen to Shenice, baby I love your smile? I might be fallin' in love, should I let her know? A pimp told me if I love her I should let her go I sing her praises every time they play this instrumental Cuz she instrumental to my life [Verse 3] I love how we meltin' the ice You like the sunshine of my life Cuz all I see is a *hot thing* You're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" Word, you keep my dark sky lit up at night So bright that you blinding my sight Cuz all I see is a "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" And you're my "hot thing" Word, lemme take you by the hand You need to tell your man "Don't fight it, damn" Have you groupied out like excited fans I promise you'll be climbing walls like Spider-Man Knees buckling you'll hit the floor when you try to stand (up) So you drop it like it's hot  oh so heavy You and me we can leave now  we can go steady How about we be jetty cuz I'm so ready to bounce like a '64 Chevy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Talib Kweli f/) Sa-Ra Creative Partners Album: Ear Drum Song: Space Fruit (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for the first 20 seconds*} [Sa-Ra Creative Partners] I just wanna say Let me, taste, the, fruit, of, your, space  Oh what a, oh what a day I just wanna play Ma-gick-al vi-sions, what, we, lay  I wanna, I wanna stay {*instrumental for the next 26 seconds*} [Sa-Ra Creative Partners] I just wanna say Let me, taste, the, fruit, of, your, space  Oh what a, oh what a day I just wanna play Ma-gick-al vi-sions, what, we, lay  I wanna, I wanna stay {*instrumental to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ KRS-One Album: Ear Drum Song: The Perfect Beat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Check this out..." [KRS-One] Hooooooooooooo~! (HEY DJ!) WHAT? ("I know you're gonna dig this") Yeah, yeah, yeh yeh! KRS, ohhhh~! Talib Kweli Talib this is crazy, yo this is crazy Hah... what'chu doin? Throw your hands up, c'mon [T] BK to BX and every place in between, it's all 7-18 like [K] Grand Concourse, whassup! [Talib Kweli] We got beats to the rhyme and the rhyme is so fresh yo So what'chu got? 9's and tecs, you no threat It's the beat, how you get your cake don't matter It takes heart the lyrics been replaced with the swagger I stay sharp enough to slash your face like a dagger The actors been replaced with the rappers The rappers been replaced with the actors, see how they try to stay on the beat The pig route when he walkin down the street to the beat [KRS-One] WOOP~! Sound of da police What is the life of a true hip-hopper, the beats Peace love unity livin proper with the beats In any endeavor whatever we will prosper with our beats Some cats are real, other are impostors with beats We the realest, livest The rawest, crack cocaine heroin survivors with beats We avoided the cops, we focused on beefs Spittin, all we saw was stacks of rhymes written, elite Way too smart for the system of course We know a smart free black man just pisses 'em off! What they like is when we glisten and gloss Flashin millions but still takin a loss Bump the beat! Yeah, all in the street Talib yo, I think it's 'bout time to speak [Talib Kweli] Yeah... yeah... word~! Watch me take it there, life ain't no Christmas there Hell yeah it's crystal clear when Kweli and Kris is here Searching for the perfect beat I went to East Dayt' It's crazy and fugazi how they slaves to they release date They try to look away, they're scared to look inside Askin why like a guy who look for God up in the sky (that's right) Searchin high and low, behind the do', inside the drawer Little did he know that the beat was tryin to find a flow Stuck in limbo, how low can you go A punched hole through your stomach lining like Tylenol Build all kind of rolled, metaphors and similies that'll have you doubtin my competitor's abilities My whole body is a spiritual facility Rock a vest after a lyrical killing spree The illest delivery, later for the talk we need action Silence is golden but the violence is platinum When you rappin to the beat [KRS-One] Boom, bap, who's, that? KRS-One bring the beat back The perfect beat we seek that, knowledge of mind we speak that We don't speak weak crap over weak tracks MOVE, THAT; we speak boom bap live in the club We can show and prove that [Talib Kweli] Yeah, it ain't old school or new school it's true school rap Beat you 'til you're blue and black, true dat, it's [KRS-One] Better beat win again, work the street Movin again, insert the heat Lookin again for the perfect beat Don't look in the book to learn to eat Write up a hook, learn to speak Never be shook, follow the heat Forever they look weak T.K. you must speak! [Talib Kweli] Teachin 'em how to eat to live They cheap and their pimp is pleadin the fifth Bleedin as if they goin to war Everytime they leavin the crib Sneakers and whips, police be peepin the strip You see 'em walkin the beat Hoes believin the pimps who eatin the shrimps So John's walkin the street Lookin for a sweet face, in each case Tryin to get they heartbeat racin, and the dark meat be tastin so delicious, my description so good to the beat It's lifted right from the sounds that you hear in the hood when you sleep [KRS-One] Bring the beat back! All that whackness, we don't need that You gotta bring the beat back! All that whack garbage, we don't need that Bring the beat back! All that weakness we don't need that Selector bring the beat back, bring the beat back! Selector, listen! [Talib Kweli] Yeah, DJ Rhettmatic Talib Kweli, hip-hop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Musiq Soulchild Album: Ear Drum Song: Oh My Stars Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Kids Rapping] I'm freestyling, for me, myself and I I write them on the paper til it gets sky high I say goodbye, to all the bad things I've done I start a new beginning, at this is how it begun From, KRS-One to Talib Kweli Now I'm the best superstar on BET And MTV, better yet I'm known universally I am the key, to being the best MC The prophecy, the one and only A timeless masterpiece, I ain't the least I'm the best, cause God said so I'm just trying to express my lyrical flow [Talib Kweli with Musiq Soulchild harmonising throughout] Yo, yo It feel good, it feel so damn good, it feel It feel good, it feel so damn, uh It feel good, it feel so damn good, it feel It feel good, yo, yo, yo It feel good, it feel so damn good, it feel Baby tell me how it feel when I always keep it real It feel good, it feel so damn good, it feel Yo, now how it feel? Yo [Verse 1 - Talib Kweli] It feel good, it feel so damn good, it feel Khalil brought the fly shit, I brought the hood appeal Notes from the piano is falling out the sky Like angels losing their wings so they see how it feel to cry Babies have babies for the welfare coupons Dudes on the radio rapping, them cats is lukewarm I get up on it, spit up on it like a new born The family structure ruptured, there's living proof like a group home B-Boy being a man, throw a suit on Stepping out hotter than Tuscon when the soup's on My son like "Daddy, I be missing you when you gone" I said I gotta go so I can stack chips like Lou Corn I ask my daughter how I look, she fixed my hat so I can wear it cool Cause she's like "That's what they wear in school" Then she asked me "Daddy, you know any superstars?" I looked at her and said "Stop being silly, that's what you two are" I say it now and I've said it before And you can trust me on this cause I've been through it y'all Follow your heart and you can do it dog Baby you're a star... [Musiq Soulchild] All of the days... All of the days, of my life I spent on trying to find Yet another way to show you how, how special you are There ain't no body, that can take that away from you No matter what... Even though... [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli with Musiq Soulchild harmonising throughout] Yeah, yo, yo, yo And even though mummy and daddy might fight all through the night Argue and fuss, you a part of us that we've got to get right I don't love you to death, cause I love you to life And you a teenager, you might not want my advice You might be full of spite, think you're grown, still a tyke And say things that cut like a patient under the knife I say this, cause I was once a teenager too And respect for my peers is really all that I related to But I made it through, you gonna make it too So much I wanna say to you... [Talib Kweli - Repeat until fade] Baby you a star, that's what you are to me You know I can tell? Cause you a part of me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Ear Drum Song: Listen!!! Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] This the year of the Blacksmith Talib Kweli (Kweli) K-1 (K-1) Let's go! {"Listen!"} Yeah, yeah niggaz don't {"Listen!"} Back in the days we all used to {"Listen!"} Now shit is so wack, nobody {"Listen!"} To that real hip-hop, yo {"Listen!"} Ladies and gentlemen, get ready here it come {"Listen!"} Talib Kweli and I'm bangin on your eardrum {"Somethin I wanna tell you"} Now let me get up in it Wait, wait, wait, wait {"Wait just a minute"} [Talib Kweli] Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears Start repentin cause the endin is near But don't, panic you can't function if you livin in fear Pay attention you gotta listen to hear {"Wait just a minute"} Who the fuck you think you talkin to? Put you on hold, get a specialist to walk you through Kweli, the flow captain to fast or slow rappin I'm soul crackin, you ain't heard your shit appear like closed captions King of the bars and I'm goin hardcores All my confidence comes from knowin God's laws Bangin on the system, fightin my kind of war Loud as a whisper, quiet as a lion's roar [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Ladies and gentlemen, get ready here it come {"Listen!"} Talib Kweli and I'm bangin on your eardrum {"Somethin I wanna tell you"} Now let me get up in it It's for your spirits so, but y'all don't hear me though {"Listen!"} Get up, get into it and get involved {"Listen!"} There's a little somethin that I wanna spit for y'all {"Somethin I wanna tell you"} Now let me get up in it Wait, wait, wait, wait {"Wait just a minute"} [Talib Kweli] Get it now, get it fast, get it right Get it big, get it live, get it done, get it tight {"Somethin I wanna tell you"} But you don't really hear me though I, spit it clearly so it's live at your stereo To your heart while it's beatin in your chest I'm speakin to execs in the seat behind the desk To your spirit nuttin weaker than the flesh So while you try to keep it fresh you gettin deeper in the depth Real hip-hop is missin from the shelf Yep, it's what you felt when you listen to yourself Only a few is makin cuts that finish So before you spend your hard-earned spinach {"Wait just a minute"} [Talib Kweli] Yeah, you love the sounds comin out your speaker I spit rounds like a 9-millimeter The youth today they, frown at the teachers They ain't down with no leaders, they don't wanna wait just a {"minute"} They like "What nigga? Wait right there I got reservoir dogs, you be missin a right ear" {"Listen!"} Get it clear, figure is my year I'm everywhere makin appearances in niggaz nightmares Hear the word, peep the flow, check the cadence What you heard is a pro I'm so amazin Don't front girl you know it's your favorite New Kweli yo they runnin out of patience [Outro: Talib Kweli] Yo, don't it sound so good to ya? Uhh, it's the return of the greatest y'all Talib Kweli, BKMC, Blacksmith is the movement Blacksmith is the music, what you ridin for? What you livin for, what you dyin for? {"Somethin I wanna tell you"} Bangin on your eardrum, yeah {"Wait just, wait just, wait just a minute"} {"Listen!"} {"Wait just, wait just, wait just a minute"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Strong Arm Steady Album: Eardrum Song: Go With Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Talib Kweli] In your eardrum so furious It ain't a game, it ain't a joke, it's so serious The best flow period, let's go! (Klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack) Yo, the year of the Blacksmith It ain't defined by any calender Just thought I'd remind all you challengers, uhh (Klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack-klack) C'mon, Talib Kweli, Strong Arm Steady (Blacksmith) Yeah, when I jump in the stu' with beautiful rap staff You could bump in yo' hoopty, bump in yo' Cadillac Blacksmith, S.A.S., real rap that people just be seein the surface, they can't get past that Phil Da Ag' smoke in your stash, Mitchy like klack-klack Krondon got crack rap, I got your back back Homie swing you better +duck+ like Aflac Lames just, stay in your lane, the flow is HazMat [Phil Da Agony] Yeah, we back for the '07, say goodbye to this '06 shit Yeah we here for the championship And that's exactly what we came to get You know the name of this, organization that made you famous It's the Strong Arm, with the long arm to throw the bomb on the drop of the dime; we at the top of the line Plus we on the incline, the rhymes be finer than wine Design them in the mind, they shine like diamonds Fresh out the coal mine, young soul, old mind I'ma hold mine, Steady spittin cold lines Sharpen it up, backwoods sparkin it up These niggaz act like, what I rap like in the clutch I mastered the dutch, Dizzle tell 'em to duck Hitman for hire, Blacksmith put it up Courtesy of Kweli, you got a problem with me Phil Da Agony, Strong Arm Steady! [Chorus: Talib Kweli] We 'bout to open up, we 'bout to sew it up We so focused bruh, go on and throw it up The joint is broken up, we 'bout to roll it up We 'bout to smoke it up, that's why they wanna go with us Who wanna go with us? She wanna go with us She wanna go with us, they wana go with us So let's gooo~! [Krondon] From L.A. to B.K., Brooklyn that is On the black hand side, Strong Arm Steady [Mitchy Slick] Blacksmith and we hear somethin Next thing you know, we was on the road dime humpin Earrings full of O'Shea's Big ass chain all in the way like Ghostface Of course all the hoes wanna go Baby like Mitchy, hella ghetto but he heavy peddles Lambo's And gettin snow cheap Had a nigga out missin studio sessions, haulin from the police But now I'm focused, and where my folks is And when we together we mob like locusts Crooks that hit licks that got crooks who work in big ass granny kitchens that we use to cook chickens And not the ones that's finger lickin The ones that'll have a Cali nigga ticklin switches My guns'll make a Northern Cali run How you think the little homie got kush zips for four hun'? [Krondon] Ay don't think we changed our style We just got more change for our style Strong Arm Steady! Chronic, country as cornbread, this L.A. life could be funky as George Clinton's colorful dreads, prestigious I'm bred from a different cloth The walk and talk soft could cost your head The difference you the minor we the major No long life to be lived for the hater or the traitor Eight out of nine of my niggaz doin time for advancin Handlin illegal finances This the family reunion, mixed with the holy communion You'll never win, you're too busy consumin Kweli, let's start up a union Protect the real niggaz from the fakes so we ain't gotta do 'em Yeah, this the church right across from the liquor sto' Been on that hip-hop shit since Biz Mark' picked his nose Under the mattress stack big as a fat chick Steady is the gang and the label is Blacksmith, bitch~! "Ohh!" {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Sizzla Album: Ear Drum Song: Hostile Gospel Pt. 2 (Deliver Me) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Sizzla] + {Talib Kweli} Deliver me oh my father Haha, Amadea {C'mon!} Sizzla Kalonji {Yeah, this the one right here!} Talib Kweli [Hook: Talib Kweli] + {Sizzla} {Deliver me oh my father} What? What? Yeah Deliver me from temptation, a weakened man facin You put the spirit in me, I feel the sensation [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] Die on my feet before I live on my knees lord Deliver me from point A to B like livery Nothin is free, you got to be a hero to save They got you working like a slave from the crib to the grave A minimum wage can barely keep a job for a home A car or a phone, forget about gettin a loan You starting to moan, your bank account is getting withdrawn It's pitiful how we becomin slaves to things that we own They en-slavin the brains with the whips and the chains End up in the coffin chasing the fortune, chasing the fame Slave to the rhythm, slave to the night, slave to the day They hop aboard the Underground Railroad and run away Pray for the day niggas don't get taken away For makin a way to stop their baby's stomach aching today I sip a whiskey straight, no chase It's hard to take a man away from the sin when it's inside of him Please [Hook: Talib Kweli] + {Sizzla} {Deliver me oh my father} Yes, yes Deliver me from the evil that's all around me Jamaica to King's County, God {Deliver me oh my father} Yes, yes, yes Deliver me from temptation, a weakened man facin You put the spirit in me, I feel the sensation [Verse 2: Sizzla - best guess only] Dance through my soul and let my days go right He can preserve me all the days of my life With the strength to wake through another day so bright Oh! Kalonji, Talib They say nothing's wrong with doing sin in your mind I reach myself and see what's there for my kind And look around and see, don't be acting blind This is the birthing of us, it's just not kind Now what's the worst thing a man could ever price Pay his life for something he didn't do like the missing mice Listen up, you know growing up I'll tell you something He won't like you in the deepest of dungeon Take away from my periods, leave me by myself Life is like a dot com, but the blue in my eyes Aired by your love from but your feuds are hopeless! You got a lot of bid, that's how it went [Hook: Talib Kweli] + {Sizzla} {Deliver me oh my father} What? What? Deliver me from the evil that's all around me Jamaica to King's County, God {Deliver me oh my father} Yes, yes, yes Deliver me from temptation, a weakened man facin You put the spirit in me, I feel the sensation [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Plug in the mic like I'm gunnin a bike Front if you like, I'm movin fast, my life is runnin the lights I give my son some advice Eyes on the prize, keep more with the one in your sight Won't win the gunfight if you brung you a knife I'm drawin blood from the rock and keep floodin the block With rhymes that are sharper than the razor that be cuttin the box For sure I gotta move niggas with rocks in their socks The prostitutes sellin the shit right in front of the cops Under the street lamp, walking through the rain until our feet damp Single moms all line at the office because they need stamps Your cousin out of jail, he spent his time finding God With a felony kinda charge it's kinda hard to find a job He gotta make a decision, the situation he's placed in As he's gotta get that gainful employment for his probation Otherwise he's just another part of the scenery Just because you got out of jail, that don't mean you free [Hook: Talib Kweli] + {Sizzla} {Deliver me oh my father} What? What? Deliver me from the evil that's all around me Jamaica to King's County, God {Deliver me oh my father} [Sizzla] Gotta survive and sustain and that ain't right And everywhere you go they want to give you a fight Gotta survive and sustain and that's for sure And every minute sees I'm coming at the bar Oh yeah... I got to reach out and look And keep my seed by my side Uh, yeah Life's a reality Sizzla Kalonji, Talib Kweli The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Ear Drum Song: The Nature Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Expect the unexpected Yo [Intro & Interlude: Talib Kweli & Timberlake] It's kind of hard to keep faith in the things that you do When everybody turns they back on you {*repeat first two lines 3X*} It's kind of hard to keep faith in the things that you do When everybody turns their back... [Talib Kweli] Yeah I know a city that's surrounded by a beautiful beach The economy boosted by the drugs they move in the street More clearer than the crystal sky, blue as the beast The people ain't got shoes for they feet, or food to eat So they hurtin but what's for certain you can get you some heat And over beef you laid to rest like you was gettin some sleep Where the little kids get ammunition (word) you can't get no nutrition Or any type of suitable living condition listen They shoot you over that paper, its just survivalist human nature to put you out of your misery like euthanasia (yeah) Don't let them fool you we ain't different than the youth in Asia Africa and Europe, it's a small world we truly neighbors If they the third world then who the first to get to heaven I know it's hard but who does God choose to go through it worst Usually it's the prophets, ask a cat what really matters Nowadays usually it's his pockets [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] + (Talib ad libs) We gotta get back to what really matters We gotta search our soul to find out, what we're after The more I find my voice the more they try to make it harder Mom and dad don't forget, to warn your sons and daughters About the-na-ture-of-the-world-to-day, the nature of the world today The-na-ture-of-the-world-to-day, the nature of the world today [Talib Kweli] Word~! Don't nobody talk no more they all text message Drivin and typin, not payin attention, missin they next exit Dependin on navigation they ever know where they goin They stayin stuck in one spot they not growin I'm so over cryin, waitin and hopin playin the blame game The game changed me into +A Different World+ like Dwayne Wayne I'm gettin high just to maintain (yeah) Take my music like a drug and drop the needle in the same vein I get a rush like I'm tweekin off blow Except it ain't via the nose it's from deep in my soul The street slang I be speakin in code Kick in the do's, freakin the flow 'til the speakers explode We in control, the people know I speak the truth The power of my roots is thicker than sour sop And they so strong they bustin out the flower pot Family tradition is to tell 'em you love 'em While your family livin from granny in the kitchen the little man in prison [Interlude] [Justin Timberlake] I'm just tryin to get back, to what really matters I'm tryin to search my soul to find out, what I'm after But the more I find my voice the more they try to make it harder So mom and dad don't forget to warn your sons and daughters About the-na-ture-of, the world today, the nature of the world today The-na-ture-of, the world today, the nature of the world today [Talib Kweli] Yeah, it's all natural baby It's how we put it there Yeah, Brooklyn to Tennessee You goin up with me Yeah, yeah, break it down Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli + Hi-Tek) Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: RPM's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown speaker] In order to understand today's modern phonograph record we must understand the concept of revolutions per minute. Revolutions per minute refers to the unity of frequency of rotations. The number of full revolutions completed in one minute around a fixed axis. It is used as a measure of rotational speed of a mechanical component, such as a record player. Unfortunately that doesn't even exist any more. Talib Kweli + Hi-Tek on this particular record you're about to here take revolutions per minute to a new dimension. A shift in the paradigm of hip-hop. Please be sure to download this recording from your nearest internet provider. Which is in itself, a shift in the paradigm of music. May all of your dreams come true, tonight. And tomorrow as well. And on into the future... {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: City Playgrounds Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] What we have here is the alpha and the omega, I spit it Bear witness to the greatest and the latest They try to hate us, yo Witness the evolution of spitting, it's wicked and it's decadent Revolutions per minute every time the record spin Retribution for cynics like a stick-up kid with weapons In Brooklyn they say I run it, the 'Natti is checking in No matter the terminology, blood splatter artistically It's looking like a Jackson Pollock painting, it's a mystery Really should be brothers united against the industry The african diaspora scatter with shattered history The game missing me, rap is so repetitive Although I ain't your blood or your cuz, it's all relative I got a gang of rhymes, and Tone's beats is banging We moving through the streets like we slanging dimes It's magical, how the track so classical to cats who got gats tucked in they sweats like Plaxico I'm back from my sabbatical, voice of the future Black radical, keeping all the damage as collateral Listening to instrumentals Thinking bout all the things I've been through The music just a peek into my life as a window It's so +Hi-Tek+ and it's also simple Even if I'm knocked down, I don't stay down Even if I get down, I don't lay down Hotter than the tar on the city playground Hotter than the tar on the city playground [Talib Kweli] Aiyyo, I'm taking all bets, I'm settling all debts A giant leap for man begin with the small steps From a sword to a set, to my people on the picket line who sick of getting treated like them aliens in District 9 I juxtapose my business mind with my spirit What, I'm just supposed to keep you comfortable with the lyrics? I know the flow disturbing, I know for certain Just because you know all about the artist don't mean you know the person You don't know me, I run labels These unstable rappers so phoney I try to listen but they as boring as missionary position So I'm shitting on these niggas like dysentery conditions I'm sitting on the throne, you dreaming that it's empty soon Nobody feeling you, you screaming in an empty room The tree that fall in the forest, nobody hearing you Even though you fall the hardest, don't get me started [Talib Kweli] Yo, I build up my defenses when I'm left to my devices Time gets suspended more than DMX driver's license My music's steady, not affected by the higher prices People having sex in the streets like Dionysus You know what my advice is? Fuck my advice, live your life stop tripping like everything a minor crisis I'm making sacrifices, my history is black as Isis I don't think that I can trust you if you lack in vices I never miss a beat, the liquor make me slur They takes my words, try to twist 'em like a Swisher Sweet with sticky herb American History X, your teeth will hit the curb It's easy cause I'm ill with the wordplay, I still flip the bird like Jeezy, we stripped it down, now it's exposed I suppose my flow is "The Emperor's New Clothes" Although I'm always by myself, I never ride alone The music on, then I'm right at home, zoning [Talib Kweli] Yeah, it's the pavement, word is bond Don't be scared to think man, don't be scared I know what's in your brain, it's scary man You're only using like ten per cent The other ninety per cent is scary man But don't be scared, scary ass niggas, ay! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Res Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Back Again Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yes, original rhythm, the drum beater Hi-Tek in the house, Kweli in the house Yo! [Chorus: Talib Kweli] + (Res) (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) Yeah, New York to California The way we do it is fluid just like water (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) Life got a way of sneaking up on ya The way we do it is fluid just like water C'mon, beat on the drum like bang-bang and tryna maintain the same frame of mind while the game change I know you sick of the same thing, we're different so stop sticking the needle up in the same vein The definition of insane, my theory is Big Bang We hunting for big game, the quick changeover got the rappers confused, Tek back on the board Kweli is back in the booth, let's go! [Chorus: Talib Kweli] + (Res) (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again, word (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again You can say that again It's independent hustle, it got me on my grind I flex my pen like a muscle and write a battle rhyme I got to exercise, I got to get the ghosts out I got to testify, the legend never die I'm connected to the struggle, got a little light and this little light of mine I'm bout to let it shine I get better with time So right when you about to say something real slick you like never mind I stay grounded like airplanes that never fly I still never come down, I'm forever high My addiction is American as Devil's Pie We stay where the snitches live and the rebels die Men and women might try, numbers never lie But I'm too fluid, there's no unit that I'm measured by The nighttime when the ghetto come alive and the artificial die like Yellow No. 5 [Chorus: Talib Kweli] + (Res) (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again, word (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again Don't it sound African how the voice and the track just blend The hands get to clapping and, the feet get to tapping and The power I'm tapping into, it never was accidental In fact, what a rap ascension to what make Hip Hop so special You check my Hip Hop credentials, I'm on like I'm rap's potential It's what I've been sent to do, the task is monumental These wack emcees make me laugh like Comedy Central Rappers be acting gassed, it's really not a big issue They'll lose their bodily tissue, cause something hot just hit you Just for waving off the nigga tryna politic with you He's like I gotta get him, I'll try to politic with him Man he tried to front, that's what he want when these shots hit him Bet you he change his mind, better learn how to read the danger signs Try to take my spot, get a number, wait in line Try to skip, no, get to the back again Yeah, we back again, you can like rap again, word [Chorus: Talib Kweli] + (Res) (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again, word (No matter where you're from  I will always be in your corner) That's right, we back again You can like rap again You can say that again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Bun B Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Strangers (Paranoid) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Talib Kweli - talking] Yeah, beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Hey, hey, yeah! [Verse 1 - Talib Kweli] No boundaries, no borders, we crossin many waters Them haters can't ignore us, the government record us They used to take our sons and think it's fun to rape our daughters ... no! Our healthcare system pitiful, that's how hospitals' profitable They try to put the drugs inside of you, lie to you, say that you gonna die tomorrow So why pay? That's not logical See the bullshit that they try to pull? ... whoa! They tappin laptops like a bad plot out of a bad movie, Obama say it ain't so In a perfect world coalition of the willing is really coalition of the rainbow Who the enemy? Who the friend in need? How do you choose your target, who you aim for? What you aim for? ... damn! Still running with the race but I'm runnin at a pace So fast, you collapse, gotta let it go Wondering if my concentration on the race misplaced, turn your marks, set, ready, go Evolutionary flow, every luminary glow When he show what the revolutionary know, oh! Blaap! [Chorus - Talib Kweli] Shot to make you famous, we're in your face with bangers About to face some danger, I just misplace my anger The violence entertain us, rappers took the place of sangers Mama said don't talk to strangers, don't talk to strangers [Verse 2 - Bun B] Gotta let the people know from the get go, Bun B is a product of the ghetto Good or bad man I just can't let go, no I ain't a rich man but I'm still set though And I'm still on the grind tryin to get dough, why the government wanna keep me in debt for? They wanna keep me in debt for? ... Look at AIG and the bailouts, steppin on the fence just who they have to whale out Got his ass on 'em or should I say tail out, need another job like a paper or a mail route Bring the fresh fest in, take the stale out, make it rain D.C. and I'm a pull a pail out ... Man I'm a put a pail out, know what I'm sayin? 'Cause I'm stuck in the mud like a tractor, I ain't gotta lie plus I'm not a good actor Bullshit laws that they enact to, keep us locked out the big game in the back bro I got set now I gotta get a setter, make ends meet 'cause the money is a factor Oh yeah the money is a factor ... damn! Now I'm back on the block for the hustle, used to be hot, now your boy just cold Gotta build my bread up and my muscle, haters talk down, sometimes it's a tussle But the smoke gonna clear and the dust'll settle, now it's like Def Jam with no Russell Like Def Jam with no Russell ... We'll be alright though The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: In This World Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] + {Sample} {In this world} This that feeling {What's happening to love?} It's that feeling you miss {I'd like to know} It's that love, it's that passion Tone, they don't get shit like this no more, yeah Reflection, aiyyo Welcome to my longitude and latitude, my attitude is shaping my surroundings, skyscrapers, public housing The sheep is running from the sun, the wolves is howling at the moon It's tragic how you in the street cause you ain't got no avenues When it come to rapping who's the baddest dude? {In this world} You still don't get it This a recession, what recession? Dog, we been stressing Shit been a mess and we been dealing with this depression since way back, but you ain't got to say that, that's the greatest lesson Slave to our possession, greed the devil favorite weapon Fight to the death, only the greatest left {In this world} Let's get it [Chorus: Sample] + (Talib Kweli) Lordy, Lordy, Lordy Lord (let's get it, let's get it) I been hustling really, really hard (yes) Get up off my ass, start making some moves (come on) Put two and two together, start paying my dues I got to get up for it, stand up in this world "If skills sold truth be told, I'd probably be  Lyrically, Talib Kweli" - Jay-Z [Talib Kweli] I get respected by the best emcees {In this world} The recipe for my success is One part pain and suffering, two parts brains and hustling Sprinkle it over Hi-Tek production We bubbling like volcanic eruptions, you better buckle in Push the panic button, come get your mama to tuck you in You know we did like no other did it {In this world} You gots to get with it [Sample] In this world What's happening to love? I'd like to know [Talib Kweli] Aiyyo, I grab the mic until my hands develop the calluses My style is bit, I only see myself with John Malkovich My grind miraculous, rhyme from slums to palaces Facing all my challengers, raising the black power fist Here to eliminate the counterfeit {In this world} Add it up, it don't amount to shit I paid my dues, kept the receipt for taxes Although we stack it we stay stuck in the bracket It's like a straitjacket My rebel tactics got the planet spinning off it's axis The devil laughing when you lazy, man get off your ass and talent don't mean nothing without all the practice {In this world} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli, Hi-Tek) Album: Revolutions per Minute Song: Got Work Typed by: drangel_jam Hook (intro): I love you baby (Yeah, yeah) I'll treat you right (Yeah, yeah) I love you baby (Yeah, yeah) I'll treat you right (Yeah, yeah) I got work for you (Give it to me girl) I got work for you (Give it huh) I got work for you (Give it to me girl) I got work for you Verse 1: Ignore the amateurs You're rolling with the glamorous See all the clamor for the lights and the cameras? They get scared when the glances turn amorous  Exposed to the heat, they go yellow like an amethyst Used to be purple like the cannabis from welts and the bruises Used to scream, help! It was useless... Escaped into the night with her life intact, A betrayal she described as a knife in the back Stone cold killer, you'd probably shudder At the amount of blood flowing through the Hollywood gutter All because of the appetite for dreams that will eat you up inside She on your mind probably keep you up at night 15 minutes, that's all she really need Director yell, cut! And we see how you really bleed... Stay in the game. Stay in the frame. Say her name: Fame, Fame Chorus: I love you baby (Skip the foreplay) I'll treat you right (That's what they all say) I love you baby (Skip the foreplay) I'll treat you right (Yeah) I got work for you (Give it to me girl) I got work for you (Give it huh) I got work for you (Give it to me girl) I got work for you Verse 2: She's so fleeting, she's so deceiving, she's so misleading She cut'em open and bleeding, she got'em overeating She's so hot, soda pop, she's overheating Her gun--American, her favorite rum--Puertorican  She's like a monkey on your back, 'till you start to crack She'll make you famous like the stars of "Strapped" The heart of the fact, to swallow that, she got a target on your back Follow you until you drown in the sea of your sorrow You overdose, she got you over, she got the potion It's not a joke, how she got'em hoping--they should've tried the coke [?] And, everything designer, from the kind of drugs she do To the attitude when she get tired of loving you... I hear them swear they don't need her, and throw dirt on her name I'm out for the fortune, fuck Fame! I hear them swear they don't need her, and throw dirt on her name, I'm out for the fortune, fuck Fame! Verse 3: The mother cried, the butterfly was a caterpillar Before he fell in love with Fame, 'cause he had to feel'er The model--hot, she swallowed shots, straight Tequila The bottles pop, she love you, but can't wait to kill ya She lurking in the bushes, she the paparazzi Her sex drive--way faster than a Mazarati Every relationship is work, this is not a hobby She make you famous like Beyonce, then she got your body How she grimy like a project lobby But still snooty, pack Louis Vuitton and act bourgey She like a ghost 'cause I shudder when she pass through me She yell, cut! And you stop acting--it's your last movie She got you in the gym, she got you in the spa Staring at the man in the mirror wondering who you are You're a superstar, 'til she pass on ya Take a picture, it will last longer (Word!) Hook (outro): I love you baby (2x) I'll treat you right I got work for you (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Estelle Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Midnight Hour Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Estelle] When I get home, unplug the phone Turn out the lights, I said it's on I'm gonna call my baby, tell him that I'm coming See I been gone for way too long, he needs some loving See last night on the phone, he told me that he missed me (told me that he missed me) and I listened to his song, it sounded kinda sexy [Talib Kweli] Check it out, I said, um, I said My baby on her job, I know she's working hard She independent and I love it yo, that's word to God But when she get up, I know she ain't really got no fear No I don't make it rain, but still I'm the one that got her wet I need it all at once, I been on tour for months Her body like a stage, as soon as I hit, I tore it up She love how I perform, cause I get her hyped like her favorite song We "Riders of the Storm", "Touch Me" baby like The Doors [Chorus: Estelle] Oooh, said I just can't wait till the nighttime comes and I see my baby Oooh, said I just can't wait till the midnight hour when I see my I'll be home tonight I'll be by his side Listen! [Talib Kweli] Can't wait till the night begin, can't wait to let her in Ready to handle this, the candle's lit, the lights is dim So dark the inner vision, and she might lose her and inhibitions Hourglass figure make it last past ten, four hours last long, no intermission I'll come every once in a while just to let her know her love in town I'm here to stay so clear the way, I know she love the sound of that I'll make her love come down to earth, that's worth another round Can't take another clown, in love with the kid cause he underground [Estelle] Somebody call my baby, say I'm on the way now (say I'm on my way) See I been going crazy thinking bout you late night (thinking bout you late night) The way my heart reacts, it lets me know I need him See I been getting flashbacks, I just gotta see him (I just gotta see him) [Talib Kweli] Let me tell you what she did Hopped out the taxicab, she almost didn't pay Here let me get your bags, I got some things to say I know you miss me girl, you know I miss you too We kissing, taking turns, let's go to the room [Estelle] When I get home, unplug the phone Turn out the lights, I said it's on [Talib Kweli] He said when you get home, unplug the phone The lights is off, you know it's on, know it's on [Estelle] Oooh, glad I made it home Baby lock that door and be ready for me Oooh, but it's been some months and we don't have long but I'm here now I made it home tonight I'll be by his side Don't worry bout the time I made it home tonight Listen, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Lifting Off Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Ay, I ain't tryna get high alone Yeah, whoo! {"Lifting off"} Never been so high I get on my plane and see planes go by High enough to see the angels fly Now that we back in the game, these lames gon' die {"Lifting off"} Like the Mars rover or the weight on your shoulder that held you down with the weight of a boulder Whether a drug dealer baking the soda or a revolutionary soldier We here for you yo, the waiting is over, cause we {"Lifting off"} Off the ground, take you up in the clouds Floating on the notes and tones Until the condensation drip from my brow, we'll disappear in the crowd till I'm surrounded with sounds, count it down and we {"Lifting off"} Five on it, used to the split the cost Roll it up, take a hit and cough, relax Keep reefer like a fifth of ros' We make 'em dance like Kalashnikov, take 'em higher, we [Chorus: 2X] {"Lifting off"} Light it up, take a blade, divide it up It's not enough, grab your arms and tie 'em up Go further, hit the pipe and fire it up Cause they like the rush, when they [Talib Kweli] {"Lifting off"} I've never been so low When I smoke, I don't wanna be dependent on the dro for the happiness, cause happiness should come from your soul I sold myself, like at least you don't fuck with the blow {"Lifting off"} I tried to buy LSD but a dred refused to sell it to me He was like, well yeah I got it, but that's a white man drug Not for us, I said aight man, love, still I be {"Lifting off"} In the limelight, indication dazed Shrooms had my mouth dry looking for the gatorade On a date with the high made me fade away I left shorty at the table with a razor blade {"Lifting off"} But see I'm getting off track No tracks in my arms, I never fucked with the smack or the crack, only vice was the trees and the 'gnac Until my man Jimmy got me onto Jack, throw it back and I'm [Chorus: 2X] [Talib Kweli] {"Lifting off"} It's such a passionate high No sense in passing it by I'm like Inspectah Deck, the clouds are so far relaxed in the sky Coming down, looking back in the Stuy', ain't no problem they {"Lifting off"} On the daily behind the restoration plaza where they got a production of Alvin Ailey At the theater named after Billy, she struggled with it too If she was here right now she'd probably hit it too {"Lifting off"} But still there's no excuse Spread the myth that if I don't get high then I don't produce These people acting like they want the truth But the appearance of the truth is good enough, they don't want the proof Huh, they get to too confused They looking too confused, the pigeon flew the coop I stay out the bubble, but they keep me in the loop Soon as I'm in the house it's through the roof and we [Chorus: 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: In the Red Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Here we go, are you recording? Aiyyo Tone, is it ah-ah-on? ... Let it bump, they love it in the red Reflection Eternal, that other shit is dead Yes, let me know if you alive Put your hands in the air, let me know if, bring it live Hey! C'mon, hey! I love music Music is the river, we floating, we get to live it like the souls of those swept away crossing the Mississippi Honorary spokesman, my focus is so scary Vocalist for the hopeless, I'm championing my city Cracks in the levee, we catching the last ferry Apply this application that's crashing your BlackBerry "Rock Steady" like Aretha, it's got heavy What's that about cat and mouse, Tom and Jerry? Commissary get commissioned, the prison no sanctuary for the locked up, every relationship adversary Ain't no replacement, so make a statement before you buried We very legendary already, no need to worry Pay attention to the music, led your hazard to bury Mixed for transistor radio speakers, Marvin married his daughter in sort of a quest for a father figure Adding E to the end of his name, you got the picture yet? The little Stevie Wonder was killing 'em at the shows Best songwriter since Smokey and Quincy Jones Gill Scott and Last Poets turned they poems into song Everybody know that my favorite Nina Simone Rest in peace Michael Jackson, I think I need a "shamone" Paid attention to his lyrics, he wished we leave him alone {"Leave me aloooone"} Huh, Leave him alone Huh, leave him alone James Brown and Michael Jackson was working until they gone On tour just so they could make payments on they homes Everybody cried when Usher sang him a song Joe Jackson was promoting his label, he know he wrong Shame how our heroes are broke, we call 'em stars That's because when they falling to Earth, they falling hard Everybody balling hard but they sound wack If you in the resistance then this your soundtrack Let it bump, they love it in the red Reflection Eternal, that other shit is dead Yes, let me know if you alive Put your hands in the air, let me know if you alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli + Hi-Tek) Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Black Gold Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown speaker] Hang on, brothers and sisters Liberation is near It's almost time Ten seconds 9, 8, 7, 6 5, 4, 3, 2 One, BLASTOFF~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli, Hi-Tek) Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Ballad of the Black Gold Typed by: drangel_jam Chorus: This is the ballad of the black gold They call it Texas tea But it's bigger than a cowboy with a lasso It's deeper than a black hole Create monopolies Except they collect a fee when you pass-go Crisis' international The government de facto We got no control in this fiasco Darker than the back roads Bubble hotter than Tabasco More than what you bargained for or asked for [Verse 1] You never see happy-hungry people that ain't rational They blasting through the gates and they attack you at the capital Run up in your palace, find the head of the states and crack a few Get a taste of power, then they become fascists too The fiscal conservatives, don't know what they purpose is Money on the war, then they cut the goods and services Murderous, corporate monsters is breaking records Exxon is at 40 billion a year, they raking in record profits. Stop it! How they banking while the auto industry is tanking? Leadership is sinking; oil pollution in the water stanking Loyalty to petroleum; royalty spoiled the economy We won't get it poppin' till we're oil-free If you're oil-rich then we invade it They call it occupation but we're losing jobs across the nation Drill, baby, drill, while they make our soldiers kill Baby still, the desert where the blood and oil spill [Verse 2] Nigeria is celebrating 50 years of independence They still feel the colonial effects of Great Britain's presence Dictators quick to imitate the West Got in bed with oil companies and now the place is a mess Take a guess, which ones came and violated They oiled up the soil, the Ogoni people was almost annihilated But still they never stayed silent They was activists and poets using non-violent tactics That was catalyst for soldiers to break into they crib Take it from the kids and try to break'em like a twig And make examples of the leaders; executed Saro-Wiwa, Threw Fela's mom out the window right after they beat her In an effort to defeat hope. Now the people's feet soaked in oil [?] So the youth is doing drive-bys through speed boats [?] They kidnap the workers, they blowing up the pipelines You see the fires glowing in the nighttime [Verse 3] History, a slippery creature Its full of plot twists and surprise endings like a mystery feature This oil shit is slicker than preachers It make the problems in the region amplify like victory speeches Poison the water and lead the boys to the slaughter Go in somebody country and rearrange the order and destroy the borders You see them dancing through the fields of fire World domination--their real desire The devil is still a liar [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ J. Cole, Jay Electronica, Mos Def Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Just Begun Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "We've only just beg-un..." [Talib Kweli] Oh yes indeed, I like this, I like this Aiyyo Hi-Tek, do me a favor man Speed it up a little bit From the intro you know I'm so influential cause I'm glowing like a candle The focus is so essential dog, what you tryna get into? I steady the flow, ready to blow like snotty tissue They snitching like Donnie Brasco, I'm counting like Monte Cristo The ghetto full of betrayal like Iago and Othello Your fellow neighbor will slay you, they'll smoke you like cigarillos Police, want that info, they'll grill 'em like Portabellos I'm murdering instrumentals cause I rap with the conscience of felons, killers and monsters, so revealing and honest We're still feeling the promise, some nights I kill 'em with kindness Hitting like Muhammad Ali, you more like Tatyana All this is probably Karma, you dishonored the father Whether it's God almighty, or the almighty dollar We follow the prophets like Islamics or the Dalai Lama Your bullet points so hollow they could probably pierce body armor Look in the scope, my people still a target [Jay Electronica] Smile on my face, tears of a sad clown Feeling out of place as I whistle a cab down If I tip extra, can I huff a cig'? Blow my smoke out the window, dropping ashes on the bridge Uh, I'm in New York now, like Akeem and Semi was Tryna get the lobby door open from a semi-buzz I just wanna go to the slum and throw my money on the floor like the Notorious BUM, uh Build a home, teach a class, start a revolution Free the mind, heal the body, talking evolution This that black Elohim Anunnaki rap That Farrakhan Hakeem Olajuwon Qaddafi rap I dedicate this to my niggas in New Orleans Rocking black and gold stocking caps and fleur-de-lis Shockey hats I'm in the coatroom, screaming 'Who that?' on the double Serving gumbo with a shovel, dog I'm on another level Me and Kweli come together like two pieces of metal We magnetizing the ghetto [J. Cole] Yeah, now here's the memo I'm a rebel without a cause, a bezel without no flaws And shorty, you straight, bet you look way better without no drawers Let's sweat out this alcohol, bet I'm about to ball and never let up, look how I just crept up without applause Fed up with all the frauds and left y'all without a job The center of attention, this is clever, I'm Pau Gasol Really though I'm LeBron, really don't got my mind on this new school of rappers, I will really go Columbine and throw up the diamond sign, boy you know I'ma shine Flow is in Ramadan, cause couple years ago the game had they pyjamas on But now they on my dick, man I should throw a condom on Ay, cause a nigga coming raw like I ain't got one on And I ain't stopping nor copping no pleas, I just lock and load squeeze Dog I'm on a higher level, I'm on top of nosebleeds Niggas say they sick, but when they rock they don't sneeze Like the nigga on the block waving his Glock but won't squeeze Please [Mos Def] Hold your applause until the ceremony end Yours truly, truly blessed, yet again a noble pla-anted Super magic, abracadabra kid Mysterious master djinn, blacker pen, arrowhead with the long-barrel stem, and his apparel fresh Harbor lights shining out the black power grid with the Black Power grip, and pure power don't power trip Push the cellar ceiling up and make the tower tip The Gladwell point and Babylon polish All about nothing where it's all about the dollar And mansions on the fault line of a shaky market The Devil at the dancehall thirsty for a partner Get off him, there is not a parcel or a portion or a measure of a fortune more awesome Gorgeous, the funky Four Horsemen and one more with Hi-Tek on the score, once more, of course You're welcome, thanks Appreciation for your participation Special dedication Celebration, bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Long Hot Summer Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] This right here go out to all the ladies who cannot predict when the sun will shine Just make sure when it do, you bask in it You embrace it, you let it hit you in the face Huh, you know what I'm talking bout Yo, yo, ay, ay The sun was in the sky I was bumping "Sly Love", hard to find in the summertime You can spend a lifetime tryna predict when the sun will shine or simply bask in it like the flowers that come alive Summer days always start extraordinary Summer nights there's water in the air, wish it would storm already I hit the corner store, I had a taste for strawberry quick Seen the broad, very tall, very thick, licking her lips Hips barely fit through the door Imagine that, she bought a dutch and a lemonade out the Escalade Bumping "Renegade" by Em and Jay Symmetrical braids, incredible edible legs Just to track her down, I went on a ghetto crusade Serenade this angel like Cyrano de Bergerac The lightness of her being was unbearable So here I am at her apartment building, apart from feeling "Heartless" like Kanye with a talk-box I walked four blocks out my way cause her walk had me focussed Her scent had me open, and since we had a moment What I'ma say? Hey, I seen you in the store? She went into a building and I had to guess the floor Knocking on every door, that took bout a half an hour till she answered "whoa", was still soaked from the shower I seen some sour diesel broken up on my CD She introduced me to her room mates, this Vanilla Dutch and this is Swisha Sweety I got you open yet? It ain't over yet, I love you when you're soaking wet Been looking for you like the bounty hunter Boba Fett I'm the one but you don't know it yet The wettest skin, what a better beginning, she let me in Let us begin, perfect weather for sinning, my Seraphin We on the floor, barely made it through the door New high score, she never came like that before, wow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Chester French Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Get Loose Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Interlude One: Talib Kweli] We came here tonight to get loose So before we leave we got to lift you higher than you ever been before, forget roof Cause the world on fire, the girl on fire Get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon {*4X*} [Chorus: D.A. Wallach] When you're on the cross you against the wall A-waitin for more Won't give a single dance I seen it all before But one day you'll find you should lose your mind You can wait in self-control Intoxicate yourself Now get out on the floor Get loose [Talib Kweli] So ma let you get a peek like a booth for 40 deuce Knew the D make her freeze, she lookin for an excuse to get loose, match the purse with the shoes, c'mon You spit game, think she leavin wit'chu, yeah right They sip Goose with the juice, spit the truth, c'mon And get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon Now you might have a shot in the dark, if you play your cards right If not it's a long hard night Now, what can you say to get her to leave wit'chu? Got her in your sight, you a heat-seekin missile Spot her in the light, you wish you could be alone Music in the back act like your theme song You hate how it all sound like a ringtone But when it come on in the club you sing along She got one or two friends, bring 'em along Un-less they wanted to {*edit*}, leave 'em alone [Interlude Two: Talib Kweli] Get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon (get loose) Get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon Get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon (get loose) Get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon [Interlude Two] [Talib Kweli] Aiyyo call the fire department cause the blaze has started You ain't hot cause you flame retardant I'm 'bout to hang up like a famous artist, in the Kweli museum E'rybody feel him, can't nobody see him Can't nobody be him, try as they might But now it's dead, I defy afterlife I spit in the face of the reaper as I address my wounds Frontin for the chicks like Judy Blume The dudes soon follow, they all sound recycled like bottles, cans That's why I see through 'em like Hollow Man They softer than model hands, no competition cause they flow not sufficient, they get thrown out the kitchen cause they can't take the heat, my throat is a flamethrower Kweli and Tone ain't playin, it's game over You could write it up, in the history books (look it up) Or how they light it up, set it on fire, what? Fire it up! [Interlude One] [Interlude Two] [Talib Kweli] Oh word, once again like Let's get a peek like a booth for 40 deuce Knew the D make her freeze, she lookin for an excuse to get loose, match the purse with the shoes, c'mon You spit game, think she leavin wit'chu, yeah right They sip Goose with the juice, spit the truth, c'mon And get loose, get loose, get loose, c'mon Now you might have a shot in the dark, if you play your cards right If not it's a long hard night Now, what can you say to get her to leave wit'chu? (let's go!) Got her in your sight, you a heat-seekin missile (let's go!) Spot her in the light, you wish you could be alone Music in the back act like your theme song You hate how it all sound like a ringtone But when it come on in the club you sing along She got one or two friends, bring 'em along Un-less they wanted to mess, leave 'em alone [Talib Kweli] Oh that's how we do This is how we do it in the 'Natti Ay, Brooklyn stand up! [Outro: unknown speaker - at 5:03] The definition of revolution, revolution is Reality, Equality, Victory, Ovaries, Lexus, ber, Twitter, Internet, Outerspace, Neverland All the revolution is Rihanna Eats Veggies On Leather Underwear Tuesdays In Other Nations I could do this shit all day for you motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: So Good Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "When I program the sound, I..." [Talib Kweli] Oh, oh (what it is) Oh (what it was), yeah (what it will be) Oh, oh (Kweli, Hi-Tek), oh [Chorus: Talib Kweli] We gon' set it off (hey), we gon' set it off (hey) Something on my chest and I gotta get it off So we gon' let it off (hey), catch it like a cough A-ha, a-ha, ay, cause the flow so ill But I feel so good, I feel so good (oh I feel good) I feel so good, I feel so good Man I feel so good, feel so good (like when you finish working out) Feel so good, feel so good, yeah (or when your girl cummin before you do) [Talib Kweli] Every time I hit the block, the shepherd come and get the flock I roll a +Jay+, I get a +Dame+, I do it +B.I.G.+ like it's the Roc It's not, it's the Blacksmith, we finna pick the lock On fire like the trunk is popped, go to work, punch the clock The flow so sick it's ill, so they lose they lunch a lot Sick so they front a lot, sick cause they want the spot Get 'em higher, light the fire, woop! Time's running out Spacious pan again, he in the closet, he ain't coming out That's cause I'm invading like Iraq did to it's neighbours Nothing black and white, they acting like Barack is gonna save us But, first they got to save themselves from playing the game, they play themselves You a non-believer, I'm a Libra so I weigh the scales [Chorus: Talib Kweli] We gon' set it off Something on my chest and I gotta get it off So we gon' let it off, catch it like a cough A-ha, a-ha, ay, cause the flow so ill [Talib Kweli] But forget it, I'm a boss, I said it all before The flow is so butter, you can spread it on your toast When I send this out to Los', he gon' say this shit is banging (why is it banging?) The Devil play me close and I'ma hang him like a painting You can check out my exhibit, won't you pay a fee to see it? This is the masterpiece, every album a museum When I bring my people freedom, they gon' smile like Mona Lisa I'm married to the game, throwing the rice like condoleezza [Chorus: Talib Kweli] We gon' set it off, we gon' set it off Something on my chest and I gotta get it off So we gon' let it off, catch it like a cough A-ha, a-ha, ay, cause the flow so ill But I feel so good, I feel so good I feel so good, I feel so good Man I feel so good, feel so good Feel so good, feel so good, yeah [Hi-Tek] Aiyyo, every time I'm out on these streets, y'all niggas know the deal I'm rolling with my nigga Kweli, I let him hold the wheel So I can get a couple of shots, let it off Head it off in the general direction, then set it off But of course Brooklyn and Cincinnati is in the house and it's Hi-Tek, hardest for niggas to figure out Pick a route, people stab you in the back for the stardom But they fall right back to the bottom like cats in Roddam But I'm flying through the night like a pilot with insomnia Burn up on your deck like a pirate from Somalia Hi-Teknology, better school your producer and can't be duplicated by computer [Chorus: Talib Kweli] We gon' set it off, we gon' set it off Something on my chest and I gotta get it off So we gon' let it off, catch it like a cough A-ha, a-ha, ay, cause the flow so ill But I feel so good, I feel so good I feel so good, I feel so good Man I feel so good, feel so good Feel so good, feel so good, yeah [Talib Kweli] Oh, oh, oh, yeah Oh, oh, oh, we gon' set it off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Bilal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Ends Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] Ay you gon' put it on this one? Aiyyo I'm the only one always purchasin shit, hehe Ay, go 'head and kick it on in man Kick it in, kick it in, hey Kick it in, hey {"Everything is gonna be al-alright"} Kick it in [Talib Kweli] A strong arm robbery, conscious scheme our form policy War in the name of democracy A lottery, a plot to run up in your private property, cop a key Break it down and call it the ricotta or the feta, that's a lot of cheese Enough to make the innocent cop a plea And stabilize economies, shoppin spree Cop the V, stay driven by a lot of greed The saddest sight is when the parasites bottom feed The game a monopoly, a terrorist bombin spree Planes fallin out the sky like we was in Lockerbie Look me to the heart of a thief You might go on vacation, become a patient, somebody takin your artery My lyrics merely takin a picture, this is photography Obviously for some the poverty really hard to see Honestly I've come to the stage to rock properly I like my pockets fat, not flat - word [Chorus: Bilal] Spendin up all my time makin ennnnnnds We roll up the money It's the only thing on my mind, right now, that matters Tried to change my mind [Talib Kweli] Yeah... Got a check, let me under-write it Spendin money on the flesh, attention undivided The promise for funds got 'em stripped until they undergarments For the skrilla they willin to diss +Yo Momma+ like the show with Wilmer Valderrama I grind harder cause I gotta live My ancestors swang from the ropes, now my knot is thick This is apocalypse now, risin to prominence Never go against the family is God's fathership My hypothesis, stop your breath like an octopus to holdin your esophagus Try to rob and pop you quick, promise you will not evict On a reconnaissance mission for where the profit is No I'm not the office type, quite the opposite Despite accomplishments I'm hungry as a starvin artist is The knowledge from this metropolitan Perspective more affective than scholarships to the best colleges [Chorus] w/ Talib ad libs [Outro: Talib] So basically, the moral of the story is, go get it man It's the only thing right now that matters I heard somebody say, money is the root of all evil Don't believe that man, it's the LOVE of money The PURSUIT of money, THAT'S the root of all KINDS of evil man So yo, somebody owe you money and ain't payin up You tell 'em man, you got five seconds Give me my shit, you got - haha Five (five) fo' (fo') three (three) two (two) ONE! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: My Life (Outro) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah Yes indeed, got 'em up to speed We got what they need, yeah Reflection Eternal My life, my life, my life, my life This is my life, my life, my life, my life My life, my life, my life, my life This is my life, my life, my life, my life Yo, what's the daily word? You ever feel like giving everything up and buying a boat so you can sail the world? Aiyyo, what's really hood? He got a gift with the lyrics, the beat is lifting your spirit when you ain't feeling good Sometimes he feel like the whole world is turning on him The people miserable and try to place they burdens on him He revealing the truth like he a portal A vampire sucked his blood, now he immortal First he ignored, then he worked the applause He thirsty for more cause they loving how he perfectly flawed Most of these rappers softer than the allure of Juicy Couture and from the start he put his heart in every verse he record Caused to perform for the corporation, he made a profit with Satan Then got with the Beat Konducta for his "Liberation" and for free at last Till everybody started selling it but him, he's like I need to see a piece of that And get right with God, he knows his gift is a phenomenon He catch it when it strike like a lightning rod His rhymes are the spitting image he created us in We getting paid in wages of sin True, it's like death in a room Every lie we ingest and consume is guaranteed to make us vegetables soon Sometimes it's so hard, can't go on Where did he lose his focus, where did he go wrong? He should love his life, he got a loving wife at home but still find himself roaming through the club at night Kiss his children and they hug him tight Gotta prove his love in family court tomorrow cause he and they mother fight These other artists really don't know what to make of him So they afraid if him, but they ain't breaking him It's been over ten years since he gave you "The Blast" The ones that counted him out, they didn't do the math The fans tell him he under-appreciated Underrated and hated, but he thankful they debated Thankful that he made it to glory while some faded Thankful that he keep it surreal while some fake it Thankful for the skills that's keeping the family stable Thankful for the meals he put on the family table He pay the bills when he able and spend for pleasure when he can This the true measure of a man Some things he'll never understand, that's okay though He know we're moulded in the image of God like Play-Doh But still he wax philosophical like Aristotle Maybe one day they'll come up with a better model But till then, he the best there is More than ten-thousand hours in So that make him the specialist, oh yeah it's way more than relevance It's classic, original, you remember this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Talib Kweli) Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: After the Rain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tough Talking Braggart] Ay boy, I got moves to make See the hood ain't my last stop, you understand me? [Singer] Walking under Gutter Rainbows [TTBrag] Man fuck that noise man [Singer] Walkin under Gutter Rainbows [TTBrag] I'ma peel this popsicle stand man [Hood Comedian] Yo, son said he 'bout to peel pop's testicles {*woman starts laughing loudly*} PAUSE~! [TTBrag] Hey boy... [Female] C'mon son, what'chu gon' do? C'monnnn [TTBrag] When I make some money man [Female] Word, word [TTBrag] I'ma ball at one of your Circle Line Books [TTBrag] Park that motherfucker on Nostrand Avenue [TTBrag] Hop out and get me a muh'fuckin peach pattie [TTBrag] Y'knahmsayin? [HoodCo] Word man, yo don't forget that cocoa bread son [TTBrag] I'ma get some rims, with rims on 'em! [Female] With 32, 32 rims? 32 28's? [TTBrag] Have you been all {*unclear*} [Female] Why you gotta bring that up? [TTBrag] I'll have a big ass house in the middle of the hood [TTBrag] E'rybody house look little, his house big and shit [TTBrag] That's what I'ma do [TTBrag] I'ma get me one of them big ass houses {*laughter from the Hood Comedian*} [Female] All cakin up [Tough Talking Braggart] The fuck you laughin at A.D.A.? [Hood Comedian] NOTHIN!!!! [Female] Heh, it's not funny, it's not funny [Tough Talking Braggart] In my house, I'ma wear house shoes My house shoes is gon' be heelies I'm gonna be slidin through the crib like Usher on the Confessional Tour and shit [Hood Comedian] You lyin ass [Singer] Walking under Gutter Rainbows [TTBrag] Get money, get money [Singer] Walkinnnnnng, walking under Gutter Rainbows [Female] We gon' take over Google [Singer] Walkinnnnnng, walking under Gutter Rainbows [Female] Come up with other shit called Giggle [Singer] Walkinnnnnng The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Gutter Rainbows Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Talib Kweli yeah, ay Get with it, get with it Here we go, here we go, c'mon, c'mon {*2X*} Yeah; Blacksmith (Blacksmith) it's the movement Keep it movin, keep it movin Here we go, here we go, c'mon, c'mon {*2X*} Yeah; Blacksmith (Blacksmith) pay attention Gutter Rainbows, yeah [Talib Kweli] Watch me flip it like the Blacksmith logo I shine a light through the darkness when the night is black as Yaphet Kotto All these rappers lookin mad in photos Saddest player braggadocio quality make up for what I lack in promo You say you blast a fo'-fo' (nah) you don't shoot It's more like you shot me an e-mail but forgot to attach the vocals Call 'em a bastard like their dad a no show I'm too fast for slowpokes, runnin on the track with Yohji Yamamoto's This ain't fashion rap, I'm bringin the passion back Find me where the trouble at, that's my natural habitat (Let's go~!) I take it with me in the booth To the livin we owe respect, to the dead we only owe the truth So if somebody feelin disrespected Even when his face is smilin, his heart rate escalate to violence Look at them tremble, jugglin drugs Using abusing beautiful strugglin, still we usually bubblin It's the voice of the voiceless, hope for the hopeless Spit game way too real, they don't promote it Cause the way I approach it, from another angle I stay in the streets and notice the gutter rainbows It ain't no pot o' gold, it's where the product sold It's where we lock and load, and and cop that rock then roll So turn it up loud, and turn it up now Turn it up loud, turn it up now [Talib Kweli] Welcome to my hood where the rainbows is in the gutters The pain that you will discover is makin the angels shutter There's sex in the city but we never claimed to love her I know you heard of us, we more murderous than Cain famous brother Living with death smokin blunts with the Grim Reaper Snitch niggaz known to blow the whistle like a gym teacher This gum flapper, swear he a gun clapper Nah; somethin backwards, he really a dumb rapper He trapped on the corner with the oil spillin Mixed with the dirt and the water collected in the gutter 'til the color's brilliant I paint pictures so legendary; I BEEN doin this Your history is as short as the month of February in a leap year - what do we fear? Dead bodies lyin on the ground, nuttin to see here To be clear, don't ever cross me like police lines Cause libertarians will be not invited to tea time [Talib Kweli] Now when I whip around a building it form a corner tornado Findin nature in the city, we cover our feet in gators Bugattis to bodegas, they sellin rotten tomatoes Stackin chips and I don't mean potato - there go another one Graduated from quarter waters and Butter Crunch to tuxedo nice with a gun tucked in his cummerbund He get it from his momma, he ain't nuttin but his mother's son She used to get it poppin like bubblegum Peddlin poison was often better employment The ghetto destroyin any sense of self she was enjoyin Survival of the fittest; by any means necessary Got us callin drug dealers revolutionaries You say he kill his people, he say I feed my family And you ain't kickin in, you'll never understand me You just stand in my way, now you an obstacle and obstacles end up in the hospital - I'm just sayin [Outro] Hey {*8X*} turn it up now Hey {*8X*} turn it up loud Yeah! Ha, ha, break it down like Woo~! Yo yo, yo yo yo-yo-yo Gutter Rainbows The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: So Low Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - Noisettes "Sometimes" samples] "Sometimes, we start over" "Just go solo..." (Yeah, I like that) "No metaphors, are needed from" (Snap your fingers, you can do it all by yourself) "This time onwards" (You can do it all by yourself) [Chorus: Talib Kweli] I can go so low I can feel the gravity that's in the world around me I can go so low I can feel the fire burnin as it swirls around me And I've been so low I've felt ice cold in hours at the bottom of the sea Might have been so low You might did low get low but you never been as low as me [Talib Kweli] I always speak for the struggle my people still hurtin I'm a name brand, I'm a product but still a real person I'm still flirtin with death although I'm still certain about my commitments in life, although I'm still searchin I better find a way, if not I better make a path And one that's seldom traveled by the masses I never stuck in all the traffic, I cut through all the plastic Enemies of the enlightened like the government is fascist I talk it how I live it yet I'm still considered a walkin contradiction Cause I'm breakin out of your artistic prison listen I got my own demons, what I'm supposed to do with yours Times like this I gotta remind myself what I do it for People I knew before celebrity, swear they see the change in me I tell 'em change is God, you gotta let it be How does it feel to come full circle? Still cursin, still pursin my lips to pull purple but [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yo You witnessin, the building of a legacy So let us just pray cause the journey that's ahead of us got us facin a task that just might get the best of us That's why we gotta clash with the Titans like Pegasus No Oedipus, but it's like the beat is my therapist When I let it in it get up in the cracks and the crevices of my memories.. what kind of treasure are you buried with? You fight when you die are you a soldier or a terrorist? Remember this, there's no one else to blame when you're solo Establish your fan base local, before you take it global Don't be scared to spend your own dough You gotta speak up be vocal Sometimes you feel so low, ain't nowhere to go but up, go with us We just gettin started, why you slowin up? But know enough to know, this was done by the collective we Even if my name is on the record sleeve, I ain't into brevity The fuck is a celebrity? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Sean Price Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Palookas Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Talib Kweli - talking] This feel like one of them TV shows from the '60's Oh, oh, oh, you can try (when the flight come in) Oh, you can, can certainly try (when the flight arrives) Hey, murder, murder Yes, ('cause what we do), classic version (What we do), classic version Yeah, we represent, yeah [Verse 1 - Talib Kweli] My music represent the change in powers From now on this thing is ours, got 'em paintin war instead of paintin flowers They shower they heroes with praises, while we hangin ours We bring the drums to the battle 'cause we bang the loudest You don't know a thing about it, if you mention King or Malcolm Bet you that Kweli the outcome, album's so hot, that my ghetto chicks is bringin talcum Whether you sing or shout it They gave somebody else the crown but I'm the King without it Your Queen is ridin with me, she's always slidin with me You can't stop me like the bullets that's inside of 50 They try to diss me but whenever I say "bye", they miss me You walkin with me or you alien like Mork & Mindy You talkin with me if they often envy Take it off the table and the Devil run a label 'cause the Lord is with me Arrogance bring the fall of many My name echo like the hall is empty, you don't wanna a war against me [Chorus - Talib Kweli] Hey, if this the cut, I'm the surg-a Assassinate your character, cast of Sperger You ain't got a verse better than my worst one (worst one) You ain't got a verse better than my worst one (worst one) Hey, I know it hurts son But you against me, a .50 Cal verse a squirt gun You ain't got a verse better than my worst one You ain't got a verse better than my worst one [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] Why? You and your man some palookas, you scared of my medulla You see beyond the shadow of a doubt, I'm born ready, steady as the hand of the shooter In the flesh, yes, the embodiment of man verse computer I make all the women abandon they suitors Do the math, you see you can't measure up to the ruler Word, on behalf of all the fans and consumers I'm buildin with Fred Hampton Jr., man we plannin a future Not preachin, we do it different, we liftin the youth up We spittin it too tough, too sick for these new thugs Or goons, whatever they called, they softer than new bucks Vampires in the club, sippin that "True Blood" I'm a "Midnight Marauder" and a slaughter for the "Tribe" Or mortal line, bustin at the cops like Mortal Kai The sort of guy that mortify These clown ass rappers since 45 live And you know it man [Verse 3 - Sean Price] Yo, Sean Price, mad nice, accept that My worst verse sound like your best rap Put on your bent plaque, I pay double on trips I punch you, up in your face and double your lips This be the dumbest shit I ever wrote No Tupac Shakur, just two shots, ya floored Listen, the gun clapper, the dumb rapper, the young rapper Dig in your pockets and leave with your funds faster Fuckin new rap rookies Get beat to death, New Jack Pookie Face fucked with the H stuck in your grill Play tough and get scrapped up in the 'ville Afro-American minus the afro Bald-headed American lettin the gat blow Shut the fuck up before you get hurt son You ain't got a verse better than my worst one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Nigel Hall Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Mr. International Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Talib Kweli] Hey! How ya doin? We all gonna be like a bunch of little Fonzies What's Fonzie? "He's COOOOL!" Yup, meet Mr. International On the runway more than a fashion show, y'know? It's all love like McEnroe But sorry I have to go - one more time yo! Meet Mr. International On the runway more than a fashion show, y'know? It's all love like McEnroe But sorry I have to go [Chorus: Nigel Hall] I've been so many places in my life and time And I know, this fo' sho', I'm a life, that's worth living I've seen a lot of faces made a lot of moves I'm international, because of you [repeat Chorus] [Talib Kweli] Yo Let me introduce you to the Blacksmith crew, we makin money Go to sleep with a dream and we wakin up hungry Its a new day stomach is rumblin - oh well I'm like Lloyd Banks, stumblin out of the hotel Overseas show I'm catchin the last flight Really need to go I'm hungover from last night Out with Gina and MeLa Machinko, we get silly Had a ball, 'bout to call a cab like Wet Willie's When I'm in commuter traffic I'm never worried or panicked First class travel, I'm flyin Virgin Atlantic I'm already checked in, I'm ready to settle in Going places I've never been, I get my Rosetta in Rackin up the sky miles and gettin them upgrades And you hate the only place that you visit is upstate Don't be mad cause I'm writin this rhyme on my iPad Don't be sad cause tomorrow I'm catchin the flight back [Talib Kweli] I'm a travellin man, movin through places space and time Think your life hard workin at your 9 to 5 No matter what you do you can't imitate my grind Twenty-four/seven love ain't that rough when your career is you're passion no that ain't enough So when you hear me rappin it's like I'm makin love Banging your eardrum, slingin that good uhh, takin over the planet You follow my footprints now you rollin with the greatest I'm gettin to know the neighbors I'm tastin the local flavors Chicks from the ghetto were richer than portobello My life is like a movie a novel by Paulo Coelho or the Steely Dan song about a bottle of Cuervo Colombian Gold, take a hit for the road It's given me a vision like I was lickin a toad Consider me so blessed like momma bakin a cake and the kids is lickin the bowl, the illest stickin to soul [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro: Nigel Hall] It's because of you I'm international, yeah Ooooh-ooooooh, ahhh ahhh ahhhhh We're flyin high up above in the sky The WIND on our wings.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Ed Lover, Khrysis Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: I'm On One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ed Lover] Aiyyo this is Ed Lover man Yo Talib, show these niggaz what it is man You're a real rhymer man, you're a real emcee man These old doo-doo ass, bonehead Fuckin Squarehead Spongebob-head motherfuck those kids They ain't got no skills son, they can't do shit Aiyyo Talib, tell 'em man, "C'MON SON~!" [Talib Kweli] + (Khrysis) (Yeah!) No sleep 'til Brooklyn (Khrysis on the board with the heat y'all, Kweli) Yeahhhh!! (Let's get 'em) [Talib Kweli] Son... c'mon son Yeh, yeah, I'm on one Son... c'mon son I, I, I'm on one Son... (yeah that's what you been waitin for) c'mon son (You are now in TUUUNE!) Yeh, yeah, I'm on one (You are now in tune) Son... c'mon son (Gutter Rainbows) Yeah [Verse One] This be that, crack it must be what you're usin if you challenge me You're sniffin on that white girl The Valeries, the Natalies, the Mallorys Got you sweatin like you're losin calories Battle me? You confuse illusion with reality Back up off me you had your glory Man I never seen a sadder story Blame yourself you mad at me you mad at Corey I left the maze you still the white mice in the laboratory Don't test the brain son, I'm quite nice at Scattergories Metaphors and allegories speakin at your colleges Pathologies I keep my ghetto promises, I promise this The rhyme'll leave you bloody as.. first responders get You hear em coming with the sirens and titans like Kurt Vonnegut They appetite for dominance rival that of the Ottoman Phenomenon, I'll eat you after dark like this was Ramadan Ain't no patience for the whack emcee This ain't WorldStar, homey this ain't Vlad TV So stop posin for the camera, I'm showin all you amateurs Life is a bitch, it's how you handle her You let the chips (uh uh) drop, let 'em fall where they may This an "Everyday Struggle" like Notorious say Son {*scratched: "YEAH!"*} c'mon son {"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one {"YEAH!"} C'mon son {"YEAH!"} I, I, I [Verse Two] I got the recipe for rest in peace I never ran, but I'm lookin so Presidential I still command you to arrest the chief Rebellion is my specialty While the mad cows convince you to invest in beef I lay this game without a referee so there ain't no official So even Too $hort couldn't "Blow the Whistle" Oh yeah I flow a little! You mighta heard of me Producers got restrainin orders.. I murder beats State of emergency like Dudus Coke You hate it but you love it though We smoke and roll one up a double Dutch but I ain't jumpin rope My gutter flow, ice cold like the love below Bring the hood right into your bungalo Teach you how to start, ironically bionic Lee Majors Now you can do us a favor and stop your coonish behavior You rude as Judas who was an intruder truly a hater Stab your neighbor in the back, you'll do anything to be famous Stop posin for the camera, I'm showin all you amateurs Life is a bitch, it's how you handle her You let the chips (uh uh) drop, let 'em fall where they may This an "Everyday Struggle" like Notorious say Son {*scratched: "YEAH!"*} c'mon son {"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one {"YEAH!"} C'mon son {"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one [Talib Kweli, with "YEAH!" scratching] Now where y'all at man? This is America ain't it? Where can I be free? Ay, you can do what you wanna do man [Outro: Ed Lover] Yo what the fuck happened to skills man? Y'all, y'all ain't go no skills man Yo Kweli man, show these niggaz what's goin on son Show these niggaz man that Tha-tha-tha-that that old A-B-C shit that they talkin 'bout is bullshit son Get the FUCK outta here with that bullshit~! Man where's Mos Def at anyway son? F'real son, c'mon son!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Kendra Ross Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Wait For You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Talib Kweli] Yeah, hey, yeh And who are you to be talkin 'bout, what I be doin man? I'm the upper echelon, who is you to evaluate my performance? How would you like it if I came to your job and evaluated your performance? {*laughter*} Are you the best at what you do? Your name don't even come up in conversation man [Chorus: Talib Kweli & Kendra Ross] Better get it while the gettin is good, and do what you do No hesitation, ain't no time for playin games Go 'head and take all you can, and grab with both hands Do it big or they won't even know your name While the gettin is good, you do what you do No hesitation ain't no time for playin games Go 'head and take all you can, and grab with both hands Do it big or they won't even know your name [Talib Kweli] Yo, aiyyo What are you doin wit'cha life? Your time on Earth is sacred The time you spend at your plantation is it worth the paper? It's like you workin for nathan, the money's circulatin You can't pay your mortgage but you buyin bottles perpetratin Chill with them threatening raps You sound lame, you a snake, you made the plane with your venomous acts They call me Gentleman Sav cause I back Miss Congeniality like Benjamin Bratt Attractin chicks who like the "Feminine Fatt" While you only deal with the bitches, I deal with the realest women It's ill how they feel the rhythm in they mid-section when they blessed with the child-bearin hips But the softest pair of lips is when they hair get flipped I love my culture and heritage, it keep me from being derelict Invested in myself like this was Merrill Lynch Been waitin for my second comin like I'm heavensent Even though I'm not your savior I'll grace you with my benevolence [Talib Kweli] Yo, yo, yo My style is unfadeable and haterproof I'll slay the booth I'm known to interrupt the program like late breakin news Some say its only eggheads that I cater to Well wait a few in order to make an omelette I gotta break a few My plate is full, I wasn't 'sposed to be here but I made it through My reputation grew, I left.. blood on the stage for you How dare you say that my commitment is debatable I'm married to the music; you rhythm then I'm a slave to you Commercial artists so relatable The consumer appetite is insatiable, I could do what they could do easily But then they'd say Kweli be seemin fake to you Record sales ain't makin you, money is motivatin you The artist gotta lead I hope the fan base stay with you The products shoddy if you rush it for the paper true D'Angelo and Sade they, take a decade or two Keep that good music comin and they'll wait for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Outasight Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Ain't Waiting Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] + (Outasight) Once upon a time in a land far far away I tried to play but my heart in the way This part a little harder to say It's like the white girl trapped in a well Help is comin but it's scary as hell But very well here went the fairy tale Now Cinderella want a fella who is not so ghetto So she follow bread crumbs like Hansel & Gretel Hello - that'll make her drop her underwear Dough longer than Rapunzel hair Everyone one stare when she walk in she like (what you want?) Yo I'm not gonna front, I'll be blunt I'll make that ass bump, I know that's (what they want) Me too with my hands up She turned around like man up, I'm like (here I am) But I know her from work, she pass by like he ain't that fly you got (one more chance) to fall down the rabbit hole Let me take you Wonderland or I'm makin some other plans [Chorus 2X: Outasight] I don't wanna spend the night Tryin to figure out how to spend my life I don't wanna spend my time waiting for you, waiting for you [Interlude One: Outasight] + (Talib) (Everybody say) oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh ohhhh Waiting for you, waiting for you (Hey, everybody in the house) (C'mon, you know it well, what I'm talkin about) (Now say) oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh ohhhh Waiting for you, waiting for you [Talib Kweli] + (Outasight) I made you a star, your light was shinin and so bright So right that it dwarfed the chicks like Snow White So nice got down with the team and now you one of us Got me singing like Prince, "You sexy motherfuh.." You could be my +Princess Bride+ call you my +Buttercup+ I love when you lettin me be the man Let me take you by the hand like Wendy in Peter Pan If you fly by night, that's right, I'll let you make a wish Eat you up like a favorite dish Man I pray you not the Wicked Witch (made it through) A situation where I broke my promise But now I'm tryin to be honest love (so can you) Sometimes people evolve But that involves knowin exactly (what you want) And right now I want a compromise By givin your partner (what they want) My life is an open boo You had a chapter but will it end happily ever after? [Interlude Two: Outasight] + (Talib) (Here we go yeah, ay, ay) (Ay that's what I'm talkin about, I put it down like) (Woo, get your hands up, yeah) (Everybody in the house say it, say it) oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh oh oh Oh, oh, oh ohhhh Waiting for you, waiting for you (Yeah, everybody, ah everybody) (Now everybody say, c'mon) oh, oh, oh oh oh (Say it with me) oh, oh, oh oh oh (Say it with me) oh, oh, oh ohhhh Waiting for you, waiting for you (Hey, everybody in the house) [Talib Kweli] + (Outasight) Life ain't a fairy tale Now they say sister's bitter and the Brothers is Grimm Time to let the story end and let another begin I spun straw into gold like Rumpelstiltskin Still a whole in my soul that love won't fill in She Sleeping Beauty cause her eyes was closed Tried to sleep on your boy like Brian Rose Now she wild like the coke in your nose And I'm lyin like Pinocchio Gotta know when it's time to go Gotta know when it's (here we are) We had some good times Had some Little Red Riding Hood times but (once again) I'm the Big Bad Wolf Don't hit me with the sad look love (here I am) I'm still the same old me But I don't know if we should give it (one more chance) To add another chapter Life ain't always happily ever after [Chorus] + ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Cold Rain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let's try something new - it's been a long time comin Let's try somethin brand new - aiyyo Ski~! We overdue man, c'mon Yo who we do it for? [Talib Kweli] This is for the daytrippers and the hipsters, whores and the fashionistas Spiritual leaders practicin all the laws of attraction and teachers who readin passages from the Bhagavad Gita We bustin off Dalai Lamas or flashin heaters; the last of the boosters with the shootin, the thuggin and all the goonin and spoonin and all the croonin and coonin and auto-tunin alive You be tellin to peddle it to consumers I'm helpin them see through it Get with this new movement, let's move it! (Feel the cold rain) Still standin right here (Even the winter summer days) [Talib Kweli] Yeah I'm a product of Reaganomics From the blocks where they rockin to feds like Jay Electronica drop and make this a lock If you promise us where the heart is whether Jesus or Mohammad Regardless of where the Mosque is (word) They hope for the Apocalypse like a self-fulfillin prophecy Tell me where do we stop it? Do they ask you your religion before you rent an apartment? Is the answer burning Qu'rans wo that we can defend Islamics? The end upon us with a hash tag, a trendin topic You take away the freedoms that we've been fightin to gain Then you disrespect the soldiers you ask them to die in vain In the desert praying for rain Our music's like a drug and they tend to take it in vein it ain't for the well-behaved The soundtrack for when you great but it's more when you felt afraid More than your average rapper, so you sort of felt the way The brain is like a cage, you a slave and that's why they lovin you This is the book that Eli that start with a K-W (Feel the cold rain) Still standin right here (Even the winter summer days) Yeah, yeah, I ain't goin nowhere (Feel the cold rain) Still standin right here (Even the winter summer days) Yeah [Talib Kweli] I do it for the trappers other rappers, backpackers the crackers The niggaz, the metal-packers, the victims of ghetto factories I do it for the families, citizens of humanity Emcees endangered species like manatees I do it for the future of my children! They the hope for the hopeless Karma approaches, we gon' be food for a flock of vultures The end of the world; ain't nuttin left but the cockroaches and the freedom fighters - we freedom writers like Bob Moses The chosen, freedom writers like Voltaire For my block, my borough, my hood, my city, my state, yeah My obligation to my community so clear Yeah we gotta save them, this opportunity so rare We do it so big over here that it's no fair to the punks, bitches, the chumps, the snitches that sneak in the game We let 'em live although they weak and they lame They poseurs and jokers promotin when they speakin my name (Feel the cold rain) Still standin right here (Even the winter summer days) I ain't goin nowhere (Feel the cold rain) Still standin right here (Even the winter summer days) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Friends & Family Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You are now witnessin, the demise of the music business I say demise of the music business cause people always gon' need music in they life y'knahmsayin? I can't do music with people, I'm uncomfortable with, y'knahmsayin? I can't be on stage wit'chu pourin out my soul.. if I don't like you So with that said, shoutout to Strong Arm Steady Shout out to Jean Grae That's my Blacksmith family, you dig? [Talib Kweli] I just heard a song that reminded me of times when you was findin me rhymin in Greenwich Village circa 1993 Yeah those were the salad days, my career's appetizer The main course a casserole or a jambalaya of different influences that led me where the music is A student is, only as good as his teachers tutelage Payin for college not learnin was straight foolishness ... So I stopped goin to school but this was hard to tell my parents sat 'em down tried to get through to them Thought of no one daily and travelled to different places Freestyled with 'Clef and Forte in the Booga Basement with Rubiks and JuJu on Flatbush my hood amazin Platinum Island recordin with Duro and Just Blaze And that was right next door to Rawkus whassup, Jared and Brian Relax y'all, my man Fingaz Kendra Ross you got the soul of a Stax singer I love how you always bring it back sister You and Reesy makin every record I got classics with Hi-Tek and Mos Def that are so respected Shout out to Corey Smith, shout out to Dave Chapelle I went on tour with The Roots, they played so well Writing rhymes with Mike and Nine Me and Pharoahe Monch were Soundbombing Me and +Lonnie Lynn+ got a lot in +Common+ Mystik Journeymen introduced me to Top Ramen On the bus Kanye West would never stop rhymin Ain't no mountain high enough for him, he never stopped climbin That's why when the homies win I never stop smilin See I'm smilin right now, hey (Nothin else matters more than friends and family) No doubt, that's how it's gotta be This is my odyssey, it's just the God in me (Friends and family) Yup, they all a part of me Cause I would die for them, and they would die for me (Friends and family) That's right, and plus I love my fans Love when you throw your hands up it's like you all my fam (Friends and family) Like you considered kin Got me through thick and thin, thank you for listenin [Talib Kweli] (Nothin else matters more than friends and family) It started with a blast, now I'm a iconoclast Promised to be honest in my craft to make the promise last I do this for myself, but the song for you Once I put it out for sale then it belong to you This for Amani Fela plus Diani Eshe Your daddy love his girl, your mommy never far away This is for Eque, this for Kierra Paul We on ride like Ciara and we will never fall Headquarters and Guru is love forever y'all I make it plain cause it's too strong for a metaphor or simile Your legacy will always be remembered for forever or 'til the end of time whichever come first Big love to my mom and dad, you could have done worse Jamal and I, the way we are cause you put your sons first So many black parents lose they sons to the gunburst Mommas drownin in they own tears 'til they lungs burst Voice crackin like Michael Stipe cause everyone hurts [Talib Kweli] (Nothin else matters more than friends and family) My first record was with Mood back in ninety-six In fact it was pretty fresh, Google that, find that shit It sound good, I was showin you what timeless is You couldn't catch what I was sayin without rewindin it ... Believe me every fan is special You hear me now, but I got fans from "Lyricist Lounge" and "Manifesto" So much whack rap I know it's hard to tell the difference but, when I heat it up I make the garbage smell I'm resurrected but I'm no savior I know the game I can ball a little bit, I'm an +Okayplayer+ Double meaning cause the flow is layered We love to say it but it's easier than it sound to ignore the haters To snap back like the jaws of gators on amazin production, you can feel it and we killin it... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Tater Tot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I'm just wondering what the heck is in our water supply What the heck is in our oxygen supply that creates a rainbow effect in the sprinklers? What is oozing out of our ground that allows this type of effect to happen? It's not just around our sun and our moon any more Everywhere we look, the visible spectrum, is rainbows This can not be natural We as a nation have got to ask ourselves what the hell is going on? What is oozing out of our ground? [Talib Kweli] The day that I enlisted was the result of a prior visit with Jesus Christ felt like I was lifted Then I got injured and the hospital was like a prison Fell out of touch with my faith I was nihilistic They call me Cyclops, cause I was blind in one eye I'm out the army now I'm tryin to decide how to properly fit in with civilians I'm used to killin Got me feelin all confused who the hero and who the villain Hopped in my red Camaro, shot down the street like lead in a barrel Decked out in my veteran apparel I drove aimlessly for miles until I saw this country that'd want me to kill; I took a bullet for this muh'fucker Thousand miles later finally made a stop Small town restaurant, God damn the waitress hot Ordered tater tots, got her number, later that night We was at the bar, takin shots 'til we fell in love I said let's go Las Vegas and do this Knew this wasn't made for my soul Drove all night and was awakened to cold She wanna play the slots, nicknamed her Tater Tot cause of how we met, cool I need a shower, bet Found a motel on the strip, I'm checkin in when out the blue some Mexicans came in the lobby like they 'bout to shoot some Asians that was runnin down the hall with they guns brazen Now e'rybody pullin out they shit like it's an invasion~! The Mexicans let them Asians have it; Asians had to fire back 'til they was outta bullets and the blood splattered everywhere Deal gone bad or somebody robbin Either way somebody's rotten all I hear is bodies droppin I jump behind the front desk in the nick of time The crook is on the floor, his blood made me slip and slide But I'm the last man standin A reflex made me grab a cannon out a dyin man's hand Then I noticed that a car was runnin Sack of guns on the floor plus unmarked bills by the hundreds Driver comin at me gunnin Sirens blarin in the distance cause the caps are comin I spun around and I hit the deck Heard the bullets whiz by my ear I let off, hit him in the chest Quicker than the bullets left the chamber I grabbed the sack off the floor hit the door with the bangers Lookin for my lady at the casino, she was in the zone I said "We gotta go" she like "Why?" and I'm like "C'MON!" No need to gamble baby, here the lick Put the chips down we gotta go right now, this little shit Now we speedin down the I-15 First time I noticed that her eyes were green gave her a gun and a magazine I made her count the loot But when she saw the score she pointed the gun at me Now she about to shoot {*blam, blam blam*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Blaq Toven Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: How You Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I hear footsteps, in the dark Feel like I'm goin fuckin crazy [Chorus: Blaq Toven] Every day since we first met Can't even eat a bit I can't seem to think straight When I think about how you love me Everyday is like a holiday Something like Christmas Eve My worst day is carefree When I think about how you love me [Talib Kweli] When are we gonna grow up? Why do I love you so much we so touched? Excited by the drama we like when it show up The fightin don't slow up, I light you like close ups And I call you my Calamity Jane, you like my fantasy Love cause the same chemical reaction in the brain as insanity Holidays drinkin wit'cha family... passionate folks Imagine if they had they own reality show - actually no Desire's like fire; quit playin or get burned or give it away on camera like Montana Fishburne Our presence is a gift, a gift is our present Breakup text call her a bitch under my breath And then the makeup sex she forgive me in a session I know she love me, she sendin a mixed message though [Talib Kweli] You need a chick with some fire I mean unless you want a wife cold as ice Livin life with the biggest debutante Me and you we considered the upper echelon The only one I come out my fitted for in a restaurant You can get it huh; remember I was takin your digits Same night I was makin the visit Make it the mission to make you cum When we done sometimes you hate to admit it You a little numb from the toys and love the noise that you make when you run from the boys and comfort your man, insane how we go so crazy with it This the asylum, so we call relationships committed You ain't a bird I ain't them others guys that get lost in the name You the butterfly, and I'm the moth to your flame Love is dying while the mother's cryin Big brother eyein me imposin their reality to Shutter Island [Talib Kweli] Our love is like a Psycho or a trilogy, the drama is killin me I'm grown but the little boy is still in me We discuss monogamy polygamy, the I's the probability Your momma ain't feelin me, it stung like a killer bee How far from the tree do the apple fall? The things I said - was it how I felt, was it the alcohol? Or do I really hate her after all? I apologize for the statements that I made to her First I swallowed my pride, then I ate my words I tried to pass it off acted like it was nothin The fact is I was discoverin my appetite for destruction Everything else is bland once you tasted filet mignon When I'm full I'm takin you home, you a plate for later on I'll eat it up... or beat it up Til your love runneth over, yo I need a cup The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Jean Grae Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Uh Oh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jean Grae] That is great Good for you! Okay, get out of the way though Ehehe, thank you Excuse me, excuse me [Jean Grae] Been a long time (yes) shouldn't have left you Without a dope beat to step to Say - uhh, shouldn't have left you without a dope beat to step to, sayin (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) C'mon, the word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Yeah, y'know you heard of that (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Ohh! Uh, you know the word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Yes, I know you heard of that Psychopath, ride a tricycle in a biker's club Mike Tyson face tatted addict, like it tough Hey scatterbrain, don't get your grey matter punched up 'til you hunched, talk-talkin like you punch drunk One love - two maybe if I'm drunk enough Naked watchin three, painted ladies do the bump and grub Mean muggin Jean - the Heebs call meshugenah Bookin her in the Catskills like "Look at her rap skills!" He's rockin a backpack, a nerd in the rat pack Jean Martine de Begerac, you heard of her murder rap I murder rap, you learn it, confirm it and burn its audio Music for your convertible, music for burnin cardio~! Don't use it for burners - they'll find me in your stereo and blame me for the murder sock me up and get me carried off I know I said murder befo' - murder murder, FUCK IT murder Make it fo', insert a learning curve Mine is so high you get vertigo, assertive girl a-fern to blow Eternally superlative, blindfolded learn to drive at night up on a girder bridge, heard a "NO!" Talib dirty nervousness, yes the boys are back Oh yes the boys in black, the boy's a {motherfuckin} rap star Teeny rock star, minus the f'real and all the cop cars Rocks off, lock bars with the realest (hach-too) in the spot Really y'all should get on your knees and just pray for forgiveness sayin [Chorus: Jean Grae] (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said the word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Uh oh, you heard of that (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said the word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Uh oh you heard of that ohh (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said uh oh (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh yeah you heard of that ohh (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said uh oh (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh yeah you heard of that, ohhhh [Talib Kweli] I'm a, man of God who asked the Devil for some face time It's shade time you never see him comin cause you fake, blind The mainline, Bloods are wavin flags like K'Naan The Crips throwin gang signs, the Beast in the street there to keep like a canine, and low like the bassline Jean and Kwe' think alike like great minds The crown is on my head, what makes you think that you can take mine? They know they'll never win but still they racist like a hate crime Runnin track like Tyra in +Higher Learning+ We bleeding gasoline so we keepin the fire burnin We speedin like Valvoline and we speak fo' a higher purpose You believe in magazines that deliver entire sermons Give me some Vasoline cause your shit is dryer than deserts You never fired a weapon in your life~! So picturin yourself as a gangster the only way that you shootin My intelligent design is a product of evolution Psychotic, erotic, catch phrases just to, get at your girl Create solutions for a digital world So baby even when I'm spittin game I'm addin on Rappers goin hard pure for the dope, I got an acronym for Capricorn {?} And Prepared, Rigorous, Innovative Captivatin, Ordinary, Regular, Nigga just throwin daily your chick goin crazy yo Handle her like Chelsea Lately Rockin the fresh kicks like you felt her baby We'll wait until you done bein whack We got every hand up from the front to the back If you wonderin why you just dressin funny in rap You need attention dog, there ain't no more, money in rap So if you're mixin with GarageBand, videos on the Flip cam I'm a big fan - you got more +Hart+ than +Bret - The Hitman+ But shit damn, it's the pinnacle, it gets no better I'm boastin, but still stay humble Never spinnin, I'm always coastin [Chorus] - first half with ad libs [Jean Grae] (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) I said uh oh (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Oh yeah the word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) The word is back (UH OH! UH OH! UH OH!) Yessir the word is back {*fades out: "Yes, the word is back..."*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Chace Infinite Album: Gutter Rainbows Song: Self Savior Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] New Chace Infinite, Talib Kweli, yeah Music courtesy of, Maurice 'Mo Betta' Brown Mo Betta, makes it mo' better, yeah Preacher's playing foul in the system now listen now It's more hate in the religious now ain't it foul Gotta be a better way to figure out how to be a self savior plus help my niggaz out These pigs playin foul in the system now listen now Every poor person is a nigga now There's gotta be a better way to figure out how to get this paper cause they lockin all my niggaz down [Chace Infinite] How do expect to live? Dealin with savages is damagin Somebody gotta lose although you play to win You know these niggaz hate, despite the color of your face When I say nigga I'm just speakin on your mental state Life ain't a game if it is I can't participate Maybe I've changed but my mind is in a different state Cause now it seems more like a plan I'm strivin for perfection, so that's where I'll begin Your tallies and peaks and valleys can't describe who I am This music is therapeutic, I define who I am Through the actions I portray as a man - in combination with impressions I leave on people through things that I've said I've had it up to here with the bullshit So when I rap I sound like I'm in the pulpit Yeah; they say that I be preachin too much But I know that through the music's how you teach it to us It's all real [Talib Kweli] True indeed Chace; they tried to get rid of me (say word) But they can't write me off, I'm not a charity That's a parody right? You kiddin me There really ain't no challenge, my authenticity virtually guarantee me a flawless victory, you kiddin me? I'm lethal, I'm from a people who was forced into captivity Original man, there was often a facsimile I give a little more than your metaphors and wack similes Thousand yard stare, say a prayer for my enemy I'm international, half of these rappers laughable It's tragic how the other half so vaginal They put the style over substance, they counsel bother me My style married my substance and now they livin in harmony But any substance can be abused Especially when the style is so seductive the substance consider leaving you You gotta get back to your essence Use your gifts and share your presence Don't count your dollars 'til you count your blessings The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Intro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*cheers and applause*) [Talib Kweli] + (crowd) Mic check (mic check!) I'm at a loss for words (I'm at a loss for words) But even me being at a loss for words (but even me being at a loss for words) Is amplified (is amplified) They wanna know what the end game is (they wanna know what the end game is) This IS the end game (this IS the end game!) Everybody here with a camera (everybody here with a camera) Everybody here with a smartphone (everybody here with a smartphone) Everyone here with a voice (everyone here with a voice) Do your job (do your job!) And spread the word (and spread the word!) Make it grow (make it grow) It's about growth now (it's about growth now) We have to grow (we have to grow) And that's the point (and that's the point) I love y'all (I love y'all) {*cheers and applause*) Yeah yeah... yeah, yeah, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Human Mic Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Talib Kweli] I exhibit characteristics of the average misfit who graduated from stabbin and grabbin a biscuit It's sick and tragic how antagonistic we get, when there's no power, it goes sour I seen them crossin the bridge by the masses covered in the ashes of both towers Native New Yorker, the way that we talk make 'em an offer that you can't refuse, come back later on after you thought it over Look out for them shooters, they'll be poppin up at the opera to pop ya, the daughter's payin for the sins of the godfather Popular music got 'em confusin killers and artists I kill it the hardest, competition dearly departed They feelin some sort of way cause my flow revealin they garbage I'm makin 'em throw it up, you just makin the people vomit When it come, to this rhymin I'm a legend like Tutankhamun or the Chupacabra, the way I weave it together and tie the knot up Made a macram of macabre, you a Daiquiri with a shot of the Amaretto, you sweet as a girly drink - oh the horror Throw it back, Cognac, I'm the best, you know that You could have your own opinion but not, your own facts On track, as the most prolific ever The most consistently viciously off the rip, we be rippin it like a shredder Some symphony hall shit, gettin higher than your falsetta It's gettin better, drop a +Pearl+ every +Jam+ like Eddie Vedder Very fed up with self-appointed preservers of past eras who never see they reflection when they walkin past mirrors They got bitten and now they smitten with the taste of blood, ain't take enough drugs for the sleepin, they weepin and fuckin they makeup up Uh, I raise the bar and my weight is up All this hate is just confused unadulterated love The eyes are the windows to the soul and my shade is up Advocate for artists regardless cause I got faith in us (faith in us) For the workers who don't get paid enough who take the bus Hands way too rough for the paper cuts As far as they concerned food on the table the only way to love It take a slum village to raise a child, you gotta raise it up (raise it up) Raise it up (raise it up) raise it up (raise it up) Take it up (take it up) take it up {*echoes to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Turnt Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] Aiyyo Fed, what's up bruh? {"L-L-L-League of Starz"} What's up with me? You know what's up with me man Heh, I'm tryin to get +Paid in Full+ Check this out right Since Javotti is the label, and I'm talkin over this def beat right here I think we should turn it up We got my man {"Tr-Tr-Trend on the beat"} [Talib Kweli] Thinkin of a master plan Where there's nothin but cash inside my hand Wanna dig into my pocket, my phophet is Heaven-sent I dig deeper, you know I represent, represent Yeah money over bitches, my sisters go over everything My band'll make her dance, I'm forever just like a wedding ring Far above the hate and the jealousy that the cheddar bring Tryin to get away from there 85er's like Evelyn Ride with me, I got 'em leakin like Nene Got 'em +Leakin+ like Wiki, these monkeys bitin like hickeys Cause they seein what I'm doin, fillin 'em with confusion Cuttin just like a truant, I'm fluent just like a student of the romance languages, only the diamonds hang with us My meal is decorated with garnishes like your wages is The crib is outrageous but really it's no joke The girl of your dream be comin over to smoke - loud [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Drop it, stop it With all the soap operas and the soapboxin Turnt up... Turnt up... Turnt UP... For the people [Talib Kweli] Yeah, you could feel the heat from the speaker, my sound'll darken your features Run it down like a zebra, I move with the speed of cheetahs I'm from Brooklyn where the heaters the size of a 2-liter I ain't askin for no follows, I'm lookin for new leaders It's hard not consumin all the bullshit they feed us Intravenous like a cord to the womb from a fetus Been hard since I started readin Alliteration is literally littered through my DNA swimmin all through my semen So every time I bust, babies begin bein born Talk turns tough 'til them toasters that's tucked get drawn like a picture, picture a perfect paintin Police profilin people peacefully prayin Lay the law like leaders, the lazy is lollygaggin On my grind gettin gwap, guess green is the new black, yup Meet me at the bar and we throwin a few back Hopped out the car, you know who blew that - loud [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Drop it, stop it With all the soap operas and the soapboxin Turnt up - say it again Turnt up - with a T, with a T Turnt UP... woo! For the people [Talib Kweli] Aiyyo we drink good, smoke good These cats wearin funny hats like the Pope would I come in lookin quite clean in the loafers So hood I might scheme up to no good You're no crook, Gosling in "The Notebook" I got the birds on +The Wire+ like I know Wood I still rep P.O.C.'s like I'm supposed ta Comin live from +Death Row+ like I know Suge My rhyme like a laser beam, so focused I'm in the ring so lean I need a foam cup I ain't lyin, bare teeth so ferocious Well maybe I'm lyin bare feet in the ocean On a beach fall asleep and I'm floatin to the beat so unique like a potion I love music, I'm complete in my devotion (Word, say it again) I'm complete in my devotion Turn it up [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Turn it up loud, turn it up loud Drop it, stop it With all the soap operas and the soapboxin Turnt up... Turnt up - uh, uh Turnt UP - word For the people, P.O.C. [Outro: Talib] What up Terrace? Hey (hey) hey (hey) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Miguel Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Come Here Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Miguel] I don't wanna waste your time, baby I just wanna make you, come to me Comfortable baby, so come here darling Come, for me, baby, yeah I don't wanna waste a second, longer I just wanna make you, come dance with me Come talk to me, come here darling Come here for me, baby [Talib over Chorus] Ladies and gentlemen What we have here is somethin new, somethin fresh Yes, yes [Talib Kweli] Why you so far away? You need to feel this I got somethin to tell you, come here real quick I done dirt in the past, I know that love hurts I'll come for you but my lady gotta come first I can tell by your hesitation there's trust issues You get excited, ignited, highly combustible You on a higher vibration, that's why I fuck wit'chu Let me provide, you'll be comfortable as a Huxtable Your whole style is colder than Minnesota I love your profile the way you look over shoulders (Where you goin?) At the crib I'm hopin you come over We could do it like Common and Mary and +Come Closer+ We could do it like Barack and Michelle, give me a fist bump Black magical or act radical with the fist up Do it 'til we +Rockin the Bells+, you like hip-hop Promise you I'm not gonna tell, we keep our lips locked (shhhh) [Talib over Chorus] No, no... Where you goin? Uh-uh... Yeah, c'mere, uh [Talib Kweli] Like a Spike Lee movie I'm movin across the floor Feel the love in the music, I'm usin it like a lure I love how you do it, your beauty and your allure Make you cum/come like the ocean approachin you like shore She +Rock-a-fella Center+ like Diego in the lobby As valuable as "The Scream" or a Salvador Dali She popular with the thieves and wannabe Thomas Crowns who try to steal her attention as soon as I'm not around (word) His last bird probably flew the coup Blastin Outkast last words ("Hootie-hooooo!") I don't know how to describe you, you so beautiful Je ne sais quoi (how you say) how you say, voulez vous? Pardon my French like a tongue kisser, I'll make her come hither 'til she dancin with wolves, see how they run with her I'm dumb twisted off rum liquor But fix my composition then give her a proposition to consider ... C'mere [Talib] + (Miguel) Hey you (hey you) hey you (Yeah I'm talkin to you, hey you) Hey (hey you) hey youuuuu (Hey you know I'm talkin to you) Hey, hey, hey (simmer down for me) Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down (simmer down for me) Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down (simmer down for me) Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down (down for me, yeah) [Talib Kweli] Yeah Black Madonna, you sow the seeds like a farmer While our men are just, servin long sentences, no comma Write poetry in your honor, your body is like a sonnet I promise you gettin closer to the sun, you're gettin hotter You the Earth, that's emphatically yes But I still call you a bad bitch, under my breath, out of respect Naturally blessed, Lady Chatterly fresh with tatted flesh I ain't gotta ask, know by your stare, that's a yes [Talib over Chorus] No, no, uh Uh, yes, yes One more again, yeah Not, one, second Listen, you hearin? Right here Hahaha, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Bajah, Rubix Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: High Life Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Bajah] + (Rubix) Yeahhhh (this the high life) I said we're livin the high liiiiife (Call it my life, hey) Yeahhhh (woo!) [Rubix] This the byproduct of beautiful love Fit like a glove, what's good, my people thought that we could get it, you know we should, holdin like it's a grudge Submerged, man I just surf [Talib Kweli] I'm writin a universe But the stars don't fit in my bars, I'm too mega This the fruit of my labor, my plate is full of color Arugula, rutabaga, share the food with my neighbor Truly innovative like Fela Kuti and Ginger Baker [Rubix] Yeah; moon raker, sun scraper, give you fire for the papers Take you higher on the vapors, sire of the flavor Designer of the caper, executive executor Direct when I'm on path flight of a Navigator Plight of a savior [Talib Kweli] Now what would Jesus do? How you believe in Him? You don't believe in you of the idea that you doubtin I'm unbeatable Vizzini in "The Princess Bride" - inconceivable! These MC's is eatable - wait, edible I'm fishin with dynamite, now I got a freezer full of rappers, bastard I'm ten steps ahead of you Incredible, give credit where credit due [Rubix] Put passion into action Mashin on the gas where them others they be maxin Accelerate, generate, power with my pen and pape Stimulate, you simulate, you do what I incinerate [Talib Kweli] We do it for the dinner plates, musical we innovate, you imitate Your theory full of holes and so it ventilate Damnit man for goodness sakes, they love when we get on stage Even if they don't, one quote and the hate disintegrate [Rubix] They feel us like shade, you know we feelin great Not a script that is writ, this is our original spit An unconventional gift, Kwe' we interpolate Them others be herbin it, the praise we deservin it [Talib Kweli] Word, I love songs (uh-huh) writin to right wrongs (c'mon) Continue to fight on (yeah) I'm puttin the gloves on (c'mon) I love horns, I'm lovin this damn track I'm lovin the hand clap (let's go) clap, clap ... Lovin it when you listen Love'll fix it said Ashford and Simpson (that's right) We livin for the drums in the slums, some of the best parts The tourists never come, they run when it gets dark [Rubix] Yeah, so on my outer space, they funny like them bridal maids Bookin like we playin Spades, yeah we always make the grade FSC to get a faith, Valencia to the Haight Sucker-free, I'm in my space, say I'm hella steezy, yea Believe I get it so in, streakin like it's Martin Sunny and Delores bike park and Fly chicks sparkin - then we up the road to the Phoenix on some steady bar hoppin It's high life everywhere, Tony Allen rhythm is Pattern that we livin in, Kweli on his busi-ness Everywhere we deep in this, shorties gon' be speakin it "Oh, they so uniquely spit!" [Talib Kweli] Yeah, the great debater, the savior, the caped crusader The alpha, the omega, your favorite communicator News junkie, I'm debunkin the myth of the job creators That part of the conversation, the start of indoctrination The flow is a thing of beauty, I'm bringin it, that's my duty You drinkin it like a smoothie, they spinnin it like a Sufi Rappers I dissect 'em, collectin 'em like a souve- -nir, they actin up, I'm directin 'em like a movie Skip the drama, this is action adventure They so freakin soft it should be against the law Illegal tender - aiyyo Ru', I really need to mention ... This is the high life [Bajah] So we're living in the high life, high life High life, high life Cause we be living the high life, high life High life, high life Yes I'm living the high life, high life High life, high life Cause I'm living in the high life, high life... {*40 seconds of instrumental*} [Rubix] This the high life [Talib] Yea, yea! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Melanie Fiona Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Ready Set Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] DJ, this beat is fresh {"Ready set go!"} [Talib Kweli] You a prisoner, yeah I switch lanes, it's still blurry then switch frames Clownin these lames, you're Bill Murray in "Quick Change" Control your mission, keep up with my pole position Braggin about the ride that you're whippin, your soul is missin Race it to your death or the holiest celebration God bless our lady of holy acceleration Cause we speedin when we drive on this highway of information The devil try to deny us the highest of elevation They keep us at sea/C level so I'm stayin on my A game They local like the C when I express like the A train My A-alikes take what I write, use it to maintain We B/be alike and C/see alike cause we got the same brain We in the same chains, workin the same fields Now we independent, you can keep your fuckin lame deal Total package, the flow is mastered, I'm blowin past the  procrastinators so fast it's like they goin backwards [Chorus: Melanie Fiona] {*w/ Talib ad libs*} Life's so short we can't afford to lose, when the guns go off And the flag drops, I-I-I'll never stop I'ma race to the, finish line On the road, to gettin the gold Ready set go, go, go! Ready set go, go, go Ready set go, go, go! Ready set go, go, go [Talib Kweli] Aiyyo they hate when I give it so straight, they need chasers Half these little boys comin faster than Speed Racer Pullin capers with my team, best believe I receive paper with +Extraordinary Gentlemen+, trust me the +League+ major On the highway of life I'm faster than cop cars Quicker than the tongues of the rappers that got bars Never rattle cause we been through the battles, we got scars What~! Mr. International, half of the Black Star It's the sound that you missin, I'm here when ya ears listen Play it loud in your whip when you dip and your gears shiftin I'm +gifted+, like "The Island of the Misfit Toys" - ladies apply it like a lipstick Poised, to take over when the shit drop Boys wanna holler at +Birds+ like Alfred Hitchcock Men wanna talk to the women, we ain't screamin Just whisper in her ear and we leavin, yeah [Chorus] w/ different ad libs [Melanie Fiona] Ohh, when it's down to the wire Ohh, I got a will made of fire And you can't stop it No, you can't stop it (no, you can't stop it) Because I'm destined to win Ohh, like a born champion And there ain't no stoppin (ain't no stoppin) Now's the time, get ready, set, goooo [Talib Kweli] Yeah, on your mark, get set, when I start the jet look how far I get - I'm not only an artist, they say one is the loneliest number but still regardless Second best don't exist, it's a little oxymoronic Uh, what if I, listen to haters and never bothered Hittin high water marks cause the market flooded with garbage Uh, you are now embraced by the light, we fiber-optic Shinin bright love, you get a tan, Hawaiian Tropic Yup, "Prisoner of Conscious"? Nonsense Opposite of conscious is asleep, I prefer to call it awake Uh, it's so ironic, it's beautiful when you finally get a wake It's your funeral, you don't get it, I'll wait Uh, rappers nowadays are confusin you I know you tired of the usual like Trey Songz and Drake Uh, that's why I'm keepin the faith, keepin the pace Although it's all about the winnin it's never about the race [Chorus] w/ all new ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Hold It Now Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] As we continue on From the top, yea Off top, uh Blacksmith, P.O.C., yea Pussycats, kittens, Black Panthers Cougars and tiger moms From the top, uh Yea, yea, hold it now! [Talib Kweli] I got a buzz like I'm Georgia Tech They still cheerin like I'm all that's left The air is toxic when you draw your breath Resurrect the music, I'm snatchin it from the claws of death The vital signs are improvin, I make 'em lay down An idle mind is usually described as the devil's playground My rep established, I'm rappin just for the sport of it Been nice for a career, you just barely graspin the thought of it (Hold it now!) Indebted to the hood like a RushCard Supported by push-up bras and lumbar Except I'm never sittin, I'm ever-livin like Mumm-Ra, I'm the sun God Smart as a whip but forever rippin it dumb hard I see you frontin with your dollar store shades on Faker than abs that's sprayed on, artificial as rayon My rhymin satisfyin your +Quest for Fire+ like Rae Dawn Chong, when I'm formin like Voltron, I'm young Raekwon Mix in a bit of KRS-One and Q-Tip Rakim, some of that Ice Cube, now who's this? No one as gifted as this, so magnificent Classically consistent, I'm nasty as black licorice The coldest but I get the room hotter than Bikram Yoga Seen the show you know I make the people move like an eviction notice I'm focused, I'm like Moses when the mic is on That's why these rappers scatter like roaches when the light is on Hold it now! I, I, I hold it down I'm stayin where I'm at, you better go around You know the voice and you know the sound I rip the microphone and then I throw it down Hold it now; I, I, I hold it down I'm stayin where I'm at, you better go around You know the voice and you know the sound I RIP the microphone and then I THROW it down! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Curren$y, Kendrick Lamar Album: Prisoner of Consciousness Song: Push Thru Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com High rises, day breaks Clouds hide the sun's rays Quicksand and mistakes Smash walls to get through I fight the good fight even on the bad days It's darkest before light I'm gonna push through [Curren$y] Turbo-charged bars Slot cars on track, falling off Game stars in these rap wars Ain't nothing Band-Aids won't cover Touring with 7D coverage, live bands, two buses My own cash, no budget, no major label fundings Jets baby, we went from crawling to walking to running You can't say nothing, you under gag order Hopping out of Audis, hurting y'all with kicks, I'm the Transporter Think about it, never mind, you ain't gotta I'm already on some whole other, word to your motherfucking self Nobody else gon' do it for ya, nobody else Every now and then, somebody will off you help But they ain't doing nothing till they really see you tryna do something I ain't bluffing, kush puffing on you jive turkeys Stuffing stockings with these gifts Audible applaudables, homie take a whiff, yeah [Talib Kweli] Yeah, when you a man, action is what's expected, nothing is spoken on Producer, never got time for no excuses, you gotta go beyond My flow is tom-foolery I smoke these pork rappers so fast they call me charcuterie I beautifully exude the vibe that's free of ambiguity Your goonery for the sake of goonery is cartoons to me It's coonery, it's lunacy Let's make a plan, only way that you hang is attached to a tree The moon talk to the sea and speak with body language fluently She make it rain, when I'm on fire she always try to douse me Only reason that you make it rain is cause your diamonds cloudy I see you from a mile away when it get overcast Old people feel it in they bones, invade your home like I broke the glass and let myself in, fighting for freedom like the people in Tunisia and spread through Sudan and Egypt This the music for the movement, the score to your achievements Never join 'em so you gotta beat 'em, it's carpe diem, hey, (hey), yeah [Kendrick Lamar] Uh huh, yeah, like kindergarteners, my vision's bothered by vigilantes that harbor on street corners Try your hardest to harvest bundles of weed on ya, the starving'll speed on ya Stampede on ya, impede on your pockets, then pee on ya Dreams of us living lavish in fabrics of fine linens Spending established with women dining and laughing But this environment got us violent, ready to crash in to society, take this driver seat, hope you fastened your seat belts twice, when I rolled them dice I crapped so many times I can build casinos from scratch Too many daps you might receive from the things you achieve, relax That's what my mental say, but my physical's been detached I'm on some other shit, like fuck the government, I'm higher rankings Where's the mothership? I made a covenant that I was changing But my luck has been quite disgusting when reality tainted Where the fuck you been? Left him face down like he was planking In a cold world where old girl and her homeboy got a motive You can bench curl your tribulations, that sensation's insulting Got a wifey or a mistress? Nigga, which one you indulging? Regardless of who you pick, know life's a bitch when you ain't focussed Nigga, I'm focussed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Hamster Wheel Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] I see ya, yeah, I see ya See, I'm lookin right at you With eye contact, you, see me And I'ma, be me Uh, first I'm sayin hi Then I'm wavin bye-bye We gettin, we gettin Girl you so fly, you so fly [Talib Kweli] Yo these swallows is horny as Charlie Parker be Cuttin 'em cause I'm studyin these birds like ornithology Follow 'em when they tweetin, holler instead of speakin Give it a name she play them +Wicked Games+ every +Weeknd+ Broke up with a dude for almost endin her life Came over for the closure, ended up spendin the night Got cozy in his apartment, wine bottles started poppin Put scratches up on his back, then questionin where he got 'em Forgot it was her, she Freddy, her fingers was like machetes The fuckin was so steady she shredded him like confetti Confronted him 'bout, every single chick, he's like "Enough already I need to be with someone else, this stuff is so petty" She was reactin to things he did in the past This nigga was no saint, he couldn't say no to ass Her behavior's so rash, she gave up all her power He put her out on the street, nowhere to live, nowhere to shower How's she gonna make it through the night? How's she so acceptin of her station in life? [Chorus: Talib Kweli] She always carryin her baby with her A spittin image, it's like lookin at her baby pictures Her fate is sealed cause she dependin on a man for real How she runnin these streets but always standin still? She need to get up off the hamster wheel She need to get up off the hamster wheel How she runnin these streets but still standin still? She need to get up off the hamster wheel She need to get up off the hamster wheel [Talib Kweli] Yeah, battery in her back, poppin up with the copper top Popular with the acid, the hot and tot Niggaz whoopin and hollerin at Andromeda when she passin the barbershop Only job that's an option McDonald's or telemarketer Hard for her makin ends come together, this ain't The Beatles She need her some anesthesia like she goin under needles She doin so much cuttin it's a wonder she ain't bleedin The money was so seductive no wonder she ain't leavin First time she felt like a woman, was when a dude screamed "Nice ass" out the car window drivin past Nobody showed her how to live so all she do is dream They call her Rocky cause her makeup is like a mask Find scars permanently lodged on her frontal lobe Behind bars for credit card schemes she pulled a month ago First she gettin high... Now we wavin bye-bye... She's waitin at her station just the same as she's waitin at a station late at night for a train that never, came The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Deonis "Pumah" Cook Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Delicate Flowers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] + (Deonis Cook) Yeah, sometimes it's hard bein a man I try to explain that to my lady all the time But yo (Girls have, feelings, ooooooooooooooooooh) [Talib Kweli] My girl is a delicate flower A super hero, bein a single mom helped develop her powers We stay up to the elegant hour talkin, inhalin the sour Reachin out to God cause the Devil a coward But he still sit on my shoulder and whispers It feels like my shoulder get colder the more that I listen And now it seem like she ready to leave We steady be beefin the main reason my desires of spreadin my seed I try to tell her I'm just a man She said "No you wrong cause you way more than that, you need to cut the scam You not foolin me, that's lunacy Them excuses might be new to them birds but they ain't new to me" Yo I hate when the fit is thrown It's like every time I pick up the phone you bitch and moan Whoa, I'm like "Why you stressin for?" I'm pressin Ignore, make me wanna never get involved [Chorus: Talib Kweli] + (Deonis Cook) I need to reap these benefits Ooh, you so sensitive~! I say serve this royalty She say "I deserve your loyalty" (Girls have, feelings, ooooooooooooooooooh) [Talib Kweli] Men lie out of fear but we front like we not afraid Whether arguin or not, the bills gotta get paid We are not in 6th grade, we fightin and people watchin On Twitter she emo bloggin, I'm boilin her hemoglobin It lead to sobbin, the arguments never move me Cause we actin out the stereotypes like Tyler Perry movies My indiscretions is reekin of deep betrayal Libidos are like horses, it's hard to keep 'em stable She believe me the way Michael believe in Fredo But I need her, she the food for my soul, my sweet potato Before I let her go I know she'll be forever gone I can't leave when the weather wrong, I weather storms She like Katrina, got me lookin for FEMA Covetin my neighbor's lawn, the grass is lookin greener But in reality it never is Oh sure there's others but I'll never find a better.. [Outro: Deonis "Pumah" Cook] Girls (girls) have (have) feelings (girls have feelings) Girls have, feelings (ohhhh, girls) Girls have, feelings (they surely surely do) Oooooooooooooooooooh... {"Girls have feelings, girls have feelings"} {"Girls have feelings, ohhhhh"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Busta Rhymes, RZA Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Rocket Ships Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: RZA] Talib Kweli RZA-RZA-Rector Yo, son, fuck these MC's up real quick Show 'em what time it is, bong~! [Talib Kweli] Yeah, this shit is drugs This shit is drugs RZA razor, RZA razor sharp Hey, movin at the speed of a solution Bleedin in the street as we breathe in the pollution They're sayin that we need a revolution but the passion is reduced to all caps in a computer Hey, every sixteen I make a sick scene Blood splattered all on your shirt like a Miskeen Y'all niggaz trippin like mescaline/mes-c-lun, mixed greens My flow cleaner than the Sistine, pristine! Yea, he goin green like Al Gore with him I make algorithms, that got Malcolm in 'em God's favorite, I'm sick as a doctor's patients We live in a +Cole World+, my job is to +Roc Nations+ My occupation elation, the celebration of rebels Raise the levels of the decibels to flagrant (turn it UP) It's so amazin how we be blazin son, our flowers is the loudest They crowd around us to cower in the shadows of the towers BOY! [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Take a tour where they bake the raw Where the beast so savage that his knuckles gon' scrape the floor I make the call, all the rocket ships takin off John Woo gun music playin when we facin off [Busta Rhymes] Yo, I plastered the nation, cause an evacuation My manifestation got 'em patient from how I keeps it amazin See I'm the reason niggaz need some trainin while I'm inflictin the pain and makin it suitable for any occasion I'm very engagin soon as I'm awakened Quickly back you up and bag your bitch, she remindin me of Sanaa Lathan Rely on the hatin while I'm smilin and waitin That's when I embrace 'em if he try to front you'll be highly mistaken The mightest makin up a classic, alrighty now face it My psyche is ancient and I'm irie so try me I'm patient Sorry I'm lyin, face it, I'm back for the takin I'm urgently givin niggaz the courtesy of smashin they face in "Damn~! Can you cut his mic off?!" See how we got 'em buggin Cause they can't believe what we have in the makin (woo!) Shit's so historic how we goin for it while I bang the nation And we do niggaz greasier than a slab of bacon [Break: Busta] + (woman) {*woman humming while bacon sizzles*} Bitch, you still cookin that pork in this house?! (Damn, what the fuck?) Stop cookin that pork in this damn house! (It's just bacon, okay) The hell goin on in here? (Okay, stop!) [Talib Kweli] These rap niggaz is bitches, nothin but suckas to me Sacrifice myself for the music and let 'em suffer through me Your weak product is nothin to me I only feel +FX+ when I fuck with Louie Yup I get +Buck+ in the studio like I'm Evil Dee Pullin strings like "The Muppet Movie" Shinin my light like Mos callin his mother Umi Who the hottest regardless of who flamin You ain't talkin 'bout the best until you mention my name, yup (Kweli) Who you kiddin? The truest spittin I'll break you like a mirror so it's clearer that we don't believe in superstition These new editions need supervision Thinkin that they can spit it in the booth like me? What are you stupid? Listen I been official, it's beneficial, I'm too consistent I make it plain cause I'm too efficient for euphemisms Stayin in the cut like a new incision I'll put you on your ass like True Religion so give it up for the true and livin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Abby Dobson, Nelly Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Before He Walked Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] + (Abby) (And he could rhyme before he walked) Brand new day, aiyyo (born) If you passionate about what you do like I'm passionate about this music (On the after beat) This song is for YOU (He patted his foot before he walked) It's like I can't breathe When I wake up in the morning I can't breathe, until I listen (When Buddy Bolden tuned up you could hear him clean across the RIVER) I feed my family, I affect the world And y'all along for the ride (And he could rhyme before he walked) Let's go! [Chorus: Abby Dobson] Like medicine in times of war Helps me get over The sweetest sounds I ever heard My joy, my heart, my music Like medicine in times of war Helps me get over The sweetest sounds I ever heard My joy, my life, my music He could rhyme before he walked [Nelly] I'm from a small city, but I had big dreams Had some good ideas, but I had better schemes I thought the hustle way for me was etched in stone until my partner died and his name etched in stone My daughter's growin up, my son on the way They closin in on me, it feel like any day Music saved me, swooped in like the Navy Put a lifetime of scars on these sixteen bars So, I took the vow and made music my life Yep I proposed and made music my wife And if I ever need to cut a nigga music's my knife And if I need to bring the girls together music's my dyke So, yep I degraded and I hate it, even cried through it I watch brothers prophesize about dyin through it Music gave me knowledge of self And now my knowledge of self done gave me knowledge of wealth And I'm gone [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, heh, music a part of me I'm a bully, beatin up the track with brutal honesty The truth inside of me, rappers hit the booth and they lie to me I'm usin the inspiration Guru provided me I'm redefinin the space, you could call me the new geometry A picture of you pop up, when I Google "monotony" Now all the people who frugal and spend responsibly think your album is trash and it's not the voodoo economy So you expectin the conscious and introspective views Eat your lyrical vegetables, let me tell you what's best for you My music give you a message true and respect is due But music is emotion that's lost on the intellectuals A tree that fall in the forest is never heard amongst the sparrows and the robins and even the ghetto birds You download it for free, but what I create is sacred It cost you nothin but I pay to make it Trust [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Talib Kweli] I was born on the after beat - I'm like Robert Johnson when he reached the +Crossroads+, me and the devil have to meet I saw the same thing as 'Clef and Lauryn when they saw it Lauryn went lookin for God and 'Clef kept tourin We listen to the same songs but we hear 'em different Serenadin death like we got a fear of livin Havin a sance on stage cause the spirit risen Stoppin devilish ways with clever displays of lyricism These songs are our natural resources Our actual street stories attract the police forces Slaves to the rhythm, the masters they eat off us [Abby Dobson] And he could rhyme before he walked The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Upper Echelon Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] Okay, Talib Kweli, P.O.C. What is this? [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Check it out baby, check it out y'all {*4X*} Uh (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) Welcome to the "Prisoner of Conscious" [Talib Kweli] Brainiac dum-dum bust the scientifical You feel it all, up in your soul, we gettin spiritual You heard I'm comin back, you so scary it put the fear in you I murder every track cause the rhyme is the light you stare into R-r-real shit back, it's a miracle Rap been laughable over the last year or two Reflectin like a mirror do, who is the real livin proof? I'm back, with that classical shit, I pack lyrical Substance like bowls of kush, into a vaporizer And I vaporize ya, my paper may surprise ya No need to brag on my paper cause I'm a nature riser I vibrate higher, the truth break liars I-I-I-I-I toast to us and those like us The lovers, the fighters, the writers, the exciters Cut the grass, we can see the vipers We cut the glass cause we the diamonds [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Check it out y'all Check it out baby, check it out y'all {*3X*} Uh (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) Welcome to the [Talib Kweli] See I be listenin to real shit, real spit, my diehards feel it Type of shit the fake niggaz find hard to deal with I'm on a higher plane, I'm destroyin it while I'm buildin My threat can't be contained so my name on Obama kill list ... Kweli the artist that you wanna be Movin through the darkness, the light is what's in front of me Front of me you posers exposin your insecurities Supposedly your swagger replaces lack of maturity The purity you need to get in the game is gone Ain't no conspiracy, stop lookin for someone to blame it on Gotta pay your debt, took your stale style and I made it fresh Wait a sec, got your girl, wetter than tomato flesh Waitin on me with baited breath [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Check it out y'all Check it out baby, check it out y'all {*3X*} Uh (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) Welcome to the [Talib Kweli] Walkin through double fisted, I'm lifted off somethin vicious Everything that's movin I'm gettin me a percentage Vintage, nothin but the sky is my incentive My girl is ride or die, I'm avoidin the evil temptress Uhh, ain't no question who the best is You don't like it stay the fuck out of my mentions Pimpin, down to the socks, it's all business The all-night workout like 24-hour fitness ... Huh, y'all niggaz is adorable Incorrigible, the praise that you get is barely audible People is ignorin you - why? The last place in the world that you belong is a recordin booth Order soup, niggaz is gassed up, petrolium I laugh when these niggaz get swept up, custodians of culture, +Back to the Future+ rap, DeLorean I class up the joint, the spit is valedictorian [Chorus: Talib Kweli] (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) What is this? (This the upper echelon shit) Welcome to the "Prisoner of Conscious" (This the upper echelon shit) (This the upper echelon shit) (This the upper echelon shit) W-w-welcome to the "Prisoner of Conscious" (This the upper echelon shit) (This the upper echelon shit) (This the upper echelon shit) W-w-welcome to the "Prisoner of Conscious" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Seu Jorge Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Favela Love Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {w/ help from liner notes} [Intro: Talib] Uh uh, yea yea uh uh Turn the music up, uh uh Yea yea, yea yea, yea yea Okay okay, we almost there Let's go let's go, uh uh Yea yea, yea yea, yeah, yeah, yeah [Seu Jorge]  tudo nosso Conex?o Brasil, Estados Unidos  pra chapar rap... Eu tenho o prazer de dizer que tou ahhh Aqui agora para cantar para voc, para balanar Se voce quiser, pode chegar, pode dancar Ohhhhhhhh [Talib Kweli] Last night I had a dream that was so real I woke up in a cold sweat, it felt so ill I stared into the face of an angel tainted by the city, you ain't from this place it'll change you Walkin by, I thought I was sly Offered to try, at first I thought she was shy 'Til I saw this guy at the bar talkin to her reckless She ignored him, cast a glance in my direction, started dancin to my section ... Her body flyer than a jet pilot What a smile and the eyes like wet violets They flutter by like the wings of the butterfly Keep it tight, Eva Mendes in "The Other Guys" Got me in another zone - they call her Sunshine like "Put your mother on the phone, I ain't comin home" Put a deposit on a place in her heart All along she a place from the start My favela love, man I fell in love, man I fell in love Man I fell in love, man I fell in love Man I, man I fell in love Man I, man I, uh [Chorus: Seu Jorge] Ehhhh, a gente e' desse jeito mesmo e' diferente Ehhhh, e' brasileiro e' swingueiro,  coracoa Ehhhh, a gente e' que bota fe' na vida pode cre 'tamo ai' para viver para encarar (Ehhh) A vida pro que der e vier E' nois que ta' na fita agora pode cre Brasil crescendo a gente ta' a para aparecer Se voce quiser colar com a gente, n?o tem nada n?o A gente vai correndo junto nessa mesma uni?o Brasil o povo de mistura raca pe' no ch?o Objectividade na vontade de crescer [Talib Kweli] A feeling of panic engulfin the whole planet Yet my words are slow dancin, my language is romantic Vocabulary that's bustin your capillaries My freedom'll taste sweeter than juices of blacker berries My adversaries speak ill of my name, I'm so sick Attack is very guerilla, my game is so pimp Everything fall into place, it's gravitational Profit stay in the black, the shade is so un-fadeable Healthy relationship make your other ones better I'm Lee Scratch Perry, they call me the upsetter For the cheddar get the bread up Mr. International call it the bruschetta, the spiritual newsletter I wish you knew the arc of the story and knew your part You're lookin into my heart or just lookin to be a part From a boss in my prime, look how we crossin the finish line How you tired, I stay wired like I was offered a line [Talib Kweli] Uh, uh I don't wanna bang it or beat it, hit it or stab it You're listenin to voodoo, I call it the black magic You jammin up the traffic, you bubble, it don't stop It might blow up but it won't go pop "Pow!" That's the sound like onomatopoeia Got me floatin when you +Rockin My Boat+ like you Aaliyah Got them African features like people out in Bahia Mix tobacco with the reefer like you was a European When I leave I'm gonna miss you, +Official+ like Kardinal Trust I'll come back and I'll visit for carni-val When I come back around, take me out on the town And you can show me how you put it down My favela love, man I fell in love, man I fell in love Man I fell in love, man I fell in love Man I, man I fell in love Man I, yea, yea yea... [Chorus] - latter half The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Marsha Ambrosius Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: It Only Gets Better Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] Hands in the air, hands in the air Gon' feel this one, yeah, uh Hands in the air, hands in the air Everybody, hey, hey, hey, yeah [Interlude: Marsha Ambrosius] Lord knows I had it hard today (Had it hard today) Still I gotta keep my head up high Along the way (along the way) [Chorus: Marsha Ambrosius] Cause it only gets better, better It only gets better from here It only gets better, better It only gets better from here [Talib Kweli] Every day I gotta wake up early, let us pray, thank the Lord, meditate Get the troops, hit the booth, spit it true, spit it great Practice at my gratitude, life is so, beautiful Workin on the attitude adjustment cause it [Talib Kweli] Every day I gotta - tr-trust in God and hustle hard My grind is real, my hustle go I'm findin meals, I'm signin deals I'm a +Gladiator+, I'm like Russell Crowe Yo I know it's real but I'm focused still while your focus shaky like "Cloverfield" Cause you not in tune, no you not immune No echinacea, no goldenseal So you sick inside, gotta flush it out When you talk to folks cover your mouth But ain't nobody gonna cover that shift so you go to work and you tough it out And you bust it out 'til you off of work I know your boss a jerk, you wan' cuss him out Hit him with the bus driver uppercut That clock the only thing you punchin out I relate to you, you gotta pay your dues When the time is right you gotta make a move Your job is what you get paid to do Your calling's what you made to do I got faith in you, you gon' make it through Cause you don't chase money, money chasin you Keep laborin like you got a baby due You gon' taste those fruits like Naked Juice Whoa, the world won't wait for you You gotta take it now, you gotta make a vow As long as you on planet Earth put family first, gotta make 'em proud Hey - let me break it down Aww bless your heart Steady talkin 'bout how stressed you are Should be talkin about how blessed you are, yup~! [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Marsha Ambrosius] Every day I gotta get up early, wake the kids, damn I'm runnin late again Go to work, punchin in, e'ry day I'm hustlin Fight the traffic, lose my cool, pick the kids up after school Life is hard, yeah that's true but this is what I have to do [Talib Kweli] Every day I gotta - walk with God, be still then listen Try to talk to God with this real I'm spittin Callin Christ by name and he still ain't risen Sent him a link but he still ain't listen Got ice in our veins, we remain so frigid Still and it kill brain cells when you hit it Or them pills when you pop that, pop that, pop that Don't stop, get it, get it Started we the fighters, we survivors but we ain't livin My soul is +Blacker+ than the +Friday+ after Thanksgiving People of color 25% more likely than Whites to face prison But just because the President is Black there's no more racism? Post-racial? More like most racial, the hate for you disgraceful Don't let it take you off your base, let it motivate you Don't let it overtake you, so what another cloud? Survive the storm by ridin on the beasts of the Southern wild, wow [Interlude] + [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Talib] Every day I gotta (every day I gotta) Memories live man, and my memories stay alive, yeah Shoutout Assata Shakur, Nehanda Abiodun, yeah Rest in peace Troy Davis Rest in peace Geronimo Pratt, yeah One love to Nasrin Sotoudeh One love to Leonard Peltier, c'mon "Prisoner of Conscious" man Whenever life bring me down, I think about those freedom fighters Those who put they life on the line Those who get jailed for they thoughts Like Tural Abbasli, put in jail for organizin a protest, on Facebook Like Mumia Abu-Jamal, what up Mumia~! "Prisoner of Conscious" man Free Pussy Riot! [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Talib] Every day I gotta [Marsha] Yeah, yeah, yeah {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Ryan Leslie  Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Outstanding Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] (Ryan Leslie) Hey you! Yeah you! (Yeah!) Hey you! Yeah you! (Yeah!) (OHHHHHHH OH OH AHHHH!!!) Hey you! Yeah you! The night is young! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! The night is young Say it with me say it with me yeah the night is young!  (La La La La La La!) Uh! Uh! Uh! The night is young! (Yeah!) 'Cause you the winner you the winner! [Chorus: Ryan Leslie] Girl your outstanding  From your hips to your thighs accept it that's how you standing out HEYYYYYYY YEEEAAAHHHHHHHHH!!! Girl your outstanding  So let's not waste no time let's get it girl 'cause tonight is ours Oh Oh! YEAHHHHHHHHH!!!! [Verse One: Talib Kweli] Uh! While you walkin everybody watchin you closely Hittin them high notes nothin about you low key Just let it register body is unreal was animated like Jessica Rabbit  A cartoon wanna stab like a harpoon These dude is tryin to grind and dance with your body like an oasis The thirst is so real you can see it all in they faces Especially when you drop it low, baby you gotta know Girl you be killin 'em fillin them with all kind of hopes Dude on the block that be selling dope by the shoes and the watch you can tell he broke Tell him stop with the lies he tellin folks, you can't see with a telescope Celebratin holdin glasses up like Sarah Palin knows Love it in the club when the fellas scope but you hate that your hair gotta smell like smoke They ask you what it's hitting fo' ? niggas try to fix the prices  Never dealt with chicks befo', you aint got your liquor license  Still you down to live your life if dude is down to split and slice your pie You like to master act all fly 'til he hit it right Hey you girl with the tight upskirt In the back of the club where they light up purp Known to drop it like a stripper with her night off work They make it rain and you stuff them dollars right in your, purse [Chorus: Ryan Leslie] Girl your outstanding  From your hips to your thighs accept it that's how you standing out HEYYYYYYY YEEEAAAHHHHHHHHH!!! Girl your outstanding  So let's not waste no time let's get it girl 'cause tonight is ours Oh Oh! YEAHHHHHHHHH!!!! [Verse Two: Ryan Leslie] You just lookin for somebody who can fill in the spot Fill in the blank yeah shorty you been sippin alot Fillin the drink as the seeks to your head you erase your regrets Throw another shot back as you race to forget Yeah the night just started we both parted from ex loves Sleep wont make you forget him baby but sex does Swear you aint lookin for no one night stand But you prepare to risk it all for that one right man That's me, lets have a toast to your future I know you want to Leave your ex in the past dont let him haunt you The last argument was world war 3  But follow me I introduce you to that Birge Wazi Talk is cheap, welcome to the R. Les show You be my Brigitte Bardo Ill be your Serge Gainsbourg  Give what you came for let me get that car do' Have you ever made love in the lambo gallardo? (GO! GO! GO!) Have you ever made love in the lambo gallardo? (GO! GO! GO! GO! GO!) [Chorus: Ryan Leslie] Girl your outstanding  From your hips to your thighs accept it that's how you standing out HEYYYYYYY YEEEAAAHHHHHHHHH!!! Girl your outstanding  So let's not waste no time let's get it girl 'cause tonight is ours Oh Oh! YEAHHHHHHHHH!!!! [Outro: Ryan Leslie] Girl your outstanding.....................YEAHHHH!! 'Cause you 'gon love me when we lay, down, baby See you 'gon love me when we, lay down (I promise you 'gon love me baby) Say you 'gon love me when we lay, down, baby See you 'gon love me when we, lay down Yeah! Girl your outstanding Yeah! So let's not waste no time let's get it girl 'cause tonight is ours YEAH! Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli, Free Murda, Suga Bang Bang, Terra Tory Album: Afro Samurai O.S.T. Song: Certified Samurai Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Terra Tory (Talib Kweli) {Suga Bang Bang}] Hahahahahaha, we gon' do what we do right here, baby You already know what it is, Division, back in the building Brooklyn, you see 'em? Haha (yeah, come on) {soldier hold ya sword high} {Swing it like a Samurai} Who are we? [Talib Kweli] We the breadwinners, baby, make it peel, sippin' blunts Smokin' guns, taught M.C.'s how these niggas living Earn, burning word for ya, curb serving Got you hooked by the first purchase, birds chirping Cops listening, with the gun sitting on they lap Cuz of that, the t-shirt's on the block, like 'stop snitching' Living by the code of the samurai Dreams put on hold like operators standing by What you craft with your heart or your weapon It's a question, what you craft with, a glock or a message in a rhyme I teach you little savage part of a lesson and choice Between being a gangsta and an artist, is the start of your ending You can front like you a gangsta artist, but that ain't the smartest Decision, niggas'll test you Say you ain't the hardest, regardless, what you spare homey RZA told me that the game is flipping, nobody bent for me [Interlude: Terra Tory] Haha, you already know what it is Murda is back in the building Division, back in the building [Free Murda] Free Murda dick longer than the O.J. trial Have your bitch backstage with the Colgate smile I'm on the back glocks where the coke ring loud Bullets got flat tops like they stole Kane's style Warm 'em kid, you wanna flow, drain now Get your whole brain out, where your hoes hang out It's killing me, everybody got cocaine nail Stealing Free is like trying take a old stain out Your boy's on fire, my boat stays out It's gon' take more than a wire, to close they mouth Got a slice of that bread, bags that you stole You had a price on your head, now that tag's on your toe And you know that nigga dead when the casket is closed Off with his dreads, keep the mag' in my clothes I'm trying, real good, the semi' got loud up You can die in your hood, like Kenny from South Park [Chorus 2X: Free Murda] How many licks does it take For me to hit the tootsie roll center of a break? Yeah, how many hits must you make Before a man'll get his mule and his forty ac's [Suga Bang Bang] Soldier hold your sword high... Swing it like a Samurai... Now don't get all out of pride... From the Afro Samurai... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Clinton Sparks & Eminem Present: Anger Management 3 Song: Manage Your Anger Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Talib talking] Yeah, this is some shit you can set shit off to (Get familiar) Get familiar with that. {gun shots} Talib Kweli, Clinton Sparks. It's Anger Management y'all You see, the tour ain't comin' to Brooklyn So it's my job to bring Brooklyn to the tour. Yeah [Verse One] We're gon' show you how to manage your anger Before you do damage to a neighbor or a stranger with the banger banger Mayday mayday, danger danger A lot of these rappers in the closet like wire hangers It's '05, summertime, gettin' scarier and scarier Drug dealer's business still control America The block to the boardroom, a tomb to the courtroom We find dope, we smoke, we shoot and snort too Fiends, come for more coke like free refills Around the way, they move enough white to make ski hills Whiter than the cast of One Tree Hill, we ill We got angels in Heaven all jealous of our free will Look at 'em, they ain't got no respect for what He created They live life, get to go to paradise and don't appreciate it But they don't know this life is Hell on Earth For what it's worth, it ain't about the ideas but who ? (Clinton Sparks) Some will rap between a rock and a hard place Torn between spirituality and the lifestyles to partake in Trust, my adrenaline rush like a car chase Flames bust out the neck when I'm speedin' up my heart rate Tryin' to find a dark place for me to pull my songs out of Inspiration based on things I ain't proud of I could rap about faith and repentance But then it's me shoutin' out, "Message" like I'm Keenen in Don't Be A Menace "Ain't don't nobody wanna heart that shit." So said the pussy nigga at the label who be scared to go near that shit But it's cool I don't depend on them to make me a star And they scared cause what I spit will expose a fake nigga's heart Now here's a bar {crashing noise} Let me tell you what's gangsta When you doin' God's work cause it needs to be done, not for the thank yous Let me tell you what's thugged out When you show niggas how to get paid without goin' the drug route Let me tell you what's hard Breakin' the cycle that got our sons and brothers fillin' up the prison yards Let me tell you what's real When niggas say what they feel and that'll eliminate most of these niggas with the record deals I hurt your feelings, it took longer than you expect to heal The beef is fake, imagine how soldiers in the desert feel I'm like a veteran with special skill Comin' from the home of the original gunn clapperz like Tek & Steele Cut shit out, ? feel Spit so hot that the flesh will peel [Outro] [Talib talking] Haha. Clinton Sparks. Anger Management. Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Big K.R.I.T., MeLa Machinko, Outasight Album: Beautiful (S) * Song: Beautiful Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * released in support of the American Cancer Society [Intro] "I was diagnosed with leukemia, May 2006, right before my 15th birthday  It made me stronger, and made me who I am today" "In May of 2010, at age 22, I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma" "At 42, I was diagnosed with breast cancer in March of 2010" "I am a musician, this is the first time I've been in a studio without my horn  Last year I was diagnosed with colon cancer, but, it's in remission  Next year, my 75th birthday, I want to be here with my horn" [Big K.R.I.T.] No matter what the obstacle is, we fight through it If surviving's only half the battle, we won't lose it So have faith that better days are on the way I lend my hand to you, whenever you need me I'll stay I understand sometimes the world is type cloudy But like a plane with so much to gain, we fly out it Determination, dedication till the end I'm there every step of the way until we win cause I believe in prayer in God Almighty Get them burdens off your shoulders, send them to the highest Yeah, we can beat it, overcome the lows Being positive is key, you believe and it shows I spread awareness, be mindful of your health Be here for one another so you never by yourself One step at a time, one time for the cause I rep it for the world, I rap it for us all [Chorus: MeLa Machinko] + (Outasight) Don't run away from who you are Life's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful (life is beautiful) Pick yourself back on up Life's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful (life is beautiful) [Talib Kweli] This the highway of life, we stay 'driven' Then at some point, you arrive at a decision We flying high, we weather any condition We doing more than surviving because we living The music feel good, yes sir it'll satisfy you like a meal would, real good when it's going down It's the flavor that you savor when you wait It tastes great, compliments to the chef, he got taste Clean your plate, play the music in front of a glass of water Take a stale picture, see the crystals forming The horns make me feel victorious, the keys make me feel glorious The drums make me feel like a warrior The track feel 'BIG', Notorious Do it for the people feeling trapped in the corridor Nobody know what you're going through in a day But don't let yesterday ruin today, and they say [Outasight] Uh, yo, they say it's all for the money, but I don't wan' believe it I'm a man of my word, so whatever you been hearing is the truth Flatline, polygraph, that's me We could all use a 'break', spare of Apache Catch me crossing items off my bucket list cause life is good as you want it to get I paint a different portrait with any color I find The canvas is the world, and the brush is my mind I don't mind stepping out my comfort zone I think the greatest fear is the one of the unknown But if you afraid of living and you afraid of death Then I'm afraid you'll never take a step to the left or the right direction, tonight's confession I used to be scared of my own reflection and what would really happen if I fought that vision But the matter all along, if it's not good, it's gone [MeLa Machinko] Life is beautiful Don't run away from who you are, no [Outro] "The journey to recovery has been long and full of challenges and uncertainties  But today I'm healthy and stronger than ever  Life is beautiful" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli + Hi Tek f/ Vinia Mojica Album: The Blast 12" Song: The Blast (Video Version) * Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com * has an extra verse not on the album [Talib Kweli] (Vinia Mojica) Yeah, you pronounce my name (Kweli), any questions? I bring many blessings with my man Hi-Tek and he from the Natti (Natti) We make the sky crack, feel the fly track,  get your hands up like a hijack Fist in the air for (Kweli), keep 'em there like Natural mystic or smoke when they spliffs lit It's a revolutionary (party), they ask me what I'm writing for I'm writing to show you what we fightin for Say Taleeb or Talib (Kweli), if it's hard try spelling it phonetically If not then just let it be like Nina Simone you probably (ably) don't listen B Even when we suffer loses I account the victory Sometimes it's far and between I'm sad to say it got my brain crowded like sunset on a Saturday I know my son wept 'cause his dad's away Stop crying be strong is what I had to say to my little man named Amani (mani) Chorus: repeat 2X Start the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast from a double barrel shottie (shottie) It's got to be, your man Hi-Tek and Kweli Who make you rock your body (body) [Hi-Tek] I remember when it all started Back in the day when me and moms first parted Hi-Tek from the beginning I stayed advanced A young chameleon -- adapt to any circumstance Peep game nigga, never been a lazy nigga Stayed on my hustle, concentrate to get the paper bigger Stay focused while other cats stay hopeless While niggas stay high I stay lower, Stacking my chips to get a foreclosure, this shit ain't over Going for the gusto, keep getting that provo, It's Hi-Tek (and Kweli) on the track like Flow Jo, bet you ain't even know I had flow though Chorus  [repeat 3x] Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing {Overlapping} oh oh ohhhhhh, yeah yeahhhhhhh Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing [Talib Kweli] (Vinia Mojica) Say my name, say my name (Kweli), like Destiny's Child Shine bright like my girl's heavnly smile or a suit on Steve Harvey (Harvey) Or tighter than them jeans that be huggin black hips '70 style like Chaka Khan ain't nobody (body) Set the stage, blazed like my crew we burn it down like sages Smokin, clubs is where we party (party) Holla at my spit kickin niggas Pharoahe Monch, De La Soul, Common Sense, and my man Biz Markie (Markie) Chorus  [repeat 3x] Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing {Overlapping} oh oh ohhhhhh, yeah yeahhhhhhh Keep on dancing, ya gotta keep on dancing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli (Reflection Eternal) Album: The Blast 12" Song: Down for the Count (Solo Version) Typed by: HipHopHead619@hotmail.com [Talib talking] Yeah play that guitar... Kweli, Hi-Tek, Reflection Eternal We count it down like... 1,2,3,4 - Stand up like a man get up off all fours like 1,2,3,4 - You ain't sayin' nothing I ain't heard before, c'mon! 1,2,3,4 - Still fighting this war, I ain't finished my tour 1,2,3,4 - Rockin' it for all of ya'll, c'mon! I drop hard raps; building like cats with hard hats Split your back like bullet impact from large gats Stars chat with the bar-bats and get tipsy Get car jacked from cats who hungry, Get grizzly, get busy in they stomache where they hearts at These are hard facts, But I know the party's still with me when I start that..shit Make everybody put up their right and rock that shit When I see the mic, my thoughts travel at the speed of light I get this on lock cuz my song's in the key of life Like Stevie, blind as a fact, the rhyme on the track Designed to attack, the mind of the wack Or find it attract-ive to leave lines  on the black kid backwards in time But they can't hold us back when we shine Yo we get the people charged like African elephants to run on the colonists and tear down they settlements 1,2,3,4 - Stay down for the count, you don't want no more 1,2,3,4 - Get respect when I walk in the door, all of y'all say 1,2,3,4 - Kweli and Hi-Tek, we rock shore to shore 1,2,3,4 - Lemme tell you who I do this for... ...I do this for the cats around my way And the babies on the way Y'all can wake up tomorrow but its on today I feel stronger than a song can say I'm born ready to grow heavy Ban niggas from the game like strawberry I'm all ready in activism I attack comission, my baptism through fire Muthafuckas is lackin' vision I ain't talkin' about wailin' and goin' back to prison Niggas try to survive- gotta get back to livin' The track of rhthym attract pigeons to dance floors The jewel in the rhyme give 'em somethin to stand for Hands all up in the sky- for the eternalist As soon as we rolled up, y'all niggas burnin' this We politic in the street while we puff 'dro Election in the news but we don't give a fuck though Too much go on from dask to dawn with your krylon in vestibules And cops arrestin' you with the guns drawn 1,2,3,4 - Stay down for the count, you don't want no more 1,2,3,4 - Don't need your authority, I follow God's law 1,2,3,4 - All my niggas posted up outside the corner store, say 1,2,3,4 - But a shot in the sky like you in the dance floor, like... BUCK, BUCK, BUCK, BUCK That's what I'm talkin' about Crowd control when I walk in the house Swine MCs talk like they got pork in they mouth, c'mon I keep 'em runnin' like slaves to the north from the south Flushed these cats out, the whole system like D-Blocks Got the lava flow Hi-Tek drop heat rocks (WHOOO!) Since I used to shop at weed spots and make demos at beat box We've been rockin' and droppin' to make the streets hot The beats got more heads noddin' than the corner in Baltimore Maryland Soon as the needle drops you get a rush like herion Fiendin' like junkie addicted to pain Who get closer to God when he takes the Lord's name in vain Niggas callin' my name, I don't deal with the haters Treat MCs like trees and smoke nothing but the greatest Wrote nothin' but your favorite shit- showin' you the way to spit, Wait a bit, listen for the count, then say the shit 1,2,3,4 - Stay down for the count, you don't want no more 1,2,3,4 - I'm the illest MC you ever heard before 1,2,3,4 - Get up off the wall, everybody on the floor say... say, say, say, say 1,2,3,4 - We appreciate the love that we get from ya'll, PEACE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek f/ Erykah Badu Album: The Blast Remix 12"/Rawkus.com Song: The Blast Remix Typed by: CiphaSFX@hotmail.com [Erykah Badu/background vocals] (Talib Kweli) Yo Ah ah ahhh. What's the matter with these damn emcees [Kweli] (I don't know) Come on baby if you feeling me [Kweli] (yea) Sit down with me, roll yourself a tree (uh) Now what the hell is going on in the industry [Kweli] (I don't know) Now don't the people want to feel the beat [Kweli] (hell yea) We talk about it every time we meet [Kweli] (yea we do) Would anybody like a cup of tea (rock on, on on on) Ba ba ba badum Badu [Talib Kweli] (Erykah Badu/background vocals) It's the BK emcee (Kweli) My rhymes is found in the veins of ghetto folks who surrounded with pain Going to clubs drowned in the liquor that's surrounding they brains Want to be thugs on every record got them sounding the same (hell yea) Ever since I first came to put it down in this game These people can't quite get there tongues around my name It's all for the good I'm still the same with or with out the fame But I'm saying the way you got my shit pronounced, it's a shame  (umm umm umm) The first part is Arabic (Talib) That means the student or the seeker I never try to be no teacher or no preacher I just reach you through the speaker Never beat you in the head Cause all that preaching to the choir, yo it's dead, word (umm uhh uhh) Then you got (Kweli), let me put you on It means truth and knowledge from the people of the Akan Reaching you through the song, got you rocking to the beat Asking for Hi-Tek tracks, stopping me in the streets (uhh uhh come on) [Talib Kweli] (Erykah Badu/background vocals) Every body say it with me (Kweli) Rock the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast from a double barrel (shottie) It's got to be my man HiTek and Kweli Who make your (body), start the party My crew hot, feel these two shots Like the blast of a double barrel (shottie) It's got to be I got Badu rocking with me (Kweli) [Erykah Badu/background vocals] (Talib Kweli) What's the matter with these damn emcees [Kweli] (I don't know) Come on baby if you feeling me [Kweli] (yea) Sit down with me brought your self a treat (uh) Now what the hell is going on in the industry [Kweli] (I don't know) Now don't the people want to feel the beat [Kweli] (hell yea) We talk about it every time we meet [Kweli] (yea we do) Would anybody like a cup of tea (rock on, on on on.) Ba ba ba baa badu [Talib Kweli] (Erykah Badu/background vocals) Yea you pronounce her name Badu (Badu), love it you got to Some try to hard to be some try to hard not to Be just who they is, what that means that they not true [uhh uhh] A sister put it down, let me show you how I do (duu ehh uu ohh) Chill oc cause we still drop the ill hip hop We stay true to what we do whether you feel it or not When you see me rhyming or painting [uhh uhh] I'm climbing I'm praying, I'm rising I'm surviving I'm staying alive, y'all know what I'm saying I come from a place where cats lust papes (Kweli) [umm uhh] Love hate, be in the clubs late [yea] All our beliefs crush grape (come on) Steady rhymes takes bust ish straight Upstate we puff grate and stay with the sticky like duct tape Always pushing my self and steady knowing the ledge Black man over 21 supposed to be dead (ohh uu) Open instead cause I looked up in the face and laughed [uhh] Give it a name money I'm having a blast (umm um ohh oo) Ain't that right [Talib Kweli] (Erykah Badu/background vocals) Every body say it with me (Kweli) Start the party, my crew hot feel these two shots Like the blast of a double barrel (shottie) It's got to be my man HiTek and Kweli Who make you rock your body, start the party My crew hot, feel these two shots (hey) Like the blast of a double barrel (shottie) It's got to be I got Badu rocking with me (Kweli) [Erykah Badu/background vocals] (Talib Kweli) What's the matter with these damn emcees [Kweli] (I don't know) Come on baby if you feeling me [Kweli] (yea) Sit down with me brought your self a treat (uh) Now what the hell is going on in the industry [Kweli] (I don't know) Now don't the people want to feel the beat [Kweli] (hell yea) We talk about it every time we meet [Kweli] (yea we do) Would anybody like a cup of tea (rock on, on on on.) Ba ba ba baa badu Rock wit us uhh -Kweli {repeats} every body say it with me -Kweli Rock the party, my crew hot feel these two shots like the blast of a double barrel -shotie Its got to be my man HiTek and -Kweli {fades out} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal and Soulive Album: Bridge to Bama 12" Song: Bridge to Bama (Hi-Tek Remix) Typed by: Scraps33@hotmail.com -Talib Kweli- Here I am Sooooouuuulllll Step out on the block to face the sun Creep the people in the village that raised my son As far as days go this look like an amazing one I feel more normal in the summer the same as the yankees won It's like of course, what you expect less The night about to kick off, foks is out in their best dress Pimps and whores rising on the horizon Ballers coppin more diamonds Watch the ?ferrion? looking towards Zion What's embedded in the hardest head It's the epic lie to me and debt to a Country that gives us no credit So cats stealin money cash hoes cuz That's what's expected What's the bill when the original architect is ?kinetic? Mummies return, so dummies can learn Just how much Hollywood got to burn Of our money that's hard-earned But that really ain't my concern As I walk the block When the sun goes down it starts to get hot Scorchin [Chorus X2] Bridge to Bama Bring your wife, your brother, your kids, your mama (bring everybody) (your mammy) Shits bananas (bananas) The way we paint pictures in a vivid manner (picture it) [Verse 2] Magnetic like refrigerator poetry Attract imimators who wanna flow like me You know it's me, floating free Through the ghetto were the people supposedly Ain't trying to show no love openly Give me your hand (yeah) Trying to build a bridge so we can stay the course Hi-Tek lay the track for the train of thought to run across Come across places were faces got tracks of tears Cuz the human race been runnin up on they backs for years Yeah, but they don't break They keep it movin like when I travel the land And people other people do it How other people go through it I'm bridging the gap like the Black Eyed Peas I'm lovin givin it back, to see them raise up I'm living for that To keep trying means you keep failing But if you don't keep trying That means you keep dying What the hell, we gonna die anyway Keep your soul live when you're here Is what I'm trying to say [Chorus X2] (adlib to end of the song) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Mos Def Album: Bright as the Stars 12" Song: Bright as the Stars Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist {*man talking*} haha yeah, but you brothers gotta be careful I mean that ain't your average, garden variety run of the mill gangster bullshit Y'all hardcore, but you got a edge Just look at ya, together You, you little black stovepipe colored nigga You are the same complexion as Marcus Garvey The man that brought self love to the black consciousness movement of the 1930s And now when we speak about complexion We move into (???) of where y'all comin from Yeah, red boned, variety covered genie in a bottle lookin motherfucker You are the same complexion as Malcolm X Ooh I'm tellin you you brothers you're gonna be large But like I said, you gotta be careful See, cuz you are tellin the truth [Talib Kweli] Me and my man came out to put it down Yeah, we bout to do it all over again Here we go A lotta cats like to get on the microphone and front They say they rollin the paper like they ran outta blunts Tell ya how much the Soundscan of the month The man tell you to just do it We never let the man take advantage of us You get props off the diamonds you rented I get my props off the rhymes I invented Cuz I spoke my mind and I meant it Like Tae Bo with a bow tie, kicked your ass with class And we still take it to Brooklyn when we ready to splash Me and Hi-Tek got you ready to blast I'm all ready to last, I stay hungry like I'm ready to fast Married to the movement like a (???) The rhyme veteran You actin real bitch right now like a lesbian thespian Since they let me in the back I've been droppin you (???), stay fresh and clean like hospitals In the war the Cris' poppin, the wallet to wrist watches You ever think the wrist is watchin you That's why the cops is stoppin you Nigga please, they can track you down anywhere Your cell phone transmittin radiation through your ear Your 2-Way is way too new and obsolete next year Navigational system show you how to get there And you ain't think about how you got here Do you know where you are? What happened today? Back in the day they used to follow the stars Spillin so much you gotta catch it in bottles and jars And make MCs eat their words and swallow their bars Oh my god [Talib Kweli and background singer] Kweli and I'm (bright as the stars that shine) Mos Def is (bright as the stars that shine) (that's what I'm talkin about, yeah) Black Star is (bright as the stars that shine) (and you notice, yo) We keep hip hop (bright as the stars) [Mos Def] Uh it's me (who?) Mos, the most beautiful, plain and unusual Black Star rockin with that hot shit you're movin to Massively musical that creep into your tuner to The top of the dial shit, that you don't know my style shit It's what them Brooklyn niggaz stay on foul wit' No matter what the scene is surroundin Yo, whether I'm on the grind or loungin I'm live and he say that I'm foundin Must suffer all the niggaz I'm down wit' This announcement gon' keep the ghetto bouncin Where people find pleasure in measurements and ounces Midwest, big stress is more houses Down South slangin the twang that it's pronounced in East on that foul shit, West, they straight clownin Black Star got the shit they all get down wit' Don't tell me you gonna seen or been around in (Mos Def) Terror stricken on your block I am the mucher worker with the hottest hand I keep it cookin like pots and pans I know that haters got their plots and scams But they simply can't stop my clan It's mighty Mos and super Kwa, my man Black Star my fam About to move on the hearts of man Until a small heart of hearts expand Newer day, dog start the jam And I spit flame that spark the jam Heavy hittin shit across the fence In other words I'm of the wall with this I drop heavy jewels and ornaments To make 'em shine a little more with this [Talib Kweli and background singer] Black Star is (bright as the stars that shine) Mos Def is (bright as the stars that shine) Kweli is (bright as the stars that shine) (I wanna hear the guitar) We keep hip hop (bright as the stars that shine) (yeah, come on, yeah) We keep hip hop (bright as the stars that shine) (yeah, what we do, what we do, yo) We keep hip hop (bright as the stars that shine) (yeah, Brooklyn, uh) Keep hip hop (bright as the stars) And all my people is (bright as the stars that shine) (come on, everybody in the house tonight, yeah) And all my people is (bright as the stars that shine) (yeah, take it with me now, uh) And all my people is (bright as the stars that shine) (yeah, I'm feelin this one, come on) And all my people is (bright as the stars that shine) (how we do it yall, uh) (bright as the stars that shine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli) Album: Black Star Song: 2000 Seasons Yeah Hi Tech Whom do we aspire to reflect on peoples death Who's entertainment shall we sing our agony of our hopes That the destroyers aspiring to extinguish us will suddenly suffer remorse at the sight of their own fantastic success? The last imbecile to dream that dream is dead He was killed by the saviors of his own dream Our movement Verse One Im not a human being into no spirtual shit, Spiritual remanifested as a human that's it When i spit i spray thoughts that's representing my life Yo i step into the spot leave niggas open like mics Take on em on a tour Explore psychologies of war Things you can't imagine if you've never seen em before Shorties come back raw Straight out the c- 74 I welcome them back to the world they think is run by laws The world is run by men who use laws for tools I come thru war tactics like Shaka Zulu Mcs is soft like play-doh I shape 'em smash em to pieces (?) Slaves crave the words i'm painting The masterpieces You hear em on the radio babbling But the truth is traveling with the word As they're flying through the air like a javelin Unraveling like a verdict Pound it in your chest like a gavel in the highest court In Bablyon, let's travel on If the world is foul, and you think foul is how you got to live Then from the get your ass was foul And foul just is how you is No excuses see, life's dilemnas are set up like a mirror Just to show you all your faces Now your clearer understanding is clearer You had your chance for revolution.  You let it pass you by That's why I'm dissing wack mc's till the day that I die Reflection getting you high We stand our ground with the believers The leaning tower of Pisa and the Pyramids of Giza No comparison The way I flip it is embarassing Tis the season Ain't no caroling verse 2 All knowing Flowing like spring water in the desert Balling through the barren land Where niggas take a stand, like castles made of sand Free falling For anything Nothing but a plan to fail for they selves No sense of delf, needed daily affirmations of self help Yo it's right in front of yo grill stop looking everywhere else Speaking of planning, Hustling and scheming Looking for hookups Took up too much time Like a fiend for rocks that got cooked up God bless the child that got his own shit I got my team's So the fiends now become opponents They the opposition Stronger from competition Shining like a golden shower, your face i'm pissing in Completing a genocide mission like The Warren commission Like fathers was supposed to be missing While our sisters were supposed to be whoring Save it for a rainy day, money is pouring Under grey clouds, black butterflys still be soaring Flying in frienldy skies We classifying the highs Blood be flowing in the streets like crimson tide in my eyes Tye be having me drowsy But I get mellow with the chronic Intellectuals embarrased cause we discussing ebonics I'm on a roll like sonic In an age that the plague got bubonic proportions Yo I call it reparations, but they call it extortion Whatever Just give me mine But caution You've been warned for the very last time I'm not telling you again So relay it to your crew You gotta actually to do Forget the drive in, driveby and drive through You've got to Get out the car Humble yourself Tilt your head back, and look at the stars Shining over someplace very far, from where you standing When the night is clear You understanding just who put them there What you know about the space you get lost in Your peoples can't hear you in the distortion The desert is absorption And you sucked and you stuck off american freezing for like  2000 seasons Upon your return from raping and crossbreeding Your own people accuse you of deceiving and misleading Causing mass confusion. Drug abusing Now you all caught up in institutions At this time you've got to break it down and be showing and proving An A&R told me that i use to many catch phrases true I'm trying to catch all my people in all different stages all different phases it's like that y'all... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z Album: Get By 12" Song: Get By (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah, Kweli Ye-ye-ye-ye-ye yeah get back Classic Brooklyn, let's go We sell crack to our own, nigga I'm back in the zone My passionate poems got the feds tappin my phones It's like Timothy McVeigh, they say I'm actin alone I got a whole team that'll put a gat to your dome To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Yo this remix is hot, we only dealin with the live hip hop Yo get by, get back nigga (Roc) [Jay-Z] Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a fo'five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fly Slimmed for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Nigga either I throw it up, these nines Or blow up with rhymes The best flow of mines is like blow up on lines of coke up And your folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'ma poster for what happened seein your moms Doin five dollars worth to work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's (uh uh) I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packin [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get by, just to get by Just to get (by), just to get (everybody get your hands in the sky, it go) [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by (...hands in the sky, it go) [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by (Talib Kweli) Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's war and liquor for fallen niggas Believe me, it's ghetto love, I bet you seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin the throne I said to rest in peace and leave us alone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggas and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building recession to get by [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (get), just to get (get) Just to get (get), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Some people try to be fly They fake and they lie They snakes'll see the hate in their eyes Look at the sky to survive People try to get by Fightin force, slice of the pie Tryin to eat and be high How you know you really alive if you don't reach for the sky? Your eyes keep on the prize What you seek and you'll find Who's the realest niggas? that we let people decide Who keepin it live? Brooklyn got the key to the ride, c'mon Some people try to be fly They fake and they lie They snakes'll see the hate in their eyes Look at the sky to survive People try to get by Fightin force, slice of the pie Tryin to eat and be high How you know you really alive if you don't reach for the sky? Your eyes keep on the prize What you seek and you'll find Who's the realest niggas? that we let people decide Who keepin it live? Brooklyn got the key to the ride, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z, Kanye West, Mos Def Album: Get By Remix 12" Song: Get By (Extended Remix) Typed by: RNDBoi92@yahoo.com [Mos Def] lets see, this is happenin every day y'all (right now), right now, right now (GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!) Listen brooklyn wins again It's the 'Stuy, its the 'Bush, them niggas again Ta' Kweli, mighty Def, and S Dot on the guest, got Kanye, yo the dopeman of hip hop now lets rock And roll out niggas, my hometown niggas Will get it good in yo' hood, so slow down niggas Watch the speed though, mind ya pedal and ease off Or screech off into a collision course of these walls They don't move, don't break, don't lose Don't sleep, life passin, life's flashin Life happens that fast, par-da-don Black hands up in prayer, black guns up affair Dyin wishes to touch the air seekin Heaven, it wasnt here Eyes will not see another year, its another day It's the same fight, different round, sound the bell Mix it up, in victory ya live it up The beat'll get risen up, ya knocked down And get back and get it up Get off of queer street and get wit us And get clear where we get it, from the heart, from the people From the top, from the deep, from the gut, from the street From my soul, to the mic, to the essence So in my absence you feel the prescence, exactly I make contact wit shorter mc Me and mind we don't justify, we get free [Jay-Z] (Mos niccah!) Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a four five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fried Slept for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Nigga either I load up these nines Or blow up with rhymes Cuz this flow of mineis like blow up wit lines of coca' And you folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'm a poster for what happened seeing your moms Doin five dollars worth of work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's (uh uh yea) I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packing, bye [Kanye West] It's like I got that Nina Simone piano flow It's like a Michaelangelo painted a portrait of Maya Angelou And gave it to a sick poet for they antidote If music get ya choked up, this is the tree and the rope This the Chi' nigga, I'm Mr. All of That Fuck a map, let's put this bitch on an almanac Dice what they hittin fo', lacs what you sittin on Tracks who you spittin on?, rap till we get it on And don't let nobody with the power to sign Ever tell you you ain't got the power to rhyme They used to tell me toughen up, put some bass in ya voice They used to tell me lighten up, put some Mase in ya voice Lord willin, I ain't killed nobody But I have a feelin this album that I'm gonna make a killin Well now its chillin, this is love it or hate it music But...at least we made it music And we didn't make it industry, this is gon' be interestin This'll be the end of me, or I'm finna be a entity Kanye, Jay-Z, Mos Def and Kweli We are not makin songs no more, we're makin history [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get by, just to get by Just to get (by), just to get (everybody get your hands in the sky, it go) [background singers]2x bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by (Talib Kweli) Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's whores and liquor for fallen niggas Believe me, it's ghetto lavacious, seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin the throne I said rest in peace to Nina Simone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggas and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building recession to get by [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new and I, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (get), just to get (get) Just to get (get), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Fade to End] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Here We Go 12" Single Song: Here We Go (Original) Typed by: Scraps33@hotmail.com Here we go, here we go, here we here we go X4 (dispersed through the first chorus) Teodross Avery in the house tonight Put your hands together ladies and gentlemen You understand, yo we also got my man A close personal friend of mine, Talib Kweli Blackstar, Reflection Eternal Yo, put it down like this [Verse 1] I'm sayin African blood race through my vein You can hear it in my name And you can feel it in my game I'm sayin the streets is drama Make me wanna rock my body armor Still I'm probably calmer Than your average Dalai Lama I use the meditation, I stay patient But I never deal with hesitation I'm way blunted yo, I can give a what If your favorite stations feelin me These rap cats are killin me No type of stability My ability got more cats in New York Running than Hilary We be chillin, where the blood be spillin We got the red badge of courage for bravery Me and my man Teodross Avery Blow away the legacy of slavery Through any phone, sax or a micro Hotter than a light show with the pyro-techniques Through the speakers let the best speak In less we forget where we come from Blast you into next week now you got History to run from [Verse 2] My work ethic, keep me deep in the cut like anti-septic Respected in the world where people faker than prosthetics Stay true to a certain aesthetic Protect it like the hip-hop secret service Cat off top lookin nervous Wondering when we gonna set it Anticipation will kill you if you let it in your aura Reflect it like god's face upon the water You can't lead a man to water Like you can a lamb to slaughter So I concentrate on me so I can Keep my plans in order I clutch like King Cobra I rock while ya'll boulder Chop emcees up, put em in the grinder Like farmer of Dakota Cuz I'm colder than a polar Walk, talk and stand on my ancestors shoulders Told you we at wear like sista soldier Battle tactics, spray wars Like gat clips, full metal jackets That hit, BAW! Got you lookin acrobatic doing back flips Even if the track skips, We improv like Jazz Artists Freestyle, hop back on the beat and rock regardless [Verse 3] I'm saying, ya'll with me tonight? I'll travel at the speed of light When I see the mic, I get this on lock Cuz my song is in the key of life I roll with my ???? Cuz we be alike Consider them family Make sure they all eating right See the plan is to feed the fam Then free the land, before I get old I can't be young forever like Peter Pan Cats pale in comparison So bad they need a tan Barely see they hand Craft they face like a seed of sand See the ??? you got to beat the man Understand I'm saying The writing on the wall like a paint can Spraying graffiti on your soul Music completely make me whole I'm saying, trying to keep my Pockets on swoll To give back to the community Make a future for you and me From my birth certificate to my eulogy Usually in Brooklyn But my mind keep it movin Ain't no mystery Cuz we showin and provin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli (Reflection Eternal) + Tony Touch Album: Black Label: Hip Hop 101 Song: What They May Seem Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *email typist with correct Spanish lyrics* [Talib Kweli] Turn the music up a little bit Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Uh, yeah Come on everybody 5x Hide your crops, here come the lyrical locusts, hurry! If your vision's blurry, now focus is necessary Son, you hopeless like an ex-Christian We On the next Mission, to knock it out the park like Scott Brosius Me and Tony Toc is the bravest and the boldest Breathin for them kids who catchin asthma from livin wit the roaches From youngest to oldest, I'm the coldest Ask ?the trees?, I'm kickin rhymes like chronic hamatosis [Tony Touch] Yo, this is our shit, we puttin it down as my perrara I'm all up on you wack MC's like troopa cabra If you thought that was fresh, you ain't seen nada From New York to Nicaragua, it's the rap Kimosabe Infiltratin Illuminatti, poly Me, De La, Talib Kweli From BK, buckwild MC's and DJ's Fuck the he-say she-say bullchiche [Talib Kweli] Yo my heart be beatin to the rhythm Blood be flowin through my vein like words explodin in my brain Ya'll niggas numb like novacaine I know the game, and I got all my people in a huddle Our rebuttal is far from subtle We leave the other team standin in they own puddle Then we take off like a space shuttle We scope everything out like the Hubble Drop my rhymes in the ocean, make the sea level double I always keep it poppin cuz I ain't in your bubble [Tony Touch] Aiyyo we kick that, shit that make you wanna spit back But na, we ain't wit that chitchat Talkin 'bout you blast tecs and cash checks I'ma ask Flex if I can put it on your ass next Patrol freaks, scandalous when I hold heat I boldly let off and watch your soul leak Got the yerro, here to bring the thunder Eighth wonder, comin straight out the under [TK] Live from 7-18, we prone to make cream, Kweli [TT] Tony Touch, and we make a great team [TK] Givin niggas nightmares [TT] Makin ladies daydream [Both] Yo things ain't always what they may seem [TT] It's the 7-18 and we always make cream, Tony Touch [TK] Kweli, we make a great team [TT] Givin niggas nightmares [TK] And make the ladies daydream [Both] Aiyyo things ain't always what they may seem (knamean?) [Talib Kweli] Yes indeedy, I wrote graffiti on the bus 50 MC's in my Walkman courtesy of Tone Touch Thank you very much (No doubt) Yo grab the microphone, show them what Brooklyn's all about [Tony Touch] Aiyyo, raw shit, unexpected, off the wall shit Tony Touch, the rest of ya'll need to forfeit It ain't the same, kid the game went corporate I gotta floss it in case you thought I lost it I'm still here, hittin you in the cavesa Never the less while I'm drinkin my silvesa A gordanita wit a chica named Vanessa No pressure when I come to bless ya Stop billin, name hold weight like Bob Dylan I cach ya'll on the rebound if God's willing [Talib Kweli] Everybody within the sound of my voice, let's start buildin Too many wack-ass MC's, I'm not feelin That's why I'm keeppin it tight when I'm speakin through mics Radiate like a beacon of light to seek in the night I got Soul like the De La, African like Fela My occupation is professional rhyme sayer Seen in the magazine, they used to have some love for me Till my rhyme fucked up the editor, they never ran the story When cats bore me, let's break out, I say to my man Corey Infiltrate the fam, you receive candles ambulatory It's mandatory I put that out there, so ya'll respect it Follow this, if you can't, here's your chance to exit Out the procession, now you not stopped in my progession You ain't hip hop, I embrace the whole essence Chorus with slight variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli and DJ Cipha Sounds Album: Jackin 4 Beats 12" Song: Jackin 4 Beats Typed by: Scraps33@hotmail.com (Text break where the beat changes) -Talib Kweli- We got the Eternalists Talib Kweli on the microphone DJ Cipha Sounds on the turntables This is some real hip-hop shit right here Here I am, come on, R-A-W Always down to keep the shit up like a ?bubble goose? Brother who, bring trouble to the industry With colorful metaphors and similes I'm sunnin you, what you wanna do Get rid of me, Cuz I take you back to history Like when Niggas hung from a Noose Yo I'm sucker-proof, plus I never do what others do Thugs running loose, kickin nursery rhymes like Mother Goose Which one of you(s) want it first Yo I'm running through your front line While you still tannin in my sunshine I got pistol-whip, smack, kick and punchlines Represent your block, muscle-shot one time I got rhymes like the Bronx got ?Bohequa? Soundbombing in your speakers Rock for the mama citas Hate to see the party looking like the Promise-keepers Niggas sword-fighting and shit and wanna cock the heaters We get retarded like we on the short school bus Let the legacies of past emcees live through us Big Pun, Big L, Big and Pac just to name a few I'm sure there's niggas in your crew too Shout they name out right here true But then we always bang out Slang Ton,Freaky Tye, I never got a chance to hang out with these niggas But I feel 'em in the spirit, they still here So my death, I'm a never fear it Even though I can't stop it Even though I can't stop it Even though I can't stop it Brooklyn where y'all at See I'm from Flatbush Where cats rush dancehalls and blacks bust Shots in the air for the phat cuts and black dust Burned on the street, I-TAL is how we eat And we ride dollar vans smoke tree from ?fantaleaf? Whether crown height, the park slope, the nineties The fourth green, the Bedstuy I used to cut Tec when I was fourteen to get high at ??? party Leavin no evidence for ma dukes ?Ilashkee? kid from off the President Niggas settling in the residence That make the ghetto mentality have relevance Pack metal shit but never for the hell of it Searching for heaven until we find the truth The kind I never got from no reverend And the truth is the Cipha Sounds get nuff props These other DJ cats is sweet like gum drops Some got the fly shit that keep the slums hot Catch a fire like Bob Marley this is just one drop In a bucket of treats, whether the club or the streets From cats with the bucket of seeds To the cats that got nothing to eat We up in this piece Fuck the Police and tuck in the heat Niggas bucking at beast Really fighting for love and peace But don't know where to aim at Mental slaves can't see where the chains at Ignorance is pop without no entertainer The nations economy is a situation comedy Corporations are making money while The people are facing poverty I rep for the spiritual rich, lyrically rich Y'all niggas stand for nothing and fall for anything Cuz you really be bitch You feeling me kid, than turn it up a bit You think you hot I'll shut your heat down like New York Knicks Word is Bond Yo, I'd like to take this opportunity right now to big up my man hi-tek Kweli and hi-tek, reflection eternal for real But I got one more 'Bout to let this rhyme out on probation You like a fresh fish thrown to population Don't give a fuck if I get rocked on your station I got many ways to spread information From the Black Star tour I rock nations My moms runs the whole book store operation Even underground niggas sell they soul to satan And I've met commercial niggas who be hating So I don't fall for the separation These people are gonna grow up, I got patience When you're ready to be free, I'll be waiting Then every hand can go up in celebration Get 'em up, what?! Get 'em up, what?! Get 'em up, what?! Get 'em up, what?! Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli) Album: Lyricist Lounge - Volume One Song: Manifesto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Manifesto, this is what we want to see happen for my peoples still breakin graf writin and rappin I rock the mic right and exact my life's my sacrifice Take my mic and I'm like a Chinese man with no rice Oh yeah we flippin through the pages of time, to find design Like Vaseline on the faces of Black Georgia, we shinin Deeper than petroleum jelly, we in the air like conversations on celly and just appear like stretch marks on bellies after givin birth you had to let go, you playin for life The Manifesto, here comes the beat because I said so keep pushin I got the cushion for the seat of your soul Back in the day they stole our smile, so we clothe our teeth in gold and we frontin, from nigga to kid, to Son of God It's wild dependin on labels for man woman and child My style just is, all that's seen and all that's heard God gave us music so we play with our words So when Tek be in constant meditation like a monk while Kweli speaks in tongues to get your intellect drunk yo we bound to take over the 90% of your brain that you ain't usin To us it's life or death we keep you chosin 	Every shook eye ain't seen, every goodbye ain't gone 	Ain't no rest for the weary yo forever it's on 	The Manifesto, establishes a hip-hop order 	Movin upon the face of the water, like Reflections Aiyyo all the real MC's can meet me outside So we can decide how we gonna change the tide like the moon we on the Earth takin a ride around the Sun Now Son we only just begun, and the journey's far from done We all miss you, what your brain gone fishin like Walter Mosley? There's an MC that can hold me, supposedly? No one could come close to me, only, the family really know me Hip-Hop's last hope like Obi Wan Kenobi Through your tunnel vision I'm shinin light like a train Comin out like earthworms when it rains, bringin it like the C.I.A. be bringin in crack cocaine bailin out of planes with the George Bush connections, I push Reflection like I'm sellin izm, like a dealer buildin the system Supply and the demand it's all capitalism Niggaz don't sell crack cause they like to see blacks smoke Niggaz sell crack cause they broke, my battle lyrics get concious minds provoked and ghetto passes revoked cause we surrounded by the evil, you know that the people's minds is feeble they believe in it, even if it don't make sense This makin dollars shit, don't take a scholar to see what's goin on around you, either you widdit or you ain't  is what it comes down to, have you forgotten? We pickin 100% designer name brand cotton They still plottin, my Third Eye is steady watchin 	Every shook eye ain't seen, every goodbye ain't gone 	Ain't no rest for the weary yo forever it's on 	The Manifesto, establishes a hip-hop order 	Movin upon the face of the water, like Reflections (Yeah see that's what I'm talkin about, it be the slaughter man  We need to break it down because these heads  they don't know what they talkin about  Frontin all this nonsense, yo break it down) From open mics to solutions I got a collage of answers and a ten point program, just like the Black Panthers One: First respect yourself as an artist If you don't respect yourself then your rhymes is garbage Two: Make sure your crew is as tight as you cause when them niggaz fallin off they gonna bring you down too Three: Understand the meaning of MC The power to Move the Crowd like Moses split the seas Four: Know your shit and don't ever be blunted If you don't know what your words mean then your rhymes mean nothin Five: Kick facts in the raps, and curse with clarity What's a curse when language is immersed in vulgarity Six: We gonna fix industrial poli-tricks Shit they made an artform out of ridin dicks Seven: We soldiers for God needin new recruits So if you rhymin for the loot then youse a prostitute but Eight: Acknowledge that you need food on your plate In order to say your grace make sure your business is straight Nine: We buildin black minds with intelligence and when you freestyle, keep the subject matter relevant Ten: Every MC grab a pen and write some concious lyrics to tell the children I'll say it again, every MC find you a pen And drop some concious shit for our children The Manifesto! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli, Wiseguy, B. Block, S. Shadeeq, Mr. Metaphor, Lilscienz Album: Lyricist Lounge - Volume One Song: Outside the Lounge Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com [Lilscienz] Yo, freestyles, reside to the e-ventually You might see me, kick the spree Get the tape in the Benzi box Up in club spots On a regular base Anytime and place What? Like Janet, I slam kids Harder than Sha-quille O'neal down to the masses I take crews back to, um, hiphop classes Because they didn't surpass this We reside actually, acrobatically, yo... [???] Came and burn me if you spit words in flame from your brain (What?) Rugged terrain, style insane, you's the lame (Huh) Freestyle or written strictly shittin on emcees Drop these, mad degrees on emcees Everyday, everynight You fight for the mic, but you can't handle it I dismantle it, bust you in your head with it You know you can't spit it like I spit it Yeah you shit it in the toilet bowl You know I got nuff soul Y'all control the core cipher You know we drop this, and got emcees following like the Pied Piper You know we hyper, so... [Wiseguy] Yo, yo, yo; can I get a chance to drop in the cipher? Set the shit on fire Yo why the, beats stop? I don't know the beat-box is coming in Got you counting from on to ten And by the time you get up to nine, your ass is left behind Cause you can't mess with the lyrical master rhymes Send niggaz to pass the time, coming off the mind or the brain Can't maintain I'm type strange And ill, in the mind of Wiseguy, that's right I'm the baddest on the mic, I'm average height Got a huge appetite, sorda like Iron Mike Cept I don't bite, I just fight, with raps all right Use the left and the right, recite styles is hype off the top Pardon me but stop the beat-box Cause yo I got beats son (Aw word?) (Aight) My bad, I didn't mean to kill that shit. (That's alright, man, y'know what'm sayin?) [Talib Kweli] The beats is always love, y'know what'm sayin? niggaz always show love with the beats. (My little yellow box, always come in handy) Y'know what'm sayin? Yo, this is like a whack emcees nightmare, y'know what'm sayin? Thats why I'm right here, y'know what'm sayin? *beat comes in* Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo; My name is Kweli, from the Eternally Reflection, spruce to the tree, Bruce to the Lee *aside* Yo, wassup y'all, wassup y'all, Im doin this I love the rush that I get seein a whack emcee's bottom lip quiver He know he gettin smacked for every whack rhyme he deliver Whether in allies or back streets, or the stairwell to Fat Beats I come off like the ink that be staining my hands in rap sheets With lyrics stronger than Samson, to send Marilyn Manson back to Hell, the resurrection of Fred Hampton You can tell by the way your shit swelled and lump up Whenever punks jump up They get down, for thinking they Bone creeping on a come up Now I got one up, but we much more than crabs in apparel Or fags who rap about apparel with an outlook that's mad narrow  We civilized, so on the microphone we vilify For proving that the niggaz with skills is still alive (Still alive) (Still alive) (Still alive) [Shabaam Shadeeq] Aiyyo, freak that, I'm leavin rappers hangin like kiddybacks Or hats on coat racks, I'm rough like porcupine backs Smack the emcees that lack, but, yo, they knew that Like the flute blew through that, with nothing but facts Deejays cut the wax, snare sharp like ax Mic acrobatics and writing the star static From basement to attic, get smacked, act dramatic I had it with some of these fake rhyming ass faggots Who Shabaam Shadeeq they ass, make it blast Stone for cast, whiplash like car crash, black flag For emcees that multiply, act bad, make you thinkin your rhyme bad Got all the skills you wish you had, dreams you had Scorch that ass and make you take the words back To the foundation of that whack verse creation Double S, who wan' test? smash your face in [Building Block] Yeah, yo, yo; my shops cop ?more neath? Things in caster rock And get you open with the combination, like master lock Let it be known, that none could ever pass the Block and when the spot get blown, I hit you with the ?yeah, first shot? Traffic stop when I'm jammin, cause I got more back than gammon Slammin those that oppose my flow like salmon Foes be standing clear, cause, yo, they can't compare The only thing that could hang in hear is a chandelier This man could care less what them say, kick it like sensai Then stay, on your mind like Ash on a Wednesday He at a loss style, got no cause to smile I toss that ass all across, kinda like a foster child [Mr. Metaphor] It's Mr. Metaphor, everybody gather round  Live in stereo sound and very profound Deeper than a burial ground, I'm aerial bound and shuttin Comped down as I rock like Charles Dutton From Gangster Putnam I cut em from every angle Far from a square cause I wreck when I tangle Minds I mangle, mic's I strangle in advance In every circumstance I leave you shook like turbulence You'll never get this, I'm up in that ass like a tetanus ?Master these? rhymes and drop more lines than Tetris I'm sicker than asbestos, spraying rhymes like aspesticides Best to step aside, realize who the best is [Lilscienz] One two, one two The Scienz of Life, we ?X? to New Jeru One two, one two Yeah, the Scienz of Life, we ?X? to New Jeru Yo, let's go back like ?Gilda Masheviks?  With phat challenging methods The rhythm stays energetic The pen's motions kinetic See Heaven sent styles, bless the ears of my peers Even older heads get contacted From bomb tactic Exploding in your nearest tabernacle, Holy like Kadesh HTM, bow lyricists You feel it in your chest son, like that Nine Ether Sound right, reasin em, pleasin em through the speaker For years and years mad heads doubted me Then I changed hiphop, into new-op, its best described as alchemy The scientist, applying this throughout the global I stays universal with the vocal Attracting your focal points with each joint performed at live shows While Lilsci' verbally fly with dime flows My mind grows, being divine, strolls, by the Master One verse could cause cataclysmic disaster But the truth hurts to be murder with spoken words Profound sound all in your section No question The Scienz of Life, don't confuse it Aiyyo if it don't sound right than it ain't music *indistinct chatter by emcees overlapped by security guard saying:* Alright, alright fellas, fellas, fellas, fellas, hold on, hold on, hold up a second You guys, you guys can't be making this noise with the music and everything. (Aw, come on!) You gotta leave this area. I gotta clear this spot. (We gotta go inside right now) So get on line. (We got tickets) So get on line (We got tickets) Alright, alright, you gonna get, you got tickets so get on line, and get out of this area. The line is over there. (We were just doing our thing) Its all good, its all good. Get on line, alright. (Whatever, whatever) Little youngsters. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Dead Prez Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: Sharp Shooters Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com (stic.man) Everything is politics, Kweli, people army, you know it (M-1) The white man came to Africa with rifles and Bibles Heard the name, started changin the titles Now instead of Chaka call me Nat Turner with the burner Freedom fighter for this revolution, fuck a wave journer See I be what John Wilkes Booth was to Lincoln, blam! Sirhan Sirhan, peepin through the curtains with my eyes on a Kennedy Dead prez, politic, know your enemy, keep your toast close Because political power come from the barrel of it We in a war, nigga leave it or love it Since they got us in a scope like a P.E. logo I watch for the po-po (woop woop) and train at the dojo Not a gun Deniro but a working class hero Takin a stand, like a panther with an M-1 Guran Screamin know your gun laws, self defense is a must When we set it off I'm a be the first to bust (Chorus - dead prez) Yo, I'm one with my gun, I love it like my first son It protects me and makes sure the jakes respect me Yo, I'm one with my gun, I love it like my first son It protects me and makes sure the jakes respect me (Talib Kweli) What do you do  when the police kick in your door like 'get on the floor' Shoot you in the back cause who you are and where you at's against the law You try to protect your home with the illest arsenal possible Learn how to heal yourself and stop fuckin with them hospitals Get with brothas down for the cause givin it all they got But every brother ain't a brother (word), fuck around and get shot By these black kings that pack gatlings  to make a rat sing like Nat King Before they start blasting (blow!) With no accuracy, handling they beef in the public Now an innocent child got a bag for a stomach Property value plumit every time a shot is fired (c'mon) People feelin betrayed so they take the street to riot Cops fire shots and try to stop the spirit takin over the entire block Politicians say it's time to march But people is past that, ready to blast at whatever comin From the master or from the office, niggas is sick of runnin Yeah, all my soldier, raise it up, c'mon, now (Bust ya guns) yeah, Kweli with dead prez, c'mon (Blow blow) (stic.man) I'm deep in the runs  where all that niggas give a fuck about is stackin funds The black and young type that's packin automatic guns If any static comes sparatic shots'll ring out You get caught up, you get your fuckin brains blown clean out The killers reign supreme, survival of the illest brain and scheme For cream you know the game in my vein I feel the pain for all the niggas that passed away Tryin to get cash the fastest way we know how, the old fashion way Blastin, we actin like cock tecs and tenniments My squad flex if any shit pop, and put an end to it It's like hell, this planet I'm from consist of dilligent crack sale Assisting off the backs of young black males It's innocent, suspending in packed jails that benefit White well being, while niggas catch hell just for being You might as well have a life of crime, ain't nothin free in this life I stick a nine in ya spine for mine No time for talk, 'cause I walk when I talk Stalkin sidewalks of course with the eyes of a hawk Crack a quart to get away from this trife world and thought Puffin Newports 'cause life's a bitch, and it's too short My crew sport leather, gold, camoflauge, rugged denim Deadly in venom, totin buckets with nothin in 'em But Rawkus, some ill mothafuckas for real Straight hustlas with nothin but a taste for kill (Chorus) 4x (Talib Kweli talking) Yeah, c'mon, all my soldiers Brooklyn where you at Florida, Cincinnati where you at Africa where you at, yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Rubix Album: Mission Control Presents Prehistoric Sounds Song: Millionaires Typed by: penguins37@aol.com [Rubix] Everyone is claiming riches The finest bitches Lexus' and Land's driving 'round without a plan Everyone wants to go buck But can you plant some food for yourself  When the land is looking rough? This is the life Equivanlent of the real Don't live beyond your means In this harsh-ass dream Cause who will be 'round When your life is looking down? Be true to yourself Plants your roots in the ground [Kweli] The ghetto is desolate But don't be forgettin' Money exchanges hands like Off Track Bettin' Project heat will keep ya sweatin' Release energy through pores Battles for thesis that held the project wars Bullets never pour Snatch your life from menacin crack-whores By standing just outside of the limits of the law On the face of human waste Standin' out like cold sores It's what Black kids embrace So fuck a Cold War If the Berlin Wall falls What you be fightin' for? Cause devils come together to oppress me some more It's clear fuck a tactic that's old like menopause Yo i get down for mines Stay out my way gettin' yours MC's who was just fakin' You should stop now because Real guns in your mouth Cause shit in your drawers And besides, you got much more to live for Is hip-hop worth dying for? Are you sure? Whenever I arrive Niggaz know my steez Au-revoir MC's Hit the floor and freeze All my sons waving guns in barbaric fashion Yo they children don't listen They just imitate they actions Chorus (Kweli): There's mad millionaires in the ghetto All material things lose their value in time That's why you'll find I'm a millionaire of the mind I pack a million thoughts in every rhyme Another millionaire dies every day (x4) [Rubix] Effeminate character MC Miscommunicate, oppress us, distress us Relay the data like a messenger from Mecca How many men can testify to they treasure? Is this the neverland, the promised land? Sheep for slaughter Frontin' sons but ya can't feed your daughters What's your livin? Playin' to push a man for Sam? Gettin' wired And these are the days, the last plague Watch the fire Sensation relation the physical manifestation Man's elation -- material accomadation Facin this world Conglomeratin' corporations Deeper than the thesis Observation of creation Money makes a man rule a nation After greed is lust And soon to follow is distrust This ghetto paranoia is the reason that you bust Caught up in the cipher Having negative thoughts There's one less millionaire every single day And you could be the next This life is rougher than the sex Sex, sex Chorus [Kweli] Yo I wonder when I get the land cruiser and the lex (No sweats) Dodgin' users from the other sex I wonder if my own people will be next I need respect that don't come with no weekly check I know ghetto millionaires They got cold chillin stares And drug-dealin airs They make hairs stand up on the backs of necks of mayors? Who blow up fish markets and got various targets They sweepin' shit under carpets I move stealth through the chicken-heads With talcum on they chests Yo Malcom's gone And the elders ain't impressed with my struggle I try to make a profit and I'll flip it so it double Being poor just ain't worth the trouble Extension of my mansion  Where I keep my stacks Deep in the study where my nerve endings react There ain't no stoppin me My feelings and thoughts I have monopolies Magnetic fields and fields of dreams is my property Poor people who are stupid die quickly I'm a millionaire that's carrying all my assets with me I go past the physical world like Sufis My people's was sold one-by-one like Lucy's These niggaz got grams but no lands yo you losin me Watch that first step, its a doozie Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Nick Javas Album: NFL.com/PepsiAudible Song: Pepsi MAX NFL Audible - Ravens vs. Chiefs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] You're watchin the Pepsi Max NFL Audible [Nick Javas] Hello sports fans, welcome to the Wild Card round For a fame that'll be won on the ground It's a matter of passion as opposed to a good call B'more and K.C. in smashmouth football J.C. from K.C., Ray and Ray from B'Mo' Anquan and Flacco, T. Jones and D. Bowe Matt Cassel, the battle with Ed Reed Ray Rice lookin to part the Red Sea So there's no time to be timid The team that moves on will be the one that's controllin the line of scrimmage So the player who penetrates can never hesitate And the losin team will get a date with the couch at the house the one central fear Watchin it from home and waitin 'til next year So while it's right here in front of you do whatever it takes to get a W Otherwise it'll trouble you for months, and a stent won't fix it Ice won't numb it, it's too deep of a sickness It's called winless, and you don't want that You gotta win this, handle your business but never fall back, always attack 'til the big girl sings if you want that ring So leave it on the field and you just might take it As long as you gave it and didn't save it Who wants it more? [Talib Kweli] Pepsi Max is zero calories Maximum Pepsi taste Artist: Talib Kweli & Nick Javas Album: NFL.com/PepsiAudible Song: Pepsi MAX NFL Audible - Jets vs. Colts Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] You're watchin the Pepsi Max NFL Audible [Nick Javas] Welcome sports fans, to where the journey begins I can feel the fire burnin within One team'll earn a win, the other one's headed home So who would fare better in the dome? A battle between New York and Indy; so we got a veteran against a sick D, but I brought a friend with me (KWELI~!) [Talib Kweli] Indy's hard to stop unless you got a Bart Scott And an island named Revis to stop Reggie receivin [Nick] Yeah, we'll have to keep an eye on those two [T.K.] Yup, both dudes got all of pro tools [Nick Javas] Very true; we'll see what D-Rex can do It's win or cry, like Joseph it's live Addai [Talib Kweli] Both hopin to "Get By" just to take it in the mix Create enough pressure to live it high, digits in the sky Give it to the guy who's named after his team [Nick] Oh you must mean 23 [T.K.] Shonn Greene! [Talib Kweli] But #10 is ready to send 'em to their homes Cause he's already owned the throne So he know what's in it for him, sayin child should blend to find Santonio with the dust in the wind [Nick Javas] Well D'Brickashaw better get his paws off D3 A beast at D.E. feedin on QB's Mathis no joke and Brackett is so stoked Battlin toe to toe maybe after the post-show they can be friends, but not while the Jets are seekin revenge for last post-season's events 'Til we speak again, suppose only time will tell who climbed and who fell, so who wants it more? [Talib Kweli] Pepsi Max is zero calories Maximum Pepsi taste The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Niggas Lie a Lot (Single) Song: Niggas Lie a Lot Typed by: Kevin.Cassada@kirtland.af.mil {*using the "This Is Why I'm Hot" beat*} [Talib Kweli] I ain't out to diss nobody But we gon' keep it real for a second Can we keep it real for a second Brooklyn stand up If you doing ya grizzly I respect that But a lot of rappers is saying things they don't mean People see through dat Talib Kweli Niggas lie a lot, niggas lie a lot Niggas lie, niggas lie, niggas lie a lot I know you think you nice, You just nice on ya block With these crabs in the barrel Tryin' to rise to the top [Verse 1] This is why I'm hot This is why I'm hot I ain't scared to die I ain't scared of getting' shot I got the fear of God And from all that I been through If you fuck with the family Then I gotta put it in you Pause, now continue I love the competition I ain't got no issue with the battles or dissin' But I keep it straight with you We shootin' from the hip I can't stand these rappers that just shootin' off they lip Every rapper is a clapper Your producer is a shooter Engineer gotta nine Label boss gotta ruger Yeah right we ain't stupid We don't believe these losers Gotta Mac in the booth Tell the truth, it's a computer So let me guess you make it that impression I seen you on MySpace, you just wanna be friends So let's not pretend, I respected ya block Until I put it all together, now let's connect the dots [Verse 2] Ok, you say you rap You know how I can tell you whack It's 2007 and you still sellin' crack Back in 1986 when we was shootin' over sneakers Crack was king but now they slangin' and it's drastically cheaper It ain't a real demand there ain't no short supply Just the same old crackheads getting twice as high These niggas like to lie on how they kill on corners They still corny, they don't know what the real New York is Faster than a rose in crime inner city drop It wasn't cuz the mayor added 40,000 cops You on the corner like "Wow, my style is pretty hot" But my style mile is equal to 20 city blocks Most say New York is soft It's softer with the beef shit Niggas can't separate the music from the street shit Man that's some weak shit Them niggas never classic Remember bastards Talib Kweli forever Blacksmith The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G. Rap, Lord Jamar *, Talib Kweli Album: Oz soundtrack Song: Oz Theme 2000 Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com * in character from Oz as "Supreme Allah" [Talib Kweli] For all my people who got someone locked down right now Fuck it, this for everyone locked down right now, fuck it Help me out, Lord Jamar, Talib Kweli, Kool G Rap [Kool G. Rap] From the street blocks, to c-blocks, sleep in a box Creep with an ox, got beef in the shop, got beef with the cops Sharp blade keep in the crotch, prison guards deep on the watch Fifth stare people'll drop, if it ease not then we peeping it pops Even though they not speaking a lot,  the plot ease drop, greasing a cop Come to shove meat in your chops, flee the spot, sheets in a knot Get tied from your feet to the top, you caught in the hall,  make blood skeet with a mop If you doing shift in the kitchen blood'll leak in the pot, Just a long game of sheep and the fox Phone time, beef for your slot, the shit'll make you weep in your coot Mayors get messy y'all, nigga get shanked up in the chest he fall Pressed against the wall, got the best of y'all,  stitch from neck to balls Skin cut flesh and all, stretched out unless you balled,  nothing sexy at all The life destiny wall, hope the Lord bless when he call,  Stand like a man or be a Debbie in core, heavier  they come heavier from nigga to whore Be a predator, dead in the morgue, a spread in the log (Chorus 2X: Talib Kweli) In the prison, industrial complex You got taxes, politics, jobs death Gross stun it, cold blooded, dark and heartless From the pyramids down to the projects [Lord Jamar a.k.a Supreme Allah] What do it take, vandal try to escape I got a homemade shank, wrap the handle with tape Better move quick fast, I got a trick for your ass Niggas in my clique stick dick to your ass So we don't give a fuck trying to make time past Here eat it up feed a nigga fine glass Got jail house wine in the stash,  Every time the caf serve swine yo I tell I pass Do like Beecher did to Shillinger and shit on your ass You the feature when I'm killing ya, hit on your ass Supreme Allah said we got time to kill So when it's time to kill, we got time to kill In the yard with the guards when its time to build And time is hard got to use my wills See shit has changed every since they killed Adebisi You never know niggas might try to grease me (Chorus) [Talib Kweli] The image that we pro-ject is still God Time to reflect but the reflection is hard Like sticking mirrors out between the bars, seeing the guards Seem like everybody innocent regardless of the charge You face death, rape threats, and place bets,  on who getting laced next Forever faceless never waste breathe  Blowing out the candles that the wind already snuffed out They locked up your body your mind could bust out Police don't sweep to get the dust out They want your name in the system,  My need to mention the death penalty as legal lynching People listen, they got teenagers up in the line up To fill the new facility they built they need the crime up Please, the war on drugs is really war on the youth War on the people, war on the truth The violent crimes rise,  the silent dies as sirens cry through the night People fight for what's left and not what's right (Chorus)  [Talib Kweli] Word is bond {*Goes into a Augustus Hill on Oz skit*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Raise the Bar 12" Song: Raise the Bar Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com (woman: just give me a try!) [Verse 1] (what we gon' do? yeah) We gon' work, we gon' play We gon' lead the way We gon' say everything that we need to say Then get ghost in the breeze to blow the leaves away MCs today, it's like they throwin' our seeds away But that ain't for me to say, right? It ain't got to be this way We gon' take charge, make gods out of men We gon' raise bars, show y'all how to win Hit the rally, hit the riot, get the party started Respect the words you herbs, it's the Kwelity artist I solemnly promised the knowledge will demolish your college Admonishes scholars, you acknowledge the dollars (yeah) Want me to payola? Man I don't even know that boy, I'm takin' over Keepin' it fresh like bakin' soda in your fridge I keep Brooklyn like Jamaica so ??? [Hook] That's how it is, "C'est la vie, ooh la la oui oui" Please, excuse my French, nigga ridin' the bench Sayin' "Coach, let me in, yo I know we can win" (woman: just give me a try!) [Verse 2] Yeah I see y'all flossin' like you got shit on your teeth 'Til I get up on the mixtape and I shit on your beat Well ever since I came back niggas ain't gettin' no sleep Why beef? NayNay shit on the street Come on, my words man hit like pure 'caine/+Cane+, ask +Abel+ I got more lines than cokeheads on a glass table Roll with a thorough crew, everybody follow through Brooklyn where on the street we either swallow you or hollow you You know how my borough do Cats'll pull the ratchet out, start blackin' out off funny style Cats nothin' to laugh about (ha) It's hood politics, the hood economics You get exploited, even your +Daddy-O+ like Stetsasonic Kweli the best alive, my words spray like pestacide You niggas keep on buggin' me When they gonna exercise their right to exit right now And keep it movin'? I'm the solution, niggas shootin' to salute [Hook] [Interlude] B.K. in the house, what you wan' do? L.A. in the house, what you wan' do? BaBOO in the house, what you wan' do? West Coast throw your W [Verse 3] I'm comin' through like MCs are my students and I'm the sensai You need to fuck with your boy, fuck what your friends say It's like my shits are so tight, I need some Ben Gay I like the energy right, they call me feng shui Men pray to their false gods and lost God a while ago And crack up like the ??? No smile, know their inner-child can grow Go out strapped with the calico At a party ready to set it, wetted his throat Had him better to smoke His eyes red and he ready to let go Yo oh, and then the DJ threw it on A nigga like that's my shit, word is bond [Hook] [Interlude] yeah, we gon' work, we gon' play We gon' lead the way We gon' say everything that we need to say Then get ghost in the breeze to blow the leaves away MCs today, it's like they throwin' our seeds away But that ain't for me to say, right? It ain't got to be this way We gon' take charge, make gods out of men We gon' raise bars, show y'all how to win {*DJ scratching*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek (Reflection Eternal) Album: Some Kind of Wonderful 12" Song: The Express Typed By: bootleg210@msn.com [Talib Kweli] "There comes a time-" Hi-Tek, who we rockin wit? "In every young mans life when-" That's right we rockin with the best "He must go out into the world" Ya ya ya yo yo [Verse 1] I don't just spit, I hauck loogies on these emcee floozies Y'all beggars can't afford to be choosy Wanna bubble like jacuzzis, act bouigey, you watchin to many movies These cats is fruity and got it mixed up like smoothies Who are we? Yours truly, fist in the air like Huey Smoke 'em one-by-one like Lucy's, then we skate like 'ooty Just because yur rhymes is booty don't mean you "The shit" Yo my style is universal, I get around like orbit I got this all up in my veins, so fuck what you sayin Your stuck in the same frame of mind, ain't no duckin my rain, when it's times for storms to brew, I'm _Warning_ you like Notorious Before we bust, I won't be courteous, Even if ya moms is in the audience, I'm still the goriest, Road warrior, whose story is more glorious than Euphoria And you got it all up in you, and ain't nobody stoppin you If you don't believe us you could check out how we rock for you [Hook] Can't stop, don't stop Rockin to the rhythem cuz I I get down and (Brooklyn) I get down and (to put it down) I get down and I (Like UNI) I get down (The uptown) Gets down and sha-na-na Can't stop, don't stop Rockin to the rhythem cuz I I get down and (Cincinnati) I get down and (Madtown) I get down and (Detroit) I get down and (Chicago) Ah ah ah, sha-na-na [Verse 2] Kweli, that's me, the king, the emcee Rhyme, get mine on the T-O-P Can another emcee ever FUCK with me? (Hell no!) "Y'all niggas Tickle Me like Elmo" Yo I got hip-hop on deadlock You wanna pose like models, you catchin headshots My roots extend to bedrock I stay grounded The perfect balance, I found it And I got everybody feelin it My aura shine like ice and ain't nobody stealin it Ain't no need to say "Run your jewels" when I'm revealin it (True) And droppin it, on your stupid ass and not concealin it (Put it on 'em) Cats want you in the dark, no switch that In fact them cats want you in the pitch black Where the light switch at? This shit's wack You try to get some "Get Back," that's how a bitch act So sit back and observe these gentlemen With that melanin, we see through the swine like gelatin So never question my relevance, manifestin all elements Take hip-hop and develop it, by injectin intelligence Wackness, you don't just smell of it, you reek in it We stay feakin it, so the title we keepin it Hi-Tek is the best kept secret since Diamond D Kweli consider me the opitimy of emcee So you know what that mean to me - eternally we stand out, and make them other dudes look like scenery "Won't stop" "Doin it..real" "Hip-Hop..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli) f/ Bahamadia Album: Soundbombing 2 Song: Chaos Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] We your rhyme sayers, we lead you like a beacon of light, out of the chaos, cuttin down overzealous players who stare, when the winners of the game walk in well prepared, climbin the stairways to heaven while you scared of the people livin under- -ground heard the sound of the clap, made you wonder If it was a gun, the crowd, or some thunder All of that was out my window when I was younger Now I'm much older, lyrically clap MC's If you don't know by now, let me acquaint you with my steez (C'mon) I don't get on stage and waste your time Niggaz got a lot to say but they just can't rhyme They just babies, I snatch em out they incubators Attach them to respirators, they breathin hard like Darth Vader Hard as candy and suck like Now or Laters After a while your style's tasteless and it GOT NO FLAVOR [Bahamadia] Projects my eyesights to the heavens like dead or wise sages Release what I hold sacred through my book of rhyme pages Scripts be ageless, like scrolls from dead sea The cadence off and on like the motion of Tai Chi Ba-ha-ma-D, wor-dy, to Reflect, Eternally Science to a remedy to help and get my people free, but little support, got my thesis on freeze My only option's doin bootlegs for the Japanese Get about eight G's, a heavy buzz overseas Sacrifice a pill to mainstream and do what I believe, cause down to the chromosomes I'm a purist to this artform Enlighten who I touch and let the world catch on [Talib Kweli + Bahamadia] Yeah, we your rhyme sayers, who lead you like a beacon of light, out of the chaos, cuttin down overzealous players who stare, when the winners of the game walk in well prepared, climbin the stairways to heaven while you scared of the people livin under- -ground heard the sound of the clap, made you wonder If it was a gun, the crowd, or some thunder All of that was out my window when I was younger [Bahamadia] Oppose for the nine, how no content sections of the earth Walkin vexed, out of my sticks, laced on every verse My cells begin to peak at least a hundred thousand hertz Meanin my joint's prevalent in Fat Beats and Footworks I cater to these markets first, cause they gravitate to me And appreciate the vision of what I do musically [Talib Kweli] Mmm, mmmm, mmmm, mmm!! I walked in and they stared, see how they screwin me Break you down, til you ain't the man you used to be Domination of my jurisdiction, people's addiction to lies It blurs the lines between the fact and fiction Now we back omission, I fix your face for you, keep yappin You start to hate the man in the mirror like Michael Jackson [Bahamadia] Majors they try to hold me captive but mine are figure factions But the foundation of hip-hop hold my braincells for ransom I chance none, fuck them spots on charts and number one If it's meant, then I'll accept it gracious when the time comes This grassrooted curriculum, got me sprung like twisted ankles Experience is missable, so I approach it from all angles and inject some substance deep inside of rap's core Takin emceein back to where it was before [Talib Kweli] Call us Liberty like the Bell of Philadelphia scenery Me and Bahama-D, style free like Mumia need to be Seein me, feelin me, we right here on the level Turnin hardrocks to pebbles, exposin the devil Lyrical olympian like John Carlos winnin gold medal Take that bass out yyour voice you talk to me in treble I'm "Serious" as Steady B so you know I ain't playin I'm stimulatin, makin crowds MOVE like organizations in Philly Keep it positive, my prerogative is exercise See through the chaos with my third eye Word I exhibit the exquitiness, since a child I was vivid Throw your hands in the air if you with it, dig it [Talib Kweli + Bahamadia] Yeah, we your rhyme sayers, who lead you like a beacon of light, out of the chaos, cuttin down overzealous players who stare, when the winners of the game walk in well prepared, climbin the stairways to heaven while you scared of the people livin under- -ground heard the sound of the clap, made you wonder If it was a gun, the crowd, or some thunder All of that was out my window when I was younger [Talib Kweli] Seven-eighteen, to five-one-three We meet at two-one-five Reflection Eternal, Bahamadia, yes yes [Xzibit] Yo listen the fuck up y'all It's Mr. X to the Z Xzibit Broadcastin with the home grown That's right, they straight out of my backyard The Beat Junkies, on Rawkus Records understand me? It's Soundbombing 2! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal Album: Soundbombing 2 Song: On Mission Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com {*chanting in background*} [Talib Kweli] Blaze one for the Brooklyn crew what Blaze one for the Cincinnati crew, yes And for the whole world, and for the whole world Yo Hi-Tek they still sleepin As a right we still peakin They still weakin, we adventurous thrill-seekin We will begin, new ways of freakin it It's the dawn of the MC who think before he spit On Mission, we intercept your transmission Bringin exactly what the fans missin You, bare witness to, the transition like GIVE ME THAT MICROPHONE, man listen Yo, I literally Obliterate MC's who rhymin pitifully Let's get it straight like degrees of longitude and latitude Adjust your position like your attitude Even cats frontin had to move Now let's begin, while you testin these better men You get fucked up like it's your first Friday as freshman Letter man on the varsity team, I pipe dream Make they cream freeze like reindeer caught up in high beams Yo it seems that they sensitive like open wounds and I'm lyrically salty All your shit is faulty, watch me turn jams into revolutionary parties Stoppin your heart piece, while we write soliloquies wit Sharpies We stay in the air like aerosol to carry y'all Old decrepit MC's like Geritol We men in the mirror y'all, your career is like a metaphor for suffering When we rush in, beat these niggas like percussion You ain't touchin nuttin I give instructions and move on your weak production Drop that African king shit and the royal flushing Respect the queen, from straight from BK Thick like girls' legs when they run the Penn Relay "Talib Kweli it's the Reflection" "Hi-Tek" "When we livin this shit" "Out of the 7-18 we meet the 51-3" [Talib Kweli] I blast through your illsuions Shatterin your shadow as I snatch the light from you When I want to, confusion is the conclusion you come to That's the best you could come up wit  When your brain pattern is scattered and that's why you dropped that dumb shit Click first and when we hit next when I'm dispersing Cursing me like ham cuz I'm original when you're like the King James version You need a surgeon to put you back together When your parts is missin like aquarian gospels We can get more hostile without PEACE Believe we balance positivity wit negative Legal and illegal cuz it's relative If the law prevent me from being a man, then what's the deal? In the Hour of Chaos, my microphone's my Black Steel I grip it wit that sure shot feel Drivin through your mind, Hi-Tek be on the wheels We ride up on your heels, talkin back now You pop more junk than a ?thane or bird? Fallin flat on your face, you got caught trippin off your words Explain that ?simunicy? You oxy-moron, pimpled faced dummy goin through puberty Flippin late night through cable channels lookin for nudity You're junior-high, what could you do to me Nuttin is new to me but I'm still learnin, what Hip-hop is in our hearts and we On Mission from the start To leave our mark up on this rock Too many people is just livin *repeat* [Talib Kweli] Listen listen, huh man listen We intercept the transmission Bringin exactly what you fans missin Hi-Tek *echoes* Uh uh, Talib Kweli yo Exactly what it's supposed to be yo None of y'all niggas is close to me, yo Step back before you get your head cracked Yo steppin in through set back, I never sweat that Aiyyo my man C Smith is jet-black That's okay though, aiyyo I build these niggas up and then I smash em to the ground like Play-Dough And then I lay low The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Talib Kweli Album: Soundbombing III Song: Rhymes and Ammo Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com SOUND (sound) BOMBING (bombing) [Light faded voice of Black Thought] Cause when I put rhymes in they minds yo For all y'all folks who were hopin and wishin and I can assault, tryin'a take my position Stop wishin, and sit yourself back and listen to A'yo, cause when I put rhymes in they minds yo For all y'all folks who were hopin and wishin and I can assault, tryin'a take my position Stop wishin, and sit your ass back [Chorus: Black Thought] A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! (Shit up) Pump that! (Shit up) When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! (Get Up) Stand up! (Get Up) When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! (Now) Rise up! (Now) When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! (blaow) Lick a shot! (blaow) [Verse 1: Black Thought] A'yo everybody on they jawns Cartoons is hardcore porn It ain't no afterschool paper routes and mowin lawns Kids got backpacks full of yayo and heron Coming to school shootin up the auditorium Yo its anthrax maniacs on the TV The least of y'all worries should be Thought's cd The chairman of the board coppin twice weekly They done caught the minister with a pork b.l.t. If my shit ain't hot, it probly try to drive me Psyhce, its somethin I can never let myself see Can't see, I'm thorough-bread, nothin fancy The maker, no matter what the circumstance be Its the principle, pillowcase full of nickel Smacked like I'm (??), leave him crippled Keep talkin greasey I'ma big lip you A'yo your man'll can get slid with you You and the squad takin to galoshes I hold the engineer for hostage and spit from a dirty cartridge Its L for whoever try to front on Thought's shit I'm sendin them goons to your mom's apartment [Verse 2: Dice Raw] A'yo I'm dancin, on the edge of insanity and rhymin like its the end of humanity Still people from the old neighborhood can't stand to see me Turn around and tell girls we like family What up with all that, jokin, and collamity Behind the laughter they thinkin about jammin me But they don't know, I got somethin for them But I ain't with that negative vibe, so fuck all that I've earned alot from this game, and sacrificed more Stand here a new man, but I'm still the old boy They claimin they sell but I'm still the old boss Sometimes wings get clipped, we all hit the floor But today though, its Black Thought, Kweli and Raw You can be sure that we got our eyes on y'all Watchin different artists rise and fall Mother fuckers jumpin ship like we came to rob at y'all [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Kweli, sittin back in the cut like Reese In a constant peace, call me fantastic like I cut the grease Baracudas movin and canoein sippin amaretto I'm a ruler of my temple, what I do to instrumentals Instrumentals is the development of these niggas mentals Tears in your eyes like this moment is sentimental Your fundamentally floored, philosophically bored Disturbed like the eighth floor of your hospital ward You've GOT to appoint niggas to raise the bar Muslims praise Allah, Christians praise the God Rastas, they say Jah They find a way to rhyme with the pallet like fine wine and make you say ahhh Guess who's back? The game needed improvement Can't fit the bullshit no more, you sound stupid I'm a shark in the water with constant movement influenced by music since a truant yo This is how we do it yo [Chorus x2] Artist: Zap Mama f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Zap Mama Song: Yelling Away Typed by: ihda2@hotmail.com [Talib] Ok, its the emcee extraordinaire Talib Kweli Chillin on Soundbombing 3, with my peoples From the East, Cypha Soundz, from West, Mr. Choc This is how we do it, I got y'all back, y'all got mine Let's do this- no more music motherfuckers [laughing] [Zap Mama- Chorus] Yelling, yelling, yelling away Going, going, going away And fly, away [Talib] Yo, fly in it Blue skies the limit, the skies infinite It reflect in the eyes of those who try to send spies in it Capture the sun if they could, but they go blind by it Look in the sky and I see Africa's eyes in it The land is dry like the cry in'finite The tear we shed grow to fruit til the eye replenish The industry wanna try to give my rhyme a sentence Behind bars with my rhymes diminished, they tryna end us But all them clowns do is give my mind a senate To watch my people's enemy die in my presence Fly away on the highest adventure out on the line And enter the gate of Zion, need to decide who sent em' I went through the jungle (yeah) Stalking like a black panther, rap's answer to that cancer Choking the life out the hood They won't let a man emancipate his people This refreshing like the spray of the bay in Puerto Rico [Chorus] x2 [Zap Mama] All the things, you desire Earth...wind...water, fire These elements hammer nice together See, you can find it there Find it there [Chorus] x2 [Common] Yo, I came into this world as the naked truth A little baby girl, trying to make it through Through this earth, wind, fire and water That I'm someone's daughter Cadence of divine order Sorta sent to let the people know their times spent It's precious and we can't keep our minds bent On just the pleasures of sex, drugs, wine, bread In essence, we one with the environment Though I've been here, less than a year Being so close to god, I guess I haven't learned the fear When I heard nature telling me, time to come home Told my mind this is the path for you to walk, not to run on Understand the night, to reach a higher day Follow yourself so you can fly away (fly away) Fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg [Zap Mama] You are feeling, the stress But in life, you're truly blessed Go...for...nothing less Spread your wings and fly away Fly away [Chorus] x4 [Zap Mama] Go...for...nothing less (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli & DJ Celory Album: Synchronicity (Compilation) Song: Great Expectations Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch My nigga Punchline want his money Yo, this is a capitalist society Yo! Hello world, how y'all doin? Don't be shy, y'all can wave back, man I know y'all can't see me Oh you got it? [ VERSE 1: Talib Kweli ] Talib Kweli ichiban in Japan is mush-mush Yo, I'm able to keep it fresh like veggie tables and couscous Got my comp in a catch deuce-deuce Livin proof, you want the truth? Nah, you can't handle the truth I flip it like any Angelo, be it Michael- or D' Paint the ceiling with my sounds, smoke trees with melodies I enter the palace with no malice intended If l's make you cough a chalice is recommended Particularly filled with sticky that I got from Manny I'm breakin mics like Amy Fisher breakin a family It can be, all so simple if you let it If you don't want to, fuck it, forget it, yo, don't sweat it You feel little When you let the power of the rhythm hit you White Widow got my eyes Chinese But sharp as leaves Of paper cuttin your skin Whenever I write with my pen And make a point Y'all be like, "Yeah, that's the joint" Yo Matt, got the track on they DAT That make it easy to complete Cause I write shit with or without a beat See you on the hook like a fish We knock it out, no doubt, the shit fixed Like carols at Christmas So bounce, come on, bounce, come on I lock you in my sentence and the shit's a run-on Tokyo, where you at? Brooklyn, where you at? [ CHORUS ] Kweli next to be up, so I suggest you re-up Or freeze up like you hear a shot Now I can trace the tracks of all the teardrops Of every single MC in earshot I fear not or none, number one Ichiban, none, number one, ichiban [ VERSE 2: Talib Kweli ] I get my camouflage from Weiss/Mahoney My rhymes are worth the price of Sony Your light like last for one minute like Rice-A-Roni Son, I'm nice, you're phoney It seems all you want in life's to know me I'm colder than when the ground's covered with ice and it's snowy One and only Talib Kweli from Eternal Reflect Yo, I come to Tokyo where everything is Hi-Tek So I feel right at home, rightin poems, fightin clones Who bite my own style cause they ain't got one I got drive while you ride shotgun Please stop, son I watch _Get on the Bus_ a lot And all this shabuya has got to stop I'm just playin, Japanese culture is like amazin Animation is like hair-raisin Kick selection got no limit Eatin seaweed, maybe one day I get with it But when I see weed I'm smokin Heh, I'm just jokin Really not though My homie Common told me, "Arigato" My art got no Boundaries like Pablo Picasso Who? You don't know, you never knew Big up to Ru See you in the show on the Avenue Of the Americas Etcetera, etcetera You get the point, you want hot shit, I got a plethora Classics, it's the best of Brooklyn, New York City So we're never comin shitty I get more love in Japan than _Hello Kitty_ Such a pity, these MC's think they hangin with me Catch me on Japanese MTV with Mos Diddy [ CHORUS ] Kweli is next to be up, so I suggest you re-up Or freeze up like you hear shots Now I can trace the tracks of all the teardrops Of every single MC in earshot I fear not or none, number one Ichiban, none, number one, ichiban None, number one, ichbinan, no-no-no-no-no... Here we go, one, two, come on Here we go, one, two, come on Yo, I'm out Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli + Makeba Mooncycle Album: Tags of the Times Version 2.0 (Compilation) Song: Lunchroom Classics Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yo, fourth period, everybody meet me in the lunchroom I'm saying, the Drum Society comin in there You know I'm saying, Hi-Tek gonna be there I think Makeeba gonna be there too (Yo Kwa!) Know what I'm saying, ah man, ah man Definitely, definitely-definitely-definitely Yo, yo-yo-yo, yo... Reflection Eternal, Makeba Mooncycle [Makeba Mooncycle] Yo-yo, Yo-yo, I come before ya bearing skills Get you off like cheap thrills Some may deny me, because of lack of faith I bring true lyrics, straight to your face Here's a brand new testament, written by me Co-written by Makeba and Eternal Kweli (Kweli) Constant meditation last longer than duration Proper education is mind levitation To stimulate quite simple I clear all paths like Christ and the temple [Talib Kweli] Coming with the skills that's essential To even mention Brooklyn as the residential Ugh, the pictions be graphic Cause how we be livin is tragic So I take your imagination and I stretch it like elastic Ugh, some people treat oppurtunity like a blunt and pass it I see the mic as my oppurtunity and so I grab it (hold it) Mentally I live lavishly I cherish the heredity That's preparin me to be a revolutionary till they bury me Carry me in your thoughts forever The way I put words together you treasure Ay-yo, whatever the weather instead of clever I'm better Cause I seize the time with reason and rhyme [Makeba Mooncycle] Sometimes I flip the different flavors This old school mama came ta save ya Cause I'm to old to scold, better I like, ya know, puttin hearts on hold But pay ya hand for the fold Waiting to be taught, here's a whiff of holy breath I bring pain to your chest LET'S CIVILIZE THE PEOPLE Hang up your petty egos I've got a shield on my back cause people carry blades (true) Getting caught off guard leaves you in a shallow grave Now here comes the ruler of the night, better known as the moon Bobbin with J-Rawls animated like a 'toon Chorus: Kweli and Mooncycle [T.B.] This for the kids cuttin up in the lunchroom [Both] I pulled your card like spades   and spit with major shit   The ill pitch you afraid to hit, it's like that [M.M.] Here we go [T.B.] Here we go [M.M.] Come on [T.B.] Uh, come on *repeat from here we go* *repeat all* [Talib Kweli] This song is like a baby being born (yes) It'll stay in your head long after I'm physically gone Then the rest of the flesh is left for the vulture Makin me the anti-hero of the counter-culture Do you remember what you was doin when you first heard this? [Makeba Mooncycle] I was singin to my sis, that's deeper than abyss It took the French to kiss, German demolish Feed the world from my breasts, a written conquest Lyrics are like permanent stains Now you're usin' both sides of your brain Cause you never should go against the grain Acting like puppets, I own the string Addicitive like coke, is the real thing Check out the wisdom, that I bring Church bells are ringin Its the truth I'm speakin Freak it like Sodom and Gomorrah Check my holy ora, the reflection in my order Causes me to slaughter Disect like biology, cover the Earth like water [Talib Kweli] It's like sometimes cats like wanna be all up in your psychology No stoppin me or my man Hi-Teknology Follow me through global economies, start thinkin logically Be passionate you gotta be, your soul is your property On that you could place a bet before I make you face your death Make you rectrace your steps to exact place you slipped (Right there) To battle would be a waste of breath But see you chasin rep and you got hit so hard they had to replace your chest You on the floor carrowing, turn your punk ass over You see me towering, my mic grip tighter than the boa You microscopic like protozoa or amoebas Slower than molasses so they call you special Makeba, yo, what they want, a medal? Chasin crimes like Hantzel and Gretel when the dust settle Every one of these cats who got gas like pedals, got deflated J-Rawls, Makeba, Kweli anticipated New shit cause your style's so old it depreciated {*echoes*} You lost your value, money Chorus [Both] I pulled your card like spades   and spit with major shit   The ill pitch you afraid to hit, it's like that [M.M.] Here we go [T.B.] Here we go [M.M.] Come on [T.B.] Uh, come on *repeat from here we go* *repeat all* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Dante (Mood) Album: The Unbound Project (Comp.) Song: Human Element Typed by: Stephen.Ruszczyk@NERA.com [Talib Kweli talking] The other day I was walking, passing NYU on the way to  meet my pops, you know, and this white boy stops me, talking  'bout, he be in the National Socialist something or other,  trying to sell me a paper and, give me some, uh, Free Mumia  pamphlets. So you know I'm in a hurry, right, and I told him,  right, and he tried to check me, like 'Have you ever even heard  of the Black Panthers, and Mumia was fighting so you could go to  college, and...' All this, and I'm like, "Dude, you don't even know  me, man. I don't even fucking go here, man. I know who the fuck Mumia is, man. Innocent niggas get locked up every day, man.  That ain't nothing new..." But, yo, on the other hand, you tell some brothers Mumia's on  death row, and they think he's making records with Suge Knight.  I don't know, man, I guess it just really where you at you know what I'm sayin'...Bust it.  [Talib Kweli] Niggas on the street running like slaves Trying to eat, yo, we averages Twenty one years from the graves, back to baby carriages The same hypocrites screaming pro-life and marriages Be using religion to justify our savageness 'How bad is this?' You and the creator need a mediator Your priest is human Your relationship with God is greater The men who think they hard Steady issuing death penalties The people got no right to life cause they all slaves mentally You turned'Thou Shall Not Kill' into a sham of a commandment Your interpretation I cram to understand it Like light So if America is majority white Then the prison's 'Another Country' like James Baldwin Blacks and latinos all in the system Like it's a calling to fall in the trap That's why our blocks are infested with drugs and gats In fact, cats on death row cause the way they think is illegall One thing you can't forget when you're dealing with people [Chorus 4x] The Human Element (scratched) "Done some things bad, done some things good" -> Kurupt [Dante] I done walked on these streets 24 revolutions Gon' start for play me more just from raw evolution Fucking up your system like P&D pollution Staten niggas free be in (?) institutions It's the term of the century Ohio got twenty seven penitentiaries And get forty four thou' for each entity See a nigga on the street, snatch him instantly Here come the infantry, they shoot to kill intentionally word is you could be disturbed mentally Police balk, but that's business officially What you thought, they supposed to show sympathy We born enemies, they sworn to get ridda me Protect to serve, you gotta be kidding me Eventually, my conscious state made 'em contemplate The price of freedom is your life man you compensate Now think that all the way through, and let me commentate And every common state be seem to dominate And man accomodate laws they abominate Through bars to combinate And guards to confrontate Souls are irrevelant In cells like melanin Judge without intelligence Chorus 4x [Talib Kweli] My nigga starving in prison for bartering with ism You tell me which is civilization and which is barbarism He fell into the traps he knew was put here by the system Some people got the knowledge, but they never apply the wisdom If you ain't got it, then replicate it Or join the growing ranks of the ill-fated Slated to be publicly humiliated If you ain't the problem, then the solution you have to be We'll start a hoodlum intelligence agency like tragedy We majesty, stay focused with thought and meditation Deviling this Babylon with strength and dedication Like that, and we don't stop My A of life gon' remain on top It's the Reflection, and we got the sureshot And we only drop that pure hip-hop This goes out to freedom fighters, graffiti writers Innocent lifers, grassroots organizers This goes out to single mothers Soul bad brothers Young lovers of the revolution that solutions This goes out to cats raising babies The the ones who react, say, when the world get crazy Blaze one for the MOVE organization Ramona Africa, and those that know truth is liberation Chorus 2x Hi-Tek put it on 'em Free Mumia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kenn Starr, Asheru & Talib Kweli Album: You Don't Know The Half Compilation Song: If Typed by: deetrain24@aol.com [Hook 2x] It wasn't for this, it wasn't for that Ohh, best believe a better world [Talib Kweli--talking over chorus] Yes, ladies and gentleman You do have Kenn Starr in the house, Asheru Talib Kweli... [Kenn Starr] If it wasn't for the way that we live Too many single mothers raisin' our kids Too many brothers caged in the Pen Engagin' a bid, enslaved by the pigs If it wasn't for crooked cops that pop shots grazin' our wig That sends slugs reckless, plus these thugs with a death wish That take your life for the ice that flood in your necklace The blood of the helpless and innocent (and innocent) If it wasn't for so-called friends that turned Benedict Snakes in the grass and crabs in the lake Cuz I'm black and its late, getting' harassed by the Jake Blasted with eight times five, plus one Lethal deposit, reach for your wallet, they bust guns That's why I trust none and I keep to myself I can't blame cats that pack heat in they belt And quick to clap, never givin' in If it wasn't for this and that It'd be a better world that we livin' in Hook 2x [Asheru] If it wasn't for a mic check I wouldn't have a check at all Nowadays you can't live that way The markets way too unstable, there's too many pimp labels Playing rappers like a ho, manhandlin' the dough Demandin' them to go on a track to bring the loot back Now you playing for the team and the captain, that's cream You got the dream to push a mean two-seater With a diva riding shotgun, just to say you got one You make the songs, but labels only want the hot ones Send you back to the drawing board, until you got some Now I guess we got problems Even your all-creative mind ain't enough to try and solve 'em The doors revolvin', younger cats are starvin' They want it more than you, might go to war with you To reap the heap of dough that's at the end of the rainbow You can't be mad, man, that's how the game go Hook 2x [Talib Kweli] (talking) (yeah, c'mon!) (yea, here we go, yeah!) I'm about to show you what this black power is Red, black, and green on the wrist how I live In the cold world where we bust off the black llamas Every winter where we lose more son to black mommas If hip-hop got seasons, right now its spring Like when everybody selling death, "kiss the ring" (yeah!) You know how it goes, people change color like autumn Kids learn through experience, fuck what a teacher taught 'em Puff a relief for boredom; rough will release a quarter And the parents who paid enough attention to at least ignore 'em Blowing up mics, throwin' up signs To help niggaz you confusin' it with cryin' The winners write the history books Mystery looks past prisoners of war, that's what my listeners are for Turn the tide on this fuckery, ride on this fuckery You shoulda never let me in the industry, you're stuck with me Hook 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Fear Not of Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (* - means "In the Name of God, the Most Merciful, the Most Compassionate") [Mos Def] Bismillah ir Rahman ir Raheem * If you can hear me ladies and gentlemen then I'm very happy that you came here.. Ooh-ooooooooooohhhh, ooh-ooooooooooooooohh-WHEEEEE!!! That was for Brooklyn.. Ha ha, we get it everytime You got me on? Ohh Shout out to all of my crew, East-West, North-South All the continent, Europe, all abroad international Bring it in, bring it in, bring it in, bring it in It's a lot of things goin on y'all 21st century is comin 20th century almost done A lot of things have changed A lot of things have not, mainly us We gon' get it together right? I believe that Listen.. people be askin me all the time, "Yo Mos, what's gettin ready to happen with Hip-Hop?" 	(Where do you think Hip-Hop is goin?) I tell em, "You know what's gonna happen with Hip-Hop? Whatever's happening with us" If we smoked out, Hip-Hop is gonna be smoked out If we doin alright, Hip-Hop is gonna be doin alright People talk about Hip-Hop like it's some giant livin in the hillside comin down to visit the townspeople We +are+ Hip-Hop Me, you, everybody, we are Hip-Hop So Hip-Hop is goin where we goin So the next time you ask yourself where Hip-Hop is goin ask yourself.. where am I goin? How am I doin? Til you get a clear idea So.. if Hip-Hop is about the people and the.. Hip-Hop won't get better until the people get better then how do people get better? (Hmmmm...) Well, from my understanding people get better when they start to understand that, they are valuable And they not valuable because they got a whole lot of money or cause somebody, think they sexy but they valuable caause they been created by God And God, makes you valuable And whether or not you, recognize that value is one thing You got a lot of socities and governments tryin to be God, wishin that they were God They wanna create satellites and cameras everywhere and make you think they got the all-seein eye Eh.. I guess The Last Poets wasn't, too far off when they said that certain people got a God Complex I believe it's true I don't get phased out by none of that, none of that helicopters, the TV screens, the newscasters, the.. satellite dishes.. they just, wishin They can't really never do that When they tell me to fear they law When they tell me to try to have some fear in my heart behind the things that they do This is what I think in my mind And this is what I say to them And this is what I'm sayin, to you check it All over the world hearts pound with the rhythm Fear not of men because men must die Mind over matter and soul before flesh Angels for the pain keep a record in time which is passin and runnin like a caravan freighter The world is overrun with the wealthy and the wicked But God is sufficient in disposin of affairs Gunmen and stockholders try to merit my fear But God is sufficient over plans they prepared Mos Def in the flesh, where you at, right here on this place called Earth, holdin down my square Bout to do it for y'all, and y'all at the fair So just bounce, come on bounce B-b-bounce b-bounce b-bounce-bounce And just..  .. just step two three Just step two three and step two.. two three and.. One two three and four One two three and four Once again All over the world hearts pound with the rhythm Fear not of men because men must die Mind over matter and soul before flesh Angels for the pain keep a record in time which is passin and runnin like a caravan freighter The world is overrun with the wealthy and the wicked But God is sufficient in disposin of affairs Gunmen and stockholders try to merit your fear But God is sufficient over plans they prepared Mos Def in the flesh, where you at, right here on this place called Earth, holdin down my square Bout to represent in your whole atmosphere Bout to represent in your whole atmosphere to your atmosphere, to your atmosphere Oh-ooooooohhhhhhhhhh! That was for you - and Brooklyn too! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Hip Hop Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com You say one for the trebble, two for the time Come on y'all let's rock this! You say one for the trebble, two for the time Come on! Speech is my hammer, bang the world into shape Now let it fall... (Hungh!!) My restlessness is my nemesis It's hard to really chill and sit still Committed to page, I write rhymes Sometimes won't finish for days Scrutinize my literature, from the large to the miniature I mathematically add-minister Subtract the wack Selector, wheel it back, I'm feeling that (Ha ha ha) From the core to the perimeter black, You know the motto Stay fluid even in staccato (Mos Def) Full blooded, full throttle Breathe deep inside the trunk hollow There's the hum, young man where you from Brooklyn number one Native son, speaking in the native tongue I got my eyes on tomorrow (there it is) While you still try to follow where it is I'm on the Ave where it lives and dies Violently, silently Shine so vibrantly that eyes squint to catch a glimpse Embrace the bass with my dark ink fingertips Used to speak the king's English But caught a rash on my lips So now my chat just like dis Long range from the base-line (switch) Move like an apparition Float to the ground with ammuntion (chi-chi-chi-POW) Move from the gate, voice cued on your tape Putting food on your plate Many crews can relate Who choosing your fate (yo) We went from picking cotton To chain gang line chopping To Be-Bopping To Hip-Hopping Blues people got the blue chip stock option Invisible man, got the whole world watching (where ya at) I'm high, low, east, west, All over your map I'm getting big props, with this thing called hip hop Where you can either get paid or get shot When your product in stock The fair-weather friends flock When your chart position drop Then the phone calls.... Chill for a minute Let's see whoelse tops Snatch your shelf spot Don't gas yourself ock The industry just a better built cell block A long way from the shell tops And the bells that L rocked (rock, rock, rock, rock...) *scratching* Hip Hop is prosecution evidence The out of court settlement Ad space for liquor Sick without benefits (hungh!) Luxury tenements choking the skyline It's low life getting tree-top high Here there's a back water remedy Bitter intent to memory A class E felony Facing the death penalty (hungh!) Stimulant and sedative, original repetitive Violently competitive, a school unacredited The break beats you get broken with on time and inappropriate Hip Hop went from selling crack to smoking it Medicine for loneliness Remind me of Thelonius and Dizzy Propers to B-Boys getting busy The war-time snap shot The working man's jack-pot A two dollar snack box Sold beneath the crack spot Olympic spnosor of the black glock Gold medalist in the back shot From the sovereign state of the have-nots Where farmers have trouble with cash crops (woooo) It's all city like phase two Hip Hop will simply amaze you Craze you, pay you Do whatever you say do But black, it can't save you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Love Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Mos Def] They say the goodness in life belongs to those who believe So, I believe...YES! [Chorus] 2x I start to think, and then I sink Into the paper, like I was ink When I'm writing I'm trapped in between the line I escape when I finish the rhyme (aiyyo) My pops said he was in love when he made me Thought about it for a second, wasn't hard to see I could hear he was sincere, was a game of promotion The entire affair's probably charged wit emotion But love call your heart, I guess you got to persue 12-11-73 my life is testament Praise the beneficent, element that rest Devoid in the form that make love manifest I spent my early years in Roosevelt Project It was a bright valley wit some dark prospects In '83, Venny C was the host wit the most I listened to the Rap Attack and held the radio close I listened to the Rap Attack and held the radio close This is far before the days of high glamour and pose Aiyyo power from the street light made the place dark I know a few understand what I'm talkin about It was love for the thing that made me wanna stay out It was love for the thing that made me stay in the house Spendin time, writin rhymes Tryin to find words that describe the vibe That's inside the space When you close yo' eyes and screw yo' face Is this the pain of too much tenderness To make me nod my head in reverence Should I visit this place and remember it? To build landmarks here as evidence Night time, spirit shook my temperment To write rhymes that portray this sentiment We live the now for the promise of the infinite We live the now for the promise of the inifinite And we believe in the promise (love, love *repeated*) Yes yes y'all and we don't stop because Chorus I got love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E to MC  Get love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E I MC  Get love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E to MC  Get love, L-O-V-E and I be The M-O-S-D-E-F-initely Check it out y'all, feel me out y'all Feel me out y'all, hear my out y'all Check me, out y'all Feel me out y'all, check it out y'all Now hear out (bounce) y'all Check me out y'all, feel me out y'all Check me out y'all, feel me out y'all Feel me out y'all (hear me bounce y'all) Check me out y'all, check it out y'all My folks said they was in love when they had me I take they love they made me wit to make rhymes and beats (Can you feel?) The raw deal, it's all wheel-driven Contemplate the essence of beats, rhymes and living Speech in line wit the rhythm, designed wit the rhythm Ears and eyes keepin good time wit the rhythm I shine wit the rhythm, the Black Star Gallactica Big number fleetin, we ancient like the Abbacca's After us, I see most proceed to be trees Sproutin leaves, given breeze to the we who believe I MC, which means I Must Cultivate the earth Back straight backs, hard beats and hard work I be the funky drummer to soften the hard earth (Amin) Pray Allah keep my soul and heart clean (Amin) Pray the same thing again for all my team This go out to Fort Greene and on out to Queens Uptown to Boogie Down, yo just look around AND SHOOK UP THE WORLD!, like Ali in 6-3 (right) I'm reachin the height that you said cannot be I'm bringin the light but you said we can't see Saw the new day commin, and it look just like me Some burst through the clouds, my photo ID I bring light to your day and raise yo' degree The Universal Magnetic, you must respect it From end to beginning, ? true and livin EVERY CHANGING, it was a state of magnificent Building it now for the promise of the infinite Building it now for the promise of the inifinite because Chorus I got love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E to MC Get love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E to MC Get love, L-O-V-E and I be Love, L-O-V-E to MC Get love, L-O-V-E and I be The M-O-S-D-E-F-initely The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Ms. Fat Booty Typed by: machiavelli112@usa.net (sung) I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget [Mos Def] - speaking over sung vocals Man.. for real I was in love with this girl, y'know I was.. to' up dog! I'm tellin you man She was wild man.. f'real It's just too.. let me tell you about her [Mos Def] Yo, in she came with the same type game The type of girl givin out the fake cell phone and name Big fame, she like cats with big thangs Jewels chip, money clip, phone flip, the six range I seen her on the ave, spotted her more than once Ass so fat that you could see it from the front She spot me like paparazzi; shot me a glance  in that catwoman stance with the fat booty pants, Hot damn! What's your name love, where you came from? Neck and wrist blazed up, very little make-up The swims at the Reebok gym tone your frame up Is sugar and spice the only thing that you made of? I tried to play it low key but couldn't keep it down Asked her to dance she was like "Yo, I'm leavin now" An hour later, sounds from Jamaica She sippin Crys straight up, shakin, windin her waist up Scene two: my fam throwin the jam Fahreed is on the stand big things is in the plan The brother Big Mu makes space for me to move in Hey, this my man Mos, baby let me introduce; I turn around Say word! You was the same pretty bird who I had priorly observed tryin to play me for the herb (Yeah, that's her) Shocked as hell she couldn't get it together I just played it long and pretended I never met her "How you feelin?" "Oh I'm fine." "My name is Mos." "I'm Sharice. I heard so much good about you it's nice to finally meet." We moved to the booth reserved for crew especially And honey love ended up sittin directly next to me I'm type polite but now I'm lookin at her skeptically Cause baby girl got all the right weaponry Designer fabric, shoes, and accessories Chinky eyes, sweet voice is {*fucking*} with me mentally We conversated, made a laugh, yeah you know me bro Even though I know the steelo, she wild sweet yo I'm bout to merc, I say peace to the family She hop up like "How you gonna leave before you dance with me?" [hook 2X - sung] I know I can't afford this life For a moment That its too soon To forget [Mos continues speaking through sung hook] She blew my whole head with that dude, I was like "What?" I played it low though, I was like "Yeah, aiight, c'mon then, let's go" It's mad, the shit is so sick, I'm tell you Yo, honey was so blazin, she was just.. Yo, she was like Jayne Kennedy, word bond To my mother man, she was that ill man She take me to the dance floor and she start whisperin to me [Mos Def] Yo, let me apologize for the other night I know it wasn't right, but baby you know what its like Some brothers don't be comin right I understand, I'm feelin you Beside, can I have a dance?' ain't really that original We laughed about it, traced her arms across my shoulder blades They playing lovers' rock, I got the folded fingers on her waist He end my butt up like the Arizona summer song Finished then she whisper honey, let's exchange numbers' Scene three: weeks of datin late night conversation In the crib heart racin, tryin to be cool and patient She touched on my eyelids, the room fell silent She walked away smilin singing Gregory Issacs Like if I don't, if I don't, if I don't' Showin me that tan line and that tattoo Playin Sade, "Sweetest Taboo" Burnin candles, all my other plans got canceled Man I smashed it like an Idaho potato She call my at my J.O., come now', I can't say no Ginseng tree trunks, rockin the p-funk Cocking her knees up, champion lover not ease up Three months, she call I feel I'm runnin a fever' Six months, I'm tellin her I desperately need her Nine months, flu-like symptoms when shorty not around I need more than to knock it down I'm really tryin to lock it down Midnight we hook up and go at it Burn a stogger, let her know, sweetheart I got to have it She tellin me commitment is somethin she can't manage Wake up the next morning, she gone like it was magic Ahh damnit! This all Harrison Ford frantic My 911 wasn't answered by my fly Taurus enchantress Next week, who hit me up, I saw Sharice at the kitty club With some banging ass Asian playin lay it down and lick me up What!? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Speed Law Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com [Watch it] Relax, pump the brakes You're speeding money You'll smash your whole shit up [slow down] Lights be changing fast on these streets money, slow down [slow down] Sleeping on the wrong cats Clear like a megaphone Pretty nigga heart skipped the metronome Rocked the Trump Tower to the terrordome Poor house to pleasure domes Soprano, alto, tenor to baritone MOS DEF one of the illest that you ever known Rock steady baby, you a stepping stone Smash your foundation into pebbles My words leave your nerves unsettled You take it to the next level down Looking like a circus clown Cats like you can't even get a pound Worldwide from the river to lakeside My stage show stay live, make the sound man stage dive I cut fat cats to eight lives with my eight ball lines I'm home 'fore I'm done with all nine Got you shook like a fault line Come all shine and get tarnished Brooklyn got your pay roll garnished They form a huddle Whisper like they want trouble I melt the ice grills into rainwater puddles Make the proud-hearted leave on the humble Black steel in the hour Assemble my skill form my power My poems crush bones into powder You mumble like a coward I'm Mos Def, you need to speak louder SUPER HEREOS! Get your power, your masks and capes snatched Brooklyn take what you can't take back I know a lot of cats hate that All I can say black There's a city full of walls you can post complaints at All the doubters and believers adjust your receivers "I feel it," you can taste it through the speakers The three six oh-riginal sketch lyrics so visual They rent my rhyme books at your nearest home video Tell them cats they need to sit back and observe where they at Brook-nahm Vietnam The heat is on Put your joint on cruise Try to rush you scuff your brake shoes, just cool and relax Take a breath, take ten paces back Stay on time Omegas Brooklyn patrol like interstaters Take their license and their registration papers My joint's so passionate Make you peal out and mash your shit Get wild cold crash your whip Front chassis wrecked, but ock you can't be too upset Tow truck got my tape in the deck I'm permanent like tattoos and birth marks Third degree burn marks Driving on tracks like Dale Earnheart Stay on the low like the earth spot Put a big loss on your earn chart Nice since the nurse signed my birth chart Seldom seen but often heard, while your jams is barely heard Just my name is a daily word >From avenues to streets, terraces and park places Stair wells, jail cells, penthouse to basements Arrangement basic, but still fans chase it Y2K can't delete the true ancient Apache war drum on the ranges Skill level dangerous Arrow head that killed all the cavemen They cry John-Blazing, but step on the pavement And get violated like a plaintiff I ain't shit to play with I give a Goddamn what your name is Delete it and make it so it never get repeated Believe it Tell the feds, tell your girl, tell your mother Conference call you wack crew and tell each other That they just ain't holding me I'm Mos Def, your hopefully Mush off or you get bust off like a ovary Tell them cats they need to ease back and observe where they at Brook-nahm Vietnam The heat is on Put your joint on cruise In a rush you scuff your brake shoes, just cool and relax Take a breath, take ten paces back Brook-nahm Vietnam The heat is on, no off-ramp or detour Make these gassed up jokers observe the speed law Make these gassed up clowns observe the speed law Make these gassed up clowns observe the speed law Cause they speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin, speedin Relax Slow down, you better chill money Lights be changing fast on these streets dude Smash your whole shit up You better cool out money It ain't like that out here Look at these cats man, it's funny man He probably just got that car About to fuck your whole shit up Speed laws out here money Knight riding cats In control like interstaters, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, Stay the.. FUCK off the road, money!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Do it Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Back up, back up, back up, back up Back up back up back up back up EASE off This goes out to all area crew (yes yes) To my BK crew (ooh-OOOOOOOH-WHEEE) to my QB crew My LI crew, my Shaolin crew My Dirty South crew (What cha'll niggaz about the Dirty South?) Atlanta, North Cakalak' For all my fam, all area crew (AOWWWWWWWWW) Yeah mon!! Yes, the first cut should be the deepest to penetrate beyond the muscle wall's inner regions First you was icin me, connect with the starin at the speakers Heard the rhyme, head high, what ya starin at ya sneakers You shy now, got a lot of things on your mind now You don't feel fly now, you huntin the exit sign down Fuck what you heard, cause I snatch the grapevine down (yea yeah) Don't understand how I ran the line down, rewind now [Busta Rhymes] YO!! We be the most magnetic, so athletic Leave your peeps on the side so they can watch you and your mans get it Take the arch rivalry stance up on the podium And give the flavor to niggaz but keep it low on sodium Posess shit that got you wonderin how we holdin em Things that'll lay you out like a piece of linoleum Bring who-ever you want, we bout to bug son and bounce down to Henry Hudson, after I bust one! [BR]	Yo Mos Def! [MD]	Alright okay [BR]	How you feel? [MD]	Feelin great [BR]	Whatcha want? [MD]	I wan' do it to death, whassup wit you? [BR]	You know my steez [MD]	True indeed [BR]	Say it loud [MD]	Black and proud 	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! 	Bus-a-Bus [BR]	What-a-gwan? [MD]	How you feel? [BR]	Feelin GREAT! [MD]	Whatchu want? [BR]	I wanna do it to death, whattup wit you? [MD]	You know my steez [BR]	True indeed [MD]	Say it loud [BR]	Black and proud [MD]	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! [Mos Def] Hay dios mio, me and Bustarimo es peligro The two hottest negroes en Los Estados Unidos Hotter than Reno when discovered by Bugsy Siegal I'm black like Don Cheadle shoutin power to the people My rhymes dipping like the lifeline on the e-boat The raw sugar cane, NutraSweet, never Equal If you in a Benzito or your mother's Buick Regal I get up like Chino shoutin power to the people!! [Busta Rhymes] Yo, me and the Mighty Mos shine like a light post Live nigga shit be straight FUCKIN UP THE WHITE FOLKS That's why they with it now, because niggaz like me and you we did it now, brought it to that level so they GET IT NOW We graduated saturated the game now Infatuated with the fame now let me explain how we doin this, at any time or any place ready willin and able let's get the dough secure the FOOD ON THE TABLE [BR]	Ay Mos Def [MD]	Oh my God.. [BR]	How you feel? [MD]	I'm feelin great [BR]	Whatcha want? [MD]	Wanna do it to death, whassup wit you? [BR]	You know my steez [MD]	True indeed [BR]	Say it loud [MD]	Black and proud 	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! 	Bus-a-Bus [BR]	Rhymes Galore! [MD]	What the deal? [BR]	Feelin GREAT! [MD]	Whatchu want? [BR]	Wanna do it to death, WHATTUP wit you?! [MD]	You know my steez [BR]	True indeed [MD]	Say it loud [BR]	Black and proud [MD]	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! [Mos Def] From East West North and South I got joints for all of those Heavy aquatic water flows keep them on they toes Tell them thugs that wanna be CEO's to be derobed 'Fore I wear your little dumb ass out like Easter clothes! [Busta Rhymes] Yo, yo-yo yo-yo It's like a freak show, soon as my heat blow Sometime I speak slow so people understand my street flow And while we keep it hot, we got the most shine up in this WHOLE SHIT, me and Mos spit and blow the show quick [Mos Def] WATCH OWT! Your pussy sound get bucked Souf Mos 'n Bussa Rhymes too bad man-a-shutout WATCH OWT! Give a damn whut fancy car ya hop owt Shut down your game like da NBA lockout [Busta Rhymes] Ya betta WATCH OWT! I'm bout to black on niggaz like I'm blowin on a sax, blowin my gats on niggaz Blowin my raps on niggaz - now let me mash out We fatter than the biggest ass chicks pokin they ass out! [BR]	Hey Mos Def [MD]	Magnetism [BR]	How you feel? [MD]	Feelin great! [BR]	Whatcha want? [MD]	I wan' do it to death, whassup wit you? [BR]	You know my steez [MD]	True indeed [BR]	Say it loud [MD]	Black and proud 	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! 	Bus-a-Bus [BR]	Woo-HAH! [MD]	How you feel?! [BR]	Feelin GREAT! [MD]	Whatchu want? [BR]	I wanna do it to death, WHATTUP wit you?! [MD]	You know my steez! [BR]	True indeed [MD]	Say it LOUD! [BR]	Black and proud! [MD]	Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate 	Do it now! [Mos Def] What what, we got to do it, do it We got to do it, do it, make me do it, do it What.. wha-what-what, we got to do it, do it Make me do it, do it Do it do it do it now! What what, we got to do it, do it Do we do it, do it, do it, ah do it now! What what, we got to do it, do it Got to do it, do it Do it now! AOWWWWWWWWWWWW! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Got Typed by: TrueWise@prodigy.net Some cats really like to, you know... Profile and front. And then the jooks go down, all at once they like... Don't get mad Don't get mad Don't g-g-g-g-g-get mad (repeat 3x) You're out on the block hustling at the spot... GOT, this is how you get Got... At the gamblin' spot and your hand is mad hot... GOT, this is how you get Got... Out in Brooklyn late night flashing all of your rocks... GOT, this is how you get Got... Some girl from pink house said "I like you a lot"... GOT, this is how you get Got... This one goes to all them Big Will cats With ice on they limbs and big rims on they Ac You goin' around town with your system bump And your windows cracked low to profile and front Now I like to have nice things just like you But I'm from Brooklyn, certain shit you just don't do Like, high postin' when you far from home Or like, high postin' when you all alone Now, this would seem to be clear common sense But, cats be livin' off, sheer confidence Like "Fuck that, picture them tellin' me run that" But acting invincible, just ain't sensible It's nineteen ninety-now, and there's certain individuals Swear they rollin' hard and get robbed on principle 5 star general, flashin' on your revenue You takin' a ride on the Downstate medical, Like (whooooooo) Colorful sparks, yellow and blue A full on attack and it's happening to you Wit' nothing you can do but bust back and cop a plea But five of them and one of you, that equals Got to me... Don't get mad Don't get mad Don't g-g-g-g-g-get mad (repeat 3x) Come on ya'll now, let's be real Some jokers got a rough time keepin' it concealed I wonder what it mean, it's probably self-esteem They fiendin to be seen, get hemmed like Gaberdeens Cats think it can't happen until the gats start clappin They comin' down the wire spittin fire like a dragon Cause while the goods glisten, certain eyes take position To observe your trick, and then catch that ass slippin' Like, come on now ock, what you expect? Got a month's paycheck danglin' off your neck And while you Cristal sippin', they rubbin' up they mittens With heat in mint condition to start the getti-gettin' They clique starts creepin' like Sandinistin guerrillas You screamin' playa haters, these niggas is playa killers Mr. Fash-ion, that style never last long The harder you flash, the harder you get flashed on There's hunger in the street that is hard to defeat Many steal for sport, but more steal to eat Cat's heavy at the weigh-in, and he's playin' for keeps Don't sleep, they'll roll up in your passengers seat There is universal law, whether rich or poor Some say life's a game, to more, life is war So put them egos to the side and get off them head-trips 'Fore some cats pull out them heaters and make you head-less... Don't get mad Don't get mad Don't g-g-g-g-g-get mad (repeat 3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Umi Says Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com I don't wanna write this down, [world... premiere] I wanna tell you how I feel right now [world... premiere] I don't wanna take no time to write this down, [world... premiere] I wanna tell you how I feel right now, hey [world... premiere] Tomorrow may never come For you or me Life is not promised Tomorrow may never show up For you and me This life is not promised I ain't no perfect man I'm trying to do, the best that I can, With what it is I have I ain't no perfect man I'm trying to do, the best that I can, With what it is I have Put my heart and soul into this song [yes yes] I hope you feel me >From where I am, to wherever you are I mean that sincerely Tomorrow may never come For and me Life is not promised Tomorrow may never appear You better hold this very moment very close to you [right now] Very close to you [right now] So close to you, So- close to you [your moment in history is right now!] Don't be affraid, to let it shine My Umi said shine your light on the world Shine your light for the world to see My Abi said shine your light on the world Shine your light for the world to see  [I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] My Abi said shine your light on the world  [Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] Shine your light for the world to see  [Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] My Umi said shine your light on the world  [Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] Shine your light for the world to see  [Want black people to be free, to be free...] Sometimes I get discouraged I look around and, things are so weak People are so weak Sometimes, Sometimes I feel like crying Sometimes my heart gets heavy Sometimes I just want to leave and fly away [fly fly fly, like a dove] Sometimes I don't know what to do with myself [ow!] Passion takes over me I feel like a man Going insane Losing my brain Trying to maintain Doing my thang Hey hey hey hey hey Put my heart and soul into this y'all I hope you feel me Where I am, to wherever you are [ha ha ha ha] Sometimes I don't want to be bothered Sometimes I just want a quiet life, with Me and my babies, me and my lady Sometimes I don't want to get into no war  [Black people to be free, to be free...] Sometimes I don't wanna be a soldier Sometimes I just wanna be a man, but Umi said shine your light on the world Shine your light for the world to see My Abi said shine your light on the world Shine your light for the world to see  [I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] My dreamers(?) said shine your light on the world  [Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free] Shine your light for the world to see  [Want black people] My elders said shine your light on the world [Hey hey] Shine your light for the world to see I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free All my people to be free, to be free, to be free Oh black people to be free, to be free, to be free Oh black people to be free, to be free, to be free That's all that matters to me (x7) Black people unite and let's all get down Gotta have what, Gotta have that love Peace and understanding One God, one light One man, one voice, one mic Black people unite come on and do it right Black people unite come on and do it right Black people unite come on and get down Gotta have what, Love, peace and understanding One God, one voice, one life One man, gon' shine my light Black people unite, now hop up and do it right Black people unite, now come on and do it right Yeah baby that's what I like Yeah baby that's what I like Yeah baby that's what I like... [Black people, my people....] ______________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: New World Water Typed by: Combo7@aol.com [Mos Def] There's nothing more refreshing (that cool refreshing drink) Than a cool, crisp, clean glass of water  On a warm summer's day (That cool refreshing drink) Try it with your friends New World Water make the tide rise high Come inland and make your house go "Bye" (My house!) Fools done upset the Old Man River Made him carry slave ships and fed him dead nigga Now his belly full and he about to flood somethin So I'ma throw a rope that ain't tied to nothin Tell your crew use the H2 in wise amounts since it's the New World Water; and every drop counts You can laugh and take it as a joke if you wanna But it don't rain for four weeks some summers And it's about to get real wild in the half You be buying Evian just to take a fuckin bath Heads is acting wild, sippin poor, puffin dank Competin with the next man for higher playin rank See I ain't got time try to be Big Hank,  Fuck a bank; I need a twenty-year water tank Cause while these knuckleheads is out here sweatin they goods The sun is sitting in the treetops burnin the woods  And as the flames from the blaze get higher and higher They say, "Don't drink the water! We need it for the fire!" New York is drinkin it (New World Water) Now all of California is drinkin it (New World Water) Way up north and down south is drinkin it (New World Water) Used to have minerals and zinc in it (New World Water) Now they say it got lead and stink in it (New World Water) Fluorocarbons and monoxide Push the water table lopside  Used to be free now it cost you a fee  Cause oil tankers spill they load as they roam cross the sea Man, you gotta cook with it, bathe and clean with it (That's right) When it's hot, summertime you fiend for it (Let em know) You gotta put it in the iron you steamin with (That's right) It's what they dress wounds and treat diseases with (Shout it out) The rich and poor, black and white got need for it (That's right) And everybody in the world can agree with this (Let em know) Consumption promotes health and easiness (That's right) Go too long without it on this earth and you leavin it (Shout it out) Americans wastin it on some leisure shit (Say word?) And other nations be desperately seekin it (Let em know) Bacteria washing up on they beaches (Say word?) Don't drink the water, son they can't wash they feet with it (Let em know) Young babies in perpetual neediness (Say word?) Epidemics hopppin up off the petri dish (Let em know) Control centers try to play it all secretive (Say word?) To avoid public panic and freakiness (Let em know) There are places where TB is common as TV  Cause foreign-based companies go and get greedy The type of cats who pollute the whole shore line Have it purified, sell it for a dollar twenty-five Now the world is drinkin it Your moms, wife, and baby girl is drinkin it Up north and down south is drinkin it You should just have to go to your sink for it The cash registers is goin "cha-chink!" for it Fluorocarbons and monoxide Got the fish lookin cockeyed Used to be free now it cost you a fee Cause it's all about gettin that cash (Money) Said it's all about gettin that cash (Money) (x9) Johny cash (Money) Roseland cash (Money) Give me cash (Money) Cold cash (Money) (Repeat to fade) Cash rules everything around me, Move! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Rock N Roll Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Make me wanna HOLLA.. aowwWWWWWWWWWWWWW! 	"Ah.. ah-ah, ah-ah.. ah-ah, ah-lert the squad.." Rock and roll 	"Ah.. ah-ah, ah-ah.. ah-ah, ah-lert the squad.." Hehehe, rock and roll 	"Ah.. ah-ah, ah-ah.. ah-ah, ah-lert the squad.." Whoahhhhh-oh, oooh-weee-oooh 	"Ah.. ah-ah, ah-ah.. ah-ah, ah-lert the squad.." Whoahhhhh-oh (Huh) My grandmomma was raised on a reservation (Huh) My great-grandmomma was, from a plantation They sang - songs for inspiration They sang - songs for relaxation They sang - songs, to take their minds up off that fucked up situation I am... yes I am... the descendant (yes yes) of those folks whose, backs got broke who, fell down inside the gunsmoke (Black people!) Chains on they ankles and feet I am descendants, of the builders of your street (Black people!) Tenders to your cotton money I am.. hip-hop 	"It's heavy metal for the black people" I am.. rock and roll (rock and roll.. rock'n'roll) BEEN HERE FOREVER! They just ain't let you know.. (HA!) I said, Elvis Presley ain't got no soul (huh) Chuck Berry is rock and roll (damn right) You may dig on the Rolling Stones But they ain't come up with that style on they own (uh-uh) Elvis Presley ain't got no SOULLLL (hell naw) Little Richard is rock and roll (damn right) You may dig on the Rolling Stones But they ain't come up with that shit on they own (nah-ah) Guess that's just the way shit goes You steal my clothes and try to say they yo's (yes they do) Cause it's a show filled with pimps and hoes Tryin to take everything that you made or control (there they go) Elvis Presley ain't got no SOULLLL Bo Diddley is rock and roll (damn right) You may dig on the Rolling Stones But they ain't the first place the credit belongs Say whoahhhh-oh (don't take it) oooh-weee-ohhh (black music) whoahhhh-oh (don't take it) oooh-weee-ohhh (black music) whoahhhh-oh (Jimi Hendrix say) oooh-weee-ohhh (black music) whoahhhh-oh (Albert King and) oooh-weee-ohhh (and Motown) (huh) I ain't tryin to diss but I don't be tryin to fuck with Limp Bizkit 	"The fuck is on your mind?" When I get down in my zone I be rockin Bad Brains and Fishbone I ain't tryin to slow your groove But that ain't the way I'm tryin to move I don't turn on Korn to get it on; I be playin Jimi Hendrix 'til the dawn That's my word is bond Sittin up on my front lawn Got the volume turned to ten Playin Albert King the best again (black) When the mornin in the cooker Got to turn on some John Lee Hooker When I want some rock and roll Go to Otis Redding to get some soul Say, James Brown got plenty of soul James Brown like to rock and roll He can do all the shit fo' sho' that Elvis Presley could never know (black people) Said, Kenny G ain't got no SOULLLL John Coltrane is rock and roll (uh-huh) You may dig on the Rolling Stones but they could never ever rock like Nina Simone Say whoahhhh-oh (don't take it) oooh-wee-ohh (black music) whoahhhh-oh (don't take it) oooh-weee-ohhh (black music) whoahhhh-oh (don't take it) oooh-weee-ohhh (black music) whoah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh "ah-lert the squad.." {*MUSIC PICKS UP PACE AND GETS LOUDER*} Who am IIIIiiiiiiiiIiiiII, HUH! GET YOUR PUNK ASS UP! ELVIS PRESLEY AIN'T GOT NO SOUL JIMI HENDRIX IS ROCK AND ROLL YOU MAY DIG ON THE ROLLING STONES BUT EVERYTHING THEY DID THEY STOLE ELVIS PRESLEY AIN'T GOT NO SOUL BO DIDDLEY IS ROCK AND ROLL YOU MAY DIG ON THE ROLLING STONES BUT WE SEND THEY PUNK ASS HOME Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii (ROCK AND ROLL) Who am IIIiiiiiiiiiii!!! Say, rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! Who am I? Rock and ROLL! GET YOUR PUNK ASS UP!!!!!!! Company, MOVE!!! For Harlem, Fort Greene, Compton East St. Louis, Detroit (BO BO) Chicago (BO BO) Bed-Stuy (BO BO) Flatbush (BO BO) Brownsville (BO BO) East New York (BO BO) Newark New Jersey (BO BO) Illadelphia Cincinatti Atlanta the Dirty South All towns GET YOUR PUNK ASS UP!! 	"Rock and roll for the black people" Hi ma.. 	"Well that was just wonderful" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Talib Kweli Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Know That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Hey, hey, heyyy man I Strike the Empire Back.. I Strike the Empire Back.. Fuck the Empire!! High flyin like the Millenium Falcon, piloted by Han Solo I never roll for dolo, frontin on me's a no-no Understand? Doin this for my family Ha ha, check it out y'all Yo I'm tryin to make a dollar out of what makes sense Add it up, told my daddy I'd be a rich man You never know when your fate gon' switch hand Get today's solid ground out of yesterday's quicksand I was a young boy -- who dreamt about being a big man on small looseleaf sheets I sketched a big plan Gotta handle business properly, boost up my economy Store it up and get my mom some waterfront property Yesterday was not for me but nowaday it's time for me The streets is watchin me, I watch back, that's the policy Movin along my oddesey like blood through the artery Navigate the treacherous and make it seem effortless Let those who make the exodus seekin the North beacon from beatin and hog-eatin, from punishment all season from hands cracked and bleedin -- cotton thorns in your palms It's for y'all that I sketch these songs, and it goes.. Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow I fear no man, because faith is the aarow My vocal chord travel worldwide to block narrow We can blow with the ammo or go mano-a-mano Kweli is you wit me? (Whattup whattup?) Let's make it happen I *BURN* through your argument with action My eyes stay fastened to tomorrow lookin for a brighter day When y'all wanna leave y'all? Right away Shout it out from East-West (from South to Northern) From Cakalak' (to California) From the coldest (to the warmest) To the borders ('cross the waters) understand.. 	".. and know that I love you.." We got love in the place Shout out to all the Queens (all the Seeds) To all the teams (that's gettin cream) From outlaw (to emcee's) Make it happen (do your thing) understand.. 	".. and know that I love you.." Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen [Talib Kweli] Guess who? The illest MC in the atmosphere, yeah the Soul Controller who roam the frontier like a Buffalo Soldier I follow the code of honor like a real man gonna Never disrespect no women cause I love my momma These cats be givin us praise but it ain't that accurate I give it up to God, all that, love and attachment, get scary well-prepared with the shears when it get hairy like how these niggaz is lookin like some fairies  and singin like canaries to the beast and anybody who will listen to em clearly Y'all don't hear me though, even when I'm comin through in stereo You make a mockery of what I represent properly Yo why you startin me? I take that shit straight to the artery Intellectual property I got the title and the deed I pay for rent, with the tears and sweat, and what I bleed MC's imitate the way we walk, the way we talk You cats spit lyrical pork with no spiritual thought Plus your flow a little bit off, you come across soft Back in the days, niggaz like that on stage got tossed off Need to get crossed off the guestlist It's like you gotta be disrespected and thrown out the exit to get the message Sometimes your sunshine get snatched like a necklace when you get too drunk on power and your drive get reckless Check it, MC's in my face after I slug you then I hug you If I gotta dead you know it's only cause I love you [Mos Def] Shout it out from East-West (from South to Northern) From the richest (to the poorest) To the elders (in the coffins) Livin native (dyin for it) understand.. 	".. and know that I love you.." Yea, yea, we got love in the place Shout out from up top (to the middle) To black bottom (SKY HIGH) Whether you colder than December or hotter, than July It don't stop 'til we complete this (".. and know that I love you..") keep this fly It's so much to life when you just stay black (10X) My people, my people, my people people p-people (8X) My PE-ople, oh-oh-OH-oh-OHH, oh-OHH... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Climb Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com La La La [humming...] People climbed into the night like space suits People stepped into the night like moon boots Marching like moon troops In their zoot colored zoot suits People climbed into the night like cool wells Shiney bottles in their hands Drinking their new selves They say it's their true selves People climbed up in the night like green trees They were hanging from the night like green leaves Buzzing like queen bees People climbed into the night like space suits People stomped inside the night Stomping and stomping and stomping and stomping and stomping Where are they going? What's the rush? Everybody in the place was so out of touch Hey Night-time is when the things get heavy You feel alone and you want somebody Loneliness whispers desperate measures And your frantic all by yourself Night-time is when the things get heavy You feel alone and you want somebody Loneliness whispers desperate measures Baby don't make no fast moves Baby don't make no fast moves Baby don't make no fast moves Baby don't make no fast moves- Tonight La La La [humming...] People stomped inside the night Let me climb into the night... Let me climb... [vamp to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Brooklyn Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *part one* [Mos Def] Hey hey, ha ha say what say what Ha ha bust it yo Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner Sometimes I feel like my only friend Is the city I live in, is beautiful Brooklyn Long as I live here believe I'm on fire hey Cuz it's the B-the-R-the-O-the-O-K L-Y-N is the place where I stay The B-the-R-the-O-the-O-K Best in the world and all USA It's the B-to-the-R-the-O-the-O-K L-Y-N is the place where I stay The B-to-the-R-the-O-the-O-K Place where I rest is on my born day Bust it, sometimes I sit back and just reflect Watch the world go by and my thought connect I think about the time past and the time to come Reminesce on Bed-Stuy when I was pride and young I used to try and come, to the neighborhood function Throw on my Izod, say a little something When I was just a youngin, before the days of thuggin How me and Charlie Chims (aiyyo what?) I'm only buggin Fast forward, Nine-Now I gotta team my seed I must proceed at God's speed to perform my deed Livin the now space and time, round the nine to five For as long as I'm alive, paw I got to strive I ain't sittin roadside, that ain't part of the plan I'm out here for my fam doin all that I can I love my city, sweet and gritty in land to outskirts Nickname Bucktown cause we prone to outbursts Philosophy we define as: "touch mine, I touch back" Walk the streets like a sweet and get beat like drum tracks Catch no shakes over jakes (boomp-boomp!) we bust back Bring the marty to your face wit no place to run back I'm from the slums that created the bass that thump back This ain't a game clown, play ya James Brown and jump back What you want, Jack? Young cats stash they jums at Draw they guns back, momma screams where she sons at Tryin to hunt that, recurring dream of high stakes the fourth largest, first hardest, Brooklyn is the place settled by the dutch many years ago  Three million strong and here we go *part two* [Mos Def] GOOD MORNINNNNNNNNNGG VIETNAM!!! Ha (back up back up back up back up back up)*repeated in background* Yo sometimes I sit back, reflect on the place that I live at Unlike any place I ever been at The home of big gats, deep dish hammer rim caps Have a mishap, push ya wig back Where you go to get the fresh trim at 400 Jay got the Timb rack Blue collars metro carding it Thugs mobbin it, form partnership  Increase armorment, street pharmacist Deep consequence, when you seek sleek ornaments You get caught, rode the white horse and can't get off Big dogs that trick off just get sent off They shoebox stash is all they seeds gotta live off It's real yo but still yo, it's love here And it's felt by anybody that come here Out of towners take the train, plane and bus here Must be something that they really want here One year as a resident, deeper sentiment Shoutout "Go Brooklyn!", they representin it Sittin on they front stoop sippin Guinesses Usin native dialect in they sentences From the treeline blocks to the tenaments to the Mom & Pop local shop businesses Travel all around the world in great distances And ain't a place that I know that bear resemblance That's why we it The Planet Not a borough or a province our style is uncommon from some that are targets to Layfayette Gardens Wyckoff Gowanus in they army jacket linings Yo this goes out to my cats in Coney Isle Friday night out in front The Himalaya goin wild This goes out to Crown Heights and Smurv Village The nighties, and all my yarda trini Brown's Village Parkside tennants caught, thirties, forties, and the fifties The cats out in Starite City gettin busy To the Hook, to the East, to the Stuy Bushwick and Canarsie, Farragut, Fort Greene, and Marcy My Flatbush posse, generals of armies When it's time to form, just call me And let this song be, playin loud in Long B If you love Bucktown STRONGLY! RAISE IT UP! *part three* [Mos Def] Brooklyn my habitat, the place where it happen at Live sway and the sharp balance of the battle axe Irons is brandished at, thugs draw they hammer back It's where you find the news tool crew cameras at It's where my fam is at, summertime jame is at They play Big and get you open like a sandal back Hotter than candle wax, hustlin you can't relax The crack babies tryin to find where they mama's at It's off the handle black, wit big police scandals that Turn into actions screenplays sold to Miramax The type of place where they check your appearance at And cats who know where all the hot 'lo gear is at The stompin grounds, where you find a pound, smoke is that Be blazin charm that have your wave cap floatin back The doorstep where the disposessed posted at Dope fiends out at Franklin Ave sellin zovarax You big ballin better keep your money folded back Cuz once the young guns notice that it's over, black Brooklyn keep on takin it, worldwide we known for that Flossy cats get it snatched like the local tax The place I sharpen up my baritone vocals at  Where one of the greatest MC's was a local cat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Habitat Typed by: kir4l@hotmail.com (Chorus) We all got to have, a place where we come from This place that we come from is called home We set out on our travels, we do the best we can We travel this big earth as we roam We all got to have, a place where we come from This place that we come from is called home And even though we may love, this place on the map Said it ain't where ya from, it's where ya at (verse one) I come up in the street around some real wild brothers With more than one name and more than one baby mother More than one chase, been on more than one run Got more than one enemy and more than one gun *Speaks foreign language* While these cats that's less privileged is just more raw Less space cause the projects laced with more flaws Less sleep cause the nights ain't peace, it's more war The can is raw like thirsty, rainy season thunder claps On the block with your old pop pleading number act To the spot with the red top fiends is huddled at To the crib where the little kids spend their summers trapped With the jungle cats, lions and tigers, leopards and cheetahs For gazelle you get chased like a zebra, they blaze cheeba-cheeba And dominate the weaker on the street Hungry bellies only love what they eat and it's hard to compete When they smile with your heart in they teeth And the odds is stacked high beyond and beneath Son i been plenty places in my life and time And regardless where home is, son home is mine (chorus) Some people live out in-New York City Some people live out in-Atlanta Some people got to live-Chicago Some people do live-Miami All my people at-California And other people got to live-London And everybody got to live in the whole big world Together just you and me (verse two) When i think of home, my remembrance of my beginning Laundromat helping ma dukes fold the bed linen Chillin in front my building with my brother and them Spending nights in Bushwick with my cousins and them Wise town and Beat Street, federal relief Slowly melting in the morning grits we used to eat Sticking to your teeth and teeth is hard to keep With every flavor Now & Later only a dime apiece Old timers on the bench playing cards and thangs Telling tales about they used to be involved in things Start to drinking, talking loud, cussing up and showing out On the phone, call the cops, pick'em up, move'em out And it's all too common to start wildin I'm a pirate on an island seeking treasure known as silence And it's hard to find Block parties in dark lobbies Funeral homes packed but only dark bodies I can't sleep hardly, stirred up like Bob Marley Marley Marl played the symphony, remember we recall Son i been to many places in my space and time and whatever my home is, son home is mine. (chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Mr. Nigga Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com Say ho, everybody say ho By the way yo I said shake your soul like way back in the day-yo By the way yo, everybody say ho Everybody say hooooo- hooo Everybody say ho And check it out now Who is the cat eatin out on the town And make the whole dining room turn they head round Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk Who be ridin up in the highrise elevator Other tenants who be prayin they ain't the new neighbor Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga They try to play him like a chump cause he got what they want He under thirty years old but already he's a pro Designer trousers slung low ccause his pockets stay swoll' Could afford to get up and be anywhere he go V.I.P. at the club, backstage at the show (Yes y'all) the best crib, the best clothes Hottest whips on the road neck and wrists on froze (say word) Checks with O's o-o-o-o-ohs Straight all across the globe watch got three time-zones Keep the digital phone up to his dome Two assistants, two bank accounts, two homes One problem; even with the O's on his check The po-po stop him and show no respect "Is there a problem officer?" Damn straight, it's called race That motivate the jake (woo-woo) to give chase Say they want you successful, but that ain't the case You livin large, your skin is dark they flash a light in your face Now, who is cat dining out on the town Maitre'd wanna take a whole year to sit him down Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk Now, who is the cat at Armani buyin wears With the tourists who be askin him, do you work here? Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga Nigga Nigga Yo, the Abstract with the Mighty Mos Def White folks got it muffled across beneath they breathe "I didn't say it.." But they'll say it out loud again When they get with they close associates and friends You know, sneak it in with they friends at the job Happy hour at the bar while this song is in they car And even if they've never said it, lips stay sealed They actions reveal how their hearts really feel Like, late night I'm on a first class flight The only brother in sight the flight attendent catch fright I sit down in my seat, 2C She approach officially talkin about, "Excuse me" Her lips curl up into a tight space Cause she don't believe that I'm in the right place Showed her my boarding pass, and then she sort of gasped All embarrassed put an extra lime on my water glass An hour later here she comes by walkin past "I hate to be a pest but my son would love your autograph" (Wowwww.. Mr. Nigga I love you, I have all your albums!..) They stay on nigga patrol on american roads And when you travel abroad they got world nigga law Some folks get on a plane go as they please But I go over seas and I get over-SEIZED London Heathrow, me and my people They think that illegal's a synonym for negro Far away places, customs agents flagrant They think the dark face is smuggle weight in they cases Bags inspected, now we arrested Attention directed to contents of our intestines Urinalyis followed by X-rays Interrogated and detained til damn near the next day No evidence, no appology and no regard Even for the big american rap star For us especially, us most especially A Mr Nigga VIP jail cell just for me "If I knew you were coming I'd have baked a cake Just got some shoe-polish, painted my face" They say they want you successful, but then they make it stressful You start keepin pace, they start changin up the tempo Now, who is cat riding out on the town State trooper wanna stop him in his ride, pat him down Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk Now, who is the cat with the hundred dollar bill They gotta send it to the back to make sure the shit is real Mr Nigga, Nigga Nigga Nigga Nigga.. Nigga You can laugh and criticize Michael Jackson if you wanna Woody Allen, molested and married his step-daughter Same press kickin dirt on Michael's name Show Woody and Soon-Yi at the playoff game, holdin hands Sit back and just bug, think about that Would he get that type of dap if his name was Woody Black? O.J. found innocent by a jury of his peers And they been fuckin with that nigga for last five years Is it fair, is it equal, is it just, is it right? Do you do the same shit when the defendent face is white? If white boys doin it, well, it's success When I start doin, well, it's suspect Don't hate me, my folks is poor, I just got money America's five centuries deep in cotton money You see a lot of brothers caked up, yo straight up It's new, y'all livin off of slave traders paper But I'm a live though, yo I'm a live though I'm puttin up the big swing for my kids yo Got my mom the fat water-front crib yo I'm a get her them pretty bay windows I'm a cop a nice home to provide in A safe environment for seeds to reside in A fresh whip for my whole family to ride in And if I'm still Mr Nigga, I won't find it suprisin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Black on Both Sides Song: Mathematics Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Booka-booka-booka-booka-booka-booka Ha hah You know the deal It's just me yo Beats by Su-Primo for all of my peoples, negroes and latinos and even the gringos Yo, check it one for Charlie Hustle, two for Steady Rock Three for the fourth comin live, future shock It's five dimensions, six senses Seven firmaments of heaven to hell, 8 Million Stories to tell Nine planets faithfully keep in orbit with the probable tenth, the universe expands length The body of my text posess extra strength Power-liftin powerless up, out of this, towerin inferno My ink so hot it burn through the journal I'm blacker than midnight on Broadway and Myrtle Hip-Hop past all your tall social hurdles like the nationwide projects, prison-industry complex Broken glass wall better keep your alarm set Streets too loud to ever hear freedom sing Say evacuate your sleep, it's dangerous to dream but you chain cats get they CHA-POW, who dead now Killin fields need blood to graze the cash cow It's a number game, but shit don't add up somehow Like I got, sixteen to thirty-two bars to rock it but only 15% of profits, ever see my pockets like sixty-nine billion in the last twenty years spent on national defense but folks still live in fear like nearly half of America's largest cities is one-quarter black That's why they gave Ricky Ross all the crack Sixteen ounces to a pound, twenty more to a ki A five minute sentence hearing and you no longer free 40% of Americans own a cell phone so they can hear, everything that you say when you ain't home I guess, Michael Jackson was right, "You Are Not Alone" Rock your hardhat black cause you in the Terrordome full of hard niggaz, large niggaz, dice tumblers Young teens and prison greens facin life numbers Crack mothers, crack babies and AIDS patients Young bloods can't spell but they could rock you in PlayStation This new math is whippin motherfuckers ass You wanna know how to rhyme you better learn how to add It's mathematics Chorus: scratched by DJ Premier (repeat 2X) 	"The Mighty Mos Def.." 		"It's simple mathematics" -> Fat Joe 	"Check it out!" 		"I revolve around science.." 	"What are we talking about here?" .. "Do your math" -> Erykah Badu (2X) .. .. "One.. t-t-two.. three, four" -> James Brown .. .. "What are we talking about here?" .. [Mos Def] Yo, it's one universal law but two sides to every story Three strikes and you be in for life, manditory Four MC's murdered in the last four years I ain't tryin to be the fifth one, the millenium is here Yo it's 6 Million Ways to Die, from the seven deadly thrills Eight-year olds gettin found with 9 mill's It's 10 P.M., where your seeds at? What's the deal He on the hill puffin krill to keep they belly filled Light in the ass with heavy steel, sights on the pretty shit in life Young soldiers tryin to earn they next stripe When the average minimum wage is $5.15 You best believe you gotta find a new ground to get cream The white unemployment rate, is nearly more than triple for black so frontliners got they gun in your back Bubblin crack, jewel theft and robbery to combat poverty and end up in the global jail economy Stiffer stipulations attached to each sentence Budget cutbacks but increased police presence And even if you get out of prison still livin join the other five million under state supervision This is business, no faces just lines and statistics from your phone, your zip code, to S-S-I digits The system break man child and women into figures Two columns for who is, and who ain't niggaz Numbers is hardly real and they never have feelings but you push too hard, even numbers got limits Why did one straw break the camel's back? Here's the secret: the million other straws underneath it - it's all mathematics Chorus {closing scratch} "Mathematics.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: The Boogie Man Song Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com [Mos Def] Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem {In The Name Of God, The Most Merciful, The Most Compassionate} What it is, what it is, what it is What it is What it is, what it is, what it is What it is See me, want me, give me, trust me Feed me, fuck me, love me, touch me This whole world is cold and ugly What we are is low and lovely I am the most beautiful boogie man The most beautiful boogie man Let me be your famous nightmare Close your eyes and ill be right there While...Open...All...Over...A-gain See me, touch me, give me, want me Feed me, fuck me, trust me, love me This whole world is cold and ugly What we are is low and lovely I am the most beautiful boogie man The most beautiful boogie man Let me be your famous nightmare Close your eyes and ill be right there While...Open...All...Over...A-gain...Ag-ain Ag-a-in(Fades Out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Ghetto Rock Typed by: BobbyBrouchete@yahoo.com [Intro: Mos Def] Hello Children [Chorus 1: Mos Def] Black Jack Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G Sun and the moon, earths, stars, and planets Before song done y'all goin' all understand it [Verse 1: Mos Def] Like - Hot The haters can't fuck with it 'Cause they mom and they sister and girl in love with it (and they niggaz) Sound man holla black COME WITH IT Sping the record 'till the record done spinning Up top is you getting up with it? Dirty dirty is you getting cronk with it? Smokey smoke from coast to coast Be carefull our first draw be that overdose Who stay holding it from Brooklyn? YOU KNOW IS MOS! Ha, Jackpot I (Sing yo) got to go for broke Is this the only way the Smith Family now to go Right here to my youngest one is older folks Im'ma put down like a dirty so and so Freak daddy came here to work the mojo - oh Because the - high is high and the low is low And that goes for the sinner man to holy folks Put your shit in the sky like I know you - oh [Brooklyn stand up!] Ha, my ghetto nation get toe to toe Stay rocking steady steady 'cause I told you so And after y'all get it go I let it go some more That Black Jack about something for sure) for sure [SAY WHAT!] For sure for sure [HA!] Let me see you in the world making your shoulder role And if it get good tell your nigga throw your 'bows [Chorus 2: Mos Def] 'Cause we are so ghetto Yes we are rock and roll Yes we are so ghetto Yes we are rock and roll Yes we are so ghetto Yes we are rock and roll Yes we are so ghetto Yes we are - rock and motherfucking roll (WOOOO!) [Verse 2: Mos Def] Ha, I am a fighter and a lover I'm the freaky baby daddy, I'm a bad motherfucker I'm the earth, wind, fire, and the thunder I said I am, go ask my mother You don't believe that shit believe what you want to Alright, OK, So, Shut-up! Speak language come straight from the gutter Observe the terms that we trade with one and other Like - what's good, what's popping, what's cracking What it is, how you living, what's happening Work songs that the slaves sang back then The playground chants, with little girls claping [Chorus 2: Mos Def] + (Girls chanting) Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G Son and the moon, earths, stars, and planets Before the song done y'all going all understand it Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G Son and the moon, earths stars and planets Before the song done y'all going all understand it [Outro: Mos Def] SPACE! GIMME THE SPACE! BACK UP, GIMME THE SPACE!!! LET A NIGGA ROCK! GIMME THE SPACE! LET A NIGGA ROCK! LET A NIGGA ROCK, HA! This is the sound Ghettos rock This is the sound Ghettos rock This is the sound Ghettos rock This is the sound Ghettos rock This is the sound Ghettos rock This is the sound Ghettos rock and - MOTHERFUCKING ROLLLLLLLLL! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Zimzallabim Typed by: headwinfilipe@hotmail.com [intro] Yeah Give it to 'em yes,yes,yes,yes,aha ah! Ghetto people..this one's for you And you and you and you And you and you in the front yo! Jack Johnson (aha) live and stompin Undisputed heavy weights champ (aha) of the world [Verse 1] Yo I'm live with it, low, middle, the high with it And that's how I'ma live and die with it Hold up and down your spine with it Like Zimzallabim, Jack Johnson, yes my dog, right with them! The most special, most ghetto, most method, most valuable Rep my avenue like is the damn state capital Coming shadows to mind, a better mark of rapeness On slaves who high jacked the slave ships The hackers who remapped the matrix And built the road back to basics And getcha all off that strain shit You know this other cats run game with, it's tainted Consider this the moment that changed it: NOW! Jack john's stand strong never bow down Back off or get clapped dog right about POW For east to the west,up north to down south We show you how to REALLY make moshpit bounce Show you how the gritty make the ghetto wild out First letters that I wrote when I sketch the script down I'M LIVE WITH IT low, middle, the high with it And that's how I'ma live and die with it I shine with it, rhyme with it, reveal and recognise with it The ghetto know what time is it, when i spit it Me 9-semi, an iron lion strike with it See Dr. Know string a knot and make 'em ride with it And look alive Ghetto rock with me Look alive Ghetto rock with me Aha yeah Throw it up Ghetto rock with me Show it up Ghetto rock with me [Verse 2] Born to rock, since my pawn shift rise (??) Rock the booze water on any bully on your block My flow tighter than a big titties halter top Doper than a floyd flake that they bought they pops Since I bright a con duke of course I'm not My sharp mind join the dots and blow they plots A lot of cats talk noise a lot, but then the noise is stopped When the heavy sound voice in charge And this is no limp bizkit this is jack's fat cock loaded up slightly back, ghetto black rock Brooklyn got bomb-rush that you can't stop These the hungry hands that gon snatch your cash box I never gave a second what on "the fuck is with y'all?" Cuz my first thought covered it all YOU WHACK!!! And I don't care what you sound since not mumblin y'all Cause you can't do me nothing at all Which means, you can't shine my shoes watch my drawers Clean my cloth walk my dog moan my loan On other words dude I don't need SHIT from them All I got is hard rhymes and hot spit for them And yeah, I got the country new (raaatttttt) for them See how dark it can get for them? Tell their mommas THAT'S IT for them Get the flowers, they'll sing for them A sad story how it'll end for them That's what you get for not listenin' FIRE!! And a long rest in kumbayah You stand strong you can't move higher You move in "how we all can move higher?" Ready to roll like new tire Well I can show you who the true lion True power move quiet thru the understandin of the science [Outro] We live with it, no middle, the high with it And that's how we gon live and die with it Now ride with it Yeah, ghetto rock with me Ghetto rock with me Ghetto rock with me Ghetto rock!! Ghetto... MOTHERFUCKERS! Freaky radio! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: The Rape Over Typed by: byrannewell@yahoo.com (Boogie man business) Listen Old white men is runnin this rap shit Corporate force's runnin this rap shit Setae israli is runnin this rap shit We poke out the ashes for a chance to cash in Cocaine, is runnin this rap shit Dro, 'gnac and E-pills is runnin this rap shit The rape over, turn your face over nigga No god in disguise it's me, game over Hey lil souljahs you're ready for more? But don't ask what you're fighting for They thought that you sur--vived the gunfight, the drama, the stress You get in the line of fire we get the big ass cheques You gettin your choice to pimp Make your choice and fall in This is ho stroll B I, take that cock in your behind, Beatch Hit the streets and perform for us Hold hard and bring it on to us, fucker I let you sip, comes an army, get a Mercedes And kick back and let you pay me, my Mack is crazy I leave the, knife and fist fight filled with glamour Yeah, take a picture what this platinum plated sledgehammer We over-do it add the fire and explosion to it We're so confused so we run rap music MTV, is runnin this rap shit Viacom is runnin this rap shit AOL and Time Warner runnin this rap shit We poke out the ashes for a chance to cash in Cocaine, is runnin this rap shit Hennessey, is runnin this rap shit Quasi homosexuals is runnin this rap shit Watch out we run the world That's it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Blue Black Jack Typed by: btripp33@yahoo.com Black Jack Was a fighting man Black Jack Was a mighty man You stand them up He knock them out Yeah Yeah Thats the real You set them up He knock them down Yeah Yeah Thats the deal Now sing them high HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY Up in the sky Whoa, Oh, Whoa, Whoo Break it down low Whoa, Whoa Break it off slow Whoa, Whoa Then shout it out Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Hey, Hey Who dat boogie man There dat boogie man Tackidy Tackidy Tap Tap Tap Holdin' bread in hand Go head work that band Go head work it say Talkin' the talk and walkin' the walk Is what daddy do they say Wear those pretty clothes Drive them pretty cars You a super hero You a super star You a super man Go head fly yo cape Blowin' in the wind Let it touch the hand Stand and fight and win Snatch the crown again Wit' yo mighty swing And yo flashy smile Let them see the light You so black and bright You so bright you black Shinin' you cryin' to fight them back Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah (repeats) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: New Danger Song: Bedstuy Parade & Funeral March Typed by: jemima2002@adelphia.net * * send corrections to the typist Turn the drums up Turn my vocals, too I hear myself a lil more Yeah More [7x] Moto [9x] Nice [5x] Moto moto still [3x] Yeah [3x] Nice [7x] Good Uh huh You waited up a lil bit for me Yeah [3x] Bedstuy Parade & Funeral March for fighters and lovers how [11x] I can't stand you I just love you I got somethin to give you but I don't want to the one I wanna be close to but I can't touch you cuz I can see you but I can't see good cuz you keep me crying oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo My gangsta woman Sweet gangsta woman Pretty gangsta woman Little killa woman Sweet gangasta woman Pretty killa woman Sweet gangsta woman Gangsta haha how [10x] Gangsta [6x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Sex, Love & Money Typed by: headwinfilipe@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Sex love and money, fun Brooklyn,. Sex love and money, get up, come Danger!! You are now rockin with the best Black darts exclusive, fire in the dark Fire in the dark, ghetto let this spark! [Verse 1] Huh! Freaky black beauty with the party pal Where you work it out got me fiendin'--bam! I hit the G ready for the street Heavy, ghetto sweet breezing through the evening --bam! I'm on the lounge path for the warm blast Got the john shaft cocked back and loaded --bamm! I beat it, word john! Body awesome Is the way that you come that got me goin--bam I'm on the back streets rollin I'm playin back all the magic moments, don't front You know I got'cha,know I got'cha You sneaky freaky, but I know about'cha, know about'cha You straight dope, I can't do without'cha, go without'cha Lay back and relax you mind I'm bout to; double the doses in half the time Ha! Master physical, master mind You play it quiet but in private that ass is mine, huh! We body rockin the last of time And then we, we body rockin the last of time And then we, body rockin the last of time And then we, her body rockin huh, her body rockin Now shell on 1 deep it ain't nobody steppin Honey shell on 10 deep it ain't nobody steppin Thousand shell or hundred deep, I'm there the body rockin, come on! I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star I wanna show you luv, I just can't help myself I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star I wanna show you luv, I just can't help myself Whoooa...whaaa ohh whaaa! Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black Freaky freaky black, freaky freaky black Sex love and money, fun Brooklyn, Sex love and money --come Fun-- temperature's risin [Verse 2] Freaky black beauty pretty purse and blouse Where you took it out got me leanin'--bam! I hit the streets easy in my seat Lighting on my feet breezy like the evening --bam! I'm on the lunch pack feel the warm blast Boogie john shaft cocked and loaded --bamm! Top and bottom, Body awesome is the way that you come that got me goin --bam! I'm on the back roads rollin (rollin) I'm playin back all the magic moments, don't front She know I got'cha,know I got'cha You sneaky freaky, but I know about'cha, know about'cha You goog hurricane,go without'cha, go without'cha Lay back and relax you mind I'm bout to, double the doses in half the time, huh! Master physical, master mind You play it quiet but in private a-ha a-ha!, huh! We body rockin the last of time And then we, we body rockin the last of time And then we, we body rockin the last of time And then we, the body rockin huh, the body rockin huh The body rockin huh, the body rockin huh, the body rockin huh The body rockin says, DON'T STOP THE BODY ROCK! I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star I wanna show you luv, I just can't help myself I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star I wanna show you luv, I just can't help myself Whoooa...whaaa ohh whaaa! Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black Freaky freaky black, freaky freaky black Sex love and money, fun Brooklyn, sex love and money --come Fun-- temperature's risin DANGER!! Ain't gotta say no more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Sunshine Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com [Intro: Mos Def] + (Sample) (Let the sun shine) Yeah yeah its a brand new day y'all (Let the sunshine in) Turn me up in the top a little bit dog Little do you know, y'all gonna hear this one(The suns shinin') Loud and clear, bright and early Listen.. [Verse 1: Mos Def] I don't hate players, I don't love the game I'm the shot clock, way above the game To be point blank with you motherfuck the game I got all this work on me, I ain't come for play You can show the little shorties how you pump and fake But dog, Not to def, I'm not impressed I'm not amused, I'm not confused, I'm not to dude I'm grown man business, and I am not in school Put your hand down youngin' this is not for you On my +J.O.+ with beats by Kan-ye yo My name on the marquee, your name off the payroll Style fresh, like I'm still a day old And it's been like that since the day yo On more time than a Roley, or Seiko Step on deck, your neck do what I say so Get up or get out, get down or lay low [Chorus 1: Mos Def] + (Sample) (Let the sun shine) Standing in the shadow of a fabulous man Brooklyn nigga I am, Black Dante (Let the sunshine in) That nigga, that dude Black People, Lets Move (The suns shinin') Shout out to my man Talib Kweli, yes We on top-a top-a, shout-a shout-a Check it out.. [Verse 2: Mos Def] + (Sample) Slim nigga that casts a big shadow Cherokee red to shoot the long arrow Got more skill, more aim, and more ammo You can get it all from a big or small barrel Like, hail Mary, full of grace Niggaz come in and shoot up the place And make you pull up your face The deck, I'm a pull out the ace From the jungles of the empire state where it ain't no escape, 247, 718 And thats like every night, every day From the place that I settle and stay To the states, I'm collecting my pay Blast off then I'm back to the K Hold it down so my family straight Represent in a family way Pro ball not for amateur play Been raw since the amateur stage Before the press had the cameras raised [Chorus 2: Mos Def] + (Sample) (Let the sun shine) Like a long time man of the way You understanding me straight (Let the sunshine in) Yes, yes, no doubt, excellence Its what it is, what it is And thats what it is, you see?(The suns shinin') Ha, Fire.. [Verse 3: Mos Def] 'Cause it is deeper, sweeter, richer, crisper Stronger reception and sharper picture Revolve around God, and involve with niggaz These elements I perform my scripture And make Mos Def a classic modern figure Brooklyn it don't matter if you holler or whisper Your coming through clan, 'cause I'm right here wit'cha Ain't gotta edit the slang, I got it, I'll get ya Yo, brothers and sisters, fathers and mothers The lovers, the leavers, the doubters, believers The stayers, the quitters, the bitches, the niggaz Rebel guerrillas the ghetto civilians Y'all 'gon feel it from the first to the millionth It's extra, ordinary and plain I walk a thousand paces of light ahead of the game By the time you get where I'm standing, I'll be gone Y'all make moves, but y'all just move on [Outro: Mos Def] + (Sample) (Let the sun shine) I move in, and y'all must move on 'Cause I move to strong And I know what my feet move for (Let the sunshine in) Made it go without a brand new car Made it fresh without a brand new song And give a fuck about what brand you are(The suns shining') I'm concerned what type of man you are What your principles and standards are You understand me y'all Be good to your family y'all No matter where your families are 'Cause everybody needs family y'all Raise a hand, you understand me y'all Everybody needs family y'all Be good to your families dog Understand, no matter where your families are Everybody needs family dog Raise a hand, you understand me pa Thats what it is...thats my man Family and my family Pencil Pete My man too, all our loved ones behind the walls All of those who still in the struggle Masada Malia, Son Dial la, Magic Mel (Let the sun shine) Life is real To all the real soldiers, black people (Let the sunshine in) We family y'all(The suns shining') Let it be bright.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Close Edge Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Pull up to ya spot on low Shine brighter than all o' them cats they got on glow Layin the cut like they not gon' know Cuz if I gotta make a move dawg they not gonna know This door marked private this is not fo' sho' It's Mos Def what you call real fo' sho' Is they what you call gangsta, hell no They get a lil' pitch and go snitch to the po' They all talk fast and they all think slow I'm Mos Definite, not think so Flood ya city with the black ink flow And my crew ain't scared to let them things go So, stop with the nonsense, like he conscious I'm just awake dog, I'm doing great dog I don't play games so I don't playa hate y'all Get it straight or get the fuck up out my face dawg I'm like the second plane that made the tower's face off That shit that let you know it's really not a game dawg Your grind and my grind ain't the same dog I'm the catalogue, you the same song So cool and ol' school like eighty-four The one your little mami windin up her waist for The name that real niggaz got they hands raised for Me and Mini got ya block yellow taped off Don't push me (get off) 'Cuz I'm close - To the streets to the beach, the bitches, the niggaz the women, the children, the workers the killers, the addicts, the dealers the quiet, the livest, the realest - And that's close Don't push me, cuz I'm close To the edge, back, middle, and front Strong back shit liftin' it up From the big and the small I'm like J. Brown +Gettin' Involved+ But when I'm lettin' off around don't get in the cross Have ya preacher man speakin' low gettin' his cross Tell 'em wild cowboy not to get off they horse Before they find out the tailon is strictly enforced It's a real bad way to get ya name in the Source Testin' the limits of a dangerous force You ended up young famous and gone Your people shoutin' out ya name in they song Pourin' liquor on the day you was born Buyin paint to put your face on a wall C'mon fall back, there's no need for all that It's all good, we all here, goin' all out (all out) All day, listen when this song say Don't push me 'cuz I'm close - To the streets to the beach, the bitches, the niggaz the women, the children, the workers the killers, the addicts, the dealers the quiet, the livest, the realest - And that's close Don't push me, cuz I'm close To the edge, back, middle, and front Strong back shit liftin' it up From the big and the small I'm like J. Brown +Gettin' Involved+ Now get yours [Hook] Boom diggy bang-di-bang-di, boom bang diggy (repeated 24x) (talking behind Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: The Panties Typed by: zneval2005@yahoo.com I just want you to Relax Ease into it Baby slow down, just take your time You and me goin' be here for a while Okay Baby don't rush this, take your time You and me goin' be here for a while Okay I got so much that I want to do I just want to be close to you Okay I got so much that I want to do That I can show you better than I can say I don't wanna be no where but here No where in this atmosphere Stratosphere, ionosphere Ain't no sphere that's bright like here I don't wanna be no where but here No where in this atmosphere I'm good where I am Baby slow down, take your time You and me goin' be here for a while Okay, hey I got so much that I want to do I can show you better than I can say Let me show you Let me show you Let me show you Let me show you Let me show you I wanna show you Let me show you Let me show you Let me show you Oh baby, you make me feel so good Come let me take you by the hand Oh baby, you make me feel so good Let me show you how Let me show you how Let me show you now Let me show it out Let me show you how I wanna show ya how Let me show ya Let me show ya Let me show ya Let me show ya Let me show ya Ohh Baby slow down just take your time You and me goin' be here for a while Okay, hey I got so much that I want to do That I can show you better than I can say Enough talk and let's move Come on, come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: War Typed by: zneval2005@yahoo.com War is a global economic phenomenon Ain't a batch of guns on where, hellfire Spittin', run up everything they hittin' Some do they job to dodge the barrage As sleek projectiles never stay bound Fire bite invades the night with light Loud, fighter planes shout shell rain When they shot to kill cops on the terrain And leave any brain that may remain stained You god damn right this war goin' too far Socialists think they converse with the stars Wars found, my find the beauty in the stars I level with death even beneath radar I level with death even beneath radar I level with death and she got pretty eyes Nobody told me death was so damn fine I go to sleep with that girl on my mind Wake up in a sea, I wanna fire in line Grab my heat, then it's get down time One day I'ma make that girl all mine But for now I'm a soldier abidin' my time Writin' my rhyme behind enemy lines Palestine, Kosovo, Cashmere No different than the avenues right here An increase in the murder rate each year Paramilitary unit keep the streets clear Curtains up on the theatre of warfare Dramatic politics nightly preformed here Worldwide from Colombia to Columbine Don holders keep ya dollar signs on the line "I don't want to rule or conquer anyone I should like to help everyone if possible Jew, gentile, black man, white We all want to help one another Human beings are like that We want to live by each other's happiness Not by each other's misery In this world, there's room for everyone And the good earth is rich And can provide for everyone a way of life" Fuck that You know the drill Fix ya face I'ma hustle off the hill Go get my money man Go get my money man See every hunter need to kill Go get my money man I'm old school from off the hill Go get my money man Go get my money man I give a fuck what I do Go get my money man Go get my money man Go get that money man Go get my money man Go get that money man Gimme my money man Gimme my money Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Fuck you, pay me Gimme the loot, Gimme the loot, Gimme the loot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Mos Def f/ Minnesota Album:The New Danger Song:Grown Man Business (Fresh Vintage Bottles) Typed by:CrabOx28@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Minnesota] Hear Me, See Me Welcome to Soundview Projects Bronx New York, 10473 Intersection action ribs touching New gutter smacks replacing the whole Dutchman Loose mamis fucking, they definite land mines Dudes with no right hustle throwing gang signs Empty in the webbings broke and underpaid Fighting federal cases with legal aids The unlit stage tonight performing lime desires to eat Can get you in a 8 by 5, the corner's younger I smell feel touch and taste they hunger Next in line to rep these street signs to they blunder Under, wiping tears from his eyes facing the felony These niggaz wanna be Pistol Pete -without the penalty His last words, promise me this much in death Don't my boy live to retrace my steps Minne- stay safe move quiet and get it If you encounter opposition get a inch from they face with It Later amigo, digest the day to end discreetly Sex money and boss My ties to hear me see me True villain Face covered, driving gloves Commit by my lonely when push comes to shove They say that grown men lay on they prey Took shorts in the street Came back and made up for that with that white sheet Revenge is best served cold Get it the same way you give it This ain't fear I just need to get away with it Son stop over here(?), you looking at me like I'm lame But I'm looking at y'all like y'all call this the drug game Grand child hosing sims Put the heroin in queens Put Pops Freeman on in the early seventies I sat in rooms with money machines Drugs sitting 3 feet off of the floor Cover the smell of the raw Chest moves like bars scale my connects untimely King Henry from 12th street flooded the Bronx in the 90's 03 scene MVP and one Accord Boss makes decision paper wins awards [Mos Def] See Me, Hear Me Welcome to Brooklyn, New York City 11206 Roosevelt Projects, wild rose water the plant Son you know what it is From the moment that you come over the bridge And if you don't ride with me I'm gonna show you some shit Ima show you where my niggaz stay sure on the mix Ima show you where the pain and the poetry is Ghetto young'ns spend a lot of time alone in the crib BET on the screen, walls and posters of BIG Hustlers getting dough sitting low on the 6 Blazing up the ambro glow over they wrist Hop in the game knowing the risk Still down to load up they clip Gamblers with hopes of rolling the trip But when you hear head crack there ain't no rolling again Snatch the dice and everything you want is going it in This how it happens, good people, bad habits, diabetics, crack addicts Asthmatics Searching for the truth leaping through the holy tablet The bible, the Q uran, or the ten crack commandments Speak on it God, What's today's mathematics The five day forecast, the Dow Jones average The price of beer, cigarettes, bread, milk and pampers Life is a test and we all got the answer The streets keep calling its hard not answer And on my government-my attribute-my all So it's only natural I holla black and respond Brooklyn stand up and make 'em all sit down (?) We do not fuck around That's what it is (All Day) That's what is Niggaz (Official, Official) That's how it is Niggaz BX, BK live all day Get with it Grown Man Business The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Modern Marvel Typed by: onepoetic@hotmail.com this desire... [Mos Def Singing] I come home high and she start to cry I can't take it.. A brand new excuse does me no use That won't make it.. She at home with the kids, this is no way to live What can I say? I know it's surreal but I'm a hard headed still Do things my way.. And it's so strong, soo strong It's like I'm dying.. Trying to hold on, my body says oh no oh out there.. Flying, the price that I pay for the game that I play Ain't no game at all.. I'm up in the clouds and I'm spiraling down Nothing breaks the fall.. And it's so strong, so strong It's like I'm dying.. Try to hold on, my body says oh no oh out there Flying.. Sounds of the sufferers pray I come home high and she start to cry I can't take it.. A brand new excuse does me no use That won't make it.. She at home with the kids, this is no way to live What can I say? I know it's surreal but I'm a hard headed still Black Dante and it's so strong.. So strong.. So strong.. So strong... I'm out there flying.. Flying.. Flying.. Flying... This game is fantastic..desire... [Mos Def Speaking] Killers..this life this life Lovers..this life this life Hustlers..this life this life Thieves..this life this life Gamblers..this life this life Niggaz..Crackers..Children..Mothers..Fathers..Lovers..Neighbors..Hungry.. Full..the beautiful..the stars..the distance..the close..the stars.. The heavens..this life The floor..this life this life The high..this life The beneath..this life this life All..all..everywhere..everywhere..anywhere..somewhere..home... Come on, this how it goes on.. Ghetto people in the world today, get up! Ha! Look alive, breathe..wooh! Ha! How it goes... [Mos Def Rapping] Mother, mother... Head in her hands Her first born son dead in her hands The whole thing was a setup, a scam They knew it was set up and planned Niggaz he worked with wet him and ran, and thas.. Brother, Brother... But son, I don't see no brother hood All I see is thugger hood Get rich and fuck the hood All they want is some good smoke from the hood Lookin for the shorty good stroke from the hood That's how they touch the hood But when I touch the hood, I'll make it brighter, black Because I'm brighter, black And I'm so black I'm bright, shine through the blackest night Shine when I'm live, shine via satellite Shout in the hood, we get the picture Cuz everytime you out in the hood, you got photographers witcha What's going on? Ha! Understand this is real life.. This how it goes on, this how it goes on... It keep going on, this how it goes on... Ghetto people look alive, get free Get involved, remain to breathe...Ha! Wooh! If Marvin was alive now, wow.. What would I say to him? Where could I start? How could I explain to him?? I know the minor world would probably look strange to him Would he feel like today had a place for him? Global imprisonment, sickness, indifference When he said, "Save the babies," was we listenin? When he said, "Mercy, mercy," did he really know.. That decades later we'd still be killin folks? Or did he hope that we would realize.. That we the first, the son of earth.. The moon and stars, the great beyond.. We black and proud, we brave and strong.. We raise it up, we quiet storm, forever fresh.. And keepin on..? Ha! Ghetto people look alive and free, ya get real.. This how it goes on, and you say you say This how it goes on, and you say you say This how it goes on.. Ghetto people look alive and free and breathe! Ha! Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat! Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat! Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat! Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Got the beat! There ain't nothin to be afraid of.. Ghetto people look alive and free, ya get real... This how it goes on This how it goes on, keep goin on.. This how it goes on Now breathe! Marvelous, marvelous, marvelous, Marvin Modern Marvel... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Life is Real Typed by: headwinfilipe@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Intro + shout outs) Boogie man, boogie man, boogie man BOOGIE MAN! (Hello children!) My whole life is real My life {*4X*} A-ha, Brooklyn you know My life {*4X*}, it's a real thang [Mos Def] Listen My whole life is real, morning news and nights is real What I spit and I write is real, cuz my life is real My own life is ILL!! filled with magic's strife to scale Sun bright, no time to chill, got all type of bills I got seeds I gotta feed with this They be needin shit, I got ex-wife beef and shit That's how deep it get My whole life is real, my whole life is ill A fantastic, a beautiful mess And life nigga in America: the usual stress I do it to the up, low, the east and the west, I Do it to most, I do it to death I do so it good they don't know what to do with theyselves Well do this: MOVE! Back, forward, mo' Life is real, let's move on [Hook] My whole life is real, morning news and nights is real What I spit and I write is real, cuz my life is ILL Filled with magic's strife to scale Sun bright, no time to chill Got all type of bills I got seeds I gotta feed with this I got streets I gotta reach with this That's how deep it get [Mos Def] My whole life is ill, my whole life is real Mornings, noon's, nights Birthdays, workdays, holidays, funerals. the usual Life is real! Sunday to Monday, school, your gunplay, politics, bullshit Life is real! Shootings, stabbing, free tray, arrest crush, kill, destroy, cheques Death. rebirth Reach the world but touch the street first Life goin in every direction but rewind Niggaz is waiting for the light to dive down On a park a hustler plays the hide out Somebody's gotta notice it's a matter of time before the world fine out The earth dry out and push the hintin to high ground,life style--Hostile Real, life real real So real, too real, news real--edited The close up block out the rest of it True evident, false measurement Crunk superstar, thug president Tricks allegiance, M-def payment ship Scribe lively, so timely,that is timeless And is lovely, and is ugly, as it must be [Hook] [Outro] My whole life is real, ha-haa! Brooklyn know My life my {*4X*} B.X. know My life my (*4X*} Real niggaz all over the world My life my {*4X*), it's a real thang whoooo! Boogie man! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: The Easy Spell Typed by: headwinfilipe@hotmail.com [Intro] You turn me up a lil'.. I'm gettin a lotta , alotta music Add me more voice here, yeah, yeah Even more, even more, even more A Black Johnson, exclusive Pop up! Pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up! Aahhh! [Hook1] Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it...and you can get it! Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! You can get it! [Mos Def] They want a nigga that done change their life Fuck 'em,and feed 'em, and buy 'em all the things, he like: shit! You smile bright and ya game is tight You say: Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Bright eyes and the pretty long hair, oh yeah Body all there, oh yeah You wanna reach me call here Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it Though I believe what I'm sayin, yeah well I believe I can spit it so good that they will And that's real And that's all Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! [Hook 2] Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Raise your hands and we doin now with it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Put it up if you wanna (be) down with it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Throw it up if you wanna (be) down with it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Haaaa. [Mos Def] They want a nigga that done change in life Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, i'ma buy all the things, he like: You smile bright and ya game is tight Huh! You smile bright and ya game is tight Let me know whatcha doin' tonight Y-E-A, YEAH! Huh, yeah! Huh, yeah! Huh! Y-E-A, YEAH! Y-E-A, YEAH! [Mos Def] Huh, they want a nigga that done changed in life Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, i'ma buy all the things, he like Shit! You smile bright and ya game is tight Now baby: Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Bright eyes and the pretty long hair, oh yeah Body all there,yeah oh yeah You wanna reach me call here Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! [Hook3] Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Raise your hands if you wanna (be) down with it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Throw ya hands let me know how you feelin [Mos Def] Belly to belly then up in the dance You got the things that I like to touch Get close cuz I like to touch Uhhhhhhhn, so much! Belly to belly then we up in the club Don't hate baby show some love Let me know what's on your mind Get close let me start to grind Hun, what's on your mind And get close and we start to grind Make me feel so... oohhh! [hook4] Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! You can get it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Is you with it? Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Ghetto rock for all y'all niggaz Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! [Mos Def] Hun! See Huh, they want a nigga that done changed their life Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, i'ma buy all the things, he like Shit! You smile bright and ya game is tight Now baby: Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it The bright eyes and the long or short hair, oh yeah The body all there, mama oh yeah You wanna reach me call here 7-1-8, Y-E-A, Y-E-AAAAAA-H! Uhhh uhhhh. Uuhh uhhh I like it, I see it, I want it uhh uhh I like it, I see it, u got it uhh uhh, let's do it I like it, you got it,uhh uhh I see it I like it, you got it uhh uhh lets do it I like it, you got it uhh uhh I see it, I like it you got it Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it! Say Y-E-A, YEAH YEAH Y-E-A, yeah yeah! (repeat) [Outro] Brooklyn! I say.. oohh ...ahhh Oooh, aahh Belly to belly you and I up in the dance Don't be shy while we raise your hands Belly to belly you and I up in the grind Let me know what's on your mind Gz y-e-a ....(yeah)..Owwwwwwh!!!! Y-E-A...(yeah yeah..) ooh oh ho ohh! Y-E-A... (yeah yeah..) Y-E-A... right away, right away.. BOOGIE MAN! BOOGIE MAN! BOOGIE MAN.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: The Beggar Typed by: sigfriedbuys@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Woman you know I love you Woman you know just how I feel You try to tell me that you don't know When I know you know the deal Woman you know I love you Woman you know I care...  hey You try to say I'm running game You try to say baby you don't play fair Oh darling If there is any doubt in your mind I want you to be sure...  heeeey If you don't ever see me again I want you to be sure That I love you Oh girl Oh baby I love you Darling I love you...  hey Oh darling I love you...  hey (Turn the lights down low) (Turn the lights down low) Oh baby You got to understand how I feel You need to understand where I'm coming from Aint no need to be afraid Aint no need to get up and run Oh darling Oh girl you know I love you Oh darling You know I know I love you Oh baby If you never see me again I need you to be sure From this moment right now Till for ever more Said I love you Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you...  babyyyy Woman I love you Woman I love you Woman I love you AAAAAAHHHHHH...  Woman I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The New Danger Song: Champion Requiem Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mos Def] Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem Peace, peace whats up y'all this is Mos Def And this is a message to the people If you see or hear goodness from me Then that goodness is from The Creator You should be thankful to The Creator for all of that 'Cause I'm not the architect of that I'm only the...the recipient If you see weakness or shortcoming in me It's from my own weakness or shortcoming And I ask The Creator and the people to forgive me for that Thank you Brooklyn, Thank you World Yeah, yeah there it is Turn my voice up in the top a little bit It feel good to be back Whats up ochenta? Yeah, yeah, ha.. It's the Black Dante in your headphones Speakerbox (freaky radio) freaky radio (Everywhere on the dial) tell you a little bit about me For my hometown, break down a little history for you Myrtle and Broadway, Roosvelt projects, Mossie projects Listen.. [Verse 1: Mos Def] I stepped on the field from no league just home team I Jumped out the stands and I snatched the rock With the final seconds +one to land+ on the clock Mos post up to throw up the tie-breakin shot I put it through the net and let the world's jaw drop Then fled the arena before they called cops Tell the players and the coach I wasn't tryin to blow spot But the way they was ballin' made it difficult to watch I was taught when there's somethin' you can change around Keep quiet, you got nothin' to complain about You got work to do, I don't know if that work for you But thats how Mos work it through And my work is personal, I'm a workin person I put in work, I work with purpose I get it there, on the water, air, the surface You feel the impact? Niggaz yeah it's workin Listen God did not make me a fearful person The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path I would love it just to hear this back On the ghetto streets where y'all at On the ave's where the Jeep's go past In the coupes where the seats go back In the parties where it be so packed And the atmosphere be so black And them black things be so phat If I could I would be so glad But if not I won't be so mad I'm still being a man, still feeding my fam' And even if you don't see it my fam I believe that I am, truly gifted, truly blessed I'm yours truly, Brooklyn's own, Mos Def I'm rockin the hard right, ground zero, to far left I'm, well balanced, with immense talents Burn the script, then flip it to keep myself challanged And thats the mark of a true champ-ine Thats whether I'm in or outside the ring No fights, no tilte, no crown or reign Feel my presence even when I'm up out this thing Just trust, thats what I'm about to be But until then settle in and rock with me [Outro: Mos Def] Ha, thats what its about to be Ghetto people look alive with me And say, We 'gon, stop by Then we just keep movin on Ghetto people, look alive and Feel free, we just keep movin on For Alliah, Left Eye, Jam Master Jay All the great hero's who have passed away Scott Laraque, Big & Pac, Feaky Tai, Big L All the soldiers locked down in the cell Lock up the flesh, but the spirit will prevail To our loved ones, and deceased Dyin in the street, or quiet in their sleep (B.I.G.) Rest in peace, your livin in the mansions of our memory(+Sans Marie+) Rest in peace, your livin in the mansions of our memory And thats real 'Cause everythin in life 'gon come to an end Because it must, and when it does I hope that y'all remember me With true respect And ghetto love Now raise it up 'Cause everythin in life 'gon come to an end Because it must, and when it does I hope that y'all remember me Black Dante, from Myrtle and Broadway Yeah, yeah y'all Let me hear it back(echo) Freaky radio (freaky radio) ha.. Freaky radio (freaky radio) everywhere on the dial The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Ludacris Album: The New Danger (International Version) Song: The Jump Off Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mos Def] {Background singers} Black (Black) Jack... Johnson ain't scared of you motherfuckers, haha {It's The Jump Off} Yeah y'all now, c'mon {It's The Jump Off} Push it up now, ha {It's The Jump Off} What you want now? {It's The Jump Off} Keep cool, now {Put your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} Yeah! It's that Freak Daddy shit! {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} {Raise your hands...} [Verse 1 - Mos Def] With so much drama in the N-Y-C It's kinda hard bein' M-O-S Def-initely But I, some how, some way Keep comin' up with funky ass shit with the Black Jack Jay May, I, spit a lyric for my ghetto Pe-ople? Show me 'nough respect when I breeze, through Riders beep they horn 'cause I keep the party jumpin' like yo' mamma ain't home I'm just a freak individual singin' my song Shinin' bright on the mic like it's six in the morn' (six in the morn') So peep out my manuscript Reach up, sleevess up, for a second NOW BOUNCE This is the one that make the party wile' out Nigga...I said wile' out Nigga, I SAID wile' out Lemme show you what we're talkin' about (C'MON!) [Mos Def] Huh, ha, yes, hah, uh, hah, rock wit' me now Uh, ha, yes, ah, uh, rock wit' me now (You are now rockin' with the best!) Uh, hah, yes, unnh, ha, uh, come check me now (Black! Jack!) Uh, hah, uh, yes, hah, uh, uh, BACK TO THE BEAT, like [Hook - Mos Def {Background Singers}] {It's The Jump Off} Get it up now! {It's The Jump Off} C'mon, push it up now! {It's The Jump Off} Get it up now {It's The Jump Off} and make it jump now! {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} Uh, push it up now {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} Nigga jump now {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} Push it up now {Raise your hands up, it's The Jump-Off} {Raise your hands...} [Verse 2 - Ludacris] Tables fulla hi-hat, a dash of drums Sprinkle in a little keyboard, a pint of rum With just a pinch of purple haze and a gallon of bass Mix snares with rock 'n' roll and throw it all in ya face Pre-heat the studio to about a hundred degress Ludacris, Mos Def and your best emcees You'll get BURNT just for thinkin' you can step to me Unless the (?) of my (?) get a re-ci-pee My des-tinies are rhythm, hit 'em with the rhythm Hit 'em, click 'em, then HA, HA-HA strip 'em Jump the fuck (back), no gun can pump (that) I punch the engi-(neer) and slap the whole (track) Then pop all the speakers and stip the wires Blow smoke from the MPs and amplifiers Here to spit truth for the LIAR, LIARS I'm the hottest emcee, y'all a FIRE-FIRED [Mos Def] {Background singers} Huh, yes, uh, ah, yes, uh, yes, hah, c'mon (You are now rockin' wit' the best) Woo! Brooklyn, New York City Hah, take 'em there, Doc hah, uh, yeah, Black, Jack, c'mon So incredible! Fantastic! (ohh!) Freak Daddy shit....FIRE!! C'mon (woo!) nigga, rock to it Uh (uh), hah (hah), yeah (yeah) {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Ridin' high (high) Ridin' low (low) {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Ridin' clean (clean) Ridin' dirty (dirty) No-body high as we are, Black Jack Johnson {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Told you my hot was incredible, y'all {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Woo! (woo!) {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Tell 'em again {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Hey, I don't think y'all heard me ... {Clap your hands now, people, clap your hands} Black, Jack, Johnson ain't scared of you motherfuckers! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: True Magic Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com [Intro] Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem Def on the speak Epic on the beat [Verse 1] Champion chronicle, M Def remarkable A breeze through the street Like the most potent ganja fume The non-stoppable 'A' article arsenal True legendary Zulu Johnny stomper dude Held responsible, bright, black, phenomenal M mastered the magical, ceremony classical Black hand touch the intangible, strong hold And get *'em all* with or without the barcode Y'all know, who stay frontin' like y'all don't Stay gone, brother stay home keep the K close At the crime court keep a case low Flaco got to keep *a face* though Baby, make no mistake about it I remember them days without it Vibrated a major wattage My gate safe and solid My flow translate to major dollars New ways and options New days new plagues and problems News page all the rave about him "It's so good, so hood, nothin' changed about him" You know... It just gets better with time It's like a greater later winner eve-ry time I got the will and the skill That the building can't kill, that's real Who that? The Undeniable True that, the most incredible Your M deffer, the Undeniable [Verse 2] Cool ways are the sake of my time I get paid even if they don't pay me no mind, you know... The days and times be frustrating the mind They youngbloods But discover such danger they shine, its so... Necessary that I come with the raw The magnetic, the sure, the most magical pure, *G Bank*... So bear witness to the actual fact It's no trick or a magical act Supernatural black, Dante this exclusively style Spread love baby move it around You know... It just gettin better with time It's like a greater later winner eve-ry time I got the will and the skill That the building can't kill, that's real Who that? The Undeniable True that, the most incredible Your M deffer, the Undeniable [Outro] Ture Magic True Magic True Magic Magic... Bank...(shh shh shh...) It just gettin better with time... I got the will and the skill... That's real... The Undeniable... M Def... (Ha ha ha) Don't Stop...Keep on [Boogeyman] Yes sir, yes ma'am, yes y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Undeniable Typed by: Brendanbello@hotmail.com What it is, what you want? Live your life right Make the beat the bump It's like one for the treble Two for the bass Three for the pretty babies up in the place The undeniable Come to the party in a B-boy stance I rock on the mic And the world wanna dance Fly like a dove That come from up above I'm rockin on the mic And you can call me Mos love Little homie you can call it what you want But you can't call it weak And you can't call it chump And looking like that Babe you need to call me up Seven eighteen D-a-n-t-e, one what? These jokers don't want none And all the pretty mommies want some Tell em come BK do it how Biggie say Spread love R. Harrison, throw it on get em up Dispirit and raw till they can't get enough Haters get it twisted Real niggaz get it done Buck down like a live round Not a dum dum, bop bop And you know, you know (make em say) (No matter how hard you try You can't stop us now) Yea, the undeniable (There ain't no future in fronting So just love me now) Yea, the undeniable So I start a flow just want y'all to know just who your listening to Black Dante So listen let me tell ya Who I am, and how I do The undeniable Respect a foundation that they can't hold And it's bullet, shatter, and earthquake proof See how I drop the jewel It's the golden rule A-B-C   Always be cool They need to teach it at every school It's the A-B-Y   Always be you Def, and I always been true 	   Real, true Skill, true Ill Ghetto world I know exactly how it feels (Some go work, and some go steal) Children grow, women produce And we rock on no matter what what you do (No matter how hard you try You can't stop us now) Yea, the undeniable (There ain't no future in fronting So just love me now) Yea, the undeniable Yea, the undeniable, spread love y'all 6x spread love, it's the Brooklyn way 13x spread love, [alternating] every day, Brooklyn way, can't deny, no matter how hard you try (Singing) can't deny, can't deny, can't deny 	 spread love you can give us a one Uh, What it is, what you want Get your mind right It's the beat to bump It's like one for the treble, two for the bass Make no mistake, you are rockin with Black Dante The undeniable Ha, Yea, The undeniable Fantastic Raw, dynamic, and real You got the feel Yea, the undeniable Spread love Undeniable Spread love Yea, the undeniable Brooklyn way So good to you So hood to you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: U R the One Typed by: courtney_bxny@yahoo.com You are the one You're the ooooone! Other brothers just don't know You got to feel me on this one man So real I'm so sin-serious about it, you know? I know, I know more than a few is gonna relate So much more than a few (fa-really real) So much more (on the really real!) When it started I knew it was trouble But you know me Them "hard an' e'rythings" can't hold me (you love, hardhead) I need some shit straight out the movies DRAMA Warm to the touch, hot mama You put me all in like launch jeans and scama You was Mrs. Mine So fine Went from "we gonna conquer it all" To "nigga I'ma see you in court" I woulda never thought (damn) I guess I better think again (you know?) OK, now the shit is really sinking in We ain't just divorced We ain't even fucking friends Cause in the end it was all about the ends But fuck that I know it gotta be more to it Held up with bitter hate with crosses all through it And when I looked, what did I see? You on the other end crying like me Expression on your face like, "how could this be?" That's what I'm asking, "what the fuck happened?" How could all the magic and passion just vanish (c'mon) Went from outsanding, to makin' me shout, "Dammit!" Can't explain the changes, behavior's is outlandish Now I'm just stuck in the road feeling stranded I'm in the dark wishing for the answers On some ol' "Biggie gimme one more chance" shit When we met your face so brown Ya ass so round, of course I'm so down Wish I knew then what the fuck I know now Couldn't read the signs in the road: "SLOW DOWN!" I'm too deep in the road now Got me pulling over getting smoked out Fighting tears that I can't hold down Can't believe it, this fucka's got me weeping I keep it a secret so my friends won't peep it (live man?) But late in the evening I'm up, my chest heaving I'm reaching in the dark and I'm looking for the reason (WHY!) Did our love have to die? You and I were so fucking fly Can't get it off my mind The things that made me smile now make me cry You are the one You're the one! FUCK YOU!! I wish we never met, I wish we never kissed I wish we never touched (I swear to God) I wish I didn't love you so much I wish I could forget how feel, how you f-- (Damn) That's a lie The shit that made me smile, now make me cry You are the one You're the one! FUCK YOU!! Sometime I wish we'd come back Man, I wish we'd come back (Memories!)--No lie For real? Fuck that No, for real It's a dangerous necessity, it's a world famous mystery Love That's it Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Thug is a Drug Typed by: rubin1107@yahoo.com Quick question... You ever felt like the realest nigga alive? Felt too pretty or powerful to die? Tell the truth... You ever felt ugly enough to cry? Have you ever begged for mercy? Have you ever wished you died? Tell the truth... Have you ever taken pride in the crime? Been too hungry to break down or hide? Felt low down dirty? Or super duper high? Or contemplated murder, robbery, or suicide? Tell the truth... Taken medicine for trouble in your mind? Or taken down a number? For taking up a scheme? I made her wild, beautiful take her 'til she skeet? Take her to the penthouse or take her to the skreet? Tell the Truth... So the waterman he take it to the beat And I take it to the 'mic So we takin' what we like Take it to your neck We gon' take it to the bank Triple X, Killa K Black we take it to your face Like, G..."BANK BANK" Gangsta, birth sign is danger It's like thug is the drug That make 'em fall in love When love don't love nobody BANK, BANK Gangsta, star sign is danger It's like thug is the drug Ready rock, steady pump Man they leanin' and they fiendin' Cuz they can't get enough... The Dee-Jay play this song in the dance And every buggy on the block got the tune on blast The TV is like the radio with visuals too So shiny, so gutter, mean moody and cool Tell the truth... They might be doing things that you wanna' do You fantasize as they be living it through The big home with the beautiful view You have a swim in the pool, and get fresh And take a spin in the coupe Tell the truth... You probably want to feel the world in your palm While hold a gun in your hand And make 'em know you a star Tell the truth... And there's those who probably already are They well known in they zone Or they town or they block Tell the truth... Then there's the rest who are usually not And the heavy dose of thug feel like all that they got So they ready to rock...R-r-rock... Ha, ha, heh Gangsta, birth sign is danger It's like thug is the drug That make 'em fall in love When love don't love nobody [Gunshots] (Screaming) Gangsta, star sign is danger It's like thug is the drug Ready rock, steady pump Man they leanin' and they fiendin' Cuz they can't get enough... {*beat rides out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Crime & Medicine Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com *beat is the same as GZA's "Liquid Swords" [Talking] It was so beautiful. It was almost unfair. It's cold but it's true. It was so cold it got warm. Kids out in the schoolyard and playing. It was nice and calm. It was dangerous. When the MC's came, live out the name And to perform  Some had to snort cocaine to act insane Before they rocked the don Now on to the mental pains, spark the brains Building to be born ?? is on the track Check em check chicka icka etta UHH Strange Times Everybody got their get high (Oh my) Their get right, their get nice, they get by (Oh my) They get open, get ready, get primed The national pastime is victimless crime You want your thrill and I want mine As long we can get it we ain't got to say why I don't mean to pry, you ain't got to lie We ain't got to speak when it's written in the eyes Whenever she was high off the sparkle in her palm She had a young girl's smile and a hustler's charm Dying from the city where the hustler's are born Made, traced, murdered, replaced Life-long residents barely feel safe And the street's offer plenty taste and little faith (Break it down) Little face, soft lips, little waist (Break it more) Tiny hands (Oh god) fat ass (Oh more) Big eyes like birthday surprise Super dupa fly, born in 85 Repeat it to yourself: This is a victimless crime Psyche your mind there's a victim every time Your tasty little pill, your freaky little thrill Pray won't leave you still, you wonder how it feel It's real, pussy like some money that you steal Eww When the MC came, fill out the name And to perform  Some had to snort cocaine to act insane Before they rocked the don Now on to the mental pains, spark the brains Building to be born Give the people a new drug Crime and medicine Dead wrong and live in America Off the block and right in your area Fresh apples and peaches for the president HA HA Crime and medicine Dead wrong and live in your area From the street corner, right in your residence Fresh apples and peaches for the president Crime Fresh peaches and apples for the president Crime Fresh chocolates and apples for the president Crime Fresh linens and apples to the president Crime Fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Tru3 Magic Song: Dollar Day Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com So there's a story about the lady in Louisiana She's a flood survivor and the rescue teams They come through, and they, I guess tryna recover people And they see this women she's wadin through the streets I guess it'd been some time after the storm And I guess they were shocked that you know she was alive And rescue worker said, "So, oh my God h-how did you survive How did you do it? Where've you been?" And she said, "Where I been? Where you been?" Hah, Where you been? You understand? That's about the size of it This for the streets, the streets everywhere The streets affected by the storm called... America I'm doin this for y'all, and for me, for the Creator God save, these streets One dollar per every human being Feel that Katrina clap See that Katrina clap Listen, homie, it's Dollar Day in New Orleans It's water water everywhere and people dead in the streets And Mr. President he bout that cash He got a policy for handlin the niggaz and trash And if you poor you black I laugh a laugh they won't give when you ask You better off on crack Dead or in jail, or with a gun in Iraq And it's as simple as that No opinion my man it's mathematical fact Listen, a million poor since 2004 And they got -illions and killions to waste on the war And make you question what the taxes is for Or the cost to reinforce, the broke levee wall Tell the boss, he shouldn't be the boss anymore Y'all pray amin God save, these streets One dollar per every human being Feel that Katrina clap See that Katrina clap God save, these streets Quit bein' cheap nigga freedom ain't free Feel that Katrina clap See that Katrina clap Lord have mercy Lord God God save our soul A God save our soul, a God A God save our souls Lord God God save our soul A God save our soul soul soul Soul survivor It's Dollar Day in New Orleans It's water water everywhere and babies dead in the streets It's enough to make you holler out Like where the fuck is Sir Bono and his famous friends now Don't get it twisted man I dig U2 But if you ain't about the ghetto then fuck you too Who care bout rock 'n roll when babies can't eat food Listen homie man that shit ain't cool It's like Dollar Day for New Orleans It's water water everywhere and homies dead in the streets And Mr. President's a natural ass He out treatin niggaz worse than they treat the trash God save, these streets One dollar per every human being Feel that Katrina Clap See that Katrina Clap God save, these streets Quit bein cheap nigga freedom ain't free! Feel that Katrina Clap See that Katrina Clap Soul survivor God God God save our soul A God save our soul A God, a God save our soul Lord God God save our soul A God save our soul a God a God save Lord did not intend for the wicked to rule the world Say God did not intend for the wicked to rule the world God did not intend for the wicked to rule the world And even when they knew it's a matter of truth Before they wick-ed ruling is through God save, these streets A Dollar Day for New Orleans God save, these streets Quit bein cheap homie freedom ain't free God save these streets One dollar per every human being Feel that Katrina Clap See that Katrina Clap God save these streets Quit bein cheap nigga freedom ain't free! Feel that Katrina Clap! Ha Ghetto Katrina Clap! Ha Soul survivor Lord God God save our soul A God save God save our soul Feel that Katrina Clap Let's make them dollars stack And rebuild these streets God save these streets God save these streets God save the soul! Feel that Katrina Clap See that Katrina Clap Soul survivor Don't talk about it, be about it Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Napoleon Dynamite Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] The emperor, subjects, and his dogs Fuck you all Napoleon's dynamite blew up in his face Yoo busy handin out plates, now get yourself a taste Yum, gravy over lips seekin tongues Price that you pay for thinkin e'rybody dumb Green and googly wide-eyed and surprised Brows and lashes, honey mustaches, fried bride Effort to little hit now holla cry pride When the opposition forces came to take him back BACK (Always gonna be hounded fella, by the police) Oh-me-oh-me-oh-my, we don't assume Secretly you probably relate Loud lung tyrant, now YOU be quiet Husheth, thou dost protesth too mucheth Your deeds are on file, take your testament is bupkis I feel like Lazarus, steppin out the grave To give reporters of his death, the world's greatest nay It ain't hear or say, you can see it for your own two Sucker or get close and feel it if you want to But I know you, you won't and can't do Seamstress and lies are bustin up your handle Palms and fingertips on ultra-blister You crossed a good dude now he cued the ultra-disher Shell position fill your old tradition self Machine gun ran in the pad and clipped himself Now your project sinks up leakin Hand over head and the sticky red is seepin Weepin willow goin onry ape shit Little homey onlooker shout,"He ain't gon' make it!" The moment where bullies find God Dumb-ass, he been on the scene all along Tried to help you steer clear, you sped up to the climax The brick wall on your cheeks worse than Imax Heavy child I know you wish you never tried black Dante air blow craft you can't hijack Yes, but really I digress Let me step aside and let the EMS clean up the drecks Extra gore soak the medics to they own asshole I pray peace on your soul now BEGONE~! Movin on, to deeper brighter better and more FREE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Tru3 Magic Song: There Is a Way Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com This is a song, got two lyrics Very simple and plain we can all sing together Nobody has to feel left out Join in, this is the song people need to be singing right now When they tell you you can't, you shouldn't, you won't Tell 'em this: There is a way No matter what they say (4x) Don't give up, don't give in (8x) (Repeated until end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Tru3 Magic Song: Sun, Moon, Stars Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com A night where beautiful life is real The mathematic to acting still The unfamiliar the warm embrace The family ties and the stranger's face The lighting thunder the power steed The what it is and the what is believed The strong connections desire to need The waking now or the moment to dream The laugh the murmur the moan and the scream The voice of reason somewhere in between The one and all the me and the we The I and I the thou and the thee A man a design a child of the streets The daily chore the impossible feat The drum the chorus phenomenal beat Easy to touch and the harder to reach The sweetest fruit in the top of the tree The sun the moon the stars and the bree-eze I'm coming to it, and it's coming to me  I'm getting ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Tru3 Magic Song: Murder of a Teenage Life Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com Man, what was the young blood name? Funk Crush Young blood just hungry It's no glamour, it's no glory It's no joke no game It's murder everyday, murder (Boogeyman) The murder of a teenage life Fire from the cold steel, the heat from the brights The temperature of flesh and the shortness of breath The murder of a teenage threat The aroma of sinsemilia dollar superstar Scum of vicodin cocaine tobacco leaf Ecstatic tap-less fire water and freaky-deeky-e The murder of a teenage chief My easy speaking is easy as it seem to be Hungry belly drama busts off easily Balloon bang, pop, hot as a bang spot in Bangkok Colder than a pimp glock, aim shot the frame drops Pressure pushed him to the earth like a rain drop Take not life in vain, now how the preacher was saying Remember anyway they laid him in the straight box Dark suit and gray socks the neighborhood is all distraught Candle lights upon the news report the families and students saw Confused in awe, they weep into each others' arms It's murder New absence from a mother's arm Even the warmth from the mother's arms Could not keep her son from harm From standing where the gun was drawn Over come done and done he gone, murder Shell like a bell that rung The blood burst body temperature fell and plunged And then the time it took the medics to come The breath eased out of his lungs And his soul eased out of the slums And the voice eased out of the drums The sireens they gleam they swung, murder Telephone wire sneakers hung, murder For the black and young, murder, and the Ave they from I am from the block the president did not campaign on Where the dollar that the working poor slave for is made on Where hustlers stretch the yay long Hustle hard for an outpost to trade on Flip it over and make more Where the blocks are yellow taped off Young bloods is trained off for obese to gray zone Where the pressure just stay on But the lights and the heat don't The place where you witness the true power of street folk And that's where I'm coming from people High post low key eighth oz and kilo Law man dope man adversary amigo Preacher man pimp hand both folding their C-notes A black fist clutching deliverance for the people Young hand reach out, strong hand reach in Chop the devil's hand to make the fucker stop reaching Ghetto people know when the voice of true speaking M-Def, and foreal hold still nigga seein' I ain't got to say please, just believe it The unerasable the black ink fact Y'all fuckers know exactly how to act get back Forever black (forever black) never wack (never that) From the K (Killa K) that's that (that's that) So you can kill all the yap, murder They shot the boy (3x) They kill 'em all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Fake Bonanza Typed by: cmajano86@yahoo.com [Verse 1] Hip hop, modern time, flossy and raw so self-absorbed, immature I can't remember being this bored Fake bonanza, there come real wars Bullets burn through the candy on the driver side door Long investigations and no firm lead, billion dollar flow And black life is still cheap Your rent skyrockets and y'all prospects plummet Ten murders, ten days, this summer Talk about today's mathematics, a eighth, an O, a key And the caliber on your rack, shit The inmate number, the centerfolds for measurement Is close as a coed cell come to some tendon-is I heard them say it was all about the Benjamins I don't believe it now, didn't believe it then, fuck wutcha heard You believe wutcha want, the truth is what it is, it be what it been Get rich, shorty just tryna live Don't believe in heaven and ain't tryna get in And hell is everyday, fuck the world anyway Potion and sips, spark up a clip, FADE AWAY! [Hook] The low lights, tree top heights Be careful how you move the traps are covered in the lights Landmines be disguised as welcome signs I'll repeat it so you ain't got to press rewind The landmines be disguised as welcome signs Black fresh from Iraq, a wild look in his eyes, missing part of his arm What the fuck is your problem!? Ohh lord! Fake Bonanza! [Verse 2] Gladiator, circus world Glamour, pussy, pimp, ho good to serve this world Paranoid, if she trick a nigga nervous world Shade-tonic natural order in reversal world The ipod, no God, zero circle world The blow-a turtle world, smoke from the purple world The killer murder world, hamburger murder world Open twenty-four hours, all about them dollars Pretty poison, devoid choices Cold coffee and more coffers, fake bonanza (2x) Huh? What? I don't understand ya! What they talking bout save they soul, ohh lord, save they soul! Help them reach the goal, peace! (4x) You know, peace (3x), boogieman! Don't be scared Ohh lord, save they soul (2x) Ohh lord, save my soul (2x) Please Boogieman [Outro] Woke up this morning with my, my state don't fade and said I Had the baddest feeling, maybe you stayed on my mind, said I (2x) Woke up this morning in my, my state, I'm dreaming, dreaming Ain't nothing even.....dreaming, praying, keeping Woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom Woke up this demon that keep staying on my mind Said, woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom It makes no difference what people say, AHHHHHHHHH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: True Magic Song: Lifetime Typed by: cmajano86@yahoo.com [Verse 1] The summit, the peaks The plains and the valley The ballad, the fog, the bank with the alley The waking hour, the moment, the dream The moaning, the murmur, the laughter, the scream The filling beginning, the quiet finale Eh eh eh eh lifetime, lifetime Keep keeping on Maintain the rock, keep up the rock [Verse 2] The lights in the plaza meant there's something fantastic The moment I met you, the first look was like magic Yeah, there's the way that it is and the way that it feels There's the distance between the ideal and the bills Yet, I see all the numbers; I still lull for the dreamer I thank God for the dreamers, lifetime (2x) keep keeping on Maintain the rock, keep up the rock Maintain the spot, keep up the block Maintain the rock, keep up the rock [Verse 3] Ehhh I know this much is true We don't wanna be lonely Whether kind or you're cruel, be you no more oh lonely The riot is easy and the silence is loud You can build yourself up by just turning things down We will fashion the law, so why should we feel lonely? When forever is only... Lifetime(2x) Keep keeping on Maintain the rock, keep up the block Maintain the rock, keep up the rock Lifetime (13x) (various tones) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Supermagic Typed by: jesu83@hotmail.com [Malcolm X] "You're living at a time of extremism, a time of revolution a time where there's got to be a change. People in power have misused it and now there has to be a change and a better world has to be built and the only way is going to be built is with extreme methods and I for one will join with anyone, don't care what color you are as long as you want change this miserable condition that exists on this earth." [Mos Def] Ecstatic Ecstatic ecstatic Classic Flow Super magic black origin freshly out of dopeness Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus Knock off your set, Brooklyn we keep 'em open The heavens expand the stars advance feel the boogieman Mojo hand healing power like Bang Snap, I rebuke these snitches We know the truth, you can't confuse me bitches Great name, greater than all your riches Yah Dante Flaco Bey that's the business Repeat, I rebuke these snitches We know the truth, you can't confuse me bitches Strong magic that bust all your wishes Cherokee Chief rock upon cha rock it don't stop And let's get Yes You're now rockin' with the Def Lararara Oh Oh Oh Oh It's like heartbeat, you make me feel So... REAL Super magic black origin freshly out of dopeness Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus Knock off your set, Brooklyn we keep 'em open Again again Super magic black origin freshly out of dopeness Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus Knock off your set, come close and get 'em open Get it here, let it go! Ectasy The heavens expand the stars advance feel the boogieman Nice! Magic! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Twilite Speedball Typed by: jesu83@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Have fun y'all Have fun y'all The city breathing all down your neck Bad news and good dough special effects And reality's teeth Bright, black, sicker than deep Who ain't shy of the pain? Who ain't shy of the pleasure just the same? Life is a game I heard the homie say Well I came to win so I'm not here to play Have fun (Get it, get it) Don't stop Ecstatic Fantastic Wild People Bad news and good dough Powder, potion, pills, smoke Baby, how you trying to go? Duro o dulce, fast or slow? Yay, no? It's OK you can have it your way love It ain't all good but baby I'm cool Feeling great, feeling good how are you? 10% Condition, 90% response Survival mathematics the number mad song Old dads drop the jewels so pure When the times get raw, there's something I recall Sometimes I don't remember it at all And it gets stormed by the weather with no umbrella Sky release pressure and the ground get wetter My outfit f'd up  Could'a looked fresher But guess what? The hell with parade day rain Tsunami and sunshine a vomit is the same Life is a game I heard the homie say Well I came to win Dante Get it get it Bey! Get it get it Brooklyn Get it get it Ecstatic Don't Stop E'day People Bad news and good dough Powder, potion, pills, smoke Baby, how you trying to go? Duro o dulce, fast or slow? Yay, no? It's OK you can have it your way love Nasty times, but baby I'm cool Feeling great, feeling good Ey'day Every day Having a good time Every day Having a good time Every day Bey! Having a good time every day That's cool... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Slick Rick Album: The Ecstatic Song: Auditorium Typed by: kervindesir@gmail.com the way I feel sometimes its too hard to sit still things are so passionate times are so real sometimes I try an chill mellow down blowin smoke smile on my face but its really no joke you feel it in the streets people breathe without hope they goin through the motion, they dimmin down they focus the focus gettin clear and the light turn sharp and the eyes go teary, the mind grow weary I speak it so clearly sometimes ya don't hear me I push it past the bass no nations gotta feel me I feel it in my bones, black, I'm so wide awake that I hardly ever sleep, my flows forever deep and its volumes or scriptures when I breath on a beat my presence speak volumes before I say a word I'm every where penthouse pavement and curb cradle to the grave tall lead you onna shell universal ghetto life holla black you know it well quiet storm vital form pen pushed it right across mind is a vital force, high level right across shoulders the lions raw voice is the siren I swing round ring out and bring down the tyrant shocked a small act could knock a giant lopsided the world is so dangerous there's no need for fightin suttins tryna hide like the struggle wont find em and the sun bust through the clouds to clearly remind him everywhere penthouse pavement and curb cradle to the grave talk'll lead you on a shell universal ghetto life holla black you know it well what it is you know they know what it is we know yall know what is is ecstatic there it is huh (2X) what it is you know we know what it is they know yall know what it is you don't know? here it is (2X) [and always on time and rockin ya mind] sit and come relax riddle off the mac, its the patch imma soldier in the middle of iraq well say about noonish commin out the whip and lookin at me curious, a young Iraqi kid (awww) carrying laundry, whats wrong G? hungry? no, gimme oil or get fuck out my country and in Arabian barkin other stuff till his moms come grab him and they walk off in a rush I'm like surely hope that we can fix our differences soon (bye!) white apples I'm breakin on you take everything why not just take the damn food like I don't understand it, on another planet? 51 of this stuff how I'm gunna manage? and increasing the sentiment gentlemen gettin down on that middle eastern instruments realized trappin is crap walk over kicked one of my fabulous raps (la dee da dee) Arab (??) they well wished they glad wrapped now the kid considered like an Elvis of Baghdad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Wahid Typed by: scriptures22@hotmail.com When...all...is...said...and...done...there's...only...one Cash and carry legendary Sagitarri(us) style's wary And it's very necessary get it clearly Never scary barely worried bright and early Bald head straight or curly mundane other worldly No chain now the jewelry that jackers can't snatch The gingerbread the slave masters can't catch Blat! Now put your minds on that Get real or get back quit frontin and face facts The old timers say we're living in the final days Gun smoke young folks living any kind of way Gangster holiday greedy snakes and hideaways Meanwhile soldiers take it straight through their armor plates Crash hit the market gates marvels of the modern age Access is instant and treachery is commonplace I sense the dangers and I'm not afraid Because when all is said and done there's only ONE Man up playboy playing the game boy Pull back spectacular aim boy Say what you say boy whoever could make noise And ride range off in the same voice Conduct an arrangement with definite language It's pure inspiration for this generation Speak true free love (?) Because when all is said and done there's only ONE And the one can done so cool Schooling the young like Rev. Run ("whose house?") Quote pop and 'til they keep their heads up And when the pressure comes down press back and press up Fret not ghetto world guess what God is on your side the devil is a lie The Empire holds all the gold and the guns but when all is said and done there's only... B.O.O.G.I.E.M.A.N Practice doesn't make perfect, PERFECT PRACTICE makes perfect The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Ecstatic Song: Priority Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Top priority Peace before everything, God before anything Love before anything, real before everything Home before anyplace, shoot before anything Style and state radiate Love power slay the hate Truth killer flaky face Players say it to they face Ain't afraid to major straight Race at the table straight Flow greatest like the greatest lakes Capes all greatest states  Quiet water major waves Steer the course, make a way And come ashore on a greater day Home grown from the greatest grain Full flavor in the native strain Now put that on your brainy brain Full exposure to favorite slang Minimal wage and major gangs Y'all seen ? to the bait Later night from day to day they came to play  You came to stay, get out the way Be-otch sons buy heat rocks Brooklyn finest, preservation to beat-box! Front a ?full poison? to detox When we rock the people I respond: priority Peace before anything, God before everything Love before anything, real before everything Home before anyplace, shoot before anything Style and state radiate, love power slay the hate Priority! Love power... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Quiet Dog (Bite Hard) Typed by: fcobbina@yahoo.com [Femi Kuti speaking] One thing I want to assure them, If they think I'm gonna change or compromise My attitude and my way of life or In my expression or in my goal What's politics They are making me stronger And I am much much stronger now.. [Mos Def] Check a blank to the boogie And up chuck a boogie To the rhythym of the boogie to be x2 There it go like simple the plainness The prominent bassness Zulu arrangement rockin' amazement Fly gold, radiating from heaven to pavement If only years of placement with nothing to play with Spent time hating but that ain't changing it God give it to me no body ain't savin' it Therefore, moving on the base in stammerment? Standing in the twilight and watching them get it in Walls, simmering, the air, simmering She movin' like more than the airs is glistenin' Woah now Testin' your ate in the delirium Sounding fate booming all over your eminence Skin on skin again Put it all, get it all,get in then Ladies and gentlemen, misters and mistresses .... or entrants and simil men There it is, boogieman Hah Simmer down simmer down simmer down now Simmer down now x3 Quiet dog, wild hog my god And the rocket don't stop Brooklyn and the kids heat up the stovetop Banging the empire state and navigating the way Your preservation makes the greatest hip hop The cool dudes swagger little cherry be corny The flow so steady unsteady is boring These dudes ain't through with their yawning Need to get off it So wack wack is all you can call it Therefore, movin on the deaf is sumblin Regardless of ...what town your representin A bullet in the audience settlement Tower the tenement I mold through for all of the element Simmer down I manage your mayhem I'm bright as the AM And you're rocking more like a station I'm blessed with the fresh from day one I got it from day done We all going back to the same one It's the cost of motivation I'll stay with Remarkable flavors That all is a market of greatness Woah now Is to get us to buck town Your girl is in love now You thought it so funny Shorty is down, Shoo [Sirens] Simmer down simmer down simmer down now Simmer down now x3 Quiet dog, wild hog let's rock Hah And we don't stop See you rock to the rhythm we don't stop So you maintain the rock and you don't stop You keep up the rock and you don't stop (The rock) Maintain the rock and you don't stop (The rock) You keep up the rock and you don't stop (The rock) Maintain the rock and you don't stop (The rock) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Life in Marvelous Times Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Bright moments... Bright moments always come back vivid The fifth great was epic citywide test pressure The pre-crack era Mr. Schulman, what a prick Attitude matches wardrobe, uglier than sin This is Bed-Stuy eighty-two Ninth floor, three tiny rooms, one view Bucktown, Roosevelt House Their green grass is green, our green grass is brown Shots rang, my phone wasn't touchtone Were heavy beef in the street, E.T. had to flee Great heavens, good grief Hungry bellies, bright gold on they teeth The windows on the Ave look like sad eyes They fix their sharp gaze on you when you pass by And if you dare to stand, you can see 'em cry You can watch 'em scowl, feel 'em prowl While they're steady sizing every inch about you Fast math measuring what you amount to The laughter, the screams The numeral, the soul of songs, the book of dreams Ends don't meet where the arms can't reach Mean streets, even when it's free it ain't cheap On-going saga, terminal diagnosis Basic survival requires super heroics No space in the budget for a cake It's when you gotta fly by night to save the day Crash-landings routinely happen Some survive, others never rise from the ashes Watching asphalt and observing the Sabbath creates an Ecstatic and there you have it From teenage love praying in tongue Strange fruit, batty boots and native drums From hence I come, so here we go Signs and wonders all along the road Some lies open, some lies closed Some stretchers role with no lies at all Some riders don't know what they riding for Hands on the wheel and their mind is gone Wherever you ride, whatever your name This raw cold life is a beautiful thing And we are alive in amazing times Delicate hearts, diabolical minds Revelations, hatred, love and war and more and more and more and more And more of less than ever before It's just too much more for your mind to absorb It's scary like hell, but there's no doubt We can't be alive in no time but... NOW!!! It's just another shot to the heart It's just a sure shot in the dark It's just another place in the stars... Wonders on every side, life in marvelous times Life in marvelous times... Hey! The Ecstatic The temperature's rising everywhere All over the world, you can feel it All over the world, feel it Spirits rise everywhere It's just a sure shot to the heart It's just a sure shot in the dark It's just another place in the stars Wonders on every side, life in marvelous times Life in marvelous times Now... always... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: The Embassy Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com Boogey (Boogey) man (man) "This is your captain speaking, with just a little flight information.  Coming up on the left we're going to be catching a glimpse of the Grand Canyon on the right you can be able to see the Hoover Dam  in just a a few minutes. We're flying at an altitude of 37,000 feet and our air speed is four hundred miles an hour... Couple a little facts here, I'm packing a Colt King Cobra that's a .357 caliber firearm with a black rubber-grip and a six inch barrel. Also, the co-pilot is carrying a Kimber Custom defense pistol with all the bells and whistles he'd expect from a custom  ?canovac? carried with an analogue frame an example treatment on the entire gun And our chief flight attendant, Roger, has a ? cap at twenty-two with the ?-fluid cylinder all three are capable of piercing body armor at a distance of up to twenty-seven feet and you can put a hole in human bone and flesh the size of the Grand Canyon, which by the way is coming up on the left hand side of the plane, so just sit back, relax, and enjoy the rest of your flight..." [Mos Def] From the top, la, la, la, la... La, la, la, la, lalalalala... La, la, la, la... la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Mentioned that he worked for the embassy People seem to find that interesting High status, intrigue and mystery Special code name on the hotel registry I love it when they say, "Enjoy your stay" They say how they mean it Cause that's the way they been trained Show you to your room A suite with a view When, if anything at all Do not hesitate to call Nice! The greatest, the greatest Compliments, tooth brush, tooth paste, razors A Bible, a Qur'an in a drawer or depending where you are Tend to whisper through the walls She was calling on God The greatest, the greatest Salutations, congratulations, reservations, exclusive arrangements Dinner with the patrons, the scenery is amazing It's so outrageous, they whisper when they say it When it's really real it's even realer than "The Matrix" Classic, modern, ancient, flagrant Get a special thrill every time they get to say it Peace! I work with the embassy On behalf of imagination industry I come visit, you come visit Such a pleasure, official business  La, la, la, la... La, la, la, la, la-la-la-la... (Boogey, boogey, man, man) La, la, la, la...la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la The Embassy...greetings The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: No Hay Nada Mas Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Buenas, Flaco, llmame Flaco Pero mi primero nombre es Jacin Andante El apellido el pay Oiga, eso soy testigo La hermosa, el peligro distinto claro que si, la verdad La calle, el pueblo Las fincas y centros Ciudad calidad no mejor, mala mas Guerra y vida, amor y cambio Comida la guarda Pistola, oracin, para ellos Damas y caballeros Familia, crianza La luz en la distancia Quiero y lo dijo, bien es mas cercana Mi vista, mi casa, mis sueos, mi alma Quiero saber lo sent tu abrazo Y tu contacto, pues a mi algo Claro...Amen Claro, claro, claro que si No hay nada mas No hay nada mas, final No hay nada mas Claro, claro, claro que si No hay nada mas Y no hay nada mas, final No hay nada mas Claro, claro, claro que si Flaco... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Ecstatic Song: Pistola Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus: Mos Def] Believe me when I tell you I never meant to break your heart May God pick up the pieces Of dreams that fall apart Forgive me and forget me Make a brand new start Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye Cause I know, you know that, I know, you know that love is danger [Mos Def] Criminal minded, gangster of love Charms in your arms, your gun is wild warm Worn, bang bang, shoot 'em up Tips in your clip, click-clack, use 'em up Bad intentions and a very good shot X marks the spot where you cross the heart Candlelight vigil on my memory block Commemorate the date where the bomb got dropped Love, steady war no more Put your weapon away, quit collecting the slain She said "You right, I don't wanna fight I just like the fire and the flashing... lights" [Chorus: Mos Def] Believe me when I tell you I never meant to break your heart May God pick up the pieces Of dreams that fall apart Forgive me and forget me Make a brand new start Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye Cause I know, you know that, I know, you know that love is danger [Mos Def] If you are to fall in love Then where should you stand to begin with? And when the falling's done How bad should you plan to get injured? And if you land on your feet Do it count as a fall or a jump? And do it feel like a fall When the hands that pushed you were holding you up? Close encounter, got you wide open Heartache got your boom-box going Music and vocals, lonely and soulful Your back in the scene where your sweet dreams so true [Chorus: Mos Def] Believe me when I tell you I never meant to break your heart May God pick up the pieces Of dreams that fall apart Forgive me and forget me Make a brand new start Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye Cause I know, you know that, I know, you know what love is [Bridge: Mos Def] Cowboys and girls, oh baby I remember... when we used to play Cowboys and girls, oh baby I remember... when we used to play Cowboys and girls, oh baby I remember... when we used to play Cowboys and girls.. Shoot 'em up, bang bang... Cowboys and girls Shoot 'em up, bang bang... We at the movies, and you're a star.. Get down! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Pretty Dancer Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Absolutely, Flaco Fresh and I'm fresh and my fresh just get fresher Diamonds in production glow greater than the pressure None turn to some and the some turn to more The more turn to many and the many turn to all Shouting on my nothing like it's nothing at all To not knowing what ya got till it got gone Same song, new time signature New brand hustle with the long time arithmetic Bey, from the preacher man, number man, understand Curves and sliders, overs and under-hands Black Batman, knock 'em out the park pitch- quiet, fire sniper not the one you tryna box with Block work when the block turn jobless and triple beams ain't the best means to weigh your options Smarts, get smart with your smartness Too busy surviving to argue about Darwin, darling See me, huh, a pretty dancer Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer See me do it (see me do it) Ready, steady, step it out Big swing-swing with bangers and thing-thingers Soul glow zinging all over the ring finger Yo-yo, don't play me so close Make me tell you something that you ain't really ready to know Fight camp you was in top form Fight night, damn you ain't breaking popcorn Aw man word bond? Word is +bond-ultimatum+ Lights off, smelling salts resuscitate em I don't underrate 'em son, I don't nothing-rate 'em All i do is pop-pop, fru-st-rate 'em Exacerbate 'em, sharp shoot, lacerate 'em Steady hustle, shuffle-shuffle, fascinate 'em Ecstatic nature, black imagination activated True and living elevated, you are rocking with the greatest Ecstatic nature, black imagination activated True and living elevated, you are rocking with the greatest It's like a dove from up above See me, huh, a pretty dancer Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer See me do it (see me do it) Ready, steady, step it out Fly like a dove from up above See me, huh, a pretty dancer Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer See me do it (see me do it) Ready, steady, step it out {*Repeated until end*} Fly like a dove from up above {*Repeat 4X*} Ecstatic nature, black imagination activated True and living elevated, rocking with the greatest Ecstatic nature black imagination activated True and living elevated, you are rocking with the greatest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Workers Comp. Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Ground rules I'll give you all the diamonds and money But you can't break my heart Cause that'll just get you fired and everybody needs a job Work is scarce, competition is fierce Fonzi fronting in the new leather like they don't care Word? Let's get you an award for that performance Winner in the category for the best boring Uh, tell the tough guys we tougher than tough times and needles in the nerves to make the tighten up unwind One time, for locking out the light in your eyes You're searching for your perfect one Broken down from getting it all To take it however it comes Plain day, you the specialest one, oh me oh my! I'll give you all the milk and the honey but you can't break my heart Cause that'll just get you fired Sloppy worker get your pay grade bust Work is scarce, skilled working is rare Fonzi fronting at the job site, primping up they hair Word? Well tell them only staff could drink they coffee Walking papers at the office, sleep late tomorrow morning Tell the tough guys we tougher than tough times and nerves don't snap when the clock touch crunch time That's right we tougher than tough times From been narrowing, to the clock just unwind For sure we tougher than tough times My proof don't need to lie, my tighten up don't unwind Sunshine, lifting up the light in your eyes You're gazing at your perfect one Broken down from never at all to better than you could ever want Great day I know that you had to come, oh me oh my! I'll give you all the diamonds and money But you can't break my heart Cause that'll just get you fired and you're doing such a beautiful job The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Ecstatic Song: Revelations Typed by: pk@definitivedoodle.com  revelations don't stop keep on sunshine ecstatic flaco boogieman standing in the sun getting black as I want you playing good man that aint backing me up sky woke a baby aint no jackin my hem I got a whole lot to say so I aint talking to them I hear knees dropping I turn it up louder black freedom black genius black power black ink for printing the black dollar until I see C-I-A I say now what? and cc: is central bank loose change body slamming big money tanks we tell god thanks ya'll tellin us god don't rank that's why your breath stank yuck lay off the bacon and smokes quit laying off the good working folks quit the hoax and lay off the corny color jokes con chilly populate the colors they wont ya big dope yuck keep them out your face keep em in your prayers either that keep em in the cross hairs better still keep a even dose of each cause until you get justice you wont get peace peace peace peace peace peace the gun shot say ba ba da day ba da da day ba da da da da da day ay! they shout peace peace peace they shout peace peace peace the firefight lit ba ba da day ba da da day ba da da da da da day ay rumors and rumors and rumors of war can I get better now what is that for and more rumors and rumors and rumors of war killers just killing now what they kill for and more rumors and rumors and rumors of war can I get better now what is that for and more rumors and rumors and rumors of war revelations dont stop keep on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Georgia Anne Muldrow Album: The Ecstatic Song: Roses Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Chorus: Georgia Anne Muldrow] + (Mos Def) When I'm down, I just draw some roses On a pretty piece of paper With my red Stabilo Pencil So halfway through, I feel so much better (Fresh!) I imagine happiness, and it runs right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!) You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper) Please just leave them living Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out) Please don't worry we're forgiven [Georgia Anne Muldrow] + (Mos Def) (Power and grace, let's move!) I have found, just the perfect feelin (And it starts the true sensation) Finally cause I'm grateful (Gratitude and my attitude, this morning) I can feel your spirit (Feel it), coming closer on me (Ev-ery-way!) It is grand (Yes), just to be reminded (Good God, money reminisce over you, for real!)) Reminded of the good things (Good things, good things, good things) Living in a new day (New day, bright star), that no one can tear down (Undeniable!) You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy on the cut!) Please just leave them living Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!) Please don't worry we're forgiven [Mos Def] Power and grace Yellow for friendship, red for love Black for the universal stars above Pink buds that I bought her on Valentine She said it was forever then she changed her mind I said a little prayer then I cleared my eyes Cause the ? Started off with a oget, natural portrait I ain't Picasso but that ain't important Faith, smart dude never graduated at all school Stay tuned I'm a show you how my art move Shape and dimension flow and extension Symmetry shade, blowin' out the frame Sign off my name Dante when I'm finished Put it to your memory for permanent exhibit Love, hard work and it's worth every minute Abstract is still life real life kinetic [Georgia Anne Muldrow] + (Mos Def) Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out) Please don't worry we're forgiven (Power and grace to creation) You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper!) Please just leave them living [Chorus: Georgia Anne Muldrow] + (Mos Def) When I'm down, I just draw some roses (Magnectic art!) On a pretty piece of paper (Fresh!) With my red Stabilo pencil (Translation, ha!) So almost through (Next stop), I feel so much better (Destination) I imagine happiness, and it ran right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!) Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!) Please don't worry we're forgiven You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy) Please just leave them living... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Talib Kweli Album: The Ecstatic Song: History Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Kweli say, "Everybody act according to the season that they born in" Some are the night, some are the morning, some at noon Some in winter, some in June It's all cool, it's the natural The science is a jewel For me and mines, yours and you Let's move, tell you a little about mine, yo I was born in a season where the world was quiet and cold Celebrations were going on Some were happy, some were sad Some felt bad from being good Some felt good from being bad, feelings pass and change but they never leave, they here to stay Holiday, holiday, happy birthday Teenage love, the first cut run deep Soul on flesh, this is the Brooklyn streets Year of the Ox, seven and three M.D., the history (come on) Every soul got one indeed (yes) It's where you been and where you be And without understanding you cannot proceed Complete, the start and the end Then it just go round again... again [Talib Kweli and Mos Def] Again and again, brand new Again and again, so fresh Again and again, newness [Talib Kweli] I was born in the decade of decadence where they worship what they have Ford was president, do the math The war was ended when the North Vietnamese stormed the city of Saigon We was like "Bye", we was gone, let bygones be bygones I'm gone, spread love, it's the Brooklyn way Where the hug you with the firearm side arm Like new school clothes, Black Star official Smash when we do a show, it's facts, no mystery I'm down with the crew like Mussolini in Italy I rock with The Roots like the Giving Tree Powerful, bigotry at work, me and my people got history These rappers dumb it down considerably We "Get it Poppin'" like a hit chorus The flow is historic, they can't get rid of us Ubiquitous, and we lay the law like Leviticus Ten years ago we made history so they missing us [Mos Def] And don't call it come back in particular Even if it blends into affirmer or fade into peripheral, transmission of the minister's original We're broadcast clear without diminishing Black Star so tight, burning soul temperatures and ministers Alkalines, aminos and minerals essentials Served over Dilla time signatures It's miracle material, remember it's right now foreverness The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Ecstatic Song: Casa Bey Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Mos Def] "Boogie Man" Magnetic, the flows are athletic Dimensions are perfected But the static and kinetic is power Past pressure, and mass beyond measure You can place son where ever, he... "Don't stop" Magnetic, the flows are athletic Dimensions are perfected But the static and kinetic is power Past pressure, and mass beyond measure You can place son where ever, he Bed-Stuy "Boogie Man" Magnetic, the flows are athletic Dimensions are perfected But the static and kinetic is power Past pressure, and mass beyond measure You can place son where ever, he... "Thank you and thank you very kindly" Magnetic, the flows are athletic Dimensions are perfected But the static and kinetic is power Past pressure, and mass beyond measure You can place son where ever, he Bed-Stuy forever The fresh, the author and associates are proud to present M-Def the Black, fantastic raw Dynamic, true Ecstatic, ghetto outstanding Classic active every place, I have the skill, power, passion, raise your red lantern Stanzas and anthems based on expansion A vantage point of the past, present and after Rapture, master of ceremony, a master craft of the masterminds who craft masters Master and viber from Brooklyn Island Legendary asylum, Black Star shining Bedford-Stuyvesant isn't Strivers Flatbush blazing like it's smoke of the prophet And it's constant, my mother an artwork and God is the author, from Flaco to Archer We right on target, a ready steady responsive A black light white in the darkness, y'all just are fantastic rawness, good morning, yes You are rocking with the fresh You are rocking with the fresh You are rocking with the Def With the... yes... Hah, ye-hee-hes Right now on it alwaaaaays... So shocking, never stopping Always keep the beat on popping Hah, ye-he-he-heees... Ye-hee-he-hes... Right now on it alwaaaaays... Play on Adidas You know you can't stop my go You can't stop my go Born to be who I am (Been born to be who I am) Bright light from a distant star (Bright light from a distant star) Miracles, answered prayers (Miracles, answered prayers) Huh, all in together now You can't stop my go I've been born to be where I am A bright light from a distant star Miracles and answered prayers You can't stop my go I've been born to be where I am Mos light from a distant star Miracles and answered praaaaaayers... Yes, ye-hee-hees... Right now on it alwaaaaays... So shocking, never stopping Always keep the beat on popping Hah, ye-he-he-heeees... Hah, ye-he-heees... Right now on it always Author and associates are proud to present Static rhythms of Boogie Man productions Don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You hear the people say "Don't stop" Don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You don't, don't stop the rock You hear the people say "Don't stop" {*Repeat 5X to fade*} You can't stop my go I've been born to be where I am Bright light from a distant star Miracles "Don't stop" Artist: Mau Maus * Album: Bamboozled soundtrack Song: Blak Iz Blak Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Canibus, Charli Baltimore, Gano Grills, MC Serch, Mos Def, Mums * [Hard Black] Peep the math Mau Mau be about land and freedom Reperation and apologies, for Africa to America oddesseys Guerilla-type tactics on them socialistic fallacies It be about, the devestations of the social doministic thought Keep a brown man down sport They wantin to keep our (?) set nigga The way Franz Fanon put it, you lucky I ain't "wretched" yet [Big Black - Mos Def] Yo, you fucked up in the game now It's Big Black, Mr. Chairman of the Mau Mau I hear the world in all-black surround sound Barricaded so you can't move around now Doin this for my clan that ain't around now Buried six feet deep beneath the ground now My loud sound pound down make the earth crush in and bow down There's faultlines in the ground now - shake 'em down [Smooth Black - Charli Baltimore] Black Chevy, Mau Maus, gats ready BLAOW BLAOW, black deadly, femme fatale Underground, rats in this rat race and black race cats sell out to the blackface and rag grin, laugh not my light skin be S-M-O-O-T-H from pH UHH, backseat strappin in cause I'm the only bitch with Big Black and them [Chorus: Big Black + Mau Maus] Who the crew? M-A-U, M-A-U, gun ready Bout to attack the track when BLAK IZ BLAK Well how black? BLAK HEART, BLAK MIND, BLAK SOUL Mau Maus (HOOTIE HOO!) We was born to roll! Who the crew? M-A-U, M-A-U, aim fire Bout to attack the track when BLAK IZ BLAK How black? BLAK WOMB TIL WE REACH THE BLACK HEARSE What's black? - SHADE OF THE UNIVERSE [Mo Black - Canibus] Yo, yo Yo when Mo Black start to black out bitches pass out Stick my black dick in they mouth and dig they back out Black monk like Thesalonius, the government got a black phobia That's why they tap my black Nokia Black fathers, black mothers, black brothers handcuffed to each other, goin upstate in black buses Black thugs, wrap drugs in backwoods Smoke til they got black tongues, black lips and black lungs Blak iz blak, wack MC's get smacked Forced to go home and dial 1-800-I-CAN'T-RAP [1/16th Black - MC Serch] Aiyyo who that? Yo right there; blue eyes, and black hair Kill 'em with a rhyme, or the bottom of my Nike Airs So quick son pick one, you don't want me to finish or I'll quickly take you to 1950 and do you like the British Head on a spear, contusions ear to ear For Africa Maxima, I'ma drive you out of here Mr. 1/16th, born to kill your self esteem Born from part devil, part cracker from Queens Knowledge that we drop, you don't even build with That's like me winnin a rap Grammy, givin it to Lyn(?) Smith [Jo Black] Yo, yo Everything black is wack and shit Blackheads, blackmail, black cats and shit Funerals, niggaz gotta wear black and shit Black cars, black clothes on they backs and shit Blackballed, if we don't kiss they ass and shit Blacklisted see ya nigga, and you're gone that's it White bitches, they wanna be black and shit Tan lotion on they white flat ass and shit [Double Black] Aiyyo all the Mau Maus gather up and let's attack because they're tryin to fuck with our images and I think that shit is crazy wack And as a matter of fact, they want us niggaz to smile and laugh - I guess they never seen a bloodbath Brothers and sisters are dyin, babies are bein taken out So what the fuck they want me to rap about? About how happy I am, to be livin in the slum where little shorties walk around totin big guns [repeat in background] Hard Black droppin science, born to roll Mau Maus droppin science, born to roll Hard Black droppin science, born to roll Mau Maus droppin science, born to roll [Hard Black] Nigga, nigga you think these rhymes? You think they fuckin rhymes? This this this this PHILOSOPHY This the end of redneck-ass catastrophes Puttin a plunger in the, ass of my history! Forty-one shots of reality for the generations to come after me! As it be, hell hath no FURY like a black man scorned Nigga BLAK IZ BLAK, you've officially been warned Nigga - you've officially been warned You hear me? You've you you've OFFICIALLY BEEN WARNED You've been TOLD nigga, you've been fuckin OFFICIALLY been warned This is for your dome, straight up MAU MAU STYLE, BACK FROM THE FOREST KNAHMEAN? You've OFFICIALLY been told how it's gon' come down End of millineium sytle You've officially been told how it's gon' be, knahmean? Hard Black, Mau Mau Smooth Black, Mau Mau Big Black, Mau Mau 1/16th Black, Mau Mau Jo Black, Mo Black, Double Black.. {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Biker Boyz soundtrack Song: Kalifornia Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com {*singing*} This is the place... where you say {*talking*} People come from far, far, far away to find their dreams Chasin' down these meteors and comets (chasin' 'em, chasin' 'em, chasin' 'em down) Called dreams, in the sky of life (chasin' 'em, chasin' 'em, chasin' 'em down chasin' 'em, chasin' 'em) There certain hot spots Where these meteors and stars have tendency to fall And legend has it that California is one of those spots I believe that to be true {*singing*} They say this is the place stars are born They say this is the place (place) legends are made They say this is the place where angels come again, ay ay They say that this is the place where it all can happen for you (for you, for you, for you) California knows how to make dreams seem so sweet California knows how to- Place where ain't no ??? tell ya you're a star You're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star (star) You're a star and you keep on shinin' (you're a star, you're a star, you're a star, you're a star) Pretty girls by the oceanside (side) Stars that refuse to shine (shine, shine) This is on your mind (i-i-i-ind-i) California knows how to party (indeed) In the city of L.A. (ay ay ay ay ay ay ay) They say that angels come again In the city, city of Compton (Compton, Compton, Compton, Compton) Black people all over the ?other side? In the city of good ol' Watts (Watts, Watts, Watts, Watts, Watts) Make them stop, make them stop In the city, California don't stop (don't stop) All the way from L.A. to the Bay (indeed) Stars fall down here, that's what they say (indeed) All the way from L.A. to the Bay (indeed) Stars fall down here, that's what they say (indeed) It's everything they say, it's everything they say Distant lights from across the Bay California! It's the C-A-L-I-F-O-R-N-I-A California knows how to make me smile sometime Yes they do (woo) yes they do California-hey-ay knows how to do what they do When they do what they do When they do what they do to me and you too, hey-ay California-how-hey-ay-ay (phenomenon, phenomenon) Worldwide original style (indeed) Mos Def on the profile (indeed) Adamsville droppin' you so very well Worlwide original style (indeed) Mos Def on the profile (indeed) Adamsville rockin' you so very well Worldwide original style (indeed) Mos Def on the profile (indeed) Adamsville rockin' you so very well (indeed) Worldwide original style (indeed) Mos Def on the profile (indeed) Adamsville rockin' you so very well (woo) In the city of L.A. (ay ay ay ay ay ay ay) It's everything they say, it's everything they say It's everything they say, it's everything they say It's everything they say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def & Massive Attack Album: Blade 2 Soundtrack Song: I Against I Typed by: sizzla_kalonji@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mos Def][Hook] I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive my images reflect in the enemies eye and his images reflect in mine the same time I-ya, I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive [Mos Def] Right here is where the end gon' start at conflict, contact 'n' combat fighters stand where the land is marked at settle the dispute about who the livest 3 word answer Whoever survive this only one of us can ride forever so you and I cant ride together can't live or cant die together all we can do is collide together so I skillfully apply the pressure won't stop until I'm forever... one! A door step where death never come spread across time til my time never done and I'm never done walk tall, why ever run? when they move if I ever come? bad man never fret the war, tell'em come general we have the stock, the mad fire burn [Mos Def][Hook] I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive my images reflect in the enemies eye and his images reflect in mine the same time I-ya, I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive survive (x16) [Mos Def] Reign supreme in your U-N-I V-E-R-S-E with the sharpness narrow row building no space for partners no space for drivers, no space for walkers no space regardless your on my path then get off it hardheaded and unresponsive get they lives put on target with harshness come with the canons sparkin' they darken who am i? one man squadron Ma stir the fire this time that'd snatch your tomorrow the thousand yard spear that'll pierce through your armor you can get it on right now if you want to but when ya front 9 get marched through I warned you You know who forever belong to [Mos Def][Hook] I-ya, I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive my images reflect in the enemies eye and his images reflect in mine the same time I-ya, I-ya I against I flesh of my flesh and mind of my mind two of a kind but one won't survive my images reflect in the enemies eye and his images reflect in mine, survive survive (x16) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gangstalicious (Mos Def) Album: Boondocks Season 2 Episode 13: The Story of Gangstalicious 2 Song: Homies Over Hoes Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus w/ "bitch" whispered after each line] Homies over hoes, homies over hoes Homies over hoes, homies over hoes Do the homie! Do the homie! Do the homie! Do the homie! [Gangstalicious (Mos Def)] You never catch the 'Lic', rollin with no bitch 'Cause bitches ain't shit, you saw my crew is thick Whole bunch of knuckleheads, the bald heads and dreads Nigga, we hatin on them hoes like we hate the feds Bitch, cain't you see~?! Fall back away from me Me and my niggaz bumpin CHEST in the VIP Now bump it to the left, and bump it to the right 'Cause when you do the homie, nigga got to do it right [Gangstalicious (Mos Def)] Uh.. 'Cause bitches be trouble, be havin niggaz beefin You trickin on that ho, and yo' niggaz ain't eatin She pushin yo' whip, spendin all yo' cash Yo' homie got shot up, while you was in dat ass -- BEEITCH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Brooklyn 12" Song: Brooklyn (Alternate Version) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Brooknam, Bedsty, Crown Heights, mad hood What it is y'all, bust it yap [Verse 1] As is requested on the record my speech is live, devised or nothin' Fortified the weapon, the best was selected You ain't the mos def you the mos defective Bounce and keep steppin' My inkwell is a riverbed that resurrect the living dead I manifest what's considered but what isn't said Stay on the dot like a infrared It's off the block with whole different thread The durable, flame-resistant, breathable, fantastic fabric You all get into your formal wear, weave classics My speech fits so seamless ya need glasses to recognize the stitch on your nerve fiber The Black Star gon' make the whole world turn brighter You shine bright but my constellation burn brighter They ain't invited to the table, make it turn cipher They chattin' big words but backs is yellow like Big Bird When I flow you ain't seein' no dough like interns I'm professor, you a freshman just scared of your midterms The title on my bookbinding is "Advanced Mic Science" A champion can only rest at the place where the title is Brooklyn {*beat switches*} "And I'm Crooklyn's finest, Crooklyn's finest" -> Notorious B.I.G. [Verse 2] Believe that Brooklyn my habitat The place where it happen at Lives sway in the sharp balance of the battle-ax Irons is brandished at Thugs draw their hammer back It's where you find the News 2 crew cameras at It's where my fam is at, the Summertime Jam is at They play B.I.G. and get you open like a sandleback Hotter than candle wax Hustle and you can't relax The crack babies tryin' to find where their mammas at It's off the handle, black Where big police scandals at Turned in to action screenplay sold to Miramax The type of place where they check your appearance at And cats who know where all the hot low gear is at The stompin' grounds is where you find the pound smokers that be blazin' tron that have your wave cap floatin' back The doorstep where the "Dispossessed" posted at Dope fiends out on Franklin Ave. sellin' Zorarax You big ballin' better keep your money folded back Cuz once the young guns notice that, it's over black Brooklyn keep on takin' it, worldwide we known for that Flossy cats get it snatched like the local tax The place I sharpen up my baritone vocals at Where one of the greatest MCs was a local cat {*beat switches*} [Verse 3] uh huh yeah I keep it rockin' Classic like Adidas Top 10s I'm free from all feelings and toxins Mysterious like chessboxin' Roll with the force to stop gents from mixin' up their wicked concoctions Kweli, that's my (???) and thought is our department If you can't clean up, don't start then My print on the parchment translate finer and larger to leave the competition disheartened The stars shine black like carbon Writin' in my book of rhymes, all my words pass the margin To hold a mic I'm throbbin' I carry off the page Go on and on for days So my phrase autographed on the breeze you breathe Inhale the crisp air of the brand new seas Where we run things but things don't run we What you hear from me constructed carefully Walk until my brothers on the run so fearfully Passionate to the point of tearful They be like "Mos I FEEL YOU" Holdin' it down and still DO FO' REAL DUDE, I'm real true Radiate whatever I'm far from or near to Stay electric like eels who preside in the ocean tide Better tell the clothesline time to open wide, and RECIEVE this No trick, son we sleeveless So nice you can either recite or read this My semantic's deep like Atlantis secrets Who you got beef with? Then STATE your grievance MAKE IT KNOWN before my defense make a zone Make peace 'fore you find it too hard to make it home Vocal cords so powerful they might break a bone We rollin' with the natives, regulate the Terrordome Bout to enter to the ages where my crew take the throne My DNA is out of print, you can't make a clone So rockin' it, keep rockin' it A hundred percent "B-Boy Document" Magnetic marvelous, astonishin' accomplishments like consciousness Whether solo or partnership I dominate the conferences Can't say that twice, but you ain't that nice But Mos Def is, ain't that right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Brown Sugar Soundtrack Song: Breakdown Typed by: clh77@comcast.net YO! (1st Verse) Good evening ladies and gents, close and distant fam Let me break it down for ya'll exactly who I am...(CAV) That brotha straight off of Myrtle Ave That dude that make the other dude say that's my man, (CAV) It ain't nuttin' I want I can't have The haters know it's real and that's why they mad They struggle so hard while I just lay back They sound under pressure, sweaty and straight wack I rock like this because I ain't that, (CAV) Tell the players I'm taking the game back... Matta fact tell the coaches, the GMs, and owners Shut down the stadiums, it's ova I make the cat's in the back draw closer Get the comp choked up like white folks on Oprah Yeah you dope, but (CAV) is more doper Mo skill, mo style than mo folkas I hit the lab with good shit to smoke up And tell the sound man where I wanna go from Blow up, skit sheet across the notepad School em' all from the drop out to post grads What history book you do or don't have There's only two eras of rap, pre and post CAV Now you know that Stop the train, there's no place for the game left to go at (BREAK) CAV is my name but you can call me, (CAV) It's all the same abbreviated or whole Shout it out so it don't be a secret to folk it go, (CAV) Short for Cavee but I'm not from Cali I'm from the rotten apple, dirty streets and alleys Bed-Stuy Brooklyn doin'it exactly, Get at me!!! (2nd Verse) Holla!!...Like Missy and Ja Rule Ain't a crowd in the world that CAV cannot move Hot dude, cats was thinkin' it's not true But come front row at show, I got proof I went from sellin' candy in junior high school To servin' spoony g for the fiends, to gnaw to Got sent upstate on bus, (Not cool) In the yard thinkin' damn should've listen to ma duke Come home in 99, what the fuck I'm gonna do I won't move bundles, I got a new hustle I quit pie baking, started rhyme makin Buildin' up my rep to be one of the five greatest And I ain't saying CAV the best nigga out there But until he appear, I'm sittin'in his chair And I'ma need a few moments just to get in ya'll ear To make you forget the Duke was eva even here I got two words for the world, BE PREPARED!! I got three words for your girl, DON'T BE SCARED!!! And when they ask where the real hip-hop, IT'S OVA HERE!!! And when they ask where Brooklyn at, HOLD YA EAR!!!! It's like YEAH!!!!, Chris Antione Vashon Capricorn hit em' off with the classic bong and then I'm gone... Ridin' back to Brook-Lan... boyeeeeee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Faith Evans Album: Brown Sugar Soundtrack Song: Brown Sugar (Extra Sweet) (Scott Storch Mix) Typed by: maplehutt@hotmail.com [Mos Def] (Faith Evans) {other person} Woo, Ah, Official, Official, Ah, {Oh oh oh oh oh} Brown Sugar, Faith Evans, Big Mos {Oh oh oh oh, OH} (Wha what) Brooklyn is in the building, hell we own the building (Wha What) Heh, y'all just payin' rent, see I'm sayin'? {Oh oh oh oh oh, Oh oh oh oh oh} [Verse 1] Listen, now honey check it out ya got me mesmerized With your black hair and your fat ass thighs It's the way I hold it down to make my nature rise You got me in the boutiques pickin' out your size You make the push and I can't get it out my mind It's that body I can't get it out my mind Give it up ma, know it that your down to ride Hit the dance floor and bounce your hide You got to bounce with mine And let me know when your down to slide I tell Ad to swing around to ride Let's show you how I grind I make it splash like a thousand times I'm like the stars fallin out the sky, Big Mos Flaco make your waist get coast,  Make your green get smoke Make your cat get stroke Me and Pha make the track get dope We stay settin' pace in the race now let's go [Chorus: Faith Evans] {other person} Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Brown Sugar) Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah) Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (comin' Brown Sugar) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah) Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh Brown Sugar) Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah) Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Brown Sugar) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Hey yeah yeah eh) [Verse 2] It's like one, two, three, into the fo' Brooklyn is runnin' the show, let em know Former scramblers, my gamblers,  My dirty money handlers, my jugulars,  My hustlers, professional or amateur, woo (Give it to me) C'mon (Give it to me) I said what? (Give it to me) Uh (Give it to me) Uh, I got to get it all You got to get involved You ain't got it to give You gotta get along (Give it to me) C'mon (Give it to me) I said what? (Give it to me) Uh (Give it to me) Yeah, and if you holdin' it I make you let go of it And I'm a get it  'Till my getting things is over with (Uh huh) And why not love? Look what you got love You get me all charged up Expect me to stop what? (Oh yeah) C'mon mami, why you playin' with me? Fix your face while your waist face say it with me (What it is, oooh) [Chorus: Faith Evans] {other person} Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ooooooh) Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Uh, it's that Brown Sugar) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh}  Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ah Yeah yeah) Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ah ah) Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah rock out that Brown Sugar ah) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} [Mos Def (Faith Evans)] (Give it to me) Hah (Give it to me) Yeah (Give it to me, Give it to me) (Uh huh) (Oooh Yeah) C'mon (Give it to me, Give it to me) Hah (Give it to me, Give it to me) My call right here (Ooooh Yeah) My call comin' up right here (Oooh Yeah Yeah Yeah)  Yeah Faith let em know (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me)  Haha, yeah (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me) (What it is) Yes Indeed (What it is, what it is now) What it is, what it, what it is now (What it is, what it is now) (That's what it is) (Brown Sugar) (What it is, what it is now)  Uh (What it is, what it is now) sing ya steppin' (Gimme my Brown Sugar) Ah [Chorus: Faith Evans] {other person} Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh Yeah) Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oh Yeah) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (And make it, and make it hot for me) Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh, Brown Sugar Baby) Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh}  Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? (Give it to me) Come on baby won't cha give it to me? (Eeee) Make it hot like it's supposed to be Brown Sugar baby give it to me (Got to make it hot for me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Brown Sugar soundtrack Song: Brown Sugar (Fine) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Mos Def] (if you invited me) yeah, Cav Love, brown sugar Bout to set it like, yeah yeah y'all (uh huh) yeah yeah y'all (uh huh) yeah yeah y'all (uh huh) (if you invited me) Adjust my mic so I can touch it up right quick Show 'em how Brooklyn do, you know what I mean? (no doubt) Listen, yo Let's start it up (start it up) Let's get it flowin (get it flowin) Let's make a move (make a move) Let's get it goin (haha) I know it's feelin like everything you want, don't it? And you been waitin your whole life for one moment Well baby here it is (here it is) You better step to it (step to it) I know you ready right (ready y'all) Then baby let's do it (let's do it) Put your neck to it, put your arms and legs next to it Then put whatever else is left to it See you're all in (all in) now you about to rock 'em Got your focus man, now they got a problem Who you talkin to? son right there The man in the mirror, I see him quite clear Do your thing Cav (yeah son) Work it out dog (work it out) Open up their minds (open up) Be about yours (bout yours) Silence everyone who ever try to doubt yours Get your mind right (mind right) Keep your sound raw (sound raw) Heavy bass man (bass man) Make it bounce more (bounce more) Make 'em feel it from to the ceilin to the ground floor (if you invited me) How it sound y'all? I know it's crazy, right I know it's crazy tight, don't ever take me light It's Cav Love y'all (Cav Love y'all) And that's what's up y'all (sup y'all) I peeped in, I know exactly what you want y'all I make it jump y'all (jump y'all) So put 'em up y'all (up y'all) Brown Sugar, Brooklyn, it's bout to jump off [Hook: Mos Def and singer] You got to (give it to me) You need to (give it to me) (uh huh) You better (give it to me) (give it to me) ha ha, brown sugar Leave the ground shook up (uh) Got the world sweatin like fiends without cook up Come on, you know you really wanna (give it to me) You better (give it to me) You got to (give it to me) (give it to me) brown sugar, ha Lick your lips to it Work your hips to it (ha) And steady rockin like this to it [Mos Def] It's like one, two, three, and to the four The brother Cavvy Cav is here so let him know This for my hustlers (my hustlers) This for my scramblers (scramblers) This for my sexy mamis (sexy mamis) This for everybody (everybody) Bang it at any party and watch 'em rock to it Bounce some pop to it, this here's hot music Duke I'm not losin, you need to stop foolin I know the game very well boy I'm not stupid Sharp and smart movement, applyin a heart to it Came here to get the ghetto blocks movin (if you invited me) And after rockin in the porch and backyards movin Keep it crackin cuz I love the way that y'all do it [Hook: Mos Def and singer] You got to (give it to me) You need to (give it to me) You better (give it to me) (give it to me) ha, brown sugar Leave the ground shook up Observe the way how we make it sound hit up Like you got to (give it to me) You need to (give it to me) You got to (give it to me) (give it to me) Brown Sugar Lick your lips to it (huh) Work your hips to it (yeah) And steady rockin like this to it like damn baby, damn baby, damn baby, damn ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh damn baby, damn baby, damn baby, damn baby ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh damn baby, damn baby, damn baby, damn baby ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh ooh ahh, ooh ahh ooh ahh damn baby, damn baby, damn baby, damn baby if you invited me if you invited me Artist: Mos Def & Mekhi Phifer Album: MTV's Hip Hopera Soundtrack: Carmen Song: Black & Blue Typed by: EDDIO316@aol.com [Mos Def] You don't like me huh? Well I like me I got somethin to say to you I see you standin on the side wit your smile and your crooked eyes Acting like a man but a chick frontin in disguise Open on some thicker thighs, smokin on a blunt of lies Tradin in a badge for a sash sayin sucker hi Lookin at her son now, probably make a mother cry Should of listened to that song tellin' you to "Walk on by" But you didn't now your washed up like a cup of tide Let me know I got the heat when you think it's time to dry [Mekhi Phifer] What you think you talkin 'bout mistake me for some other guy Need to buy a watch cause ain't no shorty gonna give the time Day or nights birthdays, Kwanzas or Valentines Big talk, really small but you ain't a friend of mines You ain't even genuwine sweeter than a Cinnabon [Mos Def] But wit five fingers and a fist I'm deadly as the Pentagon You don't want beef with MILLER cuz I'm ILLER [Mekhi Phifer] Or because you bout as criminal as killers [Mos Def] Whoa how, I see you slick with the words now Bad cause you got a chick with some curves now Calm your nerves down you was locked Carmen Brown Draws had hers down scored on the first down Yeah, so get your keys out your purse now Run to your car before you're laying in a hearse clown [Mekhi Phifer] How you sound yo you dirtier than Jers now Extortin all that money thought you'd have a couple furs now [Mos Def] Ha, watch ya speed I don't wanna play around You got your head in the clouds I'm bout to bring it to the ground It's somethin that you need to know [Mekhi Phifer] They got you on video? [Mos Def] Sike but your girl Carmen Brown is a silly hoe Artist: Beyonce Knowles, Mos Def, Sam Sarpong Album: MTV's Hip Hopera Soundtrack: Carmen Song: If Looks Could Kill (You Would Be Dead) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Beyonce] Sweetness flowing like a faucet, body bangin' no corset Brother's wanna toss it but they lost cause my game ain't no forfeit Slicker than a porpoise and thicker than a horse's Carmen Brown got the whole town speechless I stick to my thesis, I stick to my features Brother's try to hold but they game never reaches And most of these cats are like the middle of peaches I see you lookin' at but what you lookin' at You want a bomb, wanna twist me like a bottle cap [Mos Def] I'm tryin' to holler miss to see if you gon' holler back [Beyonce] Your game is wack and no you will not get your quarter back See this is Carmen, curves like a quota sack Skin coffee and cream, your donuts, you ain't dunkin' that [Mos Def] But this is Milla, Lieutenant if you're wonderin' [Sam Sarpong] And I'm Natheniel, (Mos Def) Mel Gibson (Sam) Danny Gloverin' [Beyonce] I knew not he you might as well be mumblin' See I have dreams of the man what would become of him There's not a kid out here who can make me believe I should postpone my goals, he got tricks up his sleeve Whole bar full of cups and you ain't lockin' me down [Mos Def] I got a warrant for ya heart and bear for the trial [Sam] Get a pardon if ya come with the sargeant now [Beyonce] Give me a chair cause I don't care I ain't feelin' your style [Hook x2] Yo, I'm tryin' to get with you shorty (But I'm not feelin' you) But I'm an officer shorty (My looks are killin' you) Murder one will get you under the covers (Game talk or manslaughter I ain't feelin' you brothers) [Beyonce] Eyes like the ocean [Mos Def] Ma I got some lotion Hold ya thighs, raise em' high and daddy long stroke em' [Beyonce] Hair like forever [Sam] I swear I could do it better Take the gun out my holster, I still rock a beretta [Beyonce] You brothers sweat Carmen like Patrick Ewing But that kid [Mos Def] Don't waste ya time he ain't worth doin' He just a sargeant, passin' out tickets for parking [Sam] Chickenheads cluckin' [Beyonce] Pitiful fools barkin' See this is Carmen, voice sweet as Marvin I turn out lights with the switch when I'm walkin' Girls steady jealous cause they man always hawkin' Even got Lou lookin' at me like he stalkin' And I got a mind too, wouldn't bless you If your first name was Ha-Choo, on Sunday singin' gospel [Mos Def] You ain't a dime just a nickel actin' high school [Beyonce] Headed for the big top and bouncin' on this side show The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Mos Def Converse All-Star Commercial Song: Invisible Game Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com Before Mr. Taylor taught the world to play Before fiberglass Before parquet Before the word "Doctor" was spelled with a "J" And ballrooms were ballcourts where the Renaissance played Before the hype and before the dunk After the rhythm but before the funk Before the money and before the fame Before new school and old school Before school had a name It was only a ball and the soul of the game Converse The first school The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: DJ Soul: Competition is None Song: Very Well Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com So what you doing I'm feeling very well Rocking this from Brooklyn, this is my vibration Make you have sensation, when you hear the jam All you want to say is happiness yo Sometimes I get a feeling inside it's like (what) It's something type of hard to explain it's like (what) I got a good vocab and such but Ock Somethings still remain out of touch- it's like Your very first kiss or- it's like Like a new pair of kicks or You know what I'm saying Ock It's just the vide I can't articulate it It's better demonstrated And when it's integrated Then things get rennovated It's deeply contemplated Before I operated My steady advance will keep the jams populated Okay okay I'm ready, (alright) I'm feeling good Beats by 88 Key, Mos Def the emcee The HOTtest entry, inside your benzy Yo they got digitals now, true That's old school Don't run no new game, I like the old rules- like Early to sleep and early to wake You keep your long on money and short on mistakes I speak on beat breaks, my jams is keep sakes So recite that (cite that) I said recite that (CITE that) Cause when I'm laying down here baby it's tight phat When I react that ain't no army that can strike back And if they do they catching more than the eye jab (poof) A lot of cats like to bite, I copyright that So when you hear it on your box you say "I like that" Send salaams to Abstract, is this the right track? We staying, underground like the NTA Be controller of the rock like the NBA I remember days when supper was the empty tray But I still held it down for mines an-y-way See I still held it down for mines an-y-way See I still held it down for mines an-y-way It's how we do say, Hey man what you doing Feeling very well Rocking this from Brooklyn This is my vibration To make you have sensation Family situation When you hear the jam All you want to say, is Happiness- yo The era we entering is mad exciting Sometimes I got more rhymes than I remember writing I stand like a titan above the mental midget My safe originate from seven-eighteen digits Thats BROOKLYN- for area code impaired Medina of the planet for cats from out there Mos Def official native of the Bed-Stuy section I'm standing 5'10" with the chocolate complextion I keep the function moving in the right direction I'm coming with the new to keep the next crew guessing Who you stressing! Pump your brakes and slow down I hold court, you get cut short like pronoun I throw down just like Ali in Zyaire I'm fresh from my feet to the roots in my hair Kangol and Wallabees is some gear that I wear Skid out to Chamber Street and I copped the fly pair And I DARE- anyone of these new chaps To step in the arena without they crew's back Approahing the recital with titles you lose that Send home a telegram to relay the news that the M- for magnificant O- praise omnipotent S- for significant D- for type different E- for effic-ient F- the fly fisherman Netting everything from here to Lake Michigan So all my people if you're out there listening Give me a shout and let me know what you getting in Some emcees ain't even worth mentioning Let's congregate and compilate these Benjamins We take the crown and break them down like divis-ion To realize what my eyes is envisioning Dollars correct and I'm the man on deck But otherwise I gotta jet, it's no disrespect Otherwise I gotta jet, it's no disrespect Otherwise I gotta jet, it's no disrespect Otherwise I gotta jet, it's no disrespect Hey man what you doing Feeling very well Rocking this from Brooklyn This is my vibration To make you have sensation Family situation When you hear the jam All you want to say, is Happiness The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Ecko United Presents: Underground Airplay Version 1.0 Song: Jam On It Typed by: OGRalphis7@hotmail.com To all my people in the back jam on it {Right} To all my people in the front jam on it {ha ha, ha ha} To all my people on the side jam on it {he he, he he, right} So jam on it, say what [Mos Def] The sweet old beats my speech radiates I grab the mic my voice resulates and penetrates I make the "B-Boy" emulate A buck-fifty still swinging like a heavyweight Me and the lounge about to levitate You don't believe let me demonstrate The way we make cats disintegrate [Voice] Well hold up you got to stop the tape You got to prove you can rock the bricks Me and my man going to investigate The whole way that you operate, cooperate And what's your name? {Mos Def} And where you from? {Brooklyn} And how you living {Very well, very well} Damn you had to say it twice? {That's right} So you nice? {Damn right} [Mos Def] I rock the party all night all night {All right, all right} So why you over here ripping with me? Trying to prove you position to me? {Some cats ain't equiped to MC} But you can see I'm different "G" The universal magnificently I rock the party eficiently From the Brooklyn but centered to (?) And I do it so lyrically That you got to give it to me Like Rick James, I kick game and spit flame Burning rappers all up out their frame We get into this vein From Brownsville all the way down to Brisbean {Damn this brother's flow is insane} That's what I've been trying to explain Got no time to play games Keep it coming like the next train Make the party people exclaim Whenever they hear my name They go "Mos Def" Oh yes my style is so fresh Guranteed to win any MC contest Old school like the eighty-four fresh dress You spend you assets to get my cassette Now that's fresh, the red hook address Make a cop jealous swell like abscess I'm shoutin' bigs up to Medina and the rest Bout' to drop it on your block a high on the press [Chorus with singing in backround] I said people in the front jam on it {Say what, say what} To all my people in the back jam on it {Say what, say what} To all my people on the side jam on it {Ha ha, ha ha} Jam on it, Ha ha, ha ha To all my people in the front jam on it To all my people in the back jam on it To all my people on the side jam on it So jam on it, ha ha, ha ha [Mos Def] You see my name is Mos Def and my style will never pest Brown skinned body-rocking MC I got the black zodiac and you know it's never whack Sagitarius definatley You see it's me and lyricist and we're getting serious about to make another hit I tell your homeboy chill cuz' his style ain't ill but it's straight up counterfeit You see I'm fast or bent or sweet then bullet and when I'm on the set All the hip-hop fans just raise they hands because the one and only mighty Mos Def You see I come into the party in a "B-Boy" stance I rock the mic so viciously So all the real "B-boys" and real "B-Girls" never know others better than me [Voice] I said hey Mos Def you can't steal the show You ain't the only MC out here with flow I'm the Pro-Castro and I'm letting you know That I get on the mic and go toe to toe [Mos Def] Well cool young brother and just slow you role Cuz' your arm's to shook to have mic control See I get on the mic and jump off your case You best get out my face and stay in a child's place [Voice] See I get on the mic because I know I can And I'm fresher than you because I know I am So when I jump on the stage you better step back Because your name is Mos Def but your really Mos Whack [Mos Def] Uh listen up little brother you ain't grown The sun is going down you need to take you butt home And come outside with your whack freestylin' You should have kept it in the house like Debbie Galler When I grab the microphone people scream my name The ain't no sesame street this is a grown-man's lane See you best heed my words and listen up Or I'm a tell your momma to whip your butt [Voice] Well you ain't my daddy and I'm letting you know That you can't tell me when it's time to go See I get on the mic and show you what it's about Cuz' even my momma said knock you out [Mos Def] Well if you didn't know baby boy I'm a tell ya' You need to learn to respect your elders But since you here and you think you got skill Then get on the mic and show your real [Voice] Well I'm the devastatin' never fakin' Always keep your body shakin' Steady rockin' never stoppin' Keep your body always jockin' Rock the beat, shock the beat Till' it's time to stop the beat Steady moving show improvement Keep the party keep on groovin' [Mos Def] Well hey young blood that was fresh You just got one hundred on your MC test You got a soul-shocking body-rocking set you see You need to pack up your bags and get down with me [Chorus with singing in backround] So jam on it, so jam on it I said jam j-jam j-jam on it I said were rocking to the bright early morning I said jam j-jam j-jam on it This is the one to keep inside the jam And make you get up and just do that dance This is the one to keep inside the jam And make you get up and just clap your hands New York you got to jam on it And Atlanta got to jam on it And BK you got to jam on it Got to jam on it, you got to jam on it And Miami you got to jam on it And California you got to jam on it (?) got to jam on it Got to jam on it, got to jam on it Chicago got to jam on it And Detroit cuz' they got to jam on it And St. Louis got to jam on it Got to jam on it, got to jam on it The whole world you got to jam on it And Brooklyn yes we got to jam on it The "Lyricist" just to make you jam on it Make you jam on it, make you jam on it {And don't you hear the sound...} {Mos Def and Lyricist Lounge...} Artist: Cappadonna, Channel Live, Crunch Lo, Mos Def,  	Rock, Shyheim, Wise Intelligent Album: Hip-Hop for Respect EP Song: One Four Love Pt. 2 Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com [Shyheim] The precinct is crooked, my man got grabbed up Had cracks on him worth about a bullet They just took it, asked him questions like, "Where's the guns?" They tried to cheat him to tell them where was Un The God ten deep in a red fifteen passenger Guns out when they jumped out, pointed at us Here comes, what they call a procedure Slammin us against a gate, cuffin us before they beat us [Channel Live] It's like they can't trust us, they wanna bust us and crush us, they sayin f' us, there's no peace, no just-us They claim to protect us, they serve and they wreck us Never respect us, arrest us and always stress us To see the Devil die is my purpose of to live up Self-determinance is the must, I practice Kool G jog-a-leos Free your mind and yo *bitch* is sure to follow and free will come to lock it down, look out for tips thats hollow [Wise Intelligent (of Poor Righteous Teachers)] It's P.I.T. supreno Mix it down, dedicated to Steve Feliciano Directored that steam and gouge Danno F' the five-oh pronto, cuz I know First head to take the white and burst lead Never did but might have to do it Lies twenty-five, hollow shots in a pro-active unit 7-A, M-J, stop the BS movement, that's how we do it Mobilize the people, conscious *niggas* get to it [Chorus: Mos Def (of Black Star)] My people unite and let's all get down We got to have one love, peace and understandin One God, one love, one life One aim, one voice, one fight [Chorus 2: Mos Def] My people unite, hop up and do a right We got to have one love, peace and understandin One God, one love, one life One aim, one voice, one fight My people unite, hop up and do a right (echoes) Keep it tight y'all, do it right y'all [Cappadonna] Yo, forget police brutality, I worked for a salary and did time for a crime I didn't commit They tried to beat me in my head, make a brotha submit Hit me in the face with sticks, lockin me down for bein around Still remember, never surrender into the beast The man, peace for Diallo My reality is to fight back police brutality [Crunch Lo (of Othorized F.A.M.)] Mr. Officer got my trapped in a dark corridor Long hallway, they in luck with the gunplay Swing knight sticks, run thicker than Bloods and Crips Harass mad cats and it don't make sense Roll around in dark tints, fiendin to match finger prints Search me down everyday and you still ain't content [Rock (of Heltah Skeltah)] Oh-oh-oh-oh Calm your nerves down, bop your heads too high Let 'em know Rock, stop wonderin why you keep gettin knocked Cuz you a part time dealer, prob'ly a part time pops Not a part time killer, but them dudes is full time cops Make a hustle stupid, you half *ass* black acts Stack, use your head for than a hat rack, Jack Start runnin your life instead of runnin the streets Runnin your mouth, oh yeah, stop runnin from beasts [Chorus x4] Artist: Breezly Brewn', Dante, El-P, Imani Uzuri, Jah-Born 	John Forte, Main Flow, Mr. Khaliyl, Mr. Len, Nine 	Punchline, Talib Kweli, Tiye Phoenix, What?What? Album:	Hip Hop For Respect EP Song: Protective Custody Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com {Dante of (Mood)} Yo, move recite chapters Rappers write scripts for actors Don't rap about the facts, till they attack the catch Handcuff the shackel, stand up get tackled The featers of your leaders heaters on their Adam's apple Keep quiet, be silent the sphere no weak vibe We defy, a new in it root, for street wise Got to stop it, and taxes for guns, wars and wackers Puttin prophet's in their pockets And lock it till I promise {Dante & Main Flow (of Mood)} MF: They stoled knots, hold spots, trapped in the road block DT: We globetrot, we roll pop, running from old cops MF: The whole shots, cold plots, Babylon's gold pot DT: Loan glocks, cold shots, set off like we sold rocks {Main Flow (of Mood)} We dealing with NARCS and cases Deaths over parking spaces Evil hearts are races, or higher dark places Brutality on mark faces, car chases Incarceration, unite so we can spark the nation {Nine} You got the right to remain silent and at the same time You got the right to remain violent and aim nines They got no love for, just slugs for you Who want it? I fight back like a rat when he cornered Catch me at the light, windows tinted, 35 percent Breakin ya neck, to see who's in it What is my intent? Trying to live, without the nonsense You dying to give {Tiye Phoenix} Yo yo, the spokesqueen, number one Tiye Phonenix The black Venus Demalo Dopper then Tae Bo, every man, woman and child know We unified force against the shooters of Diallo And now there sure to lose like Luther at the Apollo For Amistad to Amadou, attacked in these streets The term COP really stands for Cappin Our Peeps They shot a 40 round, are brother got slaughtered down We push thru the border now, Jahad hold it born down {Brezzly Brewn' (of the Juggaknots)} You wanna be a fuckin accident, the beast was barkin You wanna know how many accidents to rob a New Yorker? And the possible attrocity,  millimeters from the kids set the glock With a ferocity, seemin as it's inbread While I stated innocent, but stressing it You sure that it was decolit,  It could of been an isolated incident Nothing was found, no hard feelings I fight bad guys Strutting around like Keith Christ huttin the site airtime {Talib Kweli} This goes out to MC's who used to rock in Washington Square Park Now Guiliani got it locked after dark, so he mastered the art Of livin the death, shadow is a, nuff of a battle To dodge the police,  and have to rise above the trap of the barrel My people spill blood in the streets I'm never running from beast Can I get a response from all the revolutionaries in this piece? (yeah!!) What up, cuz of the way we think they want to incarcerate us They think time will break us, but time won't break us {Punchline} I rock a vest even when I take shots to the balls The type that write the word police on a unmarked car I resent you, gettin off easy if they suspend you I end you, hope they use your own gun against you It's all mental, my man died in the streets I'm pouring out liquor, until there's nuthin to drink That's how many cats died, slaid by the beast That night, 5-0 held caught in the streets *scratching by El P & Mr. Len of Company Flow* {El-P} Petrofied little venomist, school yard outcasts From disfunctional world of redneck garbage Community bitch out, seekin power over  confiscate from miniscule shit court And repress sexual activity style,  need of location when standing Spliff of the semi-retarted, or pro defensive Spontaneous violence and compasive lying Package dukes that has a lunchbox with a glock  and Ku Klux decoder ring Who sing Kumbaya to the tune of a man dying {Jah-Born (of Medina Green)} Y'all seen the front page? another black man slayed By the beast hit with a rain, or 4 glocks got sprayed Hey Giuliani, was 41 shots necessary? Now my people's got to worry, bout the cops that be killin me Justice? All I see is Just Us Gettin knocked locked and bust, without a word discussed NYPD, should be NYPIG I don't deal with the swine, don't want swine dealin with me {What?What?} These shot happy motherfuckers legally ready to blaze With raised triggas and cocked back with plans to fake figgas Who black and innocent, Fuck it let's get militant Run up in the precint, strapped with gats With full clips loaded, aimed at there heads Stay in the feds, double 20 plus one round to blood red Revenge, we must return to avenge my brother, we coming The first sister holdin the lead {John Forte} El Capitano keep my guns high I run from New York cuz I'm alumni The fact I'm in it, half street, half academic I memorize my stash number, the flash number Ya pig stinch, plus your badge number Ya precinct, and the Irish lad you served under I'm probaly grinding drugs, come from hittin the kitchen A black man in a pretty car will fit the description You gettin informed quick You racist fuck, I was born in it {Mr. Khaliyl} I seen it happen before, and it could happen again You on a block mine on your own and then you let by your friends Cuz they ain't down to scrap, just wanna ride in your Benz But when the cops is on the beat, that's when the party begins Like a karate picture, the way the mop the floor with ya All caught up in the heat, not a doctor can stitch you Nobody movin with you, cuz you really ain't bout it Now there's fear in your heart, and there's blood in your mouth It's like something we never seen before It's almost like we dreamed it all Live or die, either or, my blood is what they fiending for My people's screamin for the justice we deserve Set 41 back, we leaving 22 in the curb *more scratching* Artist: A.L., Fre, Grafh, Invincible, Jane Doe, J-Live,  	Kofi Taha, Mos Def, Rubix, Tame One, Wordsworth Album: Hip Hop for Respect EP Song: A Tree Never Grown Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "1, 2, 3, 4" 10x [88 Keys] Yo, this is 88... This is for Amadou Diallo Rest in peace, you still here [Fre] Yo, I'm in a brownstone singin like Brownstone Bird's eye view wit the bodega Know Omega like Rakim Thinkin about brother Diallo I find it hard to swallow Cuz 41 is a hard act to follow Who is it, it can happen tomorrow Goes down all the time in some African community This one just hit closer to home Cuz it happen it in our backyard This that *shit* bring us closer to home They ask "What you writin fo'? What you writin on that paper fo'?" Don't ask me nuttin, just tell me  How is safer got me safe, that's why my raps sour My peoples screamin "Black power!" and la razah  From the Bronx, police bustin, it's redemption time [J-Live] Now in the squad car, CPR's supposed to be the motto But in they minds, they be like "Yo, I'ma do Diallo" I guess master's noose was a bitter pill to swallow Cuz nowadays, tips ain't the only things that's hollow Constitution, 41 more holes in it And cops swingin sticks like they tryin to win the pennant And stickin sticks places where they ashamed to admit it But that's the straw that broke the camel's back THEY GON' GET IT!!  [Rubix] Possessed by a nervous twitch and itchy writin finger 41 strokes through the barrel of pen for Amadou More than a few of my personal friends Since the beginning, it seems like it never ends The story, ancient as lyrical allegory and it's all gory The Little Shop of City Hall Horrors Who bakes infiltrate, agent, provocator mission statement Assassinate the Senate candidate, heavenly mandate [Chorus: Mos Def] We proceeded on a country road His mother's eyes withered swoll Her child was never comin home Said a prayer for his soul As the coffin had closed, committed to the earth below First seed she would sew, would be a tree never grown Shade that was never known Who controls the Terrordome, the member hearts made of stone Who love only what they own [Invincible] Stay on your toes for a true bruise description  Match blue suits, walkin round wit a stick and *edit* Ready to blast wit the wrath of a hollow tip And the fact is my task is a scholarship I feel it in my chest cavitity The only death's apathy, so I change it for who's next after me And that's the fullest reward Keep the face of the lost on my bulletin board [Wordsworth] Yo yo, it's blue uniform, sirens, names, and badge numbers Clubs, walkie-talkies, recipies for bad summers Frisked, pissed after I tuck in my stuff I really think they just like touchin my *nuts* What's real stain they thoughts Swear, but they won't say it in court All they do is change the report Riots, tryin to keep the crowd under control They even got shows, Cops, LAPD, Highway Patrol yo yo [A.L.] From the cradle to the grave, they made you a slave Brainwash to kill each other, that's the plague that they made I search em like readin scripts that could save you today White is right, black is wrong, that's the label they gave Fryin in hell, applyin jails, they got you dyin in cells Triple six in the mix, Levine to ?spell? Prepare for the worst, and try to hope for the best I take a stare at the hearse, can we cope wit the stress? [Kofi Taha] I live in the land of punches Illegal chokeholds and excessive gunshots Where there's one millionaire for every billion empty pot And Adolf Guily think we static but he's in for a shock They come wit automatics but we flip it Use the one, create the four glocks and while stocks get washed While school doors get locked and when jobs get blocked The confi-dence get's rock  And when the welfares drop into the jails we stock now After Amadou wrestlin wit freedom tacks my mind into a headlock But *fuck* H&R, I'm a true cat Refundin power back to our Blocks Chorus [Tame One] Good life, you can bubble or struggle Use your brain muscle if you hustle Don't let nobody touch you Don't even trust the ones that trust you Cuz the ones you showin love to might bust Seekin as a cancer, my man got shot by Haitians or Jamaicans ? wit confrontations and school my mind's racin I pride these sensations over this, now I'm hopin this We shine for, I never got a chance to rhyme for My role models sold bottles and stole cars And when they got locked, I accepted all the phone calls That's when *niggas* was real Back before I had a deal Back when people called Villsburg Hooterville ILL!!! [Jane Doe] My mind wonders on melodic jams An exotic bird, caged wit the rage and the violence of my words The same things I down I turn around and do The white cops say *Fuck you* but I say *Fuck you too!* Truth be totally hypocrites And materialistic society, spirituality shunned or While young kinds get gunned on Hibernatin in projects, which you project-ing The pigs is crucifyin but Africans is resurrectin, Jane Doe [Grafh] Battacky, sends cops to come and catch me He better send a runnin back to run and track me When I'm runnin through the back streets The rat teeth of beast lovin to black me Eatin brothers like a picinic color cuz that's sweet To lock a man up in prison, the standard of livin Thinkin they make a better bred of man  Than the man when he went in Rub up a man for sinnin Handcuff his hands to the system, banned from his wisdom Wit insanity in him, his mind roams wit like a cyclone Damagin victim, his eyes hold savage within him Wrath wit the venom, poison his life  No ointment to boisten the might If it's on the left, walk to the right Until death, do your part do your life Like a boyfriend and wife, because the day times shorter than night You know? Chorus [88 Keys] Yo, black is fragile remember that Cherish everyday Live life to the fullest, aight? Artist: Common, Dice Raw, Flo Brown, Jazzyfatnastees, Mos Def, The Roots Album: The Hurricane soundtrack Song: Hurricane Typed by: popsie@home.com Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind [Black Thought] Yo, talk about paying the ultimate price Hurricane been incarcerated all of his life Started out at like twelve  Trapped in a belly of hell Grew into a man inside of a cell Yo, anger just swell up At a early age that develop Hot head and now it ain't shit y'all could tell him They said he's on a road to become a felon But instead he swung blows that'll spilt your melon He did his thing and was the king of the ring, undisputed Started making noise but they tried to mute it They put him through it For him to make the system look stupid, [yo] They rather look you in the face and shoot it And leave your spot looted [or what] Or leave your whole life blank futured and caught When you scream at it and do it With sweat leaking from the outline of your soluid Don't understand the point that you at Or how the hell you came to it? Flashback to images of that night, out in Patterson They pulled him over heading home from a gathering And when they told him the charge it kind of baffled him Murder in the first for the champ, we on that again? Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever Could ya'll stand the weather? You built for that weather? Yo, know what'm saying? Know what'm saying? [Common] You gotta fight for what you believe in Nobody knows the troubles seen This flick left me wondering 'What can become of kings and young kids?' Summer dream deferred, incident occured, freedom blurred A freedom that would only be retrieved again in words, later on The cops, y'all know what they be on A nigga's life is like a field that they play upon, away and gone from Natural lifer, a soul he had to fight, Learn it himself, sleep days, stay up half the night Amongst dead man walking, he got afterlife exercising, Developing his knack to write Never leaving his cell, in this world he trapped himself What he loved on the outside world, detached himself You know the cards Blacks get dealt by the system He drew a picture of freedom with many dimensions This picture proved to be bigger than Black and White A young soul named Lesra brought him back to life It's amazing to a man what a book could do And how certain books seem to look for you This is the story of a champion's fall and rise The story left me wiping my eyes Peace Ru Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever and ever yo, locked down forever Could you stand the weather? Yo, yo i can't even explain the pain Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Mos Def] Yes, I am the inescapable, the irresistable, The unnegotiable, the unchallenged [who dat?] I am time I scroll in measurements, control the elements, I hold the evidence, I tell the story [say what?] I am time I know no prejudice, I bare no sentiments For wealth or settlement, I move forward [who you?] I am time You can't recover me, conceal or smuggle me, Retreat or run from me, crawl up or under me, You can't do much for me besides serve Me well and have good dividends returned to you Or attempt to kill me off and have me murder you Many have wasted me but now they are facing me, Treated me unfaithfully and now endure me painfully Plaintively, I wait to see what history will shape to be, Who's hearts will never die inside the sake of me Angel's scribe the page for me, Keep a full account of all the names for me And make a special mark for Hurricane who (?) patiently Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, a Hurricane forever, Imagine your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain Imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever and ever, ever Could you hold it together? Yo, can't explain the pain with words, know'm saying? Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Verse 4] The clouds clashed and the heaven's gave birth to star God placed it in a man on the day he was born Convicted minutes after, a true natural disaster Framed for manslaughter, the Hurricane Carter rising From out the south water, like torrential rains In the ring no opponent escaped unscathed You can't believe the world we live in's injust All I see is more proof, there's no place for us They had my man Carter locked in a cage, like an animal Drive him to the point where the mind work mechanical Or works by remote control  It was done to all of us, they tapped directly into our soul Either it's sing-sing, or it's bars around your mind There's no where to run, no where to hide In a six-by-six a guilty man cries For repentance and lost is what innocence is Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain, know'm saying? Your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine behind bars forever Could you stand the weather? You built for that? Is you cut for that? Don't be telling me that you know the pain Your life was like a hurricane, yo Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def, Q-Tip, Tash Album: Lyricist Lounge - Volume One Song: Body Rock Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos Def] Aight, uhh, alright y'all slow down I'm tryin ta Aight, yo I I only took a little bit of Spanish you gotta Aight I hear what you're sayin but yo, aight okay Alright okay, alright okay okay Alright okay, I'm feelin you, okay Alright okay, alright okay okay Alright okay, I'm feelin you yo All my people in Brooklyn and you know we're hot, I say 	We don't stop, the Body Rock All my people in Queens and the land in between say we 	Don't stop, the Body Rock Shaolin and L-I say you know we're fly, say we 	Don't stop, the Body Rock From the East to the West son we take it to the chest say we 	Don't stop, the Body Rock Check me out y'all I'm in the lab with Ab, I got the pen and pad My man T-A-S-H take it to yo' breastplate It's the Mighty Mos Def, complete the trilogy Just shot myself a dime, see are you feelin me? Son I'm wicked and nice when I'm on facility Let me take a sec to review what I wrote.. {*paper rustling*} .. "Mos Def and I sound par fresh" OK it's dope let's record this ('cord this) they gonna want dis (want dis) And all area crew is gon' applaud dis {*clapping*} And when we step to the plate Pah it's flawless My man T-A-S-H with styles glory great Great, great great, great great uh uhh uh uhh uh uhh uh [Tash] Up next we got CaTash with that West coast rhymin Bombin niggaz with the style as dangerous as mountain climbin (ahhhh!) Cause the Alkie words I'm spittin be twistin while you listenin Plus I'm in this motherfucker with the Likwit coalition that'll leave you in position, twisted backwards like dough go While you starin down my throat like, "Is he drunk or is he sober?" WHO KNOWS, all I know is Tash got flows and got the technique to get the ladies out of they clothes I been overly exposed to the forty-oh's and chickens So I'ma keep it pumpin til the beat stop kickin or til the plot thickens, cause this is how we do CaTashTrophe, Mos Def, and the brother man QUE!!!! [Q-Tip] What's up Tash, hey yo, Tip can't call it Sure as Mos is Def and you Alkaholik I'ma be surfin at, thing that's worth dealin Hypodermically, shoot up your feelin Figuratively, speakin of course now old and greedyness, seekin it's course now what we gonna do, eradicate them Shoot them from the jam, they be diseased phlegm [Mos Def] Tash Love...	are you ready to rock the mic? Q-Tip...	are you ready to rock the mic! Mos Def...	are you ready to rock the mic? We got the universal style that you got to like! And ain't nobody steppin up when we got the mic So turn the A.C. up cause it's hot tonight! And til the bright early morn' we be rockin you all Don't stop, the Body Rock! [Tash] Cause I'm next to flex, and I'm technically advanced to turn you on like cybersex, so in less than two sec's I blind MC's like Thomas Dolby with the Science that'll leave they braincells fryin slowly (FIRE!) so slowly I flow and express written consent, from the undergroundin niggaz Coast II Coast I represent cause gettin bent, I do but I'm doper than sherm plus the way I put it down could burn the perm off Big Worm, so peep this private screening of the Last Action Hero that be freezin rappers dead in they tracks like Sub Zero (Zero), cause Rico ain't no joke I eat yo' flows and yo' beat up rappers even feel my presence when I'm home with my feet up [Mos Def] Yo what you skied up or treed up? Relax and pull a seat up, make your landlord turn the heat up Got the opposition shook like Tiger Woods about to tee up So niggaz no competition with the clear Mos Definition MC's screamin now for years can't rhyme without they mom's permission You just a young'un comin out, gettin gassed to run your mouth Wildin on the Runabout, Baby Pah you comin out Barkin that you want a bout but son you know the comeabout when Mos Def blow up and, you don't, nuttin Don't you know nuttin? My crew go huntin We keep it on the norm then we transform som'in And while, we do it, you bounce to it The cops wanna stop the Body Rock but don't do it [Q-Tip] DY-NO-MITE!!! Like Jimmy J.J. Swap down pen-ny, somewhere in L.A. (A) Now we got to bond like Voltron (tron) Tash you the bomb, Mos you the won ton (ton) Q will pick the lead, I must drop on thee (thee) A-B-S, I bust down, facility (ty) T-R-A-C-T is the MC (cee) It's the LL, inside the place to be (be) [Mos Def] Tash Love...	are you ready to rock the mic? Q-Tip...	are you ready to rock the mic! Mos Def...	are you ready to rock the mic? We got the universal brothers that you got to like! Now ain't nobody steppin up when we got the mic So turn your A.C. up cause it's hot tonight! And til the bright early morn' we'll be rockin you all Don't stop, the Body Rock! All my people out in Queens that know you're hot, you say Don't stop, the Body Rock! All my people out in Brooklyn and you know we're hot, say Don't stop, the Body Rock! Shaolin to L-I and you know we're fly, said Don't stop, the Body Rock! All the people on the Greens and the land in between said Don't stop, the Body Rock! 				... no stoppin 				... no stoppin Out in Jersey			... no stoppin Philadelp-i-I			... no stoppin Chi Town gettin down		... the playgrounds Detroit you say			... no stoppin In Cali				... no stoppin And the great V-A 		... no stoppin Cause in the Brooklyn town	... no stoppin And the Boogie Down 		... no stoppin L-I and Queens			... no stoppin And you see Medina Greens 	... no stoppin You know we, Lyricist Lounge	... no stoppin And my man Abstract 		... no stoppin Cause see we never the wack	... no stoppin Don't stop, the Body Rock D-dah, don't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def & Ghostface Killah Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: Ms. Fat Booty 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Modern girls!! (sung) I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to for.. [Mos Def] - speaking over sung vocals I say girls, girls, girls, girls Reach out and clap your hands I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan and, bring the breeze, bring the breeze [Mos Def] And from the moment that I saw ya, I knew you was trouble But I disregarded, detour signs And did not stop til, you was mine I guess God was like, aight fine Careful what you wish for, cause you just might get it in heaps Try to give it back he be like - nah that's yours to keep So poetic baby girl you make it hard to speak My dream lover make it hard to sleep .. I wrote a little song about it In she came with the same type game The hairdo, Prada shoes, brand new Gucci frame Big thangs, so big you can't hardly explain When she done crossed her legs, she make mind turn insane Had seen her on the ave and spotted her, how I wanted her Ass so fat she (?) (?) fella What you lo-lo-love, expert in the bedwork corridor Man see a touches her, man you'll feel sorry for Hustlers, bubblers, jugglers, sufferers All wanna know what her name and phone number was They're spendin up their money like, post them up and touch her up But it don't (?) tough, X-amount of (?) Son, bwoy, African and tough, all nice and decent A-yeah yeah, I'm tryin to ride with a diamond like you Lookin pretty in the club, plus she love Mos and Wu [Ghostface Killah] Ass wide and fat, breasts mad, hair wrapped Wilma style, chunky, that's how I like my batch You a rose from the hood, smoked out of 89 We headed back, you had a baby by Ron but that's irrelevant, bygones is bygones Calgon is Calgons, love it when you jump in Ghost thongs Steppin out of B-B-Q's 'Member when we licked the cream out of Suzy Q's? Spaghetti jewels, the big word on the street You like Millie Jackson in the new Mack flick carryin heat Or say with Oprah with a makeover, Billie Jean slash Dairy Queen Fantasy is, can I eat you on the swing? See it's written all over my face, Daily News Big bold lettered, front page, Starks how it taste? (sung) .. forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to for.. [Mos Def] - speaking over sung vocals To all the fine-ass ghetto troublemakers from all over the world Ass from New York, to L.A., Miami to Atlanta G.A. Cakalaks, to the Bay.. any place in the world that they stay Even Japan and the U.K., you know you got to [Mos Def] Watch out! Louisana jug wine and conk out Throw her hands high and make her backside pop out Watch out! If you don't have the V.I.P. lacq' out Them big dollars they talk 'bout, just turn around and walk out You better watch out! Exotic fabrics, speech in larynx Think it's mid-day traffic, runnin game like the Mavericks Makin time seem elastic when we stretch out and smash it Then vanish like a phantom and hurt my understandin like WHAT?? (sung) .. forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget I know, I can't afford to stop for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget {*music gradually fades out*} [Mos Def] - speaking over sung vocals Special, special dedication To all the fine-ass ghetto troublemakers, out in the world today Some in this very party right here right now tonight Some of them listenin to this song in they jeeps Some of them listenin to this song at they job Some of them runnin game on some cat right now I want you to just rock and bounce to that Rock and bounce to that {*music comes back in*} [Mos Def] I say girls, girls, girls, girls Reach out and clap your hands I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan and, bring the breeze, bring the breeze Say girls, girls, girls, girls Reach out and clap your hands I be the fabulous man so, just play the fabulous fan and, bring the breeze, bring the breeze {*music and vocals fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, Nate Dogg Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: Oh No Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, bmw@cannabismail.com [Mos Def] Yeah.. One for the treble, two for the bass Welcome to the great incredible paper chase Keep your boots laced if you want to keep pace [Nate Dogg] Oh No Niggas ain't scared to hustle It's been seven days, the same clothes Ask them originals cause they know Mos Def, Nate Dogg, and Pharoahe Step away from the mic they too cold The funk might fracture your nose [Mos Def] Say my name, say my name Observe how I stake my claim, I independently lay it down and played my game, my own two raise my flame Cause dick ridin ain't my thang I earned what they said I wouldn't  I got it the way they said I couldn't But now I'm gettin it and they whole grill is crooked Mad cause I'm gettin caked out from my bookings When y'all was askin permission I just stepped up and took it What!? The kid's better buy my rookie card now Cause after this year the price ain't comin down And if you got a joint bubblin then get money now Cause in a minute, there's gonna be some real trouble comin out Just a warnin, as usual some cats wont heed it The hard headed always gotta feel it to believe it It's a shame the jealous gaze is too short to see it But when they face hit the cement, they nod in agreement We could play nice and decent, or dirty like the 7-1 Precinct Call it a day or make it a long evenin You keep on schemin, man give me some more reason to have the women in your mama's church screamin "Lord Jesus!" Harder than y'all cause I'm smarter than y'all I know that deep down it's got to be bothering y'all Pay attention, watch fly gon' get larger than y'all Put your pride on the rocks, make you swallow it all The mathematic problem for y'all, it just get harder to solve Every day that the saga evolve The do or die stay rumblin and bumblin hard And when we move, we ain't got no discussion at all East coast on your neck and you ain't shruggin it off Try to bullyfoot and end up stumblin off I'm Daddy Brooklyn, y'all niggaz are the sons of New York Gettin spanked when there's too much trouble to talk Respect mine [Nate Dogg] Oh No Look at who they let in the back door From Long Beach to Brooklyn they know We rock from the East to West coast Queens salute to Pharoahe (you know) Step away from the mic they too cold The funk might fracture your nose [Pharoahe Monch] Very contagious raps should be trapped in cages Through stages of wackness, Pharoahe's raps are blazin And it amazes - me how you claim thug but go two-ways without SkyTel pagers I'm intellectual, pass more essays/ese's  than motorcade police parades through East L.A. More beef then deli's, thus what I vent is just What you lust to vent is irrele' Huh, hallelujah, Pharoahe Monch'll do ya Maintain the same frame of mind - screw ya! Get the picture, sit ya, seat ya, preacher with scriptures I'm equipped to rip ya, reach ya Pharoahe and Mos is verbal osmosis Coast to coast, we boast to be the most explosive here Ferocious, the lyrical prognosis The dosage is leavin you mentally unfocused here MC's just - come on 'round You're the next contestants on "Catch-A-Beat-Down" Don't be hesitant, sound cracks the sediment It's evident we medicine for your whole town Sky's the limit, game's infinite when I'm in it All windows is tinted, how you seein me when I'm in it? Rap, we got it on lock man, stop that Put that mic back down, boy, drop that Pharoahe's flows blows shows like afros We hate y'all though, that's why Nate Dogg goes: [Nate Dogg: repeat 2X] Oh No Niggas ain't scared to hustle It's been seven days, the same clothes Ask them originals cause they know Mos Def, Nate Dogg, and Pharoahe Step away from the mic they too cold The funk might fracture your nose [Nate Dogg] Oh No Look at who they let in the back door From Long Beach to Brooklyn they know We rock from the East to West coast Queens salute to Pharoahe (you know) Step away from the mic they too cold The funk might fracture your nose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Idle Warship (Talib Kweli & Res) Album: The Man with the Iron Fists O.S.T. Song: Get Your Way (Sex as a Weapon) Typed by: Cno Evil [sample] Men, may have always held the power The power is a fickle mistress The nature of power is that it belongs to no one Until it is taken, seized, seized through sex Violence, gold... [Talib Kweli] They say sex is a weapon, so when I shoot Meet your death in less then eight seconds Uh, they say sex is a weapon, so when I shoot Meet your death in less then, uh Sex is a weapon, so when I shoot Meet your death in less then eight seconds Sex is a weapon, so when I shoot I'mma sex shooter, I take aim and let it go A dictator, the best ruler you ever know So dominant, that I promise to shake your confidence I sponsor you with a scholarship, school you, I got a doctrine In the simulation, if necessity is the mother of invention Then lust is the father of innovation Uh, they got together and raised the nation Birth of civilization, first it hurt then it was amazing [Chorus: Res] Packing heat and taking aim, ain't not need You need you gon' get your way Popping shit and spitting game, but there's no need You know you gon' get your way [Talib Kweli] Submission is the mission when I'm building and destroying My methods, the Christ suggested when I'm employing the coitus The joy, you can't avoid, it's joyous, upset your voided The moisture that deploying is taking us on a voyage I'm trying to find your spot, but your wetter than a tsunami Shaping it like she paper, I twist her like origami Organically grown, known to give orgasms Til organisms with ex chromosomes I'm taking her home, one thing about her, she probably don't know her power To eat a clam like it's chowder, I'm bombing the lotus flower She can't fake it cuz I know the face She on top cuz she know her place See your place, ain't the same as your position Why you racing, it ain't a competition Cuz you already been declared the winner Now get up and prepare my dinner [Interlude: Res] Why you playing me like I'm a toy You twisting my mind... But I'm a woman, and if there's anything I know I know sex is a weapon And it could hurt you To the strongest of me, deep down And never forget, yeah You can have anything you want You don't gotta even get all like that, baby You can have it if you want it [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Q-Tip, Talib Kweli Album: Mos-Definite Song: Make it All Better Typed by: TRountree@Gmail.com [Q-Tip] Ghetto child, ain't you tired? Universe, ain't you tired? Let's speak, let's speak on it Yo, why we typecast into all this madness? Humanity, ain't you tired? [Talib Kweli] Yo, I keep a smile on my face, even when it's looking very grim I think about them babies innocent like cherubim I'm livin' in an era when There is more black people owning things than it's ever been In America. From small banks to big labels Properties, and businesses even stations on cable Still we're not able To control the money (There's) Swine still on the table And ghettos across the country Our babies stay hungry, but we got black senators in congress That's the illusion of pro-gress Gettin' hype when you see blacks on TV is plain dumb When them cats don't understand where they came from Let's get everybody's head nodding to the same drum Then have conversations that cross generations It's then and only then you will see That these kids imitate images from the seventies That's the decade we were born into Conforming to The code of the pimp and the playa, what you wanna do? Call that man "Ghouli-ani" Said, "We've got no clue", pro'bly Forget about the Q-Tip's, Mos Def's, Talib Kweli's The mind state of those before us seem pathetic Got the nerve to say my generation apathetic But I don't sweat it I just choose to assist Boo-hoo all you want, just continue to exist Refuse any fact that's not actual Resist anything that's not natural Refuse to let the current situation worsen Resist anybody's that disrespecting your person Refuse to be afraid, it's only God you should fear Resist the temptation to act like you don't care It's a struggle out there And we all feel the pressure You say it's all good, I wanna make it all better [Mos Def] They say that illegal business control America The law man long arm is just a long barrell There ain't a black butterfly Black birds and sparrows, anything trying to fly Their response to more black is more blue and more ammo Check the local news channel The commissioner, the defendent is kin Another long winded lie again Black folks gonna die again When they say "we" they really mean us and them The politics of division Creating fresh revenue for prison It's money, it's religion They been running the same type of game Since the slave holders settled the plane It's very little remains The capital gains Control the domain Closing the vain So life can't circulate Perpetrate the murder rate Para military Killin' Mary That's the seed they sow They gotta bleed to grow But what they need to know That what you reap Is what you keep. Payblack is better fruit to eat It uproot the teeth Enough to make the laughing ? stop smiling They took him to the grave, but Lazarus was unsilent (3x) [Q-Tip] Yo, yo, it's the doughnuts and coffee That makes you too bossy I really don't think you need to be walking the beat And targeting civilians 'cuz we're walking in the streets Refrain from prejudice and refrain from eating sweets Constitution's not made Ffor multi-raced slaves There's more than Amadu who found a way to early grave Gonna keep on happenin' and Police is packin' and Giuliani's yappin' and You know the process Cops is drinkin' beer on the street's, relieve stress Looking for the lucky Latino w/ black face Keeping us inside a place But it's not about race Let 'em tell it. And a lot of y'all police is punks Smackin' hustlers up and confiscating all their junk Sellin' it back, scaring the cats into submission Bustin' at the brothas 'cuz we fit the description Of the young and intelligent Often wild talented Ghetto child. Our dreams are snatched up w/ violence, kid Gonna make you feel the pain if I can It's the ordinary thing just a day for the man (3x) [Talib Kweli] Refuse any fact that's not actual Resist anything that's not natural Refuse to let the current situation worsen Resist anybody's that disrespecting your person Refuse to be afraid, it's only God you should fear Resist the temptation to act like you don't care It's a struggle out there And we all feel the pressure You say it's all good, I wanna make it all better The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Soundbombing 2 Song: A Message From Mos Def and The Beat Junkies Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Yes A, B is for My ability C, D, E-F-F-E-C-T And the G H is how It should be Represent with J-Rocc and Babu Soundbombing sequel Meanin in part one and two Making it funky for you Boulevard Avenue Whether you passing through Or staying for a while This is the style thats Universal Magnetic Mos' bet it Hold you back like bad credit Rewind one time and make it fine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Soundbombing 2 Song: Next Universe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yes yes yes yes (Whoo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-WHOO!) Light up the sky like the 4th of July Everything in this life son, they've got two sides It's part one (part one) part two (part two) Get together with my crew, and we gon' do whatever we've got to do, uh-huh-UH! Feast for Hi-Teknological, neurological It's unstoppable, check it out.. I'm fantastic, FURIOUS like the Five from B'lawn Brooklyn phenom' Diss all peons, flow for eons Mos Def is beyond, in fact most cats can agree on Cause we on the same frequency, if not change your dial and get on it, I flip on this here beat then the re-bonics keep heat like, Hamid's weed speech Hit the deep street sonnets, who want it? Hoppin dancin so sonic, you need tonics Don't get yours from your schoolboy comets, all blazin on your man chronic, I twist the hard caps back to blue bonnets, I repeat -- WHO WANT IT? Daytime on the list of time on the tradition, of combustion Ignition, propulsion, put MC's on expulsion The principle, YOUR academics inadmissiable You're indefensible, my style is so comprehensible Cats take it to heart like a ventricle You temporary like a weather pattern Forgot I'm like you never happened Don't never say whatever happened to Mos? My light shine boast from the East to the Left Coast.. North and South both, cause it sound DOPE Boy your boy sound CHOKED with the next man's style between your teeth tongue and throat like *SOUND EFFECT* Got to wash your mouth out with soap My penstroke, is leavin other men broke What I invoke is never asleep, ever woke It controls the soul of your foes and kinfolk Maintainin my scope from beginnin to end quote Like ba-biti-dabi-dida-da-dah-dah Pretty High Noon riders get clipped and shot down Reach behind, Teknological, neurological Unstoppable, title wave in this shit, we powerful Now raise your hands in the air now everybody get with it The Universal, Magnetically B-Boy Scientific, you don't stop It go ON to the rhythm you don't, bust it! So raise your hands in the air now everybody get with it The Universal, Magnetically You see I'm comin to the party in the b-boy stance I rock on the mic.. on the mic, yo Son it's in my chromosomes to rock this, I got this Watch this! Assemble mo' raps, tap your pockets Knock this, stimulate nerve ends and shock wrists Smart art breakin apart hearts in darkness Down for the longest, son peep the songlist Radiate enormous, pure peak performance Vocal chords the strongest, acapella or cordless Hit town, draw crowds like space shuttle launches WHOO! How Def flow -- we gone and Brooklyn New York make the world moonwalk like John Glenn Son I'm sendin it out, for the short to long haul Earth sky, left right inbetween it and all y'all Now raise your hands in the air now everybody get with it The Universal, Magnetically B-Boy Scientific, you don't stop It go ON to the rhythm you don't, bust it! So raise your hands in the air everybody get with it The Universal, Magnetically B-Boy Scientific, you don't stop You see I'm comin to the party in the b-boy stance I rock on the mic make your girl wanna dance Fly like a dove, that come from above From rockin on the mic and you can call me Mos Love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Soundbombing 3 Song: Freak Daddy Typed by: average.person@hotmail.com [Life is one big road with alotta signs]-- repeats in background (Alright)  Peace, peace this is Mos Def Big shouts to my man Cipha Sounds (alright) and Mr.Choc  Holding it down Sound Bombing (yeah) number three Freak daddy shit like Big Jones (it's almost over) and Mos Def  Believe me (alright, yeah) It's almost over, it's almost over What are you getting ready for? (haha) Ya'll ready? (they ain't ready) (haha) Ya'll really ready? (let's see who ready) We will see right now (ha, check it) We gon' see who ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who really ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who really ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who really ready (ha, check it) (ha ha check it ha ha) Alright, yeah It's almost over, it's almost over What are you getting ready for? (haha) Ya'll ready? (they ain't ready) (haha) Ya'll really ready? (let's see who ready) We will see right now (ha, check it) We gon' see who ready (ha, check it) We gon' see who really ready (ha, check it) (ha a haha awwww) [Verse 1: Mos Def] Hands high, everybody move Yes muthafucka that means you Ya'll want some, I want some too The difference is, I want mines more than you So make way when my truck roll through Or get rolled over like you was new road Mos Def with the Jack Jones super shooter tap long Act wrong and get bbbb packed on Then get thrashed on in all forms of fashions  Black, Latino, Asian, and Anglo-Saxon You rhyming like you got the next nigga pants on I'm in the street getting my grown man's trance on You want the ice cream then fill' em with they hands tore Dude I ain't shit that they need to put they hands on Party people let me see where your hands are Brooklyn in the building got'em scared ya'll  Rock wilding wilding out in the beat another freak Daddy got'em hot in the street And it's the rock Wilding wilding out in the beat another freak Daddy keep'em hot in the street I need to hear it from you mami (freak daddy you nasty) Then let me see you work your body (what daddy like this?) Oh yeah hold your finger high in the air  Yeah So I can roll 'bout to lock and load right there  [Verse 2] Jones Brooklyn New York You see Mos Def, you see a black man a walk  When I kill with the pussy boy dark This full of big shot the world boom boom shot  Boom the block when I response for that  come ice on that to make the ghetto run hot Non-stop for the night and the dark One shot gon' make the ghetto bbbbbbb  The Buck stops here and the club rocks here To see the game change 'till ya must watch here My flow automatic see my gun cock here The rubber rock love make the dog shot here I put it in your ears but I won't stop there I put it in your body if you can not hear You smell something nice dude it's not hot here It's freak daddy blow it to ya hot must fear Rock wilding wilding out in the beat another freak Daddy got'em hot in the street And it's the rock Wilding wilding out in the beat another freak Daddy keep'em hot in the street I need to hear it from you mami (freak daddy you nasty) Then let me see you work your body (what daddy like this?) Oh yeah hold your finger high in the air  Yeah So I can roll 'bout to lock and load right there  Yeeeeeaaaaaah aaaaaawwwoooo jumping on'em now  Ha ha freak daddy ha, say my name say my name  Ha freak daddy ha, say my name say my name Yeah, freak daddy ha Jack Johnson ha  Get ya fingers up ghetto blaow blaow blaow {screaming} Freak daddy ha say my name say my name ha Freak daaadddy say my name say my naaaamme Freak daaadddy say my name say the name say the name Say the name say the name is Black Jack Johnson ...... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: The Universal Magnetic 12" Song: If You Can Huh! You Can Hear Hey, yo man, I think that dude's tryin to break into your car ...what? New York life... type trife... That's why I'm tryin to shine the light, yo Here it come, here it come, here it come, y'all Mos Def, blessed with the breath of life so arise and give praises Turn my face to where the mighty sun raises My book of rhyme pages, filled with phrases that amaze I could go on for days First name Dante, last name Beze Build the house of tomorrow with bricks of today My foundation rests on Allah corner stone Shine the light throught the mic to radiate your zone See, the world that we know is about to get finished I'm watching last days wind down to final minutes Got dreams of paradise and my whole fam in it So I ain't got time to play no crime lieutenant Do you got time to play the crime lieutenant? See time is the asset, how you gonna spend it The way you handle yours will be well documented It's the raw authentic, sandalwood scented To make you bump the joint and in beyond city limits Twenty-first, no time to, approach a thing timid My name is Mos Def and this is how I get in it Chorus: Hey yo, my man (huh?).... Somethin tight comin through the pipe (what?) You heard the first time, the rhyme is designed to incline throughout space and time (yeah) You don't believe, lend a ear, yo my man (huh?) Somethin tight comin on your right (what?) You heard the first time, the rhyme is designed To incline, I hold the fold to shine (yeah) If you can huh, you can hear it... If you can huh, you can hear it, we in your atmos' Shine like black gold, burn like black coal Make a old timer roll up her sleeves, now that's cold Behold, the one and only has blessed my testimony Approach the ceremony authentic, never phony For delf, but never lonely, keep the kinfolk close Watch me rip it on Pacific and Atlantic coasts with the antidote, for the poisonous snake lies wit Only wimps put the hiss on tape You can't get on straight, this is dead on tape Accompanied by Shawn J. with the bid on bait Put the grid on plate, on the ear or tray Hot damn it captain Kirk and the Klingons say You can't sit on stage, you got to get on the M-O- T-I-V-A-T-E real life, ain't no freebie My seed can't be needy, no time for freaky-deaky I'm movin on up like George and Wheezy Who said that this was easy, they must have been treetop high Standin yieldin to our boldfaced lie, we all got to die So all got to try, to live life right in the sight of most high, to live life right  in the sight of most high, to live life right in the sight of most high, to live life right in the sight Chorus: Hey yo, my man (huh?).... Somethin tight comin through the pipe (what?) You heard the first time, the rhyme is designed to incline throughout space and time (yeah) You don't believe, lend a ear, yo my man (huh?) Somethin tight movin on your right (what?) You heard the first time, the rhyme is designed To incline, I hold the fold to shine (yeah) If you can huh, you can hear it yo, my man (huh?).... Somethin tight comin through the pipe (what?) You heard the first time, the rhyme is designed to incline the pure genuine (yeah) You don't believe, lend a ear, yo my man (huh?) Somethin tight movin on your right (what?) You heard the first time, my rhyme is designed To incline, I hold the fold to shine (yeah) If you can huh, you can hear it... If you can huh, you can hear it, we in your atmos'... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Diverse, Prefuse 73 Album: Urban Renewal Program Song: Wylin Out Typed by: soulsercha82@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Diverse] My mind compliance like a science Analyze my data, not a fader on the face of the earth Can blend rhythms like my will, surreal spinnin Ever-movin like evolution it's retribution For sellin roots, lessen futures, I'm steppin to fuse? ya Sun rises my subconsciousness culminates constant Live to see various i-de-ologies, angles like isosceles read my auto-b-i-ography So many stars? to me that vibrantly shine Velocity's properly thick like mahogany dimes We findin beauty in this urban-gritty usually overlooked by many Movin through the densely populated city And soon and eventually - 'we gotta get ova' I document culture closer to the edge Bolder than a print, open to interpretation, gazin deep into the glitz? To my people, raise you fists I know it stays intent, whatever pays your rent, but saves your soul You know the drill, it go: [Mos & Diverse simultaneously] Hotter than most dudes From left to right, on top and below you Flow like the coastals, move like smoke do -I'm Diverse- these other cats is just hopefuls When they ask who put it down, baby, you know who Tell your whole crew, it's somethin that you need to know, dude This is how we go through [Mos] Who the poisoned pen? Mos got the inkwell full of syrum Prescribed for any emcee claimin they ill A small dose'll change the way that they feel Milligrams in the raw, snow-cut, check how I label the pill It's MD, the spit-doctor, chant like a witch-doctor Recite me, and ya whole ailment get proper I'm the, medicine man, representin my clan Mixin the potion with verse fire and simmer, my man And stay shoutin out the home team wherever I am: it's the B-R-O double akh-K-L-wY-liN out The cowboys who don't fret to pull they lamas? out Ironhorse style cab?, hoop-te ville ridin out No lights, no cam, action - drama'd out ?? out, absorb the shit that I'm about Inner-city Bruno, ghetto folks, holla out I'm good money, tell the doubters get they wallets out Hot when the dice is out, they go broke findin out Smack ya mojo, caught a half of 'oh no' Magical vocals, get it down like coastals? Underground nigga that spoke truth and broke through Shine bright when I'm far from my close-to I told you, you know how Mos do Hotter than most dudes From left to right, on top and below you Flow like the coastals, move like smoke do -I'm Mos Def- them other cats is just hopefuls When they ask who put it down, baby, you know who Tell your whole crew, it's somethin that you need to know, dude This is how we go through [Diverse] Exposed to a higher set of variables, as fly as aerial Definin stereo components, moments with my master Remasterin techniques, havin some fresh sheets Damagin margins with a broader outlook - 'we lookin out, y'all' Me and Mr. Mighty Mos, we outlaws Blazin in the saddle, raisin like the mornin star, formin majestic Candescent like the street lamps, I-be-amped to inn-o-vate Reminiscent of technology, probably just my will to build To real notions of emotions similar to the seven seas Steadily sparkin cables, tables turnin like the high tide I'm captive to this music, vastness, into it i skydive Tumblin like buildings crumblin on inner-cities cumbersome They comin to run us out, my niggas shout for justice You wanna link with me, then let me know This music is like my vessel so we seem to be inseparable From C-?Sea?-town, headed eastbound You know the rest, it go: Hotter than most dudes From left to right, on top and below you Flow like the coastals, move like smoke do -It's D-I- these other cats is just hopefuls When they ask who put it down, baby, you know who Tell your whole crew, it's somethin that you need to know, dude This is how we go through The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def Album: Universal Magnetic 12" Song: Universal Magnetic Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com		 [Mos Def] Yeah, ha ha ha A-B-boys rock the world CD's and tapes help generate papes E-F is the important Def G-good, H is what style be When I grab the microphone and MC Roll off the tongue like L-M-N-O-P And when I am done you will agree Mos Def represent most definitely Jesus what I used to rock it in '83 Drank up all the Kool-Aid at the block party Used to wish I could break the Rock Steady Wash this be the brown shoe on TV But now it's not dis and it's on like THIS My name is Mos Def, this is good as it gets Baby I make you rub your lips like sardines and grits My what still hits even when the record skip Even when the record skip Even when the record skip I don't quit, I don't quit We bout to make this one a sure hit Sean J. make the party people feel it (Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to introduce a very Interesting young man that has traveled from very far  Away to be with us tonight) [Mos Def] Ha ha ha, what uh-huh There is such a place, that creates such a melody BROOKLYN No ladies it's a living dream, it's a living dream, it's a living dream LOVE LIKE THIS Recognize all area crew, whether you speak Japanese or Goony Goo Goo Son when I come through, other rappers boo-hoo Cuz they know they style's soft like baby doo-doo I will continue, to hit like a fifth of stolen Naya Puttin jokers on ice to get the cream like Breyer No secret, Mos Def is the one that hunts a Mya I get in my stance and set the dance on FIRE Spread out my wings and I take the world HIGHER Peace to the fam magnetic in the Chi Job-on, top Sean and my man Ahtu And all my other clan who reside in the Zoo Got a celebrated oatmeal broadcast crew Mos Def gon keep it naked like Um Fu-Fu (ANDY!!) Put it here to the tape like crazy glue So when they bounce out of speakers they stick to you The way that I communicate is non-typical But high level like a 3-D visual I hold the mic extensive, exhibit level and dimension I radiate the space like a up-right bass Son I leave crews laced and escape wit no trace Sound official like the finish time at a horse race Here to put it in place, for the nine-uno-seis Mos Def set the pace, make your fam give chase Raise your hands in the air, everybody get wit it Universal Magnetic b-boy, scientific It's like that and you don't stop It goes onto the rhythm you don't stop Raise your hands in the air, everybody get wit it The Universal Magnetic B-BOY, scientific y'all You don't stop, it goes onto the rhythm bust it Baby it's in my chromosomes to ROCK Microphones sets who wanna test the M-O  Best to leave that *nigga* alone I make no bones or poems about droppin bars I make the world full swing under the Mos Def YES I ring the alarm like tennis sore My style hella-raw, I keep it raw bone like Skeletor And you should go and tell your clientele That they need to get The Message like Melle Mel I got the -- locked like a Death Row show And if I ain't a b-boy, Premier never used a bell (ding ding) So tell your boy, (what) crew to retire Before I make they *ass* catch fire like Richard Pryor Nondescriptive fiendin for riches, callin earths *bitches* But most of y'all brothers is livin wit your mothers Your Boogie Man yankin up your covers Sharper than some new box cutters, on Parkay's and butters And Stevie Wonder's, to make you run and tell the others The beat lovers, and play my jam like the numbers Son I rock the globe like I rocked your boat I'm bout to tap it on your shoulder cuz you got to know Now raise your hands in the air, everybody get wit it The Universal Magnetic b-boy, scientific Like that, and you don't stop It goes onto the rhythm you don't stop And raise your hands in the air, everybody get wit it Universal Magnetic B-BOY, (hooo!!) scientific  You don't stop, it goes onto the rhythm you don't stop Raise your hands in the air, everybody get wit it Universal Magnetic b-boy, scientific Like that, and you don't stop It go onto the rhythm you don't stop Now raise your hands in the air everybody get wit it The Universal Magnetic in a b-boy stance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mos Def f/ Talib Kweli Album: Brown Sugar soundtrack Song: Brown Sugar (Raw) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Mos Def (Talib Kweli)] We here, we here, we here (yes yes yes yes) Fire code (uh uh uh uh) Yes, huh (hey) We roll from uh- you know (hey) You know what time it is (get your hand out my) You know what time it, uh Black Star, come on ma (yeah) Now come on ma (yeah) Come on ma (uh) And, listen [Mos Def] Yo honeys check it out, she got me mesmerized With your black hair and your fat ass WOW Walks over, feel your feet tap on the ground Make a *nigga* come back like "What's happenin now?" Hear he really promising the platinum, get down You'll be backin it out, straight backin 'em down With your hand on your mouth And damn baby girl, what's that all about? You know the ave puttin curves in the brow On your job, all workin it out I like how you coordinate: purse, skirt, and the blouse Around the way, comin straight out the house You just laid on the couch Make a cat just pause and be "Wow" [Talib Kweli] Baby's body was immaculate Sweet like my first kiss in the back of the flick I have to insist, miss, that we chat for a bit But your ass wanna diss Walkin all fast like you can't stop I need somebody to get passionate with You just assume that I be on that supermasculine *shit* Crackin the whip just to shut you you and fasten your lip I just be shinin my light and they be baskin in it I go out casually dip trip on the tragically hit Sippin Cosmopolitans on some fashionably *shit* Black Star in the building and it hasta be sick BK still smokin *nigga* pass me the *shit*, what [Mos Def, Talib Kweli, and background singers] Stop (what up) You got it (come on ma) Stop You got it (come on ma) Stop You got it Stop Brown sugar let me see you shake it out Stop (brown sugar baby) Ha you got it (there you go) (brown sugar baby) you got it (work it out) (brown sugar baby) you got it (come on ma) Brown sugar let me see you shake it out [Talib Kweli] Yeah, this go out to the cats Be workin for weeks to purchase a piece I'm with my people hurtin to cease, it's curtains for peace Certain keeps spurs to their knees like I'm chirpin with Tweet Rhymes sicker than the pervert that flirt with his niece Stop, the track lay in a hearse deceased We don't play, my man Kanye murdered the beat Yo the rhymin's on me, coutesy of Kweli It's +ludacris+ how I'm +disturbin the peace+ [Mos Def] Yeah, you ain't burnin the street Look at how we got 'em personally thiefed Sipped on when I get open Henny Pen strollin on the track like Bishop Don Or filmed on the Real World Smoke slow, no joke, one draw I kill y'all How many times yo do I got to tell y'all? My next album boy I get killed off, it's real y'all We big merger, you act like you know the deal y'all Brooklyn, stand up and let me hear y'all Brown sugar babe [Talib Kweli] Chocolate Nubian girls rock to this (whoo) Black Star rock the whole metropolis Brooklyn cats and you know we pocket it Black Star got the whole world watchin it [Mos Def] Stop, from the Ivy League colleges To the blocks where the drama is And they keepin their (???) lit Just shake it out and respond to this And shake all of it [Mos Def, Talib Kweli, and background singers) Stop (uh come on) You got it (I said come on) Stop You got it (yeah, yo, we said come on) Stop You got it (brown sugar lemme see you shake it out) Stop (brown sugar baby) You got it Stop (I said come on) You got it (look at you) Stop You got it (brown sugar lemme see you shake it out) Stop (huh yeah) Stop (come on ma) Stop (come on ma) Stop Stop (come on ma) (Black Star start doin it) Stop (come on ma) (02 y'all yeah) Stop (come on ma) (uh yeah) Stop (Black Star, shinin) Stop (yeah) Stop (haha yeah) Stop (haha yeah) Stop (Mos Kweli, come on) Stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star (Mos Def and Talib Kweli) f/ 	A-Butta, Pharoahe Monch, Rah Digga Album: C.I.A. 12" (Soundbombing 2) Song:	Talkin to You Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Mos Def] *talking behind singing vocals* It's always the nervous cats, that's like... Yo money, you tryin to dis me or something? What you tryin to get fly or something? You tryin to get a little rep off me or something, money? Let me tell you something money, you don't know me like that NawI'msayin, you don't know none of my crew like that NawI'msayin, and if you really wanna make some little insinuation About me nawI'msayin, don't talk about it, be about it money If you wanna do something, we can do it right now [Pharoahe Monch] I levitate through meditation Sitting my legs crossed, source to build force field To shield my immediate surroundings Avoiding falling sheet rock, rubble and granite Expand, white man, got plans to feed the planet Excessive hate, repercussions of manic-depressive state Panic, God forbid we all take it for granted Delivering lyrical thoughts for spiritual dividends Half the concentrate, like Hampstead we'll be livin in Magnetic boring them, it's a must I score again And pollute em, shoot em like white students in Oregon Cuz when I was broke, I always found figures to fuck bitches Wit full-force like them muscle-bound niggas [Rah Digga] Well it's the R-A-H, big up to Brick City When I'm not rippin niggas I be ?feelin wit commitee? Got two rap clicks, so bring all the kingred Buggin off of rappers sayin shit that I been said Askin me how your mob sound, bringin my high down Flipmode put shit together quicker than a seamstress Thinkin I talk white cuz I speak proper English All up in your air like I was celly interference Rip shows and make little cameo appearance White label to death if I can't get no clearance [Mos Def] *talking behind vocals* Alot of cats think I'm trapped in a box, livin cruel and if that's true I'm talkin to you Thinkin of dissin your steez, your degress, everything you're attached to then I'm talkin to you Wonderin who we talkin about, yo is my name in his mouth, well then I'm talkin to you No mystery, you ain't got to scratch your head Like "Is he dissin me?", we talkin to you [A-Butta] Aiyyo we severed the lever that I pull It's never the bull, shit instead of the full clip, click You get hit in the head wit dialect  When I pre-fect my new script Check the architecht then select the newest blueprint When I pro-ject the move-ment of the mic, it might strike And brand new life trife that handle  ?Flyin off?, literature that's pure Yo we miniature before, you finished yours, I get mine  Musically inclined, like the sign of a clef To my death, I rhyme and yes I left you, sense-less in the mind Plus I'm, going to show no re-pentance My flow's relentless, you know the sentence [Talib Kweli] You will respect it when we set it Fake MC's get tossed For leavin the microphone covered wit the gloss Don't get lost, bitch-asses who switch fastest When my hits smashes, impacts like whip crashes Fuckin up your face like thick glasses You still can't see shit I'll snatch your faith, your imagination won't believe it It's ill, you can't conceive it Any nigga can make a baby, it takes a man to be a father Why bother, you'll be run over in the street like Frogger Comatose like Central Park joggers when my crew goes wildin Lyricist who will never Lounge till all wack shit is silenced I'm not violent, niggas come aggressive wit that nonsense Yo, it's time for us to get aggressive wit our conscience [Mos Def] Alot of cats think I'm chattin about Them and they crew, and if that's true I'm talkin to you Wondering if I'm dissin you and everything you're attached to I'm talkin to you Runnin your mouth, wonderin "yo, who Mos be talkin bout?" I'm talkin to you No mystery, you can consider yourself dissed officially You can consider yourself dissed officially You can consider yourself dissed officially *ranting and shouting until end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Mos Def, Mr. Man Album: 2000 Seasons/Fortified Live 12" Song: Fortified Live Typed by: mark@demon.cowcud.co.uk [Kweli] The highest caliber, make it a night to remember like Shalamar Then escape to Havana with Assata, do what I gotta Planes get shot down in Cuban air space over the water I got insight, it's a clear case of reading your aura Man, what you got for us as my Black men stand in line like a chorus Makin' these MC's our sons like Horus I'm always taking shots like a Japanese tourist, get the picture? Flyer than Keyser Soze and no exposure [Mos Def] I'm sippin wishing well water imported from Pluto That's why my eyes is glassy, so ain't got to ask me The interplanetary Illuminati move your body I trekked the stars first, so fuck Kirk and Scotty I threw basement parties on the Mothership Now I'm on planet Earth on some other shit Many 'habitants of this world be strivin and strugglin Tryin to eat food and keep the rights to they publishing, huh Ghetto red hot, man that shit is like bubblin Can't get no peace cause the Beast keep troubling Youth, they oppose and the blows they be doubling Nike heads is trife and the shots, they be thundering Ways and customs don't make any sense They be givin me stress and they test my maintenance Use the sand and the Ummah as my sustenance No, this style will never lack, melanin's my evidence [Mr. Man] In order to effective, with your words you must be selective Cause showin and provin is the Prime Directive Movin those who are outdated with vernaculated thought, so Every time I take a turn MC's take a loss My point across, I gotta get to where I want to be As the wickedest public speaker since '73 Or '74, which was the year I first touched ground As the physical manifestation of sight and sound So gather 'round, to hear the profound brown vomiter Absorb the sonic energy manifestin through your monitor The livin proof, I make the truth sound clear Mr. Man, in nine ether represent right here, check it out Chorus (2X): Kweli This once in a lifetime like a Halley's comet Yo, we bring it to Medina like the prophet Mohammed Mos Def and Mr Man: Peace be upon he, and, we MC's Speak the fortified live exhibit level degree [Kweli] Yo, what's wrong with this picture? (picture) Don't it seem bugged MC's is high on they supply, sounds like they takin drugs Y'all trippin like mescalin and killin the feeling like penicillin Switchin' to Lionel Rich' and dancin on the ceilin Go ahead and be a heroin(e), your own mind Fuck your internet, coke is it when you on line Smokin dirty weed, ignorin the medicinal herbals So we in your ass like you was Richard Gere and we was gerbils You get stepped on like crack vials by ghetto children, plus Swept under the rug, we turnin niggas into dust You done came out of the earth (earth), what your life worth? When you get left with what you had on the day of your birth [Mr. Man] Ha...Yo, it's the super scientifical, high-powered prolifical Lyrically a miracle, mentally I'm physical Massively encryptical, verbally invincible These kids wanna battle but the material's pitiful The only original, wicked individual Whenever I rhyme, I break it down into syllables Simply because it's coming straight out of Brooklyn It sounds so out of sight I got the blind people lookin It's Mr. Man the act, boy what? You get stolen I'll cut your ass in half and leave you with a semicolon [Kweli] We cold-crushin MC's that's gold-rushin for the cheese They see a flash in the pan waitin for royalties [Mos Def] But kings and queens get overthrown when they grab the microphone Shootin videos in homes that they know they'll never own I guess they cannot work alone, they forever with crew L sparking, steady barking bout the wildness they do Posin in photographs shot at complimentary angles Be playin Mr. Tuffy when they feminine like bangles Practices is fraudulent, fallacies record to tape Step in my zone, your spot'll get blown like Watergate [Mr. Man] Wait, my blastin rate is past a state of rappers who procrastinate Mr. Man is great, so every time I rhyme, I fascinate Masses hate to have to wait for me to unload So I flip into my mode of rhyme, long like a road See, I drop the greats like clumsy waiters drop plates I got rhymes by the crates to erase the duplicates Cause, I blow wack rappers out like afros My shit is so phat it be stretchin my asshole But huh, that's not the point because I'm better than most I make MC's Wonder like bread but then, bread gets toast It's like that, Mr. Man, Mos Def, and Kweli represent for every single real MC, you don't stop (Yo, yo, yo, this is the mighty Mos Def) Chorus (2X) Artist: Common, Kool G. Rap, Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, 	Pos, Rah Digga, Shabaam Sahdeeq, Sporty Thievz, T. Kweli Album: Hip Hop For Respect Song: One Four Love Pt. 1 Typed by: guru_afa@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Yo you sent out the signal right? And this is what happened The voice of Hip Hop got heard Never comprimised this is how we put it down c'mon [Kool G Rap] Throughout my thuglife I've seen the ??? Like ??? fight over the role of dice Flashing whole lights when killas on a hiest So contight, get poltergiest over the bowl of Christ Who pulled the slice from cats aiming gats who showed the hiest Told you right she be the one that come and hold your mic Then aim it at the whole vice squad just like ??? Rollin like every prototype was dolomight One man recall his ice inside his gun hand he holds for life [Rah Digga] This for the ones with holes in they graves Waitin for they piece when the law misbehave I say we off ??? watch 'em walk the beat Like you can't cross streets make them all retreat (now) Judges and the jury be a little to appointed Making us defendants when we supossed to be the plantiffs Laugh now cause soon the thrill stops Heads get it on and start to kill cops [Sporty Theivz] I'm sober but the pull me over What i do yo? (what we do yo?) Poe-poe go i'm drivin to slow (cool yo) I torin' them explorin them (damn) For them that's why i'm ignoring them (uh-oh) Bring like king skip Before they bring this to some Rodeny King shit Forget them fools Now make no sudden moves They reachin for they tools (let's move) You buggin dude Kirk you ran the stop, word them pigs frontin Yo tell like you tell 'em cousin we ain't did nothin All they see is three blacks in a jeep with seats back Lookin for ??? packs how the blood dog can eat that They thirstin for a reason to blast you can't beat that Gats and a badge to match you can beat that so bounce 'em [Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right Do it right ya'll, keep it tight ya'll, do it right ya'll, just do it [Shabaam Sahdeeq] Blood on they hands, blood on my mans Destroying the fam More souljers die, another mother cries Anthony Buyers, ??? ???, Diallo Let it keep happenin and theirs more to follow It's even deeper then that penal shot in the back Forever we fight and cus but the world still adjust So many bullets just to stop one man Is that the plan, To leave us all dead in the street [Common] I'm an opponent of violence To many of my guys have to condome it in silence Law takes lives and can only do violence And with night sticks i write quick Hopin that [Talib Kweli and Common] I might hit somebody in the heart [Talib Kweli] Like an arrow with her eyes on a sparrow Yo i feel my peoples pain all in my bone marrow [Common] I'm tellin Pharoahe to let my folks go Ma's been singin to law like they background vocals [Talib Kweli] Local, state, federal cops have been payed properly To protect the property How can i just stand by and watch a man die for nothin and not react The way we spit on this track is how we bustin back [Common] Yo i pimp slap 5-0 Get behind them and make the marks drive slow [Talib Kweli] Yo, you wanna know how to improve on the quality life? Try respectin it step into my zone and maifest a check in it [Pharoahe Monch] Cops they transport me from Long island to Medina  with they fucked up demeanor Dreamin of stickin it to me like Abner Louima Pharoahe slash El-Hajj Malik Shabazz  with plans of retaliations of they coward ass God please allow me to preach for 'em A voiceless man through a spirit i speek for him Step to city hall if a dove flew for Diallo with a vision of cops inside the Public Enemy logo [Posdnous] All that scheming and plotting The young absorb like cotton does Ecspeacially in my city where the boys steady rockin in You would thought 5-0 would cut it all short But they play the biggest part in the art of living arms In our land cops guns clap more then hands As if we don't deserve what they hear to preserve We just tryin to do it right in these worlds that we rappin in While they trying to fill us all up with more lead then zepilin [Everyone Lead by Mos Def] My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right My people unite and let's all get down We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight My people unite, hop up and do it right We gotta have what? love peace and understandin One god, One love, One light One aim, One voice, One fight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: The Hurricane Soundtrack Song: Little Brother Typed by: soulsercha82@hotmail.com 'Now listen' [Mos] ..doin this song for you. all my little brothers.. out in the street. strugglin to survive.. keep your eyes on the prize, you know [Kweli] Yeah, the revolution will not be televised Or broadcast live on the net My man Mos said it's personal.. knamsayin? It's gotta start from right up in here, you know [Mos & Kweli] You can't stop, you know [3x] You can't stop when we rep [Kweli] We rep the ain't-gots Ain't nobody can't start no party like us, we crush the faint hearts From Hallsey to St. Mark's, walk in the main blocks Painted with blood that's still hot, so deep it stain socks The pain spark frustration, situations lead to hatin Some deal with drug distribution, others walk the plantation Some know the code a' the streets, some got a college education Come down on the weekend, and peep the conversation [Mos] Yo On the corner, units stormed out Ghetto lookin bombed out Police waited to roll, for those who walk the wrong route Shorties goin all out, they got they swords drawn out Ready to brawl out, gettin fought til they fall out Black like Morehouse, 40 o'z is tossed out For brothers that they mourn bout, get wrecked til it's dawn out Whether they broke or flossed out, honeys pass they draws out Lookin for a ticket out the poor-house A jungle out here Lions keep they claws out, fangs and jaws out Weak just get forced out Names is called out, ghetto-fame is sought out You wanna be the man that they talk bout I walked out I had some things on my mind to sort out I thought bout the wild circumstance we born out Remember myself at your age, when I was just like you If that was now, I don't know what I would do My answer's? closest to me So what I say to you is goin for me Son we both still growin indeed But where you at, I was, and where you been, I left Utilize my experience to guide your step Some people get love but don't command respect It's somethin that you can't ride with a check Over-rollin your lex or icy links that hang from your neck If it's real, who need to deal with the special effects? [Kweli] Come here, come here, yo Lemme drop this on ya, look they gotchu cornered The corner of the block is hot, I ain't got to warn ya 'Cause I see you every day, trapped in every way 'Shit, I'm a thug, and that's all that I can say' Who are you anyway? Mary J.? I spend, many nights awake, watchin you while you sleep Tryin to figure out how to be the example, 'cause talk is cheap As you walk the streets, study cats on the real In a convo, just make your point to relax and chill [Niggas] wanna destroy each other in a cypher instead a' build Be a- man of will, don't be- standin still If you- don't plan ahead, then you- plan to fail Do ? in a daze when the ways reveal Like they funny style but I'm not laughin Serious [niggas] makin money while the police is passin Can't wait for opportunity to knock, you gotta make it happen It ain't about no spectacular ways a' rappin Just immaculate ways a' action.. dig? [Mos sings] Little Brother I know that times is hard Keep your mind on guard Stay clear of things that are harmin You'll get along I sing my song For little brothers Out there in the street Strugglin to make ends meet Gotta hold the heat Strugglin so hard to compete Stay clear of things that harm Do it for y'all Try to stay strong Keep movin on [6x] [shoutin out Little Brothers all over the area, simultaneous singing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star (Mos Def & Talib Kweli) Album: New York State Of Rhyme vol. 2 Song: Another World Typed by: oliver8@get2net.dk [Talib Kweli] We fantastic, flippin on tracks like gymnastics Small brats get they ass kicked, me and Mos smash it Top gun like what comes after the, fist rockin' knife Check the keys that get played on the roads of life Yo the rhyme is so heavy like a load of my chest Travel on these mc's, leave 'em broken like house pets Priceless like the streets I'm on, my word is born You like Paula Abdul-ka-ka compared to Sarah Born? Sayin, what did I do to be so black and blue Mc's sayin damn what got it goin after you Slam my microphone and do just what I have to do Aiyyo, I'd like to stop and chat but I'm just passing through You know I'd like to stop and chat but I'm just passing through [Mos Def] I'm on my way back to Louis Avenue Inside Brooklyn the b-boy capital, lot of cats travel to black eratical Say, my response is invatically yes We invatically fresh, you dramatically stressed These mc's proceed to cease the presidential palace And burn Babylon like a ? Strive to maintain balance With the God given talent Articulate the article, eliminate the fossical Black Star Line shine remarkable, they style ain't even talkable These socalled criminals is fictional they make the party turn miserable We document the memorable Then break 'em up like syllables Straight down to earth like minerals Your style is foul like down? chemicals We five-dimensional, audio, visual, physical, spiritual, lyrical Another world Another world, y'all We transmit another world Another World, y'all We transmit another world Another World, y'all We transmit another world Black Star 'bout to shine from what [Talib Kweli] Yo Mos, ain't it a shame how these people treating life like a game Ain't gonna give you no fame by callin out your name Just explain how I do it and, lead by example Stay away from repetition don't wanna sound like no sample You can't handle this Messiah My shit is classical we get bug' like Umfufu, "You treat me like animal!" Just 'cus you got money, don't mean you made it Just 'cus you make it don't give you the right to be a ? Matter fact stay out my face I can't take it like them stupid big horse bills Your defense is nill, my chatter, shatter your forcefield Kweli and Mos Definition with more lines then a petition Yo my mission is to break shit in half, like intermission Then get missin' with Hi-Tech or anyone like that Costin' one million pounds 'cus it sound so fat Lay you flat like the carpet Take the tobacco out my spliff before you spark it The only tye I rock is chocolate Makin profits like Spacely Sprockets, you can't stop it The topic, we always gonna be black like markets From the underground, look around and tell me what you see Another picture painted perfectly by yours truly Another world, y'all Say what, another world Another world, y'all Say what, another world Travellin' through, time and space On the the Black Star galactica Yo, another world 'nother 'nother, 'nother, 'nother, 'nother world [Mos Def] Never never never soap opera Whether you, indian, dominican, jamaican or bolivian No matter what disc recorder or part of town you livin' in I recommend you listenin' to these distinguished gentlemen Who take the proper measurement to represent The solo's ? chrome is known to built on Gleam on the measurement Master mc carpentry Talib kwa, the Kweli in quality Put the groundation down properly You can't trespass the property Ain't takin' or breakin', robbery Got the whole owner blast-back policy Follow me, descendant of the grand master armery Where cats rock the Wallabe and Kangols, mc's exchange flows The same goes on, they'll be here when we gone Hope they heart stay strong for The other world The other world y'all Say what, another world Another, 'nother 'nother 'nother Say what, another world... 'nother 'nother 'nother.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli Album: Prime Example b/w Bruizza "S" 12" Song: Prime Example Typed by: rodjamin@hotmail.com *Yeah* *Talib Kweli* *Black Star* *Reflection Eternal* [Chorus: repeat 2X] I am what you want to be but you can't though Prime example You cats can't flow but you get an "E" for effort [from mah say till efforts we stay?] together reign forever [Talib Kweli] Please You think I give a fuck about your Clown Posse? You insane! You acting like a journalist and racking my brain since I was tagging my name on the back of the train like my man in [Lahane?] packing the same Little Gat that put me back in the frame of mind to say "Fuck the Five-O" Let me explain the rhyme Yo, cut the nice flow like Bob Marley I'm the black star they probably follow my every move like I'm the son of John Gotti Escape to Paris like a jazz man round midnight [Queen?] banging like Josephine Baker raising the kids right Attack the dreaming Rap through the demons See the situation and extract the meaning Internationally known trees actually grown through the cracks in the sidewalk See it in my walk Hear it in my talk Bet you cats feel it in my rap flow You can throw me a spliff but you can keep your tobacco [Talib Kweli] Are y'all with me tonight? Et vou avec moi? Y'all love the children and dance like a [labor?] Say Ma where you goin with that flavor These cats ain't in my league, this here is major Mind state of the art Yeah I play my part with razor-sharp words shot straight for the heart Beautiful like chords played on a harp with trumpets blaring Angels preparing for the fate we all sharing at one time or another through sunshine or thunder Ain't got no time for the blunders Then bond with one another to make the classical track *What?* The battery in my back I'm Eveready already plus magical [adapt?] like mushrooms from the plush womb of the sweet The city workers pushing dust brooms in the street We complete the cipher Push up your lighter Throw your vanity in the bonfire *word* [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Respiration 12" Song: Respiration (Flying High Mix) Typed by: djstylus@rocketmail.com (Mos Def singing) I'm flyin' high, in the friendly sky without ever leaving the ground, yeah yeah Rest of the folks are tired and weary And have laid their bodies down (Talib Kweli) We lyrically rich, livin, spiritually fit Eating healthy, coming clean never filthy In God's eyes I'm wealthy Felt the power as I entered the palace of 7 lights Time traveled participatin on battles my brethren fight For birth rights that they already got, and shouldn't have to get Break down the steady plot that's accurate Bust the shots that's immaculate Take it to your nugget cause my beloved covet they freedom Believe it put nothing above it love it or leave it We blessed with free will so we choose to be ill Like sharks keepin it movin we could never be still Swim in the channels of life The orators of rhyme handling mics Tiptoeing through the corridors of your mind with candlelights Everlasting in your hood like liquor stores and check cashin Niggaz flashing (?----) classes sippin thug passion blastin  Makaveli 4, I bet on brothers with nothing to live for To give more to the struggle, they already at war (Chorus) So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes til the night bled sunshine Breathe in...  Breathe out,  Heard the bass ride out like an ancient (mating call) I can't take it, I can feel the city breathing (Mos Def) Yo, I pushed my pen and wrote this scribe Like the morning wouldn't find me alive I'm surrounded on all sides By the kind and the cool, wise men and the fool Young guns attending school, ghetto classes include: Get yours, get it right Get down, get paid, get ass, get around Get on, get fly, get jig and get high Live to get and you'll only end up getting by When the nighttime covers the city like a cloak I approach and assemble my hopes, into notes Hard to sleep in the city that don't Cause it won't let you rest, noises on your doorstep 'Nuff distress Police department, raid the park bench on nonsense Cause they fear to see the brothers conference Regardless, we bond tight and we rumble all day to break night Daylight, wifey riffin' to death - "you ain't right" The same fight about my late night habits is mad static But the city's so alive that I just got to have it The planet of Brook-LAWN is what I look on Ghetto chef rock your vest when you gettin your cook on Dedicating this song to Scott LaRock, B.I.G. and 'Pac Kwame Ture, Betty Carter and John Henrik CLark Ron Brown, and freedom fighters going down You set the pace, now we finish the race It's on now (Chorus) So much on my mind I just can't recline Blasting holes til the night bled sunshine Breathe in...  Breathe out, Heard the bass ride out like an ancient (mating call) I can't take it, I can feel the city breathing (Black Thought) Yo, Yo I'm from the year-round shootouts to summertime cookout The wintertime grind with the shorties on the lookout A chosen few know the rule, the rest threw the book out The law stay on crews, thirsty with they hook out That old-school bang out,  Money that pulled the thang out They bit him and hit him with a few, he just came out With the sharks that travel all parts within the same route Narrow walls closin in, cutthroat to exit at the opening Wrong place, you wasn't where you were supposed to been You back around the end, heavy wasteline again With them same suspect cats that waste time again Ya'll need to wake the fuck up, and peep the monument in your face Cuz ain't no time to waste not a minute I seen my cousin (?----) said "Peace, yo where you been at?" He said "the final frontier 'Riq, I'm up in that, and it's the time to watch the place your foe and where your friend at, Cuz where I rotate ain't nothin to grin at, I been at the fork in the crossroads, the outer limit, See you can stand tall or crawl and act timid" The Black Thought with the Black Star, infinite (Chorus and ad libs to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star (Mos Def & Talib Kweli) Album: Soundbombing 1 Song: Soundbombing Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [DJ Evil Dee] Uh, this is Side 2, Evil Dee in your area Rawkus, every four minutes of dump flavored Now and Laters *laughs* and ass-crack Oreos (ready, ready) -interlude- [Talib Kweli] *laughs* Throw your hands in the air, and wave em like you just don't care And if you, love the truth, and you livin proof Let me hear you say "oh yeah" And you don't stop, and you don't quit, and you don't stop And you don't quit, and you don't quit It's Talib Kweli I'm the ultimate Got my man Mos Def and he's freakin shit Listen to the way the beat gets intricate Anybody who is illiterate, probably will never even consider it Yo, Evil Dee what up? my name is Talib Kweli That's Mos Def on the Wurlitzer Yo, this is futuristic Soundbombing, welcome Please do not hold onto the doors (Ladies and gentlemen, we would like to introduce A very interesting young man who's traveled from very far away To be with us tonight) [Mos Def] (yes, yes) yo yo yo yo (yes) yo yo Aiyyo Kweli I heard there's a function goin on at the D&D Some things that I gotta see, heard that the Rawkus click  Was doin some ill shit wit my man Evil, and the rest of my people Is you wit it? [Kweli] I'm always wit it, always forget it If you a MC, you couldn't get wit it, you too dim-witted MC's come to and try to diss this Chicks want Kweli for Christmas, on they wish list Here we come through, kick the lyrical swiftness You missed this, again it's over your head Now I send it, over to my friend Mos Def MC's got no fuckin rhymes left [Mos Def] *phone rings* Hello, yes I got the call, don't need no answering machine at all I got a, Caller ID to screen my calls So I can see who's tryin to speak to me cuz frequently A lot of cats try to get in touch but I don't want to be in they clutch I got my man Kweli who I love very much, and such and such My man, Rawkus click, we on some ill shit [Kweli] I call 7-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh Don't want to say his number, MC's is in slumber Yo they wakin up they takin up too much time Mos Def, I got to get in touch wit and get a Dutch  And then head over to his crib and say  "Yo look what these kids did, and I had my kids at my crib" And I can't believe they tried to roll up on my like that MC's come through because they always lookin wack [Mos Def] They always lookin wack cuz look at the way they dress Thinkin you a Mister you must be a Miss I'm watchin the slip underneath your skirt Steppin to me like that kid you only get hurt Son I stand five-ten wit the open palms, I'm droppin bombs Wit the, urban songs and I never stay calm when I kick it A matter of fact I get type wicked and very specific [Kweli] And exquisite wit the beat, MC's is incomplete They ain't like whole wheat, I need to eat  More of that for my nutrition, MC's catchin coniptions They readin the writin on the wall like an Egyptian Comin through is my verbal mission, to try to track you down It's the MC formerly known as Genesis You will remember this, it's your verbal nemesis Yo, Mos Def is [Mos Def] Yo my style is original like fingerprints I been down ever since, make you Reminisce like Pete Rock When the beat drop, kids stop to listen Because they hear the verbs glisten I'll play your opposition like a fullback, I got the full pack Just like a convict on lock, the beat never stop And we come on time like a clock, this is the real hip-hop [Kweli] The real hip-hop, try to test me, you get stomped Why try, you get caught up in the paparazzi like Princess Di Yo, come through we always lookin fly MC's try to come up to me, they singin lullabyes They on a plantation, I'll free you like Emancipation >From that thought you have is makin your mind needin some sanatation I'm fillin the schools up like asbestos It's best that you leave my premesis [Mos Def] And what's better, is to make cheddar And try to get yo shit together I freak it wherever and whenever just like Maxwell The style that I got will tax well Yo that just bomb, but I don't spend my time Focusin on mistakes, I feed breaks This is the way that we make, and sound hype When we stand on the mic [Kweli] We focus on true, we never dwell and hate [DJ Evil Dee] Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh UH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star (Mos Def and Talib Kweli) Album: What's Beef 12" Song: What's Beef? Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Talib Kweli] Yo I was sold to a sick European by a rich African battlin' Middle Passages, I can't go back again Battlin' years of denyin' history, lies and mysteries Wives with misty eyes watchin' their niggas be beaten viciously Battle in the wilderness of North America Ran by the river, only stoppin' to pray Chased by predators Terrorists with etiquette who vote and kill their president Their capacity for evil so evident and prevalent Ain't no hesitation involved, a nation dissolved While we sit back waitin' to evolve Those who would trade in their freedom For their protection deserve neither Fuck a name, fuck tradition Religion - you learn Jesus Turn the other cheek Inherit the Earth, just stay meek Fuck the way you speak Try to walk, we chop off your feet Fastforward to 2003, niggas beef The psychology of children are slaves to run deep [Mos Def and Talib Kweli] Hell yeah, hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo What's beef? hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo That's beef, hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo It's always your own peoples Sometimes it's your own peoples yo Yeah yeah, hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo What's beef? hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo That's beef, hell yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yo It's always your own peoples Sometimes it's your own peoples yo [Mos Def] Beef is not what Jay said to Nas Beef is when workin' niggas can't find jobs So they tryna find niggas to rob Tryna find bigger guns so they can finish the job Beef is when the crack kids can't find moms Cause they end up inna PINE box or locked behind bars Beef ain't the Summer Jam for Hot 97 Beef is the cocaine and AIDS epidemic Beef don't come with a radio edit Beef is when the judge is callin' you "defendant" Beef, it comes with a long jail sentence Handed down to you in a few short minutes Beef is when your girl come through for a visit Talkin' bout "I'm pregnant by some other nigga" Beef is high blood pressure and bad credit Need a loan for your home and you're too broke to get it And all your little kids is doin is gettin' bigger You tryin not to raise 'em around these wild niggas Beef is when a gold digger got your seed in her A manicured hand out like "pay me nigga" Or I'm tellin' your wife Or startin' up some foul rumor that'll ruin your life Beef is when a gangster ain't doin it right Another gangster then decided what to do with his life Beef is not what these famous niggas do on the mic Beef is what George Bush would do in a fight Yeah, beef is not what Ja said to 50 Beef is more than Irv not bein here with me When a soldier ends his life with his own gun Beef is tryin' to figure out what to tell his son Beef is oil prices and geopolitics Beef is Iraq, the West Bank, and Gaza Strip Some beef is big and some beef is small But what y'all call beef is not beef at all Beef is real life happenin' everyday And it's realer than them songs that you get at Kay Slay This has been a Black Star PSA From Mos Def, Pretty Flocko, black Dante And the Black Star embassy, B to the K The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 9th Wonder f/ Talib Kweli, Terrace Martin Album: The Wonder Years Song: Never Stop Loving You Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Terrace Martin] Never stop loving you, hehe! Ey, what's happenin y'all? Yeah It's Terrace Martin and my homeboy, 9th Wonder Brought to you live from Devi/Terrece Tuesdays [Talib Kweli] Yeah, you... Excuse me Miss Lovable, I don't mean to trouble you Your bubble's so beautiful, got it from your mother too That night at The W, Ball when I discover you Made me wanna fix all your problems, now let me troubleshoot In all actuality, your mentality dwarfed your attributes Personality as sweet as passion fruit Conversation casual but quickly turn to marital I am hip-hop but I'm not your average rapper dude There's more to me, I never call you shorty cause there's more to you You priceless, them other chicka affordable I'm callin you adorable, every chance I get in the recordin booth In bed, barely audible, you wonder who I'm talkin to Heh.. We whisperin the sweet nothings Back when I was single, I had the streets buzzin Now I need you to complete my album Cause you my partner and it's hard for me to be without you [Chorus: Terrace Martin] (Kweli) Never stop loving you (Uh, never stop, never stop) Never gonna stop, never gonna stop, never gonna I'll never stop, never stop, no! [Talib Kweli] I had a dream that you would come and you'd complete my life Back when I was younger, I would wonder if I need a wife Mentally recorded as important what I need to say And back in the days with CDs' and cassettes made by TDK The vinyl was spinnin, you was winnin with the 8-track Ya momma had a Dodge Dart, WAY before the Maybachs and the Mercedes golf cart, I gamble like a card shark Hit her with the wizardry, defense of the dark arts Wrote a song about it, wanna hear it? I got a lot to say Modify ya Spotify, play me through your Dr. Dre's You got the juice now, FRESH not from concentrate Your embrace warmer than a goose down from Dr. Jays The winter of my discontent, this is what you spring for You'd wonder where the summer went, stop preparin for the fall See it really don't matter what the season is You like my breathing, I never leave it cause I need to live The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akrobatik f/ Talib Kweli Album: Absolute Value Song: Put Ya Stamp On It Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah [Cuts by DJ Jayceeoh] "Akrobatik-batikkkkk" (uh, uh) (what?) "And Talib, Talib, Kw-Kw-Kw-Kweli, Kweli" (yeah, word) "I blow the back out" "Back out, the track out, the track out" (uh, uh) "Kweli and Ak put a stamp on it" (yo, yo) "I blow the back out a track when I black out" "I blow the back out the track out" "The track out" [Akrobatik] (Talib Kweli) Let's go, yo I be the host of your show, Mr. A to the K-R-O (what up bro?) Same shit, steady makin them hits (I see the same as me) So what up? (Put a stamp on it, stamp on it) [Verse 1 - Akrobatik] (Talib Kweli) Akro, so straight for '08 Kweli, both names that hold weight So when you be creatin your playlist, don't forget that we are A-list material Lyrics dirty to the point they scratchin off the serial And straight to the bisota, goes that whack shit in your stereo I'm Akrobatik brother, I'll a backflip Rey Mysterio 617 to the 619 (one nine) Chicks pon heaven when he kicks one line (one line) And big up to my DJ, pon the mix one time (one time) Put 'em up, get 'em high If hip hop is dead, then it happened the day that Dilla died But Ak and Kweli's here to show you that this shit is still alive A couple brothers with talents to rip your brain apart But who would rather just bring "Balance" to your "Train of Thought Our "Black Dialogue" documents "The Beautiful Struggle" Bringin any stage or studio trouble So spin the vinyl back (*vinyl scratching*), you'll have somebody like "I know Ak" His show will rock your body from the intro to the final track That's the outro, no doubt yo Rappers is marks/Marx like Groucho, nothin to vouch for [Break - Akrobatik] (Talib Kweli) Yo, the special guest on the jam is Talib Yo, you know you the man (what up fam?) Same shit, steady makin them hits (I see the same as me) So what up? Yo, put ya stamp on it, stamp on it [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] (Akrobatik) Yo, live at your stereo, your hero get dinero though I have the name, them name a country after like Amerigo Vespucci We authentic like the Gucci with the serial number These rappers Fruity like the Pebbles in your cereal, wonder why, some will die by the code of the Samurai If this is nine eleven, they the fireman that ran inside (inside) Dreams put on hold, like operators standin by Camouflage like a mirage dodgin the camera's eye (woo) Kweli and Ak make your chick fantasize With Spanish fly, we ever take the stand, you know we plan to lie What kind of man am I? I'm way off, if you think I'll take a day off This ain't Ferris Bueller (what?), I'm not camera fry Kick the sand in your eye Ground on your ass, if you plan to fly Burnin through your skin like a can of lye The rock and the dealin since stand to the side My fear somethin like a Panther with pride Fans will decide who the truth when it come to this rap shit (rap shit) Kweli and Ak kid, classic in the year of the Blacksmith (Blacksmith) Boston to New York City, Talib Kweli, Akrobatik, get that mail [Akrobatik] What up? And put a stamp on it Akrobatik and Talib Kweli, we stand taller than the Great Khali And yo, we turnin you out Ak with Blacksmith, show 'em what it's about Y-Y-Yo, put your stamp on it, stamp on it [Outro - Cuts by DJ Jayceeoh] "Yo, yo, yo, P-p-put your stamp on it, stamp on it" "Yo, Kweli and Ak" "Put a stamp on it, stamp on it, stamp on it" (yo, yo, yo) "I blow the back out the track when I black out" "Black out, I blow the back out the track out, the track" "I blow the back out a track when I black out" "Black out, black out ..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alicia Keys f/ Common, Mos Def, Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley Album: Unplugged Song: Love it or Leave it Alone/Welcome to Jamrock Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Alicia Keys] C'mon! [music begins] [Mos Def] Yes yes yes... Uh, a yes yes y'all (freak freak y'all) A-freak freak y'all! Freak freak y'all - fifteen! (Ohh!) A yes yes y'all [Put them hands in the air, y'all!] [Yo, now put them hands in the air y'all] Waddup, Brook-LYYYYYYYYYYYYYN!! [Common] And just clap your hands y'all A freak freak y'all - and ya don't stop A to the beat y'all - and ya don't stop A freak freak y'all - and ya don't stop A to the beat (y'alllllllllll!!!) [Common] Yo, mad love for the culture Since the days of Adidas and hip-hop posters Now I host with Mos and just to boast to brag a bit about it, 'cause I cain't live without it Seen her on the streets when I was like ten Especially's of a lagged and young black man Do backspins in backyards cause we rap harder People that lack {?}, now we black stars Gift from God - they said we must be crazy Now they sayin Common, Nasir, and Jay-Z Leaders of tomorrow, follow the steps of Africans rap in the ghettos makin it spressed up Yo we bring the light, we do it tonight Alicia Keys and Mos Def bring it right We come down and bam, and rock who I am Com Sense, yo; I'm wit the fam, yo [Chorus 2X - sung in tune of Brand Nubian's "Love it or Leave It Alone"] You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone You gotta love it, or leave it alone [Mos Def] (Mos Def) Yo, peep it out while I tell you like this A fresh to the soil, be sure you don't miss It's the, true for ya, true feature I could go on for days about it screamin "Alicia!" Walkin down the block with brother Com Sense Comrade Com Sense, so what the heck so I - show this fresh girl that you always sure Before and then my heart should be adored and cain't front, another ignore It's Aquarius love and highly secure Daje Mahal, and really gettin in and fantasize of my life for a one or two winners And my man Com Sense just stopped and said "Yo stop frontin' and use your head!" A-said "Yo stop frontin' and use your head!" A-said "Yo stop frontin' and use your FUCKIN head.." (OHHHHH!!) [Chorus 2X with ad-libs] [Alicia Keys - interlude] Right about now, I wanna thank everybody for comin out and rockin with me tonight I wanna give a big-up, to my man Mos Def My man Common Sense, my man Krucial My man Ills, the whole M.B.K. fam The whole Krucial Keys fam, and MTV And everybody out th-ere say "yeah!!" {*crowd cheers*] Yeah! Said everybody out th-ere say "yeah!!" (YEEEEEAHHH) C'mon, and alright I need y'all to give it up, for Pablo on percussion for Paul John on drums, Onree Gill on M.D. Anaysha, Sara, Jermaine, AND, Denise on backgrounds Steve on the bass, oh Artie on the gee-tar (yaaaay), Jeff's on the horns (oh) AYE-YAY-YAY, and the string quartets Ray Chew and, the Crunks Oh, oh (one-two), you know [Chorus 2X with ad-libs and variations] Uh, WE WOOOOOOOOON!! [music changes to Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley's "Welcome to Jamrock"] [Alicia Keys - Intro] Oh, oh, oh.. I wanna bring Damian Marley to the spot.. Up in the streets, they call it murrrrrr-derrrr! [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Welcome to Jamrock, camp where the thugs dem camp at Two POUND ah weed inna van back It inna your hand bag, your knapsack, it inna your backpack The smell ah give your girlfriend con - Some bwoy nuh notice, dem only come around like tourist on the beach with a few club sodas Bedtime stories, pose like dem name Chuck Norris Don't know the real hardcore Cause Sandals ah nuh Backtoo, the thugs dem will do when dem got to And WON'T think twice to shot you Don't make dem spot you, unless you carry guns a lot too A bare tuff tings come at you When, New York man stop laugh and lock-off traffic Then dem wheel AND pop off and dem start clap it With the pin file dung an it ah beat drop it Police come inna Jeep and dem can't stop it Some say them ah playboy ah Playboy Rabbit ?Socialize? or get dropped like a bad 'abit So nuh bodah pose tuff if you don't have it Rastafari stands alone! [Chorus - with ad-libs] Welcome to Jamrock! Welcome to Jamrock! [Alicia] Up in the streets, they call it murrrrrr-derrrr! [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaicaaaa, yeah Jamaica, Jamaica! (Chi-Town) [Common] Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down Chi-Town, Chi-Town, and we gets down It's Chi-Town, gettin all down c'mon [Alicia Keys (Mos Def)] New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW YOOOORK) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW YOOOORK) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (New York, NEW Yooork) New York, New YOOOO-OO-ORK (Brook-lyn!) [Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley with variations] Say wel-come to Jamrock... A-wel-come to Jamrock... Wel-come to Jamrock... [Alicia Keys] Up in the streets, they call it MURRRRR-DERRRRRRRRRRAH!! [crowd cheers loudly] [Keys - outro] YeeeeeeeeAAAAAAAAAhhhhhh!!! (BOK BOK BOK BOK!) Damian Marley, ladies and gentlemen Common Sense, Mos Def WE LOVE YOU, and we thank you, for rockin wit us! Much LOOOOVE to the people, eh-haha ha... Hahaha...BROOKLYYYYYYYN... [crowd cheers wildly as song fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Asheru f/ Ken Starr, Talib Kweli Album: Insomnia, Vol. 1 Song: If Typed by: ehhviin@gmail.com [This is Insomnia] If it wasn't for this and it wasn't for that Oh, this would be a better world [x2] [Talib Kweli] Yes, ladies and gentlemen You do have Ken Starr in the house, and Asheru  Talib Kweli [Ken Starr] If it wasn't for the way that we live Too many single mothers raisin' our kids Too many brothers caged in the pen Engaged in the bid, enslaved by the pigs If it wasn't for crooked cops that pop shots raisin' our wig That send slugs reckless Plus these thugs with a death wish That take your life for that ice that flooded your necklace The blood of the helpless and innocent If it wasn't for so-called friends that turn Benedict Snakes in the grass and crabs in the lake Cause I'm black and it's late, get harassed by the jake And blasted with eight times five plus one Lethal deposit, reach for your wallet, they bust guns That why I trust none and I keep to myself I can't blame cats that pack heat in they belt And quick to clap, never givin' in If it wasn't for this and that  It'd be a better world that we livin' in [Asheru] If it wasn't for a mic check I wouldn't have a check at all Nowadays you can't live that way The market's way too unstable There's too many pimp labels Playin rappers like a ho, manhandlin' the dough Demandin' them to go run the track to bring the loot back Now you playin' for the team and the captain is cream You got the dream to push a mean two-seater With a diva ridin' shotgun just to say you got one You make the songs but labels only want the hot ones Send you back to the drawin' board until you got some Now I guess we got problems Even your all-creative mind ain't enough to try an' solve em The doors revolve and younger cats are starvin' They want it more than you, might go to war wit' you To reap the heap of gold that's at the end of the rainbow You can't be mad, man, that's how the game go [Talib Kweli] Yeah, come on, yeah, here we go, yeah I'm bout to show you what this black power is It's the red, black and green on the wrist, how I live In the cold world, where we bust off the black llamas Every winter where we lose more sun than black mamas If hip hop got seasons, right now it's spring Life when e'rybody sellin' death, kiss the ring (yeah) You know how it go, people change colors like autumn Kids learn through experience, fuck what a teacher taught em Puff a woolie for boredom, rough or at least accordin' To parents who paid enough attention to at least ignore em Blowin' up mics, throwin' up signs, but how, nigga Is you confusin' it with crime? When they write the history books History looks past prisoners of war That's what my listeners are for We turn a tide on this fuckery(?) Ride on this fuckery(?) Shoulda never let me in this industry You stuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Asheru f/ Talib Kweli Album: Mood Swing 12" Song: Mood Swing Typed by: Visionbone@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Asheru talking] (Ya'll don't know right here this is the next single featuring my man Talib Kweli, called Mood Swing, we gonna do it like this y'all) [Asheru] You can run to every new thing under the sun you be a jack of all trades and a master of none Mood Swinging.  [Singers in Background] La la la la la... eh oooo oo X4 [Verse 1: Asheru] Soon come you will understand the motivation of a man getting the under hand A local yokel on a mission to get global lettin my vocals amass to some total and keep the point focal, you hear me but you don't listen you think its easy being put in this position I freak speech, but still don't wanna preach, ts peak thought in stimulate movement at at Emcees grab your gat hit the streets, that the rally cry the war horn the activist, those cats is spiritually war torn environment so I leading a community movement and I don't need money for me to make a community improvement Tell me what you stand for would you settle for less or do you have the strength to demand more Only time will tell, what this New World brings revolutions at order, check the Mood Swing, swing swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Low like sweet chariot what I say make my voice deep as berries get carry it like a torch Give birth to rhymes to meet beats and then I'll marry em off have a divorce if the track is wack (Please) My rhymes a rolling stone home is where the high hatters at, its on this song (it on this song) maybe one day it'll settle down it ain't no good it all better now, come on let it now Mood Swing, changing the way we do things its a good thing, listen to the whole hood sing as they go La, La, La, La, La... Yeah as they go La, La, La, La, La... No fear no doubt and no worry everything is on time there's no hurry Mood swinging, swinging, Mood swing, swinging Mood swinging, swinging, Mood swing, swinging, oooo oo [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Me and baby in the rental she talkin gentle hit the hotel to presidential Sweet... kisses on the temple make her feel special light a candle scent got us in this sentimental MOVE its right wit the light just so I could see begin to set the pace for what we gon get into my fingers is lyrics its back is the instrumental... Ancient Secrets, Indian, and Oriental blackin out doin shit that I can't rap about passin out, wakin up, not awake awake enough to take it up and not STOP Love is a friends never know if we can love again I said we gotta leave, she asked if she can come again (come again) I had to meet Asheru at the studio I'm runnin late, you know I hate to make a nigga wait but damn baby "You look good in the summer time Gimme some of yours, I'm a give you some of mine." [Verse 4: Asheru] Yo Kweli I remember being in the same dilemma hip-hop was number one my girl was number one contender the great pretender wit a whole different agenda until I make it big "Life is one long gig." Mood Swing like Ella of Cold Train its classic like Soul Train its timeless just like this rhyme is so all of y'all that wagging they campaign grab a hold of that Mood Swing and do the damn thing Mood Swing, changing the way we do things its a good thing, listen to the whole hood sing as they go La, La, La, La, La... Yeah as they go La, La, La, La, La... Uh You can run to every new thing under the sun you be a jack of all trades and a master of none Mood swinging, swinging, Mood swing, swinging Mood swinging, swinging, Mood swing, swinging [Verse 5: Asheru] I'm an outlet a front of which which you ain't figured out yet a resource, I pivot your efforts on the right course it seats ya, doin whatever it takes ta reach ya all of its in me, no really its in me A good brother, lovin son, a great lover I'm a truth seeker, on a quest not a believer I'm an Emcee for all of the world to see yea ya got my word on it, I'll put the Herd on it that we rep shit, its the least to be expected fuck that prep shit, jump on stage like we connected from the same minds saying the same things at the same time back stage rappin like gettin ready for game time we a family, and ain't nothing goin to change that for better or worse like somebody prearrange that the way it is the way it always will be so I can still and still be Soon come we will witness a shift in consciousness and black music is one of our greatest accomplishments (one now) our names will live on this monument so that our kids can hold up they heads with confidence that's when our nation will rise and realize that  [Kweli] Life without knowledge is death in disguise [Asheru] The answer to my comprehension is just too complex one minute from the next, go from happy ta vexed [Singer] Mood Swing, yea  see change is good sometimes  Mood Swing, yea its time for the essence to rhyme Its time to Mood Swing take it on back Mood Swing (repeat) La, La, La, La (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bilal f/ Common, Mos Def Album: 1st Born Second Song: Reminisce Typed by: shok_411@yahoo.com [Mos Def] Yo Just when I think that I've forgot you I hear that thug that we used to rock to Just When I think I'm gettin' on without you Somebody Passed and asked me about you Was in the back of the cab the other day Swear to God I saw you walking passed the other way My heart rushed, my face flushed Tell the driver hit the breaks slow the pace up Wait up, It wasn't you Realised it's a mirage I was running to Damn, can the affects of Love and time Cause the mind to trick the eye? I wonder how you gettin' by And all the stars still in your eyes But you still just get the five You break the bank to spend the time I reminisce of shifting time, to when you was mine [Bilal] Years ago, in a mist of hallways and sliding doors Missing links of family very obscure Vision of you shine But only for a short time My mistake I didn't pick up on it till years down the line Here now as I (reminisce) reminisce, will I ever see your face again? (In-fect-ion) Baby as I lay back (reminisce) will I ever see your face again. (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (fect-ion) as I reminisce (In-fect-ion) [Bilal] (Common) Hold still (uh) The devine has placed us In a small world (yes) And thankfully so (Thank God) Our paths cross once more And to whose surprise but mine Was 14th and 6th was the placed where we combine once more There at the front door of the cornor store you stood. (reminisce) I reminisce Infection (In-fect-ion) as I lay back (reminisce) will I ever see our face again (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (In-fect-ion) As I reminisce (In-fect-ion) A happy story always ends As it starts But with few exceptions involved We became an item (Me For You) Me for you and (You For Me) You for me (Through Good Times and Bad Times) Good times (Sickness And Health) Sickness and health (Broke ass and richness) Broke ass, and richness, baby we made it work [Common] Yes Sir Yo I reminisce over this chick Colder than a soda Princess a soldier Raised in Islamic culture Sexy as the girl on the Jamaica poster Men are over seas where there really don't be no sistas Brought her on stage as Bilal sang "Soul Sista" In body parts the blood was thicker Sweet only tryna make sure it ain't the liquor She was with a nigga come to find out She and Sista backstage, conversation kissed her Made me forget to remember that I pimp the dime Put the pimpin' aside I see Kenya in her eye Our connection lies in a life before For us to meet again was devine law So I can't describe how deep I dug her Now only in memory can I hug her I reminisce y'all Oh my God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Eyed Peas f/ Cee-Lo, John Legend, Q-Tip, Talib Kweli Album: Monkey Business Song: Like That Typed by: enginurd@hotmail.com Wow, we in stereo? [Q-Tip] Question for the ages What's going on with my rap pages? Rappers wanna be down, but listen listen You got to feel it within your body and your spirit When you listen to the rhythm, come on It's the abstract, Will is on the beat Women all around the globe, the world You got to follow me Change your history, categories Different people in the same territories Hip-hop in there for my Black Eyed Peas So watch it watch it, be marvelled of the speakers please Cuz they gonna rumble and shake the ground Break addles break the sound Fill the embassful pound Streets with the things profound If you wanna, dude, to help you out Make it cool around your friends without smoking now Play the song kinda loud, it could help you out And you could work it out, yeah you could work it out It's like that, and a And we got it like that (like that) You know we got it like that (like that) Y'all we got it like that (like that) It's like that, like that (like that) Y'all we got it like that (like that) You know we got it like that (like that) Yeah we got it like that (like that) It's like that cuz I got it like that [Will.I.Am] And I got it like that also Got a style that's way out like Bosto You know I'ma crook a nigga like Chocko Steady jumpin' round like it's heavy cargo (Can I kick it?) Yup, really far though From El Segundo to Toronto I once hit a girl up in Chicago But I'd never say who unless my name was Tonto Yup, you know how the date rape go Cuz we show the classic example Now they know the Peas collect the dough So they knocking on our door like we was Fargo Yup, they see me in a Will.I.Am suit But I wasn't that cute when I didn't have the loot And I don't smoke herbs but I'm still real nice with the verbs So FUCK (hey!) what you heard Cuz we got it like that Talib, just hit 'em like that [Talib Kweli] I'm from the jungle, brother, and I got it like that Yo, my life got me running through a maze like a white rat I need a shot at remmy (martin) like my Rappers like to yack is the fights that got me spillin' on the right track And I like this, Will, so I might get ill On the mic somebody might get killed So many damn rappers there's a cypher in heaven My tongue is a weapon and plus when I bust, its the stuff of Legend When this Brooklyn MC come after you You be running like I herd o'cattle down Mertle Avenue Where we at ain't nothin pretty that's the attitude To be at Fight Club, even Brad had to crack a tooth Stare into the Sun, they try to copy Let your eyes get used to the light because you gotta watch me Sneak up on you like saki My lyrics get out a split atoms like Hiroshima and Nagasaki [Apl.de.Ap] It's the Apl.De.Ap in the lab with the rap Demonstrate how we act, we attack any track It's the Black Eyed Peas and we back with the facts Start with the fat skills that rose in the past We got it like how you know how to beast rocks Entertain you, see you soon at the next spot The crew got you bouncing and dropping your eye Making ???nah hot shish and be shocking them out??? Tss tsss tsss, I'ma roll with the hot I'ma flow from the soul when you can't hold me back Ke-ke-keep on keep on rolling the track I'ma simply simply always attach Jeepny music from by Apl.De.Ap From L.A to Philippines we bridging the gap We got it like that you know we got it like that We got it like... like we got it like that y'all It's like that and a... [11x] Because I got it like that [Taboo] My man Q-Tip in the house Cee-lo ya you know he's in the house My man John Legend's in the house Talib Kweli work it out My man Apl.De's in the house Will.I.Am is definitely in the house Fergie Ferg's in the house Whadup to De La, shout 'em out True hip-hop music now Positive vibes, no doubt My man Phife-dog's in the house My man Shaheed's in the house Taboo, You know I'm in the house Black Eyed Peas represent sellin out [3x] [outro - 3x] It's like that and a... It's like that and a... It's like that or th-that It's like that and a... Because I got it like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Eyed Peas f/ Les Nubians, Mos Def Album: Bridging The Gap Song: On My Own Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com [Les Nubians] All on my own (4X) [Will.I.Am] We gonna build this bridge on our own Original creation and let it be known No duplication that I can condone Constant elevation till I'm fully blown I'm on my own now in my own world feeling free Can't change the way I am with your insanity I'ma stay who I be can't nobody change me Got my soul to protect and support my family [Les Nubians] **verse in french** All on my own(3X) [Alp De Ap] I'm all by myself no one can help me guy Plus I'm the only one that know what it's about I gotta stay calm to figure it out It's gonna relax, stop, shout You know you gotta breath in to breath out I stay cool and collect of ??? cool out I can't end on my own or go out that way So why I gotta listen to what people got to say I stay I stay [Les Nubians] All on my own (3X) All on my [Mos Def] Yo I know self own self To control self Avoid or destroy Whatever did to po' self When brother's right muslim right and compose self Stay on the grind to protect feet and clothe self Stay true to self do for self do improve the self To elevate the next man we need-could use some help For long time I got a plan to see the root to self So when the strong wind come it don't remove the self We born alone and die alone but we don't strive alone B E P 'N M O S blaze the trail and we ride it [Les Nubians] All on my own [repeat] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Black Star Album: Beautiful 12" Song: Beautiful (Black Star Remix) Typed by: spr14@columbia.edu Hook [Mary singing with words by Black Star] Yes you are (Sometimes you just meet someone and you just completely...) You're so beautiful Here we go... come on Absolutely fantastic, Now you're near Absolutely fantastic, In my life Fantastic, All my fears Fantastic, Beautiful Fantastic, Come to me Fantastic, Now I am Fantastic, Someone watching over me Fantastic [Mos Def] I dreamt that I could paint you with words But there were no colors bright enough Black or white enough Blue or green enough, it didn't mean enough You are the star that touched the earth Shine bright for all eyes to see Radiate and touched me Now I'm shining like you do It was dim before I knew you Bright light for weeping eyes to get used to Trust who, that's some shit to adjust to Soon as you relax, they ease back and cold bust you Love murdered in Brooklyn, sound the alarm But you still remain calm, my passion is unarmed I tried to practice my whole life tactics But in your clutch and your touch, my armor just collapses Sun's bliss breeds obliviousness So recollect sweet breath still wet on my lips My prayer's this: Go protect my beloved and keep her covered >From the valley to the summer like the land undiscovered (like the stars) Hook [Mary] Beautiful, now you're near in my life all my fear  Beautiful, come to me, now I am, someone watching over me [Black Star] Like the stars outnumbered, you are so beautiful I do all my best so I could be true to you Ain't nothing in this word that I wouldn't do for you ?? everything usual Like the stars outnumbered, you are so beautiful Where I stand, understand who I am, that makes me a man [Talib Kweli] You know what, they say that beauty's in the eye of the beholder So I use my third, and now I love the silent like a boulder Want to be with you as I get older And that's my word, sure as I stand on my ancestors' shoulders You see through my drama and my world like a stage  Not the same years but living in the same age Just the quality, not the quantity Fllow me, definitely Far from probably, got to be You and me, beautifully, thick like pieces of the man I used to be Now I'm back cause of what you do to me You like my reflection, better half to my whole Like lyrics to the beat, you the matre for my soul The breath for my life, my sister and my lover Used to have cold feet, now you the one under my covers I ignore your aura but it grabbed me by the hand Like the moon pulled the tide and the tide pulled the sand Hook Go ahead, Mary, baby, sing your song OOh, so beautiful That dream that it would be so beautiful I wanna say that I love you All the love you give, all the love you give to me All my days and nights were lonely And it's so beautiful And now I have a friend that I can talk to, yeah Boy, you're so beautiful [Mos Def and Kweli be switching back and forth like a crossfader] Because you're fruitful, beautiful Smart, lovable, huggable, doable like art Suitable to be part of the cosmos With my eyes closed, I see you clearly Combined lifetimes with like minds, your lovelight shines Bright the apple of my eyesight The tender kiss that whets my appetite My mighty Aphrodite, the flame that ignite me Your name just excite me Your eyes so alive they aright me Cause you are so beautiful You don't even know the length I would go To make absolutely sho' you is respected and protected And never neglected, I hope my prayers is accapted That you always will be watched over And never rocked over And if you need me to, I'll stop over To check on you, I'd never jet on you I know a lot of foolish cats that slept on you But what I'm gonna do is be totally committed If you need me I'll be hotter than the New York Mennen With a hundred percentage, from the start to the finish Cause the vibe you give leave me so replenished It's a new beginning, this is serious business Got my heart and soul in it It's the way that I'm living Let it be known that I'm devoted, it's always going to prevail The newly risen, truely living universal for real It's like that y'all, and ya don't stop [Mary] You're the only love I know, Beautiful You're the only love that knows, Beautiful You're the reason why I live, Beautiful You're the reason why I want to give you everything, Beautiful ...Since you came into my life Artist: B.o.B f/ Mos Def, T.I Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: Boom Bap Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: T.I.] Bitches kissin' and huggin' Niggaz trippin' and buggin' You watch your mind, I'm on my grind And I ain't quittin' for nothin' Tell your mothers and uncles Brothers, sisters, and cousins My flow so nasty, deranged That nigga T.I.P is disgusting Gotta grip on the game Quit your pullin' and tuggin' Cause I ain't clinically sane I go to pushin' a button They get to clickin' and bustin' You get to dippin' and duckin' They empty clips by the dozen You come up missin' for nothin' Hey, I can triple your budget I'm in the business of hustlin' If we ain't talkin' about money I say, "Let's end the discussion" Hate off my shoulders I'm brushin' All the ladies are blushin' They all love when I fuck 'em Blacks and Latinas and Russians Tell 'em be easy no rushin' Mastered the art of seduction I let 'em blow me so much head I can catch a concussion Seven chicks in the bed Touchin', lickin', and suckin' Dick 'em into submission Then I send 'em to truckin' Cousin we nothin' alike You can say what you like Do all that huffin' and puffin' Then run away from the fight Don't know who getting' {you high} When you sit and you write Great imaginary life You only live on a mic I'm who you'd die to be like Cause I'm so fly nice To live my life you'd have to try to hit the lottery twice Find it amusing, I'm gigglin' at what you made in a year Quadruple that while in prison Servin' my day and a year Nigga hahahaha [Verse 2: Mos Def] Wow It's on right now Buckhead to {Bucksound} Boogie man and rubber band snappin' Bang, listen No retreat, no surrender No gimmicks, no hoax, no jokes, no pretenders The littledefenders haters all they tempers But tell them phil how they feel, fucking let it go That's ineffective though, I'm in a show It's that incredible and my old special doze, extra flow, quiet dog Off the chain, I was born unleashed And I get it how I get it cause I'm from these streets These niggas I cut your favorite rhythm I made this Say it once, say it twice, you made this That's in a affirmative, word of big bird it is I got the fire work You feel it in the chest when the base be bang Yeah and you know my style, I'm from the killer cane While we turn it on and turn it out It go on and on and on and on Everybody talking It's bob, bobby raylisten [Verse 3: B.o.B] Yeah It's B.o... B Bobby Ray, international extraordinaire Listen I'm from the city where they hang out on the light pole Tryin' to get their weight up off 'em, I ain't talkin' lipo' I'm talkin' bout that city I take everywhere that I go I do this for the niggaz locked in solitary iso' Who grew up with kaleidoscopes Now they lookin' through rifle scopes Tryin' to make it out the dark That's what we raise our lighters for Smokin' on that blue turf Just like them boys in Idaho I swear I'm {eatin' good} What you on that diet for? I'm chillin' with some fire hoes So hot you'll need a fire hose Too much pussy on your payroll boy You need to fire hoes (You're fired) That's why my fans is who I'm writin' for You'd swear they never tire Cause they hands are up the entire show But what you hidin' for? I'm speakin' for your benefit Me to you is like PlayStation 3 to SEGA Genesis I have no arch nemesis I have no identity I just go gorillas in your village and start pillaging your city I still got it I don't need to baby sit I'm just magnificent like Magic back in '86 I told her, "Cook my eggs Benedict" She say I'm gettin' cocky Now I say, "I've been a dick" "Bitch" Hahaaa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bush Babees f/ De La Soul, Mos Def Album: Gravity Song: The Love Song Remix Typed by: CenzoNY@aol.com (Lee Majors) This is....a Bush Babee... Exclusive ya'll. De La, Bush Babees, yeah, yeah, check it! (Mos Def) Comin' wit it, comin' wit it,  comin', comin', comin', comin' 'wit it. I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. Love, love, and we don't stop! Love, love everybody! Love, love! Love! Love! Love! Please, everybody. (Lee Majors) Hip hop's last desciple. Your rhymes are tampered wit' like the bible. My ill recitle, marks the genesis. The nemesis flows malicious. On Schindlers lists's with astericks's. The ficticious, I get suspicious. He's born vicious. For the list'ners.....I'm complex. R&B singers love to show off they bird chest. Shirtless, and worthless. Respect a truer living. My tax dollars run your whole filthy religion. It gets sick when I catch 'em slippin'. They frontin' hard. Bring your crew son. Laced up wit' words from god. It's Lee Major! I snatch the earth, and make the world believe. C'mon now! Ya'll fuckin' with these super MC's. So please David Merse, I'll make your crew disperse. Word is born. Pot holes, I'll stomp a cannon in your lawn. Sing along! It's that same old song. You ain't tough to step up. In native toungues I'll have to call that bluff (Dove) Ay yo! Straight out the laboratory. 'Got a bag of stories, for you fairy tale niggas. I excersize this love into the fine figures. We cuttin heads like the scissors. Excuse me mista tally-man come tally up these digits. Secure it like we live it. No need to play it minor. Up on you like your favorite designer. >From here to ocean liner.. I can please it cooler than cooley. Ya mooley! Ya foolin' yourself. Only dependin' on wealth. See you can shake it salt n' pep', but I can't taste your spice. You got the evil all up in you like dice. I keep the vision pricise. And send these critters out to Candy, Calcutta. Fuck the butter! See we make the persona. And our kids lovin' out the solar galac'. So pull the rope for no slack.  This second shot is to my man pharoah track. Out of the seven-eighteen,  we meet the fifty-one-six on all sides. And touch grounds to marinade with the five. Check it out! (Mos Def) I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. Love, love, and we don't stop! Love, love everybody! Love, love! Love! Love! Love! Please, everybody. (Posdnous) Yes ya'll. Well I shall....proceed,....and continue....to make you bleed. It's the anthem of the evil that knows your creed. That's why I made sure to inform my seed. That if the world looks scary, it's because it is. Filled with scary young niggas takin' yours, and his, and hers. Send a sign, helps to get this heard. Worldwide it's hard to send. I'll be the former fifty-two man. Over-standing color and demeanor. On the browns of L.I. Sound To the greens of Medina Where DCQ an' two, we holdin' down fort. We got a quart of love stationed in the wagon. Right Drinkin' an' braggin'. Some puffin' wear they outfit pants saggin'. Rhymes tight, I got another lighter to burn. Lessons learned. Coast to coast! I pass to mighty Mos Def (Mos Def) North, south, to the east to west. Well I don't know what I been told. But nowaday you can't believe everything that you hear. Skeezoids, tabloid like "A Current Affair". Objects in the mirror closer than they appear. Sometimes the world feel like it's a real cartoon. I woke up in fresh air just to comsume bus fumes. niggas screamin' 'bout they cream that they tryin' to get. The same issh different day, is still the same issh. Whenever el's get lit, man your focus get split. And then you start seein' double an' get caught in the bubble. Pop music is what rap get confused wit'. Same hand you play to win be the hand you lose wit'. Who's this? It's the mighty Mos Def yall. To make you raise your hand high an' say yes yall. This ain't no stale fairy tale it's funk-fresh yall. Accent the nerve wit' my verb. Like, Yes pa! I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. I been all around the world and back again.  All I want is piece of mind. Love, love, and we don't stop! Love, love everybody! Love, love! Love! Love! Love! Please, everybody. (Mr. Man) I been around your sun twenty-two times and still counting  Still rolling I got that shit to keep your whole planet bouncin'- Bounce -off it's axis. Relax cause the fact is spreaden'. Rap till the ends I'm deaden'. Wit' the illest ryhme heard this side of the sun. My man walks around the planet makin' money, havin' fun. I walk around the earth makin' these rappers piss they pants. Cuz' finance without substance is a nuisance. See nowadays the pen is mightier than the sword. So even when my style is free, you can't afford- -to have stepped. I dash your whole rep to pieces. I used to pray to Jesus. But I found too many creases in that thesis. So now it's the Elo on the war path. As long as light shines I still be droppin' more math- -than kids in college, who couldn't handle the preesure. So spread the news around town like Sarah Lee Kesler. Word! (Mos Def & Big Lite) We get love. Yeah! Yeah! Bush Babees again! We get love. Keep it movin' for real. We get lo-loove! Lance an' De La Soul. We get love. I got a big up dere' Pos an' Mase We get love. Yeah, for real! We get love. Mos Def in are de place again We get love. Lee Major. We get love. aye an' I one time We get love. An' Mr. man. Hey dere' Rudebwoy talk ta' dem'. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Drag-On, Maino, Styles P., Swizz Beatz, Talib Kweli Album: Stand Up 12" Song: Stand Up (Sean Bell Tribute) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Grind House Sean Bell, everybody  [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, we gotta fight for our rights, huh Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, we gotta fight for our rights, huh  It's crazy, man it's crazy Man it's crazy, man it's crazy Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up man, we gotta stand fight for our rights, huh  [Cassidy] The boy Sean in heaven cause he was born in hell To feed his daughter, he hustled like I ain't gon fail He was an electrician but wasn't doing well I ain't gon say he sold drugs but kept going to jail He wasn't doing right cause life wasn't going well I'm gon tell a story, ghostwritten by Sean Bell Detective suppose to protect us, but nowdectective shoot us They ruthless like Michael Oliver and Detective Cooper Obama, when you get elected, please improve the law Cause they ain't have to shoot 50 shots and a moving car Them cops admit that they did it and still got acquitted But if we fight our rights, one day we got to get it   [Drag-On] Yeah, chea, uh, uh Niggas in New York like on the cell Turn to kid got shot named Sean Bell Damn, another good soldier fell If he would've did it, he would've got no bail What's going on? I can't tell, cops getting away with that murder murder 50 shots right through the car, and they ain't even find out one burner Cause all they wanna do is meet the quoter Running up, killing niggas on the corner Better watch out for they for they pop up on ya Cause cops every block hot as a sauna Another young black casualty That's the government strategy In the hood, they harassing me What happened to Sean can happen to me I feel for his moms (yeah), I feel for his pops (yeah) When I heard that verdict, I peeled through the block Feel his family pain, what a way to die Just try to keep your sane, it's ok to cry   [Maino] Listen, look, now I can't helpbut think what if that man was me What if the rose was different, I was him and he was me What if he had the chance to live out his wildest dreams What if his 50 shots came directly after me? What if my son was crying? Police, they keep on lying What if my girl waslive hurting? Al Sharpton says defying This shit is crazy, they got our babies Feels like the world is a prison, we in the case and There ain't no hope for us, look at how they hurting us Dirty cops and politicians, I don't have a soul to trust Hope is not enough, we need to open up We need to fight, we need to change, we need to do for us   [Styles P.] People come to march, but I come to spark blue Throw it in your head, they on kill us cause we dark Nowonce thepolice, (what up), a black man isrunning for president But still no justice, no peace Just we in our own hell up in New York City And I'm thinking what a pity, every man is Sean Bell Is a black man a bullseye? Just a moving target to 'em Let it go, reload, we that much of a problem to 'em? Judge let the cop go, we that much of a problem to 'em? How your honor ain't got no honor to 'em? Peace to the family of Bells I respect how you're strong, may your family be well   [Talib Kweli] Yo, yeah, yeah, get up, stand up Man, get up, stand up, yeah, no, no No he didn't come to mourn, not another mother torn Not another brother gone, something's wrong, the last thingwe need is another song Man, the proofof lack of leadership like a truth up in themedia My people in need of a solution, we needsomecivil disobedience They stuck glued to theyTV screen and they believewhat's on they computer screen The cops did they job and did it well, that's how the judge viewed the scene Skip the jury of their peers Now the Bell family's eyes is blurry with their tears, you feel the fury everywhere Nothing left than assassintation, exaggeration of the facts Fabrications is facinating, the beast is waiting to attack Gotta face it, if you're blackandyou're young  It's predetermine that you that you pack a gun, people shouting black to everyone  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C.H.A.D. The Change f/ Mos Def Album: The Introduction: Cresendo Song: Don't Look Down Typed by: chadthechange.com Verse Some hate ta see Those that make it from a place that make the town thats made of peace Look like it was make believe Those the ones I'd hate to be Yet I awaited patiently To break away and thankfully I'm better than you could maybelline (make up) Now they vapor breathe And envy Wit it faithfully Slow no I don't brake my speed Do pet peeves You will pay a fee Flamer Make them fakers flee They lucky I don't make 'em bleed I hit knees And I pray for the As I chase dreams While I'm makin cheese While I take the seeds And fertilize all the young minds that been colonized We will take and breed the brains they cage and make 'em free Mental chains get ta breakin these Worse ones is invisible and individual naw not the literal physical slavery that they perceive All of the shit that we hate ta see They glorify it on pay per v Then notarize it on paper sheet And more than lie just make a fee So I cant proceed Til we fill all the vacancies Where the real were replaced wit the Fake ones in a race to see Our race to be erased wit ease From great disease from a ta z Thats plaguin our people presently Or back in the fields wit them pasty thieves Tryna hang on Our people I peep I'm like hang on I'm eager to equal the pain so I d. eagle the evil I bang on Correct or don't come again Cuz I give a fuck bout ya cheddar mane Or who it is you think you betta than I been done put you in a shredder thang I think you in debted forever so Ay nigga show some respect or getcha brain Feelin paralyzed leavin needin cane Or some medicaid man aint that a shame And you know this Naive niggas never notice Its like we under some hypnosis That keeps us doin all this ho shit Man I'm guessin I suppose its A part of plan thats the start of the end Put ya wings in the sky let 'em part with the wind Playa keep it ford nigga focus Hook Don't look down It's an impossible view Fly like an eagle Whatever you do Dont look down Its an impossible view Spead ya wings Aerial The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chali 2na f/ Talib Kweli Album: Fish Outta Water Song: Lock Shit Down Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chali 2na] Lock shit DOWN! We came to just do this for you Sit back and just watch us bubble We come with more heat than the sun do Gorillas out of the concrete jungle We came to just do this for you Sit back and just watch us bubble Gorillas out of the concrete jungle We come with more heat -- lock shit DOWN! [Chali 2na] Yeah, of all secrets I'm the best kept Making sure my first step is my best step I watched my investments while the rest slept and changed tools like the faders on the vest tecs Yes, I'm a mile under the floor with a swisha full of kush and a towel under the door You remember me as the tallest one of the four Every time you come and check out your boy he -- lock shit DOWN! Yeah, hot like the tip of a blowtorch Deliver a show horse with little or no force This heavy but low voice making ladies go moist Don't front, people killed off the joint, there's no choice Huh, I'm running my mouthpiece and I outreach to the power of devout speech While you shall beef, screaming from your couch seat We about heat and we come to -- lock shit DOWN! [Chali 2na] Yeah, second half of a double header Tool of a trouble setter, here to make it bubble better {?} bass sick as Barney Rumble's sweater and I'm blowing like the coldest winter, Chicago weather Hey, while you sweeter than plain cinnamon My lyric venom in your vein, now your brain haemorrhaging If you think that I'm insane, I'm a plain citizen People call me by my name, I remain disciplined Hey, a wicked sentence in a vicious blend has more wealth than the wallets of the richest men It's interesting, pay attention to what you witnessing The love of the art form, not just a dividence Yeah, all eyes on B But please don't put them rumours and them lies on me Cause I'm just clown to come with the fat sound Chali 2na, Talib, and we come to -- lock shit DOWN! [Talib Kweli] In the concrete jungle, a wild animal My stomach growling like Lions, it's understandable Rappers will run right up on you and try to battle you Quicker than a Cheetah run up on a Caribou What up 2na? The Blacksmith is back with the backflip flow and got the survival tactics We crack it open like the seal on a package Came with a message, we must retain the freshness You lame and you plain depressing Is this what the game is left with? It's on homie, name the weapons Soon as Mister International step in You rapping irresponsible, irrational death wish Get ready, I got enough, lyrics I be stocking up In all suspense boy, you better lock it up Is it live or what? We came to rock it now Treat it like it's out of pocket -- lock shit DOWN! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Samuel Christian f/ Mos Def Album: Black and White soundtrack Song: You (Feel Good Remix) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com Yo yo yo yo You yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo You please let's get-- [Samuel Christian] If ignorant is everything that we don't know And we can only obtain wisdom as we grow Then why we actin like we just got off the boat If that's how you man can preceed we'll let you go With so many mistakes to ignorant to know That it was you behold to row my own boat row That hard to stat, that I and pride will kill it slow So when your children our name I'll let it go Chorus 2X: Cuz I come to believe that ain't nuthin in this world like you Ain't nuthin in this world like you Ain't nuthin in this world like you [Samuel Christian] Cuz I come to believe that if you build it I am movin way too slow Then just demand am I one of your own that's all Ain't scared of it, will take the hit if that's the road Cuz just for you I clinch my fist to hold the gold And if that's enough open my eyes to show me the way Like you did Moses two tablets ago And when I'm done I will return to let him know The battles over now get ready for the vow Chorus 2X Cuz I come to believe that-- [Mos Def] It's cherokee the dark ebony the fly heavenly Make me forget my federal treasury Just to be inside the strike zone of your energy Love blessedly, come next to me, messure me with memory I fiend terribly but I still I know you there for me This thing is scaring me for real, uncruel like what the deal Your love is wild like mass appeal,  I'm just gon have to man and have to deal With how I feel and really really keep it real And realize you equalize the R E ality, so casually No fantasy, challenge me to be the man I have to be For those who rule the man and woman after me No time for movin backwards my passion flee fantastically Still I know this task to me to realize my mastery And set inside my fantasy  leave everything that all your love is askin me From first to the last with me, I pray you keep your hands on me And let the hear your tablets be, written on behalf of me [Samuel Christian] Here in the ghetto with my lady love Nadia she keep me down to the city life, Nadia Nadia Cuz I met her the ghetto, with my lady love Nadia keep me bound to the city life, Nadia Nadia Cuz I met her in the ghetto God is in the ghetto Love is in the ghetto In the ghetto Truth is the ghetto Power in the ghetto The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chops f/ Phil Da Agony, Ras Kass, Talib Kweli Album: Virtuosity Song: Comin from the Lower Level Typed by: Lemming0O@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Phil Da Agony] Hard way o' livin Take it one day at a time Combine all the thoughts from the mind See through y'all like a Australian hundred People still buzzin off the first single blunted Lyrics like a maze The beat'll just keep you enroute So y'all can just party ya way out Developin at the house So when it comes time for me to put it out I get my point off what I'm about Family first Depictin every word on my verse To be the best weapon on earth I'm steppin on turf Symbolizin makin it work Network, the date on my shirt Prayin it works If I die my lyrics are legible Somebody read 'em Cuz somebody in this world need 'em Feed 'em to the hungry Educate all the people amongst me Spread 'em all across the whole country [Hook] [Ras Kass] Yeah Ras gladiate fowla Imma die through valhalla Slappin sixteen pimps like baguettes with baby powder How high is elevation? Depends on the mind How much is too much? Depends on the crime Nine to the ten, (and) eight to the nine My ho's rate like television networks prime time My whole state asks me to stand on my shoulders Tell ya soldiers we be bold like yo shanoya Hold ya damn phone They puttin bb, jay, shyne, and biggie on the same song With p diddy, lil zane, ja rule, and tupac If this truth fits, wear it biter, and through the socks (nigga) Phil the agony, ras kass, kweli I fuck with hos from videos not then again I read Respect ya for not me I be superficial Money, hos, and clothes, then let death kiss you [Hook] [Talib Kweli] Yeah I write rhymes on backpedals of dusted cars Trust these bars to get high enough to touch the stars My dreams far to big for a box I rock harder than fiends leanin on ya block Steamin on some chocolate paper filled with the greatest And got the latest devices on my head It's all here as far as this rap shit I let y'all niggaz argue about who the nicest Set my watch to crisis Fundraise stack papers like isis Twice as much you wanted first is what you get Ya boy kwa about to let you forget Don't hold ya breath This the whole enchilada My flow's hotta And blows spotsa (sssssss) Like soldiers lookin for osama Go harder to the paint of stained glass artists Lacin the chapel with bitches and papel saints Yall ain't natural, y'all sweet like snapple drinks This battle see what the big apple think We hotter than bein on the beat To cali with minx You on a brink The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Mos Def Album: Like Water For Chocolate Song: The Questions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh.. [Common] It's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy It's the questions (What?) it's the questions c'mon The questions (WHAT?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah Talkin bout the questions, it's the questions y'all It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, dig it The questions (why?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about Yo, yo.. What is an emcee if the wall ain't got no back? (I don't know, yo, he must be kinda wack) What is paper to a nigga if the nigga don't stack? (Yo, why the hell you askin me that?) Why do these girls, look so good in the summer? (I don't know, I'm just sayin this shit) If you got ta-dat-ta-dat-tap for your lady wouldja wanna? (Hmmm.. yeah, right) Cause you answer the phone "peace" do that mean that you not a freak? (Hell no! That's right) Cause you recognize me-e-e-e-e, yo, I got to speak? (Why can't you speak? What you big a star now?) Why you got-ta, act like, nigga, all the time (Even on SUNDAY's you should..) Is a nigga yo' complexion, is it all in your mind? (It's all your mind..) What's it called y'all? It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions boy It's the questions (What?) it's the questions, yeah! The questions (uhh) it's the questions y'all It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions c'mon The questions, it's the questions boy It's the questions (ahh, uh ahh) it's the questions, yeah The questions (yes) it's the questions boy It's the questions - that's what it's all about Yo, if I'm a intellectual-al, I can't be sexual? (I don't know, you wanna be sexual??) If I want to uhh tah uhh does that mean I lack respect for you? (I don't know you tell me..) Youse a grown man, why fuck that young girl, are you lustin? (I might look twenty but I'm 15 - slow down girl) If you got paper like that, then why you still hustlin? (Why you still hustlin? C'mon!) Now you know yo' stomach too big, to be wearin a shirt like that (Look at your stomach - ewww it's sloppy) So why, you want, to go and do that? [Mos Def] Why ya why ya why ya why ya why ya wanna why ya wanna Why ya wanna go and do that love huh? Yo why your girl gi-giddy when my name come up? {*female giggling*} How come the industry build careers that don't last? (Uh-huh, that's right, ask him) How come niggaz don't know but they front and don't ask? (Mmmmhmmm) Man I don't know, I don't know [Common] It's the questions (WHAT?) it's the questions girl It's the questions (What?) it's the questions c'mon The questions (WHAT?) it's the questions Com It's the questions (hah) it's the questions yeah Yo we talkin bout the questions, it's the questions girl It's the questions (the who, the where, the when, the why) It's the questions, c'mon!! The questions.. the questions y'all (yo we shoutin it out) It's the questions - that's what it's all about [Mos Def] Yo, why they say never say never, when they know that ain't right? (What???) Cause to never say never you done said never twice (They scrubs, that's why - yeah that's twice) Why do I need I.D. to get I.D.? (I don't know, beats me.. beats me) If I had I.D. I wouldn't need I.D. (Hahahahah, that's right - that's true) Why do these fine ghetto women got so much ass? (Why'd you talkin about our ass though? C'mon now) Why did Dr. J shave his beard and mustache? (Like this.. and like this) How you got high expectations but got no patience? (C'mon, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know) How come this joint named "The Questions" is so John Blazin'? (Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Man I don't know, I don't know [Common + Mos Def] It's the questions (what..) it's the questions boy It's the questions, it's just my questions black Some questions - it's the questions y'all It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, yo Talkin bout the questions, it's the questions girl It's the questions (what?) it's the questions, c'mon The questions (which?) and we're shoutin it out It's the questions (huh?) that's what it's all about, yo {*continues to fade with ad libs..*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Coup f/ Black Thought, Talib Kweli Album: Pick a Bigger Weapon Song: My Favorite Mutiny Typed by: robburns1@mac.com * * send corrections to the typist [Black Thought] Move, if you got the nerve Lash out for your just desserts It's not just the worth Some of y'all heads up in the clouds I'ma bring y'all back to earth It's black back to birth Bullshit y'all talkin' 'bout Out ya mouth, I'm not concerned Cause y'all got the nerve It's y'all turn like Detroit red When he said he had an ultra perm The long walk to burn your bare heels So they worn your boots The game camouflage like army suits But I can see it more clear cause I came with the coup in here Ring the alarm and form the troops Send 'em out into the world, go to war in a fluke Eye to eye with the enemy you sworn to shoot Now comin' at ya neck sick ya hand, something wrong with me Motherfucker somethin's wrong with you When you cheat just way to smart to question The enemy the brothers of a dark complexion The governments of the world is shark infested They heavy on weaponry like Charelton Heston Man yeah it gets low here uh, real low Know what I'm talkin' 'bout? I ain't rockin' with you, so what what you goin do? (it's my favorite mutiny) I ain't rockin' with you, you're logic does not compute (it's my favorite mutiny) [Boots] Death to the pigs is my basic statement I spit street stories 'til I taste the pavement Tryin' to stay out the pen while we face enslavement Had a foolproof hustle 'til they traced the payments I was grippin' my palm around some shitty rum Tryin' to find psalm number 151 To forget what I'm owed, as I clutch the commode Alright, put down the bottle and come get the guns I get off the chain like Kunta Kinte with a MAC-10 They want us gone like a dollar in a crack den Said at least a track then, seeds & stems Mind cloudy through the wheeze and phlegm I'm get my brain off of that and the Jesus hymns If we waiting for the time to fight, these is thems Tellin' us to relax while they ease it in. We gettin greased again The truth I write is so cold, It'd freeze my pen I'm Boots Riley it's a pleasure to meet you Never let they punk ass ever defeat you They got us on the corner wearin pleather and see thru All y'all's gold mines they wanna deplete you I ain't just fin to rap on the track, I fin to clap on the back And it's been stackin' to that Been a hundred years before iceberg ever lean back in the 'lac Before they told Rosa black in the back Before the CIA told Ricky Ross to put crack in the sack And Gil-Scott tradin' rappin for smack This beat alone should get platinum plaques I'd rather see a million of us ecstatic to scrack 'Cause if we bappin' 'em back we automatically stack [Talib Kweli] This the guy like Truman C[e1] Riq, Boots and me Activate in the community Up in the bay like Huey P It's like a free, it remind me of the B Kder's love for me But beats got it twisted, I'll untangle it Black mind is entwined like the ropes they used to hang us with This is my favorite shit, I came in the game with any way to spit Ya got a questionnaire, who you bangin' with? Take it back to M hotel Throw a step deeper like a poor righteous teacher with holy intellect Killer flow form a real niggaz laughin' and forni fairly at a jigabou at a penitent (???) Once again you can feel hip-hop Underground, still about McGruff Gangsta like, fuck the cops Talib Kweli revolutionary mc, and that ain't about stuff The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Creators f/ Black Star (Mos Def and Talib Kweli) Album: The Weight Song: Hard Margin Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mos Def talking] See, now y'all cats think I'm playing haha (???) can't see yo, see yo, see you too It's not easy, it's not easy to see all you haha See good, you know? If you can shop, you know [Mos Def] (???) Hotter than the summer at Kajasa Where Francis Coppola and Dennis Hopper burned down the Don Store Opera Hijack ya sponsor Some surrender greens, yet we remain unconquered The Black Star galactical, contemporary, classical, magical Mr. Tim's other hand slappin you Tread the narrow passage through the regulator habitats Place where ain't no crackers at Place where all the crackas at, outer city limits Hotter than the Red Light District Dealin rap flows, strictly cash flow business Stakes is high like astrophysics Play with mine, you'll have no winnings Let these mother scratchers know from go ginnin They better move slow like old women We want the whole cake, whole milk and no skimmin Hand crafted flows wove in silk or linen Word is war/wore like denim, we textile blendin Topper say top spinnin Transcribe the document, prominent on all continents Black Star congregates and dominates Burn through your armor plates Pipin hot and we not from concentrate Make the mass mob the market place Cuz we rock the black market tapes Hard margin (hard margin) [Mos Def talking] haha haha, these cats is funny man Think it a big joke? They make a lotta presumptions based on some nonsense Yeah mon, ya don't know me Ya don't know me, think you know me, ya don't know me Ya vision not sharp Ya vision can't see the light proper, ya see? [Talib Kweli] Movin the crowd like cattle from here to Picadilly Circus Try to battle us, it's clearly silly and worthless You really can't hurt us and it's ridiculous to try So stick us with us unless you wanna die and not know why Yo we spray you with ambition like an inner drive by Feel the pain of my rain when I snatch the sun out your sky Thinkin you fly, signin contracts with the devil, bust guys iller We flatten your town like Godzilla Whether guilt is a skrilla, Franks or banks, five pence or ten cents Whatever the currency we currently intense like great sex You make bets before you gamble your life away On mics I break up vets like fights Crumble up rookies like cookies Lest y'all can deal with them bookies Aww sooky sooky, now looky looky here Yo you softer than pink cashmere Just catchin up with rhymes that I fuckin dropped last year I flow clear like Evian, tap on that ass like Savion My style's way beyond the average rhyme savage The shit that they be on, it ain't doin no damage If lyrical skills is food then them niggaz is famished They can't manage so their shit is poorly represented Necessity's the mother of everything that's embedded I came up with the style to see right through your smile My rhyme is true and leave you kinda blue like Miles Pick my gun up and run up on you just like the river Nile Bringin life to the mic like midwives deliver child Now the stakes is high so I'ma take you there That beef will get you all bloody cuz your steaks is rare The hard margin Why you startin? Your life get finished Corny cats, no experience, green like spinach Lookin diminished and malnourished Me and Mos flourish The illest shit ever dropped by American tourists Hard margin [Mos Def] What if I drop the hard bargain? We the reason why Cipher start sparkin Curse on your whole dance squadron Black Star shine and never darken (???) enlarging, hard margin, hard margin So what if I rise and start sparkin? From never foolin lofty ass gardens Rock your whole head, code red like margarine Black Star shine, we never darken *echo* Hard margin {*Mos Def says more ad libs*} Artist: Crunch Ex f/ Talib Kweli Album: Broken Anglish 12 Song: Broken Anglish Typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kweli] Alright, we on What time is it? Cuz I don't have my watch set bout midnight We about to get into this broken anglish Yo know what I'm saying? Empty pages This language is mad limited Jahson is in the house Crunch Extraordinaire, Talib Kweli, Wanna Battle Put your lighters in the air If you listening to this in your ride right now Honk your horn really fuckin loud This is how we do [Crunch] Yo, nickels, dimes heavy turnouts Get sweated like I did a hundred burnouts Your blowing my high, but I still got enough stamina To lyrically smack, whack niggas on camera I get a rush when 20, 30 thou on they feet I get em open like umbrellas in exotic drinks Just think, right now if I was to go seven thirty In an 88 Oldsmobile, ridin dirty Flag down a bootleg let me out on the next street So I can get one of them blazing joints from filthy street cleats Hold me down hun Cuz after work I'm turnin it out These fools like dirty days in the workhouse Landspeed is the label like drinks and coffee tables Flip it back and moving em like 6-inch cables Spike punch, trench coats are dorin gable My voice box on the percussion, stable Sharing my pen is like sharing a needle It ain't ghetto no more cuz they tearing down the Regal All you need is a drop of this you can feed the whole metropolis With a rotwilder pitbull lock on this I get the water out Know doubt time to pull out Time vacate the dime think I'll take the border route Meet me at the duplexes I got certain issues, niggas spend 8, 20's on a pair of gym shoes I got change back from paying all these dues I got rhymes that are just chillin in my fatty tissues [Kweli] Crunch I know the natti with you Brooklyn hold it down Peep how we terrorize these niggas through the sound Wanna Battle compound It's how we do Nobody out there can fuck with my crew Jahson, you know what I'm talking about Dante, you know what I'm talking about Main Flow, you know what I'm talking about Hi-Tek, you know what I'm talking about Let's put it down, yo yo yo Wanna Battle Ways of the gun, will bust with you Play it to the bone like grisle I'm straight official Federal like long-prison time Ohio give you Hop on the Jahson track rip it to thisles Like my nigga E-Dub We love the street buzz Cats in the game acting soft like peach fuzz Delete dubs Carry my voice through Queen City With stories that make the horrible seem pretty Niggas is Proctor and Gambling with their life I take my anger, handle it and channel it through the mic Spray the area complex, like the inferior one You get when you standing to close to the sun It's like Ra pum pa pum pum beat the drum like a man You get burned really quick trying to enter my atmosphere This ain't practice here, just the money-shot for the game I know I rocked your brain when your honey dropped the name, Kweli That's what you get for asking stupid questions Like who's the best you've ever had Don't be mad, these are skills you never had and never will Me and my niggas forever build Before this shit get too hot you better chill For real, you deal with Kweli and Crunch Extraordinary You ain't heard no shit like this We pop cherries are virgin ears Remember you heard it hear first Got a taste for blood, quench my thirst with the verse Chorus: [Crunch] It's broken anglish to some niggas Another language For those I gotta break it down for It's called slanguage Kwa, I know Brooklyn with the Natti hold it down Peep how we terrorize niggas through the sound Samples- Guru  Kweli  Crunch  Kweli [Crunch] It's going down Cincinnatti and Brooklyn rasp Watch the planet and the sun and the moon collapse Jot it down Got it down, just some hints for y'all Crunch and Talib anglish broken like fibulas Watch y'all inspect it You cats better respect this Some of y'all turn me off like gas and electric This language is for stocking caps and hoodies I blaze and state issues and goodies Red bull lounging on Persian rugs and footies I expected this to turn out harder than my woody Cin the clip Crooklyn the barrel Can't find an anti-dote for these lyrical poison arrows For senoritas mama and papa too old Batman grooving to this dynamic duo Turn it down, the sound too much for y'all How we lace it is just so punctual Show each other our rings, after the emcee superbowl Exploit these ballpoint after I break fools No doubt, fo sho' it's for certain When they get wind of this walls coming down like Berlin You can get enough of this whether you sell crack or working Whether you roller blade, snowboard or surfing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Curren$y f/ Jay Electronica, Mos Def Album: Pilot Talk Song: The Day Typed by: jostmatt at bluewin dot ch [ Curren$y ] Wack niggas sleep-rappin and woke up in trouble Wack niggas with that sleep-rappin and woke up in trouble You was cool ten years ago, you fuckin Lex Bubble Yeah [ VERSE 1: Curren$y ] Brand new tires, rollin down the same ol' strip New party, same ol' chicks I'm so sorry if I don't look happy to be here And your label offers but they said I can't smoke weed here Man fuck it, I'm out Black-owned and I'm 'bout it, fool, I got a studio in my house Along with some of the perks that come with my work Pretty 20-somethin sleepin in my diamond-supplied shirt There is not a adjective to describe how I work Hard is not enough, brother, I'm tougher Wack niggas with that sleep-rappin and woke up in trouble You was cool ten years ago, you fuckin' Lex Bubbles You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em Learn how to roll with the punches Take 'em to school, give these niggas brown bag lunches If it ain't the Jets, then it ain't nothin [ Mos Def ] Yo  The king closed his cloak The set was overfull Such a excellent moment, so emotional They rushed out on the field, so devoted for Final victory clutched, they went postal cold Glory overload, hold up, hold my coat Please, remember this day This changes everything, we can do anything Shorty sure anyway [ VERSE 2: Jay Electronica ] My mama told me, "Son, always call a spade a spade Be like Chuck D, never be like Flavor Flav" But that clock around his neck is so fly And the way he complimentin Chuckie with that bow-tie flow Make me feel high, so I'm gon' spit it my way Excuse me as I do me, cruisin rudely down the highway I'm young, black, intelligent, elegant, blahse Back to the thesis Back to shootin craps and talkin smack to the polices Back to black and gold Bally's, Dickeys with the creases Pullin young'ins by the coattail, schoolin 'em who the beast is I pray this flow is dumb enough I pray my heart is DMC and Reverend Run enough Cause I'ma trhow my number up I'ma throw some chicken bones and feathers on a hundred bucks And summon up the thunder - What? The voodoo man is comin, brah You can't see the forrest for the trees? It's okay, I got my jigsaw and my lumber truck Tell them boys they run is up [ Mos Def ] Yo  The king rose and spoke The set was overfull Such a beautiful moment, so emotional They cried out in the field, so devoted for Home team champion, they went postal cold Power overload, hold up, hold my coat Please, remember this day This changes everything, until you show anyway We ready for anything The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Beatminerz f/ Talib Kweli, Total Album: Brace 4 Impak Song: The Anti-Love Movement Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Total] No I don't wanna love you, ummmhmmm No I don't wanna love, I don't wanna love (c'mon) No I don't wanna love you, aaaahhaa (Yea, yea, yea) No I don't wanna love. No I don't wanna love you (Don't wanna love you) Cuz I know how you are (How you are) That's whay I've been stayin away from you That's why I've caught you babe (I have it good) Cuz I know you can posess my body (Yea baby) I know you can make me scrawl And I know you can have my body shakin And I know you can have me comin whoa [Talib Kweli] Yea, I remember how we was stressed out when I met you I was going through shit too, we kinda clicked Ms. Special was freaky like a Maplethorn photo But no this song came up in my head like "Oh no!" The rest of me sounded like Marv Albert "Yes" Don't let my eyes undress, let's slide to my rest You fly as our guest, besides we the best Plus, made the chicken much more than thighs and breasts Live in the flesh even liver in the spirit C'mon ma, sometimes you cry when I hit it Marks on her back, heart on attack, why when we did it Took a minute to catch her breath when we finished Yo, whatever cat got you actin like that Think back, I asked you if you drink 'yac You said no, or order Merlot You like to drink that, but only on special occasions Tell me what's my special, then it's dangerously azin I don't wanna love you (I don't wanna love you baby) Cuz I know how you are (Cuz I know how you are) Sure you say you're ridin in your white chas' (When I trust you, I trust) With me I know you'll be right off Cuz you know I can posess your body too (Posess your body) You know I could make you crow (Make you crow) And just as hard as I fall for you (Fallin, fallin) Well you know you fall for me harder (Ooh yea, yea, yea, yea) [Talib Kweli] Yea, the way I spit it, them other cats can forget it You talkin numbers other cats is talkin digits Tryna hit it and beat it, smack it and blow your back out So abbusive, I could wrestle and blessed that it turned the cat out Crazy for Haiti, we in the zone gettin playfully erotic Whatever you give to me, I'll give it back graciously exotic Sweet incense, meet the scent of chronic in the air Mixed in with the sex funk in the atmosphere They say love stinks, sex smells Wanna suck that eye-candy, the way you double excell You, all in my bubble and troubled the way you fell We check it like a couple, good lovin up in the tell Then you, tell your friends I'm your skin like melanin A gentleman that make them little boy games seem irrelevant My special friend, up in my mix we make a special blend Shit, feel to good that's why you hesitant No I don't wanna love you (Don't wanna love you) Cuz I know how you are (How you are) That's why I've been stayin away from you That's why I have caught you babe (I have it good) Cuz I know you can posess my body (Yea baby) I know you can make me scrawl And I know you can have my body shakin I know you can have me comin whoa [Total (Talib Kwel)] 2x No I don't wanna love you, ummmhmmm (what) No I don't wanna love, I don't wanna love (uh-uh, uh-uh c'mon) No I don't wanna love you, aaaahhaa No I don't wanna love, ummmhmmm (yea, yea, y'all havin fun yet) [Talib Kweli] Total, Talib Kweli, yea Beatminerz, Mr. Walt, Baby Paul and The Evil Dee yea DND The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) f/ Talib Kweli Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Old School Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Talib Kweli] One two three, in the place to be! MF Doom, Talib Kweli, ah here we go On born days, I used to blow out the candles; and every Saturday watch cartoons 'til noon and then I'd switch to Ralph McDaniels I was, makin up a miracle flow, over a cereal bowl And a paused beat from my stereo Rhymes stronger than Popeye with the spinach Yeah I'm gangster like the frog on Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse Maybe I'm trippin and it's just a cartoon to you But I got chills when I heard how Doom flipped the Scooby Doo And, I might be buggin but it seem to me that cartoons be realer than reality TV They inspire my decision to be open and listen But folks got it all twisted, like a yoga position Like, in order to spit it dope, you gotta have a criminal past that's similar to the cast of Different Strokes Me and my people break bread, sit and smoke The conversation rich, but that depend on what you consider broke I draw on anything for inspiration A fond memory, a piece of paper, walls in a train station [Chorus: Talib Kweli] It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (I'm old school y'all, yes y'all, I keep it goin y'all, here we go) It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (I'm old school y'all, keep it goin y'all, keep it goin y'all) It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (Ah here we go, c'mon) [MF Doom] And we'll be right back after these messages Fellas grab your nutsacs, chicks squeeze your breastesses We ain't all that grown, it's still funny like Goin to the store on your own with rainbow money Since then had an insane flow sonny Walkin to the corner rhymin in the rain, nose runny Breakdancin maybe ten, bummy is when Subroc would run up handspring Arabian somee! Ooh wee, like a Hong Kong Phooey kick Or a weekend afternoon, karate movie flick Slept good, no justice, no peace Woody kept it hoody, never discussed it with police Shot the fair one nobody ran to get the gat Or felt they had to put it up in they raps to set it fat And since when lyrical skills had to do with killin a cat? What type of chitlins is that? The Super Villain as the bat, hide your tonic Whoever willin to ride, provide raw chronic [Talib] Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Craig David f/ Mos Def Album: 7 Days 12" Song: 7 Days (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Craig David] Oh no! Look at who they let in the back door It's been 7 days so let's roll From the UK to Brooklyn they know Craig David, Mos Def, and Premo When we step on the mic we too cold This remix might fracture your nose [Verse 1: Mos Def] uh huh, wah, ah hah, say wah, wah, you dun know.... Now look alive and clap your hands to it Sexy mammies in the house shake and dance to it My hard heads in the place don't act stupid It's not Craig and Big Mos can't do it Get that ass movin, from the front to back to it Puttin that thumpin back to it It's that music to set it off and get the mass movin Yo tell dem 'bout that shorty you came through with [Craig David] I met this girl in the subway, walkin my way It must have been my day Seem like the perfect match for me, so she said to me Craig can you give me what I wan't? I don't know about you but I feel so good Girl I can make you feel real hot tonight So I said baby we can do it in the pourin rain Do it again do it again till you call my name Girl you got me insane can't maintain the speed in the fast lane Or we can do it on the telephone, fakin moans Make you groan all night long yeah Or we could do it on the down low, or when your all alone Chorus: Craig David (DJ Premier's scratch sample) Cause it was ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday Ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on Wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday [Verse 2: Craig David] Page two look at my girl Come a little closer gimme a twirl Put my hands on your body cause your on my mind On my mind think about all the time Girl can you give me what I wan't? I don't know about you but I feel so hot I wanna love you baby, do all the little things that I wanna do Or we can do it in the pourin rain Do it again do it again till you call my name Girl you got me insane can't maintain the speed in the fast lane Or we can do it on the telephone, fakin moans Make you groan all night long yeah Or we could do it on the down low, or when your all alone Chorus: Craig David (DJ Premier's scratch sample) Cause it was ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday Ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on Wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday [Verse 3: Mos Def] Listen, little mamma you can kill all the drama Girl you know you 'gone be here till tomorrow Probably stay after that, later on and maybe play after that Get it on and lay straight after that, it's like an natural fact When you see me you know how to react It don't matter anywhere that we at it's game time Move your waistline shook your tail further to the bassline Movin in the same time like we got the same time Peep game, it's pro ball I'm pretty laced to my part I go off like Biz Mark Yeah I talk big talk but carry a big staff And stay down for layin it down yo' big ass I'm know I'm wrong, but damn ma I got to tell for true Tell the world like I tell it to you That's it's just a mere mention of you You make me get in the mood Mos and Craig Dav get in the mood it's like... Chorus: Craig David (DJ Premier's scratch sample) Cause it was ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday Ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on Wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday Ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday Ooooooh, on monday And it was (...Two!) on tuesday And it was ooooooohhh on Wednesday Gave her what she wanted through to sunday The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dead Prez f/ Bilal, Jorge Ben Jor, Positive Force, Talib Kweli album: red hot + riot song: shuffering and shmiling typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com [Jorge Ben Jor] (scat singing) [stic.man] (to the ancestors) can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot (to the warriors) can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot (to those who came before us) can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot (long lived the revolution) can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot [stic.man] religion is like prison keep the people locked up in different divisions some of them promise you heaven but I see a whole lot of bullshit ism-scism imperialism in the form of spirituality slave mentality, escape reality what we supposed to just suffer and smile and be content? sendin our prayers to the clouds? (stic.man - uhn uh) i want my heaven now, freedom on earth and if the preacher ain't with us, then we takin his church what is it worth to have the biggest religion when the people got miserable living conditions? no water, no lights, no rights all over africa we fight, but we have to unite cause ain't no power in the gospel when the priest puttin powder in his nostril and the elder's council fails to lead and the children suffer from daily need and the people can barely eat is it a sin to stand up to fight against the ones that put is in handcuffs? goddamn, what happened to the daily bread, spread love and not what the bible said, but in the name of the bible how much love is spread compared to how much blood is shed chorus: [Bilal] everyday my people get inside the bus (women - shuffering and shmiling) everyday its the circle (women - shuffering and shmiling) everyday my people get inside the bus (women - shuffering and shmiling) everyday its the circle [Jorge Ben Jor] (scat singing) (women - shuffering and shmiling) x4 everyday its the same thing [Talib Kweli] yo every day I wake up is a miracle, thank you seperate religious and the spiritual, thank you see, I dont be askin in the air, every action is a prayer the bear won't attack me, I be, attackin the bear, see back in the day I used to work in a bookstore my job was to find whatever book you look for i remember one day this lady came for a bible we was out, so I started showin here other titles tryna share information about a religion everything that I showed her was written by christians, still she got the hell up outta the place wonderin something about me shakin her faith now, knowledge is power, we spread information how strong is your faith? what it take to be shaken? yo, I think she missed what jesus was sayin can't keep your eyes closed to a revelation you could be speakin in tongues could be speakin of sons and daughters my reflection of course, within the water is beautiful, attractive, my musical contraption classified as unusual practice but thats what it take to be a man free the land, crash down on babylon like the sea to the sand peace to the fam, we want you all to stay strong and live long like a de la song, c'mon [stic.man & Talib Kweli] can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot can't keep quiet this time gon' be more than a riot [m1] this way of life, ain't right pray all day and night and don't fight poped up, doped up work three jobs to fill the gold cup no water, no food, no lights, no rights no power til the people unite it's gone - divison and they work us in prison look round, how my niggas is livin everything we make, they takin it to the bank while we sittin up in the church to give thanks don't you know the preacher got bank? (m1 - uhn uh, uhn uh) don't you know the deacon smoke dank? (m1 - uhn uh, uhn uh) did you ever think the bible was a prank? (m1 - uhn uh, uhn uh) somebody bout to faint before they came they had the bible, we had the land now, we got the bible, they got the land and what do you believe in, heaven or hell? life is what you make it, so thats why I rebel uncle sam, got blood on his hands good god, how the devil can dance nobody wanna help a nigga put your hands together, do it yourself my nigga don't sit there you won't have nobody rushin to die so do something don't just suffer and smile [chorus] [Jorge Ben Jor] (scat singing) [m1] (repeats until end) africa, africa, africa aids is killin africans, africans, africans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul Album: Joe's Apartment soundtrack Song: Dreams of the Funky Towel [Dove] In rap goes apartment leave your chart bent off of hits And catch mad love with a mix Scream on fire like grits, and make sure the shine spits Do away with all ignorance Look out for the roaches and the pits Mr. Burns beware [Mos Def] I be the Mr. Bern like the Bernstein Bears Keep it Sloppy like Joe, cuz Joe don't care But as long as I maintain savoirfaire And the bums on the street chump change I spare Keep it slick like James Brown hair, do keep it raw like the Z Ave crew, true The temperature's high up, or H-D If the last thing's a booger you can't count on me I'm a give a cockroaches, Mos Definitely [Posdonus] Now the apartment is getting kinda hot up in here I guess a De La Soul jam's been placed in your ear Added sugar to the thoughts of the inner-city circle Who might have to hurt you on a night that's late When you're in the wrong town picking up your date I guess your date wasn't set on having you for a mate Chorus: Dove Sweet dreams are made of these Who am I, to disagree? I travelled the world and the seven seas And everybody, say it's gotta be funky [Posdonus] We be the Suns party people rotate around the fun (It's Plug One) One never played no guns I specialize in never putting wool over the eyes This is the tower of stain that wouldn't be surprised if you didn't apply it to the ordinary skin I'm a MC in love with the way-back-when Match pens to pad, I be Ayamo's dad Doing laundry to clean up on reality's fad [Dove] Now we in a sticky situation but we make it FON-KAY And bring it back to the days of watching PU-NKY Brewster, used ta, be in L.I. flats With the bricks, jibbin this and that, upon tracks [Mos Def] We came to thank kids, not the blankets, but the towel Shed love with the verb and the vowel Move grooves like a bowel, De La representer See funky is the way we keep it settin in your dreams like that Chorus 2X Teah yeah, gonna keep it real for the apartments in your area Yeah, gonna move it like this everybody just funk in your area Pos One's in your area, Maseo's in your area Too much Plug, Two much Plug Plug Two's in your area De La's in the area Attic entertainment Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Enola Gay, Mos Def Album: Itzsoweezee (HOT) 12" Song: Stakes Is High (remix) Typed by: dclinder@portal.ca *Trugoy:* (Vibes... Vibrations...) Yeah... Check the vibe y'all, vibe y'all... (Vibes... Vibrations...) Dirty, rotten tooth Select from the sound booth Collect grammer Like panhandlers On skid row My John Doe'll Build a vision where thought can go walking Without the Devil hawking Stakes Is High like weed smoke We need folk To shed the truth To the wide youth *Truth Enola:* Enola got soul To hell with role models, teachers and guardians With rock-hard erections, and seven incisions Raw intercourse with mother nature She likes to bang to the left Teach all women and children only the best Stakes is Higher than the highest mountain Mos Def *Mos Def:* This is the 21st century, poor shit ain't quaint The Zulu Apaches got battle cries and war paint I do with some care cause I is who they ain't That ain't strokin' my sack, it's just a black ink fat Boy, ain't no keeping me back. Yes, Mos Def is the handle Try to test and get supressed like a government scandle Exhibit is exquisit and a level degrees Flying high in the sky with the Supa Emcees *Posdnuos:* Yo! I write rhymes like I come from New York City Rollin' with commitees, making your whole life shitty Shutting down your rap group, and you best to believe Brothers become permanent niggas when they soul is a track And ain't no niggas like the one I know Cause what I know is them niggas gotta go Make me feel I need to by a fo-fo (Bloop Bloop) Sending them express to hell though *Mos Def:* Classic material like Run DMC. At least, four out of five, every Jeep owner agrees That it's them damn high Stakes that make you pump yo' brakes (vibes) pump yo' brakes (vibes) pump yo' brakes (vibes, vibes) Haha... (Vibrations...) Get with the viggy-vibe ya'll... *Posdnuos:* Stakes is High... You know them Stakes is High, when we dealing with the (Vibes... Vibrations...) Stakes is High... Man them Stakes is High... *Truth Enola:* Doctor, I'mma make those house calls and exercise those Some people getting burned, playing their toes close Fumble-eye sky tumble-ing down, stay humble-eye Sidle up and ride. Beware, who you idolize Religious hypocrits who give away elbow in the face I'm Enola, system solar, Plug One, solely mine *Posdnuos:* We went from picking noses to pockets, directly to jail Now we think we better ourselves trying to be calm When you're puffing that (hay!) in the middle of the barn Stopping thoughts, so you can stretch a mind into yarn Funeral lawns are drunk from kids pouring out liquor Respecting life, by met up with a little quicker And we let the body rock the party until the party rocks the body Cause a scuffle broke loose due to too much juice and gin run in the minds of opposing men *Trugoy:* Aiyo, my mens is going to have to learn when to say when and when to ask why, you accept the [?] cause you dwelling in a sty Can't face it man to man, son, I see it in your eye Conseal it, why try? Display it, when you relay it You're just a lie. (Vibes... Vibrations...) *Posdnuos:* There was a lovely lady who's intent I thought I had on Rosa Parks But her ex came to town and took back her heart And she left me standing silly in the dark with a mic Caught up in expressions and learning lessons of depression Sometimes it seems I can't connect with female beings To my little Aya-Mo when she having them dreams And her facial gleams are sweet, but soon to switch to bitter cause when she reaches sixteen she'll be considered a piece of meat Not a treat but a trick to sex in showers People kick last days, we in the last hours Minutes and seconds, I reckon it won't be long til recorded ways of striving will be dead and gone But this loss coming through despite who try to see me These brothers are too hard, sisters are too easy Sleazy... *Mos Def:* Trying to please me with that sex appeal When you're livin' in the ghetto man you got to deal Brothers scatter from the function when they spot the steel Weapons get concealed, when there's plots to kill The on all up in the party cause this rock is real Niggas ain't stoppin' to think so they ain't gon' stop the violence Music too loud to hear, so Doug E. Fresh say "Silence!" Through the projects, they terminate and expect violence I rather take it easy, keep it breezy like the Attic *Truth Enola:* Revi-revolutionize We keep it complex, so don't offend Nine times out of ten, men and women pretend And mobilize devil eyes Fight beside [?], you are the type For everything in life has a price Love black berry molasses So smart you're stupid Hard heads create soft asses *Trugoy:* So like molasses... That's how you move, and how we prove with that Come with the full-pack, to keep it native like tongues, we brung the lickin' for all your earth spittins Can't write without that excite But when you come down, you're shit is dumbfound Sounded weak like mundane, someday You figure one day, you'll play the roles of masterpiece Until then cease And I'm out like reece (Vibes...) To get some Reese's Pieces Peace (Vibrations...) Check the... (Vibes... Vibrations...) (Vibes... Vibrations...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dilated Peoples f/ Talib Kweli Album: 20/20 Song: Kindness for Weakness Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] "Don't you take, my kindness for weakness" {*repeat 2X*} "Don't you take.." Dilated, yo, yo [Rakaa Iriscience] I might flip, but usually a calm individual Armed with accountants, my lawyers and other criminals Network with armies, street wars are critical and revolutionaries so streets are more liveable (C'mon) Fuck what your ego say Don't take shit for granted homey we don't play All's fair in love and war, piece of cake But beef is rare like a bloody piece of steak "Don't you take" your eyes off the quiet ones, the silent ones With the assassin smile, the most violent Train until their bleeding, crying, perspiring And gun rings firing "Don't you take" the wrong side, that's the wrong idea Untangle it, we could get it on right here Never back to broke, you get tapped or choked I might smile, but I ain't no joke (Oh, yo look out, look out Rak') [Evidence] Love or fear, the fear last longer But love is stronger, so I stay loyal to love with honor You got those who wanna take that for weak Be prepared, they'll test you in front of your peeps Some easy advice, buy your way out my life It's the principle, the pockets fat not flat Some borrow dough and relax on payin that back? C'mon cat "Don't you take" me for weak, give an inch they take feet Give 'em feet, they take the street My city's called Everybody Eats The operations don't skip a beat "Don't you take" my squad as chumps, punks or fakes Quick to dump, pop trunks on snakes That's of course, push came to shove Otherwise love is love so "Don't you take, my kindness for weakness" {*repeat 4X*} "Don't you take.." [Interlude] Ladies and gentlemen We have a special guest tonight in the house Talib Kweli [Talib Kweli] You'll never fit up in my shoes so don't try 'em on I always tear it up, I'm 'bout as calm as a quiet storm Legendary lyricist, nice guy persona My songs celebrate life and you can play 'em for your momma But don't make the mistake of tryin to play me Unless you a DJ, don't get it twisted I'm still from B.K. Wanna front? Better keep it in your mouth like Flavor Flav Where I'm from even a chick spit razor blades "Don't you take" me for a sucker or I'll take you back to school Fool can't play the wise but the wise can act a fool I stay cool and mild mannered and just put in my work Don't push you don't know what's up, under my shirt "Don't you take" me for soft, I got a heart that pump like a twelve gauge shotty when it start to dump Youse a mystery, cause you don't know who you runnin towards And got history, that shit is told by those who won the war [Outro] "Don't you take, my kindness for weakness" {*repeat 4X*} "Don't you take.." {*"Don't you take" scratched to fade over ad libs*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dilated Peoples f/ Talib Kweli Album: NBA Street Vol. 2 Soundtrack Song: Live On Stage (Remix) Typed by: Alwayz_Thuggin@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Brooklyn stand up, L.A. stand up Matter fact, the whole planet rock with us now! [Hook] {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! {*"Run up in your venue like what what what!"*} [Iris] Check it out y'all! [Evid] Check it out [Iris] You're now rockin' with the world's best {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! [Iris] And we do it for you [Evid] We do it for you [Talib] We do it for you {*"Live on stage!"*} [Iriscience] Aiyyo, basic mathematics - add shit, subtract shit Multiply, divide, break down shit to fractions Equality - Not greater than or less than Los Angeles, Brooklyn, connect to Manhattan Expansion Team - Movin' through lights, cameras and action Thoughts to ideas, designs to manufacturin' ??? to we blaze and make it happen On stage I quote the bible then blast like Sam Jackson {*"I jump on stage and change forms*} Rock it, don't bug out, kid, my team scores A lot of emcees out there with phony lives They master the studio but never master the ceremon' Check it live [Hook] {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! {*"Run up in your venue like what what what!"*} [Iris] Check it out y'all! [Evid] Check it out [Iris] You're now rockin' with the world's best {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! [Iris] And we do it for you [Evid] We do it for you [Talib] We do it for you {*"Live on stage!"*} [Evidence] You know we - break barriers, redefine the coast Classic hits like Ice Cube's "AmeriKKKa's Most" Dilated - extra extra, read the front page Catch us live on stage - like Roxanne Shante Straight out the cage - learn ya lesson Yo, studio sessions are not shows Learn ya lesson - in shows and studios This here breath controls all I got to lose But the architects respect it - live in House of Blues Flow for my peeps - thats true You know we take it live on stage And new levels for you Thirty bucks a ticket? No, that's breads and breaks So I'ma stay sharp and seperate the real from fakes You know.. [Hook] {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! {*"Run up in your venue like what what what!"*} [Iris] Check it out y'all! [Evid] Check it out [Iris] You're now rockin' with the world's best {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! [Iris] And we do it for you [Evid] We do it for you [Talib] We do it for you {*"Live on stage!"*} [Babu - scratching] {*"Now through cuts to Alchemist's instrumental*"} {*"Dilated live"} {*"B-believe it when you bleed it*} {*"Run up in your venue like what what what!"*} {*"Li-li-li-live on stage"*} {*"Talib Kweli*"} [Talib Kweli] I got the crowd in the palm of my hands It go like the dominant strands Squeeze as hard as I can Stormin' like that beach in Normandy So just droppin' the sand The way I'm rockin' the fans Like when you take a homeless man and you promise him land Understand I rock for Dilated The longer you wait, longer you get violated If words was notes, I say it the way Miles play it I know my styles hated - you can't get nowhere near it Instead of investin' in hate, you should invest in merit Look at yourself, you monstrosity of hypocrisy Tryin' to be the king of media, you the king of mediocrity Chop your flow, disposable, like heroes of the prophecy I got the evidence that me and Rock know how to flow properly C'mon man! [Hook] {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! {*"Run up in your venue like what what what!"*} [Iris] Check it out y'all! [Evid] Check it out [Iris] You're now rockin' with the world's best {*"Dazzlin - Dilated displayin' a new sound"*} [All] We all live on stage! [Iris] And we do it for you [Evid] We do it for you [Talib] We do it for you {*"Live on stage!"*} [Babu - scratching] {*"D-d-d-da-d-da-daz-dazzlin'"*} {*"D-d-di-di-d-di-dilated displayin' a new sound"*} {*"D-d-da-dazzlin'"*} {*"Di-d-d-di-di-dilated-dilated-dilated-di-displayin' a new sound"*} {*"D-da-dazzlin'"*} {*"D-d-dilated*} {*"D-di-d-dilated"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ Mos Def Album: HII Song: Travellin' Man Typed by: homeyg123@geocities.com [Intro] Yeah yo yo what time the plane leavin? Ahhh alright, I'll see you at the airport {*samples of "r-r-r-r-rock on"*} Memories don't live like people do They always remember you Whether things are good or bad, its just the memories Memories don't live like people do-o Baby don't forget me, I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time Gotta lotta things i got to do God willin' I'm comin back to you My baby boo I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time (space and tiiiime) Gotta lotta things i got to do But God willin' I'm comin back to you Baby boo I'm leavin [Verse 1] Well go 'head and leave The call heard 'round the world from the wives of MC's These cats is playin more than half a pound My garment bag I snatch it down Ain't got the state but we could prob'ly run a blacker town Scenarios like this is tear jerkers For the modern MC, i.e. the blue collar worker Cause this thing called rhymin' no different from coal minin' We both on assignment to unearth the diamond When you start climbin' And then I start shinin' You be strugglin' and strivin' And they think you prime-timin' Maintain and keep silent, make note, an observation This confrontation This is the daily operation My concentration Stay focused on my recitation 'Bout to reach my destination with no pause or hesitation Baby make the preparation cause this ain't no recreation This is Pro Ball! And we lettin you know y'all At the show y'all Doin' this for dough y'all Get the phone call And I'm ready to blow y'all 'Bout to go y'all Been a pleasure to know y'all And I'm lettin' you know that... Memories don't live like people do They always remember you Wether things are good or bad, its just the memories Memories don't live like people do-o Baby don't forget me, I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time Gotta lotta things i got to do G-d willin I'm comin back to you My baby boo I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time(space and tiiiime) Gotta lotta things i got to do But in time I'm comin back to you Baby boo I'm leavin [Verse 2] But God willin' I'll be back home To drop these heavy ass bags up off my backbone Around the world with a catalog of rap songs My baby girl is walkin, been away for that long But no you haven't well least that's how it seem to me My home town is like a whole different scenery The old timers on the stoop leaning leisurely The new jacks up in the bar smokin greenery Easily taken for granted when you up in it but its sweet scented When you been down for a minute Move around city limits Break it down with the vintage The innovative Classical B-Boy image Collect the winnings Cause that's the reason that we came here This thing is not a game here The fortune not the fame here From New York to the Cakalaks Cali in the Cadillacs Chicago know we innovate Infiltrate Virginia State DC make me stimulate Philly know we penetrate Georgia make us generate Let's set a date to get the papes They celebrate to my jams in foreign lands Even your mans in Japan know who I am Minasan, like everybody out in Nippon Say ichiban, may God have well where you're getting from Phenomenon, 'scuse me that's a phone call Its the show y'all Tryin' to get this dough y'all 'Bout to blow y'all Been a pleasure to know y'all And I'm lettin' you know that... Memories don't live like people do They always remember you Wether things are good or bad, its just the memories Memories don't live like people do-o Baby don't forget me, I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time Gotta lotta things i got to do But in time I'm comin back to you My baby boo I'm a travellin' man Movin through places, space and time(space and tiiiime) Gotta lotta things i got to do But G-d willin I'm comin back to you Back to you I'm leeaaavvvvinnn'! I'll be back to you I'm leeaaavvvvinnn'! I'll be back to you All over the world we go DC all over the world we go VA all over the world we go The ?Cakalaks? all over the world we go London all over the world we go Japan we go over the world we go Paris we go over the world we go {*beat playing in background and samples of "r-r-r-rock on"*} 1-2, 1-2...All aboard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ Mos Def Album: Travellin Man 12'' Song: Travellin Man Remix Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Mos Def] Here we go y'all Ge ge ge ge ge get down, and get down Ge ge ge ge ge get down, and get down and it's yours Ge ge ge ge ge get down, and get down and it's yours "Here we go, there it is" (Run-DMC sample) Memories don't live like people I have to pack up my bags and leave you When you're gone I am longing to see I'm a Travellin Man, movin through I'M LEAVING, on a jet, when you're gone I get so upset I'm a Travellin Man, movin through places Packed my bags, arranged my suitcases I got to tie up both my shoe laces Kiss my cheek and see me gone I'M LEAVING, but God willing I'll be back I'M LEAVING, headed on the fast track Aiyyo six in the morning, I'm up at dawn crackin Wash up my face and start my back packin Get my head together for the fantastic voyage On a fastbreak like the Georgetown Hoyas Kiss my baby bye, tell my honey don't cry Wipe the tear from her eye, say so long then I fly Then I'm off into limitless space wit swift pace Left a few G's at the place just in case Wit hace I get snappy, hit the corner hail a cabby Brooklyn expressway, on the JFK And wit no delay, so step on it dog-gonit These fly outta-staters got the paper and I want it The voice on percussion need no introduction The Mighty Mos Def on DJ Honda production My jam keep you buzzin, like cash and good lovin I'm stayin farm fresh, I ain't Mos Def for nuttin So if you're in the groove let me see you move something You're in the tri-state and you High Stakes hunting You wake up in the morn' sayin "must make something" Well I got something special to make, let's motivate Say memories don't live like people I have to pack up my bags and leave you When you're gone I am longing to see I'm a Travellin Man, movin through places I'M LEAVING, on a big jet I got to hurry up and keep up in step A Travellin Man, movin through places Packed my bags, arranged my suitcases I got to tie up both my shoelaces Kiss my cheeks and see me gone I'M LEAVING, but I won't be too long I'M LEAVING, and I'll be good while I'm gone I'M LEAVING *with variations* But I'll be back again, but I'll be back again I'm makin tracks again, step it up, my garmet bag on my back again "Here we go, there it is" Yo it's the first class mission wit first class provision The pray and hard work results is good livin Let's hear it for the gettin, let's get all that we can It's important and it's scorching so the fortune expand Crossin borders of land, along the sands of time I came to motivate the masses wit the standard of rhyme You're understandin that I'm (so fresh) They know it all across the planet that I'm (so fresh) Mos Def, takin both steps forward, these notes was recorded The area's applauded, I feel so rewarded By the grace of Allah, you can shine like a star The more you realize reality the better you are But now I'm swayze, three minutes and change, you know the game Gotta skate, plenty paper to make, here come the plane cuz Memories don't live like people, I have to pack up my bags and leave you When you're gone I am longing to see I'm a Travellin Man, movin through spaces I'M LEAVING, on a big jet, when I'm gone you get so upset I'm a Travellin Man, movin through places Packed my bags, arranged my suitcases I'm out to see some brand new faces Kiss my cheeks and see me gone I'M LEAVING, but I won't be too long I'M LEAVING, so dry your eyes while I'm gone I'M LEAVING *with variations* But I'll be back again (5x until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ Mos Def Album: Travellin' Man / For Real - Like I Do 12" Song: Travellin' Man (Remix) (Alternate Version) Typed by: homeyg123@geocities.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Yeah Yo, yo What time the plane leavin'? Alright I'll see you at the airport [DJ Honda] {*scratching*} "Rock on..." Hook 1: Mos Def I'm leaving On the next plane I don't know when I'll be back again Kiss me and smile for me Tell me that you'll wait for me Hold me Like you know I'll never go Even though you know I will Chorus 1: Mos Def I'm a travellin' man Movin' through places Space and time Got a lot of things I Got to do But God willin', I'm comin' Back to you My baby boo Repeat Chorus [Mos Def] I'm leaving (Verse 1) Well go 'head and leave The call heard around the world from the wives of emcees These cats is payin' more than half a pound, my garment bag, I snatch it down Ain't got the state, but we could prob'ly run a back a town Scenarios like this is tear jerkers For the modern emcee I.E. the blue collar worker Cause this thing called rhymin' no different from coal minin' We both on assignment to unearth the diamond When you start climbin' in them, I start shinin' You be strugglin' and strivin', and they think you prime-timin' Maintain and keep silent, make note An observation This confrontation This is the daily operation My concentration Stay focused on my recitation 'Bout to reach my destination with no pause or hesitation Baby make the preparation cause this ain't no recreation This is Pro Ball And we lettin' you know y'all At the show y'all Doin' this for dough, y'all Get the phone call And I'm ready to blow, y'all 'Bout to go, y'all Been a pleasure to know y'all (Y'all) And I'm lettin' you know Hook 2: Mos Def I'm leaving On a jet plane I don't know if I'll be back again Kiss me and smile for me Tell me that you'll wait for me Hold me Like you know I'll never go Even though you know I will Chorus 2: Mos Def I'm a travellin' man Movin' through places Space and time Got a lot of things I Got to do But in sure long, comin' Back to you Baby boo Repeat Chorus 2 [Mos Def] I'm leaving (Verse 2) But God willin' I'll be back home To drop these heavy ass bags up off my backbone Around the world with a catalog of rap songs My baby girl is walkin', been away for that long But no, you haven't, well, at least that's how it seem to me My home town is like a whole different scenery The old timers on the stoop, leaning leisurely The new jacks up in the bar, smokin' greenery Easily taken for granted when you up in it But it's sweet scented When you been down for a minute Move around city limits, breakin' down with the vintage The innovative Classical B-Boy image Collect the winnings Cause that's the reason that we came here This thing is not a game here, the fortune, not the fame here From New York to the Cakalaks Cali in the Cadillacs Chicago know we innovate Infiltrate Virginia State DC make me stimulate Philly know we penetrate Georgia make us generate, let's set a date to get the papes They celebrate to my jams in foreign lands Even your mans in Japan know who I am Minasan Like everybody out in Nippon Say "Ichiban" May God man well where you're getting from Phenomenon 'scuse me, that's a phone call It's a show, y'all Tryin' to get this dough, y'all 'Bout to blow, y'all Been a pleasure to know y'all And I'm lettin' you know Repeat Hook 2 Chorus 3: Mos Def I'm a travellin' man Movin' through places Space and time I got a lot of things I Got to do But in sure long, comin' Back to you Baby boo I'm a travellin' man Movin' through places Space and time Got a lot of things I Got to do But God willin', I'm comin' Back to you Back to you [Mos Def (DJ Honda scratching "Rock on" in background)] I'm Leavin' I'll be back, to you I'm leavin' I'll be back, to you Over the world we go DC, all over the world We go VA, all over the world We go The Cakalaks, all over the world We go London, all over the world We go Japan, we go over the world We go Paris, we go over the world We go Shake your money maker Shake your money maker Move your money maker Move your money maker Move your money maker [DJ Honda] {*scratching*} "One-two, one-two" {*beat stops*} [Mos Def] All aboard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Honda f/ Mos Def Album: 2000 * Song: Foundation Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com * currently avail. only as an import title The foundation of love, is tenderness The foundation of love, is sincerity The foundation of love, is tenderness The foundation of love Beautiful bright eyed girl Darling let me hold you close Shine just like the eastern star Wanna be near to where you are, baby Beautiful bright eyed girl Hear me sing my song to you, baby yeah Shine just like the eastern star I got so much love- I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it to you So freely So freely, baby The foundation of love, is tenderness The foundation of love, is sincerity How will you build this house, she asked And I said, carefully Intention is all of life Like clarity is all of sight Intention is all of life It ain't pure then it can't be right Where is your heart, she asked I told her, open your hands Open your hands, open your hands Beautiful bright eyed girl Darling let me hold you close Shine just like the eastern star Wanna be near to where you are, baby Beautiful bright eyed girl Hear me sing my song to you, oooo Shine just like the eastern star I got so much love- I wanna give it, give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it to you So freely, love you so completely, baby So freely, love you so completely, baby yeah Hear me The foundation of love, is tenderness The foundation of love, is sincerity Wanna build my house on solid ground To make it strong so that you'll stay around I wanna build my house on solid ground To make it strong so that you'll stay [stay around] That you'll stay, that you'll stay Beautiful bright eyed girl Let me hold you close to me, baby yeah Shine like eastern star Wanna be near to where you are, baby Beautiful bright eyed girl Hear me sing my song to you, baby yeah Shine just like the eastern star I got so much love- I wanna give it, give it, give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it, give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it [give] give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it, give it [give] give it to you I wanna give it, give it, give it to you I wanna give it, give it, give it to you I wanna give it, give it to you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Hurricane f/ Talib Kweli Album: Don't Sleep Song: Make Things Better Typed by: Scraps33@hotmail.com -Talib Kweli- Turn the lights down low and the speakers up high Feel the energy that we bringing inside Doin it right, ridin all night Payin the price, livin the lives  > women's voice Take it from me, in this business it ain't unusual to lose your soul So I zone and put the microphone on cruise control To let my hands be free I shape and mold the energy in the room like pottery Methodically in tune is probably how I be I walk with God most cats is children of a lesser On the face of earth they like swords that fester When they get a little light these snakes be acting all extra With congratulations that be mad fake like vester If it's a scam they the investor A lot of ??? like professor I make sure my words stay honorable like ??Rob Vinesta?? So true heads is glad I'm hear giving lyrics out the stratosphere Giving birth, my cipher stay pregnant with ideas, so push Ever since way back in Ethopia it's known as cush To the now how we roll through flatbush We civilized most people in my state is kill or die Still I rise real hip-hop is still alive [Chorus] X2 Most of these rap goons, they suck like vacuums I rhyme great they stuck on primate like baboons They steady coming lazier than Sunday afternoon Make me want to turn that shit off and cool out to jazz tunes But I'm back soon, resurrecting hip-hop is my dream So you can get the whole picture like a wide screen Sometimes the road is dark so I flash my high beams Nobody knows the troubles I've seen You see these weak in the knee emcees speaking to me Like they freakin the beat, seeking to be in my company When in actuality they leaves on the tree compared to me I'm basically the square root of what they reaching to be But you can't now can you, I pay my dues on the annual basis How to lace it I wrote a manual face it You small like granules and on that fake shit We keep it down to earth well y'all act like you on spaceships [Chorus] X4 A few extra > The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Krush f/ Mos Def Album: Milight Song: Shinjiro ? got the sound, you know the vibe baby And DJ Krush he get down, word up you know the vibe baby Yeah, and ? get down, word up you know the vibe bay But Mos Def keep the crown, representin Brooklyn, you know the vibe yo From all borders, doorways and gates Resurrection draws near, mankind awaits When you're livin in this world you got to survive Shaitan is lookin on alert, attackin from all sides Witness before all eyes, the evidence of unseen The power past the comprehension that controls all things The battle fought by good and evil is a real contest It is the outcome of the struggle that we play context To all sets sections cruddy clicks crews and clans Gilgreens to Badlands, jump up, to understand I'm just a man, not the univeral architect We tread the face of this heavenly place, and show respect Tokyo, raise your hands, where you at? Osaka, raise your hands, where you at? 	?*Mos Def says something in Japanese I don't understand*? DJ Krush Mos Def on the touch, we let it fly I send my, salaam to my, entire squad Meiso hard, wherever you are, stay on your job Strugglin hard, to overcome the perils of life We writin rhymes on enemy lines to shine light Stay in meditation to keep the head right Spreadin wings like heavenly things, we take flight Flight flight flight flight flight flight flight, ha ha Everything gon be alright (2X) And you got to believe (repeat 2X) Everything gon be alright (2X) I said you got to believe (2X) Yo bust it baby Me and Krush politickin buildin on this money mission ? somethin so I had to stop and listen It's time for ever tickin, my gift for-ever thinkin I'm tryin to get mine cause Son it's here for the gettin Allah's provision, will help us in the providential My pad and pencil, will transcribe the elemental The raw essential, the South bound resedential The pure and simple, to resonate in your mental I flash a dimple, my ? shine like precious metal Left the rah rah livin alone, about to settle Fast act tryin to go slow down, and save your petrol Cause the beat don't stop, like yellow cabs in the metro Rejoice your verse to Earth, as the verbs connects This is a daily operation like birth to death And I burst the breath, yep, as a so-called vet I've orchestrated designs while they slept, quiet as kept Everything that you heard in advance is just a glance of the landscape, furnish we ?crops? and props till sunsets and ?tree-dots, back jobs? of pure skill At night, I do right, to excite, what truth reveal Got to believe, that the Most High I see Every degree, of this three-see-ix-to-e We maintain Son and carry on officially From troubled projects to the shores of Tripoli I speak prolifically, I write reciprocally Transmit upliftedly, it sounds terrific G Allah has gifted me, with great ability To speak to my beloved, and make em all love it Refined rugged, a product of the ghetto public Allah is the King of the world, we just subjects (2X) Allah is the King, Allah is the King and you know Everything's gon be alight (2X) And you got to believe (repeat 2X) You know the vibe baby Everything's gon be alright (2X) (repeat 2X) Yo bust it baby 	*Mos Def shouts out a lot of people I don't know and couldn't spell* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Spinna f/ Apani B-Fly Emcee, Talib Kweli Album: Heavy Beats Vol. 1 Song: Time Zone Typed by: soulsercha82@hotmail.com [Apani] Time zone travellin, unravelin The secrets of mysteries that follow humans for centuries Theories appear crisp and clear to me as air Magically through meditative focus, mechanically I'm there The dreams stay in connection, then awake To the main theme in a carefully constructed scene Which began with a bright beam of light Become a satellite seen as a flash in the sky Through the eyes of a writer, who shall remain anonymous Lust for higher learnin, surgin, burnin, yearnin Inspired by spirits of great grand descendants Get rich off the dark skin signin over freedom on documents Marked with X's, illiterate, stiffed up languages Slave masters metaphorically ripped out they larynxes Yet they beat drums and sang songs Now I keep it movin along in the same form and context Since the torch has been cast to the next generation My main motivation is to be a cipher nation 360 degrees all around, above, and below Is the planet where I hold jurisdiction, yo Kweli I know you fed with this whole situation I know you reflect on revolution Can only be one conclusion, one action conduces Changes - some civilizations have been in war for scores Blood shed on history pages and in the end What side wins? Old has been replaced by the new When all is said and done, stand out amongst the few As examples of what one can do It's a true story, cried at the end when Denzel died in Glory Knock on wood when I'm gon' be, launch me into the galaxy I'll be a solitary star in the constellation Transferrin information into the minds of young prodigies lookin up Wishin all my energy until the day they become Entities parallel to me, the universe's Cycle of Destiny What exists is more than we see, more than we see... Forget the years you been alive, we livin in the same age Tell me where your mind is at, we livin in the same age Tell me what's on your mind, we livin in the same age [x3] [Kweli, vaguely] yo, yo, outrageous, courageous, advantageous.. [Kweli] Once again on mission, driven by ill thoughts that we envision Got a lotta ambition, now we got a pot to piss in Cats seem to be quick to whip they shit out, and they missin While I aim straight, it's a new era, you feel the transition? Man listen, you know the libras, how they just balance it out Through the ages, droppin wisdom like sages While the whole world go through phases Peep how the rhyme is vintage like a wine Gets better with age and time Niggas think they free - who need to change When you can enslave the mind? like true conquerors They call the explorers brave Say they collectin when I say they rob graves It's complex, you know what, I be ? Apani Do this ego trippin, like De La, on Nikki Giovanni So I try to put that behind me but it got me In an ill position like the Kama Sutra The past kicks my ass back to the future, it reminds me Not the losers, but the winners tell the story Ignore the truth, take out the gory details and get the glory My grandfather died when I was a shorty He fought for our country It couldn't be his 'cause to this day, they still don't want me My great grandmother put arsenic in the master's tea After she came from hearin a speech by Marcus Garvey Not separate or equal, so fuck Ferguson and Plessy Folks of slaves, bringin it like Nat Turner and Denmark Vesey The Age of the Industry, the plantation system was dead Let em work, they can make enough to eat And keep a roof over they head You still a mothafuckin slave ! Doesn't matter if you near-white or little light Or blacker than a thousand midnights We right in the new age with new slaves, we need to bless the stage 'Cause the audience' brains affected by devils like cage Call us brave, but the system got our peoples actin depraved Forget the years you been alive, we livin in the same age Yo tell me where ya mind is at, we livin in the same age Take that wit'chu to your grave, grow up before you show up [x3] [Apani] Time is relative, we livin in the same age Open up your third eye, we livin in the same age The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ Hi-C, Shyheim Da Kid, Talib Kweli Album: Under Tha Influence Song: Tha Proem Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "The following presentation is rated R." [Hi-C] {*vocals being scratched*} Uhh! God damn! Yeah! [Hi-C] This my nigga DJ motherfuckin Quik We gon' take this shit back to the Mixmaster days and put it all in your jawmeat and wiggle it around a little bit, hahaha YouknowhatI'msayin? Party favors nigga Ahh yeah, y'all need a couple of 'em We ain't playin witcho' bitch-ass either YouknowhatI'msayin? Niggaz try to walk the walk, talk the talk But that bullshit ain't nothin man {*scratches*} I said that bullshit ain't nothin man! {*scratches: "aw, niggaz, niggaz.."*} Niggaz can't do what we do {"NO"} {*"Bullshit ain't nothin man!"*} Damn; so what you need to do.. is.. {"stop stop stop stop STOP!"} .. shut the fuck up and listen for a minute {"Listen!"} Pay attention - might learn somethin {"Now LISTEN!"} Don't you carry yo' ass in the studio fuckin wit dem boys neither or they put knots all UPSIDE ya motherfuckin head with the beats! That's my nigga Q.. I call him.. {"Quik, Quik-Quik, Q-Quik, Quik-Quik"} Quik-a-lodeon {"Too Quik!"} Yeah.. huh? Yeah.. {"Quik-Quik-Quik-Quik-Quik-Quik-Quik"} Talk.. {"Motherfuckin Quik"} spit it Yeah.. ooh! Haha, yeah Now off of two-fifths of drank (drank drank) They got yo' boy lookin for a bitch to spank (spank spank) Baby you can kick it but ya sister cain't (nah nah) Runnin 'round smellin like a septic tank (ewwwahh) Girl you need to stop you know your ass is stank (stank stank) Runnin 'round beggin all the baller for bank (bank bank) Tryin to hit a lick but like that you cain't (nah nah) Cause everytime your ass come around I faint (wooo!) People get to passin out; I'ma give you one more chance but yo' ass is out Now don't you bring yo' ass back smellin like raw trout (trout) Cause everytime I see you I'ma bust you out! (Here she come, look out!) And you niggaz with the demos (demos) Man you just as bad as dem hoes (hoes) Talkin bout your record comin out (out out) But you need to put some gum in your mouth (hell yes) Cause before I hear you rhyme or you get a beat from Quik [Shyheim Da Kid] Yo yo this Shyheim, and y'all can suck my DICK! Son you owe me, fuck the dough I want it in blood You was my homey, showed me nuttin but thug love Put me on to the game, bought me my first chain Let me ride shotgun, in your Benz and Range I'm thinkin how this big nigga gon', go against the grain Hit him up when it's foggy outside, about to rain It's about to rain teflon cop-killers But we ride teflon can't-stop-killers I thought you was fam 'til you switched the love Now you, rich and fuck, you forget the thug? Heard you on the radio, but I ain't get no plug And if you come around the way, I should get you stuck I wish you luck, I'ma make you kiss the gun And I ain't gon' stop until my justice done What you wanna be labelled as, a coward or a duck? What powder you cut, you wanted that building for what? When you rep that building, what you said for that building If it wasn't for me, you woulda been DEAD in that building You don't know what it feel like to say I own that building Get dough in that building, or control that building You don't know that feeling, you ain't condone that killing Cause when the cops came, you was like, "Shy in that building" I remember the days when you was shook in them buildings You in front of these buildings, frontin like you build them When Scrams was home, you was on his dick And you gave that bitch money cause you always been a trick You know Shy Da Kid, I'm back on the block Bought the crack in the spot, spit back in the block Fuckin clap at the cops, if I'm rappin or not Whatchu gon' do nigga? Shoot or get shot I'm hot on the block like new glocks out the box All y'all fulla dope, at the bow(?) .. what? [Talib Kweli] Yeah yeah.. yo Kweli, I'm rock this body and so forth and so on You can get the dick, one to grow on or one to blow on Bet you Quik get his dough on, I spit kick the flow on Got swift shit I throw on, cause I'ma leave what I float on Plus I get my roll on like Baby and Mannie Fresh After I go on y'all niggaz'll never bust like tantric sex The universal nigga that represent the planet best How I manifest from Brooklyn to Los Angeles - people! We hold this down like wherever you're from Got my name all in your mouth like you pierced your tongue Pimped the game so hard we leave them whores numb The more I come, Kweli, I'm bout to blow like George Young I'm the Don Cheadle of rap, dope like arms and needles of crack My lyrics attack and arm the people like gats In Cali studios we rest the heat up on the console Peep Hollywood niggaz who think it's sweet like Comanco Claimin they gangster and street like they lookin for beef But with a gun in they teeth they just MC's lookin for beats Y'all don't want trouble, we pop bubbles and flex muscle Niggaz don't respect the lyrics, they respect your hustle The industry is like Kinko's, makin copies while you wait And the people always scream for NEW SHIT, like Clue tapes Y'all speed this in your face, slow down like Screw tape Cause as long as you rockin with Quik, nigga you straight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash, Kanye West Album: Pride N Joy (S) Song: Pride N Joy Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash] And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! [Verse One: Fat Joe] (Kanye West) (Well then she's still my pride and joy!) Courtside at the Knick game who the don?! Plus I worked on your kick game Louboutin Bercon bags made of python She a beautiful nightmare (Turn the lights on!) So I can see that ass Word to Martin Louis the King (She free at last) (Word to my nigga Joe Crack you let her hold some stacks) Yeah before we go to the club she wanted golden sacks I let her get the gold card I'm a hold the black (I let her get the black card I couldn't hold it back) 'Cause back in the backyard she used to hold the crack So I cut them other hoes off like the coldesac Uh! Now how cold is that [Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I ain't never fucked another like this, I need, some more You 'gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy What's goin on with me and you, is real, for sure But you' gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy Before you steal my pride and......joy! [Verse Two: Fat Joe] (Kanye West) I hate that I have to, share with another yo But she love women and she keeps it undercover yo And I love women so she brings 'em under covers yo Fight then we fuck again I swear I really love her though (Well it's still my pride and joy! joy! joy!) +Don't Wanna Be A Player+ I could find another Joe Just to prove I love her I use rubbers on my other hoes And if she ever find out it be another blow And that only mean that I'm a have to hit another sto' (My pride and joy!) Spend another knot, hit another lot That's how you know if you in love or not Bought her moms a whip on mother's day Now I gotta get her the same whip her mother got Pass the Nuvo Mach! [Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I ain't never fucked another like this, I need, some more You 'gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy What's goin on with me and you, is real, for sure But you' gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy Before you steal my pride and......joy! [Outro: Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash] And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Mos Def Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song:	Mos Def Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Mos Def] Ha ha, said the world world world famous Said wa wa wa wa world world world famous Said wa wa wa wa world world world famous Said the world premier, who's standin here I'll let you know Flow so diligently (Mos Def) I make it sound so differently (Mos Def) Me and Sean J. both willing to be considerably Shine like a good feeling to me To all my people all originally all from Brooklyn shows Give the party people what they lookin for And it's lookin mo' bright, my game mo' tight Said it's alright, alright, I said this all night Rockin all night, all night, we rockin all night All my people in Brooklyn, show yo' resprect All my people in QB, show yo' respect Flex mix this, Mos kick this, now you gon' get this Handlin the business >From here on to the city limits Them other cats sounded unfinished But let me jump in it, I rump wit it, I thump in it I got the Sean J. jump in it Accompanied by what be fly, speakin candidly, me and my family Is doin very outstandidly, it ain't nuttin but a jam to me It's just my man and me And that's the F-U-N-K-M-A-S-T-E-R Flexin it, respectin it, make the honey dolls get affectionate I'm in your section wit de womp de womp de womp de de womp womp World, world world famous, we ain't nameless Yo you know this jam it be bumpin in the foreign lands And all your mans be like "yo, damn!" Tap yo' hands and raise yo' hands up high The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ Mos Def, Bobby Womack Album: Plastic Beach Song: Stylo Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Love, electricity, shockwave central Pummel on the motherboard, yes! Push up, overload, legendary heavy glow Sunshine, thunder roll, keep this on Yes, the lantern burn, burn that easy And broadcast, so raw and neatly Thunder roll, sunshine, work it out... (*Echoes*) [Chorus: 2-D] Overload, overload, overload Comin' up to the-- Overload, overload, overload Comin' up to the-- Overload, overload, overload Comin' up to the-- Overload, overload, overload Comin' up to the-- [2-D] Oh stylo Go forth, blossom in your soul When you know your heart is light Electric is the love When the mako flies.. up from the bottom in your eyes Then I know the twilight skies.. are not so broken hearted.. [Bobby Womack] If it's love is electric It'll be flowing on the streets Night after night..just to get through the week Sometimes it's hard...right now [2-D] Sing yourself out of depression, rise above Always searching if I know your heart Electric is the love.. [Bobby Womack] [Chorus repeats] There's only one way Let it pray a little while longer It's got a way of passing through man and woman In another world, in another world, in the universe Right now, here's what we got to do [Chorus repeats while Bobby Womack continues singing] If its love is electric It'll be flowing on the streets Night after night..just to get through the week Sometimes it's hard... That's what I'm talking about [Mos Def] Love, electricity, shockwave central Pummel on the motherboard, yes! Push up, overload, legendary heavy glow Sunshine, thunder roll, keep this on Yes the lantern burn, burn that easy And broadcast, so raw and neatly Thunder roll, sunshine, work it out...(*Echoes) [Bobby Womack] Right now! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ Mos Def Album: Plastic Beach Song: Sweepstakes Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Mos Def] Pay day, you're a winner... Pay day, you're a winner Keep cool form a line Scared money, broke money Bow money mo' money So sunny, cloud breaker Sound make a wave run-up Wild motherfunky drummer You can get it how you wanna There's math and there's dealers then players then me They say that they're winners, okay, well, let's see You play there you play The rules of the trade The math of the days The times and the age But you want how you like Aim high, man, why not? Sun, moon, and starry y'alls Each and all of y'alls Mathematics and dealers then players then me They say that they're winners, okay, well, let's see... Sweepstakes! Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! Sweepstakes! You're a winner [Mos Def] Pay day, you're a winner Keep cool form a line Scared money, broke money Bow money more money So sunny, cloud breaker Sound maker, wave run-up Why wonder? Funky drummer You can get it how you wanna "Who's the winner," said the dealer Every player "Yeah, me!" So you say, "We will see" Player play, hey, ok Whatcha want? How you like? Aim high, why not? Sun, moon, and starry y'alls Each and every all of y'alls Who's the winner? Yeah, me So you say, "We will see" Cloud breaker danger beats! Ha! Okay, let's eat! Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner [Mos Def] Pay day, you're a winner Keep cool form a line Scared money, broke money Bow money mo' money So sunny, cloud breaker Sound maker, wave run-up Why wonder? Fuck someone You can get it how you wanna There's math and there's dealers then players and killers and me They say that they're winners Okay, well, let's see You play, you play The rules of the trade The math of the days The times and the age But you want how you like Aim high, man, why not? Sun, moon, and starry y'alls Each and every all of y'alls There's math and there's dealers and players then me They say that they're winners Okay, well, let's see! Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner [Mos Def] Pay day, you're a winner Keep cool form a line Scared money, broke money Bow money mo' money So sunny cloud breaker Sound maker wave run-up Why wonder? Funky drummer You can get it how you wanna "Who's the winner," said the dealer Every player "Yeah, me!" So you say "We will see" Player play! Hey ok Whatcha want? how ya like? Aim high, why not? Sun, moon, and starry y'alls Each and every all of y'alls Who's the winner? Yeah me So you say "We will see" Cloud breaker danger beats! Fresh plates! Let's eat! Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner Sweepstakes! You're a winner [Mos Def] HA!! OW!! ...Keep cool form a line Scared money, broke money Bow money mo' money So sunny, cloud breaker Sound make a wave run-up Wild motherfucky jammin' You can get it how you wanna There's math and there's dealers then players then me They say that they're winners Okay, well, let's see You play, you play The rules of the trade The math of the days The times and the age But you want how you like Aim high, man, why not? Sun, moon, starry y'alls Each and all of y'alls There's math and there's dealers and players and me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Guru f/ Jean Grae, Talib Kweli Album:	Version 7.0 The Street Scriptures Song:	Power, Money and Influence Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Chorus: repeat 2X] Power, money and influence I had a taste of it, now I'm all into it The game ain't over 'till I get my share 'till I have my run, this here is my year [Jean Grae] Man, I'm a tycon, whether in person or slick right on Crisp Nikes on, six niggaz with sick pythons Right around your area, face close like a scared straight playin your host, you get bitched out This ain't fluffin a rang, this clip ain't bang You sittin lame duck, shittin on the names stuck I vow this year, power's mine If I gotta sketch up my name, empowering rhymes If I gotta attend jail just to boost up the sales I know a laber owner that I'd love to bruise up for bail I know my family got it, they pull together but it's amniotic I mean baby like askin for a name spot it The talent, the influental and erotic Put on the back burner but potential as a parent Every track is a murder but could treat it like lobonic The play that graze here, now MC's in a daze mind [Guru] In one second flat I tear your whole frame Plus we pack like a stadium does, at a pro game Got so many ways to end yo glory Rub you out, shut you down, then it's end of story I'm like Robert Horry with a clutch three You can't touch me, the black double oh-seven, nigga trust me Modern day Ali when it comes to the rhyme Know how to hold the fort down when they comin for mine I'm crafty, I move swift and changeable Plus I'm aware, of what jealousy and anger do You can't help yourself then you can't help me Can't smell what the truth is then you can't smell me You can tell a million stories about how gully you are Then as soon as you finish, I'm be pullin your card I step so courageously, I rap so amazingly I guess you could say, that niggaz slept on me basically [Chorus] 2X [Talib Kweli] Jean Grae, Kweli, Guru, for the first time Let the games begin like Jaceson Taylor wrote his first rhyme Technology make niggaz lazy, with the pro tools Even you could write your verse in the booth like you were Jay-Z A Hollywood between reality tv and rap Is there ain't no more use for the classically trained actor First light bulb ever made is still burnin They sell the ones that burn out to take the money you earnin Word that marijuana grow too natural to be a cash crop we have cops at bars, smokin squares, throwin back shots They walk the street and bring the heat to the apshalts Servin, protectin the half, beatin on the half not Niggaz talk greasy in the magazines 'Till they track down and you hear the sounds of loaded magazines Havin dreams 'till they ribs got a gat in between Passion for cream, make a nigga wanna splatter your spleen That shit is mean [Chorus] 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The High and Mighty f/ Mos Def, Mad Skillz Album: Home Field Advantage * Song: B-Boy Document 99 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also appears as a part of the mix on 'Soundbombing 2' [Mad Skillz] (Mr. Eon) Yeah.. uhh.. What it look like? Mad Skillz Uhh.. Mr. Eon (The Mighty Mos Def) The Mighty Mos (the E.C. Rawkus connection) Coast to coast (from '88 to '99) What? .. What? What? What? [Mos Def] It's on fire tonight Everything on my side is lookin alright It's high power original, b-boy traditional Raw bass material, huh, when individual true brand imperial you're hearin on your stereo Transcribe the live, the Mos, Def init-ial Sit BACK, and listen, you ain't, in no position to deal with my condition-al mentally and physical Strength is indivisible, crews be comin pitiful Speech be sound typical, downfall habitual Ock, I'm not FEELIN YOU; don't know what your label tellin you -- or what magic beans they sellin you I can flow, you can't though, example of a cat who just a modern day Sambo (yeah) Who be bitchin out to A&R demands so you can collect your little petty cash advance HOE You knock-kneed and sloppy, but not me I'm I-N-D, E-P-E, N-D-E-N-T Chorus: Mos Def (*singing*) It was a jam at the center, and the party was shakin and the poppers was poppin, and the breakers was breakin And it won't be long til everybody know that b-boys rock the document! (document) [Mad Skillz] Yo, yo, you on the injured, I'm hot to death I'm foul, plus I'm winnin, you think I shot the ref? Rock a vest if you out of turn speakin Cause I'm right there like nightmares; I catch MC's while they sleepin I'm back -- these rap cats is wildin Got em in the studio poppin valiums, remasterin they album I'm about to re-up and restructure the case You stuck, you about to get rearranged and replaced I got plans for this rap game (uh-huh) Put your head in the toilet and look son, if you think my shit done changed My shit is, out of your range, rip you out of your frame Cop your tape, and the next day, copped an exchange If you ain't, rockin raw, what you rockin for?? Without heat, y'all MC's, ain't hot no more So for you lame cats tryin to put your hit out try rockin back and forth -- it might be easier to get your shit out! Chorus [Mr. Eon] I'm Jedi Master, Mase Windu, what you been through Keep MC's heads wrapped like Erykah Ba-du Hip-Hop's Cleon Jones, when Eon Jones Wackest MC's, we pee on those No need to impede The High and Mighty mystique That shit would be as ignorant as Jimmy the Greek Claimin they Godzilla's when they really Godzooki Got a mill' from Charlie Brown, when I kidnapped Snoopy Eon, sale or performance, in any ordinance Rhyme menace, that burst your verbal nuisance in accordance, with all the laws from the cordless Starbuck coming through, leavin any pimp whoreless Stereo stompin -- defeatin me is like Latrell chokin up John Thompson, Charles Bronson had a Death Wish for this next to left shit Leavin all these hot air MC's breathless Chorus [Mos Def] I said b-boys rock the document (..ument ..ument *echoes*) * DJ scratches "b-boy, document" * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hell Razah f/ MF Doom, Talib Kweli Album: Renaissance Child Song: Project Jazz Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Hell Razah] Renaissance... Razah Rubies... Let's go, tell 'em [Hell Razah] I was born in the era of kings, of heroin dreams Now it be a Maccabee, spreading my wings (spread 'em) I ain't trippin' off material bling I analyze off of Billie Holiday, the queen What was Marvin Gaye thinking when he wrote that theme A Trouble Man, why his pops had a gun his hand, damn Hip hop go to way back then Diddy used to sing doo-wop with two of his friends I seen an oo-wop when I was like ten, excited by sin I got my first gold front from Ben Eighty-nine, I was into Rakim, for dropping gems Most niggas learned a lot from him Grandma used to cook with sounds of Sam Cooke Mid-60's, my moms then moved to Red Hook Same hood Al Capone was put, and got his rep as a crook In them criminal books, we don't look A crack hit I could never forget In '92 Mr. Daily was hit by gun clips You had to pump if you wanted some kicks The best product on the block, it was quicker to flip We had whips, but it wasn't legit I reminisce, Calvin Klein, he was running the shit '76 came a heavenly prince, with one gift To uplift, by the name Charon Smith [Interlude: Hell Razah] Dedicated to Miss Caroline Smith Special love and respect To real true pioneers (yeah), people like Ray Charles (we in here) Barry White, let's get back into the hall of fame, come on [Talib Kweli] Yo, yo, it's like we all just beef and the strengths Son is blind like a boxer that bleed in the ring From a cut opened up above his right eye Body all black and blue, like the Brooklyn nice guy, uh Bobbing and weaving, and dodging the propaganda My raps take it back like shopping at Alexander's My momma had the fly afro, my father cooked for a week and left all us with the casarole We didn't have much, but with a little bit of love Made due with the little bit we had, yo We in a new millennium, Granny still singing Hem Slow Jim Crow's still keep the blacks po' Look we blessed with the power to move people with music It's the natural resources, and we use it to broadcast and transmit live from hell What don't kill you, make you stronger, I'm allowed to tell [Interlude: Hell Razah] Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, man Yo, yo, make sure you write it on the wall Make sure it say, Renaissance Child Talib Kweli, MF Doom, written for the babies Let's go [MF Doom] Vik slick talk, with a cough full of North Of course New York floss, don't know and blew pork Before you walk across, look both ways The third and the fourth of them nowaday old phase Kept a dog on a wooden leg and hustled all night in the fog on the red Even dressed like a bum and could beg Instead use the other on the strength, what a good head Been bred to win, since headspins, ooh them gems Spread too thin, depends on who's losing Heads do spin, it's deaded, now who's in? Revenge all here, enough combined slang to bang all year It's on, like it ain't never been on cordless before Report for lawless, ports is off shore With horses, hanging the tablets, mating with rappers Habits til they hate 'em and had it, damn it And it's gone with the wind, dead wrong A song, with a spin and a grin Out of style, with the blow out for mild mannered smile Like a foul wild Spaniard on the soul out Vaughn, the one you trick-a-don Why stick it, if you gotta slip a snicker on, Viktor Vaughn [Outro: Hell Razah] Yeah, to all the Cadillac riders, and it's on As it was in the beginning, so shall it be in the end All the fathers with the godfathers, hip hop lives forever and ever And ever... this is something you gon' be able to pass down to your babies From generation to generation, that's right, aight? One love... and we out of here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Ayak, Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: Can We Go Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hi-Tek] Ah-hah, yeah uhh Tek-Zilla, Zilla, that's me baby I know you done heard it all before but uhh Uhh I wanna take you back to the good ol' days Good homecooked food, good ol' steak Long walks in the park, we would talk forever Me and you together was the golden era Never thought you'd be my ex-dame, Jones on the phone Used to give you long pet names, now I feel alone Got me zonin off track, lookin at your pics Feelin like Big, "I want that ol' thing back!" [Chorus: Ayak] Can we go back to that {*2X*} Can we go back, I wanna go back {*2X*} Ba-bayyyy... Can we go back to that {*2X*} Can we go back, I wanna go back {*2X*} Ba-bayyyy... [Ayak - singing] Holdin hands, in the park Doin all, the things that lovers do Is how I remember you You showered me, with kisses sweet You made me feel, like I was your queen Feel safe in your arms just where I wanna be So wrapped and so in love We would talk, makin plans sittin on {?} stumps Long gone are those days But I say, can we... [Chorus] with ad libs [Talib Kweli] Why not, let's do it You keep it fresh like the 'dro in a sack, you rollin and blowin it back You growin I'm knowin the game is whack but I know what I lack Niggaz used to love H.E.R. but now she just a hoe on the track She's strippin up though out of stack, I wanna blow out her back Shame we lowered the rap bars, replaced with this whack I'm sharp like the slasher that stab ya, hittin ya face with the dagger Still I be faced with the task of shakin they ass She gotta bubble like she, takin a bath, we takin it back, yeah [Ayak - singing] Lookin back, at what we had How did it end, it's such a shame baby Cause you were my all end everything In my mind, you were fly But over time, how is it we change No matter what I wish it won't be the same Can't rewind to times we were in love Never thought we'd end up breakin up Long gone are those days So whaddya say... [Chorus] with ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ DCQ, Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology Song: Get Back Pt. II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Clear the area, stand back, nothin to see here Keep it movin (I need the area clear) Get back, stand back, back Get back (we gon' have to clear all this stuff) Get back, back, get back [DCQ] With Reflection Eternal That's the name don't forget it, Talib Kweli, DJ, Hi-Tek Brooklyn! New York City Cin-ci-natti! Keep on [Talib Kweli] It's a funky sen-sa-tion ain't it? I'm havin a conversation wit'cho imagination It was explainin how you was waitin, for somethin amazin Like when it come out you out the door racin to the store (*zoom*) It took a lot of perse-verance and patience We was preparin for our place among the ancients Yo basically yo' take on me ain't makin me or breakin me and yo I hate to see a fake MC I take out all my competition from like A to Z Cause I get fly more frequently than a travel agency That's what I'm made to be, hip-hop through my artery An important part of me the soundtrack to my oddysey It got me, rockin retardedly Pardon me for speakin incorrect politically Anything less would be me speakin hypocritically, and I don't do dat You lingerie MC's I see through that I make a point about you and your crew, go "Tru dat" Who dat? It's the Reflection Remember the name, slid in the game before the "2000 Season" came Breakin the chain, usin the pain as our ammunition to blast Babylonian towers out of position It's the Reflection and we poppin like your ears on a plane We make you disappear like tears in the rain The fears in your brain is clear when I appear on the terrain and bloody your nose I got more lines than co-CAINE that's why you sniffin around We diggin for different sounds to keep it hittin Straight up the only way we gettin down with the sound is provacative It's for the love and cause of that we got a lot to give It's for the love and cause of that we got a lot to give You got a issue with that then it ain't my problem kid Y'all niggaz gotta eat, we gotta live, yo We all gotta eat and gotta live, yo (yo) yo (yo) yo [DCQ] With Reflection Eternal That's the name don't forget it, Talib Kweli, DJ, Hi-Ti-dek Brooklyn! New York City Cin-ci-natti! Keep on [Talib Kweli] We remain, hotter than the blue part of the flame I got a glock in my brain that baffle weapons inspections like Saddam Hussein and rocks with the impact Gettin beat with socks filled with ten-packs of tokens Men's backs get broken when I get open Words more than spoken Most of dem MC's on the first thing smokin Leavin town at the same time causin traffic on the interstate We stay droppin classics cause the key word is innovate These cats is so plastic that we call 'em laminated Tried to duplicate the style quickly got frustrated More desperate than dudes who search people's ashtrays for clips I burn MC's like Coca-Cola through the paint on your whip Shit! My rhymes is like a magnifyin glass When I shine my light through it, I burn up everything in my path Last Dragon like Lee-roy (sho' nuff) rock for the b-boy My rhymes are so sharp you catch cuts that key-loid(?) Destroyed the decoy, most of y'all d-boy, my culture It's not that I hate, y'all just p-noid cause y'all fake Embarassed and ashamed and don't know where to put the blame And never hesitate to call out my name! I ain't effected by the negative It's the Reflection and we dealin with the positive It's for the love and cause of that we got a lot to give It's the Reflection kid Never gotta look between the lines to get the messages You're too sensitive, checkin out our references The turntable and microphone specialist It's the Reflection kid, it's the Reflection kid It's the Reflection kid, like that like that [DCQ] Talib Kweli (Talib Kweli) DJ Hi-Tek (DJ Hi-Tek) Break it down, for you and yours (y'all know what time it is) You fuckin with Kweli, you fuckin with Brooklyn (Tired of hearin all this) don't wanna hear none of that (is is my fam really nice..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Mos Def, Vinia Mojica Album: Hi-Teknology Song: Get Ta Steppin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mos + Vinia] All across the world, b-boys and girls Movin and groovin to the soul shockin beat All across the world, b-boys and girls Movin and.. [Mos] I like the way you move.. (altogether) [Mos] I like the way you move.. (period) [Mos + Vinia] Ba-bay.. I just wanna dance wit you C'mon, c'mon.. I just wanna dance wit you C'mon, c'mon.. I just wanna hold you close C'mon, c'mon.. take you in my arms C'mon, c'mon.. and let me rock you to the beat Rockin it, shockin it, yes we are - sounds so sweet and mellow Movin and groovin and yes we are - I wanna rock you to the beat [Vin] Drums of dance [Mos] Drums of life, we rockin it [Mos + Vinia] Feel the bass inside your waist Drums of dance, we rockin it Ah feel the bass inside your soul Rockin it, shockin it, yes we are Front to front and belly to belly (c'mon) Me and you got to dance together (let's dance) Front to front and belly to belly (c'mon) Me and you must dance together (let's dance, me and you) Step front front back side to side It's two step front front back side to side Two step front front back side to side Step side to side, step side to side Two step open up back side to side Two step open up back side to side Two step open up back side to side Back side to side (step it) Ohhhhhh! Darlin.. I just like to groove wit you C'mon, c'mon.. I like it when you whisper in my ear Nobody nobody nobody nobody but you You're makin me keep time - one, two, three, four Darlin you look so fine You do, you do.. smellin like Tunisian myrrh Ooooh, ahh.. you're makin me feel high! So high (high) so high (high) so high, so high I just got to groove wit you C'mon, c'mon.. I just got to dance wit you, baby C'mon, c'mon [Mos Def] But you ain't got to say a thang I already know how you came [Mos + Vinia] Cause I just gots to dance wit you (uh-huh) Baby you just got to dance wit me (hey) [Mos Def] But you ain't got to one thang (why?) I know why you ca-aaame! [Mos + Vinia] Baby I just got to dance wit you-uu (uh-huh) Baby you just got to dance wit me-ehh (that's right) The two step front front back side to side It's two step front front back side to side It's two step front front back side to side Step side to side, step side to side Two step open up back side to side Two step open up back side to side Two step open up back side to side Back side to side, then slide [Mos Def] Ooooh baby, look at the way you groove (uhh) Got to like the way you move (uh-huh, uh-huh) Look at the way you are (woo!) Shinin like a brilliant star (uh-huh, uh-huh) Look at the way you move (uhh) Got to like the way you groove (uh-huh, uh-huh) Look at the way you are (woo!) Shinin like a brilliant star (ha) Shinin like a brilliant star (whoa!) Shinin like a brilliant star!!! (woo!!) Ohhhhhhhh-ohhhhhhhhh-ohhhhhhhhhh (wee!!) Ohhhhhh my God, babyyy [Vinia + Mos] You're doin it for me tonight, I swear - put that on my life You're doin it for me tonight, I swear - I put that on my life You're doin it for me tonight, I swear - I put that on my life You're doin it for me tonight, the way you are the way you look the way you smell the way you walk - you're doin it for me tonight.. {*music fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Slim Thug, Snoop Dogg, Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: How We Do It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "Are you ready ladies?  All right let's hear your tone on bridge, sing!" {*women harmonizing*} [Talib Kweli] Crossin the bridge.. Brooklyn invented gully, gold fronts, low hoodies Young girls develop fully, run up on you snatch your goodies When we say run it that's a stick-up nigga, give it up! We live it up, fuck with the flyest say we never switch it up We get it crunk in Brooklyn the biggest borough Whether you enter the Radcliffs Boys & Girls, Tek or Murrow{?}, niggaz is thorough Jamaicans and Haitians, Dominicans, Puerto Ricans Sorta speakin a mix of English imported from all the regions Yo Hi-Tek, tell them how they do in Cincinnati Tell the people how they do in Cincinnati Yo, how do they do it in the 'Natti? Tell my people how they do it in the 'Natti [Chorus: Talib Kweli] They say the West coast (brought the funk) East coast (started it) Dirty South (got it crunk) The Midwest, the heart of it [Hi-Tek] + (Slim Thug) Hi-Tek, y'all already known what it is Cincinnati where them pigs quick to chase you off a bridge Drivin down Lanterns, pit niggaz in ghetto holes It's the home of Marty Shot', Larry Flint, and Devil Rowes This ghetto shit I drive past it every day I'm quick to throw them 26's on the classic Chevrolet Yeah, definitely the wrong niggaz to step to Cause this is where, Harriet Tubman was tryin to get to She had a shocker beside her, it was a long one Don't ever try to come at us wrong son, you wrong one Yeah let, young Tone come and get his hustle on And represent the 'Natti I bet you they gon', love this song We legendary musically from the Isleys to Boosie Used to come through with my hoopty and scoopin chicks up at U.C. But Slim Thug, tell them how they do it down in H-Town (that's right) Tell them niggaz how they do it in the Dirty South (Dirty South) Yeah, how do they do it down in H-Town? (ha, Texas mayne) They wanna know, how they do it in the Dirty South (hol' up) [Slim Thug] + (Snoop Dogg) Geah, it's Slim Thugga From the land of the candy cars, playas sippin purple bars Where you ain't gotta sign a deal to be a superstar We +Underground Kingz+ gettin independent change Down here we swang and bang, lane to lane on them thangs We call 'em eighty-fo's, got them diamonds on our toes We sip drank by the paint so we stay throwed And play our music slow, ride red and ride blue Them blue riders bang Watts, reds bang Screw And on the North we do the braids, South do the fades Them Nawf-side boys thugs, South playa made Geah - the hustle's paid cause they get the blow for the low We by the border, Mexico right next do' And our women fine, yellow with the big behind H-Town a goldmine for niggaz if they got grind (Snoop Dogg!) How they do it out in Cali? (West West y'all, West West y'all) Let 'em know how they do it out in Cali (West West West y'all) Show them boys how they do it down in Cali (West West West West y'all) They wanna know how you do it down in Cali [Snoop Dogg] Gangbang, boogie-oogie, slippin got him for his cookies Cause you thought he was a rookie, but he was a G Little did you know he had a heater that's a ratta-tatta Niggaz gon' respect us Bigg D, cause see Motherfuckers act like they don't know about Cali We got the best weed slingin out the alleys We leave ya stretched out, chest out, vest out D.P.G.C., West out, DoggHouse! [Outro: Snoop Dogg] Geah, from the West West To the big H-Town, all the way to the 'Natti Hi-Tek, Snoop Dogg, Slim Thug, Talib Kweli Haha, yeah, that's how we do it y'all What's the name of that fish spot in the 'Natti I like goin to? You know what's happenin Yeah, Alabama's; that the name of it? Get me some nephew, that three-piece dinner Yeah, and tell Boosie I'm back Hahaha, that's how we do it in the 'Natti Yea yea, that's how we do it in the 'Natti Uh, that's how we do it in the 'Natti Yea yea, yea yea, Tek-Zilla I'm out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Dion, Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: Let it Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus One: Dion] I came home late, you were not there I didn't care, I think we Both know, it's overrrr We need to let it goooo [repeat Chorus One] [Chorus Two: Dion] We need to let it goooo We need to let it goooo Both know, it's overrrr We need to let it goooo I can't believe we at a point where we don't like each other's company when you're not around the burden's off my shoulders We tried, but it won't get revived And I've got too much life to live, I gave all I can give Meanwhile... I, wait (I wait) you, wait Who will be FIRRRRRRRRRRRRRST, to say let - me - go [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] + [Chorus One] [Dion] I saw you, you saw me I felt you, you felt me And two became one (two became one) But the foundation, Was weakened when it cracked and couldn't keep a stand, you bring up bullshit that don't even concern you and me Fight-ing (fighting) nag-ging (nagging, it's not the) FIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRST night, me so I [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Talib Kweli] Like Frankie Beverly and Maze but keep the memory a daze We would do it den every room in every single way Once we did it 15 times in a single day Havin a wifey was way more fun than the singles say Get a room where the singles stay, mingle play around But when it's time for the layin down, we really laid it down We'll fuck, watch a movie, smoke a blunt, lay around Weighted down by the loneliness, please stay around Baby doll we so affectionate, I had to hold my own Cause we had two kids, and you held me down cause you had 2 kicks And who'd have thunk by now that we'd have 2 cribs Not cause we ballin because we fallin apart; you know the truth is I know I ain't follow the blueprint, treated you like you stupid And without your support I couldn't be doin this music It was a long time ago that we were both struck by Cupid But miscommunication has stole the love movement [Dion] Show's over! Exxxxxxxxxxxxit, RIGHT~! The fat lady's SUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNG good-night! It's over (you won) it's over (I'm done) It's over (we both know it's overrrrrrrr) (We need to let it goooooooo) [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology Song: Theme From Hi-Tek Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Attention players The rules of the game have now changed People are no longer afraid of the truth You call yourself an MC? Hi-Tek, hit 'em with the.. Hi-Tek on the boards, Kweli in the booth Make 'em feel it in they bones with the.. Come down yo.. Like, oh my God, what do we have here? My man is on fire like the Ohio Players Throw yo' hands in the air, keep 'em there if you with me The MPC-60 is rare, but it still sound cripsy Kicks and snares take 'em from elsewhere, samples is hard to find We don't just act divine, we are We walkin upright, you lack spine I don't just write rhymes I send force through pipelines to like minds My light shine so bright it do be, vital like lifesigns The night time is the right time for a battle so it's special when cats don't just say your joint is hot, cats say "Yo I respect you" Put yo' fist in the air when you hear the manifesto You had any prior doubts to my skills? Time to let go Hi-Tek, the beats is right beside the soundgarden Tracks get in the vein like heroin the way heads be noddin Officially, people love our company like they was misery I'm known to blast MC's with the cannon of history Specifically the ones who forgot where they come from So it's the light that they run from like roaches whenever the truth approaches I attack the track ferocious, never lose my focus Hold this true hip-hop, closest to my heart, and you know this Nowadays it's hopeless and my diagnosis is to grab the microphone and be the dopest, you can quote this Niggaz sound like they injected with collagen You followin these hollow men no honor when  you bite off more than you could chew or could be swallowin Sorry man I ain't got no pity for you to wallow in Quit hollerin before you get stomped out with my Solomon's All the way from Lynn Street, to (?) Always bringin you hot shit, aiyyo we promisin {*"Dissect it on more high-tech shit computers wanna bite" -> Common*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Dion, Talib Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 3 Song: Time Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Talib Kweli] Time is of the essence, and waits for no man Now is the time to get down with the program It's time to get busy, it's time to get involved You got a problem with that, it's time to get it solved Time flys when you havin' fun, I'll be in the throne for a long time All you haters pack a lunch, it's time to stack your funds There comes a time to run and grab your gun And there's a time to admit when you haven't won Used to be nation time, but now we facin' time Ain't no replacin' time homie, why you wastin' time? They say time is money, and so I spend it wisely on quality goods so with the family's where you tend to find me If you're lookin', my people keep on pushin' Across the bridge to another time like we did to get to Brooklyn I climb through the windows of the mind, I unravel mysteries Go back in history, see how I time travel [Chorus: Dion] (Time) I've been racin' up this time Tryin' my best to find my way (Time) Change the world in just one day Goin' crazy (Time) I've been racin' up this time Tryin' my best to find my way (Time) Change the world in just one day [Talib Kweli] Take the time, rewind and make your mind up Get on your grind, put in the work until your time's up Like O.C. let the poetry remind ya of why we at the top of our game, this here is timeless They lack the minerals and vitamins with time release And so they try to blind you with the diamonds in they time pieces Okay you got money and we all can see it, great Now rhyme about somethin' time don't appreciate You don't appreciate the time, that it take to make a rhyme, I don't just educate or fascinate My facts is straight, I don't exaggerate when I say I was gettin' some head, phony rappers I decapitate I'm gettin' my bread, kids is fed, it's time to build It's time to find a skill, it's time to find a strength It's time to find a will and we ain't got the time to kill, one another They got us swallowin' all kind of pills, they tryin' to drug us Not again, not this time [Chorus: Dion] (Time) I've been racin' up this time Tryin' my best to find my way (Time) Change the world in just one day Goin' crazy (Time) I've been racin' up this time Tryin' my best to find my way (Time) Change the world in just one day [Talib Kweli] Yeah, it's Blacksmith, we got them classics in the pipeline The people ready right now, this the right time The right kind of flavor that age like a fine wine Past, present or future, it's all in the same timeline So currently I'm standin' on the shoulders of my ancestors And throwin' up the sign of the times like hand gestures The man next to the man you tryin' to stand next to Ain't impressed by your routine, you too damn extra It's time to start a movement, it's time to start improvin' If everybody a pimp, then who the prostitutes and where the hell is our solution, it's time to handle problems It's time to stand for somethin', it's time to channel Marvin... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Reflection Eternal (Talib Kweli) Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: Time is Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hi-Tek] (Uhh) Yeah, yo Kweli whattup? (Uhh) Time to get this dough man, what's happenin? Tell 'em about New York son man [Talib Kweli] New York red hot in the summer and blue in the cold winter In the 'Natti they roll spinners, be coolin the most Dennis You know the flows in this, tone is a known menace When we come switch from 'em we finish to "None of Yo' Business" Where I'm from we don't be talkin loud, that's cause we walkin proud More black rain fallin from the clouds soon as I saw the crowd All the liquor started pourin out, bodies they chalkin out Kweli the Great they're callin out, that's what I'm talkin 'bout Pneumatic like a phone I gotta roam a dog got a bone I still gotta get though, I'm gettin grown I'm plottin on a plot to own, stock up on supplies 'til the deal Cross the T, dot the I, signed a contract, get a contact Y'all niggaz secondhand I come to discover You runnin for cover kid your rhymes is hand-me-down like older brothers They gon' bug us, we save the lives of the young among us And your boy still got that hunger, you gotta love us [Chorus: Talib Kweli] They say the time is now, the place is here Don't be a scary muh'fucker, stay and face your fear After they pick up, the body momma trace the tear This is a stick up, get them damn hands in the air! Yeah the time is now, the place is here Don't be a scary muh'fucker nigga face your fear After they pick up, the body momma trace the tear This is a stick up, get them damn hands in the air! Yeah [Hi-Tek] This 'Natti shit nervous street corner feet hurtin Hustlin, do it and askin God what's my soul purpose I'm stayin in the lab, my life is up for grabs As soon as I slip niggaz gon' criticize my ass Fuck 'em I'ma keep puffin Hi-Tek stackin thousands Niggaz hated when they heard me on that 50 album The streets is callin when my nigga tell me he need a boost And bring him a pack, cause he know my roots [Chorus] - immediately fades to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Bootsy Collins, Mos Def, Raphael Saadiq Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: We Get Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Put it back together [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Baby we get down, get down (baby we get down) Baby we get down (baby baby we get down) Baby we get down, get down (oh yes, we get down) Baby we get down [Mos Def] Uhh... all-stars Hi-Tek, Raph' Saadiq This the team right here My.. Hi-Teknique, the Raph' Saadiq Mos Def on a beat, Brooklyn stand up Put your hands up, drop the ass down Playas play hard, real riders mash out Lord will connect East, Mid to West Sin City, Vietnam, Oak-Town roll out! Aw shit, it's about to go down So nice ghetto call us The Dice, we throw down Like what! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Mos Def] Uhh, Saadiq blow [Raphael Saadiq] + (Mos Def) When we get down, oh yes we ride - the - bus (right) It's more room - for - us (true) And best believe, we're cho-kin (uh-huh) When we get down, everyone drops - their - drinks (aw shit) Playas do - your - thing (uh) They're makin their way to the danceflo' baby [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Raphael Saadiq] + (Mos Def) WE GET DOWN! Every day, every night! (Saadiq) On the flo'! (uhh, haha.. teach 'em, teach 'em, teach 'em) If you want baby (that boy got talent!) On the bleachers baby (tell it!) You know, uh - WE GET DOWN! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Mos Def] Yo, where my riders at? Where you survivin at? Put it up and let me see where it's poppin at Aight, now where my pretty little mamis at? Damn ma, it's a job workin all of that Aight, now where my all-star ballers at? Sippin slow, gettin low, just fallin back We all here, jumpin all fair Rob Lowe, I'm at the ghetto get involved here [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Mos Def - over Chorus] Oww, ha, yes we do Yes indeed, yes indeed Uhh, as we proceed to give you what you.. need Uhh, Hi-Tek we cool, so special [Bootsy Collins] Hit the spotlight playa with the fresh new G Cloud at the bar, we mash, who's she? Get that girl with the big tooshie Take one or ohh, for ooh-wee On her mind, quite needy She wants my thang all, on her body First let me see her shake that booty Yeah shake's good, I think naughty [Chorus] - immediately fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Dion, Jadakiss, Papoose, Raekwon & Talb Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 2 Song: Where it Started At (NY) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Hi-Tek] (*Sample) (*Where do I Start?) Let's see what they wanna hear? [Chorus: Dion] (Jadakiss) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) (***Sample) Let me see where I started at (Uh) Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) (No doubt) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear (Yeah) For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) (Hi-Tek!!!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) (Woo!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (***We gonna take you all on a little trip to New York City!) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 1: Jadakiss] Uh! Got alot of heart, best part is I'm clever too Hand skills, hard work, gun play whatever duke Ecstacy, oxy, vicodin, powder Ari, haze, diesel, sour Dust Juice, Lucy's, turbans, kufi's Hand guns is petite the shotties is doofy Talkin in is not nice, lot of niggaz got life Everything is good in my bank except cop dice Harlems, Jordans, the hood can't afford them So they bootleg them now everyday sport them Dorms, cells, packages, mail Warrants, bails, everything's real now [Chorus: Dion] (Papoose) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (Hi-Tek Hi-Tek, Papoose Pa-poose) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 2: Papoose] All I got is my word and my nuts, man I got Brooklyn in my balls So you could see Bed-Stuy if you lookin in my draws Always talkin bout you ballin, look you wanna ball Word on the streets, niggaz ready to put you on the wall You just a leg shooter, you aim your gun low I shoot my tek high I keep a Hi-Tek like the producer Pap ripped the Desi, till that clip is empty Man I'll have black buried in the cemetary Go 'head get your fetti, but you better tell holmes Messin with me will get black buried like a cell phone Punks pay dues not me I pay attention Call it New York cause we keep reinventin [Chorus: Dion] (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (*With a first hello!) [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Who flipped the vocabulary? Shadow my adversary buss 'em like vocabulary Roaches and rats in every corner when it's warmer but New York is used to that already Manhattan built the cemetaries where the blacks is buried I take the Staten Ferry I walk to Broadway I talk to chicks along the way with John Forte Used to do this all day burnin in the project hallway Discussin strategies in the court case I rock the Northface cold like winter I'm from Brooklyn like the D-Cep and low life niggaz word Fuck the talking it's a New York thing We aboard but, all things considered we all kings, what [Chorus: Dion] (Raekwon) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) (My nigga my nigga whattup, Tek you did it again nigga!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (Word up I love that) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 4: Raekwon] Aiyyo yo, I rhyme for the streets broke niggaz rap when they feast Who angry as hell, we yell from the beast Wise killers up in New York, who lay for peace Crime action get you trapped by the chief, no PC Proud and have the hood stylin good talent most of us tellin Drug wars, try to re-up, the law whylin Can't get no rest, the vest is on stress pound it Schemin on somethin green, we eagles on the chef found it While I take a trip back my first little pack Had to open doors no time for broads I was scopin crack Baggin like a newborn, barely profit beef pop off We carry tommy guns and smoke trees and grab pockets Pilgrimage life, real like with no money and no white I had this white girl who work for me wipin pipe Livin by the sword, a hundred niggaz daily Who get on board and kill for some proper live on them acres board [Chorus: Dion] (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hush f/ Talib Kweli Album: Bulletproof Song: Let it Breathe Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Hush] I was born with the rhythm before Ra had hit 'em Before Pac had spit 'em with shots full of venom And glocks was to kill him Big Poppa was the villian Jay Roc-A-Fella'd 'em Dre split with Suge and them Way before any before had ever tooken it Look at where we shook it before there was a hook in it (Yeah) Cops threw the book at it Crooks was in the kitchen and b-boys was cookin' it Hot flame on a track who got game? A lot came after the wack had got play Shots rang out on a night then cops came And locked hip-hop in a cell & stopped play And Radio (Raheem) said "D muthafucker!" with Love & Hate Fists of full fury like The Roots said (You Got Me) I loved you death ever since Eric B. For President (uh) [Hook] You have given me everything I need to see What I need to be somehow you have set me free Been right by my side everyday throughout my life Now I know this time I can really blow your mind So catch your breath & let it breathe So catch your breath & let it breathe [Verse 2: Hush] I gotta bring it back for the street with a track for rap listeners Back with a beat and a clap for that sinister rap That ministers yap about it's evil in fact What you're singing is wack I can't listen to it It's all crap it's sad what you're doing to it So sad so there's no sense in grooving to it (Yeah right) Rock Steady's moving it Ain't No Half Steppin' and Kane's out there proving it (uh) Hip-Hop on the screen we Krush Grooves Beat Street's, Breakin' Electric Boogaloo So fresh and def plus we're Top Billin' In full effect you know we're cold chillin' [Hook] [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Send a salute to Masta Ace and Craig G the original Jay-Z Style original flav the style take a bow It feel good that's my word like the 1st time I heard Illmatic The feeling I still have it and like 2nd verse from Stop, Look & Listen Like Pac bustin' shots at cops who tried to hit him and not Going to prison at least for that Fuck Tha Police was that shit! STREET CLASSIC (yeah!) We're so creative when we speakin' in a native tongue The Tribe, De La Soul, Jungle Brothers were my favorite ones I seen Run DMC at The Palladium And KRS rock the projects like a stadium It gave me chills like when Amir played the drums 'Til we started making sums now it's fuck you pay me Carry on the family name, still my mama baby Cause they laid the foundation and let hip-hop raise me [Hook] [Outro: Talib Kweli/Hush] C'mon admit it this shit is too fly The rhymes that I say you just can't deny Because 100% is what I give it) I haunt the house with the hip-hop spirit Emcee's masters of creativity Rappin' is the activity Rhyme is a sport, let it be taught that Hush & Kweli is taking no shorts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Immortal Technique f/ Mos Def Album: Bin Laden 12" Song: Bin Laden Typed by: em_amaru@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mos Def - talking] Man, you hear this bullshit they be talkin' Every day, man It's like these motherfuckers is just like professional liars YouknowwhatI'msayin? It's wild Listen [Hook - Mos Def] Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects It was you, nigga Tell the truth, nigga (Bush knocked down the towers)--[Jadakiss] Tell the truth, nigga (Bush knocked down the towers)--[Jadakiss] Tell the truth, nigga Bin Laden didn't blow up the projects It was you, nigga Tell the truth, nigga (Bush knocked down the towers)--[Jadakiss] Tell the truth, nigga (Bush knocked down the towers)--[Jadakiss] [Verse 1 - Immortal Technique] I pledge no allegiance, nigga fuck the president's speeches I'm baptized by America and covered in leeches The dirty water that bleaches your soul and your facial features Drownin' you in propaganda that they spit through the speakers And if you speak about the evil that the government does The Patriot Act'll track you to the type of your blood They try to frame you, and say you was tryna sell drugs And throw a federal indictment on niggaz to show you love This shit is run by fake Christians, fake politicians Look at they mansions, then look at the conditions you live in All they talk about is terrorism on television They tell you to listen, but they don't really tell you they mission They funded Al-Qaeda, and now they blame the Muslim religion Even though Bin Laden, was a CIA tactician They gave him billions of dollars, and they funded his purpose Fahrenheit 9/11, that's just scratchin' the surface [Hook] [Verse 2 - Immortal Technique] They say the rebels in Iraq still fight for Saddam But that's bullshit, I'll show you why it's totally wrong Cuz if another country invaded the hood tonight It'd be warfare through Harlem, and Washington Heights I wouldn't be fightin' for Bush or White America's dream I'd be fightin' for my people's survival and self-esteem I wouldn't fight for racist churches from the south, my nigga I'd be fightin' to keep the occupation out, my nigga You ever clock someone who talk shit, or look at you wrong? Imagine if they shot at you, and was rapin' your moms And of course Saddam Hussein had chemical weapons We sold him that shit, after Ronald Reagan's election Mercenary contractors fightin' a new era Corporate military bankin' off the war on terror They controllin' the ghetto, with the failed attack Tryna distract the fact that they engineerin' the crack So I'm strapped like Lee Malvo holdin' a sniper rifle These bullets'll touch your kids, and I don't mean like Michael Your body be sent to the morgue, stripped down and recycled I fire on house niggaz that support you and like you Cuz innocent people get murdered in the struggle daily And poor people never get shit and struggle daily This ain't no alien conspiracy theory, this shit is real Written on the dollar underneath the Masonic seal (I don't rap for dead presidents I'd rather see the president dead It's never been said but I set precedents)--[Eminem] [Hook] (Shady Records was 80 seconds away from the towers Some cowards fucked with the wrong building, they meant to hit ours)-- [Eminem] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaheim f/ Ghostface Killah, Talib Kweli Album: The Chosen One 12" Song: The Chosen One (Remix) Typed by: Davidab [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Mm mm mm, look at you, still look the same after all these years Baby you ain't never changed, that's what I'm trying to tell you Sun shining, you looking all good standing up there Toes look, you know how I do ma, I lick my shits all day You know what I mean? Word up I'm a don, sweet I chose you Jaheim gon tell you [Ghostface Killah] Ayo your smile is a hundred thou The crystal balls on your earlobe make Oprah throw in the towel Your eyes are power, your breathe smells like vanilla spice Running off with grandma's yams, we held hands at Summer Jams, and watch Jamie Foxx, around the fifth song's when I gave you the rock Your ass was in shock, you kissed me, grabbed me held meb efore I popped The questionm you said yes right on the spot We moved to North ?Cack?, though the house is large Seated up where your breasts can't fit in your bra And if you can't do the natural, don't worry, take a c-section, I rub coco butter all over your scars And I have a lil somethin somethin to lay me out I promise I won't let it hit the baby's scalp And pork yo can ever enter into the baby's mouth Stop wobbling baby and sit your ass on the couch Come here [Chorus: Jaheim (Sample)] Oooooh (I coose you baby) [Interlude: Ghostface Killah (Jaheim)] Ayo Ja yeah, tell em daddy [Jaheim] I can push that whip off the showcase floor Into these strings and the headrest store Something a little more mature Preparing for the future, ut it down on something with a fence, or even a door All the jewelry stores, a pinky ring or a ring for her Show her something I adore, what could be better Save it for myself, or for my baby All the kisses I can give, and people I can see The onl one for me, the decision is easy to make, I choose you girl over everything [Interlude: Jaheim singing wtih Ghostface & Talib Kweli talking] [Talib Kweli] Yo, I'm so glad I chose you to hold, not wifey I'm so glad you chose me just like that Ronald Isley (word) Met you at the Jaheim show, like what the deal? I usually don't fuck with R&B but yo I keep it real I love the way you walk and talk as heavenly ghetto Sneakers or stelletos, if it's beef, I'm ready with metal The way that you pull my strings is very Gepetto You say that I'm not a real ill than I'm ready to settle Your beauty is the subject that I love to speak on I love every body part, from the toe to the cheekbone On the bed, she scream harder than the beast mode Freaking off like we grown, somebody better turn the heat on The way my love got me walking through flames for you I aim and I beg for you, I change and remain loyal Ain't ashamed to give you my name cus I adore you My earth, I plant the seeds, we come from the same soil [Chorus w/ Jaheim singing in background] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaylib f/ Talib Kweli Album: Champion Sound Song: Raw Shit Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro:] Uh Feel it Yeah Check it now With these saints Feel it Come on [x4] Reconize Uh Kweli Jaylib Collapse Yo [x2] Yeah [x2] Turn it up Yes [x2] [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Now everybody, just gather around Cause all we want to do is, just get on down You like my sound, bro I know you do too, on the down low I'm fuckin' with you Now everybody say, I love (I love) That raw shit (that raw shit) I like it (I like it) I love it (I love it) Say, I love (I love) That raw shit (that raw shit) I like it (I like it) I loves it (I loves it) Here we go [Verse 1: J Dilla] It's j.a.y l.I.b killa dog hold tha track Hold tha backs like ya backs amongst the raps Hold tha mac (so, what's your roll in this music) I have the same questions I'm just trying to create new composition In debate, the reinnastate, a paperweight To rennovate, techniplate, and immigrate And playahate, lay your face, we keep it live When we roll, cause we call, comming in, stereo On the phone, get the ho, everywhere we go And if not, nigga please on your mom Trigger squeeze, under these, While I fuck up one of these, Like, no dose, coke up in ya nose Some weed up in ya lungs, The heroin in your vains You know, sober just by saying the name It's all up in, all up in this game So, what up ma comming with me It's the j.a.y l.I.b [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Now everybody let's gather around Cause all we want to do is, just get on down now I like the sound, bro I know you do too, cause on the down low I'm fuckin' with you [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] From the front to tha back People jump to tha track Cause they pumpin' like crack Cause it's funk in the back Cause the trunk gettin' track Jump off, run back Come back, cause they like that raw shit They want that, jump back when I kiss myself And jay's crown, got to lay down It's not the same sound, it's not the playground We hot, to spray around, shot the plane down Got the place around, you held hostage, Two is get down shit, J.D, Madlib, Who I get down with, sounds figger then cheap Rockin' the brown, nigga, put it down, When I get around, my advertary is crown [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Now everybody, let's gather around Cause all we want to do is, just get on down I like the sound, bro I know you do too, cause on the down low I'm fuckin' with you [Outro:] Uh Yeah Dilla Madlib Kweli Turn the music up Artist: Jean Grae f/ Styles P, Talib Kweli Album: Cookies & Coma/R.I.P. 12" Song: R.I.P. Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Verse One: Styles P] Make your movie in HD, bet you it ain't a saga Me I'm a slinger, you a singer like Lady Gaga I could see through you 'bout as clear as Croc Vodka Knock out your teeth with the back of the mic proper I don't give a fuck about a chopper Leave you and the doctor, our pot filled with Big Poppa Make sixteens I call Oscars for actors Get in your neck and your back like chiropractors I'm so nice I could give you a fact backwards Out hardest the is Ghost, keep your kids close Sick when I was nine years old, ask my kinfolk My people been broke, a couple been rich If rap was jail I be runnin the whole pen bitch Ghost, Talib and Jean Grae X-Men of Hip Hop, and still rock, harder than Green Day Classic, like vinyl but let the machines spray [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket [Verse Two: Jean Grae] (Put your rock out in my pocket, nigga!) No it's not...like Charlie Brown who got a {ROCK!} In his pocket Trick or Treat'n, I mean I'm a medium for leakin heat, a freakin genie, Jean's a geni-us You idiots, I'm mean to you sweetie and I'm a queen I don't swing open like Lamborghini doors do - whores do My job is to floor you, lock you and ignore you Pop you like a blocked call, I'm like Rockmore You +Watching Me+ like Rockwell's pop song, it's popped on (Ya lockjaw's a good thing) I'm glad I put the hammer to it My handle is where hand'll rest (Man, she didn't do it) Yeah, what they said, don't want no more rain to jockin round That would be worse than K-Fed doin poppers out (Ew!) Right from my momma's house with this little rocket out Jesus~! Wet my fingers and just stick 'em in the socket now (Please) I'd rather be dead than watch wack shit Color me gone, fill in the dirt, tell 'em I kicked... ten buckets And it's all your fault, I'm rotting Shouldn'ta done that, lied about rocking Huh, it's all your fault, I'm rottin You shouldn'ta done that, lied about rockin [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket [Verse Three: Talib Kweli] What is it? ... What, is you tryin to lose your life? Ancient wisdom like druids but I'm foolish on the mic Flow the truest undisputed cause I do it how I like It's the crack so the fiends' lips is bluish from the pipe Nice try, you ain't fly, you lyin on the ProTools Yeah your vocals mighta flew but you local like Q I blind these old roots and new dudes don't work Even though they softer than yogurt, and covert If you don't work you don't eat You fuck around and get higher than the nosebleed seats, try to compete Ya done beat yourself before ya even started E'rybody knows you don't go full retarded, bogus artists rock the stage, you goin off the page and makin no sense The way I do these rappers so ugly the flow is grotesque (whoa) Your flow is Kotex, it's no contest U.F.O., unidentified flyin object What, you a friend or you a foe? What kind of energy provoked, I keep my enemies close (close) I got a tendency to smoke And I stay in the mix like Hennessy and Coke, whoa What, you a friend or you a foe? What kind of energy provoked, I keep my enemies close (close) I got a tendency to smoke And I stay in the mix like Hennessy and Coke, whoa [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jigmastas f/ Mr. Complex, Pharaohe Monch, S. Sahdeeq, Talib Kweli Album: Lyrical Fluctuation 12" Song: Lyrical Fluctuation Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com [Kriminul (of Jigmastas)] What, yo, Beyond Real, baby, Joc Max, baby For the 99 and beyond, yo, check it out Yo, by the some of the shit y'all spit, it's hard to keep interest in this game And I know some of y'all don't like the shit that we spit we feel the same See the plan ??? don't roll with a lot of niggaz just a few friends And I blast before a nigga even get a chance to put in his two cents Don't get me wrong, it's all love and war But my fellow black brothers like iced down jewelry in the projects We attract others, bro for black rubbers The way I stretch you out, you wanna test me You be the artist formerly known as alive, so please don't stress me Y'all motherfuckers is too sexy, and y'all supposed to be hardcore? And y'all supposed to be givin the consumer, what they ask for? About to tap the plexi-glass ora, along with that glass jaw Pass the microphone to my nigga Mark like Terry Bradshaw [Pharaohe Monch] Spit miraculous shit, drink Dracula's blood, exist for centuries My DNA 'ventually, mends wounds, heals injuries The identity unknown for obvious extremities Pharaohe the assassin who was hired to kill Kennedy The murder of Malcolm X my only aborted assignment Reduce my molecules than pass through solid confinement The eclectic, collectively individual Please, your fuckin with the wrong individual Why would one even combat an entity In which one is attacked by absorbing your energy I already peeped your verse before you said it I scan the wack shit with through the powers of telekenitics Chorus: Kriminul One minute to rhyme, one minute to shine, one minute before detonation One time for lyrical fluctuation One life to live, and though its better to give We'd rather take time out, for this lyrical fluctuation *repeat* [Talib Kweli] Most rappers try to keep it real, I go way beyond My shit is airtight, more Professional than Leon Phenomenal bird's-eye view, your shit is comical My parables be astronomically bombing you We calmin you down, yo my sound take you back in history Picture me kickin brown skin lady to black women in Antiquities Consider me the cat who got rhymes like the clouds got raindrops I read the book and I been there, what! y'all niggaz just ??? Plus, I can pronounce Pharaohe Monch, I know who the hell he is Funky man or skeletor, I master the universe the Jigs (masta) Kid I call your name out, not the alias, but your government For the love of it, I tear you up and spit you out like done with it [Mr. Complex] I wanna be that fly new boy when the kids crack out on the table the tape or CD and hear me, shape your minds Daily I do, and you the tool don't, front like your special Special meaning you just don't got it Unless you got it and you forgot it Here's the refresher, better knowledge, you could challenge your professor I make kids just give up rappin Some odd forms of talkin I frustrate you like tryin to rewind on a auto-reverse walkmen You look confused like little kids trying to cross busy streets Is it the beat, is it the rhyme that go you mindin mine like business? The sign of times when the population's like who is this? But it's 'Plex, I start a craze like sex I got more styles than cinemas at Sunrise Multiplex Chorus [Shabaam Sahdeeq] Yo, I'm rugged on streets as well as I'm rugged on wax Your style's sweet, won't you do a song with the Rugrats? I hold shit down for 'delph, venoms circulate up in em Funny when I spin em like they in the tu-tu's Sahdeeq rebute you, refuse you like short change Long range, strokin your lady with no stain My flows aim, dent your chest like Tinman Shake em apart, send em down the rode with no heart These five here, nothin to FUCK with this year You see through like Sheer, pantyhose spendin hoe Dubbin, analogue and digital flows Screwin up your cerebral, shit you can't even conceive bro Heave-ho, off the steam ship with your weak flow My style heavy like pebo, Malik cast like devo The best rest ???, now sleep it off stupid Krim', Pharaohe, Kweli, Complex, Sahdeeq new shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jigmastas f/ Mos Def, Mr. Complex, P. Monch, T. Kweli, S. Sahdeeq Album: Lyrical Fluctuation EP Song: Lyrical Fluctuation (DJ Spinna Remix) Typed by: mutumbo6@yahoo.com [Kriminul] By the some of the shit y'all spit, it's hard to keep interest in this game And I know some of y'all don't like the shit that we spit we feel the same See the plan ??? don't roll with a lot of niggaz just a few friends And I blast before a nigga even get a chance to put in his two cents Don't get me wrong, it's all love and war But my fellow black brothers like iced down jewelry in the projects We attract others, bro for black rubbers The way I stretch you out, you wanna test me You be the artist formerly known as alive, so please don't stress me Y'all motherfuckers is too sexy, ain't y'all supposed to be hardcore? Ain't y'all supposed to be givin the consumer, what they ask for? About to tap the plexi-glass ora, along with that glass jaw Pass the microphone to my nigga Mark like Terry Bradshaw [Pharaohe Monch] Spit miraculous shit, drink Dracula's blood, exist for centuries My DNA 'ventually, mends wounds, heals injuries The identity unknown for obvious extremities Pharaohe the assassin who was hired to kill Kennedy The murder of Malcolm X my only aborted assignment Reduce my molecules then pass through solid confinement The eclectic, collectively indivisible Please, your fuckin with the wrong individual Why would one even combat an entity In which one is attacked by absorbing your energy I already peeped your verse before you said it I scan the wack shit with through the powers of telekenitics [Chorus: Mos Def] Uno, Dos, Treise, Quatro Jigmastas, and company kick the hot flows So my whole crew is dangerous Leave 'em all in a state of flux And every state we touch Set fire, and blaze it up Count it off like Uno, Dos, Treise, Quatro Jigmastas, and company spittin' the hot flows Dangerous, leave 'em all in a state of flux [Talib Kweli] Most rappers try to keep it real, I go way beyond My shit is airtight, more Professional than Leon Phenomenal bird's-eye view, your shit is comical My parables be astronomically bombing you We calmin you down, yo my sound take you back in history Picture me kickin brown skin lady to black women in Antiquities Consider me the cat who got rhymes like the clouds got raindrops I read the book and I been there, what! y'all niggaz just namedrop Plus, I can pronounce Pharaohe Monch, I know who the hell he is Funky man or skeletor, I master the universe the Jigs (mastas) Kid I call your name out, not the alias, but your government For the love of it, I tear you up and spit you out like doublemint [Mr. Complex] I wanna be that fly new boy when the kids crack out on the table the tape or CD and hear me, shape your minds Daily I do, and you the tool don't, front like your special Special meaning you just don't got it Unless you got it and you forgot it Here's the refresher, better knowledge, you could challenge your professor I make kids just give up rappin Some odd forms of talkin I frustrate you like tryin to rewind on a auto-reverse walkmen You look confused like little kids trying to cross busy streets Is it the beat, is it the rhyme that go you mindin' mine like business? The sign of times when the population's like who is this? But it's 'Plex, I start a craze like sex I got more styles than cinemas at Sunrise Multiplex [Chorus: Mos Def] Uno, dos, treise, quatro Jigmastas and company spit the hot flows So my whole crew is dangerous Leave 'em all in a state of flux Every state we touch [Shabaam Sahdeeq] Yo, I'm rugged on streets as well as I'm rugged on wax Your style's sweet, won't you do a song with the Rugrats? I hold shit down for 'delph, venoms circulate up in em Funny when I spin em like they in a tu-tu Sahdeeq rebute you, refuse you like short change Long range, strokin' your lady with no stain My flows aim, dent your chest like Tinman Shake em apart, send em down the road with no heart These five here, nothin' to FUCK with this year You see through like Sheer, pantyhose spendin' hoe Dubbin, analogue and digital flows Screwin up your cerebral, shit you can't even conceive bro Heave-ho, off the steam ship with your weak flow My style heavy like pebo, Malik cast like devo The best rest on kilo, now sleep it off stupid Krim', Pharaohe, Kweli, Complex, Sahdeeq new shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Syleena Johnson f/ Mos Def Album: Chapter 2: The Voice Song: Hit on Me (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Mos Def] It's me and you, tribulations and trials Situations is wild Love, drama, stress Love, drama, stress Love, drama, stress The Voice [Syleena Johnson] Just because I'm in love with you Doesn't mean I'm gon' lose my life for you I wanna be free from all this misery Cuz you treated me so hatefully You give me rain when my sun shines You bring me pain when pleasure's mine But I'm breakin' free cuz this ain't for me Don't want me kids to see how you hit on me [Both] SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Baby girl don't want you cryin no more  I realize I was wrong SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Don't turn your back on me SJ: Please, you raised your hand to me [Mos Def] Now, now wait a minute while I explain I'll never do again those silly things But you can't keep testin me, disrespectin me You talkin to me sideways Only a man can say so much (SJ: But I'm your woman) Now baby just trust I'm a do right by you and my sho is too (SJ: Then show some respect and treat us as such) [Both] SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Baby it's like my mind in a storm  I realized it was wrong SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Don't turn your back on me SJ: Please, you raised your hand to me [Syleena Johnson] And I ain't gonna take it no more No matter how much you say you still ain't showin no love Didn't your mama tell you not to hit a woman? You know you wouldn't step to me if I was a man And everyday I try to do right by y'all Holdin down three kids, two jobs, and your beggin in-laws Thinkin days would get better as I grew stronger And now that I'm smarter I don't want you no longer [Hook] SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Now baby girl don't want you cryin no more  I realize I was wrong SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Don't turn your back on me SJ: Please, you raised your hand to me [Mos Def] Now baby girl it's no defense but our exchanges get so intense And you get flyin, don't hold your neck, start holdin your hip Then I get (Brooklyn, Brooklyn), go and flip, lost my cool Bout to cold lose a jewel Yeah of course I wronged Cuz I don't wanna come to ?more rat home? And I know you holdin down my gates And hookin up my plates but you ain't gotta be all up in my face I ain't a perfect man, I'm a workin man But you be treatin me like Dante ain't worth a damn But you don't understand my love and how concerned I am Let's talk, more action ma, let's work this plan Furthermore, you never know my hurt no more But 'fore we work each other's curves some more Let's hit that bedroom and work it off Let me improve on the man I am Sweet Syleena give me one more chance That's your plans [Hook] SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Now baby girl don't want you cryin no more  I realize I was wrong SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Don't turn your back on me SJ: Please, you raised your hand to me  Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Baby it's like my mind in a storm  I realize it was wrong SJ: Why'd you hit on me? MD: Baby I won't do it no more SJ: You said that, you said that  You said that, you said that before MD: Don't turn your back on me SJ: Please, you raised your hand to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ronny Jordan f/ Mos Def Album: A Brighter Day Song: Brighter Day (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com [Mos Def {*singing*}] ay-ay, ayyyyyy-ay-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter day Said we're lookin' for a brighter day {*rapping*} yo, I speak in whole beat legends Divide it up in parts and sections Days I was ministerin' sectors Direct from the spot, forgotten on your election Jail laced with fragments, speech clipped with accents Phenomenal ave and for future and the past tense Blew up the room in my absence Live or closed caption watch my song vibrate with passion The response in action to light bulb irrations I come from where anything can happen and usually does You find tension where it used to be love I use my words to shine light inside the dark valleys The dark alley, U.K., U.S., New York, Cali From this king to all counties I out loudly The clammer ??? the chain of things that surround me And seek bounty or stay stridin' and keep strivin' I seek guidance, like the sun at the dawn I keep risin' Like that y'all [Ronny Jordan (Mos Def)] Brighter day came my way Had to decide was I gonna stay Packed my things and I moved on (move on, move on) That was the day that it all begun [Mos Def] yo yo yo nobody knows what tomorrow holds, could be pot of gold Or a mere pot on top ya stove, still ya got to roll Climb my obstacles and honor those who paved the harder road Blazed the trails so a brighter day wasn't far to go So many stories aren't told, so many lights that aren't shone Still the world remain ignorant to what the heart should know My love is audio, transmitted, heard, and felt My words are mirrors to nearer and observe yourself To receive (ceive), reflect (reflect), magnify Let a bright light heal a damaged eye We hold fort like family ties Shout the battle cry and what we challenged by Make the shady stand aside so ??? risers can arrive From native to the natural lives you can't deny the natural vibe On a Mayfield natural high, artificials can abide I love to see my masses rise The joy to make your banners hot The stronger people unite the way we lookin' for a brighter day [Ronny Jordan (Mos Def)] Brighter day came my way Had to decide was I gonna stay I packed my things and I moved on (move on, move on) That was the day that it all begun (move on) [Mos Def {*singing*}] begun...brighter day, brighter day came away, came away and I flew away, flew away high, so high I will fly (fly, wooh) fly away, fly away, fly away said I'm lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day we are lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day lookin' for a brighter day said I'm lookin' for a brighter day ay, ay [Ronny Jordan (Mos Def)] A brighter day came my way Had to decide was I gonna stay I packed my things and I moved on (move on, move on) That was the day that it all begun (yeah) Brighter day came my way I had to decide was I gonna stay I packed my things and I moved on That was the day that it all begun A brighter day came my way I had to decide was I gonna stay I packed my things and I moved on That was the day that it all begun A brighter day came my way I had to decide was I gonna stay Packed my things and I moved on That was the day that it all begun A bright.. [*Mos Def hamaronizes with ad libs by Ronny Jordan* til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kida f/ Busta Rhymes, Crooked I, Jay Rock, Kurupt, Little Brother, Talib Kweli, Willie B  Album: The Endemic Song: Holla! (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini20502k@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro - sample from Missy Elliott's "Get Ur Freak On"] Listen to me now, I'm lastin twenty rounds And if you want me (PEOPLE!) then come on get me now (YES) Is you with me now (YES) then biggie biggie bounce (YES) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style HOLLAAAA!!!! HOLLA-HOLLA-HOLLAAAAAA!!! {Seige Monstrosity...} HOLLA-HOLLA-HOLLAAAAAA!!! HOLLA-HOLLA-HOLLAAAAAA!!! HOLLA, HOLLA, HOLLA-HOLLA-HOLLAAAAAA!!! {Remix} [Phonte] Kida, what up? [Verse One: Kida] What up! You better {HOLLA!} at Kida if you wanna hear a classic Who got a line-up of sick rappers, tell me who's that kid Step up to the limelight so fast Grabbin your cash, rhymin and pickin at what you rappers lack Single wood to the fullest since I stepped in I rock red but don't compare him to Mack 10 Rolls with a Benz, hope they horn's like a mac-10 I'm so fashion; it's later for you bastards! [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] (Sample courtesy of "Get Ur Freak On" by Missy Elliott) You see I'm tryin to get this bread and if you not don't even bother Talkin to me cause I'm out here tryin to get a billion dollars (HOLLA!!!) The proper hustler better fine with a scholar (HOLLA!!!) When it comes to diamonds and wearin Escada (HOLLA!!!) Mami pretty like she in a beauty parlor Let me take you to the telly and give ya somethin to swallow (*HOLLA!!!) I make the party hotter than a sauna Everytime a nigga come through you know you always gotta!!! (HOLLA!!!) [Verse Three: Phonte] Phontigga.. It's only one who could hang with this focus Do my thang to make sure my name ain't misquoted I don't do it for the fame or lane to get noticed Tay's a +Gift+, won't beat +Taylor Swift+ bolded I'm made for this moment, flow sick as E. coli Rule just like the Ayatollah, know I do not follow, and I scream holla But fuck wit Tay, you take an L/el, nigga - Hola! [Chorus 2X: Sample courtesy of "Get Ur Freak On" by Missy Elliott] Listen to me now (YES), is you with me now? (YES) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style (YES) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style [Verse Four: Kurupt] AY, AY, AY... Like, West West who's the best I contest In the Venus, in the act, Venus flytrap Get ya caught up nine milla, nigga cock back Roadkill my nigga South Central eyes clap And if you got a problem with that Then we'll go hit Compton where problem is at Kida I'm fuckin with ya 'til the whole block stop Original like Baby CJ and Kida Rock [Verse Five: Rapper Big Pooh] (Rapper!) Everybody putcha hands in the air If you standin in the buildin, wave 'em in the atmosphere! Yea! Now I got my point across clear I'm inclined to design a rhyme to show you why I'm here! Captain of the ship, you just watchin from the pier! Your girl over here, listen to her while she cheer! All hail the king, take a knee, kiss the ring You can leave witcha pride if you do the right thing, holla! [Verse Six: Crooked I] C.O.B., read the letters on the gold chain I ain't like yours, I started my own gang I move 100 pounds every time the phone rang I'm a two-stepper, you can do the Soul Train I'm the king of the West, I ain't hearin it The tampon flow pussy, I'm the best period! I could lay the blueprints to build a pyramid Why I gotta tell you that I'm fresh when the mirror did [Verse Seven: Talib Kweli] Elder Blacksmith is in the building... Aiyyo I know this one chick she hit the club with a passion She took the night that's right she cold smashed 'em Assassin, dressed in the latest Couture fashion Drink never spill when she walk she multi taskin Just like Hanna Montana I call her Miley Got it locked, naturally, India.Arie Dudes love to hear the word L-O-L and a smiley Faces but she know her place is right beside me  [Verse Eight: Jay Rock] Ohh - it's Jay Rock, niggaz know what the business is One shot kill and I ain't leavin no witnesses For realer I'm a gorilla, bananas with the flow Niggaz want problems I keep banana clips on you hoes Respect it or check it, I ain't the one to mess with Make 'em holla if I pull it, the bullet enters and exits Life's so precious and you could lose it in seconds When it's heat to your necklace give it up with no questions [Verse Nine: Willie B] Yea... Hollaaah... for a dolla when you see me, girl Your man a hater, 'cause he really wanna be me, girl Him stay winnin, him in fresh linen Women stay grinnin, den dem start sinnin Sippin on a Goose, she looser than a noose She hang off my nutsack, she throw'd her butt back Yea, catch a nigga and ya bitch bare 'Cause I get long dough, no French bread The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K'Naan f/ Chali 2na, Mos Def Album: Troubadour Song: America Typed by: AZ Lyrics uh huh uh huh uh huh oh this takes me home it makes me think about sitting outside of my old home when I was younger and singing something like [Chorus I (with translation)] gabar yaroo subhaano [Young beautiful girl] maro shabeelo hirato [wearing tiger-patterned] maro qafiifa huwato [light, thin clothing] maga'aaga ii sheeg [Tell me your name] magaeygu waa sharaf [she says: My name is Sharaf] sharaf haaji weeyan [Sharaf Haaji, it is] aqalada hariirta [Those beautiful houses] dhina baan ka jooga [I live beside] alla ya u sheega [Somebody please tell them] tinta u shanleeya [give them a clue] nahoy zamzamey [of you, Zamzam] sabaah nuurey [who shines like the morning light] adoo kin kin iyo [like the scales] kaluun badaneey [of a colorful fish] adoo hajka jira [while you were gone on Hajj] xasuus badaneey [had many memories] sahiibtaa asho ashaq baa dilay [Your friend, Aisha died of love] ugu dambeyntiina [at long last (I realized)] aniyo geeluba [both I and the camels] wa u banaanbahnay [need love] [Chorus II - x2 (with translation)] wanagii orodnee [Remember us fleeing] nabad barinee [searching for peace?] mareykan waa laga soo waayay [3x] [In America, none was found] There are certain things fresh and certain things mesh I got my own sound I dont sound like the rest and even my attire and my choice of dress and not long ago I don't spoke English my point is police pull me over a lot they wonder what kind of rap sheet I got and sometimes I take a young girl out to eat and hold the door open oh your so sweet of course my affection's super illustrated and I like to give don't reciprocate it unless you could give me someone innovated well lets cook it up we dont refrigerate it but back to the country of the educated where people get robbed and they celebrate it [Repeat Chorus II x2] [Mos Def] Maraken my country tis of thee sweet land for robberies dos smokin SUV's grab me an army green fat and frills thrills and spills eat and sleep hump and kill shop til you drop work til you dead get all you can then get in the wear outta my face on your knees sleep in the mansion shut out the streets make that cake woop that trick lick my swagger suck my sick get high get low get stcky get rich get yo own show get down get quick you slow you blow you broke your fix terror dome, home swag home terror dome, home swag home home swag home home swag home [Chorus II - x2 ("America" repeated)] [Chali 2na] There are some things pure while certain things blur dilute it with the lie and you believe when it occur falsified information got my people in the stir we have to be in search of something equal to the cure straight out the door, I come to give you more lay the law keep it raw, when I speak it from the core get underneath your skin like especially with the claw conflicted with the rich cuz i kick it with the poor I laugh in the face of adversity sound clashed with the bass cuz its natural to me but if you pay attention to the past you will see not long ago you black they'd hang your ass from a tree but certain things things change, while some stay the same some are recluse others are lovers of the game I'm trying to walk the lane, the serahtal mustakeen [arabic for "straight path"] instead of doing things that keep you covered in the flame [Chorus II - x2 ("America" repeated)] Nanananana that shit was cool in English, but let me get that Somali verse [Chorus I] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KRS-One & Buckshot f/ Talib Kweli Album: Survival Skills Song: Oh Really Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Talib Kweli] - w/ scratching & KRS-One ad libs Okay Oh really? Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh real-really? (come on) Oh-oh-oh-oh really? (uh) Oh, really, really, really? [Chorus - Talib Kweli] - w/ ad libs Oh really? You think you murdered the track, you kill me I-I-Impact like the back of the billy, club Take it back to what rap really was Make so much noise we could barely hear your buzz That's why we got these rappers scared of us These other emcees just don't compare to us These other emcees just don't compare to us These other emcees just don't compare to us [Verse 1 - KRS-One] KRS-One, Buckshot, we back again Time for you rappers to take off the mask again From one to ten, we pass the ten Bumpin Dead Prez 'cause I'm an African I'm Naughty by Nature, raunchy by nature Forty by nature, y'all corny by nature Meaning, all of y'all naturally whack And I'm naturally dope like coke before crack Oh really? I'm more like the weed in this rap And these new jacks are more like the seeds in this rap I don't need to react, I don't even need to reach for the gat I can see how you speak and you act You'll be layin in the ground in five days If this was the 1700's, you'd be my slave If this was 10,000 B.C., you'd be livin in my cave I'm bringin new meaning to the term "I'm saved" I'm like a mountain man, unshaved Walk through ice and fire unscathed (ha) I'm livin proof that you get better with your age (uh) Hip-hop's a journal, I'm turnin the page (okay) Yo Buckshot [Verse 2 - Buckshot] Everybody get the gauge Don't play with me, I ain't a video game, I'm so serious Put so many O's in your brain, you oblivious To the fact, you old period Who the asset and who the ass that, oh there he is (huh) Neck full of high class diamonds Wrist lookin like you made a trip to my Hymen In the Coliseum, or Harlem, or Canal You cop jewels by the penny weight? I go by the pound Anyway, I go by the style, not by the sound So when you cop my CD, you can go out of town Go out of bounds, I'm blowin the whistle, referee BDP Y'all know I'm official, y'all go on my tissue Y'all niggaz are shitty, you get wiped out, lights out You can't outwit me, outsmart me or outfit me, yeah, it's my gear I got an arsenal with me, nigga it's my year (bloaw, yeah) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Talib Kweli] - w/ scratching These other emcees just don't-don't-don't-don't-don't compare to us (come on) Don't-don't-don't-don't-don't-don't-don't-don't compare to us (never) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh really, really, really? Uh, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Larrieux, Amel f/ Mos Def Album: Remixed Possibilities Song: Get Up (Thread Had Fun Remix) Typed by: MosDefAngel@yahoo.com Oooooo la di dum (dum) Da da dum (dum)da da dum dum dum La di dum da da dum da da dum dum Six a.m. getting out of bed again Can't get back in cuz sleep ain't gonna pay the rent Ohh day to day they got you working like a slave Taking credit for the work you gave And stealing your raise but I... Chorus I know you're down but when you gon get up  I see you're down but when you gon get up  (Repeat) People try to pull the wool over your eyes Don't know why they want to profit from your demise Oooo they lie to cover up how weak they are inside Oh baby baby don't you cry All you got's your pride so I I I I Chorus I see you're down  (Mos Def) Hey now I'm going for mine Said even though they trying to hold me down You know I'ma shine Put your hurdles up but still I'm hopping over the line I stay ahead of the race because I'm setting the pace Hop on my feet, I'm hard to beat like I'm a federal case Cause there's incredible stakes  Brooklyn incredible place for all the seminal greats Who made their memorable tapes Who got the measure and grace Amongst the pressure and snakes Sometimes I'm scared but still prepared to do whatever it takes To all my folk who understand that NYC is the way From overseas or anywhere inside the fifty-two states So if you really know the really really really real-ly Wave your hands in the space  It's time to build and create Me and my squad is on the job So that the childrens is straight To understand the higher plan And to expand my estates I can't give out or give up, my motivation a must Amel Larrieux and M-O-S'll make the people GET UP! (Amel) I want you to get get up I want you to get get up I want you to get get up Not down not with a frown (Amel scatting) (Amel) After all the work you gave Stealing your raise Stealing your raise Steal-ing your raise The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Talib Kweli Album: Little Brother & Mick Boogie: And Justus For All Song: Grown Man Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Uh, okaaay Yeah, it's gorgeous I wrote this rhyme in Hawaii while admiring the beautiful stars To go to Big Dip or Jupiter, Mars And from a yard in Brooklyn, hit my usual bars I rock the Japanese denim and the Cuban cigars Pack my trees coming in from the Bay Like Too $hort I chill with Long Beach Mike and Dave New York its, Mr. International, I paddle down a hundred rivers Know enough, then I show up rollin with a hundred niggas I pull my pants up and start forcin up like dancer Get up, stand up, we need to man up I got a picture of my kids as my screensaver A grown ass man, I stopped dressin like a teenager Plus I got my executive bars up These regular art-usts just reckless and none trust Cussin cause the streets tight brewed where I come from The only streets you know is the white dude from London, please [Hook] You ain't got a leg to stand on I'm the man in every city that I land on I'm in your spot, I'm putting me and my mans on Don't mind me, I'm just getting my grown man on Say what? Say what? I'm just getting my grown man on Say what? Say what? I'm just getting my grown man on Say what? Say what? I'm just getting my grown man on Don't mind me, I'm just getting my grown man on [Rapper Big Pooh] It's a hundred outside, sixty-five in the ride Butter soft seats, linin on, see me slide Out, no yeses, know who the best is Fuck who the rest is, my aura impresses These young niggas start and stop with a necklace Your turn Pooh but I like leavin em breathless Green and purple haze, sprinklin some grey Summer green low when I'm posted in the Bay Underground in the A, I like home in DC Any borough, any time, NYC Back in NC, everybody Feel a sense of pride when they hearin LB Link with Kweli, makin music that's timeless For the rhymeless, you can find this {Where at?} In your grown ass man section If you lookin for that other shit homie then keep steppin, uh [Hook] [Phonte] Uh, I was thinkin back on summer's past When me and my niggas was rollin down Summit Ave. Windows down with the pedal to the floor Just how long ago? Man you don't wanna ask, hah I laugh cause it passed by oh so quickly And my life went just the way I planned it I mean I know a nigga got signed cause he got rhymes But I got kids, got bills, goddamn it So I ain't got no time for that kiddy rap, chitter chat Homie with each word I'm paintin a backdrop Ain't got time for bullshitters cause life's the big picture In each rhyme I give you a snapshot Go to the crib and see old flames who missed they old frames Talkin bout how their life passed em by I tell em "Baby, you ain't got to be so cold Just cause you twice as old don't mean you have to stop" uh [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Mos Def Album: Seperate but Equal Song: Let it Go Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Mos Def] Absolutely, just let it go... We now dangerous, am death to flavorish Big hip, lick ya lips, shoot to savor it So refreshin, no regression, host a session It's pro-black, pro-progressive, so affective The 9th Wonder is a Lil' Bro collective Black Dante, Mr. Phonte cold perfection Warm soul on glow, not a neck on froze Keep your stuff on go, 'fore I check these hoes You fuck around and get it how it get mayne Case smack attack harder than ya pimp hand My speaker box equinox like Coltrane Killa K flow mayne need it in the dope game Hairy gorilla call back, no Rogaine and I make that ass drop like I'm Soul Train I got soul mayne, heart and brains to match I'm wit the Lil' Bro, what's fuckin wit dat?? I put my town on the map like a star.. Wit'out the car.. And I ride clean, and my thing bling.. ..and you know exactly how I mean 9th Wonderful, so beautiful So unusual, it's sho' plain on your brain, in your body, in your soul All my hopes show..reach the goal [Rapper Big Pooh] You'on't know about me, you'on't know my life You'on't know everything I go through to write You'on't know my plight, you'on't know my fight and STILL, muh'fuckers wan' steal my light That's right , I'm right back with a write that's sick I done went another level, raise prices quick Y'kno Big Dho told me, "Always rap wit a chip" I'ma do you one better, son I {?} wit a dip That's borderline great that's best in all states Fifty-plus some, dumb niggaz, "Huh?" If you "huh", you can hear me, I speak clearly So my two sisters hear me, yeah Ronnie cheer me, sincerely I carry heavy burdens on my back Done, seen a lotta pain and my heart stay trapped Brothers on the grind tryna get that scratch 'fore them pagers get turned and your plans get scrapped! We back to the hustle where they fightin over scraps And your face get played cause you tryna watch your back My man, seen many niggaz goin like that This year, real life no rewindin it back! [Phonte] Uh, uh. Let it go, better let it go Just let it go, ah ah, let it go They better let it go, they better let it go Let me talk to 'em, check it out.. Uh, it seem like, the more I achieve the more they expect Cause it ain't nothin in breed seeds like success And though you might expect niggaz to lose they cause Or drop the ball, that nigga Tay ain't like the rest I'm built a little bit different, my specs is more rigid Phonte's the medicine, of fine black specimen of Afro engineering, wit'out no interference To get it short, I'm more than just yo average rap nigga or whatever you wanna call it Call it music, I call it my life performance Call 'em fans, I call 'em my life supporters whether they pan or they sneakin through, these are the people that I'm speakin to I speak to you, and this is the year that I'm gon' Schiavo my rivals, nigga pull out the feedin tube Cause y'all porch monkeys, that shake spears/Shakespeare's And make a killin, my words worth worth a million Phonte and LB the last temptation Give a fuck if our shit is played on every station So y'all rap niggaz can't follow me up You cant bottle me up, shit I'm the well of inspiration, nigga! Let it go, ah ah, let it go Better let it go, ah, just let it go Pull it back, let it go, ah And let it flow like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Mos Def, Talib Kweli Album: Little Brother and Mick Boogie: And Justus For All Song: Let it Go (Blackstar Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Talib Kweli] Mick Boogie (absolutely) Justus For All (hold up) Let's GOOOO! Be witcha in a second so sit tight Sometimes I be doin my body wrong just to get right I rip mics, rap life make me attack like a pair fight Grab a flashlight, took on +Marauder+ in +Midnight+ Blackouts in summer, New York nights are red hot Flowin like lava explodin out the bedrock Movin' 'round the block like white, blue, and red top Radio edits reverse my curse like the Red Sox International, pass porter's {?} gear And my song's here longer than dog years Fly, coast to coast yo check it it's all clear Respect is my currency, you ain't gotta count it, it's all there My name is Arabic/Canaan Got few chicks from Jamaican to the {?} Asians It's all love, my piers just my luck o' the Irish I don't FUCK with silly broads, I don't FUCK with the flyers Never fuck with hard drugs, the providers Like over-the-counter, these niggaz flounder like the fish outta water It's about to be some shit now, get your recorder No qualms to make the pay for, I'ma hit the reporter, yeah God might direct me to whoop ya ass Enjoy ya laugh, cause we bring it back to Brooklyn fast With my man Black Dante, Big Pooh, and Phonte Do some classics like 9th, Tech, and Kanye, yeah! [Mos Def] We now dangerous, am death to flavorish Big hip, lick ya lips, shoot to savor it So refreshin, no regression, host a session It's pro-black, pro-progressive, so affective The 9th Wonder is a Lil' Bro collective Black Dante, Mr. Phonte cold perfection Warm soul on glow, not a neck on froze Keep your stuff on go, 'fore I check these hoes You fuck around and get it how it get mayne Case smack attack harder than ya pimp hand My speaker box equinox like Coltrane Killa K flow mayne need it in the dope game Hairy gorilla call back, no Rogaine and I make that ass drop like I'm Soul Train I got soul mayne, heart and brains to match I'm wit the Lil' Bro, what's fuckin wit dat?? I put my town on the map like a star.. Wit'out the car.. And I ride clean, and my thing bling.. ..and you know exactly how I mean 9th Wonderful, so beautiful So unusual, it's sho' plain on your brain, in your body, in your soul All my hopes show..reach the goal [Rapper Big Pooh] You'on't know about me, you'on't know my life You'on't know everything I go through to write You'on't know my plight, you'on't know my fight and STILL, muh'fuckers wan' steal my light That's right , I'm right back with a write that's sick I done went another level, raise prices quick Y'kno Big Dho told me, Always rap wit a chip I'ma do you one better, son I {?} wit a dip That's borderline great that's best in all states Fifty-plus some, dumb niggaz, Huh? If you huh, you can hear me, I speak clearly So my two sisters hear me, yeah Ronnie cheer me, sincerely I carry heavy burdens on my back Done, seen a lotta pain and my heart stay trapped Brothers on the grind tryna get that scratch 'fore them pagers get turned and your plans get scrapped! We back to the hustle where they fightin over scraps And your face get played cause you tryna watch your back My man, seen many niggaz goin like that This year, real life no rewindin it back! [Phonte] Uh, uh. Let it go, better let it go Just let it go, ah ah, let it go They better let it go, they better let it go Let me talk to 'em, check it out.. Uh, it seem like, the more I achieve the more they expect Cause it ain't nothin in breed seeds like success And though you might expect niggaz to lose they cause Or drop the ball, that nigga Tay ain't like the rest I'm built a little bit different, my specs is more rigid Phonte's the medicine, of fine black specimen of Afro engineering, wit'out no interference To get it short, I'm more than just yo average rap nigga or whatever you wanna call it Call it music, I call it my life performance Call 'em fans, I call 'em my life supporters whether they pan or they sneakin through, these are the people that I'm speakin to I speak to you, and this is the year that I'm gon' Schiavo my rivals, nigga pull out the feedin tube Cause y'all porch monkeys, that shake spears/Shakespeare's And make a killin, my words worth worth a million Phonte and LB the last temptation Give a fuck if our shit is played on every station So y'all rap niggaz can't follow me up You cant bottle me up, shit I'm the well of inspiration, nigga! Let it go, ah ah, let it go Better let it go, ah, just let it go Pull it back, let it go, ah And let it flow like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: L-Fudge f/ Talib Kweli, Skam, Mike Zoot, Shabaam Sahdeeq Album: Liquid 12" Song: What If? Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [L-Fudge] The likes of me, F-U-D-G-E brains compete Wit CP0-3's intelligence Accompanied by Mike Z-double-O-T Shabaam Sahdeeq, Skam, Kweli, and Spinna permanently Deadin the neglegence [Mike Zoot] I buy trees all the time, twenties and dimes You see it in my rhymes frequently, when every other line There's the reference, the understood preference is that I'm biased To black shh, black shh to keep me more hype Seasoned trees get minus disposed right there Mixed it the ten piece, divide my share Amongst niggas to overrun it, it's a long climb to the summit On the lazy afternoon, on the boom oh how I love it So I does it but imagine if I wasn't, fascinated Wit the sense of heat that stressin me, fled to frustrated Ticked off, pissed off, tried to get my dick off I'm savin a little money, twenty dollars ain't shit I'm still hungry, and thirsty You haven't seen the worst of me yet Since we met it's back to back cigarettes All my breath hurt, my chest nervous wreckin the session Imagine Mike Zoot, my brain off drugs, any questions? (yes, yes) "What" (25x) [Talib Kweli] We bring it back to science, wit the finest of Medina Imagine all the people livin in, maybe I'm just a dreamer Non-believers microscopic like ameobas Runnin out of phony acts, be at the underground spots when you need us Defeat the purpose of the circus, guess who the animals (guess who) They over-work us and jerk us till we ain't thinkin clearly (come one) Cuz the history we stay weary of various theories Question evolution and use to pass this lesson through revolution Ask what not to do (yes), without firepower how is you militant? (yes) That type shit we don't forget like elephants (never forget) We stompin black holes in space If you tore this wicked system down, what would you build in its place? You gotta plan then we rollin (come on), don't waste my time (please) There is land that is stolen which is rightfully mine What if slavery never happened and we was never colonized? What if governments never lied and white folks apologized? Or if the environment didn't create the context for the art When niggas celebrate the death and breakin black mommas hearts What part, would a MC like me play wit my positive talents play If there was no negativity to keep the balance? [Shabaam Sahdeeq] What if '87 never happened? No innovative hip-hop, no crack kingpin, no park hand-clappin Damn, one to his chest, the tool jam He tried to flash a black casket, his son's a bastard What if the guns was gone soon as your sons was born? Back to the fisticuffs, only the snakes get bust >From greed to lust, I seen em all fall face first Rapidly tappin the frequency and get dissed by chemist I be exposin the scandalous Sahdeeq, maniscription is the beef shit What if the sky fell into the sea?, apocalypse now Crushin the globe on a quest for your long lost souls What if I catch the red-eye flight to J-A And build wit the knotty's on the hill all day? What if I smacked the grin off your chin When you say, that the cats on this track don't have nuttin to spray? "What" (17x) [L-Fudge] What if all world sort of didn't straight up exist? You wouldn't witness the diabolicness that'll twist Your head off, and suck the juice out your neck like a sports bottle Rip a rhyme full throttle, and put the sun in a clutch If you confused you can use your bad luck for a crutch So what you if tried to spit my brain's a pit, throw em in Shake a watchness up and stitch his lips to the opening I'm hoping above average becomes the new average Some mediocre rappers are flipped to sub-standard Demanded, the day da county dazzlely degenerate Three-oh-five representative the slang that scam Deep thought wit Shadow Man in Miami we do things Like sellin rap nigga's hoes to y'all for weddin rings Wit more mysteries than conspiracies wit change links We're strangely spittin thoughts by my lonely After all this close contact you still don't know me [Skam] What if? to me is the same question I've asked myself Exactly twenty years I just blew the penitentiary Imagine if disease, prejudice didn't exist Materialistic dreams of purchasing that Lexus would be deaded What if we remained primative depended on natural resources? To live and didn't have technology to abort our kids How about if there was no rated-R flicks to corrupt our minds? Or if world wars ain't take place and didn't interrupt our times? What if this free world shit didn't have us hypnotized? Or cannibalism was a permanent state of mind? The death rate, grows faster than we can produce yellow tape The main suspect is society for committing this mistake Categorizing everything, I sit back and dig up some more "what if's" Hand em the drama that any bring Black and blues ain't results to some of em being mad at you Egos are devils sittin on shoulders, trickin em to blast at you word "What" (to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lone Catalysts f/ Talib Kweli, Rubix Album: Hip Hop Song: Due Process Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1: J. Sands ] Yo, from Pittsburgh to Pelan this type shit we be on When we on inside a cassette deck of your Neon Or in your Navigator whippin with the CD on Lone Catalysts, rockin to the break d-awn Make a sucker new jack be gone He kick his shit, I be like: Yo, you puttin me on? You wanna battle? Out to Rawls: pick me a beat to freak on Somethin with a lotta bass and some highs to tweet on The drums, I give it a run, you know, turn the heat on Up in the kitchen, then you'll delisc' on Who put me in a top position, J. Sands dishin No look like Ron Strickland Make the average MC contemplate, just sittin Down, the wax spin like merry-go-round While I format the verbs and nouns through underground Now what you're lookin for you have found So now bump to the sound properly laid and mixed down By no other than my brother, although from different mother J. Rawls with Sands on the mic, so take cover The sound makes you bounce like flubber, Ludacris, Danny Glover _Lethal Weapon_, so while you're checkin [ CHORUS: Rubix (& Talib Kweli) ] Due process, payin these dues, battlin crews At the same time, livin in life, givin enlightenment Seeing eye for the blind Through the darkness of the industry we ministry [ VERSE 2: Talib Kweli ] I go on like etcetera And blast my way out the plethora of replicas Cats steady actin extra And they parts is non-speakin My skills go without and beyond speakin Address your congregation like a deacon Seekin converts, my convo is a honour and a pleasure You seein me is like Geraldo seein Al Capone's treasure You the don of mediocraty, I'm the indispensable hero of hiphoprisy Stoppin your flow like bureaucracy Due process, you got blessed by the best of the population Word to Black Shawn, I ( ? ) your whole operation And shut it down, cut it down like rain forest You see Talib Kweli when you look up the illest in the thesaurus I'm the definition of special edition with rack and pinion steering To make my handlin more smooth than aloe and lanolin "Manifesto"-spittin, my stiletto's hittin On a ghetto mission to keep it fabulous like a Lone Catalysts composition [ CHORUS: Rubix (& Talib Kweli) ] [ VERSE 3: Rubix ] On a level of metaphors with lies life seems to depreciate Like automobiles submit its original state I'm into brothers with registrated plates pushin the weight of my spirit Passin the limit of speed, rhymes per minute Cerebral engine is infinite Class, the third eye high beams illuminates the distance The pressure on pedals accelerates, racin the currents of winds Makin the intangible bend with aerodynamics and panoramic visionin I see the world we livin in, five gallons of knowledge A tank full filled with lessons My temperature guage measures all of the blessings For the miles I'm stretchin Passin what is hot and what you got for all you cats on the list Cause us to be the Catalysts Of a new era, correctin errors Learn to love it or leave it alone Recitin these Nubian poems From NYC to ATL we got continuous flows [ CHORUS: Rubix (& Talib Kweli) ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack Maine f/ Lil Wayne, Talib Kweli Album: Celebrate (S) Song: Celebrate Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Lil Wayne] OOOWWW~!  Young Moolah baby (that's right) Happy music, happy people Happy people Everything is alright Everything is alright [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Pop a bottle and celebrate - we made it to a new day (yeah) Pop a bottle and celebrate - we done made it to a new day Ohh I, take a hit and just elevate - cause today will be a good day I got my mind right, money right, ready for war Workin' hard today for a better tomorrow [Talib Kweli] Hey! Chyeah, blow the horns on 'em The sun is out, it's a brand new day and it just dawned on 'em The smoke in here got 'em floating just like in salt water And break is fast, we gotta cook it just like a short order Dont feed dem hens when the birds covered in cheetah print A jungle out there and the jail is the zoo that keep us in Players in gators is crazy, we feel the need to rock 'em Furs coming in all different colors like PETA got 'em Killing yourself for a salary; look ya line flatter  than stomachs of the women that's running, watching them calories Hope that we linking, we smoking and drinking casually Cause life without living ain't nothing but a fallacy [Lil Wayne] Say, who's that peekin' in my window? Is that sunshine? Is that one time? Let that sun shine through my living room Hospitality is what I'm giving you Harsh reality is what I've been through But I'm not alone, ask her and him too And they shall tell ya, ain't nothin' better Than the smell of a new day (that's right) I know the ocean runs dry and the sky gets dark And ya don't see what He's trying to show ya And I know the wall may seem tall But if we help each other I guarantee we get over And once I'm over, I'll reach back for my brother And pull him over as well Keep our heads high and our noses wide open Hopin' for that new day smell - love live life [Mack Maine] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yea homie, I been waiting since I was 16 To tell 'em what I'm 'bout to tell 'em so I need more than a 16 See I'm the only son of Mary and Joe So I gotta fulfill my purpose 'fore I'm buried, ya know My momma say she having visions of me being a missionary And the hood looking at me as a walking visionary So I sit back and wonder will I ever have my time to shine And die like Pac in his prime Or will I go out like Len Bias and OD before the tryouts No tell the reaper no buyout I'm good, I pray for a head to protect ya And I gotta walk the streets with the heat as my protection Still gotta watch my back, still watch my front home Cause I seen a lot of niggas die with they gun on So with that in mind, I just get higher And pray to the higher Messiah, I'm no liar And they say that puffing the fire fucks with your memory But I got a lot of stuff that I don't wan' remember see Like when my homie ivin died I like how I never seen a man cry 'til I seen Lance died Never seen my pops cry 'til I seen my Grams died And I'm here to tell him that I miss my Grams too And I wish I could hug her for mothers day too And I feel the same way that you do But we gotta still move on so she can just smile down on us And I don't want the Lord to ever frown down on us I know that they really got power in a gun But I also know that they got power in a tongue So every time I speak, look I try to speak life Y'all tweaking for broads, I tweak life They said I was s'posed to die as a fetus My momma said I bind that Devil in the name of Jesus So now I'm here just to talk to y'all Come and stroll with me homie, let me walk wit' y'all Ten million ways to die so I chose To get my life right by the end of the road 'Fore my body in a casket and I'm stiff and froze 'Fore I'm laying in a morgue with a tag on my toes I'm here to tell you take heed to the warnings School shootings, hurricanes, and global warming Open ya Bibles up with no hesitation BC was the Genesis, this is Revelations So you better pick your destination Tomorrow ain't promised, better pick your destination Rest in peace B Spencer, rest in peace Pimp C Shit could be worse so I'm feeling like Weezy I wake up in the morning, take a piss, and wash my hands Take a knee and thank the Man and leave my life in God's hands, yea! [Lil Wayne] Young Moolah Baby! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller f/ Talib Kweli Album: I Love Life, Thank You (Mixtape) Song: Family First Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1 - Mac Miller] Dealing with everybody's opinion Trying to do me Only down one, I'm in the final Shooting threes Like I don't give a fuck Music we fuck, switch the position up We love the things that keep on Bringing out the kids in us Been working all my life to do some different stuff and people have the nerve to say I'm young and haven't lived enough I'm on the road, my girl so sad I'm gone It's hard when I can't even find the time to call my mom When she thinks I'm going Hollywood I guess she probably should It seems like people see the bad and don't acknowledge good I feel the shade but I can see the sun, it's cool I got the time to feel the need to run, a fool Is what I've become, young and I'm dumb Been spending cake to get some bump in the trunk Drums with a pump like some Reeboks See me from the treetops They worry but they need not Heating like a teapot Now I think I'm cool cause I got a pair of shoes A more dough, a jacket with a Polo logo My cup always filled with Henny So no Four Loko They should know, so.. I could go slow, you see that I'm smooth now Used to ignore me They study what I do now With some help from Kweli And it's Like on the they Its cool to say my cypher complete [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] Word. I'm so sick with the verbs I use The words to heal us They love how I kill it on stage, man Murder theaters No wonder they call it a book asleep in the coffin Dead tired Exhausted from how often I be touring So gangsta, Like the occupation of Made Men Creating chaos, my operation is Mayhem The movie never stopped the frame changeover We add a Mac to the wolfpack: hangover That Hen is not a friend I'm on that Lager ? Whatever substance, I abuse it like a grown man I'm not a kid no more Don't want to hold your hand that four loco make you shoulder lean like a dro fan, Go ham, like Abraham reading all the signs Oh yeah, and don't forget to call your moms Same thing I told Bow Wow last year Take care of the fam Cause it's all we really have here.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Macy Gray f/ GangStarr, Mos Def Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: I've Committed Murder (Gangstarr Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Guru] Another GangStarr remix, tailor made for Macy Gray Big kids like us need a lot of space to play I'm blowin' fakes away with my man Mos Def Of course Primo on the track Walk the streets no vest So don't test Cause you could catch a bad one I turn you happy camper rappers into sad ones Always bless you with a new joint Shit you never heard I need a place to lay low bro Cause this one is murder [Macy] My baby works down at the boulevard cafe Just a fine young man with big dreams Trying to make his own way The owner is this mean ol' bitch Who degrades him everyday Then she fires him for no reason Don't wanna give him his last pay, hey 1 - I've committed murder and I think I got away  Hiding at my mother's house  Come get me right away right away  I have no intention of paying for my crime, don't fear  Gonna get the next plane out of here and fly away When he's down it breaks my heart to see him So I figured I'd talk to her woman to woman I walk in and she countin' her cash Got so much cash her office looks like a green pasture I said, "Give him the money you owe him" She said "Get back bitch I ain't givin you shit" I said "You ol' bag, you ain't heard But them are fighting words" Repeat 1 [Mos Def] Yo puttin' a maximum effort for minimum wage It bring the stillest waters up to a simmering rage And I don't feel bad about it My boss flippin, steady trippin', wanna get in my face Try-na treat a brother any old typical way He-he-hey that ain't the way I'm living today Give me my last week check and let me bounce up and skate That's when she said "I ain't giving you not one thin dime" That's when she made me wanna switch into my criminal mind She sittin' back in her office countin' major dough And don't wanna give a young man the pay she owe That's when I got on the horn and called Macy yo "Like yo this crazy ho try-na play me low" Macy beamed on the scene with both hands on deck Like, yo, respect your debt or protect your neck But old chick got bold and said what you gon' do Macy reached for the tool, made 'er holla like Ja Rule And I was like "Oh shit! Relax don't flip" But ol' chick got slick Macy let off a whole clip Then she said "You crazy, you know labor ain't free" Snatched the cash and made the dash like O.J. in A.C. and we out Yo! I didn't know you had a gun (Ha! Ha! Ha! What you think it's funny (Look at all this money) But damn you went and shot her in the tummy (Look at all these papers) But we didn't have to go pull a murder caper Make the old lady meet her maker (Your maker that rhymes with Jamaica) We better bounce before our face be in the paper Gettin' locked up in the bing is not the flavor [Macy] With a suitcase full of money We flew to a Jamaican paradise One thing I've learned through all of this is Having money sure is nice Me and my baby got married He's working hard to make his dreams come true As far as regrets I don't have any Would you? Repeat 1 Repeat 1 w/ Mos Def singing And I don't feel bad about it (Fly away) And I don't feel bad about it (Fly away) And I don't feel bad about it (Fly away) Oh, oh shobee-do-bop Artist: Main Flow f/ Talib Kweli Album: Essential Underground Hip Hop Song: Hip-Hop Worth Dying For Typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kweli] You wanna battle, I don't think so Cincinnati are you ready for Kweli It's wanna battle, rock with main flow San Diego, come on Kweli, running through you town Hunting you down Fronting you down This fucking clown Try to come around for a pound White boy with a backpack Overheard talking about how Blackstar was whack Hi-tek tracks was flat, try to give me some dat Said I'm in his top five Emcees he'd love to see perform live He said, Krs was the best, Redman came second He said he liked Super Nat but he don't like his records The Roots was the best live as far as group Mos Def's alright, but what's up with his leather suit I see him on stage singing and doing rock covers ..Fucking Cocksucker First thing I said is get the fuck out my face Asshole probably think it's got something to with race My crew is game tight, spell the name right on the marquee Fucking with us yo it ain't like nobody ? dealing with culture Stealing the show from the big name rapper whose career is over And year after year he appear, as long as the hits are there, right? Record or not, I'm a still be here In the range rov, with main flow Bumping the same dro Rain flows on these b-boy heads like Kangols African, call and response You're not a purist, your pure shit You don't preserve the culture, you disturb it Niggas try to rhyme but couldn't fuck with the eternalist Too much into ?herb and shit? so you became a journalist Murdered this bitch and then I dragged him back to Brooklyn Main, I'm going out to the pub, good-lookin You wanna battle, I don't think so Cincinnati are you ready for Kweli It's wanna battle, rock with main flow Brooklyn, come on [Main Flow] Yo, backpackin poppin Wonder when the axe droppin Stacks poppin, reason keep the tracks hoppin To the whack rap cats that act scared tonight Cats prepare to fight like Dr. Dre and Eric Wright Trying to keep me dry later for ? sneaky guy Niggas that keep me high, rest in peace to Freaky tye Live in die for this hiphop, forget cops, tip-top Pulling your cards like gift shops Round robin, some niggas out trying to clown common They even ask me why I didn't drop on soundbombing Or the Blackstar Train of Thought lounge shit You fake-ass cats know who I'm down with Big like ?? of sun, big like military guns Like L and Big Pun When I flex grands, moving all through the next fans Peace to Trouble T sugar shot from X-clan Mark it D, hip-hops a part of me Dark as me, sit back and spark a tree With Kwa siggy, flowing reason shits not jiggy Who shot my niggy world wiggy like Pac and Biggy You wanna battle, I don't think so Cincinnati are you ready for Kweli It's wanna battle, rock with Main Flow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stephen Marley f/ Mos Def Album: Mind Control Song: Hey Baby Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse 1: Stephen Marley] I've been gone awhile away from you when I hope you overstand That I got to do what I must do to be a better man Cause if I was just to act a fool do nothing for myself Then all my blessings would be cursed my world would be crumbling It's a joy when I siiiit down and think cause of the good things that we have And what we do to make it through when the good turns into bad Well I hope you find it in your heart and know these words are true And please don't fuss because I mist go do what I must do [Chorus: Stephen Marley] Hey baby don't you worry, even though the road is rocky I'll be coming home to you again And if you thought that I was lost, I have to bury my cross Now I'm free from all these chains [Verse 2: Stephen Marley] A time and space a different place a perfect we might be I would be the wind that blows you be that widow tree And I could never bail and thought of you not by my side So I would be the one to tell you be the cool of night And everyday I pray to Jah that one day you will see And overstand the fact I must fulfill my destiny I hope you find it in your heart and know these words are true And please don't cry you know I must do what I must do [Chorus: Stephen Marley] Hey baby don't you worry, even though the road is rocky I'll be coming home to you again And if you thought that I was lost, I have to bury my cross Now I'm free from all these chains [Bridge: Stephen Marley] (Mos Def) Well then it's not easy, Jah knows I have tried I tried So don't you get weary (Oh God) Jah knows I tried [Verse 3: Mos Def] And God knows, that life is one big road With alot of signs and turns and twist and curves Even though the road is rocky But maintain to ride and keep on rockin From, city to city backyard to yard And we, be seein the cites standin under the lights And the spot is hot it's cold and lonely at nights And I'm feenin and I'm dreamin and I'm holdin you tight But hold on, every single road I rode on Come to an end and I'm back home again So baby please don't cry Cause nobody knows and it's no bye bye bye And our love don't die with the passin of time It just grow more, it just keep strong And even though I'm gone I ain't movin too far Your the light through the dark shinnin right through my heart So my journey just start [Chorus: Stephen Marley] Hey baby don't you worry, even though the road is rocky I'll be coming home to you again And if you thought that I was lost, I have to bury my cross Now I'm free from all these chains [Outro: Stephen Marley] And if you thought that I was lost, I have to bury my cross Now I'm free from all these chains The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Brian McKnight f/ Talib Kweli Album: Gemini Song: She Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Brian McKnight] Blessed be the day She's the finest I've ever seen Cut from the finest cloth of human being An' bein' in her presence is like the first day of spring N' whenever I'm in her arms I hear the angles sing She moves, She's so graceful She commands respect An' ooh she's so well put together Like she's drawn by an architect And all of the mistakes that I made before in my life All fall by the wayside now that she's mine [Chorus: Brian McKnight] I know she's more woman than I've ever seen She says that she wants me She says that she needs me I know she's more woman than I'll ever need She says that she love's me She'll never leave me [Well:] Blessed by the way she handles herself That's why I'm givin' my heart to her and no one else She knows how to please me She knows how when and where She knows the right things to say Let's me know she cares She moves, She's so graceful She commands respect An' ooh she's so well put together Like she's drawn by an architect And all of the mistakes that I made before in my life All fall by the wayside now that she's mine [Chorus: Brian McKnight] [Talib Kweli] This women make my heart beat twice When we makin' love in the car late night Let my soul take flight Apple of my eye, let me take a bite I wanna know what you taste like I ran through all of them From the Marcia Brady type to Ben Stiller married To a hood rat chick, rockin' fatigues like the military From the streets of killa-cali to the shores of tripoli Dr. Jays on the coture from Italy, yo I sip a kiss like a glass of wine I take control in the bedroom 'cause that ass is mine I'll count the freckles on ya face just to pass the time You're serenaded by an ill rhyme, mastermind 'Cause you're more than a lover, there's more to I had to get myself in order just in order to love ya From head to toe, I had to get you know I usually don't get down like this but you special though [Chorus: Brian McKnight] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Medina Green f/ Mos Def Album: Soundbombing 2/ Crosstown Beef 12" Song: Crosstown Beef Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com Mos Def: [Keep rising] Medina Green [Keep rising] DCQ [Keep rising] Long I too(?) [Keep rising] the Mighty Mos Def [Keep rising] can't forget Cess [Keep keep keep...] Mercenary from the De La [Keep rising to the top...] Lace the beats up tight, yo tell 'em Dee DCQ: Four a.m. laid up at the res Got a call made my heart jump out my chest My man's got beef at the dance, exits is blocked Enemies outside with they heat on cop He's says that if he goes outside He knows he gone get clapped My man from way back Ain't going out like that He got peoples in the club and his ties is strong But he know that they can only hold it down for so long So now hes trapped off and he's calling on me To come and represent like I'm G.O.D. Ofcourse I must agree, cuz this is family If tables was turned he would do it for me So now I'm hopping out my bed, Ready put a nigga never seen 'pon dead Guess a black man can't have no peace Pull out my heat Woke up out my sleep over crosstown beef CHORUS: Crosstown beef be like crosstown traffic, thick Brothers be on some real shit Everyman get scared and prepare for confrontation "When the slugs penetrate you feel a burning sensation" Crosstown beef be like crosstown traffic, thick Brothers be on some real shit Everyman get scared when prepared for confrontation "Getting closer to God, in a tight situation" Mos Def: Yo check it It was a friday in the month of may Around the time when everybody put they game on play See my girl was out in deesa(?) it was all on me I figured I would hit the metro on the mad L.D. Now everybody know what the spring time is about Players polish up they game cause the shorties be out I was rocking jew-els and my wears was crisp My man said there was a jam that I shuould not miss I hopped in the livery(?) without a moment to spare and when I rolled up on the function everybody was there I was catching sexy stares from the shams in the rear Saw my peers and heads I haven't seen in years Now I was getting caught up in the nightlife mix Then I see my main man from my old time clique "Oh shit, not my nigga Mos Def in the house" "Oh shit baby-paw, I ain't know you came home" We talked about that and this and way back since When I seen a caravan sporting wild dark tints Its window half cracked and they was crusing slow And was circling the block like they was po-po Said I was jibbing with my man so I paid it no mind That's when the shots rang out from the passenger side It was a forty-five bark that made us all duck down Girls was letting out screams as shells hit the ground I was looking for my man so we both could split That's when he turned to me and said "yo Mos I'm hit" I guess the street life don't leave a nigga alone Laced up at the party and he just came home If he survive I know he goin' retaliate If he don't, they bought theyself a burial plate Either way situation status on code red I'm on the horn to tell the fam its on like Con Ed CHORUS [DCQ:] Cash Rule: [Peace] Peace [Who dis?] The God 2 [Yo whattup son?] Nothing much, maintaining you? [Right] I just came out the bing and shit is mad real, This shit ain't bout nothing son [Son I know how you feel] My girl is in the world trying to raise my seed There's mad shit that she want and mad shit that she need [true dat] Plus she got some nigga, knocking at her door [Who dis?] Some crab-ass cat that she messed with before [From where?] Always acting wild disrespecting my G, [Stop playing..] I think he gotta go, what's the verdict DC DCQ: Verdict guilty, left hand on the scene You might be locked down but you're part of the team If you say gotta go, then that's what he gotta do Ain't nothing sweet son, yo you know I'm here for you Cash: No doubt, come check me on the day of knowledge born Cause this phone shit ain't real, yeah that tap shit be on Plus the God wanna see you so pull his name too Cause he soon come home son, you know how he do DCQ: Yeah the God get down so I see you on the V-I I'm a do my best to get this broad to bring you some lye Peace to the Gods, read your math, hold your head and as far as that kid goes, remember what I said- Peace CHORUS [Keep rising...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Medina Green f/ Mos Def Album: Crosstown Beef 12" Song: Fa-La-Lashe Typed by: r_alam@hotmail.com Cash: It be the God Magnetic no time for mic checks You know the s-t when the Green's on the set This suck this respect respect Step up in the kitchen get fried like fritters Green sound be the best thing since a babysitter The fam formulate like Morgan-Stan-Dean-Witter Yo Mos, stop playing with me man, drop that... Sit back and take a pull but take the tape off pause We bout to take you to the green so why don't you hop aboard Thoughts collide make heads bob like something delicious Don't even blink for a sec cause we'll catch you sleeping Cash: Stressed out, stopped hanging out with them cats on the corner now they got me staked out, checking out the cars I hop out Lexus, the Cherokee, fresh fades occupy the dome piece The leather seat exceals the coushion in the rental I'm pushing And like the club maybe one day lock this rap shit down But for now I drink cheap beers, the St. Ides A dollar fifty nine for free, I write rhymes to leviate the hard times And do what I'm best at To hear my voice on a track is like a treat Even though you're not supposed to Late night eating me like a Kit-Kat My sugar words put bumps on your face While brothers' first album be the raw shit and the second one be laced with bullshit But watch me this understanding see Who like to snatch shows and ice skate(?), it must be The currency they ascertain that makes them forget About the times when they were broke and used to feel pain The back of my Tims- Is run-down like criminals names on computers in the precinct Ain't no white man on the street innocent Though it's my duty to teach civilization from Hatians To Jamaicans to cavemen down to children To them brothers out there on the corner scheming We got the dap too, where we living we ain't leaving DCQ: What the D-D the E-E the A-A the L Last time in a battle yo a lion got his eye swell Isn't it the ultimate To press play, spark a spliff, and get the John licked I'm in love with LeShay, she on some other shit She don't understand ghettos, why the guns spit The cause, the trials, the tribulations The man, woman, child builds a foundation I be the hunter in the woods with the patience With plans to get all chubby in the face The Green, we stay laced With knowledge, wisdom, understanding, Food, clothing, and shelter Keep a G above water in this Babylon swelter And if you ain't got you better get Ain't no bread on the table, so how the hell you tired? And if you ain't got you better get And if you ain't hot you better get lit And if you ain't got you better get And if you ain't hot you better get lit Mos Def: Say what say what I'm on a roll with it Catch a vibe and then go with it Original, so the biters can't prohibit The way I flow with it Is too swift for the slow witted Crisp from top to below with it I go get it cause it's here to be got I'm Medina bring all Greens so there ain't no stoppin' No traffic, no static, flow matic Get on the mic and just go at it The pure pro at it Your sip Mo status don't matter You can still get your hopes shattered You think it won't happen Reality yields to no magic Step outta zone and get your bones cracken I carry poems that can Get into chubby's(?) ass like Joe Jackson And leave the bubble-headed fall flat and Live or closed caption These other cats are getting no action Medina scream it to the top stop your balls acting(?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mood f/ Talib Kweli Album: Doom Song: Nuclear Hip-Hop Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Talib Kweli] Transmittin. [Donte] Unorthodox, out of proportion Slop, nuclear hip-hop Tell the feds I'ma hidden underground warhead And when we go to Armageddon, I'll leave more dead You can kill what's killed, innocent ain't guilt I feel like pissin on your bed on that american quilt Keep my head at the tilt, ten is not what you spilt The kids still can believe these pyramids I built How Niagara Falls, what time death calls I shoot the gift and I'm still like a myth to y'all Pitfall, get on your knees and crawl Through the leaves, as steady, as he goes Y'all ain't ready for these flows Graphic, 3-D-O's lyrically CD's pose With the flash out your nose, like some fresh kilos I devour, your energy feild like powder Meteor shower slayin, decayin meteor power [Talib Kweli] I fly in, in the decked of the deckedets My presense be evacuate, in the presidents residence They never seen evidence of somethin like this Ever since the big bang theory And that's just a theory, hear me Fallout shelters, and the heat swelters Main book me a flight on Delta (You's a flight outta town) I seen the plan as clear as an Azima They got the CIA, the NAS, FBI, and FEMA Darsika you and the baby stay with Cheryl While I find an underground spot, I know of several I'm comin of age, and my special powers are showin Babylonian towers is blowin away in the wind I clense like showers, the sins from men They bugged everyone of my kin, I'm not sure what's happenin [Chorus] 2x Nuclear hip-hop, non-stop (non-stop) Non-stop, non stop... (Continue to rock unorthodox) [Talib Kweli] They sayin the rhymes that I write is unforgetable And the styles I bust, is to mysteriously luxurious and lushious Like shots to the vein, the high rushes Straight to your brain, your focus is in my clutches As much as you pretend somethin such as your end Won't happen for awhile, you are livin in denial You were born, from liberated moms abscorn My family's torn, I'm the third eye of this hip-hop storm In my energy feild, phony men'll be killed Some of my files top secret, with the government seal Now they own us, cuz they want us, to be goners This is the time, who is the warner? We been preparing our techs in the van And Rampage is steering, let's make this jam Doing backwards changes moods on the land [Main Flo] My land survives plans like a stand Nuclear like 1945 in Japan I foreign aid my conflicts with porn raids When my snoring days were roaring like soaring grenades My average plot, took me to established spots Ravage docks, take control like Tavey Stocks Just mind control torque aight Wanna break with contacts, with mental cord, jackin four right I'll make you cough more {*coughs*} With long term effects just like the Gulf War Not purse Benon, but I sensed the charge For war in the east, when I lynched the guards Teams flips, money's king, assassination teams was clean Like Gipsapp ravines Regime caps, Korean gaps, was freein blacks A way out, had me seein traps [Donte] Yea, so I came in the forms of migraines And torn by brain fly crane style, I drain Habec pals Poppin all se-niles, with these for being foul Man enough to carry cuffs, man enough to stand trial You feel guilty by association When I capture your mind, then the rest'll motivate ya My brain is a weapon strong enough to hold a nation While balancing, galaxies and planets You can't understand it, while you out in seas stranded Visualize, infinite individual eyes When they realize the way we make the spiritual riiiissseee [Talib Kweli] Non stop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mood f/ Talib Kweli Album: Doom Song: Sacred Part 1 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah, this is dedicated To all ya'll ma'fuckas who be listenin to lyrics You know there's a lot bullshit in the industry right now (Hi-Tek) But see this hip hop is sacred to us Na'msayin, sacred Got Dr. Francis Cress up in here (Eternal Reflect) Na'msayin, Mad House up in this mothafucker We boycott, what's the name of that store, Coger's Yeah, outta here Now listen, really try to understand what we tryin to say to you here Na'msayin.... Ghetto children steady rotting but ain't no stoppin Rottin flesh under the sun Makes a perfect place for a FLY to nest Settle down inside the corroded chest So it could raise it's own seed, yes yes Lies don't know what it means to be oppressed They got no feelings to express There's a tendency in bastardation we keep facin A sell-out, there is no toleration, get the hell out  Or more bodies is wastin A way in the street, in between the people basing Dodgin rain drops from the sky, thinkin they fly Ain't that a bitch? Rich or thick ass from the heads on the block Not realizing they duty involves civilizing Tryin to understand but FUCK IT I need about a grand to get cash in my hand Where maggots in the chest cavity Gravity be workin against And so they downplayin the fence... Refusin to fly, the maggot don't quit It grow into a fly and be on some next shit... You will get yours within this time I master mics and I master minds Unconcious MC's, it's disaster time Wasn't my fault you couldn't read the signs Read the signs, read the signs Wasn't my fault you couldn't read the signs [?] Sent as the real, earth kill Taintin my spill for bad deals, gives a chill We're only trife, advancin bag mills but still (Do do do) Chances on the hill, we're twice as ill when I reveal [Main Flo] My sign read, gain my speed wit con weed Throughout my rhyme greed, I've always made the lines bleed I escape jakes cross-state wit rival lotto fates I stifle piracy in shadows where I hibernate It's smoke-filled caverns, ills plus the lighters flock Biters jock, I stifle heads just like I'm writer's block I'm killin patients, injected for the seven nations World got hatred, tryin to sue for reperations Cross the station, insomniacs is facin silhouettes While lyin on death beds, I murder crews wit pillow sets [Talib Kweli] You will gets yours within this time  My master mics and I master minds Unconcious MC's it's disaster time Wasn't my fault you couldn't read the sign *echoes* [?] 2x '98 scripts become the norm in the storm That's why he has came in multiple form '98 scripts becomes the norm in the storm That's why he has came in multiple form '98 scripts become the norm--*gunshot* [Main Flo] You know my crew, I'm seekin righteousness wit them, god A ?spearlessly? escaped to rims of nimrod Advanced writing skills, form micro-fields Mind at ease, drinkin teas, now that on hikin hills Didactic carry us from crevices to various Revealed in the ancient most that cover areas Wit philosophic mic prophet seek the higher gossit When I cease, I'm like an Arab takin liars hostage [Talib Kweli] Nigga, we would never deliberately deceive you This is too sacred for that We would never lie to you We keep this shit too sacred for that We would never tell you un-truths, half-truths Please, that's a devil's job Fuck that *beat changes* [Donte] Keep, keep one open if you sleep The shadow's on whitewalls when night falls on the streets Certain priests bear the mark of the priest Came in the name of peace and left your brain fleece All these teach And preach, they down wit the police In the nightime they shootin up dope, and drinkin white wines To givin pipe lines, blame it on the crack fiends And black teens gettin AIDS from the vaccines They set you up Shoot you up to spook you up Isolated, plainly stated, you been betrayed I bring knowledge to solid  Foul styles polished Be havin sessions wit history lessons Get demolished, I'm hi-tech Disect to lie detect Days and last, no cash, can't write a check It's foretold, prepare to travel far rows Bar codes, laws hold those playin star roles Be down key like Lee, handle yo' business tightly Rightly, outta mind outta sight see Whoever said it, read it then probably get beheaded Artist: Morcheeba f/ Talib Kweli Album: In the Hands of the Gods/Let Me See/World Looking In 12" Song: Let Me See (Remix) Typed by: HipHopHead619@hotmail.com [verse 1] Ay yo the prophet (profit?) is without honor In your own country, people swear that you ain't shit because they know your mama So much drama at the crib it ain't fit to live And that survival of the fittest shit will split your wig Cats master doin' bits of illegitimate kids is splitin' dutches Dealin' with the physical and caught up in his clutches My way of life bum-rushes pullin' no punches Silence is golden and all I'm hearin' is hushes, when I'm shinin' MC's pay attention I rise like a ascention see more than three dimension to the situation we facin receivin energy So you see who your friend and who your enemy Crashin back down to earth I've found We can love Oh let me see All of the places I can be Oh let me know All of the places where we can go [Talib] Yo we rock on shed like light the break of dawn  Stand strong like the words in God's song B-Boys, make some noise and B-Girls, rock the world and Falling apart right from the start Crawling round Oh let me see all of the place that I can be Oh let me know all of the places where we can go [verse 2] A blind man feels the wickedest taste is exquisite He can hear me lound and clear and smell fear in the air Without sight he gains in-sight and lets me see his true self not what he wants me to precive him to be Preception is deception Without the facts you keep guessin That's the image in the mirror so we Eternal Reflection Forever manifestin' the cleverness in the lesson Dropin' with authority with no doubt, no question Yo my man's blazin' more cheeba Blowin' out like speakers Keepin' y'all open wide like receivers We rock on shed like light the break of dawn.. And we stand strong like the words in God's song c'mon Show us how to stand up stong Waitin' for you takes so long Shadows leave us standing naked We can't fake it Oh let me see all of the places that I can be Oh let me know all of the places where we can go Oh let me see all of the places that I can be Oh let me know all of the places where we can go [Talib talking] B-Boys, make some noise and B-Girls, rock the world and B-Girls, rock the world and c'mon and Pick it up yes and we put it down, yes we put it down Another Hi-Tek production Talib Kweli, MCs ain't got nothin' Blaze up... more cheeba, more cheeba Cheeba, everybody say cheeba, everybody cheeba The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Khaliyl f/ Talib Kweli Album: Wages of Sin 12" Song: Wages of Sin Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yeah, YEAH! Y'all already know what it is, this is fam Yo, Brooklyn raise up (come on) Uptown raise up, Queens Staten Island, the Boogie Down [Chorus: Mr. Khaliyl (Talib Kweli)] Aiyyo some people die for it (And some live it) Some people snatch what they can (And some give it) It's not how you play the game (It's how much you win) Fuck the wages of sin, we gon' hustle (We don't get by) We multiply (We don't settle for less) We take the whole pie (Don't gamble, we invest) Cause the stakes is high (Whether we live or we die, we gon' hustle) [Talib Kweli] You all comfy when shit is paid up, like the car note or your rent Look out you broke, and now you got more Hustle than Larry Flynt Diggin up dirt on politicians when you got no pot to piss in Sellin watches for commission, with fake rocks that don't glistin Holdin up a block position, been a lot of options, for you to get in, stop the bitchin! You just ain't makin no hot decisions - where the blood clot? Look how many gold-diggers the clubs got If you ain't up on the hustle, find yourself doin the bus-stop, or the train station, with the change, waitin for a metro card Petrified, cuz once you get the dough to let go is hard I'm a vet though and it's odd to see these new cats splurgin Industry virgins think money make 'em a better person Sign to ya mans label, which is under a label, under a parent label, apparently you ain't even able to sit down at the table You ain't braggin about seein the dough, You braggin about bein a ho Don't be mad at me, be mad at'cha boys, I just thought you needed to know [Mr. Khaliyl] Yo, they try to gas me up (gas me up) But I don't fall for the flattery Just keep the people charged like assault with a battery Now your mad at me, and your squad wanna battle me Cuz every line I spit, got a money-back guarantee With a lifetime warranty, just keep the receipt Universe is passing moments, but my world is the street They can't dance and when they hustle, they trip over they feet They tryna make ends meet like when they cipher complete I used to wanna be a star when I was a spectator So now I'm legendary, when I die I'll be greater It's funny how life is just like an elevator But major life changes ain't nuttin to be afraid of Remember (-member) nuttin in this life come free Cuz if I take from you, somebody else gon' take it from me And I'll be damned if I let somebody take it from me Shit I'ma do for y'all the way you never did it for me Come on [Talib Kweli] Up in the city that never sleeps, black mommas forever weep, and cats whip Jeeps equipped with fashion designer leather seats But the team is never beat, and we always weather the heat Stay with that mentality, I'll bet y'all niggas never eat [Mr. Khaliyl] Yo, they callin me the Devil's Advocate, but they don't know the half of it The lone catalyst, shaped for my master shit Make it tangible, firmin up the hand of these apes Who can't grasp because intense, so they rewindin my tapes Yo Kweli! [Talib Kweli] We count down to armageddon like 1, 2, 3, 4 We raw like C4, been here before and after You up and down like a see-saw, With your fake hustle, that beats more Like when I ask my three year old son to make muscles [Mr. Khaliyl] Cuz muscles come in all shapes, and mine take the form of breath So when I spit the air is thick enough to beat you to death See to die is to have lived, but you can't even die right You like a candle on the sun, nigga you just a waste of light [Mr. Khaliyl (Talib Kweli)] Come on eh-eh-eh-eh-eh-eh (It's like, it's like, it's like) Come on, come on, come on (Uh, uh, uh, it' like) Yea yea yea yea yea yea (Yo, it's like, uh) Yea yea yea (Come on it's like) Raw Series, Mr. Man (Come on, it's like) (Yo, yo, it's like) Kweli, Reflect 'Ternal (Y'all wanna get a peice) C-Smith Rawkus Records, Raw Series Entertainment Make it nice like that for you.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystic f/ Kam, Talib Kweli Album: The Life Remix 12" Song: The Life Remix Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Come on, it's like da-da-da Come on, it's like da-da-da Come on, it's like da-da-da, yeah [Mystic] This is for beautiful days manifested on the block Where the cops sit and watch with they hands on the glock This is for solemn prayers, that uplift the soul And protect all people from the blisterin cold This is for soldiers and survivors, hustlers and the 9-to-5ers Those who know the sting of being raised without a father For those who know the beauty, that grows from pain Who knows the burn of hot tea is a cleansin thang This is for those who feed they baby with a welfare check But know the ASCAP is no help, don't mean to go and respect This is for yo' life and mine - reminders, we shine Supplement the nurishment to help you ease ya mind Cuz the life is trife, the life could might Break you down before you see the light So suckle with the soul, you were born to see tomorrow If you breakin from the way here's a peice that you can borrow From now until the end we're soul controllers of our life For all my people everywhere just know I love you right... It's the life, the life, the life, the life The life, the life, the life, the life, yo' life My life - our life - it's just the life [Kam] A waste speakin to my pain, stress, and strife, nigga save ya breath Cuz out here, the way of life is the way of death Left without the Knowledge of Self, we can't escape from walkin dead (Hello?) So all we know is yellow tape, chalk, and lead And talkin heads, so busy stalkin bread we can't see The wool over our eyes and realize we ain't free My people is destroyed for the lack of knowledge But not the kind you find at public school or some cracker college Let's turn back the mileage (Reveal this mystery) Of how we been deprived by his-story of our glorious history That's why my sisters be hoein and my brothers be killin Not knowin where they from or goin, just rollin with no feelin Gang bangin, stealin, doin dope, and dealin So we gon' getchu open singing, bringin hope and healin Now all these negative things, we gotta rise above This is The Life, otherwise known as The Love It's the life, the life, the life, the life The life, the life, the life, the life, yo' life My life - our life - it's just the life The life, the life, the life, the life The life, the life, the life, the life, my life Yo' life - our life - it's just the life [Talib Kweli] You could lose ya life cuz you started out winnin (Uhh) Swimmin with a million sperm in the human race where the end is the beginnin (Uhh) Religion'll have you believin you born into sinnin But if you know God like you know yo'self, who is they kiddin? (Word) Throwin salt in the game of life, you name ya price From the time ya head soft to the brain, till you walk with a cane My advice is to know ya worth, everyday go to work Hold up ya people till ya shoulders hurt, or they put you in the dirt, word Rollin earth goin through Heaven and Hell Livin for the brother not fel' and the others livin dead in the cell For the love, the Bloods, the Crips, who yell and cuss Shit is buff, take a club to the thugs who sellin drugs Suckin life out the ghetto the night is run by the metal The sun settle and get black, like when the pot caught the kettle And the freaks come out on the corners, play ya position From the kitchen to the pimpin we on a mission steady livin It's life It's the life, the life, the life, the life The life, the life, the life, the life, yo' life My life - our life - it's just the life The life, the life, the life, the life The life, the life, the life, the life, my life Yo' life - our life - it's just the life {*scratching samples*}  "Folks is askin is my life complicated..."  "Folks is askin is my life complicated..."  "..my life..m-m-my life...m-m-m-m-m-my life life..."  "..my life..m-m-my life...m-m-m-m-m-my life life..."  "..life..l-l-l-l-life..l-l-l-life..."  "..life..l-l-l-l-life..l-l-l-life..."  "..complicated..com-com-com-com..complicated..."  "..complicated..com-com-com-com..complicated..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Talib Kweli Album: 5.0 (Deluxe Edition) Song: Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Life... what is it for real? [Ali] I don't know... yo It's like hate takin over but hold up, what is it over? Suicide, man that's the devil tryin to control us They told us but we ain't notice the pain was sittin on they shoulders The world is just too polar, they'd rather live in the solar System got us hopeless, they focus on foreclosures Wake up and smell the Folgers, Obama bring home the soldiers Osama, you owe us, the 9/11 was bogus Now we right back at him, save the world is our motive C'mon... [Nelly] Yeah, wake up early in the streets of the block (streets of the block) He posted up on the corner like a soldier in a drill but it won't stop Yeah, livin life in the battlefield (battlefield) Hmm, tryin to survive every day and every night is the same deal Cause, life's strange (life's strange) time changes (time changes) But karma always finds a way Stay strong (stay strong) hold on (hold on) And don't let all your dreams fade away [Interlude: Nelly] Yeah life can beat you down What goes, it comes around It's not how you hit the ground It's how fast you get back up, and [Chorus: Nelly] Go! Keep goin, sometimes it feel like I'm givin my life away And it gets hard, and harder, the happiness is worth the wait Cause all I want is a better day Cause all I want is a better way, hey [Nelly] A lot of mothers they just don't understand (they just don't understand) Yeah, they think we hard on our sons but we gotta teach our boys how to be a man Yeah, they on they own when they walk out the door (when they walk out the door) Mm, see we can show 'em how to fire but they gotta teach theyself how to reload Cause, unemployment's higher than it's ever been Sometimes it feels like I can't win And even though all the rules keep changin I'm stronger now than I was when I came in [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Talib Kweli] Hey, hey Rollin through the back streets like we got beef A carnival for carnivores with the sharp teeth They animalistic, that's why we call the cops beast They on the hunt cause they hungry for the dark meat I'm rappin to my heartbeat, the brain is the bass The heart is the drum; give the drummer some Promise of a better life is all I got to give I ain't just tryin to survive, I'm tryin to live [Nelly] Cause all I want is a better way, hey If you're not prepared the world can be so cold All that you can do is your best and just hope (yeah) In time the truth will show, just stick to what you know Get a grip on somethin real, and never let it GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. f/ Common, De La Soul, Mos Def, Q-Tip Album: She Wants to Move 12" Song: She Wants to Move (Native Tounges Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Q-Tip - Intro] (Pharrell) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah (Bass) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah [Common] Do-do-da-dom-ga-dom (AHH!) HEY! She move, she move, I like the way she turn around but somehow still face me A sweet girl, a-ah, ah, was tasty for the cash, she +Dash+ like Stacy Said she wanna move from there on some Lil' Jon shit, all she knew was "Yeah!" ...Told her act like you know Pimpin the game, had to act like a hoe Inside she was black as a 'fro Sheen of a queen on a booty shake scene Seen with a chick, a dude to make green Change colors, change cities, change dreams You can be in the game but you need to change teams We both all papers so we in the same genes It'll pop, you ain't gotta go mainstream So get with this rebel things and let's move [Chorus: Pharrell] Hey mista, look at your girl...I housed her... And she gon' fuck now, don't you know that? I housed her... (Don't you know that?) I housed her... (Don't you know that?!) I housed her... (nigga) And she gon' fuck now [Mos Def] AHHHH-OWWW!! And that's how I fell You ain't checkin your dame, then I will She got a secret that her body cain't hold She got close to the bass and let it go-ah High tide, everlasting {?} flow-a Set that down on freak radio-ah Push it up 'til her antenna show-ah Horny out nipple stereo, AH! What it is, where ya at? Here we go-AH! Double-dare, ante up, tally-ho -ah! Lights down, lights up {?} bulb - ah! Super duper fly, supernatural - ah! Hips in a twist, thighs on her work - ah! Starin past her room, actin like you know - ah Like it wants-a, here we go ma [*Mos Def panting*] (DAMN!) [Posdnuos] (Dave) AIYYO!! - You must feel well-rested from all the sleepin in on the fact That yo' lady's in-vested.. into the mind games boarded at - myself  But wealth's not the reason It's my poor if you any (hardly) Oddly enough for wantin to get in between her like dots between them letters N.E. - (R.D.!) Huh, she just wanna be free Submerge herself completely within (Sweat) on the floor from Alpha to End Lend me yo' ears, my countrymen Cause this city boy has no fears Rep NY everyday, all year But I rep in the name of my love for how you're movin The chance of you backin it UP, to make me.. [Dave] (Posdnuos) Hey yo, beat it, boardwalk! She ain't property Parked her place in my Monopoly "Sixteen Candles", she blew me in my birthday suit I wouldn'ta thawed her with that bracelet star Ace Saw, she a little athletic But he's goaltendin (swat for shots) Playin the mind gamesn (wantin to watchin meeeeeeee...) She that Ultra Mag and OTAG Spray can sexy (Psss! Psss!) The colors got gang niggaz callin the truth (PSSSS!) Make a madman go chase the life  and vacate his faith and go browse the proof But your shops got gates in front, the basic hunt Your ligaments thicker than possum meat You possibly, define a one-night stand But I won't know, because of your man [*dog barks*] [Q-Tip] Escort your honeydip to the Native Tounges show She's a Abstract freak, and you didn't even know The lights go down, her body hits the ground Clearly she's affected by the Q-Tip method Her Jungle Brothers shirt is the symbol of her heart How much you wanna bet more than her bra is wet How far you gonna go to block the lady flow She just wanna move, unless you bust her groove I didn't even mention that the tail is Titanitc I didn't wink back when she winked, so don't panic Pretty guinevere with her hands in the air One more drink, ma should fuckin stay there Don't be the jelly bean whose color turns green Be the proud man, let go of her hand *woof* Let her get more to the four on the floor To the, "Um, chicka, ah da um, um, da ah!" [Chorus 2X - w/ Q-Tip "Um-chicka-ah-ing"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. f/ Busta Rhymes, Cassidy, Red Cafe, Sho & Talib Kweli Album: Set It Off (Remix) 12" Song: Set It Off (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother HEY!!! Jump it off!  [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Sho) Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (This is not a remix! This is a me mix!) Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (It's all me!!!) Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  [Verse 1: N.O.R.E.] (Sho) Yo N.O.R. I'm on the mound (Got Sho in the bullpen) It's Q.U. homey and we back on that bullshit (We now interrupt your regularly scheduled program for the dope man) For Lindsay Lohan, fuck soundscan number one on the coke scan (First week with the yay I pulled a Kanye) Yo Sho! It's your turn to show and prove (Yo N.O.R. I swear I'm a Youtube one of these dudes) (It's S.H.Ofiicial tissue barbershop's new topic your bosses new issue) N.O.R.E. been back in this game since mixtapes with Ron G. (See I) Stay on my B.I. (They tryin to set me up) Like them faggot ass feds did T.I. We set it off, niggas disappear (And kids get tooken like they Britney Spears, set it off [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! [Verse 2: Busta Rhymes] Put your money where your mouth is nigga Place a bet again, better put your money on the god I'm back to smash everything! Shakin up some shit and then erase you like an Etch-N-Sketch From the way we put it down and how I finish niggas effortless! ALWAYS been described as a beast, that you should never test And from the West to the East, you should decribe me as the very best That ever do it and said it and jump it off I'm sick with this Niggas already know just how we body chumps - RIDICULOUS [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] We set it off like alarms, set it off like a bomb Set it, I was calm before I set it like Saddam And you read it like a psalm in the Bible in Islamic That Koran what you nervous cause we wet it like a palm? We you sweatin like a can of Coke, bust ya in ya canteloupe Your brain in an antedote, runnin through my veins like an antelope  Runnin through the Serengeti plains Contemporary while I'm spittin legendary game [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (Cassidy) Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (YEAH! YEAH! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (Full Surface! Swizzy!) Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (Larceny Family!)  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! (The hustler's home!) [Verse 4: Cassidy] N.O.R.E. it's whatever dog you know I set it off Start poppin the desert off one shot and his head is off You know the feds involved when clappin the led involved But I'm marrying my gat I ain't callin the wedding off NAH!!! I'm not a clown I'll body you now I got the pound that'll spin your whole body around The ambulance will tell the dispatch a body is found And ain't no tellin when your body is found, MU'FUCKER!!!!! [Verse 5: Red Cafe] Uh! Let me set it off, let me set it off I'm a put in the work, you watch for the NARCs' I'm the Dopeman get at me, get at me I got D fo' real no "Laffy Taffy" Picture on mine get your shit rock (WHAT ELSE?) We don't fight over hoes like Kid Rock (WHAT ELSE?) I bang bang then I'm cool like Altoids In Brooklyn I'm the Cocaine Cowboy [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! [Outro: Swizz Beatz] Set it! Set! Set it! Set! Set it off! Set it! Set It off! Set it off! Set it! Set It off! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother set it off! Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off!  Set it off in this mother-mother-mother jump it off! [Outro: Swizz Beatz] Set it! Set! Set it! Set! Set it off! Set it! Set It off! Set it off! Set it! Set It off! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Brother Ali, Jean Grae, Talib Kweli Album: Farewell Summer EP Song: So Wrong Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] Come on, Talib Kweli y'all [Verse One: Talib Kweli] Cuttin niggas down like the amazon for posin like the cameras on And push it with Joell Ortiz gettin my spanish on Yo tego hombre we eatin money is Nathan's I'm freakin these congregations deep in their conversation With people facin Satan I bring 'em the word of God My observation disturbin my words to murder your squad I pull the trigger with my tongue  Grab the bible, like break 'em young Spit fire my brain is the bigger gun I'm from Brooklyn where I'm from we callin niggas son It's 'cause we shinin through the night break out the flashlights You must be on a sure flight 'cause you packed light Behave man I beat cavemen with stalag mics Get up to fight you too tired for another round They say I'm worshippin the devil 'cause I run this town Now let me run it down and raise the steaks like a boarderhouse With one fourth of the Slaughterhouse [Verse Two: Joell Ortiz] The most esquisite so gifted more like a wizard I spit it a frigid blizzard of lyrics what I exhibit To finish you little midgets a minute you'll all diminish For mimickin my image I'm the sickest nigga forget it You'll never be near as clever or better  Every letter will sever your metal or medulla whatever You fellas are feathers don't measure up well with a heavy medicine pedal A incredible Pelle leather rockin hip hop federal Better off servin 'em every word got a purpose murderous verses Emergin beneath the surface like volcanos I burn Every person on earth should be nervous become service and worship The permanently perfect version of Merciless Copernicus I was simple as stars an astronomer  Found my bars a kilometer off to mars the odometer  A phenomenon no common dynamotor able to monitor  My temperature will pressure and crush your thermometor OWWWW!!!!! [Chorus: Brother Ali] Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone, y'all don't hear me though Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone [Verse Three: Brother Ali] UH! I finally figured the competition On a mission to gimme a pot to piss in I work hard play harder than hard decisions Facin all like a head on car collision Dig it, 'bout to forgive y'all what y'all been missin Somethin crispy for ya listenin organism Awww shit God forbid your my opposition All that's sure 'gon get you a heart condition Pimpin, the plot thickens  The shot that you kick a make your balls like rock while your feet get lost Get dropped on your seat, exhausted by the heat Then tossed in the meat grinder grind to the beat UH! Two thousand and ten I'm in house again Straight six PM and ain't about to bend Close your eyes and count to ten Get that mic out your hand we don't know where your mouth has been Street feeder, a street preacher Key note keepin peace keeper, elite UH! True believer few G's can keep up Don't! Need your critique or your halftime speech neither Emcee phoenix sweet Jesus retreat it Wouldn't believe it, if indeed they don't see it They take the chief cheeba chief it, try to sneak a peek Into the recess is of my deep seeded genius [Chorus: Brother Ali] Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone, y'all don't hear me though Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone [Verse Four: Jean Grae] Greasy slick talker, pick head picker Shit sparker the lit bender the big sister Face puncher when your bass jumpin off a cliff The race mix face morphin pick pain off your chick Lips spittin webs like Kris and Parker Peter pardon, flip junk and just to boost the whips magnetism The vast magnum hitter, grown woman Don't start a black woman on some no he didn't No prison goin no vixen roll playin sista No gold digger, ho shit I'm a boulder brass a ceremonious master Second to only have to wait, NO BITCH!!!! Oppose that the cold facts hard one simultaneously With the bars will get you bar none proof I'm amazin, group spontaneous to burst  And I lay in a verse, upon namin me to birth They just placed me in the booth and I said (JEAN!!!) Yeah I was talkin I was walkin on the first day and you wasn't? Second day sparkin in the cot with my cousin Three, four parkin in the lot playin dozens Five on the block y'all be huggin Six doin shots of the licks trippin buzzin Seventh I rested, I wasn't exhausted I was takin a break so you can go and do your shit [Chorus: Brother Ali] Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone, y'all don't hear me though Been tellin me that I'm so wrong Kickin through like a rollin stone I built this buildin all on my own I'm at home on this microphone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth f/ Talib Kweli Album: Soul Survivor 2 Song: Fly Till I Die Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Talib Kweli] It's Talib Kweli in the place to be Brooklyn Most definitely yaknowhatImsayin Mount Vernon And Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth (true) the brothers who brought ya Escapism, Return Of The Mecca, Straighten It Out, The Creators Yeah right about now we about to make history [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] The track make you nod like smack through the needle Niggaz don't sell crack is they evil America's build on the backs of my people Cats say they packin' the heat but they actin' like Chino Cause when it's time to bounce it back they fall back in the field though I went from crashin' the beat in the passenger seat Drivin' like many straight trees don't even mix coke with the henney Flow with so many styles ladies open all night like Denis 24 hours party people soakin' in the Remy and Cris' The video is directed by Benny and Chris Treat a pager like a website with plenty of hits I tell 'em this: you gotta be at least a dime for a piece of mind I deal with porters and keys just like the leachious mind I like mature girls just now reachin' they prime Know how to conversate to the man and don't eat no swine If you ready to roll than we can rock shit My niggaz so cold we hot [Chorus: C.L. Smooth] Pete Rock murderville keep the joint on smash See the don come through enough bray that cash Talib Kweli he can speak to the mass Why the great minds think alike cause we keepin' it fly See we keepin' it fly till the day I die, and you can't deny Son we keepin' it fly how we keepin' this fly Better master your eye cause we keepin' it fly Bring it back to life [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Psychedelic we sell it and niggaz jealous fellows Go get your hate up get your weight up I'm tellin' you straight up You need to turn that frown upside down you use less muscles The smile is easier than it sound, it's true Lookin' all crooked I be tellin' these dudes They should Straighten It Out on a Pete Rock track like C.L. Smooth See we livin' in the Matrix way before the movie Kids fiend before the camera screaming; just shoot me Now they scream a million miles away from the sun But you still feel the heat when we packed us the way of the gun Like tape digs raise kids to escape the slave ships Instead they wanna pump weights not the state Better exercise take from work the rest get left inside And whips chicks and kicks money we specialize I be the respirator so hip hop is kept alive So many niggaz buggin' me I need a fuckin' pesticide [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] You put light back to life cause these rappers ain't actin' right Thinkin' they cut like Mack the knife, rap the fight Battle right through the afterlife Cause when you die make you look way past the life And high sight I drop the type of rhyme To give the blind sight, sparkle a shine bright like lemonlime Sprite up in the limelight, yeah As we still at the track you feel it when the chorus tack You deal it twist a cap back with a skillet official would kill it This is fake the way we sill it as the great Pete Rock and Kweli Got Pete to make you chicks knees knock to Pete Rock my life It's the soundtrack other niggaz sound wack Like white kids tryin' to sound black I spit on mics wet up the essence where L drowned at This Guerilla Monsoon Rap first comb rap Soon rap come through a crossroads, and all these lost souls Will stand out with stress signals like morse code The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//peterock/lostdeda/ladies.rck.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//peterock/lostdeda/ladies.rck.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Internal Affairs Song: The Truth Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Pharoahe Monch] Yo Truth had me up against the ropes  and semi-concious without no boxing skills Fear of it makes hair on my neck grow like minoxodil Watchin the clock is ill when, faced wit the truth Parallels observing, amateur video tapes of Twenty-one top notch NYPD cops get ill Fill they minds not to kill still son, never revealed True feelings, we speakin on the truth right now in itself is healing See The Creator, created existence and balance At right angles, unless it was conceived and stated So whoever shall stray away from right lives wrong The deliverance of the word false opposite of truth off course Sure as my slave name sending Troy Donald Jamerson paves the path, enabling truth To stay stable and cling to EARTH! Sorta similar to the way static electricity sting see Truth brings light, light refracts off the mirror Visions of yourself and error could never clearer The truth is that you ugly, not on the outside But in the inside on the outside you frontin you lovely The discovery of these things and all are well-hidden But when you in denial of self it is forbidden, that's the truth [Female singer] In due time we will find [Common] *speaking behind vocals* See it everywhere, gotta recognize it Let the truth be told from young souls that become old >From days spent in the jungle, where must one go To find it, time is real, we can't rewind it Out of everybody I met, who told the truth? Time did We find kids speakin cuz it's naturally in us But the false prophets by tellin us we born sinners Venders of hate, got me battlin my own mind state At a divine rate, I ain't in this just to rhyme great See the truth in the thighs of a stripper, the eyes of my nigga If it's only one, then why should it differ So constantly I seek it Wonderin why I gotta drink a six pack to speak it Took a picture of the truth and tried to develop it Had proof, it was only recognized by the intelligent Took the negative and positive, cuz niggas got to live Said I got to get more than I'm given Cuz truth'll never be heard in religion After searchin the world, on the inside what was hidden It was the truth [Female singer] Truth, truth, truth, truth, truth, truth In due time, we will find [Talib Kweli] Check it, on my neck I still got marks from the nooses The truth it produces, fear that got niggas on the run like Carl Lewis The truth is my crew is the smoothest bits of saliva juices like the roots is More organic than acoustics Heavenly ? set you free and kill you in the same breath That shit you gotta get off your chest before your death, unless The way you speak is lighter than a pamphlet Cuz the truth give the words away to the planet goddammit I ran wit what God planted in my heart and I understand it To be the bring the light to the dark, breathe some life in this art This must be the truth (why?) cuz we keep marchin on (true) The truth lay the foundation of what we rockin on (true) You can't see it if you blind but we will always prevail (true) Life is like the open sea, the truth is the wind in our sail And in the end, our names is on the lips of dying men If ever crushed in the earth, we always rise again When the words of lying men sound lush like the sound of a violin The truth is there, it's just the heart you gotta find it in [Female singer] You will find (7x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Planet Asia f/ Talib Kweli Album: Don't Let Up 12" Song: Don't Let Up Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Talib Kweli] *imitating Samuel L. Jackson in "Pulp Fiction"* Yeah, we gon' be a bunch of little Fonzi's And y'all all know what Fonzi was...cool That's right (set it off) [Talib Kweli, Planet Asia] We in the air like natural and mystic Or smoke when the spliff's lit Don't bitch if you get your shit split Cuz you Limp like Bizkit   Spit and focus, formats my motto   In minutes and in precice, this is vintage   Y'all know it only takes a second for mics to get blown You nice, you get known Hear me twice it's the clone ass nigga wit no life of his own   This is it, as Planet sets flames to the journal in your section   Wit Kweli from Reflection Eternal Big up my nigga Hi-Tek steady rockin the spot These niggas styles so dead that they startin to rot    We got the market on stock    Wit hot drops and big bookings    How we leave shows shooken up from Fresno to Brooklyn New York City cost of livin, type high We type fly, roll a white guy Light it up like Manhattan in the night sky    Word, and it's no Mister Nice Guy    Show you how we slice pies    Divided in between the scheme of nighttime [Chorus--Planet Asia, Talib Kweli] "Don't let up" We keep it movin with the movement Beats by my brethren, 427 "Don't let up"   Keep on making the street songs with the beat strong   Each one, we gotta teach one "Don't let up" It's Planet Asia and Talib Kweli Shoutouts to J-F, my click, and that nigga JOEY T.!!! "Don't let up"   Blackstar to Cali Agents, these cats are amazing   Most rappers are foul and flagrant [Planet Asia] I keep rhymes on floss, retardedly smart Wit fine-printed sheets folded A book of such pages, a nine inch octavolts It's cultural warfare where shots fire rapidly Cats plastically resign drastically C'mon, up in the house you got the mic Veteran slight, better than all your favorite rappers Guess I'm about to make some cheddar Than y'all, should fall abrupt Once the measuring starts I spit bars in twenty-fours and cut vocals without editing I'm long-winded, styles intrigue through these vaccuum lungs Althought my family be toking major trees My performance forever powerful These beats got me spittin Frank Sinatra's And wilding out on bank accountants It's chronic slaughter, ionic orders doric Now dine a novel to the face, I lace cats with the prehistoric Medicinal metaphoric assorted for clientele My whole crew circulating just like Japanese tourists And I clap MC's flawless Know what I'm sayin?  I stays blunted with about a hundred thousand choruses And crush mode, baby up those stats I used to bust flows back in the day I'll probably rush you Like fuck those raps! Pitch black, spittin at the park Seventy, perform the benches, triple-loaded in the dark I started noticing my glow in the dark was right From then on, I was always able to rock the mic unordinary from yours Legendary till you bury the sword Marry ya broad, scary how I carry the gorge Of every applaud, I'm heavy like a 70's Ford For the cheddy and I'm ready and raw [Chorus--Talib Kweli, Planet Asia] "Don't let up" Killin the track, chill in the back Until it's time to hit the stage and begin healing the raps "Don't let up"   We all inside of the place   With big bitches, step to this and end up dividing the cake "Don't let up" You gotta hear us, so we slow it up Let me see your fist, throw it up, every spot we blow it up "Don't let up"   We keep it movin with the movement   Beats by my brethren, 427 [Talib Kweli] My man Planet Asia already broke down the science to my name I speak to the silent and the tame And the violent in the brain I'm the pilot in the plane I'm still Soundbombing shit Dominant when I be flowin Cats get broken like promises Fuck the politics, my partnership with artists who Put their heart in it, that's why my crew spit the hardest shit For the art of it, we start the shit and get it HYPE Cuz hearing me and this man here rock together, yo it's like Mixing Northern Lights from the Bay With Yard weed from Jamaica Or the best from the Knicks with the best of the Lakers We the creators, never the imitators of the slave traders All y'all niggas is just cartoons put to music like Fantasia From the planet of Brooklyn to Planet Asia I'll pull your card, I'm all around, I see your hand plus I'll raise ya Like children, just for the sake of smacking you when you outta place You don't get hits, niggas make errors, try to run home You out at the plate (YOU'RE OUT!) I make wack niggas light my L then I put it out on they face From New York to California, I'll run you all out of the state Of mind you currently residin in The difference is you try to win You believe what they sayin, you on your knees like you prayin You ain't got to sweat the ice and money, they know people promise me With one rhyme I probably could break down your whole psychology Niggas is Hollywood like the church of Scientology If I drop African thought They probably would lie and say it's Greek philosophy [Chorus--Planet Asia, Talib Kweli] "Don't let up" Get rowdy if ya feelin it We all about killin it Ya feelin it? Well get with it then "Don't let up"   Killlin the track, chill in back   Till it's time to hit the stage and bring healing to rap "Don't let up" We still down for the cause With or without fame, stickin to the old school laws "Don't let up"   You gotta hear us, so we slow it up   Let me see your fist, throw it up, every spot we blow it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Procussions f/ Talib Kweli Album: 5 Sparrows for Two Cents Song: Miss January Typed by: JOEbear2500@aol.com Hook: I had to say goodbye to Miss January She had a hold on my mind for so long and I learned a lesson in life from Miss January The weight left on my heart is less heavy  When the first light shines, the first light shines in June [Talib Kweli] I thought I fell in love once with a girl who loves blunts And got fronts and she made me rise above lust I thought I fell in love again with this one chick Body so thick it was hard not to.... I fell in love just one more time after that Shorty had me ready to settle down and make a habitat The sad fact is I wasn't ready too Give up my freedom And so I let them go pretending that I don't need em So here I sit at the bar amongst the star gazers Caught in the crosshairs a target of the heart breaker The radio was playing Neither One of Us By Gladys, it's so ironic I chuckled .... I reminisce on all the chicks that I ran thru Now I'm dealing with this black magic one, man who Stringing me along like the guitar that I'm rapping on I ain't do the math, a Libra and a Capricorn Hook: [Stro and Rez] I had to say goodbye to Miss January She had a hold on my mind for so long and I learned a lesson in life from Miss January The weight left on my heart is less heavy  When the first light shines, the first light shines in June [J. Medeiros] True love got the power to change any circumstance I knew we were far from the same, but still I took a chance Wish I could have look in advance to your advances Knowing I'm the book that you read to your advantage I understand it's not like we planned it with the worst intentions Taken advantage, I was stranded in your first impressions I know it hurts to question, what will be a curse or blessin' I guess it's worth confessin', maybe then we'll learn our lesson Searching for your attention, hoping you were doing the same Pursuing the fame, knowing that only you were entertained Using me, and I was new to the pain Cause rejection I hadn't meet him, but I knew him by name True I grew from the pain, in the days where I'd pay anything Standing there like John Cusack from Say Anything  Planning on you to call back but it never rings There were so many things, there were so many signs And now I'm chasing wings knowing it's a waste of time Untill my God reminds me of what I truly need  I take a look behind just before your beauty leaves To get a glimpse of you hoping that you see me too And know we staring at two people that we never knew And probably never know, hoping I'll forever grow  Into the one who finally gained the strength to let you go You changed my ides of what true love is I wipe my eyes clear and rise above this Hook: I had to say goodbye to Miss January She had a hold on my mind for so long and I learned a lesson in life from Miss January The weight left on my heart is less heavy  When the first light shines, the first light shines in June The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rhymefest f/ Talib Kweli Album: Mark Ronson Presents: Man in the Mirror Song: Never Can Say Goodbye Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Rhymefest] El Che is comin! Uh Plug City! Yeah The Best Kept Secret Talib Kweli! Elido, elido Uh, yeah, yo, uh, come on They say that there's some things you should never say (never say) Cause you don't wanna offend and push people away So we all just pretend like we with it If you smokin, let me hit it, I admit it, I done did it I done followed some dudes on some dumb shit until some dumber shit Until the cops *siren* and they was runnin quick Son of bitch, supposed to be gangster, holdin a hundred clips With a ton of bricks up in jail straight runnin shit But if the people knew the facts about it they would laugh about it Police searched your car and only got two bags up out it But how you yap about it, glorify and brag about it I done thought you'd be so rich you wouldn't have to rap about it Yesterday is history, tomorrow's a mystery So all we got is the present and that's a gift to me Literally, I was on the block, had an epiphany Stop servin, take your ass home where your kids should be But some of us... [Singer] Never can say goodbye, no, no, n-no, no Never can say goodbye... [Talib Kweli] Niggas acting mannish, outlandish and so again Before the get-go at the disco they panic, I take advantage Of the opportunities that I'm handed before they vanish Yeah your man is so hungry I'm famished, excuse my manners As I cruise the blue of Atlantic waters within the borders Of a foreign country standin on corners Before the money for performance, fed my son and my daughter Before the gas and running water, no I couldn't afford a Automobile no, a train or bus ticket, wasn't a one to fly Look my kids straight in the eye, never can say goodbye Later played a fly on the wall, side of the halls in the industry Decided to tour, quite consistently Tear into the mic every night like a Grizzly Bear Rippin into a fish, I spit it viciously These rap niggas is more punk to say it vicious B All them niggas from Harlem New York, the kids be missin me The world is my home, but shit I still love New York too The beat is my therapist, I need someone to talk to Every city I walk through, they can speak Chinese, English or Spanish I pull out the cash, they understand it Any country on this planet, I guarantee got fans of Kweli I do damage then they hand me her feet Proceed to flip it, won't get into specifics The how's, what's, when's and why's Lets just say I can't say goodbye [Singer] Never can say goodbye, no, no, n-no, no Never can say goodbye... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robert Glasper Experiment f/ Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) Album: Black Radio Song: Black Radio Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Experiment, Black, Radio} [Yasiin Bey] Radio, sucka never play me Triple shade of black that my bleach should never 'fraid me They say he crazy, New York raised him in the 80s' Kill the Koch administration, gangster renovation Born in isolation-ation, +Ill Communication+-ation Ma Bell fiber optic, presidential microscopic Soul sonic remedy, clinic right industry Operating in the dark, surgery your wounded heart Come together, peel apart, peel apart, come together Smokin on something good, prayin for something better From out of better, never rockin for forever-eva-eva-eva-eva Forever-eva-eva, it's still a secret Even when you tell 'em dumb dummies Hush money, rent receipt and drug money They cold gutta, want gun money The chief rocka, fuel injected, Zulu horse proper, love Boogie Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey BEY! ...Bey, Bey, Bey, Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey  Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey Bey BEY~! Ha, you rockin Yes, you are rockin with the fresh, you are rockin with the Def You are rockin with the best, you are rockin with the yes Now you are rockin with the fresh You rockin with the Def, you are rockin with the fresh It's the yes, you are rockin with the best, you are rockin with the fresh You are rockin with the Def, you are rockin with the yes Now you are rockin with the best You're rockin with the fresh, you are rockin with the Def It's the YES! Zulu... Big bird flying down on a mountain pass Only thing to survive the crash, Black Radio You wanna fly free, go FAR and fast Built to last, we made this craft, from Black Radio Black Radio, Black Ra-ei-i-i-i-AH-dio-oh-ohhhhhhhhhh.... Black Ra-ieie-yaieie-yaieie-dio-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohhh.... OH! Black Ra-ei-ie-ie-YA-DIO-oh-oh-oh-ohh-oh-ohhhhh.... Black Ra-ieie-yaieie-yaieie-dio-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOA~! HA! You're rockin Yes, you are rockin with the fresh, you are rockin with the Def You are rockin with the best, you are rockin with the fresh Now you are rockin with the best You rockin with the Def, you are rockin with the fresh It's the yes, you are rockin with the fresh, you are rockin with the Def You are rockin with the best, you are rockin with the fresh Now you are rockin with the Def You're rockin with the best, you are rockin with the fresh It's the YES! You're rockin with the best, you're rockin with the Def You're rockin with the best, YOU ARE rockin with the best Now you are rockin with the best You're rockin with the Def, you are rockin with the fresh It's the YES! YES! YEA-EA-EA-AH Yea-aaaaaaaaaaaah... YES!!! Zulu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Mos Def Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Double Trouble Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * about 35 seconds of ad libs * [Black Thought] We go wow, ba-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall, just sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Runnin one on one and only hip-hop bound Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [Black Thought] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) Well it's like smack the track up and leave dents in it The vocalist, bustin this blunt, instrument spit The magnificent, rapper's run from it All fly girls, nipples and toes, numb from it MC's in my circumference, is confronted son Get your growth stunted from this, you don't want it (What nigga?) The Black Thought and M-O-S Def done it Who the ultimate? Yo my man speak upon it [Mos Def] Aiyyo I stop fools and drop jewels but never run it Rock mics so nice I make you stock price plummet All you high noon riders better rally at the summit It's me and Tariq and your fleet outnumbered Cross the membrane barkin big game and get hunted Eyewitness account, say it happened so sudden Just slid off to the side, didn't really say nuttin Then BLAOW, blew away the 1900th [Black Thought] You better get your rest cause the next day comin Oh yes, and MC's they scared to say sum'tin Stop frontin, I'm in the cut just onlookin Your get your kings, your rooks, rings and pawns tooken [Mos Def] Aiyyo, keep your tape rollin so you catch every bar of the Black Thought and the black man from Black Star Illadelph and Vietnam we conference, accomplish Even with stakes inclined, I get mine, regardless [Black Thought] Yo, a lot of Smurfette MC's carry purses And rock, uniforms, that's made for nurses I burst your verses, your words is worthless Only touchin surface, the FUCK's the purpose? [Mos Def] I shot the sherriff, the deputy, and head of bank treasury So mounties in the county got a BIG bounty stressin me But tell 'em to hold off, they too short to measure me Mos and Black Thought blast forth with the weaponry [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Yeah, now check your stove top before you take a listen And make sure beans don't burn in the kitchen These gassed-up niggaz just ain't fuel efficient I play the winter breeze to choke hold your piston (eh-eh-eh-eh) Now you niggaz can't make pole position Class E chassis can't hold the transmission Crew pit, useless, they got they tools missin Watch me, grand prix, champy for wealth driven [Black Thought] Yo, you go one for my hustle (hustle) Two to rock rhyme (two to rock rhyme) From the muscle kid I'm one of the illets of all time I swing from chandeliers and wall climb And specialize in warfares of all kind A lot of MC's said I'm a run it down rhyme But half the time, they run it down one of mine Thought suffocatin em with yet another stunnin line You dumb and blind kid, it's enlarged and underlined [Mos Def] What I memorized leave your whole staff pressurized Melt down all of your artificial lies Y'all niggaz is faker than Yellow No. 5 Swine like mono and diglyceride My vocals got texture, you just texturized I'm nicer than your writtens even when I'm improvised Step into my zone get flown like fly by the b-boy Lazarus who just won't die [Black Thought] Yo, me and Kamal and Leanord Hubbard, ?uestlove and Malik We go back to dollar hoagies and Tahitian Treat Or like toast in the oven with government cheese bubblin Me and Dante like Marvin, The Troublemen travellin Give me the mic, we on that again b-boy business, off the top actin and battlin Servin them cats that forgot But don't get too close, because you might get shot [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) We go blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Went from _Do You Want More?!??!!_ to what you want now? [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Say here's a little story that must be told About two young brothers who got so much soul They takin total control, of the body and brain Flyin high in the sky, on a lyrical plane It's just two bad brothers who will never quit Mos Def and Tariq from the 2-1-5th They rock beginnin to end, on a spiritual blend And everybody who forgot then baby tell em again It's just me and Tariq, with Ahmir on the beat The Roots crew baby yo we got to make it unique We got the soul-shockinest, body-rockinest Non-stoppinest, _Fortified Live_ survive the apocalypse Rhymes we say, the perfect blend Because we know how to rock when the beat come in Like zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen, ZEN zen ZEN zen Here we go, here we here we here we go Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Let the poppers pop, and the breakers break Then zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Two years ago, a friend of mine Zen zen, ZEN zen, zen-zen zen-zen... *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, P.O.R.N., Talib Kweli Album: Rising Down Song: I Will Not Apologize Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com  [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] (I will not apologize) I will not apologize (I will not apologize) I will not apologize This is for all of my peoples who understand and truly recognize Some won't get it for that I won't  (I will not apologize) I will not apologize (I will not apologize) I will not apologize This is for all of my peoples who understand and truly recognize Some won't get it for that I won't apologize [P.O.R.N.] I'm so sick cause I'm infected but but I don't need a medic  Need a liquid anesthetic, let me show you how I get it  I don't got it but I bet it, I don't worry, I don't sweat it  You can bitch, you can dead it, you can take it there like FedEx Nothing sweet diabetic, big dog can't pet it Pack an L then I wet it then I fill it till it's pregnant  (Take the high back) face it everybody got a favorite  I embrace it like I date it but my grandma think I chase it  (Like oh yeah) I told her that her baby moving slower  Cuz the world is on his shoulders then I woke up out that coma  (And got right back) at it with a little black 'matic Lay you down craft-matic, then I'm gone, black magic  (To the hideout) you don't want to gamble with the devil Especially when them chewy blueys got me on another level  Cuz my teacher think I'm slow but my momma think I'm special  But even she know I'm coming back like an echo. [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] [Dice Raw] For the statements I'm about to make I will not apologize  Niggas talk a lot of shit, really need to stop the lies  Jewels rented, cars rented, homie that ain't authentic Acting tough on TV but to me you seem a little timid Don't blame the nigga, blame America, it's all business Acting like a monkey is the only way to sell tickets  Shit I can dig it, niggas gossip silly digits White kids buy it, it's a riot when we talking about pimping Or sipping on old English brew or whatever they think we do  Spraying double Uzis cuz you know they think we live in zoos The problem is with this everyone seems to be real confused The niggas on the streets to the old people that watch the news And watch BET and the crazy shit they see They associate with you do the same shit to me When you look at me you see just a nigga from the projects  But can't understand this nigga's mind set but still [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] [Black Thought] Yo, a revolution's what it's smelling like, it ain't going be televised Governments is hellified, taking cake and selling pies I ain't got a crust or crumb, to get some I'd be well obliged  Murder is comodified, felon for the second time Never was I into chasing trouble I was followed by Facing trouble with no alibi, had to swallow pride  Vilified, victimized, penalized, criticized Ran into some people that's surprised I was still alive Look into my daughter's eyes, wonder how can I provide Got to get from A to B but how can I afford to drive?  Messed around, tried to get a job and wasn't qualified Had to see a pal of mine, got to get the lightning rod Now I'm in the black Impala looking for the dollar sign  Palms get the itching man I got to get the calamine Before I fall behind, guess the grind will be my 9 to 5 I will not be conquered by, I will not apologize [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Mos Def, Styles P Album: Rising Down Song: Rising Down Typed by: jefff.petty@gmail.com Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... [Mos Def] Every anywhere heights plains peaks or valleys Entrances exits vestibules and alleys Winding roads that test the firm nerve Fortune or fatal behind the blind curve The engine oil purr, lights flash to a blur Speed work through the earth make your motor go scurrr Tonight at noon watch a bad moon rising Identities in crisis and conflict diamonds Blinding staring at lights 'til they cryin' Bone gristle popping from continuous grindin Grapes of wrath in a shapely glass Ingredients influential on your ways and acts Zero tolerance to raise the tax It don't matter how your gates is latched You ain't safe from the danger jack Made it way before they made the map Or a GPS this is DEF leader [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... Shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Black Thought] Between the greenhouse gases and earth spinnin off its axis Got mother nature doin back flips The natural disasters It's like 80 degrees in Alaska You in trouble if you not an Onasis It ain't hard to tell that the conditions is drastic Just turn on the telly check for the news flashin How you want it bagged, paper or plastic? Lost in translation or just lost in traffic? Yo I don't wanna floss I done lost my passion And I ant trying to climb, Yo I lost my traction They makin' me break, my contents under pressure Do not shake, I'm workin while the boss relaxin Here come Mr. tax man, he leavin a fraction, give me back some Matter fact next pay check it's like that son I'll fuck around and have to hurt a few men They probably chalk it up as a disturbing new trend, Hello [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even the souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Styles P] Should I say hello or should I say that hell is low Am I nigga or a niggero? I'm an African American They sell drugs in the hood but the man, he move the medicine He'll prescribe you all-med for everything A little stuffy nose tell you get some Claritin You know I'm hip to it and its hard to claim the land When my great great great grands were shipped to it look at technology they call it downloading I call it downsizing somebody follow me Does a computer chip have an astrology And when it fuck up could it give you an apology (Could it?) Should it say hello or should it say goodbye Try to understand how smart and how hood am I It don't matter though Until we learn that the world don't turn right We all oughta the scatter though [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... You don't see that something's wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get god on the phone  Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots featuring Talib Kweli Album: Phrenology Song: Rhymes And Ammo (Remix) * Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, kill4747@Hotmail.com *The original shorter version can be found on Soundbombing III [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] Everybody on they jawns Cartoons is hardcore porn It ain't no afterschool paper routes, mowin lawns Kids got backpacks full of yayo and heron Coming to school shootin up the auditorium Aiyyo its anthrax maniacs on the TV The least of y'all worries should be Thought's CD The chairman of the board coppin twice weekly They done caught the minister with a pork B-L-T If my shit ain't hot, it probly try to drive me Psyhce, its somethin I can never let myself see Can't see, I'm thorough-bread, nothin fancy The maker, no matter what the circumstance be It's the principle, pillowcase full of nickel Smacked like I'm ?, leave him crippled Keep talkin greasey I'ma big lip you Aiyyo your man'll can get slid with you You and the squad takin to galoshes I hold the engineer for hostage and spit from a dirty cartridge It's L for whoever try to front on Thought's shit I'm sendin them goons to your mom's apartment Yo! [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] Aiyyo, countries at war, little kids cry rape Goddammit, the ghetto is a Planet Of The Apes Massive meltdown bringing the red tape The cinder blocks ?shoos? at the bottom of the lake I'm from the city of the sinners state of the art You should know book and the pen for making a mark I love the game clobber lane hit him with the gutter slang Your brother's insane but I'm another thang The track bang like your baby mother very hardly To put it to y'all chumps so corny My name: Black Thought the one person army All the intellectuals and the thugs adore me My lyrical range from complex to strange It's wrecking your brain when the rhymes ? to change Hip hop fiends tapping their arm to catch a vein MC's scared to death wishing I never came [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Talib Kweli] Kweli, sittin back in the cut like Reese (Come on!) In a constant peace, call me fantastic like I cut the grease Baracudas movin and canoein sippin amaretto I'm a ruler of my temple, what I do to instrumentals Instrumentals is the development of these niggas mentals Tears in your eyes like this moment is sentimental Your fundamentally floored, philosophically bored Disturbed like the eighth floor of your hospital ward You've GOT to appoint niggas to raise the bar (Yes) Muslims praise Allah, Christians praise the God Rastas, they say Jah They find a way to rhyme with the pallet like fine wine and make you say ahhh Guess who's back? The game needed improvement (Uh) Can't fit the bullshit no more, you sound stupid I'm a shark in the water with constant movement influenced by music since a truant yo This is how we do it yo [Chorus 2x: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} When I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} Lick a shot! {Blaow!} (Repeat 16x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Talib Kweli Album: Phrenology Song: Rolling with Heat Typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com [Chorus: Kweli & Dice Raw] Downtown everybody move to the beat Uptown everybody moving the heat Cross-town the party where both sides meet Eastside, westside, there's always beef X2 [Kweli] I tattoo the page with the permanent ink Mr. Rourke on your Fantasy Island The umbrella in your tropical drinks Still run it up it, liquor in your cup Fucking you up Hang over the banister You feel the rush of the blood going straight to your brain Ain't no love, you only love bringing hate to the game Taking my name in vain, mistaking license for freedom He make music for the people, people dying to meet him People! We still abuse it, while the rich is made of music He probably driving a Buick and be rocking van--- ? G-U-E relevant, see how his man do it Fucking with niggas from illa fifth, see how we ran through it The river in the valley The nigga in the alley Rolling with the heat from BK to killer Cali The hands will fake the clapping You'll be collasping You softer than the land on legs Transforming the landscape Like a sandstorm in the Sahara I am the truest nigga I do more shows than The Roots to Carol Lewis Creative artist, never play the targets of game hunters You may want to test this product like cane smugglers Dis disco shit Popping like Crisco Hitting your face Spit in your face like pistol shit My style, wild like wipple whip I go back like a pistol grip It's pro-black, Kweli! [Chorus] w/o Kweli [Black Thought] I'm a FED like Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Willy gank, spit the killer dank dialogue Pyro-maniac like Dr. Molotov I knock the bottle off And knock the model off Gots some non-believers here Some how I'll save y'all Or stop y'all worries, you makin me vexed Hit up gekko, this ain't got gold correct I'll fucking bounty hunt your body like I'm Boba Fett Cause you a toy not a soldier yet You better hold your neck You dick smokers get no respect With the blood, ice your watch, rock your rocks Better rock it on the screen and not the blocks Cuz them crews don't stop them shots It's so many that fly, they chase down, I just stop and watch I'm from the south side of philly, it's known to get gruesome Heavy hitter villians these alleyways produce them Heavy hitter on a pocket we find a way to juice them They may as well pay, schmuck Introducing the B-to L-A see me the king splitter Then analyze this dime, the main thing glitter Then analyze the taste in your mouth, it seem bitter Ganster, valid dick torian, graduate of I dare you If you are paper thin I'm a tear you I'm a come take care of you put a part in your hairdo You barking like I'm a starting to scare you But speak up like a man nigga so your body guards can hear you [Chorus] w/o Kweli The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Raekwon, Talib Kweli Album: The Album Song: Give Up Your Guns Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro Sample] When I woke up this morning I found myself alone I turned to touch her hair And she was gone, she was gone And there beside my pillow Were her tears from the night before She said give up your guns and face the law I robbed a bank in Tampa And I thought I had it made But the hounds picked up my trail within the glades So I ran  And I stumbled on this cabin And she came to me to me once more She said give up your guns She said give up your guns She said give up your guns And face the law [Royce Da 5'9"] This is a stick up, stick up Pistols will lift up, lift up If you don't get up, get up  Your hands Kwe tell 'em [Talib Kweli] Sucome to the violence And we get numb and get silent Get my gun into firing I'm never runnin' or hidin' [x2] Verse One [Royce Da 5'9"] About a hundred any minute bullets runnin' from the guns In front of any one of y'all youngins We ain't trippin in the winter Still killin' spring chickens We ain't slippin, we ain't sittin' You ain't listen this is me Bitch this Is Nickel bitch I'm G With my nigga Kweli Get back gettin' stacks since 03' No strings yo swing wack Spittin' crack makin' tracks Like a dope fiend oh Me and my team hot Dream team I done seen Obscene fiends seein'  Nigga whole backdrop Like a green screen stuck before its cream So they stuck him up in Sing Sing I know what you mean dog I been caught between walls I don't kill (I'm the boss) I just make Scream calls I don't aim I don't give a speech in the streets Like I'm livin' in the movie I just let the thing off Hittin' up my funds while I'm rippin up the slums With the only pistol left Cause they givin up they Guns Chorus: And now I'm in this cabin where my own true love should be Instead there lies a note she wrote to me And it said: though you can't live by the bullet But you sure as dead can die My love give up your guns or say goodbye Goodbye And the sheriff now is calling with a shotgun at my door Son Give up your guns And face the law [Royce Da 5'9"] This is a stick up, stick up Pistols will lift up, lift up If you don't get up, get up  Your hands Kwe tell 'em [Talib Kweli] Come to the violence And we get numb to get silent Get my gun into firing I'm never runnin' or hidin' [x2] [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] Hell naw my niggas don't make speeches Cause we ain't no fake preachers Or follow fake teachers Soon as the state releases  You from the bank You not a citizen You quickly learn the difference Between rights and privileges Nothin' like Deliverence Remember when Sai got shot? Yo it was winter he layed on the ice shiverin' Comfortably numb He was killed for being hungry and young Violently is how the company run They dump in the slum See the flashing lights and the gun At the end of the tunnel no rebuttal to run The blood is the sum of the equation When you add up the factors The splatters attractive Life don't matter to rappers So we glorify and glamorize Talk about our plans to die And learn to always stay inside the motherfuckin' camera's eye Get my good side, murder is so sexy But the hood cried every time one of us would die [Verse Three: Raekwon] Give up my guns never you crazy? I'm all blazey  All 80 fly out Put you right out lets try it out Save the babies  Bressed to impress Blow a hole in your vest With suitcase money I roll up the stretch High powered 9's Mausbergs Squeeze faster than new V's Fresh new bags of bullets or bean Got my paper poppin' and plottin' I blow a hole right through your stocking Come out your back and scratch up your lockin' We real killas and don dons Pop through the vagabond tons  Boulevards where niggas will pull a card Wrong songs don't play me lady killas Baby guerrillas with hate feelings That'll spray up the ceilings The best ninjas in the business Mind your business  Staten judicious Malicious team we live in the kitchens And dis niggas go the fuck home Bring better biscuits Come to the rally and flash if you with this [Outro: Raekwon] I'm not playin'. We shoot niggas. All day. Keep them hollows nigga. They got new little guns. New little joints with long baby missiles in it. Them the joints we play with nigga. The Einsteins is on nigga. Hard bottoms in the hoodie. Ice Water nigga. Word up. General Shala Raekwon. All day e'day. A professional. Yeah. Get that money niggas. Don't never give up them guns. You stupid? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jill Scott f/ Mos Def Album: Who is Jill Scott? Song: Love Rain (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com 1 - [Jill Scott]  Love rain down on me, on me, down on me Repeat 1 (3x) Met him on a Thursday, sunny afternoon Cumulus clouds, 84 degrees He was brown, deep Said he wanted to talk about my mission Listen to my past lives. (Word?) Took me on long walks to places where butterflies rest easy Talked about Moses and Mumia Reparations, blue colors, memories of shell-topped Adidas He was fresh, like summer peaches Sweet on my mind like block parties and penny candy Us was nice and warm, no jacket, no umbrella, just warm At night we would watch the stars And he would physically give me each and every one I felt like cayenne pepper, red, hot, spicy I felt dizzy and so near heaven and miles between my thighs Better than love, we made delicious He me had, had me he He had me tongue tied I could hear his rhythm in my thoughts I was his sharp, his horn section His boom and his bip And he was my love Repeat 1 The rain was fallin' and, and slowly and sweetly and stinging my eyes And I could not see that he became my voodoo priest And I was his faithful concubine Wide open, wide, loose like bowels after collard greens The mistake was made Love slipped from my lips Dripped down my chin and landed in his lap And us became new Now me non-clarivoyant and in love Made the coochie easy and the obvious invisible The rain was falling And I couldn't see the season changing And the vibe slipping off it's axis Our beautiful melody became wildly staccato (Repeat 1 in background) The rain was falling and I could not see That I was to be plowed and sowed and fertilized And left to drown in his sunny afternoon Cumulus clouds, 84 degrees, melody (Repeat 1 (2x) in background) [Mos Def] I stretched my arms towards the sky like blades of tall grass The sun beat between my shoulders like carnival drums I sat still in hopes that it would help my wings grow So then I could really be fly And then she arrived Like day break inside a railway tunnel Like the new moon, like a diamond in the mines Like high noon to a drunkard, sudden She made my heart beat in a now-now time signature Her skinny canvas for ultraviolet brushstrokes She was the sun's painting She was a deep cognac color Her eyes sparkled like lights along the new city She lips pursed as if her breath was too sweet And full for her mouth to hold I said, "You are the beautiful, mistress of mathematics." I said, "For you, I would peel open the clouds like new fruit And give you lightning and thunder as a dowry I would make the sky shed all of it's stars like rain And I would clasp the constellations across your waist And I would make the heavens your cape And they would be pleased to cover you They would be pleased to cover you May I please, cover you, please" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jill Scott f/ Mos Def Album: Who Is Jill Scott? Song: Love Rain Head Nod Remix Typed by: MosDefAngel@yahoo.com [Mos Def] There was this daddy long leg spider  Who spun his lyrics between the trees And she was the fly girl who didn't see the web And this is the story [Jill and Mos] Love(love rain)rain(a rain down)down (Said what you say i say love)love(love rain)rain (A rain down)down(I said what you say I say love)love (a love rain)rain(a rain down)down(I say what you say) (Brand new and live from Jill Scott) (Making the ghetto feel hot and say what you say) (let'em know) [Jill] Met him on a Thursday sunny afternoon cumulus clouds 84 degrees he was brown Said he wanted to talk about my mission Listen to my past lives...Word! Took me on long walks to places where butterflies rest easy, talked about Moses and Mumia Reparations, blue colors and memories of the shell tops Aww yeah yeah he was fresh Like summer peaches sweet on my mind like block parties and penny candy oh oh Chorus [Jill] The rain was falling slowly and sweetly And stinging my eyes and I could not see that He became my voodoo priest and I his faithful concubine Oh oh oh oh (Mos chanting in African dialect) Wide open wide the mistake was made (Don't front, you know I got you open) Love slipped from my lips, dripped down my chin And landed in his lap and us became brand new And the sky was blue Chorus [Mos] It was half past dusk, you were rocking black musk When your chariot stop low I made the clock wind slow Grabbed my hips, curled a kiss across my lips  Like a whisper (damn) Blue Train title track playing on the system Listen "la da di da da" It's John C you hum the melody in pitch and on key You was my quiet storm water sign Pushed me to the borderline Love that rumbled all the time Kept my senses on the grind, sweeter than some foreign wine The original raw Branded sweet like a cinnamon straw You was my hardest distraction My bombest distraction, my deepest inspiration My heat, my frustration But you diff from before you wasn't rifting before "I want that old thing back" baby gimme some more When clouds huddle in the sky  And tears well in your eye just... [Jill and Mos] (Hold on to the moment love) yes, you broke me but I'm human (Even now that it's over love) (Remember how it was over love, how deep we was overcome)Mending myself, love concealing (Just remember the moment love, you ? then blow me up) The pain(just hold on to the moment love)love rain (Remember how we was over love?) love rain (Remember how we was overcome?) love rain Repeat Jill Scotts verse [Mos] Just hold on to the moment love I'ma do what I got to do At night I still get hot for you With this ? that I got for you Just remember the moment love Remember how we was over love Shouldn't that just be enough Shouldn't that just be enough [Jill] Yes, you broke me down [Mos] You got to rock with that You got to rock with that Jill Scott non stop with that Said you got to rock with that Make your shoulders neck back rock with that Said you got to rock with that Get up and do the diddly bop with that Said you got to rock with that Let it get up in your shoulders and bop with that Said you got to rock with that Get up in your necks and bounce with that Ha Ha Jill Scott and Mos Def Sssss..... Artist: Scritti Politti f/ Lee Majors (Bush Babees), Mos Def  Album: Tinseltown to the Boogiedown 12" Song: Tinseltown to the Boogiedown (Ali Shaheed Muhammad Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Time keeps slippin' [Verse One] [Lee Majors] Yeah, the only thing Major don't waste is time in bed My timin' is rare Take time Time to prepare No time for fear How many times I said it this year? At what time y'all gonna realize that time is near? Call a time out Scritti Politti Major climbed out The cracks of the streets  Waste no time on beats Mos Def  Most definitely  The rap chief The new release, time to make cream Time to take a piece And at the same time Time to rebuild Time is realer I swear I bring the Heat to tracks like Val Kilmer You know that time waits for no man, in time you'll see  That you wastin' all you time while you watching TV Aye yo it's 3D I'm on it like walls to graffiti From night sticks, to plungers, to NYPD From Lucille to BB King, you've seen me rhyme You stay away from drama if it's wasting your time [Chorus] [Lee Majors] The time tables keep turning (From Tinseltown) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Boogiedown) Won't holdin, won't hold Time, time keeps slipping Time tables keep turnin' (From Cali fly) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Do Or Die) Keep your future on hold, on hold Time keeps slippin' [Verse Two] [Mos Def] From Boogiedown to Tinseltown I had em' all gettin' down My baggage claim's got exotic names, I get around How I'm livin' now? Well that's a whole lot different now From where I'm sitting now Got a whole clearer vision now I played the tables hard, wild cards I was flipping down My partners sittin' pounds, somewhere up in prison now I'm flippin' high Things switch and change so suddenly You're where you're at today  When tomorrow is where you wanna be You company  Shift when you start livin' comfortably Spotlights switch and then you dip right from under me Don't front for me I want to be perfectly clear The time is here, I'm keepin' yesterday in the rear A current affair Mos Def and Lee Majors appear 'Bout to rock this little ditty with the Scritti in here And it's about that time, so if you could be then would you Sit back and look at who time's been good to [Chorus] [Lee Majors] The time tables keep turning (From Tinseltown) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Boogiedown) Won't holdin, won't hold Time, time keeps slipping Time tables keep turnin' (From Cali fly) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Do Or Die) Keep your future on hold, on hold Time keeps slippin' [Verse Three] [Lee Majors] At one time I thought I had it all Mass of broads Flash awards, cash cards, time's a double-edged sword One day you hear applause, next day when you leave You catch a L in and it seems like Christopher Reeves Do y'all believe that these cats threw dirt on my name? Give 'em time, they couldn't win if I gave 'em point game At times I used to swerve, now I'm learning my lane Trapped in time, what a shame, with nobody to blame [Mos Def] It waits for no one The fast and slow ones The rich and no funds The Samurais and Shoguns The first stringer and no run Ayo dunn You better hop to it or you blow son Cause time keeps slipping Make no difference if you don't come It's bein' well recorded how we sport it I advise we Get on our game and do our thang and spend these moments wisely It's time to make chase, give pace, no time to waste First you on, then you gone so long, you been replaced [Chorus] [Lee Majors] The time tables keep turning (From Tinseltown) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Boogiedown) Won't holdin, won't hold Time, time keeps slipping Time tables keep turnin' (From Cali fly) You've got the both ends burning up, they burnin' up And all the lies you been learnin' (To the Do Or Die) Keep your future on hold, on hold Time keeps slippin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Talib Kweli, Whip Montez Album: Chilltown, NY Song: Chillin' Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [sample] - I don't care! [Sermon] - Sermon.. [TKweli] - Ayo! [Sermon] - Talib Kweli, uh [TKweli] - Come on! [Sermon] - Whip [TKweli] - Jea! [Sermon] - Def Squad, uh, yeah, Brooklyn, Long Island, uh-huh, Red Hook what [TKweli] - Jea! [Sermon] - Hah, Chilltown.. [TKweli] - Let's go! [sample] - Once again, back is the incredible! [Erick Sermon] Yup, the rhyme animal, a different sample though I change the flow so it go with the music Yes, I'm doing this for y'all amusement This here's serious, look your reaction Kid, you ain't never seen Dubs in action, no A veteran, I flow like I'm young, what Yup, he sold more records, but son sucked! Call me washed up, yeah, talk about me I sound like me, you sound like Jay-Z Duke, speak breezy, I come and touch you Kid, I ain't never scared homey, I bone crush you Watch E do his thing if this don't work come back like boomerang Testing, microphones are o-o-on [car horn] I'm g-g-gone New York, stand up! (I don't care!) [Sermon's hook] Yeah, I'm on the block, man (chillin!) I'm parked by the Rucker park, I'm just (chillin!) Underground love my spot, I'm just (chillin!) I'm in the big truck so (I don't care!) Hah, I'm in the crib, man (chillin!) With Whip and my nigga Talib, we just (chillin!) It's like that, you know how it is, we just (chillin!) And I get the paper so (I don't care!) [Whip Montez] MC, and ma, people call me Whip I'm just (chillin) all alone, no one to be with, man I took long, but I'm finally here The most anticipated chick of the year, cheaugh I came to flip and reverse game every dude I touch get whipped lie my first name, and Although I'm prissy, don't get it confused I don't need to mess with you, I got plenty of dudes Got the caramel skin, on the parallel twin Heads keep turning like a carosel spins I know for a fact, these women are sick Cause these hos can't mess with this Dominican chick Got the flag on my arm, it proves I am the bomb All I do is speak Spanish and it works like a charm I been ready, cause I payed my dues Yo, this goes out to my Brooklyn crew Yo (I don't care) [Whip's hook] You might catch me on the train, OK, I'm just (chillin!) I ain't too big for the game, I'm just (chillin!) I got the whole Red Hook with me (chillin!) Roll through if you want, cause (I don't care!) Yo, Def Squad got the girl, and now I'm just (chillin!) I'm on the block, real tough, just (chillin!) Y'all non-rapping chicks can keep (chillin!) Talk if you want, cause (I don't care!) [Talib Kweli] Ayo, E is chillin! Kwe is chillin! Whip in the house, Brooklyn in the building Blood on the dance floor, sweat on the ceiling When you get that feeling that gun concealing is a hobby Nobody stealing shows like Kweli Working on a new project while you chillin in the lobby Keep it thorough, ain't real, guns don't kill People kill people, but the Sun don't chill But still, I stand cooler than a Minnesota winter Nigga, hotter than the blocks where guns bust over dinners Plus, all the sinners got dreams they running after Working a 9 to 5 now is like you hustling backwards That's why all these young girls in love with the rappers Basketball players, and up-and-coming actors Swimming with the sharks, and flirting with disaster When the things you own start owning you, they your master Yeah! (I don't care) [Kweli's hook] I got the yak in the back of the club, I'm just (chillin!) With Whip and my nigga E Dub, we just (chillin!) Nobody give a fuck about you, we (chillin!) But I smack the shit out you, like (I don't care!) So if you really want to know how it is, I'm just (chillin!) Like audio, (?)tune milk(?) and kids, we (chillin!) Material things that we shit, I'm just (chillin!) You brag what you got, but (I don't care!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ski Beatz f/ Jay Electronic, Jean Grae, Mos Def, Joell Ortiz Album: 24 Hour Karate School Song: Prowler 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: "The Last Dragon"] Welcome to my little party in your honor {*laughing*} The guest list has been compiled so that you go out in style {*laughing*} You don't mind if my friends introduce themselves, do you Leroy? Then let the games begin! [Jean Grae] Ha! Back up in the booth and my "V" is for Vendetta Fuck the last rhyme, to tell you the truth I got 10 better I bend letters over 'til they look like "n's" And then offend so many men with them, they look like fems I'm a feminine rebel, forever cleverer than your shit Never be level with niggaz' shit, my flow can float bitch Figure out the dosage to administer vaccines Sickness I invoke in close considered the Black Jean It's Blakroc, it's Blacksmith Miss Grae and I'm back, bitch Hulk-smash harass a motherfucker most passionate ... Fashion plate, magistrate Fascinating lady, grab your Vaseline and masturbate Emasculate your manhood, possibly damn good Dismantle all your posse turn them pussy with tan hoods Don't push me, I don't land good Liable to fly up off the handle like a pan would And "swoosh," hit. Mrs. Woods [Jay Electronica] Salt rivers flowing out my eyeballs Pierced side, broke legs, bearing my cross The old heads told me life wasn't a game But mine steady feeling like pinball, dodgeball Chasing freedom, establish a kingdom And build a stone castle out of thinwall, drywall I'm a keep going 'til God call or the sky fall Or they blast me on a grassy knoll and try to blame Oswald Average Joe Blow, mastering my mojo Cinder block, karate chop Practice in the dojo (uh) If it's so-so, I'll probably be a no show Shootin the willy bobo out on Nostrand with the po' folks (uh) Black dragon rap, flames out the nostrils From Crown Fried to Roscoes I'm spreading the gospel I overcame like the Saints done the Falcons Like Hoover did to Malcolm [Joell Ortiz] YAOWA! Y'all know what the fuck I do Bubble gum buster, so easy to fuckin chew Lyrics I blow bubbles to Unoriginal, it's easy to make another you Finding my telly keys the only way you'll get a W Niggaz ain't grizzly, y'all all soft and huggable I came up in the gutter, you came up like all the Huxtables You don't want me to black-belt-to-death you Karate chop your pops, Liu Kang kick your nephew HIYAOWA! To hell is where I send 'em Y'all just learned the art I been tighter than your denims I'll "Ryu" or "Ken" 'em I'm classic with the pen Give me five minutes I'll show you I'm deadly with the venom Poison with the darts See your boys be in the park My boy be in the park Yeah, annoyin all the narcs We two different types, see, you spit what you write What I spit is the truth and truth comes to the light [Mos Def] Bang bang, tobacco roller, smoke show, mofo sensei Blue cloak, red stripe, get right head shot Bass bang, necks crane, fresh construction when Ski percussion, black hour, bad Boogie Man Brought all my cousins again Sisters and brothers and 'em Bey's they center edge, overs and unders of them Ain't no fuckin with them Ain't nan suckers within Never closed, hella flows Ice cold, never froze Me and the exceptionals Too high to get over on A blue Jabbar, sittin 'til it's game point Pick and roll, give and go No ordinary miracle Freedom fighters' spiritual Eagle eye aerials Sun spot, mountain top Fresh water fountain drop Open our dreams Fresh green, quartz counter top The ashtray, that 3rd water Kings county rock Black heed powerhouse Can't shut the power out Tell 'em quit wildin out Show ya what I'm bout about Tune in, senator This how you turn a party out She get fresh, yes, to help her stretch your body out Get live and hurricane black don will air your body out Cash and carry then I'm outty out ONE! Center edge The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skillz f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: The Million Dollar Backpack Song: So Far So Good Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Skillz] Uh huh, yeah, uh, uh Whoo! It's beautiful music baby Huh, your boy Skillz, right My man Com from the Chi Kweli from the BK side Hip Hop to the day that we die So far so good with no endin in sight Lookin back on all the places I done been with this mic Let my teachers tell it, I was supposed to be a failure Let me tell it, I was supposed to be on stage in Australia Went from sittin on the curb with no gear to flaunt To havin gifts with the words, I make 'em do what I want And I'ma stay in the front, it's easy to the kid Y'all always in the back like Jeezy adlibs If you fail to prepare, you preparin to fail And it's hard to see a heaven when you livin in hell If you lookin at it different, you'll see a way out How you gon' see money? You can't see your way off your couch If opportunity comes, I'ma see what its bout You can see it in my swag, I done figured it out If you see doubt, I'm thinkin that y'all better re-route Cause I'ma walk these dogs till Mike Vick get out [Hook: Skillz] I'm thinkin I could take over the game, maybe I could They sayin I should change and maybe I should Baby girl I'd be with you if I could But I'm taking over the world and it's so far so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far, uh, so good Uh, so far so good! [Common] We've come so far, there's so far to go Vision of a mission, it seem impossible Precision of a Chicago street apostle flow Allowin me to go to places only God would know Travel the land, witnessin the battles of man Goin up stream with paddle in hand Young dreams to master a plan So I could make enough to hit my uncle Steve if he asks for a grand It's been a journey, as far as universal laws I'm the attorney, had to learn me Just to burn me up, holler to the world to turn me up As the game change y'all, I let my words re-up It was written on the walls that success is a process No matter how hard I fall I know it is some progress Notches of the ladder I climb, holdin a bottle of wine So many paths to take, I'm followin mine [Hook] [Talib Kweli] Yeah, Talib Kweli stay in the zone, I'm leavin 'em in a phase By now, I'm kinda used to leavin 'em so amazed With my man Com-rad and Skillz, they know the ways Call up Virginia Slim baby, I've come a long way from Hoppin the train with Rubix and Phot, now I'm Hoppin the plane, I'm seasoned like o'bay Purer than cocaine that's whiter than Colgate My product harder than narcotics, I handled the whole way Damn it I'm so straight, why you worry how my pocket looks? Y'all niggas sound like y'all got pocket books, stop and look As long as I rock it, Brooklyn is represented right This is where the sun meet the high rise, it ain't no end in sight I'm gonna end it right here, I'ma end the nightmares That you have cause you sleepin and you actin type Scared, I wake up like years, say my prayer like I should And I've come so far cause I'm so good [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Talib Kweli Album: Extended Play Song: Home Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] Ok (Build it up!) There's no place like home, there's no place like home, there's no place like home Let's go! Is there a heart in the house tonight? Yeah! Stand up! Yeah! I got a question (La La La La La La La) Is there a heart in the house tonight? (La La La La La, La La La La La) Yeah! Yeah! [Verse One: Talib Kweli] Good mornin, so glad I got a home to record in These houses people grew up in disrupted they can't afford it Had hope to stay in the family for the son and for the daughter They makin you fork it over or force into foreclosure When I'm tourin I got a bunk but it's more like a coffin So the comfort of a home is important Trust, alot more with investments of mortgages They could put in on rims strut to the club and flossin This is the american dream, house, wife, kids and a dog Fight for 'em in the bitter divorce  Nobody win in the situation everything considered a loss I grab a lemonade and sit on the porch [Chorus: Talib Kweli] I write rhymes to the sounds of the birds chirpin, tellin our stories in the first person There's no place like home, there's no place like home Yeah! I write rhymes to the sounds of the birds chirpin, tellin our stories in the first person There's no place like home, there's no place like home  [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] Yeah! This is dedicated to places I'm stayin at My crib my lab my pad and wherever I lay my hat  For some it's a box or a tunnel or underpass It can be your beach for as long as the summer last Home is what you make it the place where you find your start Where you go when the block is hot as a sign your mind at heart The heart is a house for love, and so we build it up I use to feel kind of empty until we build it up This here the living room, it's where we chill it's the biggest room My cousins on the coach let me sit with you Your kids playin in the yard they as big as you Where your twin of course catch him in the kitchen with the food Feelin good this is so essential Watchin the game with my pops who taught me the fundamentals So I'm swingin for the fences, not just tryin to trod on base My homeruns bring me back to this home place [Chorus: Talib Kweli] I write rhymes to the sounds of the birds chirpin, tellin our stories in the first person There's no place like home, there's no place like home Yeah! I write rhymes to the sounds of the birds chirpin, tellin our stories in the first person There's no place like home, there's no place like home  [Outro: Talib Kweli] Yeah! Is there a heart in the house tonight? Uh! Yeah! Stand up! Stand up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Skyzoo, Joell Ortiz and Talib Kweli Album: Stick 2 the Script Song: Talking Bout You (Ladies) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Skyzoo - talking] (*sample plays in background*) Yo ma You got Statik Selektah, Joell Ortiz, Talib Kweli And I'm S-K-Y-Z-O-O And we lookin for some Brooklyn chicks I mean, let me tell you what one is like [Verse 1 - Skyzoo] Huh, she's from the borough like me, so she rep the borough like me (uh) And she somethin thorough like Lee (yeah) And she type bred, white Air's, white T Bright hair, tight weave (woo) Like yeah, I be, with it in the worst way (yeah) Kind of strung, but I hide it when I work game (yeah) I know what she about, I knew her all along Hood chick, good chick, 'til you rub her wrong Louie shades and some '94 retros Hova in the iPod, bumpin +So Ghetto+ Scrap? Would never, Fall back? Never She watched "The Wire" with me, I'm attached forever And the '718' tatted on her lower back Is the cherry on top, when I'm throwin into that And if she open her jaw, roll up a blizz (*hissing*) And we gone, you know who she is Bred ma [Chorus] (*scratching*) "T-t-t-to all my - ladies" - Notorious B.I.G. "I swear I love 'em all" - Jay-Z "Who you lovin? Who you want to be huggin?" - Jay-Z "Talkin, talkin, 'bout you" "Yo, I took you out" "She the one" - Jay-Z "That's the one I got to get with" - Notorious B.I.G. "Ladies" - Notorious B.I.G. "Who you lov-lov-lov-lovin? Who you want to be huggin" - Jay-Z "Look at that face, look at those eyes" - Bun B "That's the, that's the, that's the one I got to get with" - Notorious B.I.G. [Joell Ortiz - talking behind Chorus] Statik Selektah Uh [Verse 2 - Joell Ortiz] Now a, when we done we hop in the shower Sprinkles come out, wrinkle for kickin it like an hour (that's right) If I argue, she beside me riffin A great night's a new bootleg and Chinese chicken (come on) Wears her scarf to the store with pajamas and slippers Shakin every bit of everything, her momma could give her (ow) But when we at them red carpet affairs, aw man My baby break necks like The Honky Tonk Man (woo!) This is part of God's plan, I see heaven in her eyes She seen hell inside of mine, when Joell ain't have a dime Stash packs in her bra, when her baby had to grind Wanted the Lex, but settled for the navy Avalon That's my nigga (my nigga) and she don't know how to swim But if I'm drownin she'll lose her shoes and hop in the river Other ladies? Naw, they not in the picture Well I'm lyin, but look when I'm done wildin, watch the rock I'm a give her [Talib Kweli - talking behind Chorus] Yeah, baby I love you And you, and you, and you, and you Uh, I see you walkin down the street pretty fast  Like you, and you, and you, yeah [Verse 3 - Talib Kweli] From Kandi to Krista, Monique to Angelique (oh yeah) From Amber to Tiffany, Michelle and Dominique ('member her?) Kimberly to Khia (word), Kadisha and Shaniqua (woo) Inez, Marisol, Tia and Maria (ha) Farida, Aaliyah, Tamia, Sanchia and Charise (wow) Dawn to Dottie to Debbie to Didi and Denise  From Robin to Chyna, Teresa to Tracy (haha) From Lisi, Emanny, Cynthia, Cita and Stacy (she had a fat ass) Word, I love a hood chick, to me that's a good chick (hey) You know the one's who was used to oil to cook with (hey) She get you hooked with the sex, 'til you look sick Scratches on your back, leave the welts like a good whip (wapsst) I love the earrings, door knockers on the eighties, yeah Sway back strut, cause she such a fuckin lady, yeah Thick lipped, glossed with the slick backed baby hair Eighty pairs of shoes, man she stay with the latest gear (so fresh) "Ladies" - Notorious B.I.G. "I swear I love 'em all" - Jay-Z "Who you lovin? Who you want to be huggin?" - Jay-Z "Talkin, talkin, 'bout you" "Yo, I took you out" "She's the one" - Jay-Z "That's the one I got to get with" - Notorious B.I.G. "Ladies" - Notorious B.I.G. "Who you lov-lov-lov-lovin? Who you want to be huggin" - Jay-Z "Look at that face, look at those eyes" - Bun B "That's the, that's the, that's the one I got to get with" - Notorious B.I.G. [Outro - Female voice from Sample] Youuuuuuu, bababababa bow I love you Bababababa bow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Styles P, Talib Kweli Album: 100 Proof: The Hangover Song: The Thrill Is Gone Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Man hit the jack, I can't knock that And it's a culture, you can't forget about that [Verse 1 - Styles P] Too many vultures in it (too many) I think Nas said [hip hop is dead] 'cause he couldn't see the culture in it Too many funny clothes (too much), too many Auto-Tunes (haha) Too many gangsters, when they made the Auto Goon (when they made those) Listen boy you should play your role Like rap don't need a brand new De La Soul Pay homage to any MC who paved our road Or the big Mercedes Benz boy won't get drove I say that 'cause, I be where the monsters at I'm like God damn, they even screwed up conscious rap (God dammit) I think rap need a new P.E. to +Fight The Power+ and be free (Fight The Power) And try to bring the light like GE (GE) I think we deaf, dumb and we blind and for the ten hundredth time Who give a damn about our swag and our grind? (who give a damn?) Why don't you rhyme about a thought that you had on your mind You an MC, let me see, how you really design, ya know? [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it, let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Right?" "Right?" [Talib Kweli - talking over Chorus] Oh yeah, the thrill is gone It's been long gone [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] At once, get from positive to negative I'm hyper and I'm calm as a sedative (ah) The artist, the executive At once, the son and the father, the comedy and the drama The fun and the karma, the shame and the honor The skin under the armor, the bullet that pierce the flesh The love of life, the fear of death How it flash before your eyes, when a knife is near your chest We the best, we the worst, the club or the church The soap or the dirt, the murder, the birth At once (yeah), the idle worship sittin in the seaport (uh) Waitin for a war that ain't ever gon' be fought (no) The correspondents coverin this attack on free thought (oh) Quiet style Pee Wee got it covered like three fourths Time to wake up, Teddy P. said it best when he was in the Blue Notes I'm the extension of my memories Hip-hop is in my heart, I keep it closer than my enemies I bet you they remember me, word [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "Right?" "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it go, go, let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Right?" [Verse 3 - Styles P] I think all you need's a beat and a hook (that all) I need entertainment now, light a blunt and go and read me a book Why don't you make a dance song? That'll get you a look BET, MTV, that'll get ya some push Give it a month or two homie, you'll be hittin the roof The hip, hop heads mad but I'm spittin the truth (it's the truth) It's the computer age now, better get with the youth (gotta get with 'em) Don't nobody give a damn of what you spit in the booth Better make your ringtone, keep your bling on Sing anything and try to get your sing on Me I'm just laughin, rollin, rollin While I'm rollin in a Caddy that's golden No I ain't a pimp or guerrilla pimp (uh uh) I'm just a poet that all the killers with For spittin that realer shit (realer shit) If we were y'all MC's, most of y'all illegit ("Right?"), Statik Selektah [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Right?" "Right" - scratched until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Talib Kweli Album: Time is Money Song: Testify Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Testify!"} [Styles P] Time I testify, listen Why Malcolm get killed by the N.O.I.? I'm yellow but I'm dark for real And why nobody flip when Martin was killed? Why Mandela did all them years All that blood, all that sweat, and all them tears? And I can name thousands more that died in the struggle from Mr. Wallace to Mr. Shakur That's why I stay influenced to "Kick in the Door" Bring the White House dudes around the blacks that's poor Notice that it's "unity" in "opportunity" Make a lil' cash, now the block is screwin me Brand new E-Class, cops pursuin me Guess they wanna see me park it Lookin at my gun, they wanna see me spark it But I'm the Ghost and if I could vote it would be for Sharpton Yeah~! S.P. {tes-ti-fy} Kweli {tes-ti-fy} equality {"Testify!"} S.P. {tes-ti-fy} Kweli {tes-ti-fy} equality [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yo, yo We never stop like the news watch Still tryin to fill the void of Biggie and Tupac We on them avenues with the red and the blue tops Dudes hot to shoot cops from the rooftops Too many snitch niggaz TESTIFY Warrior kings sent to the bing and left to die Girls confuse sex with love so they extra dry And got birth control stuck to they necks and thigh Whoa, it ain't a game, they want the blacks all killed off Our caps all peeled off, nigga this real talk What's ill is y'all niggaz still caught up in them battle raps There's beef in the hood, +Escaladin+ like Cadillacs Monkey on your back livin like a junkie Addicted to a dream, wanna die for your country Tear down the prison walls, set everyone free From freedom fighters to Askari X to Pimp C [Talib Kweli] Yeah... kids slip in the clip and aim for the fortune cause the fame ain't shit to gain They get stuck on whips and chains, so freedom slip they brain And psychologically that shit's insane Now that's crazy, a function of raisin the crack babies Sell it back to them cats freebasin back in the 80's (C'mon) Disco shit, nigga cock the toast Hi-Tek on the track and we rock with the Ghost [Styles P] Damn right I make gangster music But I still spit poetry like Langston Hughes did Pressures of the ghetto might make you lose it Grab AK's and go and make the news kid Might lose control, but not my soul Won't sell for the white man to buy me some white gold Sell for the black man, to buy me control P, Tek and Kweli, the shit come from the soul y'know? {*scatting to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and King Tech f/  	Ahmad, Chali 2na, Crooked Eye, Kurupt, Mos Def Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 5 Song: New Intro  Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *All cuts by DJ Revolution* "This is a revolution shoot" "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" "Sit back and learn" "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" "And yes ya'll" "This for your own concern" "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" "Class is in session so you can stop guessin" [KRS-One] "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" "Lights, camera, action!" [Ahmad] They tryin to get us off the bat like heavy hitters But my squad ain't goin for it, Charlie the Rainer is you wit us? We upset it how you did us, laughin at em tryin to kid us And vow to tear it up like Home Alone without the sitters So the first one steppin up will be the first one I'm gettin rid of While you fakin Al Capone, I make the hits like Frankie Nitta Ya'll rappers gon' remember me, of course you can't forget, I'm from the west Where we be battle-rappin off a doo-ah-ditta Even Sway and Tech admit-a Wake Up Show and skills, I never sleep, I never quit-a The dopest, don't be bitter Adopted a new motto: No retreat and no surrender I'm the champ and I been lookin for the number one contender, like that *Cut up* "The Wake Up Show"  [Chali 2na] No longer of thugs and pimps and style What we continue the tension like the Simpson Trial Wake Up Show, come to class just to pass the test Or be on your deathbed, givin last request Sway and Tech keep you listenin Bringin hip hop discipline Makin it hot, takin the plot from Lake Michigan Fisherman been mature, suckers who miniature That be faker than Cabbage Patch dolls without the signature Witness your destruction, when I bust ten Men die while the ink from my pen dry Tryin to make ends by words not crack rocks If raps are plane crash, my rhyme's the black box, like that [Kurupt] Raw dog for sure, paw core Supposed to know that  Golden paw, wha what wha what what! Sway and Tech, wha what wha what what! Yo, try me *nigga*, the new millennium came I'm invincible wit my abdaminium frame Deminigon, tenagon poetical pentagon None silence, *mothafuckers* unbalanced Get ya calicos, WAR? SURE I heard a million MC's, ain't none raw Kurupt spit brimstone, fire and magma Magnums and multi-minis in multi-cities "Let me show ya..." "Let me show ya..." "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" [Mos Def] Forward on the 2G's, yo I don't ease My style's so deep it make the police freeze Seize domestic and land overseas From the hard Brooklyn to the breeze in Belise Ya gotta give me mine, no "Can I applease" Sway and King Tech keep green like palm trees Transmitted globally, I'm Mos Def, you hopefully Calm, ain't sayin much, they catchin nuts like a ovary WAKE UP!!! [Crooked Eye/Tech N9NE] Light em up, blow em out, light em up Sway and Tech, rider, Sway and Tee-zay Crooked Eye's the don-datta No worries, hacuna matata A couple of verbal shots to hit your medula ablingalla I'm Donald Goines character Kenyatta On the Wake Up Show, beatin these rappers like a Tiajuana pinata My ish, flip and kick like Jim Carter From Bambatta to Crooked Eye, hip hop never die like Madonna My rap receital is fact receital was Kane and Abel Rock a rapper's cradle, even the ones signed to my label Get broken, I'm open like the eyes of insomniacs Standin on the corner, in big game hunters in Dodger hats "Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done" "Sway and Tech" [Guru] "And of course" "On production and the scratch" "DJ!" "Revolution" "It's the Wake Up Show" "You SUCKAS!!!" [KRS-One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swollen Members f/ Strong Arm Steady, Talib Kweli Album: Armed to the Teeth Song: Cross Fire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] S.M., S.A.S., you already know what it is Tell 'em baby [Krondon] You ain't got the right to be talkin out the side of your mouth You ain't tight, you shouldn't utter a word Your art's absolutely absurd; I'm precise You, can't compare to me your shine ain't that bright Yeah, think I better turn you into food for fishes, and leave behind upset cryin senior citizens Cryin on that shit again, shotgun Charlemagne The bar's still open so drink with the Steady gang It's all free, no need for membership Premium businessmen believe me it's Blacksmith Talk smack and I'll castrate you with a Battle Axe Swell up your membrane, then kick a battle rap [Talib Kweli] Hey~! Get off your high horse come down to where the battle at That ain't real rap you +Brokeback+, where your saddle at? S.A.S. klack-klack-klack, your body's in the black bag Thinkin on some punk rock shit like Black Flag Operation Ivy with the poison in the ink well Punchline screw your face up like a stank smell Kweli so funky, got your nose runny like a blow junkie Blacksmith, my people never go hungry You rappers flow so crummy; I get the sisters and the snowbunnies buyin up the tickets gettin show money Oh fo' sho' Money, it's the gentlemen charmed Rappers rot in pieces like the tat on Eminem's arm [Phil Da Agony] Strong Arm Steady the brand, the classic Light up a backwood and then, ash it before you pass it You know how the hash get, on the side where the greener grass is Gotta throw on your stunna shade glasses Niggaz get blasted I'm handin out cashes and caskets, gotta break bread like a basket You bastards! Rappers can't outlast the masters Press it up on wax and spin the needle on the plastic Blacksmith, roll another blunt for these actors Cause I'ma put the +Fear+ in the +Factor+ and clack ya Agony! Niggaz gotta pay for the ecstasy Especially, when I'm cookin up another recipe [unknown] Battle Axe heavy, we stack fetty off rapid So much coke on my track remind of Aspen Two white bitches they Alka Seltzer and aspirin Blunt roll swell the room, boom's outlastic K.C. niggaz slash just to murder every tracl Not a rap Democrat, more like Trap-publican Rap trap, count a stack, money keep comin in Only cock the hammer back for those who got no love for that You ain't got no love for him; you ain't got no love for him? I'm runnin up and dumpin 'em, poppin 'em and trunkin 'em Only gets us mad I'm young and I'm Donald Trumpin 'em Business sense ridiculous I'm literally stompin 'em Van Cit to L.A., we kick game like Pele Do a show, grab some hoes, and take her to the telly Young Tre nice, I'm the youngest in charge Nigga violate our squad you'll be needin the law [Prevail] +Protect Ya Neck+ my Battle Axe is like a Wu-Tang sword I run the blade against your throat like you was Harrison Ford Your girl got 'em worldwide I've been to Paris on tour From the Eiffel Tower my rifle power make you contort This is a contact sport, no coaches or referees I'm hotter than Cali's Death Valley vultures and fleas A posse cut, I chop it up like I was butcherin beef A Boondocks saved my boombox beats like a priest {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tamia f/ Talib Kweli Album: Officially Missing You (Remix) 12" Song: Officially Missing You (Remix) Typed by: jammanxc@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Talib Kweli] Everytime I walk up in the spot the corks pop Got the floor hot, we goin' to rock until 4 o' clock We used to keep a trick up my sleeve to get a chick to leave Now we've got another one of them calling me All eyes on you when you walk by Your guy is doing stunts like the four guys I know you make me feel like a six million dollar star tonight The type to make every nigga holla [Tamia] All I hear is raindrops Falling on the rooftop Ooh baby tell me why'd you have to go Cause this pain I feel It won't go away And today I'm officially missing you I thought that from this heartache I could escape But I fronted long enough to know There ain't no way And today I'm officially missing you Ooh can't nobody do it like you Said every little thing you do Hey baby say it stays on my mind And I, I'm officially [Tamia] All I do is lay around Two ears full tears From looking at your face on the wall Just a week ago you were my baby Now I don't even know you at all I don't know you at all Well I wish that you would call me right now So that I could get through to you somehow But I guess it's safe to say baby safe to say That I'm officially missing you [Talib Kweli] My baby is giving me the proper dance Cause you know I'm the man And these type of cats play the game of chance Come close enough to show you how we 'suppose to love You know they say we can't smoke in the club But I'm cool cause your love is like a potion, a drug These emotions got me open like buds Roast, club boasts and I'm headed home with you You know when you're going, I'm going to miss you It's so official [Tamia] Well I thought I could just get over you baby But I see that's something I just can't do From the way you would hold me To the sweet things you told me I just can't find a way To let go of you [Tamia] It official You know that I'm missing you Yeah yes All I hear is raindrops And I'm officially missing you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tommy Tee f/ A.L., Punch & Words, Talib Kweli Album: New York State of Rhyme Song: Day By Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Talib Kweli] Yo you think that, it's crazy man? This brother from South Africa told me that there's like a Tupac tribe, and a Biggie tribe right? And heads got like AK-47's and machine guns and and and and Africans killin each other over some East coast/West coast, knahmsayin? I mean that we deaded it a long time ago man but lives is bein lost, yaknahmsayin? Over some bullshit, yaknamsayin? I don't really understand it yo [Wordsworth] Yo, reality is life and death, full of fights and threats Murders, burglars, prostitutes search the night for sex Rollin dice on steps, take advice from vets, brains are bright in death and you can have accounts that never bounce from writin checks Life and tecs, there ain't really much here Either sports video games you deal or cut here Jeeps or Porshes, a portion of dreams in fortune Intercourse that I'm stressed to keep it or abortion My topics full of plans, on profit from this land A pocket full of grands to have your optics full of fans I'm tired of dollar bands, shoppin carts pushin cans and jobs ain't callin back, you better off pullin scams To rack props, cops harass black blocks Parents addicted, kids on they colors from crack tops for jacktops, pistols instead of tissue muscle to bust you You got a choice, either b-boy or drugs can rush you [A.L.] Life is too short, that's why I strive to live it to the fullest Half my brothers are locked up, the other half a caught a bullet To pull it, it's kinda strange like every night I got a full moon I used to pull boom, hopin one day I'd drop a jewel soon but hard to see that, with so many problems in my picture My car ? that, I try to soft it with the liquor We're dissolvin quicker, my streets are hotter than Cancun Backstabbers'll shank you, say more than thank you and prank you They're brainwashin us, that's why I never use the shampoo The game knockin us, that's why I'm clever when the cam zooms So what's the reason for the treason who you pleasin when you skeezin Bullets breezin every season leavin bodies freezin Forget excuses, puttin the blame up on the flamer Hip-Hop is useless, when entertainers hit containers Simple and plainer but crime is gettin stranger Wrinkles my gainer, but in time we'll live in danger No remainders in my chamber my eras are filled with toxicant Lyrics my oxygen I get the spirits from my moccassins My mouth is where I dropped my gem, I made the glock my friend No peace in the East, little kids is throwin rocks again Chorus: Talib Kweli It's only one life to live so I sacrifice But nobody came back from the afterlife Life and death is the fate of the streets Take it day by day, pray before I eat, pray before I sleep One life to live so I sacrifice When nobody came back from the afterlife Life and death is the fate of the streets Take it day by day, pray before I eat, pray before I sleep [Talib Kweli] The survivor of slavery, definition of bravery Flowin like Brooks bust Nines in Deep Space like Avery With rhymes made to be complete like A to Z or the number nine the months of pregnancy, what can you say to me? Call up the travel agency, book a flight to the end of time when the wicked get refined, the righteous kick a rhyme livin divine Rewind, to the present state of mind right now where beef will have you dead like the first man to catch Mad Cow Life is full of too much trifeness to chill and be enjoyin I be in the inner city like asbestos and lead poison My memories within the cannon of history Ready aim spit-fire my artillery, in the faces of cats who grillin me (Yo what you lookin at?) Quick to touch up cats who ain't feelin me with the ability, to plug you in, like auxillary Livin digitally, the only condition is critically You still the man physically but I'm sunnin you spiritually Consider me far from average, lyrical rites of passage Rhymes comin out my cabbage, cold light up a savage Take you back to baby carriage, yo, for what it's worth Drop a master verse before they cleaned up the afterbirth [Punchline] Aiyyo since I was teethin, I was labelled a heathen A demon, my pops must have had bad semen Now all eyes peepin, the man with the raps Been kickin since the womb and my moms felt that Train of thought off track, cause I couldn't F widdit I taught myself to hold ground on one pivot and never be timid, call me the rap God A slave to the game just like Amistad I rap eager, a daydreamer I seen cats dance for crack, like Gator in Jungle Fever While the thugs bust shots til it just don't stop I'll have a fat knot, controllin finances through the laptop Enhancin your mind, at night when I rhyme I spit gems that shine havin you thinkin it's daytime I be the final sign, at any rate, opposin debate for all rappers with militant mindstates Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Black Star Album: Power Cypha 3: The Grand Finale Song: Black Star Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *send all corrections directly to typist* [Mos Def] (Talib Kweli) Ay ay ay (yo wassup) Whoooooweee! (You about to take a ride on the Black StarGalactacon) (Yo yo here we go) *together* Black Star keeps shinin wherever we rhymin Yo, we unearth the diamond check us out The Black Star keeps shinin wherever we rhymin Yo, we unearth the diamond [Talib Kweli] (Mos Def) Tony Touch keep winnin wherever he spinnin (Yo Puerto Rico, YOOOOO!) (Yo ?voice wit go? YOOOOO!) Yo check the way he be livin (Bed-Stuy go, YOOOOO!) Tony Touch keep winnin Wherever he spinnin, check the way he be livin(Crown Heights go YOOOOO!) (Kweli how you feel?) "I feel like a king!" (Ah shit) "Yeah" Yes I do Brookyln (yeah yeah yeah wha wha), Uptown, Boogie Down *together* The B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, movin like eight lights, we bright B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, doin it, rockin you, doin it The B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, beamin like eight lights, we bright B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, doin it, rockin you, doin it Rockin you, yes yes we be rockin it [Mos Def] How to live in a world without Big and Tupac in it I stay the unconscious and say maintain prosperous Unstoppable, doctoral, b-boy scholarship [Talib Kweli] Niggas try to do me when they can't see through me Yo I'm Out Of Sight, you need a Peacemaker like George Clooney Yo Kweli, I drop masterpieces like Paul Mooney If you don't like what I'm sayin, fuck it sue me (Yo, who we?) Black Star, Tony Touch you get rushed like you the only dutch In a room full of weed heads that smoke WAY too much Trust I been battlin since Ethopia was Cush Cold-crush niggas to dust, I'm too much from Flatbush [Mos Def] Esta loca, Black Star rock wit Tony Toca My contents, over the fence like Sammy Sosa Escuchar mi *something in Spanish* Black Star, ? make the comp feel smaller than answer Disconnect the nerve endings on your wack sensitivity Provide five side audio, technical and imagery Initially, alot of cats wasn't really hearin me And now when I rhyme, they keep they hands high like the centipede [Talib Kweli] See independently, we took niggas out so what now We like Chuck D, the whole operation and Shut It Down Ask my man Black Sean, your style's played out like Sasson's So you look for a new dick to grab on They say I'm self-righteous, but nah it's more like I just Combine battle skills and conscience and I still flow the tightest Golden Touch like Midas on my favorite DJ Tony And if you got skills, fuck tellin me, just show me You know me, the city slicker, invade your town like promo stickers Speak it quicker, turnin you yellow like shit-kickers You sound gay, your rhymes is drier than Santa Fe My mind spray mad guerilla war tactics like I was Shea [Mos Def] Gold-capped quarter trench, fresh nubians and Wallees Son I'm classic Brooklyn like the Ebbet's Field trolley This lies the satellite that transmitts your channel Keep low on your panel, old man like gray flannel Inner-state trucker breaker, now yo what's your handle When the Black thump we give you back hump like a camel Fuck flossin a Movado and the champagne bottle I grab the mic and have your chicka like *something in Spanish* B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, movin like eight lights we bright B-L-A-C-K-S-T-A-R shine Rockin you, doin it, rockin you, doin it "I feel like a king!" Ah shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ De La Soul, Mos Def Album: The Piece Maker Song: What's That (Que Eso) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com, AdriGuerra@aol.com [Mos Def] Took spanish one for four years, just so you know Spit my shit right here igame, malo muchacho  Mos Def con Tony Flaco, el idioma que yo hablo Pretty young champ like Camacho, spittin the hot flow B-Boy shout, Zulu gestapo, bro You know my stilo, cigarrillo con tamarindo Habichuelas negras, arroz amarillo Yo soy suave viejito, campen nacional como Tito Bringin the heat bro, unique when I speak yo Doin my Way like Carlito, beats by M-A-S-E-O From Panama to Puerto Rico, play my jam on Caliente noventa y siete On the expressway, and press play, see what ya neck say Duro siempre, para mi gente, ganamos Se acab venga vamos, corillo, alcen las manos Blowin ya spot like I got toast A lotta MC's is Def, but they not Mos, and not close Understand it when I shine, all your light is through Ya niggas wack in one language, I'm nice in two, fuck is you [Chorus 1] Que eso? Tu no sabe mi sonido Siempre ganamos, nunca perdimos Para quien? Blanco, Negro, Latino Del mundo, cuando junto, qu profundo Que eso? Tu no sabe mi sonido Siempre ganamos, nunca perdimos Para quien? Blanco, Negro, Latino Corillo, so my street folk come unidos [Pos] I got chips, to Ziploc grips to burst Non-conventional, original B-Boy, my peeps call me Merc' I'm from N.Y.C., so see why in me There's a lot of hustlin, found around my cheek Sippin strawberry daq, that ain't never been fucked Try to catch me off balance, man, you shit outta luck Cuz we got more rams, and I drivin y'all Got the people like the jams, more live than y'all I'm wit Tone Touch, while ya all touched in the head Such a lethal combination, got you facin the red And um, yo, you don't want no parts in that You style so pussy, last name should be Cat We takin it back, like flea stacks and pylons Wit the ladies in a frenzy, runnin they nylon Reveal flesh to test, cuz I love bruisin 'em Treat my battles like my children nigga, I'm never losin 'em [Chorus 2] Aiyo, what's that? You don't know, that's my sound yo No one can rock it like this, we put it down yo For who? Black, white, purple or brown yo It's Mos, De La, and Touch, we hold the crown yo Pero what's that? You don't know, that's my sound yo No one can rock it like this, we put it down yo For who? Black, white, purple or brown yo So all my street folk come on gather round yo [Dove] Pardon me son, but the only Spanish I knew, was dame un beso Cut bitches wit niggas, who nettin the peso Ya breathin on beats like this, if you say so I stay sippin on God theories, so where the case yo? Wait flow on four floors like film edits Fuck sayin the name, you read it in the credits Sit that ass down on my lyrics We servin niggas up some beans and rice, everything is everything Heavy metal thing, rock, wit Mos and Pos and us Written flows get broke down by the comas From L.I. lawn, I green shit up in my wallets To fly the wrong places, and get red like scarlet How I dollar it, I just earn the say So when the itchy itchy come, I satisfy the crave And let it fall a little too much I let Tone touch my ears to let the bullshit disappear [Tony Touch] Pa' 'fuera, tu no sabe, mi manera Native tongue, puttin it down, donde quiera De La, Mos Def wit a candela Borinquen, que bonita bandera Respect the architect or be next to catch a pela I send ya all runnin home to your abuela Cash rap over a beat or acapella Kick a wicked rhyme like a fortune teller This fella, se pone feo quando llego I still be shoutin out cats in San Diego I'm still in effect, and I'm still doin the huevo I still be putting it down, till I'm a viejo Man, you can't tell me nuthin about the juego I told ya suckas before, leggo my eggo Yet you insist upon playin wit fuego But I catch you on the rebound, hasta luego, pendejo [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: A Tribe Called Quest f/ Jane Doe, Mos Def, Punch & Words Album: The Love Movement Song: Rock Rock Y'all Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [Punch] Yo! We about to rock this joint, from the family. And we want ya'll all to know, that it's time... CHORUS (all): To rock rock ya'll Freak freak ya'll To the beat ya'll It's unique ya'll (2x) [Punch] A-yo praise the master, make plans wit' your pastor My rap'll blast ya, send you to the hereafter I push a tractor, for horses grazin' in the pasture Ya heard I was trickin', the whole room filled with laughter In ciphers, I'm the one you don't rhyme after You only know half of the math, it don't add up The lead batter, my hits make ya frame shatter Watch me now! Just begun like Jimmy Castor I'm bad luck just like walkin' under ladders Mad rappers, book of life, last chapter Me and my squad build just like contractors I break shit, you only give hairline fractures Women flash us, don't know ya better ask us A bastard, wit' more contacts than Lens Crafters Tear down the rafters, venerials couldn't clap us You need practice, hit chicks then I'm Casper [Jane Doe] The church of scientology, feminine biology Manic depressive psychologically, A.D.D. alive and we Polluted by technology, the fumes and its ecology While your thought you was out of copy I get nastier than sodomy Probably an oddesey, started back on robbery Was the degree of the economy that do the sovereignty Regarded as a prodigy, leery in sociology Let the wallabees always conceal my gynecology Rhymin' pathologically, that's how it gotta be! Never makin' no apology, worshippin' my anthropology Fuck modesty, studyin' microbiology Causin' verbal lobotomy, it's in my geneology Six months of sobriety, movin' very methodically Like a unicorn, more ways than oceanography Guard technology, rip shows antibiotically True thugs bionically, give birth to criminology [Words] Yo as a youngin', I swear to God you couldn't tell me nothin' I swore I was gettin' somethin', clothes or humpin' For girls with the church, slacks with some shirts tucked in I set it up for money, my mom worked when I was cuttin' Unsigned strugglin', for the heat I lit the oven One would by the CD, the other would do the dubbin' Before I met Rob, I was in the clubs frontin' Oh yeah I know the Tip, when I see him I be duckin' But now when I'm clubbin', those that used to dis were buggin' Overweight chicks, spandex, they stomachs sucked in Stay interruptin', dance and try to cut in Told people you got in free when you really snuck in [Q-Tip] We never get concerned about who's in the league We just stay workin' so no one will need An unconcerned outsider givin' niggaz feed My niggaz puff weed but negotiate the seed The family is granite and you can't intercede I try to switch lanes at this operatin' speed Cats in the game be gamblin' with greed We the house, you the player and we gonna catch these Who's the Sam Sneed makin' microphones bleed Poker face creed while my mind just read Shorty got rhythm but her freak got freed That's insignificant but this take heed [Mos Def] They say I'm pretty like Clay is, bright like the day is Beats from my fleet be sweet like Sugar Ray is I'm swingin' this from Bay Ridge to where the Oakland Bay is My game is tough to play, I'm tough to weigh like your safe is The aim is, to make you recognize what the name is Mos Def gon' set it straight from where the 718 is The place with the great superiginate the flavors An all-star block with some all-star laymans (Turn the music down!) This is probably some haters Achin' cuz they hear us rotatin' on the playlist >From B-boy laces to Detroit gators Yo Tip I got to bail, where the scale? Help me weigh this... Yo! We wan't ya'll to know...that this is the family, right?  And what we want everybody out there to do...on the dance floor... is get ready...because noooowwwwww we gonna... CHORUS (6x) to fade out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tupac Shakur ~ Mos Def Album: The Rose That Grew From Concrete Vol. 1 * Song: Can U C the Pride in the Panther (Male Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists [Mos Def] It's said that every revolutionary act is a act of love And this is an act of love All power to the people I said the P is for power, the A for action The N-T because now is the time to get it done See the H is for heart, and the E for effect The R hold it down at the end for respect Who am I? A panther Who am I? A panther What I got I got SOUL, what I got I got LOVE What I got I got PRIDE, what I wanna be FREE Raise your hands in the air if you feel like me [Mos Def w/ group emphasizing] Who am I? A panther Who am I? A panther What I got I got SOUL, what I got I got LOVE What I got I got PRIDE, what I wanna be FREE Raise your hands in the air if you feel like me [Mos Def] Can you see the pride of the panther as he glows in splendor and grace? Topling obstacles placed in the way of the progression of his race Can you see the pride in the panther as she nurtures her young, all alone? The seed must grow, regardless of the fact that it's planted, in stone Can't you see the pride of the panthers as they unify, as one? The flower blooms, with brilliance and outshines the rays of the sun Outshines, like the sun Shines out, like the sun Shines bright, like the sun Brings light, like the sun [Mos Def w/ group emphasizing] P is for power, the A for action The N-T because now is the time to get it done See the H is for heart, and the E for effect The R hold it down at the end for respect Who am I? A panther Who am I? A panther What I got I got SOUL, what I got I got LOVE What I got I got PRIDE, what I wanna be FREE Raise your hands in the air if you feel like me Who am I? A panther Who am I? A panther What I got I got SOUL, what I got I got LOVE What I got I got PRIDE, what I wanna be FREE Raise your hands in the air if you feel like me [Mos Def] This song is dedicated to all those who live and die for the struggle Panthers, children of the Panthers, or all those, who strive for free minds, free souls, free bodies.. for freedom And love.. love.. love is the engine to the revolution The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tupac Shakur ~ Mos Def Album: The Rose That Grew From Concrete Vol. 1 * Song: Can U C the Pride in the Panther (Feale Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists [Mos Def] This song is dedicated to the mothers and the children of the revolution From Tupac, to Afeni Shakur and many many more This is for you One love, one life [Mos Def * singing] Can you see.. the pride of the panther As she nurtures.. her young all alone It's the seed.. that must grow regardless of the fact that, it's been planted in stone Can you see.. the pride of the panther In the concrete jungle, alone with her cub It's the seed.. that must come to harvest It's the tree.. that must grow out of love Can you see the pride in the panther as he glows in splendor and grace? Topling obstacles placed in the way of the progression of his race? Can you see the pride in the panther as she nurtures her young, all alone? The seed must grow regardless of the fact that it's planted in stone Can't you see the pride of the panthers as they unify, as one? The flower blooms with brilliance and outshines all the rays of the sun Keeps bright like the rays of the sun Carries out like the rays of the sun Keeps bright like the rays of the sun Shines bright like a new day begun [Mos Def] Can you see the pride in the panther as he glows in splendor and grace? Topling the obstacles placed in the way of the progression of his race Can you see the pride in the panther as she nurtures her young all alone? The seed must grow, regardless of the fact that it's been planted in stone Can't you see the pride of the panthers as they unify as one? The flower blooms, with brilliance and outshines all the rays of the sun It outshines all the rays of the sun Carries out like a new day begun (uh-huh) It shines bright like the rays of the sun (hah) And keeps high like a new day begun [Mos Def * singing] Shines bright like the rays of the SUN! Keeps high like a new day begun Carry out like the rays of the sun Keep on like a new day begun, say Shine bright like the rays of the SUN! Keep high like a new day begun, say Shine bright like the rays of the sun (c'mon) Keep high like a new day begun, say Shine bright like the rays of the SUN! Keep high like a new day begun, yes to shine bright like the rays of the sun (uh-huh) Carry out like a new day begun, say (c'mon) SHINE BRIGHT LIKE THE RAYS OF THE SUN (whoo!) Keep high like a new day begun (ha ha) Shine bright like the rays of the sun say (c'mon) Keep it high like the new day begin say SHINE BRIGHT LIKE THE RAYS OF THE SUN (whoo!) Keep high like a new day begun (ha ha) Shine bright like the rays of the sun (yeah) Carry out like the rays of the sun (huh) Carry out like a new day begun A new day begun, a new day begun A new day begun begun begun begun begun begun begun.. hoo! Power to the people! (Power to the people) He said.. power to the people! (Power to the people) He said.. power to the people! (Power to the people) He said.. love is people power (LOVE) Love is people power (LOVE) Love is people power (LOVE) Love is people power (when all else crumbles) Love is people power (love must prevail) Love is the people's power Every revolutionary act is a act of love And love is the engine of the revolution I love y'all, like 'Pac loved y'all like Afeni loved 'Pac, like we love Afeni like we love love.. one love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tupac Shakur ~ Talib Kweli Album: The Rose Vol. 2 * Song: Fallen Star Typed by: Jevff@netscape.net * Poems written by Shakur as ~ interpreted by other artists [Talib Kweli] Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what (yeah) Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up, what (yeah, what, yeah, uh) Pack your cannons we outlandishly brandish the weapons Meet Jamaican like you god {U-god?} and 'em handing you lessons We learn a lot from the 60's like glaring 13 necks Mainly the niggaz get shot for flaring out their larynx And get to speakin' on a conditions of black people that's illegal they enforce it with the force that's lethal make you wanna grab a gun and throw the all black gear on head to congress exercising your constitutional right to bear arms leather jackets and glasses and you can tell it's us the FBI probably bust a nut if we self destruct call it militant but ain't nobody killing Barry {Goldwater} you can't be militant if you ain't got no military but it's still a very powerful word picture some niggaz with guns, got 'em very disturbed, word now-a-days you could get shot for a cheap necklace back then my people bust shots for the free breakfast [Hook] now before you see God, or stand before Allah you could learn from the stars that fall outta the sky everybody act hard, like they got no regard so we mourn falling stars, they still living all hard (we still here, word) this is for Medgar Evers, Martin, and my brother Malcom sometimes we be sittin and wishing for another outcome my head be spinning, it be full of why's and the how come's the value of life is so cheap if your skin ain't talcum we need leaders, we looking at entertainers it's about the cash, so we respect the biggest gainers niggaz get paid then they run away from the community that ain't gangsta nigga, you the opposite of Huey P don't be confusing me with haters, player get your paper, just show respect to the folks who made you (yeah) blessed by the creator so give money nigga just don't bring a plate of food around a hungry nigga out on these streets the police is killing I'm spilling out my heart on these beats so I can feed my children (yeah) disrespect and I'm a give you a bar to save your life because we don't need no more fallen stars [Hook] stalk the stage with the pride of the panther hands off Asada and the blood of a dance floor word, rock on, throw the Tupac on he's not gone, you hear his influence in pop songs shine brighter than those Vegas lights illuminating that Vegas night to the party after the fight 'til the gunshots disturb the peace like Luda too bad he ain't a white chick in Aruba they'd have a whole department dedicated to finding the killer you'd see Afeni Shakur on Larry King, and motherfucking Dennis Miller word, Bill O'Reilly would be flapping his gums how much respect do they have for my people? actually none you either do the nigga packing a gun who hate niggaz even though every time he pass a mirror he staring at one my man stressed 'cause of lack of funds this the type of shit that make you wanna drown your liver and blacken your lungs [Hook] x3 [spoken] now of course this was inspired by Tupac Shakur Eazy-E, still here (still here) my man Justo (still here) Big L (still here) Big Pun (still here) I'm from Brooklyn, you know what I'm saying Brooklyn know a lot about tragedy we lost our Big Poppa and our baby girl that was our whole world, yo (still here) this is for our fallen stars inspired by the poets, revolutionaries, and activists from the generation before us come and do our thing on this microphone when else in the history of this country can a black man get on the microphone and say whatever the hell he wanna say? it's a lot of responsibility but we standing on the shoulders of our ancestors so I bear that burden, throw it on my back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Raheem DeVaughn, Talib Kweli Album: Underground Kingz Song: Real Women Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Raheem DeVaughn] H-Town women (this is so soulful right now!) Chocolate women (this is so soulful right now!) New York, New York women (UGK, Raheem DeVaughn) A-Town women (Kweli) This is for Chi-Town women (my real women) My Midwest women! (my Midwest women) Down South women, the West Coast women All of my women, whoo! [Bun B] Now bein King of the Underground's a title I wear with pride Like my syrup and swisha can't leave without it when I ride Even though I'm the king of the city where I reside I wouldn't and couldn't do it without my woman on my side Sometimes I got it figured out, sometimes I'm confused I win 9 times out of 10 but now and then I might lose But no matter the road I choose and how the drama unfold A playa always got his better half right on his shoulders She gon' hold me down to the fullest, rainy or sunny She seen me ball out of control and dead broke with no money So when the game got funny, she ain't pack up and roll She help me get back on my feet now man that's way too cold If you got a down woman wit'chu keepin it true Don't try to hate, appreciate her for the things that she do This dedicated to the dedicated ladies that stand up If you keep it real wit your man, then put your hand up, c'mon [Chorus 2X: Bun B] + (Pimp C) This for the real women (the solid ladies and the pros) But the real women (that play the game like they suppose) They the real women (the Queens holdin down they Kings) They the real women (so go on girl do yo' thang) [Talib Kweli] (Uhh) I'm 'bout to spoil you, show you my gratitude I love the all of you, even your attitude Never gonna give you black-n-blues, that's abuse I'm not that dude Take it back to when I held yo' hand and my name became yo' back tattoo I love the fact that you don't need me to make you whole Doin it fast or takin it slow, you know when to let me take control And I apologize for puttin tears inside them eyes When I wasn't fair didn't compromise, put you in fear when I told them lies How I love to dive inside them thighs, I love your cockiness Ain't gonna ask if you roll in rap, you know this right it's obvious I'm an Underground King with a winner down Queen I'm fin' to let her know This ain't about bling, this ain't about cream, I never let her go We smokin love (smokin love) you know what's up (know what's up) This for the real women, that's you? Throw it up Cause your man's so focused you rub your lips lovin the bub cause I open you up You got my back whether broke or re-up in the crush limosine cause we rollin up [Pimp C  singing] Uhh, you was down from the get-go I put it down with them silly hoes Ridin tryin to get the dirty do' Didn't know what my life was gon' have in sto' 'Til my karma came And you was right there tryin to have my thangs When the chips all fell down You was the only one I had around Saved my life when I was 'bout to drown Girl you my queen, come and get your crown Now I keep you with the nice thangs VVS ice blings, 10-karat diamond rings If I ain't tell you with the biz Girl you my baby 'til the end And I'ma treat you like a king supposed Keep you ridin Rolls slammin matchin do's [Raheem DeVaughn] (Uhh) H-Town women Chocolate women New York, New York women A-Town women This is for Chi-Town women My Midwest women! Down South women, the West Coast women All of my women, whoo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//utd/rm_bside/mykungfu.utd.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//utd/rm_bside/mykungfu.utd.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Consequence, Talib Kweli Album: Chain Heavy 12" Song: Chain Heavy Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Kanye West] Uh, we got the black elite in the house tonight, Rosewood! I feel like I'm at the N-double A-C-P or something right now Essence festival, Q-Tip on the beat too Uh, uh My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy My chain heavy, my chain too heavy My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy My chain heavy, my chain too heavy They tried to tell me my chain broke the levy/levee Maybe cause it's flooded Why you walking round with a baby cross his cousin? My teeth already white, y'all gon' make me floss for nothing My teeth real diamonds, what's the cause of the fronting? Why y'all got all caps on? Don Cheadle time, get extra black on 'em Burn Hollywood burn Take too long for niggas to get they turn Probably be cremated before I get my urn They tried to tell me that aliens built the pyramids I swear life's a bitch, on her period For every inch they cut the nose off the Sphinx I make my jeweler add a few more links You can look at me, don't give a fuck what nobody think and my face always looking like somebody stinks [Chorus: Kanye West] My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy My chain heavy, my chain too heavy My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy My chain heavy, my chain too heavy Here we go, like we should Feel the sweat, on your face Here we go, like we should Feel the sweat, on your face Alright, okay Here we go, like we should Like we should, like we should Like we should [Kanye West] Question, what color was the skin of the man who beared the cross? No matter how many lashes, they couldn't beat it off How many Cassius will we see in one lifetime? That's why it's Miles Davis, Kobe it's Mike time I keep that gold book on an ottoman and wrote hooks about slaves that was slaughtered in the eighteen-hundreds, y'all forget that I got called nigga on Twitter so many times yo I live that Now I'm just tryna find where to raise my kids at cause they don't want niggas next to where they crib at Hey Realtor, I'm looking for a nice park Twelve noon, she said my family gon' make it too dark This is the flow that solar eclipses So hopefully one day that real soul will eclipse the bullshit they got us listening to, in this existence Don't give up now, just a little more persistence I am the day Ice Cube met Michael Jackson Keep 'em away huh? Something might happen This is the making of a masterpiece So we broke out the chains and told the master "peace" [Chorus: Kanye West] [Talib Kweli] Some wear a suit and tie, they don't wanna remain average Some wear a suit and tie like a chain and straight jacket My chain heavy, stop in that traffic, coppers harass us The DA attack us, want us in chains like B.A. Baracus Son a major factor in my decision to be a rapper was rebellion, being anti-establishment was attractive to a black kid from Brooklyn, flames got them thangs cooking Land of the juks where the lames get their chains tooken It ain't looking good for you if you a tourist here Sometimes our rhymes are on a frequency that only purists hear A couple rappers tried to beef with me, nobody scared Niggas was so fucking corny that nobody cared Why I gotta battle rappers? I debate scholars Question, do it gotta make sense/cents if it make dollars? Sick visions is living inside our brains It's like a sadomasochistic addicted to whips and chains Figuratively, quite literally, clinically insane Spit flames when I visit the higher plane Try in vain to ignore it, don't buy the chain if you can't afford it 'Ye them a load of whores by the board's trust [Consequence] Uh, that old ball and chain had me chained up for weeks So of course I'm off the chain as soon as I hit the streets And now when we link, she saying the game's over I drove her crazy and she became a chain smoker Now the new dude she saying that could stay over should be a chain who goes by the name of Choker That's what he did when she told him he should play the sofa So the chain's on the door, I'm on the way over But when I came over, his only response was you must be the owner of a chain of restaurants Cause I'ma eat your food for that chain that I want cause you be running round like the chain makes the man So it's obvious that he don't know the chain of command cause my chain commands that kind of respect And it's so chunky that it's a pain in the neck But it came with a check, I remember on chaining day it spoke for itself, and this is what the chain would say Them chain snatchers are hoping that you ain't ready So don't get distracted, keep your aim steady or there'll be a chain reaction since my chain's heavy [Chorus: Kanye West] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Lupe Fiasco, Mos Def Album: Don't Look Down 12" Song: Don't Look Down Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Mos Def - singing] Don't look down, it's an impossible view Fly like an eagle, whatever you do Don't look down, it's an impossible view Spread your wings, aerial [Lupe Fiasco] Head to the sky, wings raised and she's about to fly and take her place in out there in the stars when she leaves the ground She'll see a broken heart if she turns around But ain't no going back, this is how it must be He told her she'll be burned alive, she just told him "trust me" If funerals are beautiful, this ugly Knowing this he told her you wouldn't leave me if you loved me And he knows that because he knows her Hard to hide his feelings as it engulfs her Now she's a bright blaze, light rays are shooting out, a phoenix on fire burning up the nightscape So let's hear it for our heroine Applaud as her spirit just flies into the never-end One closed chapter, it opens up another part So this is more like the end, question mark [Kanye West] Don't let me hold you back, I only hold you back We on a dead-end street, this block has got a cul-de-sac So fly baby, my baby so high Sometimes it's so hard to say bye We made it from the alley straight up to the ballet We pulled up to the valet, we'll teach our daughter ballet We'll raise us a Beyonce, maybe she'll be a Halle You would've been the best mom, I would have been the 'Ye You see it all in my veins like varicose I know that's very gross but we getting very close to our end, though I killed most with a pen Soon as this flow end, I'ma let Mos begin [Big Sean] How could you do it? How could you do it? Okay now baby, here we go, we go, no baby, me go You got my heart, baby this what it beat for I give it all, walk as far as my feet go What you mean "me go", why can't it be "we go"? What happens when people turn to tears, huh? Dreams turn to memories and weeks turn to years, huh? Been standing in the same spot for a couple of weeks Give me my feelings back, wish love came with a couple of receipts Man, our vacation was coming next week Girl I swear you was a trip, let's make it a couples' retreat How could my girl do this to me? Woke up to a note saying "the world did this to me" Now I'm testing, one two, reporting live from the rubble Drinking all I can so I can turn to fire when I hug you One, two, three, four, five models on the double Give me head all at once, look like they line in a huddle But it's not even half the feeling as hearing you shine, you know I love you Shedding tears every day, and I'm tired of lying in these puddles I ask why sometimes like a fucking vowel Been hitting trees every day like a fucking owl Trying to get high enough to cut the clouds of the +Phoenix Sun+ to Nash it out, I mean ash it out So I could see you smile, I-I know you can see me now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Mos Def Album: Graduation Song: Drunk and Hot Girls Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Mos Def] La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da-dahhh, dahhh Blap! [Chorus: Kanye West] We gone through too much bullshit  just to mess with these drunk and hot girls She gone through too much bullshit  just to mess with these drunk and hot girls We go... through too... much shit... to mess... mess with... these drunk... All of these drunk and hot girls [Kanye West] Drivin 'round town lookin for the best spot for the - drunky hot girls... Up in the club look at here what we got Some - drunky hot girls... Stop dancin with yo' girlfriend and come dance with me Stop talkin 'bout yo' boyfriend since he is not me Stop runnin up my tab cause these drinks is not free You drunken hot girl [Chorus]  change first word "We" to "She" [Kanye West] I don't wanna drop yo' friends off I just want you You - drunky hot girl... You wanna sit down but we hit the drive-thru You - drunky hot girl... Please don't fall asleep baby we almost back Please don't throw up in the car we almost crashed Oh now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that? You drunken hot girl [Chorus]  change first word "We" to "She" [Mos Def] Love the dangerous necessity that people seek without regard To where they are the human heart is curious... Above all things... Love the lights are low, your eyes are bright The music plays in sweet light It's our side, I'm feelin right, your dress is tight Ohh owwwww-howwwwww, I want you right now [Kanye West] Don't tell me you sing you 'bout to get a deal You - drunky hot girl... Ahh-dah-dah-dah-dah that's how the fuck you sound You - drunky hot girl, yeah You only live once, do whatever you like I thought I'd be wit'chu for, only one night Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life That drunken hot girl [Chorus: Kanye West] Man, she go through too much bullshit  just to mess with these drunk and hot girls (have a lil' sippy-sippy) We gone through too much bullshit  just to mess with these drunk and hot girls (she say she want a Brewski?) We go... through too... much shit... to mess... mess with... these drunk... All of these drunk and hot girls [Mos Def] La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da-dahhh, dahhh Blap! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z, Mos Def, Talib Kweli Album: I'm Good Mixtape Song: Get By (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com, celestialchic74@aol.com [Mos Def] History It's happenin' every day y'all (right now) Everyday (right now) Right now (good mornin', Vietnam!) Listen Brooklyn wins again It's the Stuy, it's the Bush, dem niggaz again Ta' Kweli, Mighty Def, and S. Dot on the guest lock Kanye, you're the dope man in hip hop, now let's rock Now roll out niggaz, my hometown niggaz I get it good in your hood so slow down niggaz Watch the speed though, man, you better let ease off A street talk into a collision course with these walls - bam! They don't move, don't pray, don't lose, don't sleep Life passin', light flasin', life happens that fast part a gun Black hands up in prayer Black guns up in fear Dyin' wish is to touch the air Seekin' heaven that wasn't here Eyes will not see another year It's another day It's the same fight Different round, sound the bell Mix it up in victory where you live it up the beat And get risen up you're knocked down get it back and get it up Get off of queer street and get with us And get clear where we did it From the heart, from the people From the top, from the jeep From the gut, from the street From my soul to the mic to the essence Say in my absence you feel the presence, exactly I make contact for short, I, MC Me and mine we don't just get by We get free and that's ready [Mos -- nigga] [Jay-Z] Just to get by Nigga I sold coke, nigga I pushed lah Carried a fo'five Claimed I was ready to die Promised never to cry Held it all inside Reality was too much to take so I Kept my mind fried Slept for most of mine Soon as I closed my eyes Then I woke up behind Thinkin' either I load up these nines Or blow up with rhymes 'Cause this flow of mine is like blow up but lines of coca And your folks think Hov' just wrote stuff to rhyme Nah, I'm a poster for what happened seein your moms Doin five dollars worth to work just to get a dime So pardon my disposition Why should I listen to a system that never listened to me? Picture me working McDonald's I'd rather pull a mac on you Sorry Ms. Jackson but I'm packin [Kanye West] It's on I'm packin' weight like nina simone Piano flow  It's like a Michaelangelo painted a portrait of Maya Angelou And gave it to a sick poet for they antidote If music get's you choked up this is the tree and a rope This is Chi nigga, I'm mista all-a-dat Fuck a map, let's put this bitch on the almanac Dice what they hittin' for, 'lax what you sittin' on Tracks who you spittin on, rap till we get it on And don't let nobody with the power to sign Ever tell you you ain't got the power to rhyme They used to tell me toughen up Put some bass in your voice They used to tell me lighten up Put some mase in your voice Lord willin' I ain't kill nobody But I have a feelin' this album That I'm gonna make a killin' Or not a shillin' This is love it or hate it music But, at least we made it music And we didn't make it industry This is gon' be interesting This'll be the end of me or I'm fittin' to be an entity Kanye, Jay-Z, Mos Def, and Kweli We are not makin' songs no more We're makin' history [background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (by) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by, just to get by [background singers] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah Bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Just to get by, just to get by Just to get by We keep it gangsta, stay 'fo shizzle', 'fo sheezy' To set the tide to the violence on the TV during the war Killin each other is easy, there's war and liquor for fallen niggaz Believe me, it's ghetto love, I bet you seen it all befo' Just to get by, my people we get fly My people we get high, fillin cigars with the lah Nigga come on, even Jesus was stoned before receivin' the throne I said to rest in peace to Nina Simone [Busta Rhymes] Back in the days we was used to doin the shit I can't call it all in the streets We was hustlin fiends that asked for it I guess I was used to just standin on corners Waitin for paper bags with bundles of crack Hopin the week was good so I could get money back To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by When I was stressed I possessed a side of my strength That made me angry and bleed With the frustration havin me smokin Newports and weed To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by Those be the times when I try to rely On my niggaz and street motherfuckers And reach out to wifey and then I place a call on my mother To get by, just to get by, just to get by, just to get by (Hey yo mom pick up the phone, I g- I gotta to talk to you ma) If you was five percent instead of actin stupid and guessin You had to go and study your lessons And know your math in the building in session [Hook: Talib Kweli + background singers] This morning I woke up Feelin brand new, I jumped up Feelin my highs and my lows In my soul, and my goals Just to stop smoking and stop drinkin But I been thinkin I got my reasons Just to get (by), just to get (by) Just to get (by), just to get (get buh buh buh bye bye) [background singers repeat in the background] bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah dah bah dah bah dah, bah dah bah daaah [Talib Kweli] Some people try Some people try just to get by For my piece of the pie You love to eat and be high We deceive and we lie And we keepin' it fly - yo yo yo yo yo People ??? Keeper of the skies Can't see your eyes See the evil inside The best people you find Stronger people in mind I stay readin' the signs yo-yo-yo-yo yo [repeat] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: College Dropout Song: Get Em High Typed by: westcoastrydah71@hotmail.com [Kanye West] I'm tryin to catch the beat, uh I'm tryin to catch the beat I'm tryin to catch the beat, uh uh, uh I'm tryin to catch the beat [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH [Verse 1: Kanye West] N-n-n-now, my flow Is in the pocket like Wallace, I got the bounce like hydrolics I can't call it, I got the swerve like alchoooool-ics My freshman year I was goin through hella problems Still I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up outta collllllll-ege My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her why don't you kill me I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna folllllllllll-ow My heart, and if you follow the charts, to the plaques or the stacks You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see I'm so shy that you thought it was bashfull but this Bastards flow will bash a skull And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro And I don't, usualy smoke but pass the dro And I won't, give you that money that you askin fo' Why you think, me and Dame cool, we ass holes That's why we here your music in fast fo' Cuz we don't wanna here that weak shit no mo' [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH [Verse 2: Kanye West] + (girl) N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this E-mailin me at 11:26, tellin me that she 36-26, plus double-d You know how girls on black planet be when they get bubblee At NYU but she headed from Kansas Right now she just lampin, chillin on campus Sent me a picture with a feelin on Candice Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis W-H-I-T, it's gettin late mami, your screen saver say tweet So you got to call me, and bring a friend for my friend His name Kweli (You mean Talib, lyric sticks to your rib) I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib) I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin) Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pickup the line She gon' think that I'm lyin, just spit a couple of lines Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time, and get her high [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Yeah I can't believe this nigga use my name for pickin up dimes but never mind (Get Em High!) I need some tracks you tryin to pull tracks out And my rhymes as fittin to blow you tryin to blow backs out Well ok (Get Em High) You twisted my arm, I'll asist with the charm, aiyyo Ain't you meet that chick at that conference with yo moms And she's the bomb (Get Em High) Boy she got the bouji behavior Always got somethin to say like a okayplaya hater (Keep Em High) Anyway, I don't usualy fuck a interneter Chicks with birth control stuck to they arm like Nicorette You really fuckin that much, you tryin to get off cigarettes If she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet I appoligize if I come off a little inconsiderate I got the bubble cushion a sister could get a hit of it [Verse 4: Common] Get em high like noon, or the moon or room filled with smoke A high filled with dope Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune, but I still feel the notes The real nigga quotes Real rappers is hard to find, like a remote, control rap is not a Used soup it still got life, that's why I abuse you who are not thugs Rock clubs, it's like Tiger, Woods in the hood, to have my own reality show Called Soul Survivor, I stole all liver, niggaz in you You'se a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you How could I ever let your words affect me, they say Hip-Hop is dead I'm here to resurrect me, mugs is too sexy to even make songs like these That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys To many featured emcees, and pro-ducers is populer Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to coppin her Album, how come, you the hot garbager The years clear your image and snooped up Label got you souped up, tellin you you sick Man you a dick with a loose nut Video hard to watch like Medusa Even your club record need a booster Chimped up, with a pimp cup, illiterate nigga Read the infa, red across your head I'm bread king like Simba Bolder then Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper just a emcee with a temper You dancin' for money like Honey, I did this my way So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye Spittin through wires and fires, emcees retirin Got yo hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then [Chorus: Kanye West] N-now, th-th-through ya motherfuckin hands GET EM HIGH All the girls pass the weed to ya motherfuckin man GET EM HIGH Now I ain't never tell you to put down ya hands KEEP EM HIGH And if ya losin yo high than smoke again KEEP EM HIGH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Al Be, Mos Def Album: Graduation Song: Good Night * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * bonus track on the international version of "Graduation" [Mos Def] I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true [Hook - Mos Def] I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'ma just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes to you I'ma just say good night [Verse 1 - Kanye West] Right now I can see it so vivid Like it was just yesterday like I could relive it Me and my grandparents on a field trid-it And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that Man I wish I could stop time like a photograph Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass What do it mean when you dream that you fallin' What do it mean when you dream that you ballin' What do it mean when you never dream at all then And you don't really know cause you can't recall them It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to People you never got a chance to say bye to Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams Into real life (real life), if you try to So close (so close), but so far (so far) And so far (so far), no cigar (no cigar) We can't dwell on the past all we got is today So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow No goodbyes... [Hook - Mos Def] I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'ma just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes to you I'm just say good night [Verse 2 - Al Be] Uh, to you If I part, my art will live through you Dream beautiful, and unusual Wake up like everyday new to you Stay true to you, a hood musical My art will live through you Dream beautiful and unusual Wake up like everyday new to you Stay true to you, a hood musical [Hook - Mos Def] I don't wanna say goodbye, to you So I'ma just say good night, to you My people, no goodbyes, to you I'm just say good night [Mos Def - Repeat x4] I'm not sure anymore, more Who is knocking at my door, door All the faces that I know Ja make them so sunny and true The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Charlie Wilson, Mos Def, Raekwon, Swizz Beatz Album: Lord Lord Lord 12" Song: Lord Lord Lord Typed by: Cno Evil [Swizz Beatz] This is something special This is something new This is something special This is something new [Charlie Wilson] Lord Lord Lord [Mos Def] The power of observation marvells and frights, its strange delights attributes, properties, disciplines and novelties ecstatic patterns in the calender design wilderness tours guided by and for the blind cool rulers standing still sweating through the shade who knew those lights only grew bright to fame dead wrong pageantry lottery and games slight of hand provided by extravagant and fake the carnival till bell will hustle for the age they clutch what they covet but what must they give away who was uninvited who was asked to come and stay surprise it's your life its your business anyway so please pardonly and such curious minds peace safe passage, precious time hither and gone, the day of days (?) this tiny stone illuminated by a star far gone only star so large, many more to make our largest star show small furthermore the end is not the end no stop but I'm pausing what we can witness is all that isn't all (?) scotch and pork chops the passion, expansion the order of the random see the dreamers see the sleepers (?) sweet jesus and life on Earth seek heaven first let put in this work [Charlie Wilson] Lord Lord lord Lord Lord lord This is something special This is something new [Kanye West] Her heels set the mood where did you acquire those are liars when I met you I heard Jesus bells, strings and a choir I got lines better than niggas albums, plural king of the urban make your shit sound rural she said I hit it so deep she need an epidural them other niggas have you looking like a squirrel and thats nuts, I only hang around with white boys that like black sluts tell em Plain Pat yo that track sucks we aint dissin' you between the position you play something for us to listen to I'm tryin' to worry about my scratch minus the crabs I aint stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs i got scripts so why we need a movie and if I'm a douche than put me in your coochie I swear they should have never gave these niggas loosely and excuse me if I'm trapped by the boobies boobie trap, holla back [Swizz Beatz] AK on the lap like whats that clik clak this is something special this is something new All white Bentley I call that momma my life crazy like Obama's you talk slick well I'm Osama Bin Laden, whats happenin' I get it crackin' all black carpet, Ima rich yeah its gonna take you a couple years to get this here thank AP while they thank me and I'd be mad too if you aint me call me Mr D's or Mister boss see me riding clean in a Rolls Royce niggas talking funny that's old money niggas looking crazy but they acting funny nowadays rappers, they like bloggers you see me I'ma a bank (?) coming through your hood and I brings trucks with 25's on it like what the fuck hundred feet and better why they fuck you stick paparzzi on the water, why the fuck you stick my face got the fuck you pricks my beats go hard like fuck you dicks pourin' champagne damn thing sit there rockin' sway nigga in the damn ring aint a damn thing, money aint a damn thing ask Yeezy and most we do the god damn thing get down to the precious lovers [Raekwon] Ayo open glass on my fingers I sit back like I'm caged but still cakin' my niggas is hatin' it's like being in the livest Lambo in the hood you a piece of steak I'd rather be that than some bacon every project is a throne, only just bigger stones they throw that why I wear a big hat and roll weed gone if you don't know where you came or when you came all you know is weed and cocaine non believers no game I'm zooted down, rollin' a spliff maxin' flamin' like wheres the attraction I'm son he's attracted guaranteed to service the real niggas or cruisin' in a Volvo duffy for dolo puffy polo that blow house is where I reside live amongst fiends, countin' currency hittin' blunts only to hear the door rumble grab the four hope it aint the law or maybe some nigga tryna score [Charlie Wilson] Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord (repeated) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Mos Def, Freeway, Harlem Boys Choir Album: The College Dropout Song: Two Words Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [Kanye West] We in the streets playa, getcha mail It's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes Everybody, fuck that Still nowhere to go...sill nowhere to go.. [Mos Def] Two words, United States, no love, no brakes Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules Presidential scandals, everybody MOVE Two words, Mos Def, K West, hot shit Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this Game pump, lock shit, gun pump, cock shit We won't stop shit, everybody MOVE Two words, BK, NY, Bed-Stuy Too harsh, too hungry, too many, that's why These streets know game, can't ball, don't play Heavy traffic, one lane, everybody MOVE Two words, Mos Def, black check, hot shit Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this Game pa on lock, gun pump cocked We won't stop, everybody MOVE Chorus: Kanye West (Harlem Boys Choir) 1 - Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas (Throw your hands up high)   Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)   Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh) 2 - and keep ya hands up bustless, bustas (Till they reach the sky)   Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)   Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh) [Kanye West] (Harlem Boys Choir) Aiyyo, two words, Chi town, South side, world wide Cuz I, rep that, till I, fuckin die One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats One wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "Gimme that" I am limelight, Blueprint, 5 Mics Go get his rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice Most imitated, Grammy nominated Hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated Barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it Felt like it rained till the roof caved in Two words, Chi town, raised me, crazy So I live by two words, "Fuck you, pay me" Screamin, Jesus save me You know how the game be I can't let em change me Cuz on Judgment Day, you gon blame me Look God, it's the same me And I (Throw) basically know now (Your Hands) We've been (Up) racially profiled (High) Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (ohhhhhh) Plus I got a whole city to hold down (ohhhhhh) From the bottom to the tops The only place to go down [Chorus 2nd verse] [Freeway] Two words, Freeway, two letters, A-R Turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners Like Jackie Jurner, you better sleep with your burner The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car My God, two words, no guns, break arms Break necks, break backs, Steven Segal Free... young Boss, freshmen of the Roc If the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs the broads, forget ya squad, betta fend for yourself Have you screamin out four words "Send for the Law" uh Two words, Freeway's slightly retarded Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad.. [Harlem Boys Choir] (Mos Def) Throw... (red) Your... (white) Hands... (blue) Up... (black) Throw... (calm) Your... (down) Hands... (move) Up... (back) Throw... (motherfuckers) Your... (askin) Hands... (who is) Up... (that) Throw... (you know) Your... (it's the) Hands... (almighty) Up... (Mighty Johnny Jack) Throw... (Mos) Your... (Def) Hands... (K) Up... (West) Throw... (there go) Your... (people) Hands... (get this) Up... (shit off ya chest) Throw... (north) Your... (to the south) Hands... (to the east) Up... (to the west) Throw... (we got) Your... (that concert) Hands... (it was no) Up... (contest) HIGH! (an show it to em like) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Common, Q-Rip, Rhymefest, Talib Kweli Album: Late Registration (UK Import) Song: We Can Make it Better Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kanye West] ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it better ("Make It Up") We can make it Somebody told me that Delta's brownskinned, AKAs' lightskinned And they supposed to be bougious, so they got white friends First day of school, I'mma take you sight seein' Show you what we do on weekends for a sight, man She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hypeman" She let a nigga hit it, and now she only date white men And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightnin'; but [Chorus: Kanye West] ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can make it on up, we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it better (Better we can) ("Make It Up") We can make it [Talib Kweli] The night fallin' over Brooklyn, where they murder for change The converter remains faithful to the drugdealer priestess He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name Kweli the truth, like I'm comin' out the mouth of (?) One for it, one for out the grave Niggaz want they reperations, How you calculate the amount to be paid You try to imagine America without the slaves (the slaves) [Q-Tip] Her tenament yo, is rat infested Her heart is like a gold (?) cause she wouldn't protest it Cause, her bestfriend's man got popped He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a glock In the hood is a everday happenin' A friend of the priest say she chose out the captain She yelled out "Why you do this to black men?" [Common] I think of eighty seven ways, to make better days Whether climb or rhyme, I heard of rebel pays On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades Music, rhymin' good like escalates In the ghetto infested by shade and drama And niggaz wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma I'm thinkin' big like Little Wayne in the (?) [Rhymefest] C'mon; Tell people the truth, but never give 'em ya true thoughts Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports Partiot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now Johnny Cochran dead, who gonna get us free now? Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now? Who gon' make it better for the thugs and Ps now? Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile? Oh, it's good music, yeah dog I see now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: YoungBlood Brass Band f/ Talib Kweli Album: Unlearn Song: Y'All Stay Up Typed by: Goindeep84@hotmail.com [Talib Kweli] Chorus: For every second of Every minute of Every hour of Every day of My life, I stayed plugged and away from fake thugs Celebrate make love Y'all stay up (Repeat 2X) Verse 1: My people rise we immune to the evil eye We in the times when mosquito bites make people die Birds falling out the sky from the pesticides Niggas survive with no time for the wonder why Get high, get fly, get wonderful Rock earth tones, language is colorful Walking light with the big sticks through the night Find a beautiful life through usual strife We throw change-ups Now it's time to switch the game up Brooklyn lick-shot Let the heaters spit the flame up Mentioning those who came up Always bringing Kweli name up We off the hook Them other cats got hang ups Chorus Verse 2: We came from fourty acres and a cheap mule None of what we do Is smoke blunts, drink forties, get paper and keep to Crews carry out justice with street rules Think what they need to, pay deep dues to heap fews Murder machines, designer jeans we bleed through The weak fools in the elite few are see-through You peep who fake if your eyes are keen to reality You see who cling to the mind state of fallacy They can't face the tragedy of spiritual depravity They see the situation but they don't know the gravity I mastered the response by following the calling The light shining behind me casting shadows on the fallen For, every second of, the night we wrecking clubs Get the people's hands up above Get respect and love worldwide International, son of the black national And pan-african back again over soul beats Hold heat like the sunshine (Truly?) for one time No peace ever since justice become blind That bitch act like she can't see what we been through I bitch-slap mics, raise my voice and continue like that Yes we rocking like that, that, that We gonna continue like that, that Like that, that Like that, that That, that, that, that Chorus Verse 3: Rocking and shocking the house YoungBlood brass band Hot and we knocking 'em out Kweli from Brooklyn and we Drop from the top to the south So what now? Showing you all what it's all about In the language of those who blast before they talk it out (repeat 4X) In the language of those who blast before they talk it out In the language of those who blast before they talk it out In the language of those who blast before they talk it out Artist: Zap Mama f/ Common, Talib Kweli Album: Zap Mama Song: Yelling Away Typed by: ihda2@hotmail.com [Talib] Ok, its the emcee extraordinaire Talib Kweli Chillin on Soundbombing 3, with my peoples From the East, Cypha Soundz, from West, Mr. Choc This is how we do it, I got y'all back, y'all got mine Let's do this- no more music motherfuckers [laughing] [Zap Mama- Chorus] Yelling, yelling, yelling away Going, going, going away And fly, away [Talib] Yo, fly in it Blue skies the limit, the skies infinite It reflect in the eyes of those who try to send spies in it Capture the sun if they could, but they go blind by it Look in the sky and I see Africa's eyes in it The land is dry like the cry in'finite The tear we shed grow to fruit til the eye replenish The industry wanna try to give my rhyme a sentence Behind bars with my rhymes diminished, they tryna end us But all them clowns do is give my mind a senate To watch my people's enemy die in my presence Fly away on the highest adventure out on the line And enter the gate of Zion, need to decide who sent em' I went through the jungle (yeah) Stalking like a black panther, rap's answer to that cancer Choking the life out the hood They won't let a man emancipate his people This refreshing like the spray of the bay in Puerto Rico [Chorus] x2 [Zap Mama] All the things, you desire Earth...wind...water, fire These elements hammer nice together See, you can find it there Find it there [Chorus] x2 [Common] Yo, I came into this world as the naked truth A little baby girl, trying to make it through Through this earth, wind, fire and water That I'm someone's daughter Cadence of divine order Sorta sent to let the people know their times spent It's precious and we can't keep our minds bent On just the pleasures of sex, drugs, wine, bread In essence, we one with the environment Though I've been here, less than a year Being so close to god, I guess I haven't learned the fear When I heard nature telling me, time to come home Told my mind this is the path for you to walk, not to run on Understand the night, to reach a higher day Follow yourself so you can fly away (fly away) Fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg, fly away dawg [Zap Mama] You are feeling, the stress But in life, you're truly blessed Go...for...nothing less Spread your wings and fly away Fly away [Chorus] x4 [Zap Mama] Go...for...nothing less (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Zion I f/ Talib Kweli Album: True & Livin' Song: Temperature Typed by: jpetty@uoregon.edu [Zion I] Yeah, yeah, hey The cityscape where I stay is gettin hot now unemployment is high and buildings is gettin chopped down gold teeth populating the block slurring slang they ignite on the lookout for cops make the shots ring out like the liberty bell no escape from the heat that's getting hotter than hell like the oven's on broil, with blood stains in the soil pimped on in the colors of crown royal and little sister's got a baby on hip and her momma never home so the cycle is sick young ballers on the court wanna play in the league but got knocked in the spot for a quarter of weed it's getting hot in here, baby leave on your clothes much more to living life than emulating them hoes I try to speak truth in the form of my flows but the temperature is rising it's harder to grow, fo' sho' [Hook: repeat 2X] Gotta keep my head up (yeah) even though I'm fed up (survival every day) gettin' hard to eat (right) and all the drama in the street (it's gettin hot in every way) [Talib Kweli] Heads up, eyes open, rest in peace headquarters tunnel vision, most of us is rushing like a special order of stolen NIA (?) The block is hot the ghetto on fire with more narc sales than Avon Barksdale from that show The Wire we keep growing like hair when you die black butterfly on the rose that's preparing to fly I paint a picture with the color of the orquid, it's vivid whatever kid I talk it, I spit it, I walk it, I live it God bless every step and need to go through a reverend your boy used to gouge an eye out just to get into heaven we live between heaven and hell like John Constantine doing crimes they confessing like a teenage drama queen we were leaning now were falling down like Michael Douglas I spit it fast, I gotta get it out, they might unplug it and try to drug us, so I stay aware and watch out for the set up never scared to go head up, got a plan to get my bread up, and [Hook] 