Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Calm Before the Storm Part I Song: Planet Rock 2K Typed by: Hot_Gyrl_3000@aol.com (intro:) You know what I'm sizzlin It's time to get this party started right baby Aw....my name.. they call me Tech N9ne And I ah need a carabu lu Uh that's 151 malibu rum and pineapple juice You know what I'm sizzlin Ha! Uh you down't know what dat is Can't get the party started without that Let's do it (verse 1:) You want me to jam I'm finna enta  Brain waves came from insane days Make ya sick like bad mayonnaise (Tech N9ne) Got the remidie rhyme Infinity Criminally tryna be some shit I crack ya open like the youngest male Kennedy Got the whole planet rockin off the low blows Dammit I show flows and poke holes that's supposed to be yo'z Seekin my haters and in a dark alley tourmented by mine Dodgin the (tech 4x N9ne 4x) Now here's a message Liberace may Chocolatate' take em I'ma rock na  Playa, nigga fuck what I say Throw ya souls in the air like this Flash ya bar codes while I stick em  with another hit up out of the abyss The Tech N9ne out to find vaginas Since the playa clubbin it, grubbin it Lovin that crema streama My thing when I flips I got to make sho that it's hot Gotta make the whole planet rock like this (Chorus:) Make that ass hop, don't stop Down south niggaz make the planet rock MIDWEST, too much ass in one room Rat-a-tat tat-a-tat tat-a-tat BOOM Make dat ass hop, make dat ass hop All da ladies in the party make the planet rock See dat ass hop, watch dat ass hop All da fellas like to see ya make da planet rock Hahaha dats way to much ass for me baby slow it down right here (Verse 2:) Call it what ya want it Ghetto futuristic come get up on it There's a black up in my sector can I jump on it Cause all we wanna do is Get drunk, get blowed, spin shits, and fuck hoes We quick to beat a buster down bad MidWest side put me in the sound lab Now I'm hot damn like a ????? I'm flippin backwards for you flow snatchers Blast ya'll When I ask me to playin fast ball Crash yall Glad yall Mad yall  Cause last call was in the back of the club Bangin da hell outta dis bad bra On my planet we take no haters for granted They Kris Kross (10 seconds til lift off) Be somethin pistol grips off Ripped off The techniques I complete heat Retreat 69 to 6 feet Unique speeks freak tweeks Never let the BCs can it While the true trooper? of Tech Nena rock the planet (Chorus) Ay partna I got a wild one here  man see if you can help me here with this thang It's all delicious baby (Verse 3:) I got dat type of funk to make ya ??? scream three Six rappaz beein hunted by a killa MC I neva killd a ???with a 36D A party with the bitches on my planet lookin crispy Swiftly makin rappers do 360 (Neva do three 6s) Otha niggas tryna dis me be (Under these prefixes) Non ill mouth Functional (N9ne) Rambuctional Neva let up off a heated mic till I'm comfortable Road Dawgs style 57, 56 street gang Grips we gain Anybody wanna trips we bang Hit us with (??? make em ask 4 it) (Makin hella hoes getta nut) (Make em put a ???? in dey butt) (Betta hope she a slut) (Nigga road neva give a fuck) Why the attitude Nena rache' got the sauce I'm mad casue the chiefs lost I'm pissed off In Kansas City I'm str8 from the abis Tech N9ne I got the planet rock with me The whole planet rock like this Nigga back up I aint know that was yo woman All the broke ass playa haters be quiet (YEAH) (Chorus) I can tell that you can tell that I'm twisted  by the bulge in my pants so let's do it baby like this uh Kansas City make da Planet Rock (Ugh) St. Louis make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Missouri make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Chicago make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Lawrence, Kansas make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Topeka make da Planet Rock (Ugh) KCK make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Witchita make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Minnasota make da Planet Rock (Ugh) Cleveland make da Planet Rock (say wha) Nebraska make da Planet Rock (ugh) Oklahoma make da Planet Rock (ugh) Detroit make da Planet Rock (ugh) Mississippi make da Planet Rock (ugh) Memphis make da Planet Rock (Bitch) Indiana make da Planet Rock (ugh) Dakota make da Planet Rock (ugh) Carolina make da Planet Rock (ugh) Virginia make da Planet Rock (ugh) D.C make da Planet Rock (ugh) Baton Rouge make da Planet Rock (ugh) New Orleans make da Planet Rock (ugh) Arkansas make da Planet Rock (ugh) Alabama make da Planet Rock (ugh) Atlanta make da Planet Rock (say wha) Houston make da Planet Rock (say wha) Dallas make da Planet Rock (say wha) Fort Worth make da Planet Rock (say wha) Miami make da Planet Rock (say wha) New Jersey make da Planet Rock (say wha) Philly make da Planet Rock (say wha) New York make da Planet Rock (say wha) Las Vegas make da Planet Rock (say wha) Arizona make da Planet Rock (BEATCH!) Seattle make da Planet Rock (say wha) California make da Planet Rock (say wha) L.A make da Planet Rock (say wha) Englewood make da Planet Rock (say wha) Compton make da Planet Rock (say wha) Long Beach make da Planet Rock (BITCH!) Sacramento make da Planet Rock (ugh) Oaktown make da Planet Rock (BITCH) San Dieago make da Planet Rock (HOE) San Fransisco make da Planet Rock (say wha) Mid-West make da Planet Rock (say wha) Down SOuth make da Planet Rock (say wha) East Coast make da Planet Rock (say wha) West Coast make da Planet Rock (say wha) I say ya mama make the planet Rock I say ya daddy make the planet rock I say ya mama sucked a dick cock (outro:) And we done Cut dat shit out! Motherfucker Pola Bear in da house Pola Bear track masta 98 style Motherfuckin Midwest side to da fullest Teck N9Ne, Don Juan Nigga We in the Bear tracks Punck ass bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Calm Before The Storm Song: Cloudy Eyed Stroll (Remix) Typed by: lyricalking@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Sunday morning I awake with head aching from the night before Me and my niggas at the bowling alley tripping cuz we all tore I reminisce and kinda laugh despite my pain Cuz they kicked us out for throwing balls in other peoples lane Sunny day in the summer Is about to become a cloudy one outey from perious puffs Devious sluts, mysterious stuff Picked up the phone its on I got my niggas on the line ready to swoop the N9ne Once again I'm trippin on my relish to spend But today I'm not gonna take these bitches to the West Glenn Cuz me and my Road Doggs and Road Hoggs Slippin on a mission and conteplating on old calls 30 minutes later I'm waiting at the door ready to go Feeling releived when I heard my niggas roll Yelling thats my ride as my babygirl cries Stepped inside looked around and everybodies looking Cloudy Eyed 8x's Come and take a ride wit me, fly wit me, Get high wit me, come and get cloudy eyes wit me [Verse 2] Everybodies blown but me Timly got them straight cummolous in his eyes Puffing because Dr. Bombay and Purple Fuzz up above This Sunday sunny day had that ??????? Scoop just started because his eyes restratus 435 North we dipping the suburbans filled with smoke We jerking I'm hoping to get the new rotation working no joking Eyes open For the feels what it is what it was what it shall be Is we high on L.A. indeed Pass the puffy on the mid west town side much obliged Cuz I'm feeling high up and cloudy eyed Windows down windows round my crown astounded Right now my ?marial? dont wanna be grounded I clowned it Now my name is Munchie Oooh you high 7-11 got the best food in the country Blunts be serious when stuffed with funk From the depths of Mizzou niggas have no clue what to do Caught up with black in Texas Will Whats the deal on our way to New Peking for real We loud and boistrous as we stepped inside Peoples looking at us funny cuz everybodies looking [Verse 3] Cloudy eyed stroll now my strides slow Walking up out the New Peking eyes closed Took another hit from the poison mist Got my brain on twist but I still persist Whats up? What we doing on a Sunday eve Its straight to 5-6 best beleive We calling up some biancas on the humbug To come down around the town everybody else is Skateland bound 5-6-1-6 Highland feeling far out like Thailand My man Diamond said no one can roll em like i can Damn once again its on the biatreces from the phones In the house and they straight getting blown What ever happened I dont know Woke up on the flo 5 o'clock in the morning I'm read to go fa sho Gotta get back to the crib my squeeze said this shit is getting old They dropped me off and thats the end of my (cloudy eyed) stroll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Calm Before the Storm Part I Song: Flipside Typed by: Chronic@TheRegime.cjb.net * * send corrections to the typist [Girl] Only if you promise to smack me goddamnit [Tech N9ne] I think I'm gonna do the uhh.. hook on this one. Yea *Tech and girl moaning* [Tech N9ne] Ok, turn around so I can hit it from the back [Girl] No [Tech N9ne] Come on! [Girl] I don't want to.. [Tech N9ne] You don't want me to hit it from the back? Come on! BIANC! [Tech N9ne] I like to hit it on flip Don't trip I make it worth it If you nervous I got the service That'll make you work it You deserve it A sex spot To flex wet spots With grip Stressin' now cause ain't nobody throwin tips Ya hips So amazin' I'm gazin' You blazin' Praisin' That I'm no longer shriveled like a raisin I'm stone - hopin that ya homegirl I entered is I'm down, even if the ??'s degenerous I'ma clown the punana Pound the pupan Hate it like a croutan Wise words from ?God Zoutan? The flip baby No gip baby Nina like the way you strip baby No way you dip ladies See me in your city be ready When I'm looking for some fun I be coming at ya Five hundred worth of 1's Just the trick off Gather ya oils to lick off You and ya homegirl rollin' with me, jerkin' my dick off Not a rip off Just gettin' it tossed The lip gloss Ya lips lost So deep in it they callin' me the pit boss I'm lovin' it the way you got me shovin' it ? Slip-slide. Watch yo ? I cried when I hit it on the flipside (Chorus) [Girl] Which side [Tech N9ne] Flipside [Girl] This side [Tech N9ne] Ladies so I ? die [Girl] That's right [Tech N9ne] Ain't nothin' thick about the way I like it The jiggle making me fizzle when you make it make it wiggle a little Stay on the Flipside [Girl] Which side [Tech N9ne] Flipside [Girl] This side [Tech N9ne] Ladies so I ? die [Girl] That's right [Tech N9ne] This ain't no ballad talkin' about how I'm in love This is strictly for the strippers in the club, on the flipside [Tech N9ne] Meet me in Las Vegas, I'm stayin' at the Grand Keys under Nina when you be fightin' with yo man Into it - no undees Get ready to bungy jump me Knew you meant business when you ripped out my aubercumby Hormones hungry Like to get me down under like Crocodile Dundee Keepin' yo sex weapons from me I'm grungy ?? I'm freaky like zombie ?? Yellin Tech N9ne I love the way you done me And then I'm Solomon Grundy You's a flower when I killed it You wilt it Who got power Call me (Deep Space N9ne) ??? Cuz I rocked 'em all With socks and all Y'all 'iancs, I hit the lots of y'all Slots Show em, show 'em what you got Girl you makin' it hot ??? Non stop This game is silky I hope you milk I'm fiendin' Not killin' me cause you can't touch my vibe If you jockin' Kenin I fly in semen Ya cryin' ? It feels so well Get chills in Hell Screamin' demon Before you nut up I want you to shut up And give it to me face down, butt up I just die When I hit it on the flipside [Girl] Which side [Tech N9ne] Flipside [Girl] This side [Tech N9ne] Ladies so I ? die [Girl] That's right [Tech N9ne] Ain't nothin' thick about the way I like it The jiggle making me fizzle when you make it make it wiggle a little Stay on the Flipside [Girl] Which side [Tech N9ne] Flipside [Girl] This side [Tech N9ne] Ladies so I ? die [Girl] That's right [Tech N9ne] This ain't no ballad talkin' about how I'm in love This is strictly for the strippers in the club, on the flipside [Tech N9ne] Can you feel it baby (Do you want me to touch my waistline) I can heal it baby (?? trust, press and grind) Bout to kill it baby (Doin' the fucks, a good time) I wanna do it baby, stick it baby (Sex on the mind) Enough! Girl you drivin' me nuts You and ya homie's hype horny comin back from peenuts With hokie-pokie On the brain and we can keep it low-key ? hot is when they comin' back from sokey ?? without the oppostry Listen closely Lap dance in the corner I'm all up on her Two more coronas You leaving with me Cuz I'm increasing the fee You leasin to pee Hella fat like Jackie, pleasening me I got mine, what you do Call girls, the way you dance and strip Deck down to ya tips Beautiful lips Ya say that ya Like it way betta From a wild style Nigga comin' sex crazed at ya On the flipside [Outro] Can you feel it baby (Do you want me to touch my waistline) I can heal it baby (?? trust, press and grind) Bout to kill it baby (Doin' the fucks, a good time) I wanna do it baby, stick it baby (Sex on the mind) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Larone Burnette, Sole Album: The Calm Before the Storm (Part 1) Song: Clueless Typed by: food_stamp2000@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I can't believe you did this to me after all I did for you Cause you made me so mad and there's nothing you can do You and I were clueless, but you were the most And I guess you just got lost Baby you were just clueless So clueless What did I do to deserve this kind of pain? Out of all the fights, this was the main You said to give it a chance But I saw you at the dance We tried to work it out But I still had a doubt (Clueless) I just can't take the risk of getting hurt again And you're way worse than other men I used to think you had a brain But now I know that you're way insane You tried to steal my heart away And you'll pay for that someday (Clueless) I can't believe you did this to me after all I did for you Cause you made me so mad and there's nothing you can do You and I were clueless, but you were the most And I guess you just got lost Baby you were just clueless (So clueless) I cant believe I let you play me for a fool N' wt you did was so totally uncool I had no clue it would end this way And I don't really care of what you have to say I'll never forgive you for what you did Gosh, I was such a kid (So clueless) But now that I'm grown and mature I realize that I was blind and unsure It ain't gonna happen no more tho {no mo} And it's obviously the end of us, yo Now I just wanna scream and shout Cause you don't even know what our relationship was about (So Clueless) Should've told me the truth in the first place Now I'm gonna have to pick up the pace Boo if you loved me so Then you wouldn't be this low But now that I figured out your cheating ways It's just too damn late (For us to ever be togetha again!!) And you won't get away with anything else these days (this I promise you... Yeah...) I can't believe you did this to me after all I did for you Cause you made me so mad and there's nothing you can do You and I were clueless, but you were the most And I guess you just got lost Baby you were just clueless Clueless.. Clueless!!!! (You should've told me before... should've trusted our love should've thought about that before you went on and broke my heart.. but its ok because in the end I'm better off without you and its just too bad that I cant say the same about you! you're so clueless) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne & 57th. St. Rogue Dog Vilans Album: The Calm Before the Storm (Part 1) Song: Now It's On Typed by: threeptking@jps.net Wicked wicked Now it's on (echos) [Short Nitty] I murder your whole city Nigga like Frank Nitty's hideous as idiots Niggas betta get respect when I flex  Comin tech flows like amphibians From here to the Carribeans Unexplored territories like Venus Niggas never seen the teen the teams keenest Bury ya mind like Zimas Infared beamers keep ya posse on my penis [Tech N9ne] Now it's on Wickeds in this da link a mid to west flex Did a piss To this bitch who dis this cl-ick Bliss is hangin that bitch by the clitoris You get spit on Shit on Hit on Get on the dick of this Sl-ick niggaRA But you can always call the Nina A killer in America Amerikilla [Short Nitty] I got skills to kill Like overdosin pills Blood spills for million dollar bills You can't try to peel this Or feel the illness Of a nigga that's comin out real (real) I don't know why Nigga you livin a lie A plus I despise those who try A nigga like I this high and fly and sly Mid west side so you just might die [Tech N9ne] Check it out I murder these hoes, Hercules flows My shit carries on like hepatitis So don't bites me An enemy  Gimme no fuckery foul like (what) Now I gotta cock it to re-write it I might just Make a nigga bite dust When I bust plus Can maybe feels great Can it be ill? yes Sanity kills a real nigga but still  I wreckin like I'm a Deville The best, the NINE!, correct, BURN! Now it's your turn You must LEARN! Misery niggas the craze like 24 gang niggas on SHERM! When it's on I be heated like a hot comb Tell these punk muthafuckas to leave me alone When I'm in the zone you get blown away Get the clothes away Mitch Bade niggas cause it's on today [chorus]18x Now it's on [Lejo] Now let me smoke and choke Let these niggas know that Lejo ain't brought no jokes Nigga betta learn the ropes We like costra nostra  And'll fuck around and cut yo' throat Decapitation facin devastation nations when they ragin can't stop this Nigga you can catch a fist  And you can rest in piss But the diss and you thought I missed I'm indestructable and untouchable Ain't givin a fuck about what you know I don't love no hoe, I don't mug no mo But I'm still collectin my other dough Now peep the rawness my rhymes is flawless Fools get tossed for tryin to floss like bosses People can call this the clique wit no losses Cause a nigga can flow from September to August Deeper than seven seas, colder than no degrees Niggas is easy to get down on ya knees When you fuckin wit rhymes like these I always find that he's bitin my shit it's me he's tryin to be No more chances understand this I'm the man wit the plan I stand from Kansas And this weed enhances scandalous dances What is in my hands will take yo last glances Fuckin wit a technicality, that's what it gotta be Nigga sittin on the side of me My mentality makes fatality reality Split yo anatomy, assault and battery Niggas pray to God we stop, we won't though Askin who's on the top, they don't know But don't no muthafucka in the muthafuckin western muthafuckin hemisphere really want Joe Associated with a deadly force we got codes Deeper than morse  Sounds like (noise) And needle points bullet shoot through a horse So of course  I'm leavin niggas dead like a corpse (Gun shot then a pause...) [Tech N9ne] Don't test me Biatchres Another collorialism I came up wit the bitch deep this twist Betta hurry pick a position I do for when you niggas submited to Amerikilla did it and then I  I quit it I flip in a minute I'ma get them rellish lips You can't sell us dip We gettin high off K bombay (bombay) Packin hella heat like Pompay (Pompay) Itch-made abay igga-may anyway  I get ill when I feel like, gettin biz You know what that is? I know what that is When I be rippin eveybody know what that is Rewind, SLEMET, NIET, HAA, HEEEH!! If anybody wanna catch this I just said fuck demons and I got pit backwards And that's bomb futuristic attack shit Match this Takes hella practice To rips scripts nigga gotta be thug I gotta make this shit make sense so I can say "made it ma" Top of the world Gimme life or give me death Death becomes evil like asmodious I gotta a melodious flow It becomes podious changeable Untameable angel  Angelic Bustin like a Magnum, Tom Selleck Advisary terror  Sick of loosin money in Harris Mac assasin like Anotonio Banderas How many niggas you know I bust style So ambidextrous and I mean I'm buck wild When it's on I be heated like a hot comb Like I said in the first, zone Accident prone  But these niggas don't wanna flex wit Tech when the heat is on Nigga Now it's on [chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Don Juan, Scoob Nitty, L.V Album: The Calm Before the Storm (Part 1) Song: Soldiers at War Typed by: Food_stamp2000@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Tech N9ne) H.I.G.H.L.A.N.D. Highland nigga Heartless Insane Ghetto Hoodlum Livin' And Never Dyin' That's what I'm talkin' about Rogue dawgs, when I call my Rogue dawgs Rogue Dawg, niggaz Fa the nine-eight We'll have to crash 'em like this nigga, yeah [chorus] My nigga my nigga we soldiers at war Killin' off our enemies 'til it ain't no more Laws we break yo' shit we'll take Murder fo them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape Rogue Dawg fo life! (Don Juan) It's the beginin of the endin fo yo ass You broke ass niggaz hit the strip we need mo cash This midwest side hittin' like a M-1 time to get some Payback fo you bustas that laid back My gats ain't met yo next so fuck yo vest we dumpin' Killin' all that punk shit that you heart be pumpin' See somethin' I take it cuttin' through the red tape Yo legs break tryin' to catch up who who led the race It's 5-7 Highas heaven causin' insanity Whatcha handin' me we'll have you bitch ass postin' the vanity ??s Gotta recoop fuckin' with these troops Soon as we see you Load up and we shoot on site We turnin' out the lights my appetite for destruction Got me in the mood for bustin' dumpin' accross the Missou And get to huntin' for Kevin East the oo-oo And nigga you knew the Rogue Dawgs rule! Your so called truths get battered and bruised Stackin' you fools so deadly it don't matter the tools I'm afta my dues prove if you snooze you looze Prepare for war when you fuckin' wit my crew Rogue for life! [chorus] (Scoob Nitty) 265 lbs. all nigga And I'm good wit these dawgs nigga Got steel plated balls nigga Representin' 57th street Me and my Dawgs bringin' the heat Born and raised to be a villain on these Kansas City streets Best retreat when you hear my dogs barkin Snarlin' got that blood boilin' Midwest side carved in hangin' out the chevy now we blastin' and laughin' Made to hit me smashin' on them bastards Don't be talkin' when they ask you shit got drastic on that bastard Left him fo the cats that sent them straight to hell Just like hosts of veil another soldier's tale Nigga the life of a coward was taken when we bailed (L.V.) Look I swore to die for bloodline more heartless than my father brought (nigga) Load the cartridges with hollow point hard ones When Rogue dawgs call it's an all out war move 56 marks it 'cause 56 swore to Heartless insaine ghetto hoodlum livin and never dyin' Midwest side until my last breath on highland Why should I lie? I live an die for my side Ride the city 'til they roll with diddy one last time Let this N9ne yell out fuckem Fuck 'em if he's gon walk he's nothin' Fuck where he's from he'll even run when I'm comin' Rogue dawg fo life no fear of death no mo I swore to live a life a soldier at war Rogue dawg fo life! (Don Juan) Are you afraid of the unknown brains get blown Expose chrome to your dome 'til you stiff as stone With the phone neva suck it I'm goin' In the pockets and blowin muthafuckas to smitherines You knowin' that it ain't no niggaz stickin' me like K-do Be warned I'm able to explode like a volcano On y'all we told y'all we Rogue Dawgs We know y'all this one is Hong Kong Fo' you bustas and hatas we (gotta make that paper) Can't break us then take us I'll peel you like a potato Nigga wait a minute got me bustin' like a lieutenant My intent is to eliminate you cynics Rogue Fo' Life!! (Tech N9ne) These young niggaz always yellin' about ridin' But these bustas ain't no muthafuckin' ridas I pumpst a cock up in they bitch and then I'm slidin' These wannabe hustlas can't compare to midwest sidas I'm rollin' deep wit my troopas fixin'ta expose the chrome Detrimental to domes though ozone Thousands of bodies bein' found around me Bottles of bud and double-U-double E-D N9ne milla rhyme killa Fuck wit me I'll take that bust of myron D And throw 'em to mah Dawgs in the red sea Now lets see if he can swim back to shore Chunks missin' yellin' I don't wanna mess wit tech no more I know you don't Tech N9ne I never say it again nigga I know you won't never will these niggaz lit on my friend And mista scare crow bitch nigga you ain't got to lie You just a scared ho Nigga this is highland 'til we die We got the triple life coast to roll wit Rogue Dawg shit Bitches and niggaz all on the balls when it hit I neva could understand how a nigga could come so whack What? Oh I ain't talkin about me I'm talkin' about them other cats Troopa! My nigga my nigga we soldiers at war Killin' off our enemies 'til it ain't no more! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Bakarii Album: The Calm Before the Storm (Part 1) Song: Mitch Bade  Typed by: KCRUFFRYDIN@AOL.COM CHORUS 1: Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung? Theres alot of slinky niggas where I come from Theres another missle catcher just like him His name is Mitchell Bade, Mitchell Bade TECH N9NE: What up mitch? Is it an everyday thang for you to act just like a bitch? How does it FEEL, to have a nigga that will KILL yah,  for the foul shit you spit? Number one snitch A bitch with a dick I found the remedy for the enemy (What)? Bust at the nigga like shootin at the Kennedy's  Cause Mitch Bade ain't really no friend of me! BAKARII: To be exact He's that nigga that talk,but he really can't back that shit that he talk So he gotta walk around with a gat But a nigga like me, I'll knock him out with the force of a hurricane The penalty for the path if you disrespect the game TECH N9NE: Now what goes on inside the mind of a nigga like this? The nigga pissed As I pumped off four rounds up in the trick he was with But It ain't my fault you a little ole' bitch (Without yo click) Nigga run with a quickness (Get away quick, but you bet not slip) Better of with a Bianca then be stuck (With a AK 47 on your lip) Right! BAKARII: Even if I'm lifted I can scope em' from a mile away Niggas fakin like intisapating they domes day TECH N9NE: Camouflagin but I can see you actin like a Bitch Which are the symptoms of a nigga named Mitch! CHORUS 2: Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung? There's alot of slinkin niggas where I come from There's another missle catcher just like him His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) If a Mitch is yo mix, you best's ta check one And get ret to go for milli, when the next one come If a nigga got a foot off in his rectum His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) BAKARII: (Late night I got a page from Bianca) She told me her man was trippen, so swoop her bout a block up So I um, got prepared, My conscience told me grab the gat But all I could think about, was hittin that kitty kat from the back All about that hustle, but tonight I gosta kick it Deep conversation,but it's her first time letting a nigga hit But I'm not alone, It seems this nigga was on the phone He heard the spot, the topic, whicked whicked, now it's on! As I continue(continue) creepin(creepin) it's apparent That I'm dealin with a Mitch Bade, I guess that's why he keeps on stareing But I'm well equiped to handle a fleet, so nigga don't think I'm sleep We can talk like men or we can get grim, and handle this shit n'the streets Don't ever trust no coch Especially when, a nigga like me is rollin up your block Bitch Made nigga couldn't see that you was played So we just changed your name And Called you Mitch Bade (Mitch Bade) CHORUS 2 TECH N9NE: Cruisin down the 'spect with five spliff's roll (roll) Passenger seat (seat), Sunday the Hoe Stroll Went to park with major loot Dippen up on bitches, but the jealous Mitch is ready to shoot, peep But it ain't complete, the day is foul without a big butt and smile I need a chick that's running wet like Fury of the Nile Bumped into, stepped into, this chick that's thick and photo genic In a minute, I'ma get up in it, with a jimmy to avoid that AIDS epedemic Get it, got it, good in the hood, shit's all good, so I knocked on wood Got to her crib, drank some crown, laid me down, showed me the goods Then, knock knock, "who's that?" She said her man and he might be strapped with a gat Put back on my shit, time to show this fool just where it's at Ret to get wet, she opened it up enough so I could see She cracked it a bit, but that nigga pushed her, then came after me Extended arm, and bodily harm He shoulda caught trigga, chiggas MITCH BADE, BITCH MADE NIGGAS!! CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: Stamina Typed by: threeptking@jps.net [Gun cock] Stamina I be down and forever be Take away by the demons I never beat When I'm with or without some rythim I come wit the heater Cleverly Nigga, another will never be So killa Flozilla Gorilla If it was a felony I be in the line  Hella doin time  For the [Gun cock] TECH NINE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: Trauma Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com [Verse 1] Welcome to the land of misery Where my delivery strikes with madness Hearts explode from a touch of the 44 blastin (Party) By the killas from the Midwest You can scream all you want but there's no help As I see your destiny into the hands of me Black talons rippin through yo body The sight of a blood scene Murder is what I fiend For I saw the darkest hour The clock ticks well You feel the wrath of my power What you gon do when all these niggas collide? I got so many mentalities I'll show you outside (Deadly) Clever kill is my fourtay Cuttin off victim's nipples My murder is foreplay Can't even fuck with mine I'mma crazier than Dahmer Charlie Manson combined (One of a kind) Diabolic Shimbolic Face the infernal Evil demon And I can make you eternal Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama BLAH!! [Verse 2] An introduction to my murderous plot I got so many wicked ways And they start on yo block (One) Label you my bitch (Two) I let you know (Three) Execution Drag you out yo do' Nobody to witness I call it have it You call it a verbal sickness Damagin with a quickness Describe the feelin while I rip you apart I get evil when the day but even worse after dark (Murda) (Murda) Killin It just don't stop (Homocidal) The 12 gauge left you up and down But another victim called the D-E-A-D Listen to that underground massacre terror Seize the streets Feel my heat (WHOOO!) The N9ne amira Killa Got me goin Like Donald Owens The cannabis Got me deep like the abyss So I sit back relax Warm it up like cris A bruised the fist The fury When step into me I 8-1-6 that mothafuckin ass in Missouri Or should I say the land of misery Where life's fucked up Disguise like yo shadow when I buck ya (BLAH! BLAH!) [CHORUS] Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama BLAH!! [Verse 3] Ammit, ammit! Trauma, trauma! You's a gonna gonna Tecca Nina like vaginas I bring trauma Make niggas swing on a Ding-a-ling gonna flunda Irritable Formitable Right now hit em in the middle of Rogue Dawg straight showed y'all When I'll be game Anyone wanna know what's the deal? The simple fact is that I'll flip ya Flip ya for real I'm a jeah But when I get rhymer block I need some ginacock Right after that fact I'm like a bull in a China shop Six pluses believe it I'll be the bomb one day If my shit was droppin in a week today is bomb Sunday One week to get to necrosis Get to focus on music like Mr. Holland's Opus Notice Still kickin hocus pocus Witch craft Whiplash Kick ass Rhyme flows Sign up the timed shows So I'm not behind hoes Devine souls Plottin to kill all the demons In the killa many killins plenty seperable pillins These rappers now (I'll swallow yo soul, I'll swallow yo soul) This underground (I gotta explode, gotta be cold) Nina's bold They couldn't kill me if they sent Dahmer (Why?) Demons they comma when tha shoots in the chrome llamma Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama Trauma Brain I'mma Inflictin pain on a Liqour with homa Side'll shit me whole persona Nervous Lyrics at yo, service You heard us Murderous Demons they comma Which choosin like the chrome llama BLAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Don Juan Album: The Worst Song: Planet Rock 2K (Original Version) Typed by: Chronic@TheRegime.cjb.net * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] You want me to jam I'm finna enter Brain waves came from insane days Make ya sick like bad mayonnaise (Tech N9ne) Got the remedy rhyme Infinity Criminally tryin to be some shit I crack you open like the youngest male Kennedy Got the whole planet rockin off the low blows Damnit I show flows and poke hoes that's supposed to be yours Seekin my haters and in a dark alley tourmented by mine Dodgin the (Tech 4x N9ne 4x) Now here's a message Liberace may Chocolatate' take 'em I'ma rock na Playa, do the fuck what I say Throw ya souls in the air like this Flash ya bar codes while I stick em with another hit up out of the abyss The Tech N9ne Nina out to find vaginas Just the playa clubbin it, rubbin it Lovin that crema streama, might seem a li'l extreme My thing when I flips I got to make sho that it's hot Gotta make the whole planet rock like this Here's my chance to blast away (Tech Tech N9ne N9ne *echoed*) Haters causing friction Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne [Tech N9ne] Call it what ya want it Ghetto futuristic come get up on it There's a bianc up in my sector can I bone it Cause all we wanna do is Get drunk, get blowed, spit shits, spark blunts and fuck hoes We quick to beat a buster down bad MidWest side put me in the sound lab Now I'm hot damn like a ????? I flipped it backwards for you flow snatchers Blast ya'll When you ask Nina to playin fast ball Crash all Glad y'all Mad y'all Cause last call was in the back of the club Bangin da hell outta dis bad bra On my planet we take no haters for granted They Kris Kross (10 seconds til lift off) Be somethin pistol grips off Ripped off The techniques complete heat Retreat 69 to 6 feet Unique speeks freak tweeks Never let the BCs can it While the trooper Tecca Nina rock the planet Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne [Don Juan] I'm about the strippers in the back makin' ass hop A Mitchell Bade tryna grip 'em like a pad lock The Don Juan really never let the cash stop The Tecca Nina make the planet rock It don't stop [Tech N9ne] I got dat type of flow to make 'em make Scream 3 Six rappers being hunted by a killa MC I neva killed a bianca with a 36D A party with the bitches on my planet lookin crispy Swiftly makin rappers do 360 (Never knew three sixes) Other niggaz tryna diss me be (Under these prefixes) Non ill mouth Functional (N9ne) Rambuctional Never let up off a heated mic till I'm comfortable Rogue style 57, 56 street gang Grips we gain Anybody wanna trips we bang Hit us with a what Lyrical head splitter Making hella hoes Get a nut Make 'em put the rolls In their butt Let a hoe be a slut Negro never give a fuck Why the attitude Nina Ross You got the sauce Nigga I'm mad cause the Chiefs lost I'm pissed off In Kansas City I'm straight from the abyss Tech N9ne I got the whole planet rocking with me Whole planet Rocking like this Here's my chance to blast away (Tech Tech N9ne N9ne *echoed*) Haters causing friction Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne [Outro] Don Juan makes the planet rock Tech N9ne makes the planet rock QDIII makes the planet rock Triple Life makes the planet rock Rogue Dog makes the planet rock Costa Nostra makes the planet rock Nnutt Howze makes the planet rock MidWestSide makes the planet rock Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne Party people, party people, can y'all get funky (Who keep it sizzelin') Don Juan (Who keep it sizzelin') Tech N9ne The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Gonzoe, Phats Bossi, Poppa L.Q., Yukmouth Album: The Worst Song: Thugged Out Typed by: Sickwidit365@hotmail.com *(Yukmouth)* Regime Life nigga!! What! Speak on it! Tech 9!(Tech 9!) Uh. Phats Boss (Phats Boss) Gonzoe (Gonzoe) L.Q. nigga (L.Q.)! Chorus *(Phats Bossi)* Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out! First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out! First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! Verse 1 *(Yukmouth)* Balla position Regime niggas fuck all'a ya women draped up in linen I spit this fly shit since I was 5 years old  on some 'ol Osh Kosh Bi'Gosh shit toss ya bitch, keep it top secret, lock it Smoke-A-Lot click, walkin around wit ounces in they pockets bitches jock it we ridin Benz's, ya'll still drivin 50 rockets nigga don't knock it but you need to stop it top notch shit I used to cop bricks rock it up an chop like La-Bobbitt pushin the 5 whip through the projects til the led 9 spits nigga you rhyme sick, but you could never fuck around wit my shit my click my crew nigga that hard time shit criminal minded, posted on the grind shit that cone silencer for one time shit turnin, pounds into ashes drinkin Cristal from the bottle fuck ya glasses smokin Black-N-Milds to the plastic the last trial was kinda drastic limo driver got his ass kicked, tryin to sue us BUT YOU LOST YOU FUCKIN BASTARD! I'm A-1 Yola juss like the package delivered in triple wrappin niggas get blasted an put in a casket ashes to ashes an dust to dust, when they fuck wit Yuk plus I got my own record label SO WHAT THE FUCK IS UP! Verse 2 *(Phats Bossi)* When things is usual we pop Christy an stack them Bentley's ya pockets empty pretending to be me they name me Bossi my whole click rich like we the Cosby's slippin's costly it's cut-throat so fuck a softie in head to head combat you scared to bust back an trust that call the Regime we known to pull gats in black hats hop out the company truck give a fuck, fill my cup an celebrate wit Yuk now that we grown ups rock alligators an bumpin slow cuts juss like the Sho Nuff, we can't be touched I was raised ruff gang banged an hand cuffed fightin ??? always showin my guts, flexin my nuts hand me my 'Uervo flip work like we was Trader Joe's from Cisco optimo, now it's X-O fightin my ??? for death pray it's my brother that's kept when you owe, pay ya debt an we can make it some ??? Verse 3 *(Gonzoe)* We got it bundled up gimme my scratch it's juss my turn an I'ma take mine trap nigga don't get attached tryin to soak up, listenin tryin to locate my donuts an hit 'em while we juss got on fuckin up my buisness never finished til we give up the plate extra innings swing for the fence you think too little your world dance wit mud puddles my shit Evian, I love trouble start wisperin wit ya hands wide open, watchin you huddle big every down everybody got guns, let 'em ring you fuckin wit me, let's all go out wit a bang in this last day, this last hour kool-aid chest cowards wit they life in my hands set off the power lights out ??? the whole house wit a gallon of gas to douse light a flame an flush 'em out every slug count miss an get your stripes took nigga this is real life wit real names written in the black books! *(Chorus)* Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out! First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out! First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! I can be a villian if ya.... let me! (Thugged Out!!) First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! I can be a villian if ya.... let me! (Thugged Out!!) First nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out! Verse 4 *(Poppa L.Q.)* (Check it) Ever since I was a youngsta been wit this slick shit tryin to touch a quick one, number one ??? turn an 18 to a full 36 ain't jokin thats how we did it  we was natural born chemists ballin wit this, Benjamin big heads in my fist got ya life in my pocket an more than that on my wrist I got my degree in the concreate of S.C. comprised wit gettin paper, an started investin in me utilized my hustle skills beyond my record deal and time will reveal whose really holdin the skrill playboy ya lackin, aint touchin my tax brackets you fuckin wit some thugs, wit some multi-million dollar ??? an if it's on an crackin then my reaction is clappin is you gon' make it happen or is ya high cappin? Ya betta get to trackin playboy if you ain't packin Smoke-A-Lot, Regime is distributin max ??? spent years over the stove in a mini-factory lab where illegal pharmaceudicals were sold I was probably 10 years old when I learned to disassemble  then reassemble a semi-auto matic pistol blind fold! Verse 5 *(Tech N9ne)* (1-5-1) They call me Regime, cuz I'm way clean in stay Beam never live in no day dream, bitch niggas wear Maybelline throwin up peace cuz you know that I got you ??? ??? ??? ??? but I cop too Killa! Rogue Dog! Rogue Dog! 57 venomous! When I bust this shit got a gang of criminals feelin us I'm from Waymeyer the same kinda pain caine grinda wit a scripta stickin out like a skin head at a ?bahrmistfa? fuck wit N9ne get snuffed out Phats Bossi, Maxx, Poppa L.Q., Gonzoe  an my nigga Yukmouth, Thugged Out! Any nigga wit the bombay never con-ways displayed so-right, so-tight New York niggas say be John Blazed I been to the ringa scrapped 'em like I was a guest on Jerry Springer wit desert eagle, tech meezle a ??? a nigga, a drop a ??? I die a lil nigga leave 'em wit a 30 round drummer slit ya throat then we skip out, "I Know What You Did Last Summer" aint nobody fuckin wit Regime niggas bust gats at ya cats makin extreme figures get ready for the Rogue Dogs, told ya'll we seperatin yo jaw fuckin yo hoes dog lickin toes, balls makin mutha fuckin clothes fall OH! You mutha fuckas dont know! At the show you trippin, gotta go get the steel toe to the brain nigga REGIME KILLAS keep the function poppin you really wanna know what time we leave, shit.... ??? YES!! REGIME KILLAS.... NIGGA!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: Walk These Shoes Typed by: enigiza@yahoo.com (Tech N9ne) What! This is dedicated to the young gang niggas on 56th and Highland Nigga Get yo money fool, yeah Dont ever let them niggas tell you that they better than you man Its all delicious, like this Till you walk these shoes You couldn't understand my views While you on your Caribbean cruise Im payin my dues On the corner tryin to hit licks for slips Trouble making them flips So I'm bout to smoke a dipped Now I'm ripped How could you make a hypothesis on me and my partnas  With you college degree trying to psycho-analyze me You can't see what I see You can't be what I be When I'm deep in this pit of violence Without parental guidance, nigga Spot, translation cops watching me every day when I'm just holding down my block Fuck a ?addha? My brother, My fathers' in jail Momma fell So I'm bout to make a sell What the hell Gotta get that rel Then I bail I smell like sherman You can tell The chemicaly it got me wanted to use my genitaly Up on this bitch, that bitch The kind that don't want to bust a gang Aint got no love, so I'ma Just hit it and hope she dont give me what his name Packs Need one in case of emergencies Urgencies Bills I'm trying to hug Still you trying to judge Yelling out the federal prison Boozy nigga you can cruise Till you walk these shoes, I'm Living [Chorus 4X] In the ghetto, packs me metal Pump this leado, take the neiro (Tech N9ne) Your on the outside looking in my friend I mean my foe Come close and I'll be forced to let you know(what) I'm living the life of a hustla Cuz the schools done cut my visits down to zero just for beating down a busta(its a musta) Keep lookin at me like I'ma steal you wit an hour And all you think I do is eat shit and shower I'm a survivor Present day McGyver Two sider You depriver When you look at me you think I'm a conniver Whasappening Breakin you and your boy in a game of tennis I'm a menace You one of them people step into our sneakers a minute(nigga) You hopped out the boots Yelling when you see its hard finding work Being a class A felon Drug selling Scrapping niggas from every side Fighting family drunk and high Aint no punk in I Domistic so I'm off to the penal again So momma tell me how am I to reconcile again Tell you walk these Catch me in the smokers LeSabre Running spock off on the block Can't understand my behavior I'm coocoo for cocoa Selling but driven So muther fucker you can cruise  Till you walk these shoes, I'm living [Chorus 4X] In the ghetto, packs me metal Pump this leado, take the neiro Till you walk these Only speak about what you know Till you walk these Our record use these views to the floor Till you walk these Pick a punk to verbally abuse If you walk these You couldn't walk a block in my shoes Till you walk these Dont preach to every nigga you choose Till you walk these shoes You couldn't understand my views Wouldn't kiss me on your shoes if they were given  Motherfucker You can cruise till you walk these shoes, I'm living [Chorus 4X] In the ghetto, packs me metal Pump this leado, take the neiro The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne  Album: The Worst  Song: Niggas  Typed by: ETERNALVILLIAN@aol.com  (Intro)  Black folks forgive us  But its merely a word  And theresa a lot worse things out there then words  The bombing in Oklahoma  The kids in Colorado  So forgive us when we say shit like  (Hook)  N I double G A S  Some of us gotta sell (?)  Getting hellah rellah doing they best  Playa haters better ware they vest (yo)  (Verse) (Tech N9ne)  I'm gonna hit a bitch from the back nigga  Quick ta get stacks  Spittin' facts from the track  Black maniac  Opposite of whack nigga  At the night club fullah yack nigga  Lyrically strapped wit' a gat nigga  Stand back nigga  I'm bout ta introduce a hoe nigga to a gat nigga  Track neo  Bout ta be yo  2k hero  We fo' below zero were we go  Come wit' the hard hits  Run where the sparks lit  You niggas that start shit  End up in a dark pit  We Rashin  In vills  We kill  We steal  and gold grills  Exaduse  (?)  What kinda nigga is you (I don't know)  (?)  We went from peanut butter in Benton  To Tech N9ne really spittin'  Went from the Jackson Five  To George Clinton  To Bill Clinton  Ya he's a nigga like us  A nigga that smokes weed  And loves bitchs' who loves to suck  I'ma a nigga that bust  I'ma nigga that cuss when I fuss  I'ma nigga that know on this globe five hundred thow isn't enough  I'ma nigga don't like other niggas that try to keep on a plantation  With the Caucasian  Beware its the nigga invasion  (Course)  Nigga!  Do what they can to gain green  Nigga!  Setting the trends for main stream  Nigga!  Gang bang  Nigga!  Dope slang  Nigga!  Still  Nigga!  Ill  Nigga!  Will  Nigga!  Kill  (Hook)2x  N I double G A S  Some of us gotta sell (?)  Getting hellah rellah doing they best  Playa haters better ware they vest (yo)  (Verse 2)(Tech N9ne)  Beware of us niggas  Better to be scared of us niggas  We wiping away niggas who so much as glare at us niggas  I run from the law with my niggas  Down with the fall with my niggas  How many of the niggas from the inner city are down to brawl with my niggas  I hang with gang bang niggas  Got the niggas  You the niggas  I got the niggas  Like Big Dog, Mac Mac, Will and foster nigga  I run with killah niggas  Then I hang with these nigga  Who produce thriller nigga  You know the nigga That the did the wiz color purple Q-Jay top thrillah nigga  I'ma live nigga  I'ma die nigga  I'ma fly or I'ma gonna fry my nigga  If I do, if I do ya'll go to the record store and buy nigga  6, 6, triple 8, 46, 99, 3 niggas  We niggas  Getting fucked up with R to the mother fuckin D to the v niggas  Want me to call you brother but yousa a nigga like me  The ununited states gives a fuck about your Bachelors Degree  So black people if we embarrassed ya  Sorry but our character is  Newly and grimed and suicidal of America nigga  (Course)  Nigga!  Do what they can to gain green  Nigga!  Setting the trends for main stream  Nigga!  Gang bang  Nigga!  Dope slang  Nigga!  Still  Nigga!  Ill  Nigga!  Will  Nigga!  Kill  (Hook)2x  N I double G A S  Some of us gotta sell (?)  Getting hellah rellah doing they best  Playa haters better ware they vest (yo)  (outro) (Tech N9ne)  That's right  This is for my nigga Rodney  This is for the whole mother fucking game related staff nigga  Putting it down  Midwest side  Nigga ride nigga  Tech N9ne  This is how we do it  Mother fucker told me it was the rider tour  Treat it like its mandatory  You know what I'm sizzling  Don Juan  Takes us up out this bitch  (Don Juan)  Now look here  I done told ya'll mother fuckers  We gone do it again  And we gone do it twice  And we gone rock this shit  For the mother fucking 2k  So I want cha'll to go get that mother fuckin new album  The Calm Before The Storm  On Midwest side records  Techa Nina  Don Juan  Everybody  (Tech N9ne)  Hay  This goes to  Black  White  Hispanic  You know what I'm sayin'  Everybody  You know what I'm sizzling  When ya'll stop shooting  And killin  Each mother fuckin other  I'll stop saying nigga  But until then  Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga please  I treat it like a fucking disease The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: Get Blowed Typed by: threeptking@jps.net (conversation) [1st vesre] The definition of blowed Is indo by the load Chronic munchies got me on the comode  When I unload lets role Cloudy outie Like I'm Maui Wowwy Zowwy  Sparkers on me homie  This weed is like nocatomi on me If you want it you can have it be that Hundred sacks and nut sacks Plus phat splats from flesh gats Only hay waistin We both high This is game so let me tap into your horny playstation I'm Techa so I wrecka of course Happy like I won the super trivecta divorce Fuck whenever cause I'm HELLA HELLA Lifted I'm HELLA HELLA Chronic hella sonic It's like I take a hit of hydro ponic ironic Not Atlantis but I'm here to remind you  That I'm on canibus ALCOVE Without a turn of ALTO GROUCHO Unless I get some biancas to let me give 'em something To open they MOUTH FOR BOUNCE YO, fat ass to the rhymes I flow My beats pound for blocks  From Grand View to Granot Lets get wicked like mixin liquor like dark rum and gin Faded fuckin on the only pile of twiny twin twin [chorus]2x Lets get drunk, get blowed Spit shit, spark blunts and fuck hoes Y'all lets get drunk get blowed Nigga role to spot wit plots to fuck hoes [2nd verse] Lets role to a spot Where cops dont flock We can all get out sex and smoke pot Talk of bendin the reefa You can leave it wit beaver Cause I'd rather be fuckin smokin Hawiian setiva Comprende?  Even nubers in L.A hellacious Bags ya bud when you go grecious gracias senior This is bomb C4 me gone If the bud is fire say "Yes Simon" On that one-fifty-one rum liquor And plus that lime green sticky shit B's a kicker It makes me wanna ROLE BUD, ROLE BUD And fuck a bitch wit NO RUB, NO RUB Siked ya When it sikes ya hype ya pipe to lighter  Might ignite a snipe to swipe a viper Only when you dippin is wet But the only wet I'm dippin in is vagina if it don't smell like salmon Crockets I'm in the zone passed gone Be actress if ya comin bring ya silly ass on  Lash on Leave Mitch behind He's pissed at mine Cause I'm nice  Plus I am cold as ice [chorus]2x [3rd verse] You hoes tokin buts Cho's chokin nut So go soke in ya pity you mo smokin slut Greed another devious seed Nigga role nigga dont you know  I stick many on cause pussy stampede It's who dis Packin poison mistic dick For you no good freaky a trick bitch to get wit Got peak, and the dick, no the bitch don't really wanna give me none That's cool, punk bitch That's why you minimum wage and bitch stuck at Cinabun Who this twisted "click" in you face in your face muthafucka Youz a sucka if you touch us we brothers We straight ruckus wit Nina Nigga we bout to get blowed And role to a spot wit plots to fuck hoes [chorus]2x ad lib until the end.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Lamani Album: The Worst Song: I Didn't Lie Typed by: Foodstamp420@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Baby listen, I don't want to have to call you a bitch But you can bet ima do it if you act a witch Every time you see another woman, pitiful bitch Better change before I get into some gangsta shit Checkin my clothes for N-O's You think im all up in dem hoes Who love to be givin me demos All up in my grill You makin a villian say goddamn! Baby what kinda nigga you think I am? In the middle of a conflict with your nonsense Where the calm went? I read you like a book And quite frankly bitch I dont like your content Who gives a damn about a he say, she say Saint Jones replay If it aint she say then its he say and he game 9 millimeter heat day Every time I gotta come home to this Why you wanna do this? Never woulda hit it if I knew this Never gave it to a celeberty Better be down with a nigga wit a early 70's mindframe You all about mind games Mrs. Sherlock always tryin to find things Id rather be behind you hittin it doggy style So hard you get spine pains Sluts, is a wonderful thing But you gotta know im the nigga in they dream Your friends say im a player They wanna interviene But they know they come at me they gotta terrible scene They said I had a chick in the buns with the K-Y Gettin high My reply, yous a motherfuckin liar Cuzz I was up in the hotel all in the jiggamapie I didnt lie! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: The Worst Typed by: threeptking@jps.net [1st verse] As I blaze the PM I inhale with the scent of a million men I exhale wit dumpin 17 up in the what the fuck I am? In the midst of a crisis God knows all the sacrifces I made Might have to hiest to get paid In spite But can't jiest the price  Instead a nigga played bitch made Niggas think they know me The don't know me  They, phoney funny But they don't know That I'm that ill type niggas that'll open that gut Not much luck I'm feelin skunk wit a capitol S Hit the cess Killed the stress Rottin away in the Midwest I guess They was right  When they said that was such a psycho sight Sick inside a slight Deliver that makes me want to go Master P at night right No more pain I complain and pray to God, AND STUFFS It was unbearable until I tried COCOA PUFFS That chocolate tie got me willin to fly up in the sky But when I loose altitude that high Just makes me wanna come down and die Whos responcible for this madness, me? Whos responcible for this sudden strike of sadness, me? I can see I can look into your eyes  Smile and then to your suprise  I'll be yellin "Die, nigga die" When all the bullets fly Don't know how much longer I'll be on this Earth Cause I'm the worst type of, nigga on this here turf So disperse [chorus] The worst, the worst yeah They keep tryin to pull me under But I been to long tryin to make it over  The worst, the worst yeah After all that I been through I just don't know what the hell to do [2nd verse] What it is What it was  And what it shall be You tell me Cause this nigga ain't livin healthy Bitches think I got money from here to Shri Lanka So I'm thinkin of killin you when I'm makin love to you bianca Can't you see I ain't you seein what I mean  I got plenty and mean streets my team tweaks So my future seems BLEAK Take a peak at me I ain't happy she got me Under child social serviceses and shit for bein a slacky pappy  My khakis are low saggin from illio type little bags  Pushin ten of them on top of the world like James Cagney Feel that agony People naggin me My ragedy life ain't worth livin sick of my aunt and uncle draggin me See me drink my life away Smokin tokin my life away Tryin to put this trife away In the deepest darkest hide away If I could fly today to the Golden Gates I could get away from this place of hell and fakes But it might be too late What it gonna be D-E-A-D  Another S-T-A-T-I-S-T-I-C that's me Puffin that stronger W double E-D that hunger Don't know how much longer I'll be on this Earth Cause I'm the worst type of nigga on this here turf So disperse [chorus] [3rd verse] That's why I say  F-A-H-Q If you ain't crew Some busters on my hit list betta hope it ain't you My pockets thin About to sin I got to spend About like 10 To get that Henn To make that blend To make that fool come up out his ins Devilish thoughts  Hell is feelin kinda of crellish  God tell us what we got to do to make the muthafuckin rellish Spell it, out to me cause broke is imbarrasin I'm psycho like Woody Harrleson I can make a comparrison Like Aaron Yates Norman Bates Perfect mates Dippin up in Wally Gates Bitches yellin head is swellin Thinkin of goin in hell and bakin with the beans Got me fiend Murder for my green  Seems, I'm cursed not first The last verse I burst, into a blood thirst But what is it worth No hearst Nobodies turf Fuck planet Earth Disperse Because you're dealin wit the worst (the worst) [chorus] The worst I know that it can't get no worst The worst, the worst yeah After all that I been through I just don't know what the hell to do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: S.I.M.O.N. Says Typed by: Foodstamp420@hotmail.com Verse 1: Simon says I can make a grip if I unload this clip And empty off in another, if I want to get payed Aint no games to be played Scarface I watch on a daily basis Smokin laces Goin different places Stickin millie in they faces No cases Lucky me Cuzz Simon said im gonna live through the shoot of sellin Big budda Blunts big enough for a pharmacital distrubtor Pimp you tha Go down on how many words demanded me And Bakari, Evil Ward, PKW I ran this My shit was landed Playa vision was my decison Fuckin school cuzz my teachers a fool for followin rules When I make that run, when I make that sound when I pop that gun Leaving demons numb Releasing feecies, piss and cum Now my futures looking manic, satanic, forces ran it Dammnit, im ?, straight up panic And it dont matter none to me cuzz Simon got my head Im mentaly dead And i'll pump you full of lead Just because Simon said Chorus: Simon says Sex, Indiga, Money, Obsession, Neglect Oh yea Simon says Verse 2: Bitches, Biancas, and Biatchresses is all the same Simon says he already equipped me with hella game What did he want from me? Small deeds And get nothing, but i'll run up in it, all creeds, planting the seeds He said I can stick it with no protection I know flection, with a hoe with no J on my erection Its not a god call, hittin this fraud wall, im just an oddball Running back and forth through Todd Hall All, these bitches, swingin on my inches Thinkin that they gettin white picket fences, on my expenses Simon said no worries Akuna Matata, but my dick is heated like an anchalota Its gettin hotta Nobody move, nobody get burned Bullshit if I more flex, I guess im on it when I get dressed in the latex I bone it But I dont cum Niggas like me end up dead fucked up naked head Just becasue Simon said Chorus: 2x Verse 3: Sex, Indiga, Money, Obsession, Neglect Thats waht S.I.M.O.N meens But I heard this voice say "Hey Tech what about your dreams?" Fuck that dreamin and do this dirt, said thats how im gonan win You gotta act liek you want to be livin fat like a samoin Could it be endless listening to Simon This time I chose to kick rhymes Get mines, the big times waitin for me Was tryin to get signed Heard my moms got a record deal with Jimmy Jam and Terry Louis Prospective, now im the straight bomb BOOM, in the face, im on the paper chase Simon said he couldnt beleive I resorted to rhymin Throw your shit togather No time for relaxin Time to go back to popin your 9 milli jackin So what, im stuck, but, im hearing voices saying fuck that nigga named Simon Get with a nigga named Diamond And now, a nigga from the MidWest Is bout to have these biancas hearing me wide spread FUCK WHAT SIMON SAID! Chorus 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Worst Song: Strange Typed by: Foodstamp420@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] The strangest, straight derangest, start it J, start it J Uh, MidWest Side, IIIDQ found laughin [Verse 1] Lets get it on, raps new phenomenon Hitt'em up with the flips Rupture your dome Calm down, you say me song sound like Butch? You say I'm washed up? Nigga what!? This is when I kick it with this rhythm-simplistic Fuck dem 9 rhymes, make them go blind every time On that cannabis, edist, not for a weak mind But the mind of a gauge On stage cuzz minimum wage has me on maximum rage Page mac, lets scrap, the conniseur of rap See me, come tight like a pig in a bikini Please! All emcees know I be on my Q's and P's Even Run-D.M.C. is on a deadly disease High voltage, take a look at the psychosis Deranged, I claim, let me explain Fatrocious, flows be cocked from KC to Wisconsin My killer flow makes me jerk my Johnson [Verse 2] Mushroom headed keeps me pathetic, But the ? Treating life like I'm moving bombay Brother with the ganja stickin it Gonna stick it if you let it Come here, no come? I'll run dancing Just call me the strangest, straight G, bombay Distinguish the fuck of shit From hip-hop comes this Apocoflips got control of your hips Its venomous, how the rap metamorphasis MC corpsesis around me They found me jacuzzin with my sorcerists Fire up the paper & get blowed Then roll to a spot with bianca Then bust holes in these hoes Cuzz they wanna kill me like they killed Bruce Lee On the set, no shit Told my bianca thats what she gets Middle West flex flows, mics to sex those Middle West flesh holes, insane games Never that plane Jane [Verse 3] I give myself a C-section With a rusty jagged weapon Bungee wit 100 feet of slack IN front of my kids with no discretion Strange days like Julia Lewis and Angela Bassett in a casket Trippin with the 9 Get your brain blown like a head gasket Missouri is in the house for the '99 shot Futuristic ladies love me a whole whole lot When demons try to do me too They know they wicked So I bust if you aint down with IIIDQ Who are you!?! Neena Tech, respect, MidWest Side For life, grab a mic, and flip it like a dyke The soundlab got my microchip screwed Mounfunction, ?, now I'm cool Pain givers, slang spitters, hang niggas, insane triggas no shame, aim triggas, brain splitters, game quitters? NO! Grey liver niggas, narcotical strange nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: Tormented Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com [Verse 1] One for the devil two for my God Father please forgive me while I rock this broad! (Tormented) I've been lovin coochie since it was (Invented) Ask me does it get me? Yes it does (Feel lovely) Pink or brown without even with fuzz (They love me) All up on me off up in the club (Addicted) Gotta get her off in the room, get her outta those panties (Get wicked) Get her in the bedroom quick get hit with a whammy (Can't shake it) Try to pass it by my homie but I (Can't make it) If it was non-existent I would die (Stay with me) I don't wanna ever let it go (A quickie) Beat it down like I'm Riddick Bo (Real stiffly) We can do it fast or even slow (I'll lift the) Up on the bed or on the floor (Obsessed with) Pussy, coochie, nani on my mind (God bless it) Hit it from the front or from behind (Get naked) I'm horny baby don't you waste my time (Don't mess with) Psycho alpha schitzo Tech N9ne! [Chorus] - 2x (Tormented) Money, women, liquor, hella drugs (Tormented) Lookin at me from afar you'll get a buzz (Tormented) Father can you tell me (What?) What is is, what is was, and what it shall be (Death) [Verse 2] One for the demon two for the son Father please forgive while I drink this rum! (Tormented) Liquor got the Nina feelin real (Demented) So intoxicated I could kill (Get fucked up) When I'm havin trouble payin bills (Might luck up) If I got the dough to drink until (Get twisted) Ain't no tellin what I'm bout to do (Get wicked) Fill me up I'll try to fight a crew (Don't touch me) Bouncer wanna show me to the do' (Don't rush me) Please partnah I don't wanna go (Shame on me) Chuckin ain't a damn thang changed (Rain on me) Fuck it, do it till I feel the flame (Don't test me) Tried to fight em fair no lead (Get messy) But the alcohol said (Go 'head) (Can't stop it) Alcohol is takin over blood (Don't mock it) Bitches like it thinkin I'm a stud (No expenses) When I'm out I get a lot of love I'm drinkin everything the tender Tryin to get me in the club [Chorus] - 2x (Tormented) Money, women, liquor, hella drugs (Tormented) Lookin at me from afar you'll get a buzz (Tormented) Father can you tell me (What?) What is is, what is was, and what it shall be (Death) [Verse 3] One for the spirt two for the blood Father please forgive me while I take this drug! (Tormented) Wanna live my life in a day (What I meant is) Drugs help escape the flame and pain (THC) Roll it, light it, now you smoke your weed (I want it) Puff it, pass it till your eyes bleed (White cocaine) Light it, sniff it, now you feel the rush (Numb your brain) In hell you an angel on the dust (PCP) Dip it a wet stick it's numb numb (Dank and weed) They it quick where I come from (GHB) Do it fluid it's called date rape (LSD) Hit it, trip it now things trace (Valium pills) Got this villian chillin stayin paid (Bounce until) I'm feelin ill until the day breaks (Ecstacy) Cop it, pop it, roll time to club (Sex to me) Is who I'm takin home so I can fuck (Grant Rice is) Money, drugs, liqour and them ho's (My life is) Based on sex, drugs and Rock and Roll [Chorus] - 2x (Tormented) Money, women, liquor, hella drugs (Tormented) Lookin at me from afar you'll get a buzz (Tormented) Father can you tell me (What?) What is is, what is was, and what it shall be (Death) [Verse 4] One up in heaven, two here in hell Father please forgive me while I chase this male! Tormented Rollers Try to get it, not the jingle but the fold up Stackin papers and the coppers can't control us Chasin relish till my fuckin pockets swoll up God forgive me but the heavens got to hold up Get it quickly Is you wit me? This is sho nuff Don't be bitchy 5-1-50 Hit the dough up Killa hippies, niggas wish we never showed up Don't be dummy get that money daddy told us Got to steppin daddy left and never showed us So we started pushin weed and pushin boulders For Tony Roma on the corner till we blowed up Get it sewed up (Tormented) I don't know so don't you ask why (Intended) For Nina to get a piece of pie (Rest in peace) All I want is money so I can fly I'm chasin rella scrilla cabbage money hungry till I die Tormented The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: AngHellic Song: Stamina Typed by: ajhkc@netzero.net Stamina I be damn if I'll ever be Took away by the demons I'll never be What's the weather when I bust a rhythm I come with the heater Cleverly Nigga nothin will never be So killa Flowzilla Gorilla If flow was a felony I'd be in a line hella doin time  For the  click, click TECHN9NE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: Sinister Tech Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Intro) You're the one nigga  Who's a dumb nigga And a bum nigga You're a slum nigga Better run nigga When I come nigga With a gun nigga You're a bitch Buck you Never trust you  Never loved you  Never was you Imma touch you Imma bust you Imma crush you  Mother fuck you (Verse 1) That's my nigga Aaron Yates Style lee lee killa Norman Bates Holla at me like I'm ollie gates Imma put the milli to your face The nerve of ya yellin you're a murderer But ain't nobody ever heard of a Killa killa doing damage off up in suburbia Sinister rhyme minister TECH N9NE be the menace (yes, yes) Diminish ya finish with the dementia I'm the grimmest I done told y'all I was comin' Better start runnin' Or bust like a cannon Cause Imma leave hella destruction Mental breakdown and famine I would advise you Not to slide through Cause I will oblige you With a rhyme flow  That will demise you How can I bow down To a broke rapper with a foul sound? How can I flow rounds With an MC that can't chow down? Where would you be  If you did'nt copy off me lil' boy? This type of shit that I enjoy I sum you up with Bitch flows, punk foes Sluts hoes, case closed (Chorus) If you ain't got shit to fuck with this Take that dead shit on And if you're bitch in the club with ass on me I'm gonna take that home. By the sinister TECH N9NE By the sinister, by the sinister By the sinister, TECH N9NE Vill-on y'all know me by the Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmm Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Hmmmmm. Everybody say KC's in the house what (2nd Verse) Bounce, rock, skate or fight, shoot, hate We so chilly they call us abominable Everybody know we phenomenal Get ya' money, get ya' women If you're getting nothing  Your living is comical Simon bar sinister Climbing star finisher  Swine and lard vinegar Rhyming hard blimisher Realistic Heathenistic Killer with a vengence Breathing this shit Your whole facad's punkish, I'll make you kneel before Zod Biblical hits, flippable kickable spits  Niggas with critical lyricals  Never no mythical shit Step into the evil fickle abyss Wiggle in pittifulness  Swivel this and get pistol whipped It's been along ride  Tecca Nina just won't die ei ei ei eiya Better feel it when I drill it (trick) Real is when I kill it (Mitch) Hit it hit it Never ever tell a millimeter killer  Quit it, Bitch! (Chorus) (3rd Verse ) Off the hook, stalking in clubs Tossing em' walkin' in blood Barking that rogue dog shit Dirty devils better hold yaw lips Nina ripping, ill beast flows Yeah we know it will reach gold Platinum, feel these flows Comin' off of kill creek road Say my name five times  TECH, TECH, TECH, TECH N9NE I will appear in your mirror  Thru your chest ripping out your spine Hungry like an Ethiopian Living off the blood in your veins Alias Donny Kevorkian Never were you ready for the pain What do ya get When you cross TECH  With a hard ass track? Innovative, twisted Psycho, thugged out What do ya get  With Rock, Will, Phlaque and Dynomack? Nitwits, misfits, sick shit, Nnutt Howze What do ya get When you cross tech with a fine bitch in the club? KY, bou lou, motel, sextime. What do you call a rappin' ass  Rogue dog villain pretty mother fucker? Donny Quest, Azmo, Sinister TECH N9NE (Chorus) TECH N9NE's in the house The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: Psycho Bitch Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com [Tech N9ne] I want you to quit Callin me callin me Followin me followin me Why do you trip with me After you get through swallowin me? Never knew this bianca would explode (Like this) Now that I know this I must reload (Gat clips) How many ever met a psycho bitch? Down with for the minute but a major twist Came with a bit of game Met that Bitch Sickness Everybody peep the evil symptoms so you'll know When sexual activity happens and tears start to flow Time to go, they come with a big package and back Chest is twice that But the fatal attraction would only get you ice packs Better watch what you do when you sleep with a woman that's on the edge In yo bed Cause you'll be restin in red (Killa killa) They'll find the number to yo residence Non-hesitant Unpresidented Ain't no mystery to her steez She's demented Ain't ever gonna get myself mix up with a Psycho Bitch Millimeter with a master plan so you won't be off in the ditch (Like this) Wild child Runnin wild behind the smile is a frown That'll make ya lay it down quickly She shifty Killa strictly out to come and get me From a rose to three fifty seven three sixty Psycho Bitch! Never ever do it down low with a (Psycho Bitch!) Better never ever go out with a (Psycho Bitch!) Everybody better learn to see a (Psycho Bitch!) Cause yo bitch might just be her What chu gonna do pop at you glock at you Fill em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to? (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) What chu gonna do pop at you glock at you Fill em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to? (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) [Tech N9ne] I was holdin her, huggin her Rubbin her, suckin her Kissin her, pluggin her But she thought that I was lovin her All the lovin was gone when she found out she was wrong Callin my momma's house at 3 AM (Quit playin on my phone!) They say the Psycho Bitch was made from us (Psycho Bitches) Say they get nothing but hate from us (Psycho Bitches) From the Anghellic you ravenous (Psycho Bitches) Stay the fuck away from us (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) She got my gas cut off but I don't know how She got my phone cut off but I don't know how Bitch even got my lights cut off but I don't know how Wish I knew back then what a nigga know now (Crazy bitch!) Follow me to my main thangs Domain This dame brings mo pain Door chain Broke after the door rang Must be on cocaine Insane yanks will mess up yo thang No brain bitches will have you stressin using Rogaine Didn't chill wit her Deal wit her Nina had to get ill wit her Trick tried to kill Mrs. N9ne So I had to hit her wit a grill spliter Never do sex with a psycho bianc Anybody wit her better pop yo trunk Run better get a gun when the bitch come better know she a psycho (Killa killa) Hard when he hit that piece and then get her up and out with a dis Scarred when he knows he been up in the mix with a Psycho Bitch Hard when he hit that piece and then get her up and out with a dis Scarred when he knows he been up in the mix with a Psycho Bitch Never ever do it down low with a (Psycho Bitch!) Better never ever go out with a (Psycho Bitch!) Everybody better learn to see a (Psycho Bitch!) Cause yo bitch might just be her What chu gonna do pop at you glock at you Fill em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to? (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) What chu gonna do pop at you glock at you Fill em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to? (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) [Tech N9ne] As the smoke clears You wonder why this woman packs the most fear She keeps a broken heart and a three-eighty close near From me to you If you sense she's psychotic better watch what you do, what they do They say the Psycho Bitch was made from us (Psycho Bitches) Say they get nothing but hate from us (Psycho Bitches) From the Anghellic you ravenous (Psycho Bitches) Stay the fuck away from us (Psycho Bitches, Psycho Bitches) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: Real Killer Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (1st Verse) I was kicking it With this chick for a minute She picked me to hit it Real stiffly I sitted He spit Then we quit it Then I told her To miss me And splitted Quickly I lit it up No problem to get it up Then she called and said She needed me to help her Get rid of what A baby She said she wanted me to kill it No evidence Blood Don't spill it I'm saying at first I didn't feel it But then I started to ponder On what was coming up Yonder A baby by a fling Made days seem Really somber So we both were in agreement The baby I seen it Thinking of killing it Made me almost fall To the cement This ain't a job I can do myself I ain't got the brain for this So I called a homie in Kansas Who was trained for this He said The way I rap And make skrill for a living He said he kills for a living For the grip span He's a hit man So I paid him a fee He told me What date it would be Me and her was down But I really don't think The baby was G So we three road to Kansas Baby probably thinking we scandalous Can't even walk And we band his Life Man is trife Walked in And he told us to relax I sat And he took Her and baby to the back Before I came I smoked some dope To calm me They came back And she was baby less And she was looking like a zombie Baby gone (Baby gone) Were we wrong (Hella wrong) Gotta move on (Gotta move on) Let it alone (yeah) I dropped her off But she didn't hate me For killing the baby She said she still Wanted to date me Crazy I'm riding and I'm thinking Why I took a life But I ain't tweeking I know God Probably thinking I should die (hook) Real killer That is me Real killer That is me Real killer That is me This is what you call a what Real killer That is me Real killer That is me Real killer  That is me I don't really give a fuck Real killer That is me Real killer That is me Real killer That is me Know that ain't nobody iller Real killer That is me Mass murderer Natural born killer That is me (2nd Verse) A couple of years later I'm creeping with this chicklet Little thick chick Hit it raw And gave her triplets I need to learn to hold my liquid So I called my man In Kansas City, Kan I told him I Needed him to do it again After he put 'em away I asked him Homie how could you Be so raw He said to me How could you be so raw We scatted One year later I splatted In the same chick She wanted to have it But I made her do The same shit So I murdered five kids of mine I'm 'bout to sit in hell a lifetime Bid for mine Cause of abortion No more Abortion Now it's blown out of proportion Insane Never again (hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: Cursed Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (1st Verse) I was born in seventy-one In seventy-two I started to walk Seventy-three Seventy-four Seventy-five I learned to talk Seventy-six I tried sexing That was around the age of five Seventy-seven Seventy-eight And seventy-nine I started to ride With my  Uncle Ike In eighty and eighty-one I was about ten But the first time a little chick Made me cum Was eighty-two Or eighty-three My life really came alive In eighty-four I was thirteen But Nineteen eighty-five's The number I met this bitch Who told me if I got tight with her Together we would grow rich Type of chick That'll make a brother Feel good inside In my mind when I'm sleep Woke When I walk When I ride Getting to me in the classroom Used to follow me into the bathroom And I loved it She was wild And everyday People bore me Captivate Activate my hormones When you speak to me Softly Offer me A piece of you Cause Me so horny She let me foreplay And that's it She said If I would rap And make some dollars for us Maybe I can get a hit I was writing Then I found myself fighting For the juices When I found out That our little agreement's Non-exclusive Ah damn She let celebrity status hit So I'm thinking of tactics How to leave ran down Prophylatics On the mattress So I practice Hoping to stuff my fat dick In this rap bitch Knowing when I stuff my cactus In that catfish Imma flat shit She's turning me into a killer Devour fools  I'm powerful Like Mecha-Godzilla She said If I keep rapping She'll keep clapping But ain't nobody strapping Till she see paper And then we'll see what's happening And I hear her say (hook x2) You heard of Tech He's like the best  He built his nest In the Midwest The boy can flow And he be busting like Boom boom It's like I'm stuck I feel I'm cursed About to load the N9na Tech cause in a sec I'm finna be busting like Boom boom (2nd Verse) Ninety-three  She invited me To a party in L.A. So popular She introduced me to 2Pac the next day She took me to this party In Beverly Hills Where me and Chris Tucker Couldn't get in  Because of our ball caps And they was all about dollar bills She was a G And got us all in for free Ran into Pac again She talked about him so tough I knew she was cocking him But I never did hate Because I knew Heated sex Was our fate As I got clever And a lot better She started letting me and my boys Hit together Me and Pac hit the slot Now it's out in the open Didn't take long To make her get it on Came on strong And Thugs Get Lonely too Was our slogan She wanted me And Chino XL But he backed off And said that's hell He don't dip into every female Waiting to exhale With a Wet tail Wish I could be with baby Daily But I recall The Veteran Click saying Tech Don't turn a tramp into your Lady I don't know why I want this bitch She always dis and Won't let me Showcase my shit This bitch is driving N9na Crazy (Hook x2) (3rd Verse) Fuck this I'm ready for One on one ruckus Still she like Don't touch this When I'm alone with her It's on When the bone hit her Get her Hoeing off in L.A. With my folks Me and Yuk, Phats, Gonz L Q Max Key Hella knocking your back out Bitch Long strokes You a nympho Who the pimps though Me and Roger Troutman Had you at Juan Momma house Shouting Through the talk box You exhaust cocks And you ought not Ever get caught hot Why she always gotta have the vault lock Kinda mad when I really Thought back Me and Rza hit that ass On the video set Why did we hit Raw Bitch told us How she fucked Eminem Kool G KRS Monch Exhibit and All Type a niggas When Felony fucked He said What what what what I was next in line Right after he busted his Nut nut nut nut I heard My homey Rodney say She want me and Lynch to hit Sac and MO dick And she said she wanted it so bad Cause we so sick I saw you at 92.3 The Beat With Jay-Z and Damon I know at times I'm hella complex But now Imma put it in lamens I wanna fuck you Not with Jimmy Jam Not with Terry Lewis Not with Quincy Jones Not with QD3 Just me and you And Imma show you all the things That I can do Go platinum plus Get trapped in your lust So I'm hoping me and you can Bang bang I know you're a groupie hoe But I still Want your coochie though Before I go I want you to tell these people Your name ????? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: Suicide Letters Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com This is a piece that I wrote When I was on some ole, low down down low feelin, depressed shit Y'know what I'm sizzlin? It contains, heh, three suicide letters to my peeps Well actually uh two suicide letters Y'know what I'm sizzlin? I wrote it in rhyme form But I'm gonna try to read it to the best of my ability Y'know what I'm sizzlin? So bear with me Listen to the lyrics, check it out.. [Tech N9ne] Picture me in that casket, blasted Never nobody knew how long the pain lasted Keep my eyes tight I'm frightened But I fights like Tyson When playin this game of life I'm loosin long to be enlightened Absorb my mind state Reduce the crime rate and take me out When runnin toward the Lord I see em fake me out Shook me so from church I played hookie Listen to the words of a brotha The sick stutter So ya better better get the get the bags ready Comin killa killa like Schagnetti My brains contaminated, hella rotten It wasn't me who killed you (Who was it, what was it) The affects of the mildew, my brains wilted In my eyes the world is a bit tilted Lord take me away before somebody else get killed Bloods spills seriously This is the letter to my homies I'll be missin God told me to behold a pale horse but I didn't listen It's hard mane My life is scarred mane I'm loosin my mind So now it's time Sincerely signed N9ne [Chorus] - 2x (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna cause that's the way That I feel I'm barely hangin on (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up cause that's the way It has to be (Man, this is to my wife, check it out) [Tech N9ne] I made your life a livin hell with my infidelity Remember you tell me All I gave a damn about was weed, stems, and melodies Remeber ya spent thirty minutes in the hospital parking lot crying When the blood test read the baby of another woman was mine 99.99 Should of left long time ago like Mary J. say Just let it go like Ray J I know your momma heard you yelling May Day Spent my life trying to R A to the P You were sick of me always being B to the R O K to the E There was nothing else left for me I was a bum But you still wanted some Through the rain, snow, and thunder Foul-ups, bleeps, and blunders But no man shall tear us under is what you said Shoulda put multi bullets in my head When you found that Evil Instinct was a song But the events actually went on This is the letter To my homie, my friend who put up with me for 8 So now to take me really quickly's my fate I'm sorry For makin it hard I know your scarred I'm loosin my mind So now it's time Sincerely signed N9ne [Chorus] - 2x (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna cause that's the way That I feel I'm barely hangin on (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up cause that's the way It has to be [Tech N9ne] I love y'all The dynamic duo, my babies It ain't your fault that your daddies crazy Donny I miss you drummin Like me, one day you'll be rulin Lilly I miss you always in my face yellin "Daddy what ya dooyin?" You two are the reason why I'm still standin today But I'm sixteen-hundred miles away And it gets my heart sinkin When I start thinkin bout you babies I heavily start drinkin on a daily Puffin, I see in my heart I gots to toughin Can't see me leavin my angels with nothin So I keep bustin Use my pain For you two I gotta come up in the game Fly planes to an island so one day you can do the same with yours Love you galore and I ain't playin Makin me put a end to the suicidal mindstate sayin [Chorus] - 2x (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna cause that's the way That I feel I'm barely hangin on (I just wanna die) I don't wanna wake up I don't wanna wake up cause that's the way It has to be (Tech N9ne says this during the chorus) Ya, thats what a nigga was on y'know what I'm sizzlin? Sh.. But as you can tell Like I said, I can't leave my angels with nothin So I gotta keep bustin, y'know what I'm sayin? Suicide ain't my thang Never ever gonna be my thang when I know I got my love So we just gon sit back Write these rhymes, make these mills And chill Don Juan Tech N9ne The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: It's Alive Typed by: MSTACB@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] What's sizzlin Demons, angels, and civilians Welcome to my purgatory party baby They say it ain't nothing but farms where we from They think we can't do no one harm where we from Gorillas and killers and thugs from abyss Tech N9ne making 'em breathe like what like this Kansas City (fade) wake up yo like this [Tech N9ne] One, and then comes the two to the three and four Two-thousand Techa N9na is hardcore with a K See me step up on the track like a thug Make it pound at West end then make a dub To the homies in jail When you making bail Time to act an idiot A lot not just a little bit Watch when Kansas City hit Tech N9ne's gonna spit it You want this record cool go get it Hot when the flames lit Gloc where the bane sits Shock when the pain quits Pac would've banged this Instantaneous when I aim at the miscellaneous Ask me ask ask why why I'm the strangest Because Nobody ever wanted me rapping But I knew within me I could make it happen Flipping hella different to get it cracking Never biting nothing I was never jacking Millimeter spitting ripping up a show Got the people trippin' everywhere we go And now we getting you to know that misery is coming We were summoned now the haters running when we gunning Yo you don't know That I'm 'bout to blow K C M O Better bang this People make their jokes and say we're off to see the wizard Well me and Dorothy and Toto's on your ass when you visit (Hook - [Tech N9ne]) It's alive aw hell It's alive dod gwamn It's alive odd male It's alive I am Been in the dark a minute but now I made it through it This Kansas City Imma show you how we do it We say walla Milli dollar Then break a lot a jaw (2x) Watch this rock [Tech N9ne] Who would bust like my style it's ruffcut and it's True hood stuff bright hot wild mystic plus mannish Alien nation invasion Black white and even asian Is gazing at the raised in misery faze ravin' For the crazed heaven Six six triple eight forty-six ninety-nine three We back Sick with nickel plates whorey chicks mighty mine be We pack Just when you're knowing where I'm gonna be I vanish Step into my brain got it so dark that you can't see Godd dammit Your flows come in your flows go out My flows eternally coming out your mouth Your makers in some haters doubt And yes it's pitiful Not even my pinnacle Better know when I bust I can do it everyday with a mind full of lust If you really must Get with a N9ne millimeter gun then trust You'll get left the in the dust Everybody better move when I groove Imma hit 'em with a bus Anybody with a bigger mouth up in here better hush (Hook repeat) Kansas City City City That's where I really wanna be grime and gritty gritty gritty Back up when I throw that V up in the air air air That's five seven R D V And you know nare nare nare That'll represent like me Yo we did it in Kansas City yo we did it Like Biggie say Much love my left mind said Tech N9ne is iggy J You can find me off in Kansas City on Saturday at Maniax Or at the Motel 6 laying up with two chicks the Lenny and Squiggy way Or jack Tripper I'm Tech the rap Ripper on Cognac Liquor I'm Tech the gat Clicker I'm up on that Thicker than water track a whipper snap Who's trying to bring Tony Kannedy Del Shawn and Chipper back Signing off rhyming off the wall constantly Timing off never that clever raps the comp can't be Creeping seeping through crevices hella beefing Thinking they can stop the heart of Kansas City but the heart of Kansas City is beating (Hook repeat) We say walla Milli dollar Then break a lot of jaw (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: AngHellic Song: Einstein Typed by: ajhkc@netzero.net * * send corrections to the typist Einstein...TECH N9NE Einstein...TECH N9NE (1st Verse) If you got scratch Nigga Get the fuck up Throw your hands up If you hella Fucked up Einstein TECH N9NE Two triple zip Crack a jaw Whip 'em all If they wanna trip Ladies with the bar codes Meet me after this Maybe you can show me The meaning of abyss Everybody on the wall Momma is a bzzz Had her at The Budgetel Stroking On my dzzz This ones For the psychos Gang bangers And sluts Bumbs holding the pipe Those  College graduate fucks I feel for no foes I kill till I close My trap I'm ill when I flow And you never doze When I rap TECH TECH Gimme women and much alcohol And I'm straight Eat drink And be merry Yo come tomorrow Might be your fate Yo look Look over there It's that Nigga with the hair TECH and Juan What a pair The rest equals MC squares What (Hook) Who got this Mutha fucking house On lock (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn Who keeps it sizzling Who keeps it hot (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn K C MO Roll K C MO Roll (2nd Verse) Everybody witness My soul sickness If you dig TECH When he's twisted Then go get this Bringing the house down When I rip shit Like the plates shifted Angels come in many shades Either drunk or lifted The Einstein Meaning gifted Too slick to get with Two years ago My shit was broke But now I fixed it With the quickness You missed it When I used to roll with Misfits and Nitwits But now who I do biz with Ain't none of yo business Blood thirst In the church now The earth's The worst Clutch your purse When we lurk Cause we cursed From work Trying to Party like a mutha fucka Broke as a joke Don't hire me But you arrest me When I'm selling my dope So who's the Einstein In N9NE N9NE TECH N9NE I'm crime mind In my prime I'm mixing One fifty-one With Malibu rum And pineapple juice Among all my angels And wicked ones We're the party people Night and day Living crazy is the only way Einstein When I'm on it Einstein Rock it Like you mutha fuckers want it (Hook) Who got this Mutha fucking house On lock (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn Who keeps it sizzling Who keeps it hot (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn K C MO Roll K C MO Roll (3rd Verse) What do we say To haters off top Haters got beef They thinking we got We gon get postal If it don't stop You can get ghost Or you can get shot Generation X Gon party till the death Anybody tripping Gettin greeted with a stretch Taking everything And we're leaving nothing left Demons gotta die Have 'em breathing last breaths I feel that I got will And I'm gon bill Till I'm killed Bell till I bail If I fail Then I'm gon steal What I will TECH is a realist Running with killas You better vill this Be the witness To the coldest When I hold this dick They break camp When I flow this Einstein go the ill route Throw up your hands If you're villed out Or if you're real sauced I told ya'll I'm cold Dog I flows All heat I'm representing Rogue Dog Rogue Dog Fifty-seventh street What (Hook) Who got this Mutha fucking house On lock (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn Who keeps it sizzling Who keeps it hot (Who) Einstein (Huh what) TECH N9NE Dwamn K C MO Roll K C MO Roll Einstein...TECH N9NE (x5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: PR 2K1  Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (intro:) DWAMM It's hotter than them bitches sittin in the free clinic nigga You know what I'm sizzlin It's time to get this party started right baby Aw....my name.. they call me Tech N9ne And I ah need a carabu lu Uh that's 151 malibu rum and pineapple juice You know what I'm sizzlin Ha! Uh you down't know what dat is Can't get the party started without that Let's do it (1st Verse)  You want me to jam  I'm finna  Enter brain waves  Pain from insane days  Make you sick  Like bad mayonnaise  TECH N9NE  Got the remedy  Rhyme infinity  Criminally  Finna be some shit  I'll crack you open  Like the youngest male Kennedy.  Got the whole planet  Rocking off the low blows  Damn it  I show flows  And poke hoes  That's suppose to be yours  Seeing my haters  In the dark alley  Tormented by mine  Dodging the TECH N9NE  Now here's the message  Liberate me  Chocolata tay  Imma rock  Not play  Do the fuck what I say  Throw your souls in the air  Like this  Flash your bar codes  While I stick 'em  With another hit  Up out of abyss  The TECH N9NE N9na  Out to find vaginas  Just a player  Clubbing it  Rubbing it  Loving that  Creamer streamer  Might seem a little extreme  My thing  When I flips  I gots to make sure that it's hot  Make the whole planet rock  Like this  (Chorus)  Make that ass hop  Don't stop  Down south biancs  Make the planet rock  MidWest  Too much ass in one room Rat tata tata tata Tata tata boom Make that ass hop Make that ass hop All the ladies in the party Make the planet rock See that ass hop Watch that ass hop All the fellas like to see you Make the planet rock (2nd Verse) Call it what you want it Ghetto futuristical Get up on it There's a bianc up in my sector  Can I bone it  Cause all we want to do  Is get drunk  Get blowed  Spit shit  Spark blunts  And fuck hoes  We're quick to beat a buster down bad  MidWest Side put me in the soundlab  Now I'm ton niviganmad  I flipped it backwards  For you flow snatchers  Blast y'all  In the ass  N9na playing fast ball Crash all  Glass jaws  Mad y'all  Cause last call  I was in the back  Of the club Banging the hell  Outta this bad broad  On my planet  We take no haters for granted  They crisscross  Ten seconds till lift off  Be soaked in pistol grip sauce  Ripped off  The techniques complete heat  Retreat six feet  Under six feet  Unique speaks  Freaks tweak  Never let the beast seep  Can it  While the trooper  Techa N9na  Rock the planet (Chorus)  (3rd Verse) I got the type of flow To make 'em make Scream 3  Six rappers being hunted  By a killer  M C  I never kill the Bianca's  With the 36D  I party  With the bitches  On my planet  Looking crispy  Swiftly  Making rappers do  Three sixties Never knew  Three sixes  Other niggas  Trying to dis me  Be under  These prefixes  Non ill  Malfunctional  N9NE rambunctional  Never let up  On a heated mic  Till I'm comfortable  Rogue style  Fifty-seven  Fifty-six street gang  Grips we gain Anybody wanna trips  We bang  Hit us with a what  Lyrical head splitter  Making hella hoes  Get a nut  Make 'em put the rolls  In their butt  Let a hoe be a slut  Negro never give a fuck  Why the attitude  N9na ross  You got the sauce  Nigga I'm mad cause the Chiefs lost  I'm pissed off  In Kansas City  I'm straight from the abyss  TECH N9NE I got the whole planet rocking with me Whole planet Rocking like this ah nigga back up I didn't know that was yo woman All the broke ass playa hatas be quiet (Chorus X2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: Here I Come Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (intro) I've been around the world And I Yi Yi Don't know why people What? Why people go to the strip club To spend their dough  Just to see butt To see these ladies strip And take off all their clothes I do not know why They choose such a spot I just don't know why We get hot It's probably cause  They make it hop and twurk the pole And their headlights are sitting bold Makes it look like its getting' cold Can I hold you tight Hop on my lap And do that dance I come to spend ones and huns On lovely skin Booty weighs a ton Let the game begin  Cause here I come (Verse 1) Teccanina swope down like space invaders boy Pull out the piece like on you haters boy Forget about the haters  I don't wanna talk about 'em On this right now I wanna talk about That butt them breasts Yes yes wanna test Now sanity stops When the fannie g. drops Fantasy locked On makin' the canopy rock Panties be hot When we walk in All vanity pops In every glam if she's stocked Make her make it Frantically hop We're all at the tittie bar VIP and all of the kitties Are sittin' with me They're all knowin' Who we are TECHN9NE, baby How you doin' What you drinkin' Caribou Is what I'm thinkin' Kansas City, baby Hey, yo, yo, yo, yo, We got relish Don't be jealous That's a hey no, no,no Me and my fellas Travelin' lookin' for them Who does what Make it hop In Houston, Texas ATL, California Whazzup (Chorus) Bianks with breasts and big butts Here I come baby Enough to make the big bucks Here I come baby 151 and Malibu rum and pineapple juice in My cup Here I come baby Fellas in the front Let me hear you grunt Fellas in the back Watch that booty clap Ladies in the middle Let me hear you sizzle Yell TECHN9NE is hard as hell (2nd Verse) Catch me on the couch With two stouts Mouth to mouth Bounce to the techno festival See lots of lezbo Lets go ghetto Or heavy metal We slam dancing Blair witch raves In the woods Up in Cameron Rollin' Diggin' the private schoolers St. Theresa's bishop Hogan Those are the kind That do ya Get that sarabell explosion All of my homies kick it pockets Ain't no punk Trav, Dyno, Grant, Kut Seven, John, George, monk All at the tittie bar Drinkin' and laughin' My homie B'zle Started this at Bazooka's Booties clappin' Black, Asian, White, Hatian, Mexican And Italian Doin' tricks with beer bottles Sexy mixed mullato I'm comin' to get ya Drinkin' liquor Off in Sweden, Germany, London Back to the STL Off in Memphis Raisin' hell With a stack of hundreds Kick her that In Miami In the Benz Aristocrat Where the strippers at (Chorus) Bianks with breasts and big butts Here I come baby Enough to make the big bucks Here I come baby 151 and Malibu Rum and pineapple juice In my cup Here I come baby Fellas in the front Let me hear you grunt Fellas in the back Watch the bootie clap Ladies in the middle Let me hear you sizzle Yell TECHN9NE is hard as hell (3rd Verse) What ya'll doin' after this scat With this back activist mack Blasphemous acts Hit em with a stack That will distract a bitch All I wanna do Is hit the back of this black abyss In the cat in the hat for risk If you really wanna master this Know it's a whole lotta cash to get Me and my homeboys Will get with Your homegirls And get in our own world We gotta be ready To get up and go To the bedroom  Or up in the bathroom Givin' me and my homeboys a show Baby get low To a TECHN9NE tempo Do you know What you're in for Rough sex Much sweat Enough flesh What's next Make her say Oh la la la la Give it to me TECHN9NE You're the best time That I ever had Give it to me papa Hit the na na na And oh oh oh oh yeah I love it when you do me Like this teccanina And I like it When you make it do that In Kansas City We scan the tittes And brand sadities Were handsome hippies Who land some quickies We comin to kick it Where you from Pirates come screamin' Yo ho ho 151 rum bitch (Chorus) Bianks with breasts and big butts Here I come baby Enough to make the big bucks Here I come baby 151 and Malibu rum and pineapple juice In my cup Here I come baby Fellas in the front Let me hear you grunt Fellas in the back Watch that bootie clap Ladies in the middle Let me hear you sizzle Yell TECHN9NE is hard as hell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: Who You Came to See Typed by: DaKoRnhusker@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Dwamn Everybody's off up in the place Like Dwamn Women throwin' booties in my face Like dwamn Am I teccanina you can bet that I am Down for wham bam thank you mam Like dwamn This is for all of y'all killers Who buy my records supporting all my dogs When I'm in your town Can I pub crawl with y'all Go back home with your Silky drawers baby doll Exodus insanus nocturnus Never your clan cannot learn us y'all dead cold and I'm a furnace With hella hot burners I vibe like no other man when I'm in another land Use a rubber band I don't love her man Bell till I bail ride till I die Yes I'm that gang related nigga yellin' why Haters find it hard for them to see How hard nina be Tell me who you came to see (Chorus) TechN9NE TechN9NE Been on TV been on CD's Who been that mystery What's my name TechN9NE TechN9NE And what you gain from me Is pain from me Tell me who you came to see (repeat 2x) (2nd Verse) Bout to bring it back boss doggin' boss ballin' bigger than beitnam We brop bombs On the boulevard Bickin' it With my biggas bubblin' bouncin' Big bootie blacks and blonds Ronnz from Berlin all the way To Don Juan's Kansas City's me front lawn One man beyond bomb Come with crazy shit Get your ass on the dance floor You lazy bitch In order to bring the bread cream in I got to keep them heads ringin' You trip and you's a dead demon No spread semen leavin' Groupies on the bed dreamin' Her newlywed steamin' With the infrared beamin' Do I have to get my gun For this punk spit one for this punk Villain I ain't bought To have ta run from this punk I dump Nigga what I keep it crunk And cranked lumps in banks Your girl's getting' pumped and spanked Who you aim to be Who you claim to be Do you aim to be Insane bane with me Can you hang with me Man claim strange with me Dangerously Then tell me who you came to see (Chorus) TechN9NE TechN9NE Been on TV been on CD's Who been that mystery What's my name TechN9NE TechN9NE And what you gain from me Is pain from me Tell me who you came to see (repeat 2x) (3rd Verse) You better blow that shit out If it ain't greeny green Better throw that shit out Kind of funny How I come nina stun niggas Out of money Then I run with a gun trigger Get us in a club killer When I am in it Women give us love with 'em I'm a damn menace We keepin' it hot Don't cock the glocks If you came to make it hop You're at the spot drop We smoke weed And we drink rum up teccanina Sex we don't stop till We bust nut teccanina Ain't no change in me Ain't no sugar veins in me Ain't no petty kiddy games in me If you're with me And ain't ashamed to be Flamed with me Tell 'em tell 'em Who ya who ya came ta came ta see see (Chorus) TechN9NE TechN9NE Been on TV been on CD's Who been that mystery What's my name TechN9NE TechN9NE And what you gain from me is pain from me Tell me who you came to see (repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Song: This Ring Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Intro) Da da da da da da da, da da da da da da Da da da da, Come on	 Do you, Take this man to be you lawfully wedded husband In sickness and in health For richer or for poorer For better or for worse Til death do you part? "I do" Do you, Take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife In sickness and in health For richer or for poorer For better or for worse Til death do you part ? "I do" From the words of a patriot "I often fear that the sins in my past Will come back to haunt me But the consequenses are more than I can bare" I feel that shit This piece right here Is about what comes with fame And the struggle to keep family within a family I give you......This Ring (1st Verse) This ring Got me a top notch Straight hot fox We sought rocks And the Ewok Slot Was caught Got dropped two Playing hopscotch On the block Ought not twat plot Yo for hops knot I brought dots This ring Helped me remain sane No dame games Came from bane To a changed man No cane thang Refrain from gang bang Slang a praying brain Reigns family fame Then came pain Say hello to TECH N9NE Everybody wanna be down with a nigga Women get a whiff of the money Thinking of taking it from me They get up in the club Giving the love Throwin the pussy Full of liquor and bud Booty hopping around up in the MO Get to looking around Every ho wanna lick a nigga low Infatuated With niggas with dough Get 'em in the sack And try to make 'em let it go Tech N9ne Be autographing bitches In front of rappin niggas Who think of having figures They get to grapping triggas They can't imagine villians When they come back and get us We get to whacking niggas I ain't never wanted no parts of this I don't ever wanna break Another heart for this Why the Devil gotta make it Why the Lord gotta make something that'll kill Something so marvelous (Hook) This ring Brings demeaning Demons in G-strings Songs we sing Make 'em fiend semen And green things Clinging Dreaming Thinking of being Miss Thing With this ring But if i wasn't Tech N9ne Bitches wouldn't even wanna be with Tech N9ne If I did no music Then would you respect mine This wedding band and music draws a line Between Life and Tech N9ne (2nd Verse) This ring Was supposed to protect a nigga Best for niggas Who couldn't stop having sex With bitches Bless the Mrs. Who stress to kiss us Even though we spend on Checks with strippers Obsessed with clitorises This ring Made a nigga feel macho Cry fo Lie fo Die fo My ho Nigga I go face Diablo With a hostile gospel If I can't have tres or cuatro Little vatos Imma let a lot flow What the sell Up in Osco Up a nostril That sound like Tech N9ne Nigga where the weed Where the muthafucking Blow And the hoes (yes yes) Next to me Is Ectasy Asking me if i wanna roll (yes yes) Bitches never gave a fuck about a fling Make's it exciting When a married nigga Wanna fuck around And a bitch know he down for a fling (yes yes) I've been tested And alot of times Been invested Didn't know this Tech shit Would constantly Get a nigga molested Been aproached by some of the best tricks In the game And they came strong But I hanged on To this ring And I hope my son don't sing the same song (Hook Repeat) (3rd Verse) Quincy J told me Super stars are good providers But 2 times outta 10 When we on tour Family's not besides us What Can a nigga do When he make ends Add more to the time they spend While he make ends Everything else breaking And the bond at the house May end And your wifey steadily yellin bout quality time And you think With all the fame and fortune Shit outta be fine But what happens when The divorce papers just gotta be signed And you lose half And your children Cuz you gotta be N9ne I wanna relaxe wit 'em And spend time to the maximum But if silence is golden Then me making noise is platinum I gotta be Tech And Daddy and Hubby But music Women mixed with family's ugly I know and you know That hell will be Hot for a nigga's infidelity But until then God forgive me for any Promises that I broke Family Can I be Forgiven For all the Liquor and weed that I smoked When I succeed Will I cope? Will I still breathe without both? This ring Tech N9ne I dunno But when I go I'm leavin out DOPE! (Hook Repeat) This ring......Tech N9ne This ring......Tech N9ne This ring......Tech N9ne This ring......Tech N9ne This Tech, this Tech, this Tech, this Tech Ring TECH N9NE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: God Complex Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com And God said let us make man in our image (Tech) According to our likeness (N9ne) Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea over birds of the air, over the cattle, and over all the earth [Tech N9ne] Projected image across my soul saying can't (Die) Many death situations but that ain't (Why) I got the spirit of an angel mixed with demoniac ways of livin So this means I'll beat the evil out of a non-believer until praise is given (But I know) Torcher is evil though it says in the (Bible) You got to be righteous spirited for the (Arrival) I'm righteous and wicked but I wonder (Can I go) If there's a heaven but on earth it's (Survival) Connected with angels but to demons (I'm vital) Approachin with hate oh yes it's (Homocidal) Like denouncing Selena at (Cinco de Mayo) Certain death (Oh no) Oh no I'm on the road to heaven and hell Don't even bother me ever since eleven and twelve I've been that prodigy though life has never been swell Somewhere there's gotta be where a good samaratin prevails But they get straight sodomy So I learned the ways of man Grands Fillin my pants Gun in my hand For the demons on the land On the other hand I really am An-ghellic I ain't got to stress if you can't tell it Look into my eyes No surprise I'm half cupid half relic (Cha cha) He who treads the path of the best is also he who sins are repentable But if you ever, ever ever ever hurt a God then we gotta do away with the genitals Don't ever do somethin you'll regret Do away with all these goody goody law abiding mothafuckas and let there be Tech nigga [Hook 1] If anybody say "Fuck me" Everybody say "Fuck you" Cause they know my shit's pure Soul serving and plus true If anybody say "Fuck me" Everybody say "Fuck you" Odd one Tech got that God Complex [Hook 2] - 2x Get on your knees and pray If you step in our way Cause we spray til they decay The ones who hate everyday But how long? (Must we flash and pop) How long? (Must we show demons we can't be stopped) [Tech N9ne] (Can they fuck wit chu?) No (Their brain frames are too) Slow (The villian will kill em with new) Flow (If ya hatin me this is for you) Blow I've been too humble wit y'all niggas Time to rumble wit y'all niggas Me and Don Juan forever we gettin figures Me and the Rouge Dawgs are kickin it gettin richer All these fools thinkin they gonna stop me I'm about to make us a million just watch me Everybody thinkin they heated but they sloppy Nigga, that's why you never be sellin copies (I will) Rise above all of you regardless of (My skrill) That ain't got shit to do with Tecca the (N9ne skill) Bust on you rapper cats and proceed to (Make mill 5-6 Vill) I be seein em down at Mardi Gras gettin flows off Everything gettin showed off Not me, tryin to mock me on record head gettin blowed off Freestyle I admire But every week you givin away fire Your rappers license expired Leavin nothin to be desired Oh God Bless this particular rapper in K.C No matter how hard you try, you can't fuck with me First, learn how to do choruses then try to get people to trust you If anybody say "Fuck me" everybody say "Fuck you" [Hook 2] - 2x Get on your knees and pray If you step in our way Cause we spray til they decay The ones who hate everyday But how long? (Must we flash and pop) How long? (Must we show demons we can't be stopped) [Tech N9ne] If I offended you in any way (Maybe the shoe fits) Either that or you just plenty gay (If you're like me) You don't give a damn you're just enjoyin the flow To all the people who were offended I'm about to offend you some mo' Is God White, brown, green, red, or even blue? Is he American, Arabic, Mexican, or even Jew? Everybody wanna be the special and wanna be the chosen few Everybody wanna be but they gonna be through Til you do right by me, everything that you do is gonna be wack Eveything you built is bout to crack Everything you did to me is comin back No where to scat And I say that Cause I know Jesus Christ and God is black And they comin back nigga! Jeah! Nigga Like I said, me and Don Juan Best motherfuckin rapper, best motherfuckin producer Globally, in Kansas City wherever nigga And all y'all haters, remeber this! [Hook 1] If anybody say "Fuck me" Everybody say "Fuck you" Cause they know my shit's pure Soul serving and plus true If anybody say "Fuck me" Everybody say "Fuck you" Odd one Tech got that God Complex [Hook 2] - 2x Get on your knees and pray If you step in our way Cause we spray til they decay The ones who hate everyday But how long? (Must we flash and pop) How long? (Must we show demons we can't be stopped) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Amjad Bakani, Short Nitty Album: Anghellic Song: This Life Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Tech N9ne) I started out with No dough, no clothes, no shows, and no hoes And ended up with  Mo hoes, mo shows, mo clothes, and mo dough I used to be the ideal nigga  Preppy like Hilfiger Pretty vill nigga  But wanted to make my dollar bill bigger Turned into a field nigga Not pickin' cotton  But pickin' up mics and rockin' Recoppin' so I can feel richer So I started drinkin' real liquor Send me a groupie And I will stick her real quick  The dilsnick it will hit her ex pills I can feel nigga best deals  You can get the steal If you ill I'm concealed with a Technina millameter by my side God used to guide me Lucifer beside me Evil was lively trippin' with wifey Never was treatin' her nicely What this music got me into  This is the message Imma send to God the evil shit I've been through Lettin' me really know what sin do Listen cuz the hurt cut me deep like a ginsu (Chorus x2) This life  Caught up in the fame In the end will I forever Burn in the flame  This life  I live in the rain I'm an angel but the devil's Possessing my brain  (Amjad Bakani) This life  Full of money bitches weed and riches Kansas City niggas grind it Cook it up in the kitchen  Pay attention to the corner nigga Roguish and rugged  Nigga fuck it it's a must I conceal it and tuck it  This life Can make a nigga murder for nothin' This life  For the money have you fakin' and frontin' This life Can make a nigga take a deal with the devil  This life  Got me rippin' up shit in my kennel  Ya see I live in the rain  Laugh at the storm And mastered the pawn  Bringin' war at the crack of the dawn  Tottin' the bomb  A nigga with a third eye vision  Like a malachi blowin' smoke in the sky See the world through the eyes of a real nigga Look into my eyes You can tell I'm a rider  More shows more clothes  More hoes more dough  And no foes yo  (Chorus x 2) This life Caught up in the fame In the end will I forever  Burn in the flame This life I live in the rain I'm an angel but the devil's  Possessing my brain  (Short Nitty) Some times I wonder How did I survive  With all this drama in front of me  Poppa went out like a bitch  For runnin' from me  Though momma never lied She cried  Seen me sittin' in prison Servin' a sentence  With bad intentions  Still no repentance I'm heart broken while chokin' On a joint dipped in water  And high hopin' the future's wide open For my daughter my eyes are open To all animosity constantly Falling quickly the devil calls it A blessing to cross Nitty  Lessons are taught quickly Hell my pride will die with me Then to repeat back  To the penitentiary visit me  Hell bound coffin dwellin' Before a life in the cell yelllin' Now free me  I'm in desperate need immediately Truthfully speakin' My life from night to day 24 hours I fight  Despite this hell to pay Can't wait to see the day  When my adventures begin With this here life of sin  I'm all in  (Chorus x 2) This life Caught up in the fame In the end will I forever  Burn in the flame This life I live in the rain I'm an angel but the devil's  Possessing my brain Is it heaven or hell I really can't tell It half cupid half relic My life is anghellic So I dance with the devils And I fly with the angel  And I stand on a level Where mind is so tangled The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Charmelle, LeCoya LeJuene Album: Anghellic Song: Goin Bad Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist This is the trip The best part I Really really like hahaha Yeah I'm proud to be apart of this new ??? Used to be good Now I'm goin bad yo like this (intro) Everything was suppose to be all Jesus Everything was suppose to be all Jesus But it seems like everything is all Satan But it seems like everything is all Satan Everything was suppose to be all Jesus Everything was suppose to be all Jesus But it seems like everything is all Satan But it seems like everything is all Satan (1st Verse) In the new millennium You can't play with nobody's mind man Deliberately messing up a good thing Or holding up a grind and  You already knowing life's a big fight Against time man Crime minds Really shine Who's dying  Is the kind man When some of us Find that life ain't beautiful We switch to Pharmaceuticals Your nine to five Ain't suitable For the cuticles I'm going bad Currently I keep ending up With even less Than I had Record company Is dealing me something sad How do you expect A man to sit And wait with three kids For you to Figure out What Tech's SINGLE is Going bad  I feel like  I just might  Act a fool  When I see 'em  Gotta a nigga  Feeling petty Looking forward  To perdeium  I got some issues  Most of these record execs Are soft as tissues  Defecate on they self  When they here some I'm gon get yous  Understand this  When a Rogue's at You're trying to hold back  His dough sack  And try to bozack  And he go cock  The 4 4 back You chose that  So cut these ties  And I'll rise  Let's compromise  Or else  I'll hop a plane  With my guys  QDIII said  "It ain't all good  When you sign with a record label  Who ain't Had a hot soundtrack  Ever since  Boyz N Da Hood" (Bridge)  I'm going bad No luck  I'm going  Bad, bad, bad  So rough  I'm going  Bad, bad, bad  No church  I'm going  Bad, bad, bad Disperse I'm going  Bad Feel me out now  (Hook-Charmelle) This life I live Ain't extra No angels to Stand next to To live a life that's better I'll sacrifice Whatever This life I live Ain't extra No angles to Stand next to To live a life that's better I'll sacrifice Whatever (LeCoya LeJuene) No one wants to see An angel in this world In these days To them I am The epitome of evil A found soul Looking to save the lost To them I am death And of not wanting An evil man (2nd Verse) For living expenses They gave me like Thirty-five G's Picture me in a hospital Shot up With thirty I V's That's what I really needed When I found out This drama Trauma Instead of moving I should've kept all that And continued to stay With my girls Momma  Gutter  Living  Got me tripping  I'm smoking bud daily  Gutter  Living  Got me tripping  I'm going blood crazy  Gutter Living Got me tripping I'm struggling like a bad actor Gutter Living Got me sounding like  The Madd Rapper  The bad influence  The bad apple The bad seed  That's me  The bad people  The bad karma  The bad breed  Mushroom tripping  Brain's a mushroom cloud  Finding groupies  Tugging on my zipper  While I'm hanging on  To my vows  Demons surround me In triple  Stage darkness  And taunt me  They know I'm the good guy  Going bad  So they want me  All my family remembers  Way back in the day  I was good  But they doubt now  Disperse  I'm going bad  Feel me out now  (Hook-Charmelle)  This life I live  Ain't extra  No angels to  Stand next to  To live a life that's better  I'll sacrifice  Whatever  This life I live  Ain't extra  No angels to  Stand next to  To live a life that's better  I'll sacrifice  Whatever  (LeCoya LeJuene)  To say going bad  To most  Ha  Never been good  Just getting worst  Thoughts to destroy  And to tear things apart  Thoughts to praise  Adore  And to love  The trick is  What voice is telling you what  (3rd Verse)  Mind state of a pirate  I'm irate  Used to be cool  Till some straight fool  Lit the pilot  Will I be that  Mid-town bound  In the middle of a riot  Or at a wherehouse  Shipping platinum  Shaking hands with  Violet  No love for the bane  False foes in the game The Qwest wreck was a shame  Twas a journey full of pain  But Tech N9NE will remain  Hella brave  And untame  So make way  For the reign  I'm bringing Highland and Wayne  No thanks to Qwest  They on the receiving end  Of the gun  I cursed you  Everytime I climb  You're getting fired  One by one  But taking one with me Cause she knows the true meaning  Of a modern day hippie  Who creates jewels off mushrooms  And bombs sticky HOG STYLIN' Mid West Side  And Newday  And King Tech & Sway  These are the people keeping me alive  To this day much love QD said  "You can't make rell  With a label who let  Tipper Gore talk shit And made 'em take Ice T's cop killer  Off the shelves " (Bridge)  I'm going bad  No luck  I'm going  Bad  So rough I'm going Bad No church I'm going Bad Disperse I'm going Bad Feel me out now (Hook-Charmelle) This life I live Ain't extra No angels to Stand next to To live a life that's better I'll sacrifice Whatever This life I live Ain't extra No angels to Stand next to To live a life that's better I'll sacrifice Whatever (LeCoya LeJuene) Right now I can't distinguish Which voice I'm listening to Am I evil Or just another lost soul Going bad Or just been bad And getting worst The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: AngHellic Song: Twisted Typed by: PmpnIVever@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Verse 1: I gets More trips than a Little bit I smoked More dips than a Little bit I'm not that regular When stepping I can't wait Till i can fly Away from My competitor Yeah Santana Can die My psychosis Hopeless Focus Notice My metamorphosis Folks is Broke and jokeless Picture me in a syringe Inserted In an over exerted Felon Antidote having 'em running Eternally Across the helland Dwamn Losing my sanity Living up in Les miserables Fuck bitter broads This shit is gonna have us stacking If there is a God Imma take the X away from generation Place it at The end of S.E. For the duration Upon the level Tell the devil to what Skip a human Imma tell him Behold pale horses Like us Shame on a nigga When he's feeling Hella down for a ninety-nine killing Ain't giving a Fuck I'm putting Nair In your leave in hair conditioner Now you Hari Krishna To my listeners In this rhyme You will find Psychotic scriptures Saying it's something Disrupting my mind (Hook 1) TECH N9NE Your mind is fine There's just not anyone Like you The whole wide world Don't matter No They can't flow Like you Understand (Hook 2) My thoughts are twisted So mixed up (repeat x 4) Verse 2: A I'm lifted B I'm twisted C I'm sick and sadistic A,B, and C Something's I do I just can't stand Up in my bathroom I sex Six women Mentally Just me and me Me and my faithful Right hand man Tie up a Muslim And shoot him with liquid pork On Ramadan With force I'll make a Christian Read their kids The necronomicon On Christmas Don't trip on this lyrical syphilis I flip this So the yonks will catch vapors Like menthalyptus I'll feed a dominatrix patient Pain pills Give Wu haters permanent Fang grills Trick the artist formerly known And give him The same slave deal I'll lift a couple of Dr. Dre's reels Sell 'e to Snoop And No Limit Soldiers Just so i can see How paid feels Hazy Shade Of decade Hookers with grave shields Where AIDS fills The carcass Bet a milli on it Techa N9na be the darkest Heartless I spark from the gut So what the fuck I'm trying to contain The insane But what (Hook 2) Verse 3: Welcome to my Asylum It's hectic They call me dyslexic Rogue infested More vicious than Cujo Fraudulent tested The punks arrested Got the neck slit Exit I'm twisted I know Hollywood backwards Says doowylloh Force feed me a Sumo For about nine weeks Playing Club Nuevo Till he's blue Though Then stuff him in the front seat of a Yugo Body filled with beef and toaster Strudel Let up the break And watch him race To the intersection Now he's through Though Yastuvo I slide with a gang Of twisted individuals Somebody better be Looking for the criminal tendencies Never will they get us In the penitentiaries Killa Millimeter N9ne rips vinyl I know Mix flow like Korean Albino Wino Once breeded an elephant With a rhino Called it the hell if I know Throw Chuck Manson Off in a pit Of militant Jews Banging hella opera The real meaning Of helter skelter Is when they skin that Forehead swastika Am I twisted Am I twisted I'm twisted Better keep your distance Mama gotta call the Psychiatrics For mental assistance (Hook 1) (Hook 2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: Devil Boy Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Verse] Who the hell is Satan? And why I gotta be 'em? I ain't worshipped Nathan So why you gotta see 'em? When you look at me is it the Imagery? It's gotta godly evils not my energy I pose as angels clothes is mangled Instead of girbeaus and kangols The ho's still dangle I chose the angle of souls who tangle With foe's those who stain yo brain so bane though painful Shit is what they like, hit is what they might Spit his stuff in life, shit is fuckin' tight But some people think it's an evil experiment Some people is fearin' it, those who do Beatles is hearin' it Sincerity is neezle sin People who look and never listen They thinkin' that I'm the tyranny of evil men But I just tell it like it is dude My life story's quite gory spittin' even if it is rude So ain't no brimstone I ain't Jim Jones So put your grins on listen to them songs And you will see that they be classics Verbal gymnastics you call me Lucifer go to hell you bastard They call me devil boy, they call me devil boy The way I come is sick and I'm on some other level boy They call me devil boy, they call me devil boy Cause I am not the everyday I'm not no mellow boy They call me devil boy, they call me devil boy And those who know me yes they know that I am well annoyed They call me devil boy, if you call me devil boy You're going to all burn in hell [Verse] Hot Christians pop my disc in Stop the dissin', squat and listen I never say hail Satana I'll never bail out and sell out and sell gay drama Hey mama they trying to crucify me like Jesus Religious groups deny me like skeezers We mic pleasers rip it and write heaters Niggaz that ain't pleased with quickness are light readers I said Anghellic, then let the man sale it I let the fans smell it, then I expand relish But the devil tried to stop me that's JCOR They thought I'd crumble when it's rocky and stay poor Deus Vobiscum we playas go get some sprayers And hits 'em with layers of slayer inscriptions That mean God be with you we split dude then hit you With pistols whip you then giggle never dissing nizzle again I talk about the rain, I talk about the sun I speak about the pain, I speak about the fun I'm sayin' that I'm bad, I'm sayin that I'm good I'm saying this to the suburnites and every hood Yaw act like I'm sayin' (I love Lucifer I will kill all of you) Mother Fucker I ain't step into the lime light To devil worship in front of kids, get yo mind right [Verse] They call me devil boy But I don't like that Those who recite that That's where the fights at Cause Imma tight cat Who hella write rap Even a slight crack And I'll be right back To the devil worshipers at my signings thinkin' I'm narly (huh) I just wanna go to your parties So I can run thru all your goth bitches and rock bitches Take 'em on the block and now they 2Pac bitches I love the dark side with horror Got archives I'm sure You got hard lives Missourah is our side and it's hella depressin' hella a stressin' Retrogression back to depression a hell of a lesson This where it gets more sick Don't respect poor pricks Who listen to this album and then say exorcist You dense, hence the word Ang it means good Hellic it means bad you didn't catch it you should have Idiots make me wanna bust it (rebel toys) Tried to explain now I say fuck it (several ploys) Foolish title I can't touch it (devil boy) Cause I talk backwards (suseJ sevol uoy) [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: Breathe Typed by: btnhe99@yahoo.com, Ryanr1_USA@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] Never let another mothafucka repeat it Never duckin a mothafucka nigga better delete it Put the cerebella in killa mo Forella foe Can never get with a gorilla no Killa cerebral feelin biblical ritual This should get rid of the pain Here in your pitiful game This is for palatial pain Deep in the pit of your brain Let it rain with the unforgettable aim (Gunshot) Nigga lookin for a spot to bust Cause the homie that you killed meant a lot to us But, instead of lookin for a cock to fuck Kill a nigga like he was rockin the swastika You can do what your doin cause your mockin up Get your ride on nigga it's ya rock or what? Lots of luck You really couldn't need it Hella heated Mothafucka let the glock erupt Box him up [Hook 1] I don't wanna be the one to get a millimeter in the gut I wanna be the one to hit em with another milla Caught up in the middle I'm a little sick and different And I mean it when I said it Do you remember that? [Hook 2] Hell motherfuckin ya You don't wanna get in trouble with a nigga like the Tecca Nina If you looking like an enemy (Bust) We don't ever stop and take a minute we (Just) Breathe Hey son, what the fuck are you duckin from? Breathe They come, passed the fight every fuckin one Breathe They some, punks bound to sell coke and guns Breathe Spray guns, life results with you often times Breathe [Tech N9ne] Never let a hatin motherfucker see you sweat Bleed the chest Don't need regret I fund A caper a Sun-day paper so I can read the rest I can dig it You can dig it Put a nigga in the grave If you hate up in a trick a loop a lover nigga made If you step up to me you would never benefit Nigga if I started I'mma finish it Run up on a mothafucka while he's fuckin a chick Put a bullet in her head while she's suckin the dick Wasn't a bit A dividends Baby it's irrelevant you gotta put ya nigga it's the look of the grit Bring pain to everyone In your face with the bang your verysome It's a mothafuckin shame we carry guns If you don't your insane You're very dumb Tecca Nina's too rough (Too rough) Too hard (Too hard) Too tough (Too tough) You scarred (You scarred) Cause a nigga know a mothafuckin rhyme when spit Fuckin around with a killa clown and shit [Hook 3] If you really wanna do it nigga We can step into it Put us up against some other mothafuckas And we runnin through it Fuck a nigga Buck a nigga If he thinks he's a gorilla Man now when I said it you'll remember that (Jeah!) [Hook 2] Hell motherfuckin ya You don't wanna get in trouble with a nigga like the Tecca Nina If you looking like an enemy (Bust) We don't ever stop and take a minute we (Just) Breathe Hey son, what the fuck are you duckin from? Breathe They come, passed the fight every fuckin one Breathe They some, punks bound to sell coke and guns Breathe Spray guns, life results with you often times [Tech N9ne] Just sprayed by the Tech N9ne hand gun Now I'm on the outrun Flowin up again and hot, cooked well done Fuckin with a insane crazy warlord Punks wanna trip but they know I'm too mothafuckin hard Deadly, tickin like a time bomb Fuckin with me you would think you were in Vietnam When I explode ain't nothin left but remains But those who were froze fuckin with a nigga insane Mentally mind and mad motherfucker mad man Had to attack, see them punks like quicksand Droppin and poppin any pump that buck So bring a body bag if you wanna get fucked up Every diga little bitch made nigga Start runnin when I'm playin with the trigga An uzi a 12-gauge it really don't matter And these suckas die when the shotgun scatter From block to block, hood to hood, street to street Boy ya can't fuck with me So for those who told ya to jump up and talk shit Admit ya bitch ya little ass got lit [Hook 1] I don't wanna be the one to get a millimeter in the gut I wanna be the one to hit em with another milla Caught up in the middle I'm a little sick and different I meant it when I said it Do you remember that? [Hook 2] Hell motherfuckin ya You don't wanna get in trouble with a nigga like the Tecca Nina If you looking like an enemy (Bust) We don't ever stop and take a minute we (Just) Breathe Hey son, what the fuck are you duckin from? Breathe They come, passed the fight every fuckin one Breathe They some, punks bound to sell coke and guns Breathe Spray guns, life results with you often times Breathe Hey son, what the fuck are you duckin from? Breathe They come, passed the fight every fuckin one Breathe They some, punks bound to sell coke and guns Breathe Spray guns, life results with you often times Breathe That's beautiful Ronnz from Berlin and shit, hardcore cat Blaze your weed to this This is dedicated to my homeboy Walter Jefferson W.J. Weed Kapone nigga If I ever breathe If I ever live Shit no more fuckin man Believe this blunt I'm blazin And still listen to your kids That's real shit nigga Breathe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Anghellic Reparation Song: F.T.I. Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Verse] Kutt go show how it feels to be voided but listen First I'll make you miss it, like the senate was missin Patricia Hearst cause I been in it for a minute Put minutes in till it hurt, not for minute will I let you diminish my men at work And I been hurting trying to fathom the burden But grieved not I put in work, inside and out I'm deserving a clean shot You people nursing every NERD you encourage to speak not Or you'll get murdered, you ain't heard how the industry seized Pac [Verse] Somebody help the fame hurtin I won't fall for the bullshit So fuck ya'll wit a hard dick drop jaws when we barge in ya turn bitch In front of hard men most rappers are garbage Mitch bade are target how soon de forget that Strange is the hardest wit a line up of artists Do it regardless it's all about where your heart is You can start this but Strange gonna finish it Menice rhyme spoken in every line it presented in To all you hataz in power we say (Fuck the Industry, Fuck the Industry) Jack yo placks put 'em down on eBay (Fuck the Industry, Fuck the Industry) And all you boogie ass chumps can't touch us The industry is some punk mutha fuckers You tell 'em FTI when anybody ask ya Fuck the industry, they the enemy [Verse] Fuck this industry man I'll make it happen boy With fat change this rap thing Full of hoes and hataz and hat gain The CEO don't want no part to this do Cuz if you're fuckin up against My firm is squakin at you mean carkas is thru The A.R. better stay in this car cuz I'm parkin it to Don't hate Brim cause I'm talking the truth My dogs is barking at you so you better get your mind right Deuce clik representation we in the lime light [Verse] This "Rage" is "Against the Machine" Turn these pages and flip till they clean And what remains is 4 Krizz 2 be seen So I say "Fuck the Industry" Cause da speech that you preach to do people Is so evil so "fuck your ministry" How they ever gon' say what we gon' say How they ever gon' say what we gon' do Here I come 4 the mon and I'm comin with a gun Now tell me what I will and I won't do F - Fear em they blast hoes T - Tear 'em a new asshole I - Infect their mind wit this lyrical blindness [Verse] Hey Skatterman I heard you rollin' with Tech But I still ain't signed cuz I'm a problem for these record execs. How can they market a young black political target? Who done took coca leaves beacon soda and enlarged it Into crack rocks selling crack rocks for a livin' From the black top where we jack cops for a livin' So fuck the industry and damn the beats I ain't just in the street I'm Skatterman, I am the streets, Nigga [Verse] You got a smile glarin', cause you get it packed I got yo gal starin', cause you minute mack You go yo mouth swearing that yo hit is plack You hatin' file-sharing cause your shit is wack Sampled yo CD listened and it was cheesy No cable box 4 your TV no label watch for your breezy We ride feel the pain from inside fuck yo fame cause it died Said yo thang was about the game claimed Then he banged but you lied Bout yo artist but yo artist is the farthest From the harest but you market This bark at this bunk dirty carpet Shit game is out smarted Oops somebody farted bout to spark this shit Niggaz are retarded look what you've started Cerami Mark is pissed Imma break it down for you clowns In the industry chain (Fuck perspective Warner Bros., Qwest and JCOR's name) Strange, we independent and you suckas Are the enemy you fuckin up the industry You bustas will remember me [Chorus] (2x) Original Hip-Hop Lyrics Archive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Celcius Song: Be Warned Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com Tech N9ne: Yomega Tech N9ne: The end Tech N9ne: Check it out, check it out [Tech N9ne] Anybody wanna go to war wit a nigga like Tech Neezle We killin them evil people Anybody thinkin evil is feasible Need to go Everybody that's baned for I'm a killa wit a chainsaw I'm a damagin mangar The devilish death by an angel Change all Fuck a nigga Buck a nigga When he wanna get a piece of my Nina Amerikilla Forealla Gorilla like me Tha mothafucka might see Or might not see That about me baroquely You can lock me In a cell wit a Nazi Whiter than oxy And he wouldn't wanna box me When I'm finished Demind is the minish to comin out blacker than a shocked lee Numba N9ne What Complete The heat Release The beast For me Defeat Irregular Secular Right next to ya watchin tha beat Have sex wit ya Midwest in a Shakin hella hands and kissin babies Spittin that shit that'll make yo mom go crazy In a warzone (Can you repeat the words Be Warned three times so all your fears and stress will no longer exist) Be Warned, Be Warned, Be Warned (Backwards) We mothafuckaz this is lyrical WARFARE! Don't nobody wit Tech N9ne betta bust back like a mothafucka (OH YEAH!) Anybody wanna diss Tecca Nina you know you mothafuckaz goin' (NO WHERE!) Eleven eight seventy (O-N-E BOMB!) These punk mothafuckaz betta (BE WARNED!) I write the scripture to flip ya No course to got you When I ripped cha Lyrics bit cha Like nos flopped do When I lit cha When I spit cha Right before I shot you El legua selam brock ma to allow what I betta got to Feelin my heart hates my brain (brain brain) Cause my brain makes me do things that causes my heart pain (Who's to blame?) Never will the Nina name any names (names names) But uh mothafuckaz wantin Nina to sell his soul for the price of fame Fuck that with a big dick! Never will I get wit a mothafucka tryin to get the millimeter twisted! Bow to me! Six six triple eight forty six ninty nine three! Will beware On top of the world It's mine! Look ma I made it! Same delayed it But a higher power okayed it! So I sprayed it! Nigga nigga WARFARE! Don't nobody wit Tech N9ne best bust back like a mothafucka (OH YEAH!) Anybody wanna diss Tecca Nina you know you mothafuckaz goin' (NO WHERE!) Eleven eight seventy (O-N-E BOMB!) These punk mothafuckaz betta (BE WARNED!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Industry is Punks Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] The industry's a bunch of fuckin punks!! Here's what they said...  Well, yaknow Tech, your drum-n-bass might not  go well with uh urban radio, yaknow?  And, your orange hair, it's so.. not..  black, I mean yaknow, you understand what I'm sayin? [Chorus] - 2X They won't play me on - radio, cuz they be on Punk shit daily y'all - industry's a shady one They won't play me on - radio, cuz they be on Punk shit daily y'all - industry's a shady one [Verse One: Tech] Yo.. yo.. check.. check.. Don't nobody wanna deal with a nigga that got it together for real, and even think his own thoughts Everybody wanna do what everybody else do, when the "copycat" is what they been taught I'ma get in the brain of the lame I contain pain, and I'ma give it to the rap game The way you're doin it, the way you're pursuin it you're gonna ruin the feelin, it's a goddamn shame Are you ready for the real? Here we go now Most on the radio can't flow now Everyday I gotta cut the radio down Sound like another Pac or an O-Town We can't have a contest or a showdown With two guys got the same kinda flow sound Tecca Nina; I'm comin to put the mo' down Run up in the record label with the fo' pound Am I too versatile? Cursed to drown in the bowels of the Earth When I'll be first to growl, and burst out the fouls of the original murderous verse out the mouth Big Tech N9ne's gonna be the one winnin the race That's real, I'm speakin to everyone in the place I can deal what ya don't like; the drum and the bass If you can deal with a motherfuckin gun in your face I can't get wit it Record labels in the industry are sick wit it P.D.'s that really don't know a hit for shit Kick the bitch - if you diss my hit, you might get pistol-whipped Catch him in the hall - hit 'em in the jaw Give it to the fans, they can get it all Cuz the industry is punks! - check I'm ready to get crunk I'm comin to straight dump with a pump! [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Two: Tech] How many Tupac's and Jay-Z's and Master P's can they conceive? Cuz they know a few glocks, three 18's, and master keys'll make 'em bleed How you gonna say black people won't listen to this and don't listen to that? Like sayin a fool can slang 'caine, a fool can gangbang but never will get hit with a gat? You better - get your story straight Cuz I ain't no devil for real - I'm a rebel for real That Tech N9ne is on some other level for real You a pebble to real niggaz - songs like "Pyscho Bitch" and "Real Killa" "Einstein", "Niggaz" after mill still-a The idiots say black folks won't feel us What you think we dumb? Do we all gotta run when the heat come? Showin original tongue, it'll be fun but the motherfuckers with the bums and the weak ones Suge Knight punked the industry quick That's because most the industry's bitch! Nigga I'm a man, I don't be runnin from nobody We deal with the niggaz who trippin and givin us shit Radio won't play the old fame thought they wanted rap to advance but they all gay Wanna die in my aunt's hate Every industry's rackin 'em, givin money to the un-paid Tech and Technico, dead peo-ple, involved from K.C. to Mex-i-co Strapped with that fat Desert Eagle Run up on the industry and let the heat go! [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Three: Tech] You can look into my E-Y-E's and you can see why these motherfuckers don't wanna see my steez Cuz I'm a killa with lyricals comin down like miracles and I come from a kingdom of humble drums and hums become rumbles I'm the one that begun the unsung Got sprung, now everyone comin in bundles Act like a bitch; treated like a bitch Act like a chump; treated like a chump When the funk jump - what ya gonna want? Ain't gon' want nothin - in the street punk You can run but you can't hide from the riot So you can say that it's dope but I won't buy it You can think Tech N9ne really won't fly But I got a killa ear and a killa eye Def Jam take chances; in my opin-ions They give advances; to the niggaz that's really on Universal, Loud, LaFace - that's some of my favorites But the ones who call the shots; most of 'em on some heinous shit That other shit; call your mother, sis, or ya brother bitch Not no lover licks, packin black and fat, blubber shit Yeah the radio dead! - cuz the industry is punks! (punks!) Put the double-barrel to his forehead!! [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne  Album: Absolute Power Album: Here Comes Tecca Nina Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] I be bustin (bustin) parents be fussin and cussin Cause all I talk about is silicone and muffins (muffins) So if you didnt come to hear some strips clubs hits Then get the hell on cause I'm gettin my mail on; I'm hustlin I'm talkin about foes and I'm talkin bout fans and kitties I'm talkin about hoes and I'm talkin bout Kansas City Thats where I dwell wit wit, my my bills And I I, I will pop hot rocks for real Venomous, when it gets HOT The Tech straight killin hatas, when it gets ROCK The sex rates genemater, so dont miss SHOT Spits quick game inovator  Chick generator quick trip James Lemonator This is the beginin of blingin and houses and women Welcomin angels and demons and cowards are sent it I'm alive and well but demise will bring ghost stories When I rise in hell them alive will still vote for me [Hook]2x Watch out, cuzz here comes Tecca Nina Roll out, cuzz here comes Tecca Nina Drop down, cuzz here comes Tecca Nina Cuzz here comes Tecca Nina Cuzz here comes Tecca Nina Cuzz here comes Tecca Nina [Tech N9ne] Bonzai, baby every once I  Smokin and drinkin and poppin so hurry come fly Cuzz I plenty rolled, and I got plenty dough And we got plenty hoes, we roll on 24's What it is, what it was, what it shall be What the bliz, what the L, where the Belvi Caroboulu is 151 and Malibu Rum and pineapple So whats this weakness you tryin to sell me I represent, the Rougue Dawg Villian niggas Betta repent, the foes all feelin triggas You got me tempt, we rolls all billa scrilla Roll call villian killas, froze y'all fill in millas This be the best time To bust ya best rhyme You bring ya best rhyme I'm on yo next line And when I flex mine I see respect signs  Call the request line And just say TECH N9NE! [Hook] [Tech N9ne] They call me Tecca Nina, that be my nick name I often wreck arenas, most of em chicks man Spoil us wit checks and visa, thats how we spit game Havin them bless the weiner, I love to get brain Four chicks in the back of the truck  Backin it up, suckin on tongues laughin it up Gased in the cut, bustin the buns slappin it up Quick wrappin it up, we trust wit no funds Then passin the butt Absolute when I shoot the shit Choose the chicks wit flows that you used to get Take 'em to Adams house, and rat 'em out Or take 'em down to Wes' get breastes up in ya face And scat 'em out Make room, for the crew and beats that thump I got the sickness horny chicks mighty mind B Straight doom, for the crew that see like chumps I bring 'em six-six triple eight forty-six, ninety nine three [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne  Album: Absolute Power Song: Imma Tell Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com [Pre-Hook]2x Moma say stop or I'm gonna tell poppa [Hook] This is the town where the clowns put it down baby Moma say stop or I'm gonna tell poppa Close the door befo ya child here the sound baby Moma say stop or I'm gonna tell poppa * - Tech raps these lines in between at double speed [Tech N9ne] The killa clowns in ya town raisin all hell * Tecca Nina wit the stamina comin to damage ya  Buckin the bammer when I bust wit a bang And it aint no clause that say fraud aint no tall tale * Women love when I hit when I cover the booty  They givin it to me but it aint no thang We reppin KC MO fellas and the ladies know * That we comin wit the killas I'm wit the gorillas  The villians that get ya when you disrespect us Even the babies know Tech Nina got crazy flow * We be givin the women the willy we sick of the hatas  Wanna pays us betta get this record This is important we be courtin every place we go * Get you up in the room and drippin up wit the groom  I give it to you anyway you wanna have it Baby is a horse and yes of course I'ma have to break the hoe * Leavin the kids at home I wanna bone alone  We hoppin up and down like jack rabbits So many kids put this on they daddies mind * Never will I ever put 'em out there like that  Feelin that I did Tecca Nina take it right back Tellin 'em that they mommy's boyfriends Tech N9ne * Don't be lookin at me like you really wanna fight cat  All Tecca Nina wanna know is where the mic at [Hook]2x [Tech N9ne] 151, Malibu Rum, and pineapple juice * For those that dont know thats Caroboulu   Warranted in Missou We havin fun got some buns on some yack abuse * Rouge Dawgs gonna rep it and smoke a lot  Regime, Outlawz, Duece Click in a zoo Stack up when you wit the nut house we gonna have ya * Takin everything up in the book from X and the puff  You lookin to get took Abracadbra, 151 and coke is viagra * Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me  Gotta real love from havin the bed shook Look I'm hella fed up wit all the silly rumors dawg * Sayin that we got dropped JCOR  That never ever happened I mean what do they know We kept our head up and now moneys comin to us all * We kickin it wit Strange wollowin fame  Givin the game only when I say so So crack some bud wit me, demons get some love wit me * Doin what you gotta do to get what you gotta get   It gotta get it all Tecca Ninas on a roll Get on some shrub wit me, two cases of bud wit me * What you gonna do to get the women on crunk  I'ma hit 'em wit the funk got 'em all like OOOO! [Hook]  [Tech N9ne] One, then comes the two to the three and * That was the anthem no this the anthem  Hella rockin the planet again you can't stand it again Huns, they then comin through to see me man * Then I de-pants 'em and I bust at random  In a bit I'ma land 'em, dock, women I ram it again Raise, I love to get high and get paid * Why do I wanna stick 'em wit another hit out of abyss  Baby you don't wanna miss the ISH Babes they love to come by and get laid * Why am I at the pinnacle when I rip it I'ma kill 'em in this  To the hatas I gotta send 'em a gift Bump this in your ride or in the club * Givin everybody what they need  I give it all so they give it all back to me Hatas don't you hide just show some love * Do you dig it I'ma rep the B  And never ever let the C get the best of me So many kids put this on their daddies mind * Never will I put 'em out there like that  Feelin that I did Tecca Nina take it right back Tellin him their mommy's boyfriend is Tech N9ne [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Slacker Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] Slacker: a person who shirts his work or duty A person who evades military service in the wartime Hehehehehe.. I know one thing man I'm gonna have my kicks before the whole shithouse goes up in flame Youknowhat'msayin? heheheheh.. Eat, drink, and be merry, tomorrow you may die That's what life's about man, good times, a little salad Haha... [Verse One: Tech] Yo yo I'm a product of reganomics, neurotic They sayin homage is gone up, inhaling chronic The oddest I'm stayin honest - I'm bout to make it famous So you can take that J-O-B and you can shove it up your anus I ain't never understood how the world works But I always understood why the girls twerk for a baller not a nine-to-five Barely makin it with disgust behind ya eyes So I just, grip my piece, rip off fleece Out to take ya lip off chief, with my peeps We ruthless - if you got money then deuce it Goofs get toothless, with loose off two-fifths, we useless I wanna kick it but ain't got the dough Sneak in the concert, trip and make 'em stop the show We gots to go! Push me and I sock the po' Gettin the bail from my parents is impossible (I'm a slacker) - never did I have a lotta dough (I'm a slacker) - smoking pot and watching videos (I'm a slacker) - go whichever way the wind blows Those just tuning in, I'm just lettin you know (I'm a slacker) - everytime I take a look around (I'm a slacker) - stuck up on the faces around I don't do enough, I just fool around Y'all can go to hell, how does that sound? [Verse Two: Tech] Now you can tell from my everyday fits, I ain't rich I sneak with a piece when I grit (grit) I'm just another gatman caught up in the mix (mix) Tryna take yo' dollar and yo' fifteen cents (I grind with a pistol) I stay rid of you lames (y'all gay!) I play video games (all day!) When Kans City mo' brains, it's gritty slow game We diddy-bop with really no change (y'all bang!) And people holla "How ya do dat dere" "Why ya pants hanging low, and why you grew that hair?" Lightin a bleeze or with my people ridin a Regal Always in trouble with coppers cuz we drivin illegal (drivin illegal) I ain't never givin them lee-way to hear me nay The judicial assembly's gay hey! I come out at night cuz I sleep all day! Tryna get with Def Jam, Loud, or MCA! [Verse Three: Tech] Yo yo check Enter the party and my homies got to pay for me I look dazed, it just be another day for me Gettin drunk, hopin I get to the crib safely Pray for me, cuz I'm needin money majorly Sit at home watchin MTV with a empty P- O-C-K-E-T; I MP3 everything that I hear on the streets Never buy it, don't deny it, I'm the fear I'ma be You say get a job? I say hit a knob Cuz the way you run the world is every bit a fraud So what you askin me? You get no tax from me I got whites, natives, and mexicans, and blacks with me Huh! I'm tryna get up there with Master P Pass the D, cuz that's the way it has to be We bust to be free, we trust to be G So FUCK who be glee, it sucks to be me [Chorus] - 2X I'm a slacker (doo) I'm a slacker (doo-doo-doo-doo) yeah (doo-o) [repeat until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Keep On Keepin On Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne talkin] You muthafuckas thing we gonna stop keepin on We shall prevail  Muthafuckas fear what they do not understand And what they do not understand they try and destroy Come on now [Tech N9ne] I hear 'em whisperin in corners speakin dirty talk on us Bout how we too grown up, that we unknowners  And my persona is Rock 'N Rollish yo' nigga told us Every word that you quoted  Said I wouldn't be the one that sold it, but HA we exploded I'm that rap nigga that you heard with 2Pac, Sole Lynch and Bo, Wake Up Show wit King Tech and Sway Yukmouth, Thicker Than Water, Gang Related, Eminem Roger Trout, MC Ren, nigga Spice-1 and them Hit 'em wit a venom send 'em down kill 'em when I spit When I get a bit of scrilla Tech is givin niggas shit Love 'em love us but the playa hatin niggas betta split It'll neva be another Tecca Nina when I quit You better kneel when you hear a nigga that's real  I feel 18 when I bust from the grill  Because, (if you keep it young) Yo song is always sung  So street life taugt me to keep 'em sprung God sent me to kill, lyrical scripts The miracle whipped you demons and hatas who tripped Listen I really feel, my Villainty real when he spit Fuck them plus anybody they go get, and shit [Hook]2x You can pray and pray on my downfall When I rise like the sun I ain't fuckin wit y'all I'ma keep on, keepin on, keep on, holdin on [Tech N9ne] The storm consumes all the sun and moon fall  When you saw the mega morion dregorian Jet and Ru Pauls Extreme case of blue balls cuzz you bang Got fruit all in his veins  What I'm sayin is I will reign murder you all in his name Biss malla wit the fist in a pistola  Dismiss the kiss from a hiss giva Wrist slita male bitch or witch wit a twist A glitch man abyss swimma, trick I will never slide, never fall, never fail Never the devils side, ever call, never hell But I got these muthafuckas prayin for my downfall But the orange hair means time to clown y'all Thanks to Jenny I'll get the message to many The circus is comin and gunnin wit plenty I heard that Bakari got a poster of me burnin To get his earnin concernin not I killed him but he aint learnin Nigga you couldn't burn me wit acid or in a firey pit You couldn't burn in a volcano were lava is spit  You couldn't burn me if you damned me to hell wher Satan sit The only way you can burn me is wit ya bitch nigga [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Why don't you niggas keep ya mouth shut  Without us you clout sucks you doubt us and get ya mouth bust We veterans and better then you young cheesy cheddar men Bouncin across the nation and you home watchin Letterman I'm the nigga that got 'em listenin I know its sickenin To know I'm the nigga got girlies coochie glistenin From listenin to my shit and when I get her for christenin She splits again cuzz I made her spit the nitro glycerin I'm on you, callin me a old negro But I don't know a young nigga that could hold me though  Plus the dough be low, average and I hold the glow But they want me to fall so they can say "I told you so" But if I'm mutli punks would say I just lucked up Keep talkin that shit might getcha fucked up You some Jimmy Rucker Tommy Tucker type of muthafuckas Glamorize and specialize in gettin butt fucked Niggas think they dope then gonna try to check me I'm here to let yo ass know you need to respect me Although you ain't sayin shit you gettin on my nerves I'ma keep on keepin on mufucka thats word [Hook] They say I don't fit in But I won't listen [Post-Hook]2x You can say what you wanna  I'ma come up on a  Life from livin gutta  I have to be no otha Keep on, keepin on, keep on, holdin on Keep on, keepin on, keep on, holdin on [Tech N9ne] So now do you understand? Is the picture clearly? Heh...fuck y'all niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Mr. Stinky, Snug Brimm, Hollow Tip Album: Absolute Power Song: Gunz Will Bust Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com [Snug Brimm] I know you know this is Kansas City where life don't mean shit So step to me and immediatly get ya dome split I pack heat for days, run streets wit K's and hollows On the concrete ya saved, you made the pill no swallow You never thought tommorrow  You'd see me beamed up off I'm down wit a pump Searchin for the niggas on a hunt Jerkin on the trigga when I dump Its not a game dude my killas will mangle Anything in my range fool, when hattin get flame move We play the same rules, bustin out thirty-two shots Lookin to murda ya block, they neva heard of you shot Them come and servin you, Snug Brimm get the flashin  Innocent or provin guilty, Snug Brimm get the blastin And fuck the homicide charge I got the Exposito  A mob figga, plus a lawyer and do work for kilos You know the steelo, real niggas neva talk Just listen this Duece shit comin wit heat up out the kitchen [Tech N9ne] Rough niggas in the street will bust for the bread in me Duece 57 Street and seven duece be packin heat  Punks get the fuck away from we 'Fore we buckin the, mothafuckin G-U-N-Z [Hook] Mr. Stinky & (Tech N9ne) They dont want fuck wit us (When I believe I will die) They dont want fuck wit us (Many hatas wanna try) As watch out gunz will bust (Real niggas run the streets wit they gats up) (Everything got and hoes gettin snatched up) [Hollow Tip] If you my enemy, my energy, Yo' rhymes in elemantary Get lost in penetentiary when I begin the century So mention me, and I'ma heat the strack up If its a hundred of you demons I suggest you fuckin back up I will mack up, don't slack up, I'ma act up wrong Any muthafucka that think he got his clown suit on Step on, destroy ya mind you waistin ya time Cuz when I spit a fuckin rhyme, I got a million in line Now listen to me, a bitch to do, nicknamin me Hollow Tip When I spittin off clips betta kill yo click  And I'll ya brain if you can't maintain Betta slow ya roll boy, really hungry aint no ho boy Lets just show boy, and ya know boy that  I whoop yo ass like whoa boy You a decoy, on the real thang I'm the genius, you a pea brain  Get pissed on, and whipped on, so who you talkin shit on I'ma spit on, any niggas spirit that step to me Tryin to take my soul from under me But I got a life time warranty [Unknown] Its Scatter Man came consistently dirty From K.C. we're in the drought we pay fifty for birdies Pack is short I call Snug and just give him the word he Take ya faith before he tell on me they get him for burndry Hustlas shoot shit, rob shit, blue shit Hardcore convicts, mob shit, you snitch, kill em below ticks New shit, knew shit, knew we crossin the color lines Nuff money, nuff weed, make a tought nigga color blind We ran for curb servers then hop in and out of cars  Ran for cash wit third murders then hop in and out of bars D12, Strange Muzik, Rougue Dogs, Regime Duece Click, Dough Boys, Young Gunz, same team Same beams, niggas that'll split ya cherry Vigilantes muthafucka plus permits to carry Bitch you scary, fuck you and that bitch you married Cross anyone I named that shit'll get you barried [Tech N9ne] Rough niggas in the street will bust for the bread in me Duece 57 Street and seven duece be packin heat  Punks get the fuck away from we 'Fore we buckin the, mothafuckin G-U-N-Z [Hook] [Tech N9ne] It's all out war for the punks  Funk finna jump chumps get a lump When I dump tunks for the biuncs  Gump wanna thump over pumps in a bump  Rumps get it crunk when I skunk runts I'ma monk What you bunk niggas want Fuck what you thunk you sunk in a trunk  FUCK THAT, we done heard and took enough crap  Trust we bust back when muskrats bust caps I'ma tryna touch scrath, and bring my hell to party And for the last time motherfuck Vell Bakari You cannot rap scrap wit me nigga to the back of me Catastrophe hit you shits ragedy it had to be this Tragedy shit, suck it up don't be mad at me bitch I'm glad to be rich you gets none wit that faggoty bits  I'ma a ex poppin, shroom droppin, rock 'n roll star Youz a, no coppin hoes stalkin drunk and a old fart Its a shame, think you quick but you heard we flow quicka Plus the bitches don't want to fuck a black herpy nosed nigga THIS IS IT Y'ALL Dump this pussy of in a pit dog No stackin in hip hop it must not be his nitch y'all So take the chicken exit, Tech Ninnas whats up Next time grown folks talk you shut the fuck up BITCH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Kutt Calhoun Album: Absolute Power Song: Biancas and Biatrices Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com [Hook] Biancas and biatrices I know the wettin matresses And bendin over gimme yo positions Biancas and biatrices they love the way I'm rappin this I dig 'em then I pluck 'em then I diss 'em [Tech N9ne] I'm kickin it wit this chick up in the club I'm off the lou And when you're on that Carubou you know just what you do I called her Bianca she said "what is that Bianca shit" I looked and cracked a smile and said Bianca means you bitch You'z a Bianc baby, whether you like it or not But you hot exspecially when ex and vicaden pop  If you trippin you can hike it and hop Cuzz you know what I came to do Me and my villains come to strike it and stop Pipe it and prop, ya leg up and get up Bianca hold ya head up, ya sex wet the bed up Everybodies ponderin wonderin about my slang that I spit You can use it when you refer to a dame or a chick Don't be trippin about the choice of words I'm usin on this script Don't step off in my face cuzz you can bet I come equipped You wanna know what to say to get the Bianc to let you blend Hotel, motel, Holiday Inn [Hook]2x [Kutt] You dat new green nigga Kutt Calhoun (who dat) You know that big lip pretty nigga wit the gold teeth Be rappin wit Tech, heard he just signed a big deal An estimated five or six million, I'ma blow his mind (Bitch) Big lips and all the things involved got ya whole brain disolved You couldn't queeze in drause if you was my dick and balls I tell you man, theses dames are lame, greedy, raunchy, and dikes And nigga gets bit of fame and Biancas be like  (So yo grow got loads) Biatrices is sayin, (Hell yeah yeah yeah yeah) But Kutty be like, (Ho no slow yo rool) Bafoon to busy tryin to zoom off into the upper room Claimin the glad to dick and asses I fix the seaweed And hashish and hits so fast then dressin me Just cuzz I'm bad bitch you gettin nasty Goin get yo nasty ass bizass ash and slash sassy BIATRICE [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Biatrices means more than one Bianca  They actresses bring 'em sex toys and ganja We activist ain't yes boys we monsters  And macks at this rring ya best noise we conquer  The fact is this say you don't wanna when you want to Relax to this extascy and willy wonka  We slaps a bitch, cuzz me and my niggas are bonkers We stacks the hits, no kaliko, tyco, or tonkas  Emaculate get the mothafucka you on a  A lacative cuzz they boo-boo biten piranhas My gats'll spit, till you playa hatas are gonners Like Maximus, I'm gladiator for na-na My raps assist the beat that disturbin ya mama They scrap to this, welcome wicked witness the trauma So clap to this, while you puffin yo marijuana  Get back to this, (what) Biatrices and Biancas [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Yo, yo, yo baby I'm so sorry if yo name is Bianca or Biatrice I know they givin you a hard time about it You know what I'm sayin A, Yo its just some lingo dog, Tech N9ne lingo My borther Dyno Mack, hes a goddamn fool  He came up wit that shit in L.A. dog Baby I'm so sorry If yo name is Bianca or Biatrice...A The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Slither Typed by: PH0KuZeD@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne Talking] A stallion Ass like pow Chest like bang Lips like ooh An angel mane But she had the devil's eyes I had to have her cat [Verse 1] Pass me the 151 and coke cat And later we'll find where the dope at but hold that I seen something so fat That wish I could've drove back To get my codac Strip teeasa! Loving who got the visa Got up and she will please ya Not of then she don't need ya Product Gucci Felecia It's a duty to feed ya Amnesia Caribou and tequezia Off the turnbuckle baby bub I have the booties and boobies It was nootie so cootie was a cutey I gotta get neara I got mucho dinero Look at her look at herself in the mirror Moving like Shakira Made my way To the front of the stage 100's for days Big body I wanted to praise Will she get with a nigga? maybe! She bent over and said thanks and I whispered in her ear [Chorus x2] Tech: I love the way you make it slither baby Every night when I come through That looks like something that I want to run through Girl: You want some, ooh Tech: You know I want to Girl: Baby we can have fun too (I love the way you make it slither baby) [Verse 2] Well she asked me for a lap dance And Trav said she too fine, fat chance Boy I'm Tech N9ne I rap and I slap hands With millionaires plus I got stacks man She approached me slowly Holy moly Chef Boy R Dee's cheese and beef ravioli Hold me close Nose be ope How much evil can dough provoke How much she told me nope Cause this one was on her I'm hoping I can get the chance to put it on her She slithered on me put the booty in my lap and got to gyrating Was I waiting For the pushing grabbing and vibrating But this is really when my pupils got to dilating What kind of magical hocus pocus was I facing Over and over I tried to explain it the best that I could She put the mouth on the crotch of my pants and said (HERRRRRH) [Hook] Tech: Shit Girl: you like that baby? Tech: How about me and you leave here baby so we can do that shit you just did Over and over again [Chorus x2] [Verse 3] Said she needed 400 to tip out I whip out The grip so quick so we can dip out The trick house Told my homies not to poke they lip out I'm going to rip out The guts and try to throw my hip out Now it's time to trip out Got at the bitch house Was three fine female roommates my homies missed out Took me to her room and threw me right on the bed Got right on the head What a wonderful night it was said Then along came 3 36 double D's Sizes kissing and licking on me They coming to do what Wake my dude up But one of them bitches bit me on the neck and drew blood Then the other and the other Instead of bud lovers I'm trapped with blood sucking motherfuckers for eternity Brought me here to straight feed on a nigga All because I said to a stripper (I love the way you make it....Slithaaaaaa!) [Tech and Girls Talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Trapped in a Psycho's Body Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] Yo.. what's up. For those who don't know. I go by the name of Tech N9ne. I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Some of the things already known, that are familiar with me. and my thoughts.. so these are the real thoughts. I'ma share with you.. like this. [Tech N9ne] Don't you come near me cuz the Devil's sittin next to me I drink my drink, and smoke my weed and pop my ecstasy Then add some GHB and mushrooms to the recipe This means I'm really lettin the beast within get the best of me [Tech N9ne's inner voices] If you can hear me, I need help I'm caught and I'm stuck and I'm trapped in this self Don't understand this fucked up hand that G dealt Lazarus help me cuz it's hazardous to T's health He's set trippin - he's tryna get a nigga killed and get a nigga peeled, the otherside is gonna rid 'em in the field No sentimental feelings, send 'em in the cold buildings I tried to tell him where you go you will not see your women and your children He popped, fifteen hits of ex in one night Lick dick tips have sex with some dykes And he won't use protection for my erection Constantly makin me get that pencillin injection [Tech N9ne] Wait, I hear voices, speakin from inside I'm out front waitin, he creepin and he hides I can't help but notice he's kinda stuck up, I'ma let it slide But in the meantime shut the fuck up, and just ride Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby. Oooooh... it's about to drive me crazy. Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby. Oooooh... it's about to drive me crazy. [Tech N9ne] When I was younger I used to faint at the sight of blood Now that I'm older I notice that it ain't at the sight of blood Now the sight of blood equals the very first sign of love Menstrual cycles, feeling like you right at your height of drugs Bleed for me baby, made your heart rage Fuckin you makes me feel a murderous sensation, blood mixed with ejaculation Cum bustin, bump heads 'til concussions After we done fuckin, if I can't get the spirit I've won nothin [Tech N9ne's inner voices] I got children, and a wife He's thinkin of leapin off a buildin, takin flight By now somebody shoulda killed him, end his life Too many motherfuckers feel him, and his mic Somebody stop him cuz he's fuckin up my livelihood With me trapped inside this psycho how can I be good To my wife the (?) only close to it for money, he's in it A monster running back and forth from the free clinic If you a friend, time to say toodaloo Cuz ain't no possible way he can ever be true to you Careful your appointment could do the due If he wants to kill hisself, what the fuck you think he wanna do to you? [Tech N9ne (inner voices)] I am a nightmare walkin, psychopath talkin Brain deteriorating cuz I'm ex pill poppin I got more troubles, whatever you got it doubles and triples and quadruples, havin fantasies of eatin nipples and noodles Drugs - take the pain away Used to have a lotta love - but now I fade away The fact, that women love the music and they open they legs for a psychopathic nigga that's so fucked up in the head, it's beautiful (Told my parents this isn't suitable) Devil bitches'll learn (No!) Gotta recruit a few (This nigga's gonna do me harm! I'm drugged up and I'm torn!) (Look at this motherfucker he colored my hair orange!) You can't touch me, everybody loves me Listening to my music, children are gettin ugly If I told you everything I was thinkin it wouldn't be G Tellin you how many crossed my path just wouldn't be me But they know, cuz they way low About some ex and fry and jayo - and fuck a halo Alotta Jim Beam to have grim dreams would be healthy (Aiyyo I'm trapped in psycho's body, can ya help me?) [Chorus] - 3X {*chanting til fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: T9X Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com Girl: Hey Tech N9ne: Wassup? Girl: You wanna get high? Tech N9ne: Watchu got? Girl: Whatever Tech N9ne: Let's do it Girl: You feel it yet? Tech N9ne: Yeah (echoes) [Tech N9ne] Fall into a spell way deeper than hell Sensation was given to me from my homegirl Chelle Told me, since I was in pain and I like to rebel This Motorola I'm givin you will suit you real well Ten minutes twenty minutes thirty minutes feelin funny Butterflies (Jeah!) My eyes dilate another size Overwhelming since of love Got these nutts so sprung Walk up to a stranger baby Can I suck yo tongue? Tinglin baby got me feelin mingling baby This is a hella higher learnin than singleton baby One minute I'm cold next one I'm heat (Jeah!) Give me some, Big Red so I don't grind my teeth This is deep I take another one (Jeah!) And another one (Jeah!) And another one Uh oh here comes the other one (Jeah!) I'm simulated main I'm hella blown away And all my problems that I had have all gone away (Jeah!) I'ma pop another pill and I'ma take a sip of Carabou to wash it down (Jeah!) You thinkin I'ma overdose I never had a moment that'll turn a nigga round (Jeah!) I really wanna get you but I gotta do my dick is in the bed I wanna start (Jeah!) I feel I wanna fuck you but my dick is really numb and I don't see me gettin hard (Jeah!) She told me to take this cap of GHB with a gulp of Mountain Dew with glee So I could possibly end my existence (Jeah!) GHB, ain't no need for resistance (Jeah!) Ecstacy (Jeah!) Yeah! Ecstacy I love you very much G-H-B I love you very much Shrooms and weed I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience A-C-I-D I love you very much P-C-P I love you very much Carabou Lee I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience [Tech N9ne] I'm on five pills and a cap of date rape One Carabou Lou and it ain't even late, great I feel good (Jeah!) Let's go to the Ex house That's where Heather and Marty got everybody Exed out Walkin the crib My homegirl say Tech's with me Cuz she know all the bitches wanna get next to me I'm a star and ladies wanna have sex with me But the bitches still get jealous offa Ecstacy It's like thirty people in the house (Jeah!) Rave bitches, massage and glow sticks in the mouth (Jeah!) I take another cap of G with my Mountain Dew (Jeah!) I'm higher than the top floor of the Fountain Blue (Jeah!) Somebody said they got the chronic, line it up mane (Jeah!) Let's smoke it all til we fall then get up again (Jeah!) I wanna fuck but I'm numb cuz I'm fizzled up (Jeah!) Skip to the Lou, I tried to piss dick is shriveled up (Jeah!) My nigga Kutt got the blunt nigga pass it (Jeah!) I didn't even know you was here so he passed it with a couple hits of acid (Jeah!) Like I refuse to stay alive (Jeah!) It's pills and mo thrills, I'm lucky if I survive I'm high! Ecstacy I love you very much G-H-B I love you very much Shrooms and weed I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience A-C-I-D I love you very much P-C-P I love you very much Carabou Lee I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience Dipped out the Ex house It's right around two Off to Westport to kick it with the Hurricane Crew Saw my niggas C and G after party at the room My homegirl Iesha slipped me a couple grams of shrooms Damn, it don't stop Embasy suites three o'clock With my niggas C and G Make a hella G and E I get, two more hits of that Ecstacy shit I don't wanna come down off that Ecstacy trip Bitches, in the room lookin so fresh so clean A couple, hella high panties, and brought no jeans My nigga said that he got codeine Mixed it with cherry roper tussin and duece I took a sip of his lean In the bathroom to bust a shit (Jeah!) I couldn't do it so my bitch came to suck the dick (Jeah!) It was hard and soft but hard enough to penetrate the slit (Jeah!) Bout twenty minutes damn near fainted when it was time to spit (Jeah!) Five o'clock in tha mornin and we still zoned (Jeah!) Seven o'clock in tha mornin pill is still on (Jeah!) This life I live, I might not die If let lone (Jeah!) Love my experience This is my fucked up life (Jeah!) Don't try this at home Yeah! Ecstacy I love you very much G-H-B I love you very much Shrooms and weed I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience A-C-I-D I love you very much P-C-P I love you very much Carabou Lee I love you very much This is the Tech N9ne experience Girl: Wassup for today? Tech N9ne: Whatever Girl: Wanna get high? Tech N9ne: Let's do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne ft/ D-12 Album: Absolute Power Song: She Devil Typed by: abz1986@yahoo.com * * send correction to the typist [Girl] I want you to take this [N9ne] What is it [Girl] Something that'll make ya feel real good [N9ne] Aww damn girl, give it here [Tech N9ne] Often they blow your top watch when they hold your jock Shocked when they're not sold Crouch and you lost composer Soft for the hoes you're not stocked for the row You walk for the hot shot wana cop and do lots of doser She devil her greed level is hella high Speed rebel exceed pedals with a devil's eye They call girl and strip and all borough and trip In y'all world and dip and all thorough and hip Hustlers they sluts and drug smugglers Money they double up throw that stuff up and bubble up Best believe when I get you I'm bout to strap it down Cuz when I'm tired I'm a tippied tired when ya cap it down I gots to have it now Tech N9ne its a habit got to stab it I'm a savage hound She devils are incredible out for thy dough When the ??? is grille, X and tapes of Tae-Bo, yo [Chorus: Bizarre] (Send me I warn you) She Devils in the house lemme here ya (Heeyyy) Off top I gots to get near ya [Bizarre] Today my wife left, I don't give a fuck Bitch thats why I'm paying you 150 bucks (how much for me and my man?) to suck, me and Kuniva, let this diabetic dick touch your saliva I think I'm gone and crazy, 14 to 48 Ever since we've fucked I've been coughing and loosing weight Skank ho, trying to creep Bitch pick up your son he been at school for a week (mommy!) You fucking freak trying to get the best of me Kidnap your ass leave you lost like Kelly without Destiny You skank trick, you suck dick Jason Williams (what up) Shoot this dirty bitch [Kuniva] This devilist bitch is so succulent Taking a piece of my soul every time that I bust a nutt she's like a succubus A nymphomanic laying me back on the filthy mattress cum stains on it smelling like catfish Still I hit it, yeah I did it Her pussy travels she doesn't have a pivot I remember when she was timid Your scandalous ass taking a pass this cash Got him on tape suckin your tit snortin and passing hash I still had to grab that ass Had to laugh at stories about your ragged ass maxi pads You silly bitch, she used to be a nerdy bitch Now she's in the backyard fucking 30 kids [Kon Artis] Now besides being on X, and regardless me loving sex We getting close to you lex, its grindin every kick Fingers up your pussy, your hands rubbing my dick As soon as my wife push me Your man's fucking her trick You don't care if she know I trip But she's starting to get ??? to it Cuz She's finding matches in my pockets that say I strip Which means I might get caught loose everything that I've brought The house the kids and the car I know this sounds bizarre but we should give her a call and see if she want in That way its 3 way sex and we can all be friends I know you done if before don't act like you haven't whore! I'm about to loose my wife I can't afford a divorce! [Chorus x2] [Swift] Fucking with your pussy is a handful (for real) You think I'm drowning but I'm clowing so basically bitch you a damn fool And thats a given fact plus I remember back when you was young I could see 100 niggaz through your gap And all of them was probably hitting that, thats embarrassing You stuck with 30 children, 70 miscarrages In and out of buildings, ain't carin' who it is Fucking newly weds, didn't mean to do it but you did [Proof] Devil is she, she never to be (faithful) Credit to free its better that she (tranquil) Even her apple my cock unlock the keys to your asshole Stop the plot through the freeze with my cash flow Cock the glock at them ??? in the castle Fresh out of school with a disease in the tassel Skis in the satchel You just my (ho) thats the reason you stack dough [Chorus x2] [N9ne] Shit this feels good baby whatchu say this was again? [Girl] Don't worry about it, just relax [N9ne] oooooooo... here, let me lick on this [Girl] Its gonna cost you [N9ne] I got all of it baby [Girl] Well that's exactly what I need [Girl] All of it (*repeat "all of it" until fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Worst Enemy Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Tech N9ne] I'ma tell y'all a lil' story man, yaknahm'sayin? {*thunder*} Yo this is a song about, somebody who did me wrong dawg I thought you was my homie man.. I guess not Fuck it... You was supposed to be my, dawg Homie when I first met you what was told to me was, fraud What a shocker, and imposter, I've been crossed, I lost ya My best friend turned out to be an enemy, that's endin me Hidden, no sympathy, no empathy either, homie I never denied ya Nuttin that you wanted - women? I never playa-hated I hooked you up, booked you up from the beginning This enemy had love for you, shared blood for ya When ya wanted to dig I dug for ya nigga But you a double-crosser, nasty hand-tosser I shoulda known you was evil - when ya told me you was cool for we could be sex fools when we under the steeple, the retrieval I'm tryna get my life back No more stoppin women from puttin a knife at ya cap Remember when we was kickin it, bitches was givin it everyday We did it in everyway, but the respect went away You got a mind of your own now You're grown now, can I ask you a question? Did you forget we kinfolks nigga, we the same complexion? I'm stressin -- you was always in front of me so I listened Everyday you wanted me on a mission I even let you have sex with my lady like a G Infatuated with you and not me I sucked it up, I got back wit her, you fucked it up By lettin her know I was creepin around, with every chick in the town,  BUSTER! I shoulda known not to trust ya Listen I'm losin my life because of you! I lost my life because of you! I'm losin my wife because of you! I even had sex and a baby with the crazy bitch you introduced me to! Now I'm straight depressed, I hate your flesh But fate was just, belate to Tech, laid to rest Everytime you got drawers, you made my poor little life fall Nigga ya got balls - you ain't never had a partner like me REAL, I never ever sold ya pipe dreams Personal yes it might seem, nigga when you was burnin I went to get the doctor's side cleaned Looked out for ya health, and this is the respect I get? Hater, ya neck I'll slit, but I cain't cuz I'm attached to ya And I don't know why, sometimes I wish you would just die That would eliminate all this hurt Maybe I could get up outta all this dirt, ya caused me So strong, nothing could stop you, not even cerebral palsey I can't believe it; my best homie turned on me You musta forgot we grew up together I'm through, life is over now, there's nothin else to do Point the finger and blame it on you... [Tech + (sung)] (It's all because of you, you, you) I lost my girl, my world, is upside down because I found you wasn't shit (It's all because of you, you, you) Broke us in two, you untrue, don't know what to do, I'm talkin to you (who?)  my dick... {*chanting and thunder till fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Absolute Power Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*Tech ad libs something backwards*} [Tech N9ne] Aint no way you bout to stop this sickness From the deepest darkest part of Missouri Psycho alpha skitzo get ya chest, ya diggin me A-B-S-O-L-U-T-E P-O-W-E-R see me clownin Look at all you playa hatas frownin Raw, God said kill 'em all, Tech's backs to the wall  Fightin for my life and I'ma bust back 'til they fall And I ain;t even slangin them thangs I'm hollerin ONE-EIGHT-SEVEN if you trippin wit Strange I'm really real wit it, like my homie AJ say deal wit it Pushin and pullin fightin for the meal ticket In a minute I'ma do it like a villian  I'ma get 'em in the middle of a bomb Put 'em on the spot  Till the funk go pop and they'll never have other calm Tech Nizzle, when I'm fizzle this who be you Rollin wit Dave Trap, Violet Brown, and 3DQ, hootie hoo For those not knowin Missouli true I'ma tell you like the Swedish would say it, "Sig Min Kuk" [Hook] Absolute Power! That's the only way to roll Absolute Power! They love us everywhere we go Absolute Power! Tecca Nina's bout to blow Absolute Power, Absolute Power Absolute Power! That's the only way to roll Absolute Power! They love us everywhere we go Absolute Power! Tecca Nina's bout to blow Absolute Power, Absolute Power [Tech N9ne] I do HIP.. HOP.. and I mix it wit the HARD.. ROCK.. Cause I'm in this rhyming for climbing Tech N9ne he's unwinding the shining is blinding Greedy so we constantly grinding I been in the game 16 years makin rap tunes Raisin hella havoc up in the classroom Now in '02 you can watch me clownin and diamonds shining Watchin DVD's on the Hoshitoshi (It's all Jesus) Now I keep the crowds pumpin they jumpin Get back to the telly we rollin and stickin somethin Racin to the main line  Absolute Power is havin Halle Berry & Juliette Lewis at the same time OOO!, thats how Strange niggas run Listen to the villian wit a kinda sociated tongue (We're close to the end) but not done The Tech's just begin begun begining to begin to have FUN The curse is tryin to put me in the hearse But I will not tumble first things first  Talk a lot of shit and I cant take more Fuck Jay Ferus and everybody down wit him and fuck JCOR [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Thanks to Strange Muzik I'm comin And all my enemies they runnin Now all my hatas bummin cuzz I was summoned We Kansas City playas and we bout sold game We make it so Tecca Nina is a household name How many point you got, I got 50 Heres a question to the Cencorship Committee Whos the biggest gang of niggas in the city? My villians are gritty  Big Scoob, Texas, Will, Bakari, rest in piece Short Nitty Growl wit the evil ways, power what the people say  Rebel yellin we're felons and my pockets are swellin This beats from Berlin Germany Throwin up MizzIzzy so aint no other city concernin me I teach it and I speak very loosly  Stamina gunnin got playa hatas runnin profusely  Now I got the parents pissed and ready to noose me Cause they know that Absolute Power corrupts, ABSOLUTELY!! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Yada Yada Yada Typed by: Twista_x@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech talkin] Huh, My nigga Don Juan...damn I Been knowin you a long time nigga, heh We did a lot of shit together man On this music tip man  Beautiful shit we did dog Remember when we went out to L.A. man, wit Quincy man Made all that shit pop Yukmouth and everybody Dubb C and everybody Had a lot of good times dog Know what I'm sizzlin But that shits about to come to an end dog Ya know Never have I ever crossed anybody, y'all niggas know me The sands of time have already started to pour against you dog So listen hard Cuzz I'm speak real softly  Like this [Tech N9ne] Just think What if I could just, just blink ya shit away Niggas think  Because a nigga bust, I grips and grips to pay The pain grows in fame and kangos we're changin strange hoes Who bang in Range Roves for thangs same shows, wit lames The rains goes will stain and insane foes who drain  And hang rows wit brains If you brought it, that means you got it And if you brought, that means you should have shot it Cuzz I'm about to drop the ray and Nina  Locked to kill a liter Proped to meaner nigga I pop the millameter Demarco I'm bout to spark flow ya bark so hearts wit parts Gonna make ya heart blow (heart blow), blood And don't be was-in, cuzz-in me buggin me Bout dubbs I be musclin these clubs really lovin me It hurts my nigga the hurt my nigga But hurt my nigga is whats inspiring these spurts my nigga At first my nigga Used to be my homie, used to be my ace Yellin you gonna slap the taste out my mouth Nigga I never scare Savoir faires everywhere If you need me believe me its easy To put hoes in shock to tizzie Watch the wizzie These glocks'll talk fa shizzie [Hook: repeat 2X] Some say I should worry and watch where I walk Yada yada yada nigga, that's just talk I'm a friend, if I was a foe, I would be Kno-kno-kno-kno-kno-kno-kno-knockin at yo front door [Tech N9ne] Industry's faulty, idustry's salty (man) The industry cost me, industry brought me (pain) The industry taught me, industry caught me (strain) And you niggas know that the industry's awfully (vain) I ain't a snake nigga all I did is make niggas money Wit sonny now its funny, you playa hate niggas Over some cake the fake of a show me state nigga In my face will be Don Juan The Great to late nigga  I don't speak a lot I peep a lot I creep a lot  And people who speakin usually weak and out for peace and no beef a lot Remember we used to kick it like bros Now you niggas act like bitches and hoes Wit ya licorice souls  Tecca N9ne I got the wickedest flows  No kid in this MO, no mysery will ever get wit this Rouge I'm pissed in this hole  Little for side a crypt in his soul  Instead of a rap I should have twisted his nose Who kept Short Nitty from killin you (Me) Who kept Diamond from drillin you (Me) Whp kept villian niggas from bill dealin you (Me) So now you can take away me and keep on talkin crazy And I'ma let 'em know where you keep your baby And where you stay D [Hook] [Tech N9ne] You can't turn enough muthfackas against me You can't find a harder rapper that'll convince me I'm wit the Canties, the Ashbees, the White Bears La Zhunes, the Harris's, and the muthafuckin Timleys The theories, the buyers, the Kennedy's You know the families that are known to be bad for humanity Can he be bad, can he be tough, can he be rough No cream puff are considered to be rough enough Nobody likes you not even ya bitches I'm a witness They sick of yo disrespectful way of speakin explicit Always talkin about how big yo dick is Betta hope Anghellic go mutli-platinum to get yo riches, blood This is the end of men who were once friends and then One asshole thought he was somethin  When punks bend over they get FUCKED (get fucked) So hand over them Tech tapes or get STUCK (get stucked) You must think I'm soft for talkin to Icey Rock bout the Nina out I'm trippin without a doubt  I'm a tell you really is yo friend Mail Bakari and maybe you and him can get together And tell like it is again It's over man, I hope you brought your novacain I know the pain, is slowly takin over brain  So calm that mufuckin wombat I don't need no Don Juan tracks  To come bomb on rap [Hook] [Tech talkin] Thats what I'm speakin on dog thats real shit Nigga once said to me  Nigga walk around like his shit don't stink Gonna cut ya nose off and stick up ya ass so you can smell that shit man Ya know what I'm sizzlin Dog...you drew first blood man That was dog shit You know what I'm sizzlin That ain't no friend  Talkin bout knockin me out nigga Ya know what are we Yo [Tech N9ne] Dr. Dre here I come Timbaland here I come Neptunes here I come  Rik Rok here I come Alchemist here I come Sick Jack here I come Boscoe here I come Swizz Beats here I come Trackmasters here I come  Don Juan be done The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians Album: Absolute Power Song: Constantly Dirty Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Tech talking] Yeah man... Niggaz think it's all peaches and cream Shit's hard right now man, it's real shit.. Me and my road dogs man on this one We stay constantly dirty, grittin for our shit y'know what I'm sizzlin? [Chorus] - 2X Ain't nobody every gave me nothin, I'm on my own I was down and dirty when I was young but now I'm grown And I continue to struggle ya heard me Me and my niggaz in the course and we constantly dirty [Big Scoob] Ain't nobody ever gave me a thang in my lifetime So I'm on my own, standin strong, holdin chrome Disrespect my Villians, get 'em gone, early mo'n On the co'n, get my hustle on I stays dirty - chippin, choppin, flippin birdies I'm pushin' thirty, vision clear, I'm never blurry Plottin plans, strategic mission, I'm on my toes I stays with fam my mans, to shake these fuckin foes Lord knows all the different situations, trials and tribulations Aggrevations that a nigga's facin I get complacent that's my ass, I'm a memory They spillin liquor on the curb when they mention me But they're ain't no fear in me, get it how you live That's if you hearing me then dug down and dig Lace your boots man, prepare for the struggle Stay in them trenches, hella dirty, grit and hustle [Chorus] - 2X [Bakarii] Nigga... I got a pocket full of G's, I'm constantly servin My Nina knock him to his knees, I'm constantly dirty Super Villian, check my powers, I get the early worm Chop with choppers, lose the coppers with just a single turn True to life, through the mic, they got me tellin stories With the fame and the lights, I feed my territory Gutter livin with precision, them busters know they phony Flip my profit keep on rockin it for my dead homies They wanna follow my shadow and waddle in the mud It's the infallible cannibal with the dirty gloves "Absolute" with this "Power" they call me realistic Savage Bakarii still comin up off that fetal living Givin my life, to the night, on the dirty All my might, when it's right, then I strike on them early Twisted like livin dirty, super savage, I'm out to get that bread Gutter livin; that's my habit until I rest my head [Chorus] - 2X [T-Will] Which one of y'all can I holla at when it's time to pay rent? And who you think's gonna loan me money when my last bread is spent? I got an even shorter list of people to call on when I'm in a pinch So I might just walk around with my jaws clenched like The Grinch I'm, headed for trouble cuz I can't sit here and struggle How do I bubble if I don't get out and hustle? I'm in the wind put the spud on my muzzle Put on my hood, grab my gloves and my shovel Tie up my boots because the mud it gets thick And hit a lick so quick, they think I love this shit It's real life gutter livin, nigga comin straight from the brain Some handle the pressure and others break from the pain It's been fifteen other damnedest and ain't nothin changed but the weather Times' still gettin harder and niggaz can't stick together All through my teens, my twenties, even when I'm thirty T-Will'll be gritty, grimey, constantly dirty... [Chorus] - 2X [Tech N9ne] Yo! Ain't nobody gave me nothin but God He gave me talent, these civilians perpetrating the fraud That point is valid, got niggaz sayin they made me The only thing that was made was music cuz nobody ever properly paid me Don't get it twisted, that little money was appreciated It got me out there again, glad that's alleviated But the nigga that say I didn't have a followin before Mitchell Bade hit the streets must be inebriated Soon as Mitch hit, it hit! Because we some talented motherfuckers but they still talk shit Keep that shit low black - that shit be getttin back to a nigga that will fight for you at the drop of a hat I tried to tell 'em, let me do this here They talkin like they don't want Nina gettin through this year I'm still strugglin hard, how can niggaz disregard? I'm thirty! Watch what you say when you speak to little birdies I'm constantly dirty... [Chorus] - 2X Constantly dirty.. constantly dirty.. [4x] [Chorus] - 1X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Calico Album: Absolute Power Song: I'm a Playa Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist Man: 1971 Aaron D. Yates was born Woman: 1985 Aaron wrote his first rhyme Man: 1988 Aaron adopts the name Tech N9ne Woman: 1990 Tech N9ne changed his producer Isty Rock Craven?? Man: 1997 Tech signs with Quest records Woman: 1999 Tech is released from the label Man: 2002 Tech and Strange Music teams with Embasy Entertainment and records.. [Tech N9ne] Mothafucka I'm a playa {*18X*} I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa Oh oh oh I'm a playa (Ya, Tecca Nina is a playa) [Tech N9ne] If you see me lookin clean cut Matchin from head to toe dippin with a mean strut Throwin and blowin green stuff Hella creamed up with the bling cuff Ain't no wicked we can kick it if you blue or beamed up If you see me step off in the clubber with some pros With about six of em cut no longer waitin to be chosen If you hear me tell my homies anything goes With these chickens dippin to Davy's right when the clubber close If you see me on the grind gettin mine If you bust in a room and find me hittin yours from behind If you hear me bustin rhymes, rippin each and every time If I got it at capacity and you still got a line If I'm rollin on dubs, if it's K-town bud If they showin me love with a red rug at the club If you see them haters givin me mugs Ladies givin me hugs Know it aint no rocket science it's because [Chorus] 2x I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa Oh oh oh I'm a playa (Ya, Tecca Nina is a playa) [Tech N9ne] I'm a playa in every sense of the word ya heard I'm gettin money from these dummies flip your chick so absurd I'm a playa and I pop collars I'm a playa when I don't or when I drop dollars Them rottweilers She don't want no softie sayin he do when he don't She don't want no perpetratin nine-to-fiver tryin to flaunt She don't want no punk that can't get it crunk No she don't That's how it goes so my homie Calico, tell em what she want [Calico] She want a playa not thugs on dubs We be rollin them 22's and 3's Poppin ludes and V's I'm in hot pursuit of a prostitute Calico knock boots gots lots to shoot And I'm pullin out the latex And givin it to who's next I'm pullin, pull a brunette With unforgettable sex She's oohin oohin new sweat And I ain't tellin who's wet And I ain't gettin loose yet So who's next For group sex [Chorus] 2x I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa Oh oh oh I'm a playa [Tech N9ne] (Listen closely, this is somethin you might not know) Never ever tell your love or else she'll get your love Move in groups, no one on one when you hit the club And you should know this if you call yourself a wicked thug If you creep to the movies, throw away your ticket stub If you sexin, learn this lesson when you wash off Just use hot water, don't put no soap on your washcloth That way when you get home No questions, you won't leave her bent Don't be a dope and use the soap cause it will leave a scent Don't tell a number 2 that she's your one and only Cause if she knows we're easy to go her own way If you takin chickens to your secret home, hey Always go the back way to confuse em just go the long way To all my ladies if you playin throw your hands up To all my fellas if you playin throw your grands up This is forever baby havin clever thangs I'm a playa mothafucka and I bet I never change [Chorus] 4x I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa, I'm a playa, I'm a playa Oh oh oh I'm a playa (Ya, Tecca Nina is a playa) [Chorus] Slowly I'm a playa, I'm a playa (I'm a playa!) I'm a playa, I'm a playa (No stoppin me!) I'm a playa, I'm a playa I'm a playa! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Victory (Bonus Track) Typed by: Fresh442@Gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist All hail to the N9NE!! You punks thought it was over for me? I should prevail a institation All of the high exalted punks TechN9neee! Move something Do something Scream something AIGHHHTT Cruelsome Gruesome Hoodlums I... V-I-C-T-O-R-Y I'm still climbin Niggaz be rhyming While they gain lip with me So you can keep hatin Now they want me makin Swimming in Victory [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Yo yo They thought it was over But I gots to bust Call them foes Stealing flows That they got from us What We coming through your city with lots of lust Get the dough get ya hoes then we knock them up and cut Still clowning Jealousy be frowning Keep in the street pounding Haters that be downing Y'all Keep houndin Looking for new sounds That nina done put down Well hey baby you found em We "Victors" Invested in big Wars We coming to get yours We hit till it get sore We spit Acrobatical Never simple schematical Vivid liquid compatible Shrooms X's and Aderals Thought Anghellic wouldn't make it We take it Every time we get your girly butt naked Real melons Still Heaven Still Hellen Still bellin through the city With them class ain't felons At that bar with it The fans know it how we are with it Carobulou with a Church Hill cigar with it Don't never far get it Woman getting targeted Six hundred cars with it Tech is coming hard with it [Chorus 2x] I'm still climbin Niggaz be rhyming While they gain lip with me So you can keep hating Now they wanna make it Swimming in Victory [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] All I wanna see is broads with us Strange hella odd niggaz Roll with them hard Hitters That would mob with us So god get us Player haters that squab with us They bob with us Cause the Techa-Nina is bizarre lecture I'm A (WHAT?!) Party And a Muhani And a punani cannibal Can nobody calm me The killa Dahni is a Zombie and Ho Ladies on the dance floor Let yo homey make you touch your toes Skip them foes Strike a pose Hot as hell Grab your chicken head by the tail A lot of tail Can generate you a lot of mail I'm the victorious You the big time Ya gal took my lizard and licked him And my twins she kissed 'em (MUAHH) So tell me how this Tune sounds You love it so never tune the Boom down You never thought we be some scholars With shrooms round Mexican woman And now we ballers And poon hounds [Chorus 2x] I'm still climbing Niggaz be rhyming While they gain lip with me So you can keep hatin Now they want me makin Swimming in Victory [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Haha Yo Thats why your mama got a big 'ol butt ( OH YEAH ) And your sister got a big 'ol butt ( OH YEAH ) Says your mama and your sister had a big 'ol butt To help the nina bust a big 'ol nut ( OH YEAH ) I'm the King (king) Niggaz that know it Thats why they want me in the Ring (ring) Hoping I blow up but I love the cream (cream) Is what I mean (mean) No matter what kind of lyrics you like Tech N9ne fans don't want to hear it tonight All hail to my jail homies Cameron, Moberly, Boomville You can bet we soon will Bump head A wise man once said Everybody want go heaven But nobody want dead Numb heads If they diss the Vette Break the mother fuckers down if they disrespect The Tech This is Victory cause I gets the check I leave you player haters glistening wet PUNK BITCH [Chorus 4x] I'm still climbin Niggaz be rhyming While they gain lip with me So you can keep hatin Now they want me makin Swimming in Victory The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power Song: Freaky Lil' Things Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Hook: Krizz Kaliko) (2X) I've been around the world I ya  Freak so many girls I ya  The women I done seen I ya  Some freaky little things I ya (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Yo, ya bet to know I gotta Flex a flow about a  Sexy ho I gotta Let ya know about her Me next to go inside her I repped the mo beside her We did it show at Granada Sexy dark chocolate I think her name was Aua Young Scholler Halleljah What I got to do to get inside the coller So I took her back to the mo She rode it like a pony She was O.G.  Young chick it was better than it was supposed to be Was a Mexican and Italian chick named Mexital Marie For a minute she wondered about the chance she gets to wild wit me  I'm ridin' with her and she had an enormous fart box So we pulled over and I fucked it doggy style in the automatic car wash  Later that date she took me to see bait  She bought a nacho plate  But only Tech N9ne got ate  The cerebellum was great then she sat on top of the snake I didn't even see bait so with my other bitch I had to skate I got contex Plus I got bomb ex So after Grant then it's Kutt and baby I'm next  So we can triple team up and fuck your spleen up  Between us get 3 nuts then you can beam up  Now ya sexual peak is met so don't fret When I call you up and say what's happening baby it's Tech  I'm callin' to see if you down for heated sex So we can flex and you can lick the barcode on my neck  (Hook) (Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun) Yo, yo she was a black gold, center fold classic Chirped to Mack mode, that ass kept asking  Provalaks and a double stack bag of exstacy It's on now exactly (fiesta)  I blasted (fo-eva) Another mate I can check on chess was best for less dimeanor  A record exec for Techa Nina Like a man wit no arms But she let Kutty plow the peach sorta like horses do farms  A true charms tale  Addicted wasn't supposed to see the booty but I lucked up and Dave Weiner gave Kutt a thumbs up (keep it real) From L-A-X to sunset Trunks get the donks wet Beyonks let Outta towners hunt sex for contest Rican and black urinary freak in the sack (ol' what's her name) Janelle used to let me skeet on her back end at the Grafton Down to the Best Western Let's turn this camcorder on time for some action (Hook) (Verse 3: Grant Rice) She was a supermodel I met her in Miami A video girl worl was candy And she said i'm sour on the outside but sweet between the legs A freak talked about what got her body hot Like lokkipops and sheets I replied like ma I'm diabetic so i'm allergic to sweets We continued politicing bout if I got a chicken  And her favorite way of all positions I listen to her talk Mesmerized by her eyes and the glide in her walk She was sent by Satan himself Temptations prayin' for help But couldn't help it still Found help in two shots and a pop of a pill We peeled on our way Blue Fountain room 318 Close the windows and le me sin blow Like a whirl wind smoked and joked about each others girlfriends And it's still a secret mi amor forever ima keep this behind closed doors  (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power (Bonus DVD) Song: Runaway Typed by: Tha_Realest@cox.net [Tech N9ne] Yo, wassup baby? How you been? It's been a long time since I talked to you last I got a question, you still with homeboy? Y'know homeboy don't matter to me I'm interested in you baby We can creep Y'know what I'm sizzlin'? Just think about it baby, I'm tryin' to get with you for real [Chorus] - 2x Might be some fun to runaway This game is one I wanna play I'm done, he's gone and run astray No fun, the sun has gone away [Tech N9ne] Wassup? This ya boy Tech Nina It's good to hear ya, but it's been a minute since I seen ya Fox demeanor Gots to dream ya Cause you stay blocked and locked with hops between ya I know you got a man I know you got a little on the side But I was thinkin if you down for creepin then we can slide You's a hot one And you look like you need a top notch one Ya boy couldn't win it with Johnny Cochran I know he with you when it's cool But I'm still tryin to get you to cruise That ill behind and your lips and your boobs Come get with a fool We can take any trip that you choose Forget that your dude is waitin while you twistin in the nude with this Boss villian ghetto true mafia Feel you from here to Czechoslovakia What's stoppin ya? I need it and I don't think that I can deal without it Strictly being real baby tell me what you feel about it [Chorus] - 2x Might be some fun to runaway This game is one I wanna play I'm done, he's gone and run astray No fun, the sun has gone away [Tech N9ne] I know you got time with dude and I'm new But I'mma true and I'm tryin to get into you I know he probably give you big love But I don't trip cause Dude's cool, I met him at the strip club Ya he's good for you He keeps you grounded While I pound it Soft and wet is how it sounded Leave you astounded From the tongue dancin around it That's the angle Search for an angel and then I found it Right between those eyes baby I know it gets heated at home But your homie Tech Nizzle can hear your cries baby I know it's hell, I put out fires with this Got him cussin on your pager and slittin tires and shit You don't need that You need positive feedback Lift you're skirt up and throw you on the counter and eat that L-E-G's back Pull it out and I tease that We release that Have us a drink and repeat that What you think? [Chorus] - 2x Might be some fun to runaway This game is one I wanna play I'm done, he's gone and run astray No fun, the sun has gone away [Tech N9ne] Yo, yo, check I need a hardcore chick who can chill On the rap side Love, money, and keep her scratch-tied So when your homeboy don't act right Just remember my face is a permanent sittin spot for your backside I'm just tryin to kick it Make up your mind you want N9ne to stick it I'm diggin you because you fine and wicked Don't want to miss it I'm psycho sick wit it Dig it I slop you like a biscuit and I'll hop ya like a cricket This is a - decent proposal don't ever hate on it When I see somethin I want baby I'm never late on it You ain't gotta answer now you can merinate on it But before I go I got to throw this serenade on it It goes When it rains and when it thunders If he treat you like a cheap and he runaway from ya You can call me on the under When you need someone to run to just dial my number [Chorus] - 2x Might be some fun to runaway This game is one I wanna play I'm done, he's gone and run astray No fun, the sun has gone away [Tech N9ne] So what you think baby? You think you can do this? You think you got the borders to do this with me? (Hehehe...) You know you're thinkin about it I know you're thinkin about it I see how you look at me You and me exchangin looks over his shoulder at the restaurant, remember that? (Heh) Ya, I know you remember that Just creep with me baby, it's cool We can kick it, y'know what I'm sayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artis: Tech N9ne Album: Absolute Power (Bonus DVD) Song: The Grinch Typed by: Ryanr1_USA@msn.com Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, HOOOOO! I hate you Can't stand you Despise you Detest you Look away from me when you see me Never look into my eyes Your infection crowds my daily So this can't be paradise When you walk don't come my way And don't dare honk at me when you drive I'm The Grinch I smell your stinch And it is you I so despise [Tech N9ne] I can't stand yo persona, the drama, yo marijuana, or yo momma I really despise yo ama so comma I disapo who you honor I see what you people can offer I wonder what mommy taught ya If it was up to me the G I wanna sought ya, caught ya, and then offed ya I hate what you become Hate you have your freedom Hate watchin your reruns Hate givin you refunds I call em how I see em When I see scum I free from The legions Cerebrum I see none See your just really dumb Hate seein your whores Hate cleanin your floors Hate doin your chores Won't be in your awards Funk being your whore Hunks being of course You punks being endorsed Chumps being assured Dumped being divorced To test you like a sickness I bet you'd like to lick this From Texas right to Memphis Built with ex dykes and glimpses Of everything I hate It would be great For you to skate Off in a lake A beautiful fate I hope nobody is at yo wake Look away from me when you see me Never look into my eyes Your infection crowds my daily So this can't be paradise When you walk don't come my way And don't dare honk at me when you drive I'm The Grinch I smell your stinch And it is you I so despise [Tech N9ne] We're livin in the cold age Road rage Dark no Sole No way Jose Cuearvo There goes yo day Every scare Everywhere Knows bogay This life is too soft Haters more true talk I hate the way that you cough Hate you when you blew off You coofa Your crueler So cool off If we were arm and arm in handcuffs my arm I would rather chew off So many reasons why I can't stand you The man who's scam is to ban you Cram you in the can underland in Grand View Damn you if you stand near my fam I slam you Sammain Champaign your family and you I'm a monster when it comes to you Conquer every one of you Trade tours Paid for Your neighbor Cause they whores Pray for Decor Cause your state will create race wars Look away from me when you see me Never look into my eyes Your infection crowds my daily So this can't be paradise When you walk don't come my way And don't dare honk at me when you drive I'm The Grinch I smell your stinch And it is you I so despise [Tech N9ne] I hate you when you destroy buildings And kill millions Of children From black white Chinese Cicilian I thrill When you feel sin Dealin drugs to billions Awaiting your death Miserable until then I wanna put my Rebox And get on top of his esophagus And watch the Appocolypse drop him in Necropolis Never was menogamus Doggin is Your botherin all of us Gotta get loose from those to ex to soddomus I hate what you stand for Hate all your scandals When your life's baned for I will not burn a candle The way you live is not easy to handle You vandals toss 666 in your blood sample Yo The world is very different now No more hugs Just shrugs And Crips and Bloods And drugs Not see show no love Never we be equal My name is The Grinch This song is dedicated to the evil people [Chorus] - 2x Look away from me when you see me Never look into my eyes Your infection crowds my daily So this can't be paradise When you walk don't come my way And don't dare honk at me when you drive I'm The Grinch I smell your stinch And it is you I so despise The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready: The Religion Song: Riot Maker Typed by: Link10JK@aol.com [Tech N9ne] This song is dedicated to Brian B'zl Dennis and all of the 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians Real Riot Makers. This one right here's for the Riot Makers! The moshers! The stompers! The jail breakers! We gon start this shit off right! We got KCMO in the house tonight! We gon start this shit off right! (Off right!) We got Tecca Nina in the house tonight! (Come on!) This is the moment for riders and thugs Strippers in body bags, empassin violence and drugs Poverty, a bunch of minorities die in the clubs They say my music's makin 'em lose it, I write it in blood This is my music for all my people missin my music Keep listenin to it, and like I said, get a pistol and use it Satan shot my homie Maintain with a missile and blew it for the industry, cuz he was one of the truest.. I don't know why they keep pumpin it's somethin Maybe in the music they wanna be bumpin it's crunk and it's hella haterific Throw your set up in the air is all the DJs really wanna play when October is lookin bloody and Satanistic Killas from everywhere listen to me when I be bustin shit then turbulence, don't get nervous when I wreck arenas Concert promoters in Honolulu don't wanna see me cuz they say that Somoans will riot on Tecca Nina cuz I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! That's if you don't know... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! They mosh at my shows... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! And I come out bustin... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! RIOT MAKER! I don't give a damn about nuthin! I'm a sly dranker... I'm a skyscraper.. Riot maker Hop in a mosh pit fa sho! You push, you shove, you get elbowed! Back on cuz this for Fat Tone and Mac Dre all of the soldiers who got gone on that day All my people's thats sittin in prison this is for you so wont you listen to the shit that I'm spittin? Fuck the law and the government they'll hymn yo ass up They'll do everything in their power to get a fast buck No right or wrongs, just killer bees out for your honeycomb But you'll find out, when you bind out, you can be free if your money long Ever been to one of my shows? Yeah, it might be crazy In Ohio, that shit got a little too hyphy, baby Stage diving and crowd surfing couldn't hold back But they dropped her, now she's unconscious with her skull cracked Now when this happened, it wasn't even during my set They wanted me to give a sign to post up the hospital debt When Travis told me we got papers, I thought he was playin.. This bitch is suin Tecca Nina for a hundred grand! Cuz I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! That's if you don't know... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! They mosh at my shows... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! And I come out bustin... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! RIOT MAKER! I don't give a damn about nuthin! I'm a sly dranker... I'm a skyscraper.. Riot maker Stand back if you frightened! Yeah! Get back cuz we fightin! I'm a skyscraper.. That's why everybody in my path is trynna get a little piece of my paper Man I swear, the Nina will never love them, plug them when I'm rollin with Skatterman and Snug Brim! [Skatterman] It's Skatterman, cat, Strange Music's black sheep. (Why?) Cuz I'm still countin money off the back streets Every city, every show, I got to pack heat This ain't no fucking rap song, check my rap sheet I'm one of a kind, turn one into nine Blow your head of your shoulders, dog, it's nothin but time And I never raise my voice. You a bum, why should I holler on you? With a whisper I can drop a couple dollars on you Sss..sss... sick them rottweilers on you Killers bustin out the windows of Impalas on you A made man in the streets, I made grams Wrote lyrics about my life, dropped an album, and made fans Now I'm chillin on tour with the redhead wonder Do 57 shows in a three month summer Any deuce bitch ass nigga fuckin with Tech gonna be found in some park with his nuts in his neck [Snug Brim] Like you ain't know, we put it down like this Snug Brim, Kansas City, Missouri, uzi,groupies,doobies, and fins Suzy Qs ain't no excuse for the sin So watch your tongue, if you movin we come to shootin up at you and your bitch You just assume you tried the shoes, they ain't fit You never knew that I lose you off in the section with your dude in the ditch Whether it's reppin dog, or movin them bricks I keep it gutta little homie, look my records, see I'm doin it big As you can tell I ain't no regular nigga... I'm filled with star qualities I hang out with bitches thats naked... and watch the bra swallow me It's always solo, you can't fake it.. so don't try ta follow me You still can't get back up on your feet... You right back where you ought to be I see you failin cuz Strange Music got it locked boy Invest yo stock boy, Kansas City hot boy It's really fuck a hata, some some weed, get ya papa You can see me now or later, muthafuckin Riot Maker. Cuz I'm a [Tech N9ne] RIOT MAKER! That's if you don't know... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! They mosh at my shows... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! And I come out bustin... I'm a.. RIOT MAKER! RIOT MAKER! I don't give a damn about nuthin! I'm a sly dranker... I'm a skyscraper.. Riot maker We will... shut this muthafucka down We will... tear up your muthafuckin town! Since 1985... Six, six, triple eight, forty six, ninety nine, three.. Welcome... to Everready.. Enjoy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Krizz Kalico Album: Everready: The Religion Song: No Can Do Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro] Welcome to everready Welcome to everready Welcome to everready [Tech N9ne] The Religion! First thing I wanna say is (what!) Y'all can't fuck wit us Y'all can't fuck wit us [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] It's the one With a name of a gun Look at me mamma what I become It's a, monsta, gangsta, fast But I want to, thank ya for the last Thirty-three Becuase everybodys heard of me And if they say that I'm fakin' mama it's perjury Cause your son comes with thunda now That's why they wonder why we headline when I'm underground In this mainstream game My gang brings pain, to cowards Said I'm done Calli give me the power Come on wit it (HAA!) You industry punks I hope you fakes die Cuase most of rappers have a queer eye for the straight guy Was that shit loud enough to hear Loud enough to eco throguh the city and bust your ears Patrick tried to sue us for a whole lot of bucks this year Sell crazy somewhere else trick (We're all stocked up here) Hey! I think I wanna say it again, y'all Y'all can't fuck wit us [Hook: Tech N9ne & Big Krizz Kalico] Y'all can't fuck wit us No can do Y'all can't fuck wit us No can do Y'all can't fuck wit us No can do Y'all can't fuck wit us Can't fuck wit us Can't fuck wit us Can't fuck wit us [Bridge: Tech N9ne] Yo! Big Krizz Kalico Tell 'em, y'all can't fuck wit us Y'all can't fuck wit us [Verse 2: Big Krizz Kalico] Fuck niggaz that got it in for me But then the crowd's still got it's energy Now, fool is fixin'a be crowned Through with foolin' around Which is two hands and both thumbs down bitches For the Bianca's and Beatrice's The Beatrice's is miraculous You don't want to go on after us (No) This is a slip of ridiculous Cant get with us flows Actually a bit of babblin' liftin your soul up We all grown up And when we blown up Don't get to frontin' I'll get you country boys nuttin' You can cut us to thirty we stay on for an hour Cause them heads boppin' in the crowd's ours (ABSOLUTE POWER!) Main thing is taking over this mainstream The game seems like they been waiting for a new A team Ask Busta Rhymes, he said that nobody had the gift like him and Spliff But me and Tech N9ne, well y'all ain't fucking with [Hook] [Bridge 2: Tech N9ne] This beat make me wanna say hallelujah (HAHAHA) Yo but instead I'ma say (what!) Y'all can't fuck with us Y'all can't fuck with us [Verse 3: Big Krizz Kalico] Okay this the benediction (Now we got y'all listenin'!) Just a fraction of friction From the act you was missin' If you would actually listen You'd see whose ass you be kissin' (MUWHA) You're dealin' with one hell of a fella ya see I'm anghellic but devils bring out the devil in me I might pull the bullet so cover you see A goody, goody get hoody less for messin' with me [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] This is my testament Tecca Nina been pressed against war Simply done best to get next to it so I represent all Grab your breast to this havin' sex next so pop your crystal Crock ya legs a bit rock ya bed drop them DRAWERS Tis to men to The one you wan to take a stand to You chumps in trouble we bout to bubble like shampoo You might try but you can't do what Aaron and Sam do You tryin' to ban who No can do [Tech N9ne] It's a celebration bitches put your hands up ya Y'all can't fuck with us! [Hook] [Tech N9ne] It's not that y'all wack that got it so bad It's that y'all pissed cuase we got it so good Welcome to Tech world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Krizz Kaliko Album: Everready: The Religion Song: Welcome to the Midwest Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Intro] Welcome to the place to be The middle of all controversy West end of the Mississippi Wel-come to the mid-west [Tech N9ne] Pistol packin' and money mackin' Rappin' up out the city where killaz keep it crackin' Too dark and gritty, back in the dizzy Jackin' was happenin' Gafflin' many cacklin' Now we packagin' crack and the addicts will POP Kansas City, Missouri To the fury of the inner city Poverty stricken, novelty spittin' Follow me quick into the bottom We gotta be thizzin' No frickin apology given You trippin', we lick a SHOT Get ready to brawl, hometown Breakin' a jawbone clown You and a criminal killa Be ready to get a ??? on now Look at the darkside Fulla the gangbangin' Hookers wit' choppas And the coppaz they keep them thangs rangin' You ain't gotta be killa gangsta to know That you can die tryna hide side thangs for the dough After the club, get to skippin' 'cause they trippin' off in the MO [Hook] It doesn't really matter where you go Where you've been Beautiful foreign lands you've been in Gun play reigns Sun ray shine Stay inside you should be fine I'll show you, follow me Wel-come to the mid-west [Big Krizz Kaliko] It's a city where anybody can 'cause you bodily harm When you walk in my city hardly armed Hardly safe to show your face Apes will erase you and let the blades graze you for the paper Nowhere to hide on either side of the water For gucci and prada Krizz and the millimeter will follow ya Holler and scream, it won't get you a thing So get you a thing, load it up wit' hollow ones Slide 'em up like a hollogen Look at the crime rate No wonder why I hate Niggaz keep it peepin' I'm seekin' for when you leavin' I'm keepin' my thang And take 'em away if it ain't in the day Hurry get ya people up outta the K The Mid (west) is more than just a little chaotic And if we ain't got it we plottin' 'em to rob 'em for they checks That be the nature of the beast To keep the peace I keep my piece when you in the midwest [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Hands up, if you wit' it stand up If ya get it Midwest, we admit it we the shyza Stand tough, we can get it manned up When you visit, big stress hella when you recognize us Hands up, it you wit' it stand up If ya get it Midwest, we admit it we the shyza Stand tough, we can get it manned up When you visit (wel-come to the mid-west) [Tech N9ne] If you trippin' we givin' you a labatomy Cannibal, you hannibal can't amount to my psychology [Big Krizz Kaliko] And poppin' me better be the way you thinkin' of stoppin' me Get on top of me quick forramic what I got on me click [Tech N9ne] Money, the mackin' and murder is all that we know Whether sunny or black in the dirt I'ma gather my dough [Big Krizz Kaliko] If you hustlin' maybe the place you can get it for low Get your package and get the pack And golly get it and go [Tech N9ne] Never walk in my city when alone better draw down [Big Krizz Kaliko] Keep them babies out the way Catch a stray in the K-Town [Tech N9ne] Boss in my city Never crawl, never fall down [Big Krizz Kaliko] Me and Millimeter spray in your way and you better lay down [Tech N9ne] Gangstas, mobstas, everybody know [Tech N9ne and Big Krizz Kaliko] 'Cause in a town ya wanna clown around at the show [Tech N9ne] Packin' millis 'cause everybody silly So get ready to hit the flo' [Hook: 2x] [Outro] I'll show you follow me..... Wel-come to the mid-west! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Bout Ta' Bubble Typed by: AlexApprobation@aol.com Dedicated to all the DJ's all over the world, man (One for the treble, two for the bass Come on Techa Nina, let's rock this place) Tech's in the place, everybody get main-ee Punks betta cuff yo' lady, can't nobody tame me Blame me. For keepin' her runny eyed rainy Ladies used to hate me, now they comin' out they pay-nees Girls on the jock (check), pocket full of socks (check) Got fat knots (check), somethin' gone squat (yeah) Down, puttin' it down, down for the block? Tryin' to be hot, but you flop When you shot to the top but you not... DAMN!!! I ain't never seen so much green Than when I seen when my team hit the scene It must be a dream. Hit the stage, everybody holla Gettin' throwed, stripper shows throw away a dolla Father, I don't want to leave nobody too blessed Cause they greedy in the middle of what I do best You fixin' to see me in the TV with a few guest We bout to bubble baby, get ya waterproof vest [Hook] Bout ta' Bubble [6x] Bout ta' Bubble, Baby [3x] We got'cha lady We drinkin' and smokin' and humpin' and likin' it [2x] Yo, get ya ID, passport, state skippin All around the world, busy with the bass hittin' We ain't come for bustin' heads, yea we hate trippin' When we through rockin' the shows, man we chase kittens J's on my feet, car full of beat Trunk full of heat, Caribou in the seat Frown, you can make a song. Clown in the street Gimme the beat and we leakin' No mercy for the haters that weep On to the next, Minnesota to the Netherlands Veterans, caravans, gettin' chedder, man Round the world in a day, off in LA Oklahoma, Dallas, Kansas City to the Bay Everybody hifey, the South really like me Ill Bill got it where the East Coast invite me Tech's in the air when the mood really strikes me Hey, we bout to bubble, so imbedded in your psyche [Hook] Hey, B-boys hit the flo' wit it Off in Jamaica let me see ya heel toe wit it Clown and crunk wit it, A-Town stomp wit it At the set, jugglettes make they double D's jump to this House on the hill (check), hella tip drills (check) Paul Wall said he'd do me up a red grill (yeah) Busta Bus circlin' the 5-6 'ville (yes) Forty water, he told me a lot in this business for real Stormin'. In Salt Lake City performin' for Mormans Out of they garments before the mornin', I'm charmin' Leavin' 'em torn, mess with the bull you get the horns Nina gets with a beauty best, it's armin' Misery's behind me, labels tryin' to sign me Ain't too many who don't know just who the Tech N9ne be Is she lookin' for somethin' with a future so shiny? Kansas City, Missouri is where she gone find me [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: It's What You Thinkin' Typed by: AlexApprobation@aol.com [Tech N9ne Spoken] Te gon' make 'em slither dance to this one Zilla [Verse 1] Errybody jus' (throw your hands up what) All the ladies jus (throw your legs up what) All the fellas just (throw your cups up) And toast to the homeboy that off in yo' girls guts, what? Say man she said she broke up with you last week Now you trippin' cause your chicken went out and passed cheeks And got a fast leak, from Tecca Nina Katrina Now she right up in mi cocino while your ass sleeps How'd I take her from you? Oh, it twern't nuttin' It's because your girly girly know I earn somethin' Now I got them legs over my shoulders Holdin' my soldier, swollen, I can't hold my composure And when I come to town, your woman come around And plenty fun is found when I give her some of the clown The Kansas City style got her yellin "jus gimme now" You don't wanna hear the sound cause I'm doin' bout 20 rounds [Chorus x2] If your girl's at a Tech show (it's what you thinkin') Feel like she let go (it's what you thinkin') You never get no (it's what you thinkin') (it's what you thinkin') (it's what you thinkin') [Verse 2] She know you barely make it, we got crazy cash On the movie set, me and my homie Baby Bash Got your girl waitin' to get her world shakin' At the Grand American givin' your girl spankin's Cause she's a bad gal, she said she need a release So she greeted with beast now she's no longer sad now I'm with your wifey Cause she say I make her feel wanted and by the way she never met nobody like me At the Graft'n and laugh makin' her stare at these Cutty Cal Grese Chris havin' the paracleese Got your hottie naughty when she drinkin' them Cara B's At Kidd Rock's and I'm off in a booth with Tara Read Tecca Nina is not a coward, I'll jump in the shower And bumpity bumb that rock girl if you doubt us Ask freaky Adina Howard about it She know we Scorpios lovin' to hit it for hours [Chorus x2] If your girl's at a Tech show (it's what you thinkin') Feel like she let go (it's what you thinkin)' You never get no [x3] (it's what you thinkin') [Verse 3] I see you mad at me, but my nads happy Cause you loosin' and now you wanna take a stab at me She hangin' wit me cause you foul nigga And I'm at the four seasons takin' her to eat Tao nigga That's T.A.O when I see a hoe She's hooked when I let the instant replay go She's bare now everyone's there throwin' wood at it Man this music's so unfair if you good at it Come with us women its so fun with us under the sun with us From dawn til' dusk im'ma give her the love that make her wanna say hummdawala Praisin' this craziness in Vegas when I get up on the stage it's outrageous Mandaly Bay with the right ages everybody gets laid to this I apologize if your heart broken Keep a spark smokin' once the Ninna starts scopin' She'll lie to you and won't blink When it come to Tecca Ninna bein' wit your lady don't think (don't think!)! [Chorus X2] If your girl's at a Tech show (it's what you thinkin') Feel like she let go (it's what you thinkin') You never get no [x3] (it's what you thinkin') [Tech N9ne Spoken] Ha ha it's what you though dawg your chicks wit us Tech N9ne, Kalikeezy, Young Green why you keep doin' it to yourself dawg Her jaws are full, get back, she'll holla tomorrow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Night and Day Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Night And Day eheheh Tech N9ne, Baby [Tech N9ne] Other rap is out commission to the mouth they 'bout to listen do it up Reroute conditions make you bounce without permission Check it out we 'about to glisten bring 'em out we scout them chickens We don't need no strife in this cause life's a bitch never doubt we thizzlin' Better triple lock your vixens cause I make them rock with diction Let go inhibitions & hittin' this one with all the fixins So put the knife away party your life away Hardly evil cause we the party people night and day [Chorus: repeat 2X] Night and day (we we we what?) Party palet Party hardy hardy hardy hardy hardy hardy hardy [Tech N9ne} Life's a bianca, so me and Cali create the Funkra Don't interput me during me mantra Hunts for party chicks in Shreelanca Past them hookers with fat ass like Ashton Kutcher we punk'd ya Dash to liquor sto past me no Michelob bastard Half on the Henndo & Captain wit it cause we masters Heineken bottles behind a thin model with collagen Kind in Colorado benign like rollo she swallowin' Tarantula with fruit punch vodka and cranberry sara cara terra bou lou so I can stand barely Yeager bombs Goldenschlager or you can feel the pain of Cuervo Silver Patron Tequila, Dos Equis Corona Sapporo Give me the Pies Porter Goldstofchen out of the bottle Gobble the Malibu baby I don't mean to startle you We do what we gotta do to get the party inside of you [Tech N9ne] I hit the party with 50 niggas we blood hounds We come to kick it with bianca's and tear the club down If these hataz trippin' cause their women love clowns At the back of the club stickin' she making love sounds Have women and we'll travel she will straddle Saddle up bitches cause this is a real battle I'm loving to palet rock & roll even Sade Playin' when layin' having our nasty little swaray Party like it's your last day to get your last say Take the pathway to ecstasy hit you the fast way get so drunk I might Just have to crawl to night I'm 'bout to rock it shake it rip it up and ball tonight EEYAH Take a look off in my eyes I come with no disguise I'm the hand up Mona Lisa's skirt Imma big surprise Gotta party right away we can hit your hide away KCMO is just a flight away - Night and Day [Outro:Tech N9ne] Yeah When it comes to partying Strange Music, we the best (the best) eheh We party all day all night, baby Tech N9ne Tip you bartenders, PUNKS Drink till your drunk With Tech N9ne We the party people night and day Living crazy is the only way Night and Day The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ E-40 Album: Everready: The Religion/25 to Life (Video Game) Song: Jellysickle Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro: Tech N9ne] Hey All you haters stop! Whew! Man This beat is uh (what?) Rick Rocker! T-9 E-40 Jellysickle, yo [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] They hate it when you bubble See 'em in they huddles always making trouble (What? Who?) Jealous fellas man Fall up in the spot and from the jump they don't like me Hat to the back and I'm fellin' real hyphy Imma star so im in with the belly pistol That's cause the haters be sucking on jelly sickles That mean the cycle of jealousies real thick man I'm feeling its bout to pop off real quick man But I ain't trying to have the fedas come and pinch me Cause he's plotting on my cheddar on my minske Never tempt me the grench so you better never let another nell nother fella come against me Off in Missouri its jelly sickle city jealousy watching and it ain't the right stare, nightmares Don't let me go and rock the red spiked hair They hate it when I do that right there (Right Thurr!) Yeah [Hook] Take a lick of this (Jelly sickle sickness) To much will make you sick (You acting like a trick bitch) Take a lick of this (Jelly sickle sickness) Jelly sickle sickness (Stop acting like a trick bitch) [Verse 2: E-40] Quit bumping your gums park your tongue keep a real pimp game up out your mouth If I get on your line and dump two on your spine like it a 80's drought I'm about that Valley Jo Po Po be throwing tantrums Cause I live up on a hill with a view on a acre in a big white who white mansion I be all up in the dirty Where they cook them fried turkeys Be up in Houston with Mike Jones and Paul Wall You want that fast quota I want that slow nickle Everything I got I worked for so quit hating on me nigga Look at the trees, look at the sky, look at the moon Look at these keys, look at my ride, imma tycoon From the land of the gangsters and pimps and hustlers Where a hundred will get you three hundred dollars worth of poppers Every time I look around Every time I look around somebody done peeped my style Wanna smile in my face and take my place hate but it ain't gone be no way no how, wow, I'm lit like a candle And they hating cause I'm hot like a left sink handle [Hook] - 2X [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Jellysickle Look at how that jelly trickles Down his elbows And you can smell those Playa haters from Calabassas to Melrose During his jail polls And knocked him out of his shell toes? When I walk into the spot them suckas sucking on them sickles Hate to see me shining get to tripping when they off they ripple I get these rappers dripping jelly to the third degree Most of them in my city never know me but yet they heard of me At the BET awards chilling with the Federation never forget the woman at the door giving Away the shoes didn't really want me to have 'em Man I had a ticket I had to grab 'em Come to find out I was in a rhyme bout a couple years ago Here's the blow cause I rake up dough She was one of the women I left behind up at the wake up show Congratulate me cause I'm a go getta For sho hitta E-40 and Nina some flow spitter's But that don't mean you gotta hate Jealousy's a sickness Take another lick Mitch (You actin' like a trick bitch) [Hook] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Caribou Lou Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah, it's like the ultimate party favor baby ya know? 2 cups will get her hot and out of her clothes ya know? Caribou Lou it's like 151 Rum, Pineapple juice and Malibu Caribou get dem all numb Make baby girl come, out of her shell and raise hell Don't stop till the cops come [Verse 1] Half a bottle of 151 off in a jug 1 cup of Malibu rum baby that's whassup then you fill the rest of the jug with pineapple juice and it's crackin' the only defect is waking up like what happened I like, red light parties and fed right bodies who like bread like dolly and head right totties at night Aribou Cay oulay Terrible day you pay the liquor store teller with no hair or tupe tushe Get the party jumpin', keep the hotties humpin' I like em thick and juicy so don't palatti nothin' drinkin' too much Lou you might be karate puchin' or at the back of the club attending the naughty luncheon Satin, coolaid gives you hella 151 November dog so run kitty run we gon drink it until we dumb ditty dumb bum bitty bum here Kansas City come so give me some 151 Rum, Pineapple juice and Malibu Caribou get dem all numb Make baby girl come, out of her shell and raise hell We gon party till the cops come 151 Rum, Pineapple juice and Malibu Caribou get dem all numb Make baby girl come, out of her shell and raise hell Don't stop till the cops come [Verse 2] I see double, I see triple, might be trouble might see pistols we ain't tryin' ta hear you hataz suckin' on sickles we livin' it up in two double o sizzle Wonder you may bro, until ya day go why I'm the one ta drink you under the table and all the ladies I will do in time once you become a member of my drinkin' club you will find Tech N9ne Tryin' to tell her truly get nudey yes I even do L-words in their fruity bizutti like to drink it and yell slurs at the movies if I'm heated I'm off to get Caribou Lou to cool me Created by Tech N9zzle and T. Wizzle one high day we mixed it up and then I say we treat caribizzle like our lady originated in Kansas City, Missouri since 1995 baby [Chorus] - 3X [Verse 3] Tar bender I need a drother nink release Caribou Lou in a party it's utter kink insane mani, keep em comin' then I'll remain zany cause sadatay baby I'm tryin' ta make you my main damey For the rest of the night girl ya sexy, ya tight come to we casa and see the chakra flexin' you right. Groupies at 12 o'clock man I'll crawl, I'll go yeah I'll recruit em but I bet not crap that's all I know Yep in my white t and Nike's you might sight me slightly hyph and might see dry heaves die we shall not need I.V.'s beside me siemeze (Tech) huh (you're not makin' any sense!) I might make her wanna swing her prada but once I get up on the mic and do my thing I got her. (Tech) Hey batter, batter, batter, batter swing batter he can hit he can it he can hit swing batter [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready: The Religion/25 To Life (The Game) Song: My Wife, My Bitch, My Girl Typed by: mrmist@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Big Krizz Kalico & Tech N9ne] Real cocky Real sloppy Drunk at the club and y'all can't stop me [Tech N9ne] Super star style Whoop the are pounds Out the roof, scoop the group we be troopin' large crowds Yes we are foul And we rich now Used to be all of me, but it's all on the bitch now They wanna get me stuck, they commin' into my world It's too late I got, my wife, my bitch, my girl [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I was nineteen Met a nice queen Car was light green Naughty as ice cream But she too jealous Nickaleas Sort of ridiculous With the liffa kickin' it We can never be inconspicuous (My bitch) Rolls with me It's so sickly In love with me But she give me Felicia 'ol hickeys But go get me, in the wee hours to get me slow quickys So sticky Roll with my homies she so shifty (My wife) Married a monsta Carried a youngsta Said if you cheated it you will come back to hunt ya She said my filthy world Makes her wanna hurl And that's my first verse My wife, my bitch, my girl [Hook: Tech N9ne] 2X Daddy told me that she wanna control the chick She gotta go and blow her grip Because it's all unload on a bitch One is no trip But two had mo lip And three I just can't cope with My wife, my bitch, my girl [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Got a nice anus And it's right ain't it Can't really touch durin' the day but in the night tame it Usin' fight language When she take inches Great bitches Gettin' busy on the weight benches (My bitch) Got a big butt A big slut Who get big bucks You might look up and get your chick sucked Cause she's bi-sex Keep her thighs wet Spontaneous I don't know what we gon try next (My wife) Go a ghetto booty like Naomi Imma tell you like Jayo say All my bitches havin' fancy dreams And all my bitches wearin' Applebottom jeans My wife, my bitch, my girl [Hook] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] If one's trippin' The other's for fun flippin' You coo She run's limpin' You end up with funds missin' You foo Come wicked your women become visious and cruel Dump checkin' to some funds with some checks and you loose Out of balance the playalistical values and lyin' I done challenged the way of Mystical powers and hinted I can silence an egotistical chick in a fight I'm defiant with an evil twist my girl, my bitch, and my wife Ain't no bitch on this planet that is a match for me They get sick and they stand it cause Ninna packs the three Have to be Crash to see If naturally to cause a catastrophe Exsactaly (My wife) Don't like me (My bitch) Get's hyphy (My girl) Might knife me twice just to spite me (My wife) If I break her heart (My bitch) It'll rip her apart (My girl) But I'm the smarter y'all (My wife, my bitch, my girl) [Hook] 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Flash Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Verse 1:Tech N9ne] Show day is stressful everybody wanna call gotta tell 'em naw sometimes sit up in a record store 700 fans man everyone signed and it get so hard telling 'em all please try to form 1 line with the playa hataz combined I don't think you know, how much of a strain it's been I can't explain it's insane but I wouldn't give up a thang I live with the pain and resort to brain trippin' I need a little release somethin' to stop my rage I really need me a moment of peace so baby girl when I step on stage [Chorus: repeat 2X] Flash like it's Mardi Gras flash girl take off your bra flash talkin' to all of yaw flash this is a party call flash this song ain't about your ass but I really love it when you pass if you're with me can we smash my baby doll [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I really love it (really love it) I can see them from the front row to the back and its beautiful I've imagined this since I was a youth, now that I'm old enough girls that are swoll enough grab your shirt roll it up Even if you're A cup girl we can still play touch if you're a B and C cup girl I bet you can make me erupt D cups be the ones that are driving me nuts big breast never trouble me if you packin' a double D let everyone s. double E Angelina Joli let me see those beautiful babies I'm all about the tito's Ms. Jackson packin' 'em wholly Toledo missed the flash cause I didn't have TVO ask me who's fira playa Imma yell Tyra little sick in the head still got the magazine of Elvira Life is so grand, when you got yo fans blastin' out their shirts flashin' their Lindsey Lohan's I got a pocket full of Trojans we can all get nasty if you flash me baby you know the program [Bridge:Tech N9ne] Girls in the back come 2 the front cause we in need of cleavage and I been lookin' at you You and yo homegirl Let me see both of them now grab a hola them look what you doin' to me now grap a hold him [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Such an odd sensation, you know the dogs been waitin' for you to quickly take off your Vicky and show me your augmentation silicon or saline either way puts me in a daydream talkin' 'bout it gets me way steamed baby girl this Regime When you see me baby lift it up thinkin' Imma miss it nigga what? If I miss one back it up stit elur eht dlrow. Tig old bitties lady, from city to city crazy here's your instructions, show me them titties baby [Outro] Travelin' for miles and miles Girls gone wild love this peculiar style So in order for us to get our heads right We all need you ladies, to turn on your headlights! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready: The Religion Song: Come Gangster Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro: Some guys talking] The spiked red hair...and the..and the, paint on his face Whow, hold on man, Tech is losein' it man He's not as grounded as he used to be Tech was a devil worshiper You know you see a black dude with red hair And a long beard, I mean look he look scary to me too Yeah that nigga Tech man he sellin' out man That..that's he's doin' that for the white folks Thats white shit he doin' man [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I've been writing for  Nineteen years for sure Hate rules in these times Niggas don't wanna see me shine Stop me, and then try and tell me (Come gangsta) And then compare me to Nelly (Wanna bang bra?) So this songs is gonna tell me (So called gangsta niggaz what the fuck is always tryin to break a G) Hey, I've been bustin' And fizz knuckin' bitches It tizz nothin' for years puffin' I've been clutchin' riches from his muffin'  Heres fuck you niggas this is toughin' I (Don't know what the fuck you thinkin' tellin me this shit is hella fake) Say, since way back in the days rappin' The blaze happen I raised raves craves days would blade packin' And stage saggin' Theys wackin' Nina stays layed backin' I (Rap at nigras contantly they never know the money Nina makes) Hey, this is amazin' how niggas formulate they hatin' You fuckin' fornicate your mistakin'  We can never coralate cause you fakin', huh Who's bringin' in through the bacon, huh Who's keepin' this shakin', huh (Got any questions Sinister Tech and Tecca Nina niggas know the rest) Gay, is all you punks and mitch bades diss in your trunk won't get played on the radio Too gangsta for an old lady bro Gangsta niggas don't hate me no Wanksta niggas won't face me though (Talkin' shit and book smart people tellin' me that I really need a vest) Okay! [Bridge 1: Tech N9ne] I rep the town harder than any of you niggas Where ever I stand my bills the same punk And you got the nerve to tell me [Hook: Tech N9ne] Come gangsta Throw your rags in the air And know that nobody there Will compare to your gangsta Saggin' pants to the floor Every womens a bitch or a whore When your gangsta Pack ya guns in the club If they shrug give them thugs mean mug ya come gangsta Is what they sayin' to me [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I shoulda been done come wit a gun For the ones who bump they gums who the one Said a nigga was'nt gonna make another record said I was wack and washed up done Said a nigga might scare lil' ones He's a fuckin' nightmare, here he comes With red hair and my face painted  They said (Gangsta) Messy Marv and Colione is so (Gangsta)  But I really ain't (Gangsta) I need to come up wit a (Gangsta) Scritch the scratch my nigga fat tone is so (Gangsta) You need a bit of that (Gangsta) You need to hang wit a (Gangsta) Mr. Stinky Vigalante so (Gangsta) Brother Lynch is (Gangsta) Da Bigga Bigga is (Gangsta) 57 RDVs are so (Gangsta) The nigga fifty is so (Gangsta) They say! When you in them streets, creep creep Cause some gangstas want a head blast Cause I run with the red rags And try make the feds flash Try to swipe my bread stash (That's that bullshit I'm gon skip and try to go get the money grip) Okay, you niggaz kill me in Nosferatu vampire bit my shit Cause you niggaz feel me, surprised that I got you right here with my shit So you gotta be thankful to who? By the way homie what's gangsta to you? (Money, dope and alcohol and plenty bitches all up on your dick) I got that How can C-Bo be wrong? How can Yukmouth be wrong? How can Lynch be wrong? How can 2 Pac be wrong? Bitch! [Hook] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] I've been nice to you rapper cats for a long time I left Kansas City so them other cats can gon shine But it seems these punks are confussed because I'm my own kind But I'm back on deck cause Kansas City is who's throne? Mine! This ain't no punk shit Nigga this is strength at it's finest I made this shit so you all you simps can rewind it Meaning, you pussys who says this Tech shit ain't hard for real And try to disregard the real You mutherfuckers is hard to feel I get your death threats cause I'm the king bitch Money, groupies, drugs, alcohol and bling shit But I stay a hella game And you punks is so lame Cause all my gangstas ridin will demolish your whole team I've been with every rapper who's legendary Underground to mainstream know that Tech is very hard Cause I bring the heater Love me cause I'm your leader Bitches they suck my peter While I drinkin' Margaritas Niggas get layed down Seven displayed sounds N9ne the crayzed klown Lines like sprayed rounds This is for all you haters who don't pump my shit If you say this ain't gangsta you can suck my dick! I might look like a clown But you niggas sound like a muthafuckin' circus Fuck you muthafuckas! [Outro: Yukmouth] This nigga is the tightest nigga movin' man I mean...Tech N9ne will dimalish all you niggas From the stage show, to rockin' the mic you name it Thats why I roll wit him he my favorite rapper real talk Tech N9ne The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Melancholy Maze Typed by: AlexApprobation@aol.com Yo What up, sit up, get up wit' us killas Enough niggaz to crush ya luck and bust ya' guts and liver Hit with the Ruger and now ya' livin' off in the river Watchin' this arsonist while a spark a bit of my heart and bark Imma start the shit welcome to the bottomless pit animalistic I know its hella dark in it My world, is not like a regular life We tote big guns instead of a knife Hella grim night, the devil is in flight He said a Beretta will get us whatever is in sight You gotta job, I ain't got one You got wad, I gotta shotgun You gotta guard, I got squad You here to work I'm here to rob! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brother Lynch Hung, Dalima Album: Everready Song: My World Typed by: 22@gahed.com, AlexApprobation@aol.com [Intro] In a world of misery Within this, three planets collide Brother Lynch, Dalima, Tech N9ne Bring you along for the ride [Brother Lynch] Wait a minute I'm from the West coast Conference like Kobe or James Worthy You could just call me King of the Valley, all I need is a game jersey Niggaz nuts and guts get served up when I get it all spittin' up, mmm, serve it Cut it up gut it up with cold cuts with another nut heated up came dirty I'll be off of that kryptonite Turn them into liquid ice Stain his jersey Leave him in the back of the El-Co Like Helter Skelter stick it to them like velcro Nigga I'm a bitch killa I'm a nigga that's quick to rip ya Paint a murda pictur' witcha I'ma jackknife ya strip ya that night split ya legs open and dick ya. But then I'm into rippen ya guts Eat your meat deplete with the meat clever I did not see ya either Fourth quarter receiver Court order delete ya Tech order to me I'm bringing the seasoning And a suicide note Do or die low Keys in the backseat Cut necks I'm sexist rocked to get kidnapped??? Brother Lynch I'm neckless express this sexist Welcome to my world (Where hearts are broken and laws are broken, potions pulling me closer) Welcome to my world (Dark's my ocean, my arc is floatin, but I'm living like I'm supposed ta) Welcome to my world (Where hearts are broken and laws are broken, potions pulling me closer) Welcome to my world (Dark's my ocean, my arc is floatin, but I'm living like I'm supposed ta) Welcome to my world [Dalima] (Lyrical asylum) Cause I've been dealin' with motherfuckers hatin' me for the longest Could it be critical, cause I'm lyrically flawless? And if I'm heated I cannot be mentally cautious (Could be pain) From the flame Only kid to be held accountable for making the change To whatever regards I'd rather be (insane) In the middle of the stage I'm bustin' like a 12 gauge You could never relate to a nigga that'll hang you up Slip a couple millions up and fill your drink for ya I'm outside with a fully loaded rifle Undecided whether or not I could cut up your brains or guts (I get spaced out sometimes) And it's like I'm a heathen whether or not you believe it Everytime I rap, a motherfucker stop breathin' Have you ever been in a dilemma for a reason? (nahhh) Well let me introduce you to the crucial upliftin' future (and then?) Recruit you and seduce you to the mutual group of (my friends' souls) Nigga you better get ready cause we done put together the fettiest chemical frame Energetic, well I embedded into your brain Tech N9ne Dalima Brother Lynch ("Welcome to my would" in reverse) [Tech N9ne] Fight this phantom, your freakin' family will fall flat Bunk Bianca's beat 'em black and blue with a baseball bat I might be a small cat But I won't use discretion Hit 'em with a weapon They be steppin' with a mallrat 20 minus 11 I make 'em all scat Not prosperous now Tech's not with his crowd He's lost in his clouds Rather be off'ed than soft with his style I got hopes that my life might get better But I've been broke so I might swipe your chedda You better get ready to get me, I got a vendetta Coming to get a brother weed and money and whatever Nobody said it was going to be easy But to deceive me and leave me in the dark And buried off in Acropolis One day you gon' see me on TV You better believe we takin' over this And never the opposite Rewrite my life Give me life in a fight For what's right I'll liberate, cuidado 151 Rum is how we run from slim slums then comes diablo I need a medic cause a murder energetic in the cerebellum never tell 'em I got One of the worst problems in the medulla oblongata you oughta go in one hell of a shot No more darkness How did I start this? Feelin' bizarre shit Like kickin' your carcass I am the ruler in my kingdom and my dark seat's hot Step into my world and your heartbeat stops ("Welcome to my would" in reverse) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: Running Out of Time Typed by: AlexApprobation@aol.com [Verse 1] Pain (Pain) (What is it?) Originally penalty physically or mentally sensations You feel when you hurtin' distressed A bit of anguish can bring you closer to your death Cause of the lack of success now Time, ain't on my side Cause I'm tryin' to find my piece of mind and rhyme But the catch is you got to have the paper to shine If we don't I'm sorry, we might have to do capers do crime Cause my mom is sick doc I'm grid-locked Dpilepsy and Lupus, Alfred Hitchcock Couldn't write the suspense and shit on this block Fist-cocked when I'm walking my lips locked IRS and the child division they wanna shut a nigga down to the ground Gotta make this shit pop [Chorus x2] Times a-running out (running out) Time keeps on tickin' (we got to keep it movin') Times a-running out (running out) Time keeps on slippin' (we got to keep it movin') (slipping...) [Verse 2] Neva' like I cheated for the chedder Whatever we gotta do to make it better cause I'm (running out) Mama gotta get a better livin' I got the power to bust (we got to do it movin') Tryin' to get a milli and I really been silly The pill in me killin' me so the devils (comin' out) Lookin' for love an the demon neva lookin for love, I'm in lust (I guess I'm truly ruined) No matter what I ever do, Nina always gotta deliver Never comin' out on top as the winner Might have to take it back to November '71 when I was the heavenly son Now we run with killas who carry the guns Marry the bum now I gotta marry the one But I'm sick of hittin' the clubs, done (?) The root of the problem Is the root of all evil The ones that hiss at the enemy And the ones that ruined my people After all this time After all this rhyme Still comin' to see me the fans takin' in all this all this Nine And that's positive cause everything is negative I need a sedative You get her preg-a-nent they levy shit takin more money than you'll ever get I'm ready as ready get For the capital out for your stack I'll attack for your fetti, bitch But thats petty shit And if I grind I wonder how much time they gon' make me sit [Chorus x2] [Verse 3] Its like its a trap: Rap When you spend your scratch And you get with a partner on the coast And somehow you never get it back And you can't go get him with a gat Cause if you do that The state will separate you from your brats Chillin' with the killas and rats I'm in a race for time They wanna replace my mind Skinheads, cops, gangbangers And its all in the devils design Just to get me Gotta get the money quickly Before my mother is a wonderful history If I can't make it before that I will neva eva forgive me Racin' for happiness for that sunshine euphoria But its melancholy And its dim-foggy and dark like Fangoria I'm tryin' to pick up the pieces that are broken beast is my species So I hope my mothers alive and me too when this album releases But the time is tickin' and my kids are growin' up I ain't blowin' up I guess the bass in my music ain't hittin' low enough Fuck that shit nigga cause my tone is tough Shit that I'm doin's rough Meetings with Atlantic, Jive and TVT can't come soon enough [Chorus x2] [singer] We do too much, will we make it? We make money and they take it Time (time time time) (runnin out) For me an you what is we gonna do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready Song: The Rain Typed by: carlosncali06@yhaoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] I now pronounce me and music together from now until the end of time Always on the road, Doing hella shows Day to day high and lows, but that's just how it goes When you grinding, homie ain't no rewinding Time but the family behind in this business that I'm in I don't feel anything and it's hard remembering Places and faces they think I'm what December brings The day is just like moments turned to hours  All the graphs, sound check, radio spots and quick showers Hit the stage and get so much love from the fans Keep it rough with the fellas, but I make the ladies want to dance And still I don't think you understand what's real While I'm with you with my wife another chance is killed And my kids all three of 'em suffer in the worst ways Cause last year I missed all three of they birthdays So when you see me with me eyes full of pain Give me love cause these are three of the reason why I call the road 'the rain' [Chorus: Tech N9ne] So here we are now (In the rain) A superstar now, (In the rain) So far now, (In the rain) The Rain (I'm walking in rain) I live my life like (In the rain) Just for the limelight (Is it rain for singers) My little girl said [Aliya Yates] Daddy (What's up), me and Reign really miss you Not to mention momma always need a tissue I saw your picture in the paper and I kissed you I heard you won't be home for Halloween, is this true? (Right after Halloween baby) Yea I'm used to it Why don't you teach me and Reign how to produce music So we can travel everywhere that you're traveling And be in the family, me and sissy fighting and tattling I know you miss that, I know you dig that Do your fans every wonder about where your kids at? Is Donny really coming to move with us in L.A.? Will mommy still love you and be with you everyday? I gotta go now, I love you daddy but slow down There's not enough Tecca Ninas to go around Rainbow's crying she wants to talk to you badly (What's up Rainbow, Baby) [Reign Yates] I love you daddy! So here we are now (In the rain) A superstar now, (In the rain) So far now, (In the rain) The Rain (I'm walking in rain) I live my life like (In the rain) Just for the limelight (Is it rain for singers) [Tech N9ne] I love my fans Cause they make it possible for me to provide for the Fam The fact that my life is in shambles, they could give a damn When it shakes then they chose it, fakes who hate lose it They love my pain because it makes for great music But in the interim this family matter is a tend to one of mine Leave in January and come back when the winter come like: Calling my wife when I'm in the rain and then end up getting into a dumb fight Cause she lonely, you try to console her but you ain't come right So it's about what and what? You give them everything they need But what they need is your presence indeed Life yes has been a strainer It's like if been a stranger To my kids and wife That's the life of an entertainer More money to gain More people to change Swords deep in the game The world's peeping my pain Out on the road cussing for sure, reaching for fame Healthy relationship you can't have them when you're living life in 'the rain' [Chorus: repeat 2X] So here we are now (In the rain) A superstar now, (In the rain) So far now, (In the rain) The Rain (I'm walking in rain) I live my life like (In the rain) Just for the limelight (Is it rain for singers) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/Big Krizz Kaliko, Kutt Calhoun Album: Everready Song: Fuck 'Em Girl Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Its Friday night, just got paid She's lookin' for a little bit of action captain to get saved [Verse 1: Big Krizz Kaliko] So you go straight to the mall and call your girlfriend up tell her you bought a fuck 'em girl dress nuttin' less-more-than-a thinner-sinner-Chris Dior fitter You gotcha hair did or that there wig Sho a fitter gotcha own sitter for that there kid She's goin' out to find a thick stout to out her dig That dress' fittin' catcher's mitten is out there big Your manicured and pedicured up and lookin' like you wanna Your man's hittin' your phone up say fuck 'em if you wanna Lip gloss is on her blow that mirror a kiss and if your man gotcha stressin' put on your dress and don't listen and sing I can't wait til I get there, step in the club lookin' playa playa Grab your keys and beat it to the spot where you guess you'll find you a nigga buyin' a two for one special Exceptional sexual healin' is what your cravin' You're pagin' you but fuck how he's feelin' Fuck'em girl, fuck 'em [Repeat 3X] It's your time to get out No time for thinkin' of'em [Repeat 2X] [Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun] Now this is a story, all about how these chicks get tricked and don't know how So I'd like to take a second and explain to them How all this craziness evolves out of relationships, listen... He never used to hit ya, he always used to treat ya With some respect and dignity, and now he wanna beat ya Six months done passed and he's changed You never woulda thought he'd be crazy and deranged, huh Just the way he approached was so sweet He let you know you was far away from a (late night creep) Mister telephone man when he what'nt with ya Bobby browny and Whitney, you found you a new edition, and In the beginning it was grinings from the sit down Til he let you know that it was all on a bitch now When, after you had you a baby, he wanna start arguing his excuse to start Sipping the Remy Martin, darkening this relationship Now every lady grab yo bics if you relate to this You need ta, get up out those drawers And put on some lip gloss, throw on a thong Now make your way to the closet and [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Feel like I, was put here for the female species Hella listening watching whispering offerings no feces When the back is obese we double back and go deeply In her life in her mind never hate but'll go extra time if need be Easy for me to connect so peep me In the club I take her some place we can talk discretely You're creep free definitely that heats me Your body's wop bobba lu bop so hot baby teach me How to get up inside it ride it, chakras are now ignited That's a beautiful smile don't hide it Getting Tech the n9ne excited Stress free I bet she so Nestle Wanna know how wicked the sex be don't test me Drink your drink eat your cherry and tie the stem This is your world mommy ain't said a damn thing about him [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready: The Religion Song: The Beast Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro 1: Big Krizz Kalico] Insanity at it's finest Fire starter Riot maker Moon strikin' Animal need Bad seed Untamable (Beast) [Intro 2: Tech N9ne] Everybody around me always thinks they know what's goin on inside my mind Think I'm Mr. Nice Guy all the time How they say on Diary, you think you know but you have no idea! [Hook: Tech N9ne & Big Krizz Kalico] Handcuff yo hoe Get filthy must make mo dough We will be shakin your flow Come against me that's a no, no, yo Cause I'm a beast [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I can smell your women's rosey poonany on the dance floor all the way in V.I.P I'm a rapper, I can snatch her And she will leave with me because of my stature Everybody move, everybody bounce Who ever the Nina choose we about to pounce (work it out) With the 151 in the bottle I call Hef will he let me hit this model in the grotto I like, all women, tall women, and small women You got to, let Tech Niz tease your chakra Species release freaks please the monsta Petit beast feez these G's will rock ya Handcuff her busta don't trust her Round these hustlas homie don't be a sucka When your lover say Tecca Ninas a brotha She tryin to say that I rushed her then crushed her [Hook - 2X] [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I'm out to get that money like a robbery Now I got it all my enemies wanna clobber me Squalor be harder we need dollars camaraderie The hotter these collars be the larger the lottery Need them tens twins Gotta succeed spend G's, Ben Franks Weed grim cheese in banks Breed sin we win thanks Hungry like the wolf indeed but I give Money to my crooks that need to live In terminals but from Kansas City I miss home Cali is business but man it's pretty  I ain't lyin y'all Monster for money for mine y'all If I wasn't gettin' money I'd do time dog You'll never see the N9ne fall Big house, wood floors, maid cleanin the bitches with Pine-Sol [Hook - 2X] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Friend this industry is no kin to me Behold the flow of the century But they scared of me Rappers they don't compare to me Far to be, said that they dares to be sincerely a rarity (Wow!) Check the SoundScan, look around man Wake up look at your Jacob you in killa clown land Face paint and Juggalettes with bubble butts And we rockin' plus the Diddy women in the button ups Hands down we rock harder than Kiss But rap we couldn't cris But can I get two stomps and a clap in this bitch Nina shot to the top cause a plots to get rich Tell ya, executive  I'm next for this Success it is Yep the best for Tech This aint Baptist, Pentacostal or Methodist This is the Beast baby out I mean Exodus [Bridge: Big Krizz Kalico] I'm mean, and I will, destroy you, I am the Beast [Hook - 3X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Krizz Kalico Album: Everready: The Religion Song: This is Me Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro: Tech N9ne] Hahahaha, in the world of BET I'm looked at as too rock n roll In the world of MTV My name is too gangsta huh, hahaha Man, Stragne Music we got this baby This year we got this one baby Red hair, red everything It's Tech N9ne baby like it or not [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Never been a harder rhymer in my region globally that's holdin me I'm totally hard and bossed up Why you think the majority of the rap musical authority sword me and barred and crossed up Cause they don't wanna let the crazy kid in then Spit his hymns speakin a grim religion of rhyme, forbidden my isms are hidden My mind, to written then spittin' the kid in The N9ne, is playin you, slayin you, sprayin you Permanently delayin you, swayin through, it's the gay in you that's hatin who, something's that hella beyond us (I love Kanye, his shit is bombay, but I'm rough) And you can see it in my retina That I won't be lettin' ya Threatinas better respect Tech the messengas Too dope on this to be History listen this is a mystery While they spittin' and dissin' me [Hook: Tech N9ne & Big Krizz Kalico] This is me (this is me) I'm a king, I'm a klown, I'm a G (I'm a G) I believe what I want Got you singin' my song But your seein' me wrong So what's a matter with me? This is the belief (the belief) The religion has arisin' from the deep (from the deep) Darkest prison if you listen you will see (you will see) If colision your decision you will reep what you so forget what you know this is me [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] This is Tech bra For years I've been the next to collect a plethra of checks lets get extra Is what I set ta Travis let's go select the baddest rappers infect the planet leave 'em in exta See I'm a vet the powers don't really wanna let the best come and wreck the sets and test your sector Instead of rawness like Inspecta Deckta Eldest rather set they specs on Mason Betha Slept on my records If you knew my music's Hannibal lector What the hell you callin' Funkmaster Flex for? Don't pester me I won't sweet you be on a quest to Investagate your techma respect the Shockra tease in hop to these Hot degrees me and Mr. O Apostrophe Never listen to these pop-asees cause they suck! (I love 50 Cent he gritty went he vent but I'm rough) And you can see it in my demeanor The Tecca Nina will blast arenas The grass is greana Made it ma to the top of the world Kiss me, miss me (This Is Me) Can't you see? [Hook] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] The industry treat me like a ride on the short bus Thats why I'm tellin' they youngstas when your retourt cuss And make a fort fuss Cause you went out on Sam Goody on F.Y.E. with they money and you support us Strangas, Shadys, Psychopaths and Juggalos Loseas, Shootas, College women and gutta hoes Rock it from prescios doe Drops it just lets it flow Cop it don't knock it you block us stop at the record store This is Aaron Yates, this Aaliyah in rain This is for little Donnie this is for all Lacoya's pain This is, for the sickness of Marty Sue This is for all the love of Sara, Suzy, Ira Mae, and Izeta Lou This is for Ike and Ricky Rufus, Rhonda, Barbara, and Marla really This is for B'zle and I know that rest of my family is with me This is my friends, this is the end, this is a G This is life, this is worng, this right, this is me [Hook] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Krizz Kalico Album: Everready (The Religion) Song: Sleeping Beauty Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Intro: Big Krizz Kalico backwards] Such a cutie Sleeping beauty [Tech N9ne] It was a Saturday night me and my homeboys decided to dip to the movies And you know what? Always on CP time So we enter the theater and we find our seats Kalico wanted me to get something from cossesion, so I did So I'm waitin' in line and I get to the register And I see the badest bitch homie (Damn) I mean I was like fuck the food what's your name, nationality and age baby But I forgot the first two when she said she was, 17! On the inside I was like, fuck, shit, godamn it, motherfucker, ya bitch, whore, slut, cunt When you gonna be 18? And in the mints of my crisis I heard he say, "Well I'll be eighteen in a week" And I was like, "Oh yeah?" And she said, "Yeah" Man she was a stallion Ass like pow Chest like bang Lips like ooh I had to have her cat De ja vu [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I'm in the movie and I don't give a fuck about it I keep thinkin' about a bitch I met at cassesion Really a cutie I wanna get up in her and out of her but the identity sayin' she is one seven For the movie I'ma go back and spit at her throw game at her like my name is Tech N9ne bitch When I said it she went balistic meanin' she was with it and lovin' my complex rhyme shit (Yes, yes) I had it really an idea to get her back at the crib and I'll give her some of the bad mimosa The key was (????) that I can hold her But about the weekend on her b-day We can wheeza She does'nt know that I am s-i-c-k (Sick) All she know is T-E-C-C-A When your through with work your gonna go with me kay (Okay, Okay, Okay, O-O-Okay) [Hook: Big Krizz Kalico] I want you, Sleeping Beauty I need you, Sleeping Beauty So come on, such a cutie I love you, Sleeping Beauty [Bridge 1: Tech N9ne & Girl] Come right in baby, have a seat (Alright) Would you like a drink (Sure, I'll have one) And another, and another, and another and then another, and then another, and then another [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Very woozy We up in the Jacuzzi Beauty is juicy The liquor must have been a dozy (Yes) Cause she talkin' hella loosely Tryin' to seduce me But I ain't fuckin' no under aged groupie But I was I fuckin' and suckin', buckin', crushin' and touchin' And tuckin' my stuff in puttin' my bid in here But she started huffin' and puffin' and talkin' bout nuthin' The fact that I ain't gonna get no lovin' this fucker is pushin' my buttons Bitch with your fast mouth I want you to pass out Then I'ma get your ass out (Yup) Shit she crashed out Gotta get her out cause she'll be dead soon Drug her to the motherfuckin' bedroom Handcuffed her then I turned the music down (Knock, knock, knock) Then I heard a pound (Who is it?) (Knock, knock, knock) Knock a lil' more (What the fuck) Somebody's knock, knock, knock, knockin' at my door yo [Bridge 2: Tech N9ne & Cop] Is there a problem officer? (Yeah we got a noise complaint from one of your neighbors, uh you havin' a party?) Uh-no it's just me here man I'm a musician (We know who you are) And uh I'm scoring a movie that's my projector you hear and the music's already down so (Well let's try and keep it down) Uh-I'll keep her, uh, keep it, keep it down, I'll keep it down [Hook] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Hey I can hardly wait It's gettin' closer to our date It's been a couple of days I had to gag her Back and forth to the bathroom I had to drag her (Come on) Cause the drugs I'm givin' her makin' her stagger Tryin' to feed her food but it's makin' me want to stab her (Bitch) With the steak knife I try to feed her steak with (Come on) Okay when you starve to death don't say shit (Bitch) Imma set it to the side till your hungry I see that your energy tellin' me that you want me She said I never knew that you were the wanabe psycho Why you readin' to me from the bible (No) Get away from me motherfucker I hate you (Hate me) All the warning that gave me make me wanna date you (Yes) Days go by And I'm lookin' in her hazel eyes And I wanna be a sex slave know why? Cause your beautyful lovely (Yes) Want you to trust me (Yes) And never judge me (Yes) And now do you love me? [Bridge 3: Tech N9ne & Girl] (I love you, I really love you) Oh, fuck (I wanna feel you, I wanna touch you) Oh yes, oh yes (Take care of these cuffs) [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] Look at her sexy ass Beautiful panty's see through like plexiglass Rip 'em off of her like an animal mesh me clash To the bottom put her hands on my ness tea bags Heavy kissin' and heavy pushin' And if this is heaven then I wanna stay Lord please never take it away Happy birthday baby this is how I'm gonna be lovin' ya (Yeah) Then she put the steak knife through my juggula (Shit!) Now as the blood trickles My body wiggles I'm lookin' up at my baby while she giggles (Ha, ha, ha) I never thought it would end this way (Way) This not how I wanted to spend this day (Day) The rest we, we were so damn tangled (Yes) I really guess my baby didn't like my angle (No) I lye in a puddle of blood neck mangled (Damn) I was done by the hands of an angel [Reporter] In breaking news Rapper Tech N9ne was found murdered today at the hands of an eighteen year old girl He is survived by his wife, and three children More details at ten [Man] We can't burry this man without prayer [Women] There's nuthin' to pray for sir He said there's a much better world than this At least all you monsters say sir The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Everready: The Relegion Song: Turn Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Intro] Turn, The change of feelings or attitude The change of intention To redirect the point of aim The reverse of one's feelings To upset, or unsettle [Verse 1] We were the dynamic duo we were unstoppable musically I was incredible and made you a verteran was like a titanic you know you was inmockable to the "T" you would kill several punks and you were better than, many but it musta went to your head cause ever since you made it your ego what sits in the red sometimes I wanna put slits in your head when you didn't come to Bryan's funeral I should've sent you to bed you don't even come around no mo you don't invite me to your shows you treat me like we ain't down no mo I bet you ain't seen your son in months I bet your wife is miserable, and lately you ain't the one she want took you in and gave you shelter, made it til where they felt ya now I just sit home and watch you bubble like Alka Seltzer, sick awhile ago I wasn't concerned, you took my heart as homie when will ya learn that you burn when you (Turn) I can feel it in the air Somebody's turning (Turn) We live in a place so cold boy my fire's burning (Turn) I'll keep my enemies baby close so I can see (Turn) For I sit and watch my best friends turn they backs on me, yeah [Verse 2] No one could tell me that you was against me (Nuh Hu) I was with Kelly and you was with Quincy (Uh-Huh) nobody could tell us nothing in our city if this was Cali, you was E-40 and I was Lavidi(Yes Yes) or Dre and Nate, (Yes) we was displaying great (Yes) pieces of music but only different sides of the gates (Yes) told you that I was leaving and to keep my girl company soon as I turned my back it was like humpity humpity, damn I called you, asked if it was true and you lied boy I wanted to beat you black and blue til you died knew my lady was well proportioned but you took it next thing you know she was having abortions wrote songs on how she used to stutter, stutter I disregarded every word she uttered, brother you stabbed me in the back you snake, better yet a worm took my lady homie when will ya learn that you burn when you [Verse 3] You're the lier, the cheater, the mistreater never come on the block if you stop and think why everybody is hot using the buiser, watch what comes outta your cooler cuz if I catch you slippin' off up in the streets imma do ya I made it so people in the city knew who you was I'm the reason why the Kansas City streets got a buzz you was broken through the city, not a block was listenin picked you up when you didn't have a, pot to piss in listen gave you a little money, put you back on your feet gave you your first record, put it off in the streets now all I hear is you're killing me in your song beefs so I snuck up on you in the movies and knocked you out your seat til your next rhyme, there will be a next time when you turn on somebody that helped ya get signed black hearted devil in yo debt is just crime all these verses are directed to you, Tech N9ne (Turn repeated echo's) [Tech N9ne] For verse 1 and 3 There's two sides to every story Except for verse 2 I was wronger than two left shoes I apologize man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko (K.A.B.O.S.H.)  Album: Everready (The Religion) (Strange Music Library) Song: Little Pills Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne) Try to move right through it's like we'll never (it's like i'll never make it) Make it better (Gimme pills let me take it) I can't change the weather (yeah) And I'm goin' back to where i've been Hope somebody lets me it I need shelter from myself If you could hear me please send help (Hook: Krizz Kaliko) It keeps on rainin' in my mind Another storm another day These pills will change my mind Cause they don't make it go away It keeps on rainin' in my head Another storm another day These little pills will change my mind  Cause they don't make it go away It keeps on raining (Bridge: Krizz Kalikko) It's over, It's over, It's over, I'm Sober It's over, It's over, I'm Sober, I'm Sober It's over, I'm Sober, I'm Sober, I'm Sober I'm Sober, I'm Sober, I'm Sober, It's over (Verse 2: Krizz Kaiko & Tech N9ne) Can only see myself is anybody here (I ain't even myself no more) If you could be myself you'd understand me clear (Help pick myself up off the floor) And if I die today it would take my pain away Cause it's flooding (Flooding) And I'm drowing (Drowning) But it just liberating me (Hook) (Bridge) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) Let's find a way to run away from full of pain and strife What direction am I going I can't tell now Mister 7-20 Nina tells me I'm hell bound The IRS is on my ass for the check that I didn't cash And the levy from child support felt like I fell down So I'm looking for Ectsasy pills Tech is the next to be thrills  Seconds from method we ill daily  My brains cooking the recipe will Beckon the best of me kills Sections of stepin' and i feel crazy Hit the club in the night With a little bit of drug in my life And wish I lovin' it real height Me I'm deliverin' With my seeds out my sight Seperated from my wife In the middle of a crisis I'm hype Shaking and shivering Rolling balls I'm elated and going down numb now Drinkin' liquor I'm faded and having fun now Loaded gun and I'm trippin' with everyone around Keep me stuck in the sky I never wanna come down (Bridge) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Misery Loves Kompany Song: Midwest Choppers Typed by: nicklabam@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist Welcome to misery where the killers pop it up whenever I say it and deal it at the turn of the gun We can do it if anybody want it where the rapper niggas will call up and tell everyone Misery loves company so we done with thee Enemy where he be energy sendin me the route My negativity trippin wit me you runnin fo yo life cause you ran your mouth MOUTH [CHORUS] We can sang or we can bang It ain't no game we untamed Whether its fame or we can aim Release your brains it ain't no thang - MIDWEST CHOPPERS know I sayin We livin in pain And it's a shame that you came and got drained And listen mayn stay in your lane - MIDWEST CHOPPERS Find it Murderers monolog come out of a sinister formidable place I can let you kno the ins and the outs and I can spit it wickid Twisted And you can see by the look of my face Give me the mic and I'ma mangle it tangle it Definitely people see that I got the hang of it Pig you gotta try to make a mocery of a city, who pock 'em pock 'em damn we dangerous Came to get strange wit it bang wit it Stop and get a little untamed wit it Get the chopper like a fully bully wit a hoodie stop him take him out So he can Spit cane wit it Well the answer is right before your eyes Who do you despies? Killers who chop you we got to stop you We gotta stop you pop you partner Get up outta the way when techa nina be bustin Gotta give it up I'm a veteran like I said so I'ma light 'em up and get in your head again Im better than ever Never let 'em feather an Hit the mic and get in again Medicine ima CHOPPA CHOPPA CHOPPA Automatic kickin the ammunition Killin the competition when it ain't nobody HOTTA HOTTA HOTTA Manage everything and everybody You kno we never missin Listen to me How can I make you understand that I'm a general Even if you poppin the competition in minimal Cant see the killers and you can bet that we criminal The thing inside of me keep telling me where to go So I'ma keep reppin the mirror choppin freakin shows And I'm about to be on top of this and truly be bustin beggin for mercy you punk I ain't givin you NOTHING [CHORUS] We be the best We ain't talking about women we be talking about paper Already made come and terrible And the competition is the killa With or with the buretta tight right under my sweater And we hide it delopta be where my killas But my dealers are betta Like a blender leeroy like a guillotine chop yo hands out and throw me out the window Watch yo lyrical Thru the atp WHEN WE COME TO THE STREET WE DON POST ON THE BLOCK For the killa I'ma lift my middle finger up to the cop So On the way to the studio we be makin another hot track They be lovin the way we spit it Boy they want our position but they ain't never get it In the hone of the pacific We the definiton of a soldier My opposition is the cultural I spit like a tomic Me and my killa are guerillas Boy we tryin to battle cuz they want our position But they ain't never get it Man I told you We the number one competitors dealin Working the way to the top and get the millin In the hone of the city you can never cross us You can try to read us You can try to beat us Try to get your speed up but it ain't gon matter Cause after were done bustin a nigga we don after We takin after techa nina is the master [CHORUS] Whenever I'm reppin the city in the cane Holla your brain cuz I'm a disaster Dilemma get ready decibel comin atcha We wanna Come atcha Because I'm a style master And I'm impressionable now Just so ya kno now I make 'em sweat Cause the best with the flow Whenever you wanna flex you can go Keep stressing your code And I make yo man go Midwest will flow like SHE'LL FLOW WITH MORE STRIFE Cuz the energy is the bomb I can tell that you fascinated by the way we rhyme And we flow like with the mo like Mo strike wit the fire BABY I KNO U SAY IT OFF Cuz so senemy enemys now Irritate with the haters that be comin around so I kick it Like a realla with the style Im too set for a cure so and I don't need for a doctor to work Late for makin yo nerves Late cause he called ya Hands down now I popped ya now Lets take a trip to the back of your real gear Strange the individual wit ill skill TALK WIT IT Let me act like you get tough wit it When you get out of the truck spittin off the crane Killers gon be the one to leavin yo bodies Smoke ya but really AND THE GAME IS DROP Cause whenever I'm bustin its like the full heart stopper The techa nina get up the flow cause we Midwest choppaz [CHORUS] You better Act right get right Cause I'm the baddest nigga hookin up with the fastest badass Hit you with the lyrical lyrical miracle whip incredible knock the head like a several Diggy diggy down diggy down watcha diggy down cook it clown and at the house hold it down diggy diggy_____ diggy down And if you look for the sound you can be found with the nigga in the crowd are you really wit me? And when you hear it then nigga then zip it These make you want to reposition and pivit When we write it and spit it we makin somebody get it And if they wont hear it then they wont get it, STOP Oh we can keep babblin on Or rapplin off at the mouth while we travelin And we speakin on on the speakin on the things we be doin comin in to pop my mouth And where the hell were u? And I can stop with the drop With the Caribou And they see me pop I would say was you And I wont hesitate to chop you Until to you While they doin you And if you look at the better at the better to combust you got the Cali gun for fun And if you throw me past the pack man you get it They putting down the gun CHOPPA yousa CHOPPA that techa ninaz a CHOOPA We gon come and Knock your block off You never see us comin hit yah run and walk off Cause is more what we wantin And we come in and headhuntin Wont stop til we get to the top It's the way we Midwest chop yah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Krizz Kaliko, Kutt Kalhoun Album: Misery Loves Kompany Song: Sex Out South Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Chorus: Tech N9ne & Big Krizz Kaliko) (2X) Sex out south-some hit in and out Screamin n cussin-some bustin it out Sex out south-some freaks comin out Sex o s is what it's all about (Verse 1: Kutt Kalhoun) I got this bitch named Janae from Olathe Baby girl was flavor Bitch is in sexual favors Told me I could take it Got a fettish addicted to pain Wanted me to choke her While she sat on my dinck came All over the sofa But this hoe from the o she was cold Didn't like to swallow it A pull to the back of the throat Kept a bitch from vomittin She begged for a dick in her ass Baby liked it anal But my head was too big for her ass So I used my fingers Down to Dallas with Rita & Alice White and Phillipino One on my dick and one tossin my salad Off in the casino Real sex ain't got shit on these vets Told em they could keep me Even thought about writin the check I'm coocoo for a threezy To all em bitches and hoes that leave your life unexposed You better peak this out south bitches as pros If you don't know how it goes You besta follow your nose Get on some freak shit Now follow as the story is told It's like.. (Chorus x2) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) I know you heard that I talk allota shit about a bitch But I'm bout to swerve this time Talk about a differnt kinda chick The ones who love the dick constantly in an out Even like to put it in her mouth And I'm not talkin bout northbound bitches I'm talkin about those bitches down south You can find em in the 50's all the way to Grandview You can get em up in Overland Park and Olathe Thank you for the paper Never given a fuck about what your bitch is thinking pety shit is second nature Throw em in the mix nigga fuck em witha friend They will be callin you so you can do it again You ain't gotta spend ain't gotta pretend Call her up and tell her you needa put it in And not just white There's hella beautiful back bitches Give it from the back They lovin the dick too Down north women They hate the bitch brew I know you don't like what I'm sayin but it's true And ya'll be fuckin the bitches like we be fuckin the bitches We be out for the pussy and we rockin you bitches Nothing you never could tall a nigga could be stoppin nigga cause I ain't had enough of you bitches Now sex down south When you put it in her mouth And you don't need help from hitch You can find em in a house of six Pretty damn thing with one and switch Any other women hatin Got a nigga waitin for that weak shit you pitch Play that shit The down bitch quit it sit down sweat it skited now bitch! (Chorus x2) (Verse 3: Big Krizz Kaliko) I'm talkin bout chick set center Where I'm from St. Theresa's, Bishop Hogan up in her Hit me neos rustin n the ones I be tusslin with Now I'm a get mine and I'm hopin you get get yours before I THROUGH! Cause cale be mackin them hoes fast An if ya lucky ya be getcha a peice of evil ass WOOO! With the red bombs Cause them the ones I love out south get my head gone And they never wanna let me pull it out with the min on So I'm pullin the rubber out When I need it I'm takin the southern route And it was late at night clutch your lady tight Or me and my niggas out south! Get it with no dought Sit it your mouth If ya with it then baby let me hit it down south! Still I got too many bitches that I posed to me And the ladys really lookin like they hoes to me Like a lova I got to get some more of her Oochee koochie the way you do me You really give it to me when we be under the cover Felicia-O I'm glad to meet ya But when you kiss this bitch they go balistic They troublin for some head get to rockin the bed Heard a southside screamin SOUTHSIDE! (Chorus x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ T-Nutty Album: Misery Loves Kompany Song: Fan or Foe Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] back up wait a minute Why you lookin at me like that do you really wanna trip or you flippin the script do you wanna rap with a nigga are you bangin some whoop in the whip I don't ever wanna come to us bussin off shots nigga misery can't produce enough cops and I don't if you wildin or what all you wanna do is freestyle in the cut fan or foe (foe) I don't really know (know) off at the show (show) niggas they know (know) what I look like was a good night now its lookin like a motherfucka wanna jack all me doe (doe) come to me and kids when we chillin better think twice I'm a five six villian all you wanna talk about he did it when I did it but all I thought about you gonna get a bullet in a minute You should be careful how you talk up on us got a bonus for all the opponents if they want it I know they wait for tecca nina moments before when they be pop up it hit you don't it You don't know if they be trippin or not probably cause all of us live on the block when you rappin niggas know what you got show us when up on the top show some respect when you approach me don't be muggin me might have that drug in me pluggin a nigga from nearly shruggin me Ain't nothin wrong with people peepin geekin with a man or hoe with a gramma so bamma stamma I don't if you fan or foe! if you trippin we can go peepin like he seekin doe wanna throw him on da po I don't know if ya fan or foe I don't know if ya fan or foe easy how you speakin bro I don't know if ya fan or foe [T-Nutty] now be easy how you speakin bro T-Nutty the young floheakin tho don't be chokin show yo ass and youll be walkin off wit it broken run up on motherfuckas in the open makin shut up they with that hoe shit cut the shananicans nigga you fakers are manakins thinkin you slicker than lotion? back up wait a minute y you lookin at me like that I'm just a nigga wit a little bit of fame but if you get to trippin you can get it out my gang never catch me slippin you can get it out ya brain mayne fan or foe sucka nigga tryna get his hands on my doe but if you really wanna be the one to try to get on it you can be the opponent chokin with hands in your throat man I'm a loc one to pack round from sac-town betta watch out for the blow blow blackout blackout blackout blackout brrrrrrraaaaaahhhhhhh stay with my killas that be knockin noodles wakin the game up like a cock-a-doodle think you gon catch me slippin at show nutt factors lookin like they shock a ?zooloo? I see through u with all the fake shit You feel one hatred hopin and wishin you was my replacement comin so vicious you gon have to face it and try to taste it Cause I laced it like a tennis shoe when I ben a foo like c-bo lynch and x-raided but this is a different interview (back us up nigga) [Tech N9ne] dippin the b for that idea for never go home again niggas lookin at me like I'm a chicken dinner lookin back at niggas like I'm ?shante henderson? You a foe (foe) so I gotta carry the fo (four) do they recognize me I don't really know though Cause they walkin up past and givin me doubt and when they pass they ask me when ya new shit come out (me and my dawgs) at the picture house they be huddled up got me thinkin pick one out lookin at the nigga bigga than me for the trigga to see if ya tough enough make it what ya tryin to be but he a fan tho don't know how to approach up voulta get to close and ill post ya (I'm 'possed to know the difference of fan or foe when ya muggin tho Can't even live in peace and when I eat with my peeps in the place You all in my face with ya mixtapes and if I ain't tryin to listen to it we get into it and if I'm off the fluid then its time to do it) Cause a nigga from out south out the mouth ya girl be lovin me givin me mouth to mouth and it ain't fair that the music got her doin what you want when you ain't there and you to softly softy when you see me up you betta get up off me (if ya girl actin a hoe we tell her fan or foe) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Misery Loves Kompany Song: Girl Crazy (Crazy Love) Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Krizz Kaliko] To all the girls that I loved before I only wanna love you more I know it sound shady, lady Girl crazy I know nobody can save me from spreadin my crazy love I'm dippin out with your lady To give her some crazy love Ain't trynna have no more babies So come for my crazy love Enough to make her go crazy Cuz I'm all about crazy love [Tech N9ne] I was born Aaron Dantez Yates now this songs for Aaron Dantez mates (wait) If you ever been with me had some sex even kissed me spent some years with me or even a quickie trip thee way I handle the beast in me the piece in me and equally I chief to say the least women are weakin' in me since I was a little fella wanted me a female(a) izabella what the hell not one but it's more like twelve lemme tell ya hella, bitches love me ones and love me again while you're lovin' me I'm lovin' your friend ya'll just lovin' the sin and all that tech time you're lovin the spin but I ain't tryin' to be no husband again look at all this mud that i'm in and all this dirt that I do and this hurt put on you it's true worse that peppy le pue what I do to my ladies I remember the message I sent to ya I know you think I'm a friend to ya but I'm tryin to put it up into ya [Tech N9ne] A child of the ghetto my uncle explained it to me kick it with bitches the picture that he painted for me now that I'm a G I'm 'bout to go in a depth got low when I crept with a bitch you niggas ain't know when I slept (with who?) Sonya Tonya Vonya big booty Sandra Wonda Londa Rhonda Monya v-neck and Anya anxious to feel the pound between 'er kiss the crown on my weener once you lay down then you stuck with the killa clown, the nina witness my sickness this itches for the bitches with the quickness kisses for misses this clique is suspicious then I hit this but he really don't know I had the most ludacris fling with his girl I think the female is really the most beautifulist thing in this world they take of their shirt, take off their bra then let you take off they skirt and panties keep a nigga in awe in-between em' such a freedom is lovin' monsta' sex for them to let you inside em' is a fucking compliment [Tech N9ne] The homie say for true he sick cause he choose these chicks on the road and let them sut me pick they tellin' me I show my wife no fedelity and lost it literaly my way with women is costin' considerably bitter is he who loved and lost with the grudge and crost the moss in the land where the word lost is boss so we quest for love and flings with the finest this life can bring to ya true you two have a thing but i'll never ever be singula guess you can say it's the angel in me that got these bitches havin' dreams of mangelin' me I know it hurts it sucks for women but they let me thrust within em why do they lay with a snake? they can't stop they lust for venom but you will not forgive me baby you gots to admit we crazy because you bring me ya light and I'm just so dips and hazey my heart is massive but they want my dick bitch you ain't never felt no shit like this, so gimme a kiss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Agginy, Big Krizz Kaliko, The Philsta Album: Mizery Loves Pain Song I Can Feel It Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Agginy) I missed you so much I followed you to day You keep stayin' out all night and that ain't the way To keep a happy home so I'm strappin' up with chrome Telescopes with binoculours fuck I'm thinkin' bout knockin' ya Its apearent I'ma be a single parent So I'm hopin' that your snake as ways are not inherin' To my baby boy a daddy's little angel When I repave the drive way thats where your remains go So I can always have you near my dear And the foo you fuckin' has no idear Your brainiac maniac widower ex-husband to be Could buy me a ponto with the insurance policy Man sprinkle your teeth on the sea shore Axel natural and put up a 50 thousand dollar reward Yup diddy-dep few years and hes yours (express sample) You motherfuckers don't know who y'all fuckin' with! (Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko) Play wit matches you might get a fire Play wit emotions theres tears in your eyes Playin' with love and fo 'sho you gonna die She's so broken I can feel it (Verse 2: The Philsta) I can feel it when my man cheats it's a women's intuition And when you mess with dogs, dogs go in heat Creepin' on different days and different hours of the week A beautiful lie that got my heart caught up in heat I'm burnin', burnin' for revenge my hands clinched with my emotions Is takin' over the physically to hurt you again Watchin' your crib watchin' who comes through for you Got me runnin' around like a psycho chick two I'm seein' if ya lies really adds up to the truth I wanna know this girl who shares a special part of you homie Hopin' you understand you takin' a chance Between love and hate expect the unexpected from the gate You made yo bed now lie in it Thats the seed that you plant so you reppin' what is naturally god given What goes around comes around what can I say Cause when the rain come know that I'ma REALA HEY! (Hook) (2x) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) I'm talkin' about years, years of fidelity But what happens when jealousy enters to make her yell at me Tempers flair and we foul to be bindin' lookin' for hell and we find it Fallin' rapidly no time to be rewind it It's a never ending cycle when people choose to be spitefull And triflin' loosin' lovin' to a stinch of cheetin' is styflin' Life's been excitin' when wifein' 'em No more now you fightin' 'em Women can be the shit when you wipein' 'em Now its rotten relationship trust is forgotten And a nigga you found creepin' wit her is softer than cotton Cautious she get it popin' When the city-to-city hoppin' Extra activities stoppin' Your bitch can be boppin' Some might want to lose it and put a slug in his brain One in her's then yourself and you got 3 people slain Tecca Nina can't live with the pain That's why I say I'ma playa motherfucker and I bet I'll never change! (Hook) (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Misery Loves Kompany Song: Message to the Black Man Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [intro: Tech N9ne] this song is very close and dear to my heart, man to be able to say something like this it takes a hella motherfucker to say it this song is deticated to all my people its called "Message To The Black Man" check it out [chorus] my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you at my shows we've been all over the globe ya we been makin the doe but cha all spending it my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you up on my records if you at my shows y'all dont no I'm about to become boss and take control [1st verse Tech N9ne] it started on the slave shift if field niggas would eventually take the day shift would house niggas inside loyalty may shift and identify us now we still need a race lift fuck a face lift I ain't changing my identity for energy for any thats obsenity now in 2000 and 7 we sippin ain't no remidy jealousy indian murder like you in kinamy guess we ain't nigga we go hard in the paint nigga still when you see me out you ain't the one who faint nigga its the other fans from the other lands they listen to me more then my sister and brother man I could see if I was a wack mother fucker bitching about the way my people act mother fucker but I do spit my people dont be so fuck'n reclusive get off of your lazy ass like you know something about music [chorus] my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you at my shows we've been all over the globe ya we been makin the doe but cha all spending it my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you up on my records if you at my shows y'all dont no I'm about to become boss and take control [2nd verse Tech N9ne] you cry about the way I paint my face it ain't your taste well homie let my state my case im not a devil or damn jester roomers can fester never uplift a demond with an image of my ancester african act like you see me when you be traffican laughter when you frown up at me your hatrid is baffelin you watch american idol my people might paint the tribalin symbolizes not evil but that were still survival you niggas be so tuff the moment we roll up your upper lip rollled up you hatin me so wut everyone knows us my city is sold up my shows crushed but cha dont show up they say its more the money bitches whores its funny this is war my people at his door and I'm knocking mean wile we rocking globally and its sad man look like attandents got my people lookin real bad man [chorus] my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you at my shows we've been all over the globe ya we been makin the doe but cha all spending it my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you up on my records if you at my shows y'all dont no I'm about to become boss and take control [3rd verse Tech N9ne] I wouldnt be bitchin if I didnt want you around me the way you write me up as a demon astounds me brother linch, 40 water, federation, dmx buster rhymes, quincy, and x clan found me brother jay homie he whipped me till this day homie who you know is blacker then that with a staffer and lack my people up in the tragidy and they rap im immaculate maybe they grab it if I was blastin a mack attack and my people cuz I'm black and I'm leathel with this rap but I'm trapped but I'm crack why you be so close minded when I'm rhyme it wishing you could find it everybody but you mother fuckers get behind it and I'm doper then king nigga message to weed nigga rockin sold out shows is where I'm gonna nigga and thats all I sell out its something you should see nigga betcha would come see nigga if I told you it was free nigga [chorus] my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you at my shows we've been all over the globe ya we been makin the doe but cha all spending it my people you supposed to be my poeple ain't cha but my people ain't something that I see cuz they not never you up on my records if you at my shows y'all dont no I'm about to become boss and take control [outro] act like you know I'm your very own, motherfuckers ardcore shit, stop buying all that bootleg bullshit, too support your mutherfucking artist and big scoob said, when he finds out who's fuckin' bootlegin the summer edition, Rogue Dog shit hes at that motherfucking ass and I'm right behind his motherfucking ass, you dig me? Tech N9ne, Nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Like Yeah Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Verse 1] TECH N9NE!!! Technicians!!!! AHOO AHOO AHOO Hey It's time to get into some sin you been listening to jibberish hits in the interim them are done cuz here me come To make ya stand up, stand tough hands up, damn ya If you don't get it get rid of it trip if ya diggin it I guess I got more than my balls and my word I got broads in a herd chasing this and all of my nerves They got the illness, they feel this realness, chill bitch I got a bed it's too crowded for you to come get in it I spit that Tech shiza off to y'all it's crazy, even Michael Jackson said it's off the wall I'm with the sickness, big Tech's lidless, midwest I be best one for gunning nobody can get with it So when ya see me in the spot, bow down trick I eat drink sleep dress look, and sound rich So jump up get pumped up crunked up everyone must Stop with the jealously with me the haters be riveted K-I-L-L E to the R dot Just ain't fair that when I pop up the spot be LIKE YEAH!! Killer Killer it's the gorilla, and if they feel ya They screaming LIKE YEAH YEAH YEAH, LIKE YEAH YEAH YEAH Mister mister quick to get with ya chick if she get a whiff of this She'll be LIKE YEAH YEAH YEAH LIKE YEAH YEAH YEAH!! [Verse 2] I'm back with the heat and yes Young Fyre produced it With true spit I get lots of relish with Strange Music My crews thick, (thats right) Deuce Clik And guess who's with two chicks (Tech N9ne) In my lou of caribou sips The super dew lifts everybody in the party will lose it Vodka and Mountain Dew is the new shit Thanks to Icy Roc and Demonica we honor ya and I get so much money sometimes it feel like I'm wearing a yarmulke You cannot monitor my money I'll monetarily astonish ya So whats with the bad comments and all the drama for? I can produce a picture Stop with the truce and hit ya I'm at the top but I can be popping and shootin wit ya Chip on my shoulder now Mr nice guy its over wow To a ritzy and older style From ditsy and Gomer Pyle Look at my checks swell Chicks with wet tails Ready to rock it in my pocket Got the Trojan magnum XL's [Verse 3] Yeah, I think they wit me mayne Yeah, yeah, this is Kansas City mayne The industry's STILL punks, that's why they will slump but when we end this, drop all our records we will dump Havin a good time just stackin em with Travis we laid back Doin about a hundred 50 with slaps in the Maybach Hatas of course ya doubt, that I'm makin a warped amount I got Ozone, Murda Dog, double XL and Source accounts What's all the force about? Killer in and remorse is out FUCK ?Marshall Rammy? ya heard that, from the horses mouth That ain't comin from RBC, that ain't comin from Fontana It's comin from Strange Music's, Dontana, in a calm manner I'll say this in baritone, WE COME TO GET OUR CHEDDAH Huntin you in yo dreams, you wake up screamin in falseta MTV clipped me, birthday bash show I got fans like cat castro that'll boost my cash flow MTV completely we sick of it, you won't give a bit? Just look at my eyes and my blood and my ligaments you can see that Tecca Nina don't give a shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Shawnna Album: Killer Song: Wheaties Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Tech N9ne) My energy's pumping, it's finna be something to see cause when I be drunk then it's sin to be humping with me if women be crunk and authentic, we jump in the B in a minute, we bump into the finish, T punching the V like a prize fighter, eyes light up when I glide by the thighs try the size, why the cries? cause I be the pied piper wide or tighter I'm like a pie-diver, prize swiper rider all night to the hide hiker I been away for a long while sick of just being your phone-pal you might be needing your long towels when I get to you, it's on now, wow! better gas up when you with the king kong, gal get it, pivot, women digg it, lick it, then I hit it girl, that's my grown style I'm really gonna be living in what you're giving I'ma lower you like I'm Peppy Le Peau Give me the goodies, I wanna know if you wanna get on top of me No, I gotta be when I'm stepping to you Give it away to Nina, repeat it, I feel it up when I beat it you never want me to leave, but you gotta please me thorough if you wanna piece of a gorilla, you want it with Tecca Nina Better eat your Wheaties, girl! (Krizz Kaliko) Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties when you see me it won't be easy, yeah hope your intention ain't to tease me you wanna please me better eat your wheaties, girl (Shawnna) I know you want me baby do I make you horny baby? I can tell by your eyes, you want me to ride you like a horsey, baby better back up off me, baby oh, you're not the type to be scurred if you feel this, we can do it real big maybe you can meet me in the back of the G4 we can do it in the 'Lac on the D-low we can do it on the track for the people Seen you looking at the ass, we do it for the cash I throw it like craps at (??) Never had one like me, shorty when I'm done when the wife is shouting maybe thinking that she's like me but you see, it's just unlikely, shorty When I get him, I'ma get in the rhythmn and have him feeling like he never ever felt before get up in him and I fill him with venom and have him chillin' and drilling me from the night to the morn' baby, you gotta be taking over me, part of me, pardon me after he got me in the zone love it when he call me on the phone he never been in love so much, but see the body in a thong he like to put the nookie in his face and everytime I get out of line, he like to put me in my place he put me in the A, or should I say the 745 gotta .45 chillin' in the safe so whatcha wanna say? your boy wanna see me trying to meet me cause I'm on TV better believe I want you, and I finna come through cause I ate my Wheaties (Krizz Kaliko) Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties when you see me it won't be easy, yeah hope your intention ain't to tease me you wanna please me better eat your wheaties, girl (Tech N9ne) Since I gotta super label, and I got a big amount to pay the hand so can a nigga get a table dance? you looking hotter than Zatarains and I'm thinking of getting laid again I don't give a damn about who that belong to don't keep the Nina waiting any longer want to be the lucky one to get up on you c'mon, shake your booty, baby, do that conga! you dont wanna miss it, cause I'ma hit it, terriffic and I be so rugged, ya love it I'm, cock diesel,  me so, horny but don't be thinking I'm evil please your body, cause baby it's squisito don't get it twisted when you get with a nice cat give me what you want, cause they know when you like that but get up in the sack, you won't be able to fight that Brace on your neck and in your panties, an ice pack eat them Wheaties and really you can get power come in and get at you every motherfucking hour give you alot of it then we get up in the shower then hit Roscoe's on Sunset and (Gower)? Imma leave for a minute but imma be back you can videotape it, can't nobody see that eat your Wheaties, cause everyday ya need that so if'n you looking to see me, you better eat that (Krizz Kaliko) (??) did it, just so you know ain't no prison in the system that can hold a bro, no and I'm gon' hit, like I told you so don't be actin' like you forgot it, you're sposed to know, yo Baby, I hope you ate your Wheaties when you see me it won't be easy, yeah hope your intention ain't to tease me you wanna please me better eat your wheaties, girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Everybody Move Typed By: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Verse1) Tecca Nina's drunk as hell at 3 in the morning when you're snorin I just hit the after-spot without a warning Pop it off top it off if you're trippin knock it off Stop and go scrops in that spot just biancs and its hot its ma-lo-tav Girl lets get that poppin off I dont wanna hear that its gyna-cough How does it feel for you to be with the real on my heels then smack right-side a boss I'm mixin my liquor, bel-lig-er-ent stripper Spill diff-er-ent mixer, on my fav-or-ite kickers No more wishin to grip her, shes unzippin my zipper Not inchin to kiss her, but I'm fixin to twist her When they flaunt it I move on it dag gon it now who want it? Drank a lot of 151 Ima get it done its really foe when I be killin my opponent Dont be so damn cool, act a fool lets go coo koo jump get loose when anybody everybody move, move (Chorus) Dont be cool everybody move Dont be cool everybody move Dont be cool everybody move Everybody move, everybody move (x2) Hey oh hey (move) hey everybody move it If you ain't come to party tell me what you doin We come to kick it you should be kickin' it too it do it do it everybody move it Dont be so damn cool, act a fool lets go coo koo jump get loose when anybody everybody move (Verse 2) Check it out im fear-less N9ne's a sniper but never been off a rapper If I'm near death I'm a fighter but I spit off the clapper And I like weird sex I'm the piper women trip of the whacker Lookin for the beer fest Time to shiza or get of the crapper Man I move on a lady give her what she de-serve Try to win 'er, din 'er Oh what I bump in the night when I lie to be heard I'm up in 'er, spin 'er Drunk enough to lie to the bianc sayin' that I'll be her's 'Till I'm in 'er, sin 'er Then I get a yuc suck it up baby I'm a free bird Like Lynard Skynard All around the globe gotta get the dough What I do I'm moving I'm lookin out for the hoes Alaska Arkland Denmark shows Gott have a chick on the road becuase everybody knows Im a naughty naughty naughty, boy boy boy When I'm in aussie aussie aussie, oy oy oy Muevete [Chrous] Dont be cool everybody move Dont be cool everybody move Dont be cool everybody move Everybody move, everybody move (x2) Hey oh hey (move) hey everybody move it If you ain't come to party tell me what you doin We come to kick it you should be kickin' it too it do it do it everybody move it Dont be so damn cool, act a fool lets go coo koo jump get loose when anybody everybody move (Verse 3) It's 'pose to be over but I know the pre-moter So he pull the reloader Cause I'm sotally tober Now I close in on his bim-bo cause he froze when he chose her Swept his hoe and off of them toes Cuase he old and he oger Get a move on get right up in it cuase it'll never get better when you sittin by the minute cause instead of moving a mountain never stopping never let me listen finish and when it's competition I'm deomlishin it Everybody move to this get drunk hella booze to this Eeny, meeny, miney, moe time for you to choose a chick Time to take her home, beat it up like a fuselage I blow like I'm wa-wa god like allah ya da da him who hallah him better than ba-wa him full of shi-kaka Dont be so damn cool, act a fool lets go coo koo jump get loose when anybody everybody move, move (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Paul Wall, The Popper Album: Killer Song: Get the Fuck Outta Here Typed by: Jano342000@hotmail.com [Intro] Get the fuck outta here (Nina) Get the fuck outta here (Popper) Get the fuck outta here (Wall) Get the fuck outta here [Tech N9ne] Ima spitter, you other cats beyond litter Thats prolly why just penny pushin' and I'm bigger So you hate on me cuz you lack paper and I'm gritter Wit two biancas on my arms like John Ritter Oh my goodness is they talkin shit again When I been playa on the day I became a U.S. citizen Haters keep wishin Ima take a loss but I'm finishin Killer but scriller just like Percy Miller No Limits den I aim for digits, 100% of my people came to get it He used to be bigger but then became a midget taken out of the game, livin lame and live it So we gotta hate on the next man, cuz he don't got the money We left'em at the bottom and now he's the ex tech fan Get the fuck outta my face, I'm winnin its not a mistake You gotta be hot sittin watch me ex-pand You take falls and I take her and take draws They give you the wait stall, they give me the mate calls (Ooh Baby!!) You ye tall love is meet but hates yall Thats why Ima take all, wit Pops and the Great Wall nigga! If fraud is what you sellin (Get the fuck outta here) When they lie you got to tell'em (Get the fuck outta here) If you steppin to me wrong (Get the fuck outta here) You aint got to go home but get (The fuck outta here) Tell'em what to do (What) x3 Get the fuck outta here Tell'em what to do (What) x3 Get the fuck outta here Tell'em what to do (What) Get the fuck outta here Get the fuck outta here (Tell'em what to do) x2 You aint got to go home but get the fuck outta here [The Popper] I stay in the zone like 28's in a baggie A veteran stands here rookie niggas at ease (Yes sir) Grab these shove your middle fingas in the sky Tell it like it is when I rap so yall identify Start from the ground formulate a enterprise Get outta here before you get punished and penalized I've been advised to stay in this lane homie I swear when I rap I say its not a thang phony I'm icy, I'm shinin though I aint got a chain on me  Even when I'm inside of this booth I keep my thang on me And when it rains on me I don't complain homie Eliminate the prob so I don't have the strain on me I talks a bunch of shit, the haters wan flamethrow me Rappers ain't got the balls, or the gall to place they aims on me Get the fuck outta here tell'em Wall told ya Yo Popper done deal any one of yo soft soldiers [Chorus w/ Paul Wall over chorus] Yea, Paul Wall, Tech N9ne, Popper, Swishahouse/TF [Paul Wall] I do this for my patnaz standin out there on the block  And I do this for them haters on the sideline that knock Despite what be sayin I just cant seem to stop Gettin this guap I got a lot, patna I'm almost to the top I gotta cop new watch or fresh grill and new clothes I'm tryin to come down candy low sideways on foes I gotta get that bread it me money ova these hoes Cuz my fans be turnin into foes and harsh words lead to blows They mad at me cuz I'm da shit while dey just shit And I get up off my ass and get it while dey just sit Dey upset cuz I'm gettin bread, While they layin in bed Even though I started off at the bottom I'm hundred miles ahead Cuz I'm the man mayne, but they washed up down the drain They hate me cuz they aint me but please make no mistake They knock me but can't stop me cuz I'm Paul Wall the Great baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: The Waitress Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Hi, may I take your order?) Dwamn! Hey, that's all I'ma say right now I'm at a loss for words, girl, you, girl, gon' take that bow You lookin... boy, my lady would hate this If she knew that I was out with her but I'm trippin off the waitress [ VERSE 1 ] Woo shit! Who's this? Baby, why you do this? I'm sittin here with another female and it's 'posed to be exclusive Beauty, fully loaded booty hips and thighs  I want a raspberry lemonade, baby, and whatever yo name is on the side You speak unique, beautiful teeth I just peeped It's makin me weak to the point I can't even eat Cause you give me butterflies, them butter thighs need to be publicized A wonderful face and waist that's great and there's no mistake that I love the eyes Never like them other guys, cause when I want it I'm on it The way I'm watchin you feel uncomfortable, don't it? But I'm thinkin you should be in movies and this you need to quit Then suddenly under my table I got a kick [ HOOOK ] I'm with my girlie but I'm lookin at the waitress I'm at a business meeting trippin off the waitress Can't think of eatin, man, my girl will really hate this I'm sittin here with her but starin at the waitress And I like the way the waitress (work that, work that) Come get your money, girl, and (work that, work that) I really like the way you (work that, work that) Can I get you on the floor? (Work that, work that) The waitress got it goin on [ VERSE 2 ] Take my order anytime, I come here many times A week so she can give me mine, baby girl is plenty fine Business meeting, capital grin, was sippin when she caught my eye When she came over to us I said, "Can I get yo number on the fly?" Smell like no other, look like she strip undercover Wish I could follow her home and just say thank you to her mother Another interested brother who'd love to become your lover Burn rubber to the spot to tell my dogs how much I dug ya Outta here but I'm not gonna leave this place without gettin in yo face I'm not a disgrace so I gotta see how you taste And I move at a puma's pace So baby please if you find the time to get up out the weeds I wanna make you my squeeze cause these other chicks you supercede I call her waitress and homie, I call him server The waiter's a bloody murder, I never wanna hear no murmur no further Cause she's bliss, I'm tryin to get in yo knicks I want you so my order you can 86 [ HOOOK ] [ VERSE 3 ] And don't be tippin her below 20 percent She need plenty for rent, leave her with pennies, then see her vent To get money's her purpose, you don't tip, go get burgers Believe her's is for TIPS meaning Tuition Ensuring Prompt Service I'm nervous cause I'm gawkin mom's curvage I'm beyond flirtish, us hookin up we both concert it Where you get that smell from? She would never tell one But she told me this, she say me she liked me cause I'm well done Now your girl lookin real, real stanky, ain't she? Cause she know you lookin at the waitress thinkin hanky-panky Her attitude is wonderful, even got the strength to thank me Even though she a single parent breakin her back but ain't so cranky I had to make her my girl, now she gon' eat with me Southern booty, mane, I truly never need to flee I'm stayin focused, the waitress got me posted But dwamn, look at that booty on the hostess... [ HOOOK ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Crybaby Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com I was born in 71' in Kansas City, MO my momma was a heavenly one, so the fam was pretty slow when it came to rap and R&B and plenty more check it, if it wasn't on gospel or apostle or written in the Bible, then it go So when they tell the baby don't do something then I end up doing it anyway like, don't listen to rap, it's the evil music of today but, I really fell in love with the sound that was coming out form the East Coast So we got it and twisted it up a bit, now the industry's having a heatstroke Some say that rap is dead, but when I get the white, black, and red and jump on the tour bus through 58 shows, then I'm back with a big black sack of bread Can't believe that that was said, cause Im here with a stack of fed and I got it from rap/hip-hop or whatever and I did not have to beg So, here I stand, the mic in hand with my rap attire and I like my fans spending grands cause we got the fire our merchandise, like 5 G's every half an hour and you cry like a baby so your mic must be your pacifier When I read the magazine, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Crybaby) When I see them on the TV, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Whatcha crying bout?) (x2) If it's negative, I don't wanna hear it eliminating player haters with their evil spirits I hear em talkin, they mad at Smurf and Souljah Boy They hating big in the magazine, and dont even know the boys  I know the ploy, washed up rappers wanna attack people Run up to the car, pull out the mac lethal  Man thats a problem with the black people now  What ya need to know is that, in the world theres a lot of dough to stack  And the ones that wanna hold us back aint been outside they cul-de-sac  Every nigga I know is strapped, rip shows that'll blow ya back  But notice that, I can put it right down to where the shoulders at  Hating on the south? Why? Trippin off them chips they got  You don't like that it's screwed and chopped but you wanna get off in they pot Wanna be MC you talk a lot, up in the spot and you hot  Cause they 84's be poking out What the hell is you cryin bout?  Everybody wanna be killa but not for reala bout the method of making money you gotta get the milla by doin it like I do it do the work and believe in it  when you do it to the fullest aint no problem achieving it When I was broke, homie I went for mills  Got on the mic with the intent to kill  Stronger than ever, and you a gimp for real  I drink caribou lou, and you drink enfamil CHUMP When I read the magazine, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Crybaby) When I see them on the TV, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Whatcha crying bout?) (x2) You should be clapping when folk make it up outta the ghetto or trailer park, it don't matter even if he black or if he guero but, you don't know how to be male instead of a Timberland, you probably in a stilletto better yet in a baby shoe, jealous of maybe you sick of me cause I'm making dinero and you dont wanna get clapped at you want a standing ovation? I thought not! you say you better than rappers on radio, man that's false chop try to run up on me, cause a benzo will never be in your car slot try to step up on the scene, my infra-red beam's right at your soft spot if you was on TV and balling you wouldn't grown and trip he'd keep hatred, envy, and bloodshed on his lip Tech got long cream with chrome things on his whip (????) with a chrome thing on his hip but just know your hip will not stop the hop cause when you look at the big picture, my block pops alot daily so keep on thinking my clock stops the shots and I can quickly bury you in your Osh Kosh B'Gosh, baby When I read the magazine, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Crybaby) When I see them on the TV, them rapper's sounding like WAH WAH WAH (Whatcha crying bout?) (x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Mr. Stinky Album: Killer Song: Shit Is Real Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) It's friday night and I Got my check man I Damn I really need a (PARTY!) So when the weekend come I'm tryin to get deep in some (ALL NIGHT ALL DAY!) Tryin' to break the monotony Get away from my property Ain't no way that you stoppin' me At a party I got to be But the check was a shock to me That won't let my velocity slow Wanna party with me let me know (Bridge 1: Tech N9ne) We party cause we in pain We party to celebrate To keep from goin insane We party just to escape  No matter how much the cost Regardless of what it takes You call my phone and it's off I'm tryin' to numb the mistakes But if you fell like you chill put yo cups up But if you ill about yo bills and it's just touch Take a drink but don't spill This ain't no time to be still Fuck the world what you know and realize shit is real (Hook: Tech N9ne & Krizz Kaliko) Shit is real (20X) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) Saturday night and I  Still got some check man I Damn I really need a (PARTY!) Now that the weekends here It's time for the cheefin' and beer (ALL NIGHT ALL DAY!) Whether you puff or you're drinkin' When life is tough we go seekin' Somethin' to thrust or go deep in Work is rough with no frekin' So we lustfully speakin' Girl you whats up for the weekend? Plan a trip to Las Vegas A room at the venetian Lets go (Bridge 2: Tech N9ne) We party cause we in pain We party to celebrate To keep from goin' insane We party just to escape No matter how much the cost Regardless of what it takes If you're found or you're lost Hey baby these are the breaks But if you good it's understood that you prosperous We from the hood and drinkin' good means alot to us Put away yo knife and yo steel Have some fun and you'll feel Like a shield has been lifted Yet and still shit is real (Hook) (20X) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) Sunday night and I  Blew my check man I Damn I really wanna (PARTY!) Now that the weekends done  I'm tryin' to sleep in some (ALL DAY ALL NIGHT!) Hey yo this songs for the strong Not for the backboneless Workers who don't make enough for they own But give to the homeless atonment For the wrong that has grown Strong for the long Spent time for dime You better take advantage of this moment yo (Bridge 3: Tech N9ne) We party cause we in pain We party to celebrate To keep from goin' insane We party just to escape No matter how much the cost Regardless of what it takes Never put your trust in the state They not controllin' yo fate But if you made it then i'll say you did yo thang today But if you lost it then i'll say party yo pain away Do your job for your skrill Don't lose control of the will It's sunday night but on monday realize shit is real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brother J, Ice Cube, Big Krizz Kaliko Album: Killer Song: Blackboy Typed by: J_KAY_13@yahoo.com [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] And I was told in school I was a fool and money, I'd never gain none but I used my flow as a tool, they was cruel said I'd be no rapper, but I did work and became one Now it's a cryin shame, I'm buyin thangs and they got debts they got to pay back I think I know why my teachers would look in my eye and say that... And why's that? [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 2 - Tech N9ne] It must be the way that my pants sag or the sparklin diamonds on the watch my left hand has I know my appearance is looking like I am bad In your department store all I wanna do is pop a damn tag Made it honest, that's why the blacks get mad at you Even foreigners shop and got big graditude I make more than you, but you got the additude Like I can't be shoppin at Saks Fifth Avenue I'm just tryin to buy my baby some creed spring flower But they don't know that the Tecca Nina cheese means power So they look at me like none of my breed brings valor Thats why when you see us in passing we seem sour Last time I checked, my power shockeras I was on top of the indy charts and not a slotera but I'm the author of darkness and I like the opera So why when I'm at Macbeth they wont treat me more propera? [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 3 - Brother J] Frontline... shoot, soldiers represent that Frontline... shoot, Grand Verb, it's the snatch back Head wrapped in the desert, boombox on the camel back Escape from the clone lab, fugitives spook black With finesse in you, its the knowledge from way back The prophet of the page dont eat right till it all cracks Blackboy rappin from the pages torn Street scriptures more classic than the Jimmy Cracked Corn A spawn of the movement, keep the music movement So my purpose stays clear and my music stays groovin I do it for the real, I don't need Jena Six for me to know America is still on that bullshit So people think that black are just ball players and singers That massa complex is what fuels the street bangers and street soldiers to stand up No choice to get it right, so these Blackboys can finally get they man up [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy [Verse 4 - Ice Cube] I'm a Blackboy and always gettin underestimated But when I move next door, I know you hate it You had my whole family investigated and when they didn't find no crack, you said I ate it Uh-uh, a motherfucker just elevated over ghetto life that was designated You see this Blackboy, you know heaven made it I don't want to go if I got to integrate it You know pellot boy, be happy you made it Just take what you got, and stop complainin Ok, weather man will stop the rainin on my people head, and start explainin what your people said, believe in the bible but you still act barbaric and psycho My name is Ice Cube, bitch, it ain't Michael I'll never bleach my own skin just to be like you [Chorus - Big Krizz Kaliko] Cuz I'm a Blackboy... Came from nothing, don't mean my life means nothin Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin? (I do) See I'm a Blackboy... Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie Little whiteboys want to be me but you don't want to go through What I go through... true definition of a Blackboy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Scarface Album: Killer Song: Pillow Talkin Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Verse 1) Tech N9ne If you you see thunda From a gun this is somethin that'll get the heat on ya when she's under the sheets on the beautiful sleep numba Don't no wake an yappin when she's in a deep slumba If we share secret And the scare, was equal to one of us gettin the chair do you swear to keep it (YES) Meaning that under heat you wouldn't nare leak it SO when your woman's in you're presence don't you dare speak it Pillow talkin get you caught up an brought up on charges Shot up a lot and departed, it's nothin short of retarded Cause when you say stuff And then you an your woman break up You funkin because your mouth wouldn't stay shut How could you spread that? Can't believe you said that Puttin my life in jeapordy definetely it'll make the feds tap-Bed trap What you tell your lady can make you take a dead nap Fluff up your pillow an lay your head back (Chorus) YOU Be pillow talkin You Don't be pillow talkin (Don't say nothin) YOU Be pillow talkin You Don't be pillow talkin (Verse 2) Scarface My advice for niggas is this You can never trust no chick It don't matter how silky the hoe can stroke yo dick It don't matter how slimy the pussy hole gone get If a nigga talks to these bitches these hoes gone snitch (SHiiit) I used to fuck this bitch Had a husband with dope money an I had his snow bunny Climbin the bed post Feedin her dog meat In love with the nine inch, so she steady calls me Tells me she's leavin, I know the reason She know where the guns at, the lock box keys an The floor safe combo But this here one ho, was this dudes bad news Knock on the front door A man in a police suit, a girl with a black tooth (??) Get to the money she saw him countin in the back room But it doesn't end hear, the man with the cop suit Shoots at the bitch once, pops an drops dude (Chorus) (Verse 3) Tech N9ne I can tell you what the problem is People try to be monogomous Tell his woman a lot of shit An he thinkiin he got a bottom bitch Stop with the sentimental talks at night if you're pillow talkin then you oughtta quit When the heat comes with the quickness, lookin for the witness man yo broad is it How you wanna spit it? I don't really get it Givin your woman the power to speak in a minute Speakin about a brotha wanna cover ya motha with the nina but you the only one know I really did it When it come back then you feel low Because everyone know you aint real though Cause them beans you spillin You known for squealin an all you needed was a pillow I shoulda did the dirt, all by my lonely Like Trech say But the company that you keep end up bein phony, so the tech spray Never let no chick I hit get with that homie Cause the next day, she seein right through me Got them lenses on me, like an X-Ray An I'm fed up with these rappers Who be yappin to these groupies They flash them a little coochy Then you blab an try to reduce me And it always come back to me So when I come through strapped with an uzi It aint like "Damn why'd he shoot me?" Usin the nueve name too loosely (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Dirtball Album: Killer Song: Paint a Dark Picture Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com Man lives In a sun lit world Of what he believes to be reality But There is unseen by most An underworld that is just as real But not as brightly lit a DARKSIDE I can write a verse and take the sun away... DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today... DARKNESS Ain't no smiling happiness is done away... DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away... DARKNESS [Tech N9ne] I don't really give of fuck what you think of me I had it up to here. yep. Follow me into another de-mention of insanity's right here. step... I know your feelin it I'm lovin you when I'm kissin n fuckin you n in a minute I'm a veer left An by the pluck of the jugular see the blood of my lover and then I finish when your near death I'm sorry but I mean it cause when I got the tool on bitch I got bulimic up in her like a gynecologist with a penis And when they bled on me I was giddy and never squeamish Bad as a demon I cannot get rid of her I really rely on the feelin of the sex an the red of a woman Can I take a bite of your cerebellum I think it'll really get me up if I could be suckin your seratonin Id rather just die than inflict any pain on somebody who truly put trusted me Better yet I just make her the suffer who taught me mocked me n fucked with me Maybe get up in the club and shoot it up and makem panic at the disco... (backwards) I can paint a dark picture You don't want me to start with, cha Don't want me commin with the heart, hit cha Chew you up and if you really tart, spit cha After the brain I put the lemon moraine in Blood of a dame is what I drain my fang's in Takein the spirit and the body it came in Away from the sun n forever you can remain in (Chorus) I can write a verse and take the sun away... DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today... DARKNESS... Ain't no smiling happiness is done away... DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away. DARKNESS I can write a verse and take the sun away DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today DARKNESS Ain't no smiling happiness is done away DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away DARKNESS [Dirtball] When I'm all up on a pallet a pain with blood of my name in vain sun up in it Imna break it down the walls n try to stop me from poppin my gun up in it Skits onta me honor me for the time never given to the rhyme in another mind lookin like a nice guy Behind the face be the beast of another motherfucker that be heard the least So many here me when I say they can that I remember everybody that layd me astray. yo fuckem Nobody but my closest know about my darkness and when they fall away. yo fuckem I'm to sick that I never checked outa my mental-ward working in sweden Burin the bodies this song made my memory feedm ghost made me loud and I'm proud I can see them I don't even wanna talk about it but I do it for the demons and the devils alive Hopein that the nonbelievers get a number two in the eye please try to die save me the time When I make a move when I'm commin through I'm a stay devoted to rhyme [x9] Devoted to mine hex sign ruda wicked I'm a be forever de-dine Picture this my wrist silt pissed off I'm hangin from a meat hook Yo I'm bangin on a meat hook it's the twist this chapter ya miss the darker the venom of a main hook book I'm tellin everybody I'm not doin so well I'm feelin my noggin to you better watch ya self Sub-noise when I'm bangin on a tech set best believe the dark times are here my lips eclipse everything (Chorus) I can write a verse and take the sun away DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today DARKNESS Ain't no smiling happiness is done away DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away DARKNESS I can write a verse and take the sun away DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today DARKNESS Ain't no smiling happiness is done away DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away DARKNESS (Tech N9ne) I'm your worst fear I'm your favorite I'm your acquired taste Will you savor it If it blood thirst will you run from it No need cause I'm inside of you When the sun is spit You cannot escape me I'm your last resort your When you have a evil you cannot report I'm your royal sunshine malicious and heartless If ever you need an alibi rely on me I am DARKNESS I can write a verse and take the sun away DARKNESS Say good bye to light bcause it's gone today DARKNESS Ain't no smiling happiness is done away DARKNESS Watch me paint a pic that'll make you run away DARKNESS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Hope for a Higher Power Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Chorus) If there is a final hour Let's hope for a higher power 1 by 1 and 2 by 2 I have ammo what about you (x2) (Verse 1) Grandma told me the good book said in the last days get ready for the ten plagues 1st the rivers will be ran with red 2, 3, and 4 dead frogs will cause lice and flies sick livestock is 5 the living they must fight for their lives 6, 7, and 8 a boil storms a fire and locusts 9 is darkness so dark it's hard for you to focus and 10 is death of the firstborn If I said it was questionable the religions would make it a point to get at me and battle me maybe have this verse torn How will this curse form? Well creation is a bendarwinism{?} been at it forever bout at it I got nothin but hurt for em Cuz really nobody knows when you live then you die where your body goes if it's Hell or it's Heaven 6 or the 7 well I'll keep the nina for our be foes in a gamble that's what life is and it's hard to handle when the bible says worship this by the scriptures written by man though So when man destroys us the word might not stand so till that day I'm just gon protect my fam with ammo (Chorus) (VERSE 2) Ive been looking for something supernatural for a long time now but I never got proof that a spiritural realm existed wanted to find how everybody sure of a supreme being, are people just seeing things? wondering if we get wings, seems sick to believe in an extreme king I know it sounds far fetched, every night i put knees on the carpet then I pray to who's up with the star set cuz the earth in its self is a target for destruction, for cumbustion cuz there aint too many you can trust in think of all the women losing their husbands in Iraq a lot of killing and suffering what i hope for, seems folklore when the enemy kills and gloat more cuz they killin us off in this hoax war then I wake up yellin and my throats sore cuz the fight's there, its a nightmare if it come to me I'm in my snipe wear if a bullet give my lung a slight tear I wanna believe that the light's there so all you christians don't get mad at me i just hope that your mystical, magical miracle's workin catastrophies and this ain't blasphemy, but artilery is my strategy I hope for a higher power when i look at all these tragedies (Chorus) (Verse 3) oh what a miracle, angels and demons but the only miracle is that people keep believin right hand on the bible, left hand on my rifle keep that for my rivals and evil desciples expand your mission, man to women when they attack do you plan to give in or do you do like i do and say praise the lord and pass the ammunition people like us piece and knife up cuz we got evil to sweep and wipe up devils and demons and humans, irrelevent if they lookin deceiving i bust I hope that the higher power is watching over me cuz we young people don't see faith like most the older see if he or she is listenin a mere sign can spark me but if the laws in the bible are bogus then prepare for anarchy worst case scenario is there never ever was a higher power so in the midst of chaos now the only real savior is fire power (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Psycho Bitch II Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com, dino@barjack.org Oh shit! Here we go again... When you met her she was right, so thick Something better than a wife, no glitch She wants forever but she might go click If you leave her you'll see a PSYCHO BITCH Now she's calling your crib at night, so sick Wanna pop up and tryina fight your chick Lorena Bobbit told her to slice your dick If you ever break up with a PSYCHO BITCH Don't gimme that shit why a nigga don't care, never coulda be there That I was up in the middle of a game of double dare when I woke up I was motherfucking nightmare How you gonna fuck me on Sunday When you wanna say you love me on Monday, you bugging! Thinking everybody gotta bow down cause you off with your loving If you on your telephone and then she lose it when you using it If you sleep don't leave it on nigga, for true she will go trough with it If she, call a bitch back from your phone and chew the chick a new uterus Even if that situation is not lewd the bitch is ludicrous Mad when you got a better bitch around Sad cause you never wanna kiss her now Never would have got up in the woman if I knew it about the menace then I'd never dicked her down If she taking Seroquel and Fluanxol the bitch probably stop and then try to catch ya Sleeping with a beauty itching to get ya  You better hope you never leave on a stretcher If you with a psycho don't go through with it, be through with it Right in the midst of happiness her mood'll switch she'll ruin it You think that you know women and that you're so intuitive  Bet that nigga didn't think at the end of this you would have to shoot a bitch Please, don't bring that psycho shit to me (I love you, why don't you love me?) Never ever go down low with a - PSYCHO BITCH Better never ever go out with a - PSYCHO BITCH Everybody better learn how to see a - PSYCHO BITCH Never know when your girl might be a psycho... Cause your bitch is psycho too, psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) Cause your bitch is psycho too, psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) Yo, she poppin up at the club, looking for when the roll is in And when the push comes to shove, here you go on the floor with this ho again Psycho bitches never let it go, trippin's inevitable Be ready to get up and go (Why?) Cause Tecca Nina just said that it's so! Break in my crib, sniffing my drawers looking for white bitch hair on my balls Tripping with you when you out with the family She get it poppin right there in the mall Fuck with the bitch is definite Better watch who the you steeping with Fuck attention deficit, better watch who the fuck you messing with Just because I fuck you, that don't mean we getting married ho, The way you sit around the corner from my house is scary though Psycho bitches when it comes to relationships is very slow, Bitch'll never understand it's over until you buried low No, don't be up in the MySpace figuring out  Tripping with strippers you thing I'm digging out Me saying that I'll never be taken by the hands of another man is a bad omen Cause you never know, it might just be by the hands of a woman - psycho bitch... Please, don't bring that psycho shit to me (I love you, why don't you love me?) Never ever go down low with a - PSYCHO BITCH Better never ever go out with a - PSYCHO BITCH Everybody better learn how to see a - PSYCHO BITCH Never know when your girl might be a psycho... Cause your bitch is psycho too, psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) Cause your bitch is psycho too psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) Stop calling me never really wanna hear no heartfelt shit You ain't healthy for me, and bitch I'm on a health kit Psycho Bitches are self-destructive, weak and helpless I'm done with you bitch now you can let somebody else hit She so sick with it, I stick hit it, and dick fitted Never did I think for a minute to quick quit it Chick is only living and driven to get hitted Turn around and flip and get you in deep shitted But she wasn't better to get you indebted You can make paper and money of men sinning You can run a bitch by adjusting her antennas  But if she's demented you better forget it She's psycho like Michael you might go wake up to knifes and rifles  When your eyes low she's liable like I know to move on you like Tae Bo Even I know this sly ho like rivals be and turn you in to 5-0 Either that you turn your back and the bitch attack with a blade up in your spinal She'll illicit them phone calls, don't stop with them harassing threats When the vision was them drawers and me plotting on having sex Got me tripping, fist in a ball, something gon' happen next I'mma kill this crazy bitch, and give her back to Tech Please, don't bring that psycho shit to me (I love you, why don't you love me?) Never ever go down low with a - PSYCHO BITCH Better never ever go out with a - PSYCHO BITCH Everybody better learn how to see a - PSYCHO BITCH Never know when your girl might be a psycho... Cause a bitch is psycho too, psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) Cause a bitch is psycho too psycho too Killa with a milla put a knife in you, twice in you (psycho bitches, psycho bitches) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi Album: Killer Song: Poisonous Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] Now you know that I'll never give you anything that will hurt you, right baby? So try this ... yeah ... yeah ... you like that? [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] I saw you back where we began Then you took me for a spin and captivated, brought me in and now See I still watch you from a distance Lost in you, lose all resistance Poisonous the way you took me out Cause yoooooooooooooou ... got the best ... of me Cause yoooooooooooooou ... got the best ... of me [Tech N9ne] Nina! I'm like a walking drug I can make your lady pop X, want sex from a nigga like me I can feel her nightly, even make her fall off in love Get away lost off in hugs, stalking blood for an awesome plug This is addictive, vicious and wicked slick talking stud I take good gals, recruit 'em, pollute 'em Put X in they wood valve, to shoot 'em, they chewed 'em up and true enough, they would be popping, dropping, pursuing us Plus screwing the crew and such, a ruined slut living through a nut That was then but now I see 'em, they be on the same shit Brainless, itching to get that quick trip, wanna be painless I don't fuck wit it no more, but I can arrange it I was like Dracula attacking her, when I give her game, hella vain language It was they choice to trip, I kept her moist and slick Now she's an annoying chick, I started avoiding Miss Give her them toys and split I polluted so many women with bad habits and drugs, I guess I'm poisonous [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] [Liz Suwandi harmonizes to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Kutt Calhoun Album: Killer Song: Too Much Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] From the deepest, darkest part of Misery Never seen before Never heard before Talent beyond this world Bow down for royalty Tech N9ne the King Krizz Kali' the Czar Kutt Calhoun the Prince Too much to comprehend [Krizz Kaliko] There's not quite enough for me But anyone with eyes can see [Chorus: Tech N9ne] I'm too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya [Tech N9ne] Prepare for the ending This is the pinnacle All hail the King, Tech N9ne Ain't nobody better, we coming cleverer than ever Going head up with competitors and leveling 'em We put 'em through the shredder, we got the lever to sever any brethren who stepping with the Devil and uh I'm sick of everybody thinking they ready for the work of a killer and feeling they ill, and not saying a thing Gotta give it up when the skill is incredible Death is inevitable if you got trouble obeying the King I guess when I bust I'm too much for ya I cuss when I must, I'm too rough for ya Tecca Nina, when I'm flowing it's a rush for ya Other rappers on the planet, you a customer Cause you buy it and bite on me, put your recorder right on me cause you really ain't the shit and you stuck in debris Now the people got the light on me, I'm about to fight on the mic and you knowing ain't nobody fucking with me Automatically haters be mad at me when I be ripping it Niggas get to tripping cause I'm living it up Got the industry in the palm of my hand and I promise I can't offend a fan when I say I'm not giving a fuck I'm bout the music and doing it, when the people that ruin it When they listen it be driving me crazy I'm different and people, they call me evil and devil I'ma let 'em see the level of animal it made me Cause I don't give a fuck, I just bust your crew up Leave 'em in the dust and must chunk the juice up Nina, Krizz and Kutt, we upchuck the new stuff Never can ya touch or crush us we TOO MUCH!! Why do we even do it when you don't get it? It's like beating a dead fucking horse Constantly giving you elite shit and only a handful of you get it [Chorus: Tech N9ne] Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) Too much for ya (too much) [Krizz Kaliko] And I can paint a picture of words So if you understand what you heard [Kutt Calhoun] Saying that you want it? I'm thinking that we way too much for ya Setting the bar that we bout to raise too much for ya Dolby in Digital, got to pay some bucks for the clarity and the intricate spray (blahh blahh) However they want it mayne, I'ma hit 'em with the bizness Blood living could be the reason you did begun tripping A lotta forgotten too busy rotting in the mud rivers was niggas who got it twitted thinking they the niggas Belvee' and Mountain Dew, out of my bodily City of fountains, you think you hard but you hardly compare to a rare brother, I swear that no nan other can weather a Liz-thiz-nethal Weapon like Dan Glover (Dangerous with this flow) come and +Kutt+ you like I'ma (Insane, a beast in beast mode) and know you fucking with the (Main, the beast, the sheets show) and I'll be motherfucking (Naming pieces, it's old) I'm too much for ya [Tech N9ne] I don't give a fuck, I just bust your crew up Leave 'em in the dust and must chunk the juice up Nina, Krizz, Kutt, we upchuck the new stuff Never can you touch or crush us, we too much Nina, Kali' and Kutt, ain't nobody fucking with us! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: I Love You But Fuck You Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Intro) Damn, my brand new Benz thinkin' bout my so called friends and why should I make amends when they crossed the nina and sin again and again and again. I love em dearly, but hear me, they burn severely I'm weary to the point that I really don't want not one of them, none of them near me Did trust you, but whats new for real Yeah, I love you, but fuck you for real I love you but fuck you, I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, kinda strange how you came at me I love you but fuck you, I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, things will never be the same with me I love you but fuck you, I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, kinda strange how you came at me I love you but fuck you, I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you, things will never be the same with me [Verse 1] Met you at a rock show, November no Octo Took pictures then locked yo numbers and then got low Called you up a lot though, found out that you not ho Several trips to my show, shot me with your cross bow We used to kick it in packs, whites and blacks triple stacks and fat sacks, we matched, we relaxed to kiss but I never twist 'er, she wished for the better mister I mixed the lady with my kid brother and miss, she became my sister For a minute but then my lady started recievin' that snitch by the nigga on tour, you wanna be the reason that split You started believin that bitch in San Jose, you gripped what the damn ho say You flipped like a man will stay, no trips, never sanjo pay We dipped, used to play for you, even used to pray for you never dap cuz you wanted to spit in my face, it was up up up and away for you I hate this, I was real so why fake shit? You lost her, so go fuck them bitches on myspaces [Verse 2] Every show was a different face, but these two were from a distant place Followed my tour got a quick embrace, never woulda thought I had to give them space Father and daughter, loved me to death, never cared that blood be the set Just lovin' the Tech, shrugs in regret when I found out papa kinda had the husband effect Everybody seen it, but I didn't believe it. Everybody got it but never did I receive it His dream was for me to fuck Miss Thing But she looked fifteen, baby girl was nineteen But instead of givin' her dick I rather give her ice cream Now I'm trippin cuz her pops just tried to auction her off but it turns out he was knockin her off. I had to stop and I cough Cuz that daddy turned out to be the boyfriend Guess he was gettin him a little bit extra when he brought the toys in Ya lied to me, did it fuck wit the Nina, sure it did Ya'll made me question what ya motive is Don't cry Ally, but my temper was flared and scared also To see ya guess I'll see ya in the crowd like Where's Waldo [Verse 3] I love you cuz you married me when I needed therapy Let me move in with you be my wife, you wasn't scared of me But fuck you because you say, if you don't get a job today better kick rock wasn't hard to say when you knew I rap my heart away I love you cuz you sexy, love you cuz you beautiful Love you cuz way back in the day, you thought that I was suitable But Fuck You, you treated me, stupid and conceitedly I wasn't very smart, but a genius you wanted me to be I love you cuz you strong, I love you cuz your real Because you forgave me when I cheated and popped them pills But fuck you for bringin' up shit that happened years ago Chances of us gettin back, its gonna take a miracle You live in the past, I'm givin the gas and cash How many niggas do that without you givin' the ass? And I ask you what other nigga, would step up with the love to give her G's in the house for you and the kids and even for your brother nigga Enjoy the dough you get, cuz I don't owe you shit You was unhappy wit me, so you split You need to show me some love, ma, and I don't mean that I wanna fuck you Just acknowledge me takin care of you because I'll, I.. [Tech N9ne] Verse One, I ain't never spoke nothin but highly about you but you gonna believe a bitch you never met, that's hardcore shit baby Verse Two, I mean, ya'll lied to a nigga I mean, that was foul shit you did, man I don't know what the fuck your motive was but it hurt me real bad cuz I trusted you motherfuckers Verse Three. I Know I fucked our marriage up But you can't live in the past You either gotta let that shit go, or let me go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: One Good Time Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com Just give me one good time Nobody is looking at me anyway Nobody is looking at me anyway Yo Yo [Verse 1] I know that I'm hardcore Know how to start wars Know how to scar yours in a fist fight Cause toughness is our floor Warriors that bar nor But this one is far tore up on this night Some people show it and then Some people hide it But other people they do it whenever they get excited but me I can't even do it when the wrongs on mine I'm saying I've been trying to do it for a long long time I get jealous when I see people do it and it's like fluid I'm thinking How can they swallow that when I can't even chew it I guess God seen it fit to label me the consoler Bestowed upon a broken show and forever be the shoulder My mission is plain to see Its freaking insanity I'm wishing the pain in me would just leave me be why can't it be Simple cause on the real This one could die So I'm asking God Before I go Just give me one good cry If I could cry maybe one good time I could wash away all my pain And maybe free my mind After my shows it's a lonely road So I sit up all by myself trying to cleanse my soul Nobody's looking at me anyway Just give me one good time Nobody's looking at me anyway [Verse 2] Why I got to be the one to cheer up People till they clear up When I sneeze I tear up And then I go look in a mirror So I can see how it looks When I really wanna know how it feels When I'm hella down I try to push No matter how hard no water spills for real My patience is soon to go Waiting for the balloon to blow I'm thinking back to when I used to go to funerals No matter how close we were On the inside it ached "wow" Others be losing it I'm just wishing I could break down And I been thru a lot of them And there's not a one That went on and got it done No moisture that even try even to come And this ain't no chump thing, because I've had enough pain Tears should be run-in like mustangs Man it must rain Been trying for years But the crying been inside Nina been so serious there ain't no lying in his eyes Makes me so furious When I look and I'm in genocide Please let me break down with the pain I felt when Brian Dennis died One time.. If I could cry maybe one good time I could wash away all my pain And maybe free my mind After my shows it's a lonely road Sit up all by myself trying to cleanse my soul Nobody's looking at me anyway Just give me one good time Nobody's looking at me anyway [Verse 3] I look at actors crying It's as easy as fondue But what do you do when extreme hurt is ipon you Real life ain't no movie homie And this ain't John Woo But I almost lost it on the ending of Jon Q And I almost lost it when Jennifer Hudson blew But I'm still waiting for that real emotion to come thru Then maybe I could get a cry God Maybe one, two? Been red for life for the first time ever me want blue Give me the blues Sometimes I turn on the news and I Look at all these feuds Then I try to make them ooze (Don't cry, no teardrops from your eye poerty's music oh my, almost made me tear up about thinking about my children, no lie) Maybe I'm black hearted You thinking damn he shady Saying man he crazy For the way I abandon me lady One day she can repay me Yes that woman can betray me Then I'll probably cry if not than I do it if I win me a Grammy maybe If I could cry maybe one good time I could wash away all my pain And maybe free my mind After my shows it's a lonely road Sit up all by myself trying to cleanse my soul Nobody's looking at me anyway Just give me one good time Nobody's looking at me anyway The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Why You Ain't Call Me? Typed by: edgareinhay@hotmail.com (Tech N9ne) To whom it may concern... (Chorus) Why you ain't call me? You know I'm the hardest, you know that my art is applauded Why you ain't call me? I'm not broken-hearted, but I couldv'e been old when I started Why you ain't call me? You know I'm the hardest, you know that my art is applauded Why you ain't call me? You sleep on my music and that's a damn shame 'cause I slam my bang (Verse 1) I've been inside every hip-hop circle you could imagine Gangster or Pop, even backpackers know that I'm real good at rappin' I was strugglin' back in the day when my hood was lackin' yo so I'm 'bout to talk about what shoulda, woulda and coulda happened If music was about inovatin' and penetratin' generations by generatin' musical intergration It wouldn't be about limitation and demonstration imitation within a blatant looks just disentigratin' It ain't about the music, it's just about the fame If you ain't popular homie, then you just out the game If video and radio don't frequently announce your name They don't know your music even though you blow most out the frame But a closed mouth don't get fed when it stays shut Lay cuts with Tecca Nina 'cause he can straight bust Say what? You ain't heard of me gettin' paid bucks? Torrent y'all see me rippin' the stage up (Chorus) (Verse 2) I've been on tour with Hov, 'bout 27 shows Why he ain't have me on a record only heaven knows Maybe he missed us, missin' the big picture  that this is a fixture, aw yeah, he got Twista! Well Twista's my homie and we both from the Midwest and I guess Hov ain't lookin' for another speedy rapper kid yet Me collaboratin' with them was all in me dreams Matter fact the only one of 'em called me was Beens He told me he played you The Industry Is Punks and you loved it so you know Tech is what the industry would want I started down at the bottom, got with TOG and then it payed but I wouldv'e loved to been on the third verse of Renegade They must think I'm a stick of dynamite with no stem That's probably why I got D12 but no Em! But I burst flame and I bet that y'all know my first name 'cause I'm the hardest this side of Earth mane (Chorus) (Verse 3) This ain't no hate-mail, this a love letter I love you niggas' music and I hope is does better I just wish you woulda hit a brother that love cheddar but I'm ballin' now and I'm better than I was EVER Space age flows like Jesse and Primrose Tin-fold, I used to open-up, now I end shows Grim road, when you one of the best with slim dough and you ain't got Dre, Storch, Pharrell and no Timbo I've met almost half of the DTP but the couple times I spoke to Luda, don't think he see me Had never met I-20 but he spoke at BET Shawnna love me, Field Mob and Chingy decently speak me So I'ma re-inaurate the game, it's all fame and you don't get no play if you an emcee with a small name If I wanna get on TV I guess I gotta call Pain and Nelly, my great-grandmother's name is Maud Haynes (Hook) Maybe I'm trippin', full of delusion Maybe it come from all the drugs I was usin' Maybe I am the best thing that you ever saw Maybe I'm wrong and you don't know me at all I guess I'm blinded, I got reminded that none of you just will ever know who the N9ne is and you never heard of the homie from the Show-me PUNK THAT! I know you niggas know me (Chorus x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Skatterman Album: Killer Song: Seven Words Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro] Welcome to The Sextion, where it's all about sex If horny is what you're looking for, well this is the place The Sextion Now, for your listening pleasure This is Tech N9ne, Skatterman and Krizz Kaliko with seven words How many words? "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven" [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] It's seven words I want to say to you "Love it when you suck my dick" ... It's the best thing in my world It's seven words I want to say to you "Love it when you suck my dick" Girl ... that's why I'm giving you seven words [Tech N9ne] You should look at this as a wonderful endeavour The pleasure of having a bitch go below the belt for treasure No pressure, I know you shy and I ain't tryna stress ya Can I undress ya? And get ya to swallow each and every measure? Damn!! You put the "whore" in hormones, I might just bust before long Let's take a pic in your phone of you taking more and more dome Do it but don't pinch me, don't chew it when you think me Get fluid then you sink me, cause you got to/two it just like pinky I really love it when you... put the hot water in your mouth Slurping and slobbering about, now it gets hotter in the south Yep, the water was blazing, it was amazing and now my dick is shrivelled up like a raisin You love my leg in third, cause I'm blessed with Heaven's curve And I equal the thrill and rush of having sex on X and herb Never get the lesson blurred, I'd like to rest in her But not before I issue baby doll my seven words [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] [Skatterman] For the sake of argument, let's say we call her "Ol' Girl" She had the type of lips to make this street nigga's toes curl It's her world, all I do is kick back, just sit back She let my zipper down and pulled the head out and licked that She licked that, sometimes I had to fight to get my dick back But baby moved to Minnesota, swear to God I miss that The way she used to grab and smack herself all in the face with it Looking at me dead in my eyes while she be tasting it (tasting it) She used to say "Daddy, you wasting it" (wasting it) I used to say "Baby, I'm pacing it" But fuck the hot water shit, she used that crushed ice (crushed ice) If she sucked your dick once she make you nut twice (nut twice) She was just that good I could sell her for a stack to my boys in the hood So if you got you one of these, keep them faking bitches to the curb Leave this on her voicemail, all you need is seven words [Krizz Kaliko] Now as she sucks my soul, I lick her funky emotions Piercing all the way into her mind so I can feel what she's thinking Feel me? I know you do We're getting closer and closer, eruption is imminent Climax is closing in on us If you don't get your hands on me soon, I might disappear Here is what I been waiting on, the best thing you ever heard The one, two, three, four, five, six, seven words [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] [Outro: Tech N9ne] + (Female) Mm, mm, you know what I want you to do, right? (Yeah, I know what you want me to do) What's that? (Do you want it with hot water?) What's that? (You mean to tell me freaky ass Tech N9ne ain't never had it with no hot water?) Nah, show me (Hold up a second) What the fuck? (And then you do it like that) OK, go ahead ... AHH shit, fuck, that's wonderful! (That's what I thought) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Happy Ending Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] I didnt wanna fucking do this song, for real But I wouldnt be real if I didnt [Tech] I be sittin by myself and thinkin, mamma what have I become All I wanted was a family, but when I look I be the only one Losing everything but money, everybody left and I dont even get to see my young Only happiness I get is in the studio or when I get to do another run On the road, doin shows, get the woes, when it slows gettin cold, getting old, but the flows, gettin sold I've been doin this a minute but I think I wanna end it cause I'm on a higher level when I go But the music I be doin it, be losin, make it hard for me to grow All I wanted is a family portrait, see my babys on a ranch with horses But I was fucking devil bitches in corsets. I was livin really good but I torched it I'm sorry ms jackson, I'm speakin for real and I never meant to make your daughter cry But I guess I'm a failure with women and I'm lost and I feel like I ought to die Feel like I'm rotting away, my life is just off in the grey How much does it cost I will pay, to lay, and be off in a coffin today I mean off in ashes, this life ain't after a classes, If I get blasted This is Suicide Letters all over again, I thought that I passed it But I guess that I didnt, cause this one is written and there is no mending When I'm broke I'm a joke, when I croke I just hope I wont be descending But this ain't a joke, I want you to know that Tech ninna is never pretending Alone in my bed, a gun to my head, asking WHERE IS MY HAPPY ENDING? Ya Tell me how it ends? What about me? Where is my happy ending? What about me? Is this a life worth living? You know how it begins, but how does it end for me? Will I ever win, or does he have it in for me? Will this stop before I stop breathing? Is their lighty, in this dark I'm seein? [Tech] Chea, I put my life in this music, nina is inside out I set my heart out for people, they know what the inside bout Will they keep feelin ninna forever, this I doubt Can never cry for help, if you listenin this my SHOUT I'm searching for the passage way to happiness But i'm wordly So I have to lay in nastiness Yes, this is Strange year, worldwide fames near, but the games queer Sometime I feel like I'm rudolph, the reindeer But instead of a red nose, I stay in my red clothes And the music they said blows, is on top and the cred grows Can you ressurect a mother fucker that feel like he pose as a dead soul Deteriorate to an inferior state almost equal to bread mold Now as my head goes, wish I could shed those Because all the time the ninna was shorted, what I bled froze So now that I'm cold blooded, and hella sick is what the med shows The tread slows, and dont even think you reviving a dead rose. Chea [Tech] I'm on the verge of insanity, but I'm competant I'm breakin so I pick this one to vent The reason I look away when you talk to me my brain is producin evilness I'm drownin in 151 and rumble ments. Thats how I feel I sit in the mirror with this gun and practice how to kill But I know damn well that the people like me really wanna know how to chill This life is about a check, about a number about a bill Think about all the love I lost cause my quest is about a mill I feel like your stupid, dont talk to me I'm crackin up And I dont mean laughter I'm full of bitterness and its backing up And I live with angles, but lately demons been shakin up Tug of war with my spirit, you see the blood I'm hacking up? I love my kids and my fans inside I sob harder Cause you pay the price for my life and its right like Bob Barker And I wont pretend its ok I'm no facade starter So I guess my only happy ending is in a massage parlor Chea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Killer Song: Can't Shake It Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Intro] Another piece that I wrote, about me Being stuck in my ways, yeah [Krizz Kaliko] I can't give up what I'm in love with I guess I'm a mess and I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am What it I do to be so wrong? Could I be so different? Is there a remedy? WIll you be forgivin me? Cause this aint, my life, or the way it was sposed to be Waiting here for you to come and tell me What I do so wrong? [Tech N9ne] Listen to me, this talent was given to me By his omnipotence so dig it music is livin through me Even through prisons I've arissen he big and is in movies ism if is is a hit, the vision is in beauty for women When I'm writin I'm winnin, so excitin I'm grinnin Then you strike an now the fights are beginnin I gotta be sharp as a knife when I'm on the mic an you sinnin By stiflin my spinnin with an imaginary life as you been in By thinkin you be the reason, no speakin to you this evenin I'm deep in this music reachin for the peice I dilute the season But you be illin cause my attention you truly stealin Pursue the millions, come in second-would you be willin? Don't think so, you be thinkin time an I think dough Love is what you need from me but in time it'll shrink mo Cause I be on the grind for this rhyme an the ink flow I go for mine an you think its a crime an I think "WHOA" [Krizz Kaliko] An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am [Tech N9ne] Everything in my closet is black, white an red Most of my homies was bosses but got life or dead Now I move in they shadows but I got the mic an bread But this life it seem ya destiny is a knife or lead Yes I was brought up in a Cristian house But my mother marreing a Muslim threw the christian out An what they did to Malcom X threw the islam out So my homies with money seemed to be the glistnen route What I found was funerals and I found it was real friends But I paid attention and then I found that it was real men Takin care of their familys automatically built in Riskin they life in the street as long as the wheel spin SO, what I gathered from it is simply my perogotive I only wish the organization was more positive I maintain, and continue to gain thangs I bust an I claim Strange but I'm reppin that gang bang [Krizz Kaliko] An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am An I can't give up what I'm in love with But I guess I'm a mess an I just can't shake it I just can't change what I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Strange Lane Choir Album: Killer Song: Holier Than Thou Typed by: J_KAY_13@yahoo.com [Intro - Tech N9ne] We been doing this for a long long time now... this music thing... and touring, y'know... and still... I ain't met one person that could maintain righteousness Know what I'm sayin? [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] A wise man told me evil was lurkin and if you found it try your best to not put yourself around it Cuz when you in it you tend to push it to the limit but then when the sin beginnin you wish you would stay grounded I went all over the world and I done been through it at the beginning I knew I wouldn't give in to it but temptation over the sensation women I'm embracin, so many of them waitin Contemplatin how to get fornication and yo door when its late with the motivation of Satan so they say, but things go they way but its more then pay told her hey yo the phase for today But lust it sets in, and crush your chest in for dust your destined, if drugs are let in Enough to nest in, probably make you punch your best friend and next kin cuz you let s-e-x win You mean to tell me you can fight this land with brightness and walk the path of the righteous man? Yo, I want to believe that, itching to see that if a positive person can shake the negative feedback that this life has to offer and its faster What a disaster if you didn't obey the master Cuz that's mutiny, it would be new to me if you was on tour with Tecca Nina and you could be [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko (Strange Lane Choir)] (Holy, holy) If you lived in another world would you (Know me, know me) I know you be strong, but you been gone a (While) I know you still my (Child) So I'm pullin for you (Hold your only) Your soul and if you know it wont you (Show me, show me) You can see me if you look up for a (While) Holier than (Thou) So I say it for you [Verse 2 - Krizz Kaliko] How can I move the crowd without losin out of my faith? Lucifer out of the way (way) Or maybe he don't even exist I ain't gotta trip Gettin hookers out of my system (get you out of my system) See thats how he tricks em Let em sip then a big ol mickey he slips them (I wonder why) Music soothes the savage soul People could lose or win, but lack control Wish we could choose to live and fast the soul We smashin women then bypass the soul They believin everything we breathe in Half of us is Jesus, the other half is heathen And how we get that bad half out? We pray the lord would cast that out Hope you got blessins let them pass that out When we travellin and pass that route Keep us under their grace is the place where we had that doubt Where I stand, its pointin at me, but its with my hand I need you, you holier than I am, I am [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko (Strange Lane Choir)] (Holy, holy) If you lived in another world would you (Know me, know me) I know you be strong, but you been gone a (While) I know you still my (Child) So I'm pullin for you (Hold your only) Your soul and if you know it wont you (Show me, show me) You can see me if you look up for a (While) Holier than (Thou) So I say it for you [Verse 3 - Tech N9ne] This verse was intended for a gospel rapper that we all admire and he goes by the name of Da T.R.U.T.H. All we wanted was a righteous man to lead us in the right direction and maybe if he came we could change and regroup So we laid it down and sent it hopin' we would rap wit us, track splittas, Waited, and none of his people got back wit us We kept callin' and they finally answered, when a month passed We was prepared to do whatever, give it if he wants cash but the lady who represent em would never send 'em a message from a secular messenger Never be no nepotism, we supposed to be brothers, on the road to teach others but the flow would be covered, don't wanna mess with Tech they know that we smothered anybody who diss us, retire they weak flow Cuz this is the pinnacle, nobody flyer than me, bro If you didn't like it then I admire the ego, And if they never told ya, then you better fire ya people Cause fallen angels came for your help and then she pushed 'em but Christians be the first to run they mouth about Muslims but they always helpin in the hood, but y'all closed me out y'all didn't even really wanna know what we bout And we bombay, trippin on this on the don spay and I had to spit on in cuz I couldn't afford Kanye I needed help, your people showed me the wall be lowly as y'all, I guess y'all wasn't holy at all... naw! Much love to the gospel MC J Blast for coming down in the midst of sinners to try to help us remedy our situation... Even though most if his peers told him not to cuz we secular MCs. Thanks for giving me Da T.R.U.T.H. CD and bringing true Godliness to our circle bro... God bless you, for being so... [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko (Strange Lane Choir)] (Holy, holy) If you live in another world would you (Know me, know me) I know you be strong, but you been gone a (While) WHILE, I know you still my (Child) CHILD, So I'm pullin for you (Hold your only) Your soul and if you know it wont you (Show me, show me) You can see me if you look up for a (While) WHILE You're holier than (Thou) THOU So I say it for you (Holy, holy) If you lived in another world would you (Know me, know me) Would you know me? (While) WHILE, WHILE (Child) You my child now (Hold your only) Your soul and if you know it wont you (Show me, show me) You can see me if you look up for a (While) You're holier than (Thou) oooooooh... yeeeeaaaah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Killer Song: Last Words Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Dr. Frazier] I know you dislike coming here But what these sessions are for Aaron Is so you can release all the hostility that you hold inside yourself I just want you to relax And keep in mind that this is a safe place So feel free to curse, cry or any other emotion that might occur during todays visit. These sessions are confidential I am only here to listen and not to judge I'm just here to help you bring the things that are bottled up within.. out [Verse 1] Fuck everybody, who doubted me And said my movements a fallecy I'm loud and these pussies don't even know how to be This is the rowdy me Straight malicious and clowdy me Demons have crowded me and I really gotta get'em up out of me Ya'll ain't ever known What's really inside of my dome Play like I'm weak when I'm strong So I can peep the ones wrong They obsolete 'coz I'm gone This is a speech to condone I got the beast in my bones And Ya'll bout to reap the unknown I had every woman you saw Tecca Nina hang wit Most of there friends they see daily, I dug out and came wit How can I do this 'coz my brain, it stay on insane shit Never can a nigga say no names but it's hella pain to retain this Black's the blood in my veins, how can I cleanse it and drain this? Disaster was in my lane, but a nigga pinned it and framed it After me know one thing, who remain on the Strange list? Have to leave out with a bang, stuck off in the rain, now I hang bitch What more can I say to you?.. I Talk until my face is blue.. I Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Do you feel me? *It's my last words* What more can I say to you?.. I Talk until my face is blue.. I Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Can you hear me? *It's my last words* (Dr. Frazier) Talk about some of the things that really eat away at you.. like your career, your music And don't hold back Aaron, 'coz again these sessions are to extract the things that could possibly make you explode [Verse 2] When y'all listen to my music I think ya'll take it lightly But I been raw since the beginning just ask my Uncle Ikey He will tell you royalty's been planted deep in my psyche All you peasants hail the king just call me AARON almighty So when you critique my music you sound like fools to me And I dont think you deserve to hear another jewel from me The industry cheated me, repeatedly cruel to me So now I act conceded guess you needed no grooves from me I've had it, I'm tired mane You niggas is fired mane 'Cause you know me and Travis was supposed to inherit thee entire thang I'm normal, I've never admired fame I'm just famous cause I'm a fuck up and ya'll desired pain So don't talk to me when you see me Awfully's how you treat me Off of me, everybody leave me, it costed me never was it easy So say goodbye to the bad guy a nigga dont have anymore to sell you This might be the last time you hear a bad guy like Tecca Nina baby, let me tell you What more can I say to you?.. I *Yeah* Talk until my face is blue.. I Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Do you feel me? *Supposed to be more than this man * What more can I say to you?.. I Talk until my face is blue.. I Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Can you hear me? *I'm outta here* See I've been inside out Ya'll heard the best of it Got no more to give There ain't no rest of it.. there I'm all out there but ya'll don't care I got no more to bare, yeah. What more can I say to you?.. I *That's right* Talk until my face is blue.. I *Fuck It* Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Can you feel me? *I gave everything I could give* What more can I say to you?.. I Talk until my face is blue.. I Don't look like I'm crazy do I? Do You feel me? *I don't wanna hear nothin' else man, I just wanna Go somewhere with my children, man Disappear, like dear God Make me a bird so I can fly Fly far away from here Tech N9ne* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Crooked I, Chino XL Album: Sickology 101 Song: Sickology 101 Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*bell rings*) [Intro - Chopped and Screwed Voice - talking] Hey, now everybody sit down and shut the fuck up! Class is now in session If you came here to hear that lovey dovey shit - get the fuck out! If you soft and scared of hardcore shit - get the fuck out! For those who love raw shit - welcome to Sickology 101 Your instructor for today is - Tech N9ne! [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] This is style I use pitch, to catch and seduce chicks To signal the true sick, mellow tone is what you spit Switchin the pattern, bust out that quick midwest chatter Some people hate but it ain't matterin, but the people gather, it's flatterin Switchin the pitch, mixin, there's no need to be stiff in this bitch Spittin full clips on a mission for bliss when I be rippin this shit Make it excitin, got to be invitin when you're writin your piece Never be dick ridin, if you're goin to be bitin, you're ignitin the beast This is melodic, melodies, if you got it Mix it hot as tamales, you singin off-key is garbage If you can't keep an octave in a pocket, you need to stop it Have confidence, speak with conviction, don't put 'em asleep when you rock it This is harmony, Nina's taking you through it Make it buttery, utterly beautiful, make it fluid Sickology 101 is in session, I thought you knew it We murderin motherfuckers in music, that's how we do it! GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) Such an oddity with it, this is Sickology GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) GET! (ON YOUR FEET!), UP! (OUT YOUR SEAT!) From our west coast instructor - Crooked I (Crooked I ...) [Verse 2 - Crooked I] My killer Daytons can keep me crushin the competition Comin correct when creatin the crazy composition Cannibal character, Calico carrier, got a crooked copper missin Cali killers on candid cock emissions That was constant consonant wordplay Wordplay rhymes with Thursday and thirsty - if I'm thirst-ay! I change the pronunciation of words, per se The English language got to do whatever my verse say So if you want to learn to rap, this is how (this is how) Right now I'm puttin swag in my style (in my style) It's a emphasis on the simplest sentences Then I give 'em charisma with a laugh and a smile (and a smile) If you want your verses to cost higher Then your similes got to be hot as a live wire You need some better metaphors For example, this song is a war zone and you listeners in the cross fire From our east coast instructor - Chino XL [Verse 3 - Chino XL] Everybody start lockin their windows and doors, Chino might get in It's like light-ning, how I'm strikin a triflin rifleman Bullets flyin up and I'm numbin the bum, like it's Vicodin So much metal in his spine, he could get rich from the recycling! (yeah!) Chino be curdlin blood, don't get burned from the buzz I speak with conviction, like what Da Brat just heard from the judge Bludgeon no love, industry hate me yo I'd rather hear Hannah Montana, than half of you rappers on the radio! Startin drama with Chino, God forbid Auction my lyrics on eBay, that's God for bid Problem is lyric Jesus is more than a man with a sick delivery, like I drive a coroner van (damn) I'm demented, spittin writtens as sick as I can Grenade grippin, fittin to detonate Disneyland I am teachin Sickology, try to follow how every punch line hits Like Chris Brown's fist in the face of Rihanna Yes I got to be vicious, this is Sickology [Outro - Chopped and Screwed Voice - talking] For those who don't know what the fuck's goin on This is Sickology 101, you punk motherfuckers! Hahaha, let's kill these niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ K-Dean, Krayzie Bone Album: Sickology 101 Song: Midwest Choppers II Typed by: hugo_thuglife@hotmail.com [Intro] We scoured the globe on a quest to find the most elite Most intricate tongues of all time California, New York, Denmark, Australia Then a cold wind from the Midwest brought the hardest Fastest, most accurate tongues ever heard in our lifetime These are the Midwest Choppers [K-Dean] I got a message for any one of you muthafuckin niggaz That wanna talk 'bout the Mid-Midwest We dangerous, Aim to bust any little nigga with a big-big chest Anybody that wanna be comin thinkin they hotter I'm a type of nigga that'll really kill ya for dollas Fuck everybody that want a piece of a killa For real, Me and my niggaz will leave you floatin in a river So fuck all you haters, You heard what I said My flow a little bit over your head Act like a pencil, I'll fill you with led If you afraid, Then tell me you scared Cause imma little bit out of my muthafuckin mind The hardest rapper that Tecca N9na could fuckin find Who that? Who that? That's me Who that? Who that? K-Dean When I was comin up in the game everybody was tellin me 'I really be killin a lot of you niggaz, I'm mean' Fuckin with my niggaz D-Loc and Dalima They told me, 'I be really gotta be a muderer killin machine' I didn't care about nothing but rappin my way to the top Fuckin with my nigga Tech, He told me I'm hot Anybody got a problem with any one of my niggaz I'll pulled out the 9 milli up to a pop Bring the heat, Bring the noise, Bring the flames Anything that you bring, Imma tame Puttin dirt on the top of my name Pull back and I click-click, bang Ask Tech, He'll tell you I'm strange If you ever wanna talk about me Imma run up, Gun up and leave you with no brain Then you'll know my flow is insane I be on the West Coast, I be on the East Coast I be North, South, but I reside on my side, Midwest Chopper Even though I'm all up in the Northwest All across the U.S. Overseas, Midwest Choppers Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Yeah, Midwest Choppers) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Nigga, Midwest Choppers) [Krayzie Bone] Come, come get some of this Midwest murda music, murda music, murda music Come, come get some of this Midwest murda music, murda music, murda music Let me hit 'em When I get 'em, Imma split 'em, Imma kill 'em I'm the nigga with the lyrical venom finna get up in them When they give me the instrumental I finish 'em, diminish 'em I guarantee the murda music is a minimum But lately I been givin 'em hell They don't really wanna see me, I'm so damn swell Call me a monster, Verse Designer, First To bomb ya Leathaface pullin up in that hearse beside ya Murda, mo murda, mo murda, mo murdered 'em all, kill 'em all Krayzie kill 'em all, they fall It's a lyrical execution We snap faster, We the rap masters Squeeze the gat, Blast it, If that's how it gots to be So they better get it ready Cause I'm heated like an AK-47 spittin bullet deliverence out of me Well that's somethin, That's crazy, Jackson He's amazin action, Stay in action Rap singin at ya, I'm blazin at ya I'm kinda like an automatic aimin at ya And I don't want a little bit of flame to ashes You know you really truely insane to madness You're never gonna find other niggaz more scandalous Than this Midwest blastin famly I be on the West Coast, I be on the East Coast I be North, South, but I reside on my side, Midwest Chopper Even though I'm all up in the Northwest All across the U.S. Overseas, Midwest Choppers Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Yeah, Midwest Choppers) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Nigga, Midwest Choppers) [Tech N9ne] I am the definition of murda The N9ne is now coming to serve ya You're running but you can't go no furtha Cause I'm running through you with no sign of inertia Gimme the mic and I bet that you duck It's what you betta do when I'm bussin I be flippin, I'm incredible, Never get on my level I'm a killa with the pedal to the medal You're edible and ya death is so inevitable I can take it to ya momma, Ya daddy, The back of a caddy You cut up in the sack with a baggy and I wanna... Take it out and make it patty You gotta be patty Cause that'll be bad if you decide to mad, Is you gonna? You can listen to me and see I'm the nigga with the ammunition I'm givin the livin a vision of death Makin 'em sick and depressed Cause I be givin everything I'm a rebel and I'm still with the quick and the best Makin 'em walk in the business I get up in it to rip and diminish ya Trip and I finish ya Dig it, You really get me livid, I'm bout give it a pivot Imma stick it so we can differ to sinister I be the chopper that got ya little boppers goin off us Better not let me up on the premises Cause I'm a doctor that's out for the shotaz when I brought ya Be cautious never talk of this nemesis We on top of the hill when it come to the skill Other rappers are damn jokers They be givin the people comedy But the Tecca N9na misery shit is Bram Stoker I be on the West Coast, I be on the East Coast I be North, South, but I reside on my side, Midwest Chopper Even though I'm all up in the Northwest All across the U.S. Overseas, Midwest Choppers Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Yeah, Midwest Choppers) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (You can't touch us) Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh-Ay-Oh (Nigga, Midwest Choppers) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9nef/ Big Scoob, Messy Marv Album: Sickology 101 Song: Nothin' Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] I used to press my Dickies with Stay Flo Sold pieces for my reli, Chasin peso Now they want me with nothin cause I let my pay show So I hop inside of my Mercedes and let the bass go... On you hatin ass niggaz I deserve everything I get, A creatin cash getter I aint puttin the 2 on the 10 I'm makin vast figures You fags bitter, mad Wanna be fakin class with us How they thinkin they gonna come and conquer us? Little Mini Cooper hatin on a monster truck Ponder such, I'll have you up in yonder, stuck Not a nare nutta brotha stutter that conjure a... Nothin, Nathin, The Ruger's penetration Inside of ya head is what's soundin like it's bassin Boom, Bing, Bang All you haters in the game, Strange lane takin aim Aint a damn thang sane, I get it in Want some drama? Well I can fit it in We can make it so you're no longer a citizen Suction from beneath you We just a little dust'n All because I'm bringin the bucks in They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin (Uh huh) They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin, bustin (Uh huh) [Big Scoob] On the block it was hot to not to run from the cops I used to cop and used to chop And dump my rocks at Ms. Scott's And on the late night at Ms. White's I'm fuckin with Will, We used to play fight Then one night, We came up with Vill Young thugs dump drugs Nigga hungry for meals Young thugs jumped blood Nigga itchin for kills Shit was real in the field, man This shit was too real Lost my homies to this shit, man This shit is for real But nigga, Nowadays the streets They go hard on the hustla All these pussy niggaz rattin So us real niggaz suffer Not plentiful for me no more It's hoes in the game Since I smell when paper foldin, man I rollin with Strange Pour some whiskey, Party with me Tell the Feds if they miss me They aint comin for me now Then nigga, Bet they don't get me So all you muthafuckin sucka niggaz wishin me gone Big homie, Strange Music Resurrection, I'm home They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin (Uh huh) They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin, bustin (Uh huh) [Messy Marv] All I do is sell dope and nigga talk bricks Talk with bananas and talk clips Ride around and smoke kush with the yurner on me Drink them champagne bottles with the flower on 'em All that talkin loud will get a nigga a hit You see them cherry red chucks? Yeah, I'm with the shit Anyway I bounce out, man I hit 'em up and I'll lock up with you We could get 'em up I still wear a gold grill, 10 across the bottom They call me 19-5 cause a nigga got 'em Click-Clack, nigga Yanka get yanked on There's been alotta hatin, nigga Since I came home Anything a nigga do, homie It's Federal and come with football numbers in the level 4 They wanna bee a nigga dead, man But nathin, Tech fuck them muthafuckaz They could keep hatin They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin (Uh huh) They wanna leave me with nothin (Huh uh) But they aint talkin about nothin (Huh uh) So I aint trippin on nothin (Huh uh) They come to get me, I'm bustin, bustin (Uh huh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Sickology 101 Song: Blown Away Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Intro] I know y'all don't see me on TV Or hear me on the radio But you industry brats Better check Billboard and Pollstar Before y'all get to cryin About who get seniority at these shows Especially when compared to me Y'all aint shit on stage [Hook] I hit the stage Grab the mic and blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey [Verse 1] The gig is over, The gig is over (Bitty bye-bye) The gig is over, The gig is over (When A play) The kid is older and gettin colder (Many fly by) But his will hold ya, So listen closer to (A-A)-R-O-N They dissin and twistin my name Because Aaron is scarin these glitz spittin pricks in the game Hit with this gift, Everybody get a whiff of this script and it's pain Gotta talk about the people with a attitude Hiss me and slipped in my lane I've been wreckin crowds for a long second now Got 'em guessin how Tech is blessed And yes, The best in-town rep On the real, I keep it trill And when I spit, I aint spillin about my million It's the feelin that you get with this underground headliner Mainstream ignored a bro And they be petty, So jealousy is sure to show But they rich and got more to blow And everything's affordable But they gotta go before me Because their stage show is horrible [Hook] I hit the stage Grab the mic and blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey They may be platinum But they know I blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey Why you do me like that girl? You know I love your mama [Verse 2] I just wanted to have a bite with her... or somethin Didn't go get up on that show to fight with her... or nothin It was Keyshia Cole, Eric Bent, Gorilla Zoe, Tech Nina and T.I. But Keyshia was actin Bia-Bia Why she actin like a (what?), like a (what?) She aint know I grab the mic and light it (up), light it (up) She say, "She don't know me" But I'm the number one Independent in the country Man, She the only one actin funky And the people at the Summer Jam, They want me She say, "She aint goin on before somebody that's local" And she went postal and loco Sayin, "Her not closin, Is a no-go" Down talked me real low though About how she got more doe and just did a TV promo No show better than the Mo. bro with the S & M logo Damn baby, Much success is sittin in your favor Slam the Nina Tech before considerin the data Fans waited, So we went, So she'd get it for later But Frankie said, "Excuse my daughter, She's a bit of a hater" Dwamn! [Hook] I hit the stage Grab the mic and blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey They may be platinum But they know I blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey [Verse 3] Aye, Aye, Check it I understand seniority But in this case, On this show, I'm a top priority In Lawrence, Your minority and I'm the majoriry Check it, I was young and broke But I'd fetch it, If it was freshest Shovel snow for the Eric B. and Rakim record Promoters called us and said, "We got this show and want you to close us" Ghostface and Brother Ali, Rakim with a band, It's so tough We couldn't wait to see Rakim rock But he never ever showed up He swole up cause he didn't wanna go up before us Man, What's wrong with these people? Think the world gotta kiss their asses 500 capacity but you wanna get 200 passes Thought it was about gouda 40 Water told me, "Nina, Get ya cabbage, Stay savage and ravage the average" Y'all better hope radio and video Keep me from slithering... into they circle I'll change it, That's why they shivering Rakim the God? He just miss the king's delivering Cause they know they'll fall And I'll blow them all to smithereens [Hook] I hit the stage Grab the mic and blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey They may be platinum But they know I blow 'em all away (I blow 'em all away) (Superstars), But they know I blow 'em all away, Hey [Outro] Real, Real spill, Yeah Baby girl, I know I aint the only one that know you could be bitchy You know what I'm sizzlin? Ol' boy, I know I aint the only one that know you could be bitchy Do your research before you down somebody else Get off your high horse Keyshia Cole, Get off your high horse Rakim, Get off your high horse Industry, Get off your high horse Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Ben, Shadow Album: Sickology 101 Song: Party and Bullshit Typed by: dirtyshroomz305@gmail.com Black Walt told me if you wanna bonafide banga you gotta start with a hard ass kick and a snare (yea) Add some dope ass music around and a hard MC and you got [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Every night, it seem like we celebrating birthdays (hoooooo!) Cause rappin on planet Earth pays Smelling like versa (chaa) or is it Versace? You got me sloppy from popping this oxys and shots of saki, copy (chaa) All you ladies in here, I am sharing wood (chaa) I just, wanna lay between ya and ram square into it (chaa) Cause, when it come to women, ya man Aarons good I done been inside-a more woman than planned parent hood (chaa) I got more bottles, than new born babys, for youporn ladies I want you drink up till you horn crazy and rape me (chaa) Till im lazy and achey (chaa), wanna get shady and tape me? (chaa) Okay baby lets say we tape me inflating your trakey (chaa) Im just partying I ain't letting the tool spit (chaa) I ain't tryan have you haters layin below the pool pit (chaa) 40 acres and mule sit, in my garage with a cool kit (chaa) eat, drink and be merry mang and miss me with all that bullshit(?) Aint not telling how drunk and how you'll get [Chorus 2x] (Hey hey) We party and bullshit Booze it with floosies (hey hey) And that's how we do's it Not the Biancas we choosing Everybody lose it, listenin to our music [Verse 2: Big Ben] And they like, and they like, yup do that thing you do (I am) What you mean? baby gurl I need some liquor too Aye, she need a picture too, Big Ben she want a picture too Im F-L-Y, so why not? We can flick a few (fuck yea) Knock the lenses out my frames and start the ruckus (yes) So when I scream through the scene you kno you niggas finna crush it Max out on swagga, not your ordinary rapper But I do my thing extra, like no ordinary madness (Gotya) Keep that smooth movement so proper They keep choosin on ya dude cuz I be's all about my dollas On the baddest bitch swaggin through, its not a big deal Shit I receive more tongue then a double stacked thizz pill Its real, what you say you lose the crew and (e)scape with me No need to slow it down you let them other suckas pace the speed, dig it? (yep) Fuck it, imma party like a trap star and probably get my ass thrown out for going that hard Aye, Aye [Chorus 2x] (Hey hey) We party and bullshit Booze it with floosies (hey hey) And that's how we do's it Not the Biancas we choosing Everybody lose it, listenin to our music [Verse 3: Shadow] Okay... you said 24 right? Imma tell you keep it here I go by the name of Shadow Yo, yo flow miss me, buy vodka, get pissy Roll with tech n9ne, bear arms and get grizzly (prrrrraaa) Ever ready, a killer that flows angelic Story telling and battle rapping who can't sell it? Should I speed it up? Nah imma keep it strange My inner voices told my outer voice to be deranged The devil on my shoulder got a devil on his back Who told em everytime I see Biancas give her ass a smack I need a bumps rock, fresh pair of sucka duckaz Its a party, im bullshittin with moafuckas Shadow fly, look at bitches with a crooked eye Battle me? I think your favorite rapper rather die Who you know could spit a flow this clean? My notesbooks to 10th grade, I got so many 16's Please, I got a lot of hard tones, that'll fuck up your view with a view like Star Jones Yall clones, my style is the original Half you wack rappers just opitimize pitiful But me? Spittin classic is a ritual I stopped liking rap when the lion got habitual Im sick of you, the streets turned me to a cetinel Im so not Common, but I still see the bitch in you Shit, can't nobody out-rhyme me So Tech, call Trav right now and tell him sign me [Chorus 2x] (Hey hey) We party and bullshit Booze it with floosies (hey hey) And that's how we do's it Not the Biancas we choosing Everybody lose it, listenin to our music Yea... throw ya cups in the air if ya drunk like me, yea Tech N9ne, Big Ben, Shadow, X-rated vodka and sprite boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Scoob, Krizz Kaliko Album: Sickology 101 Song: Dysfunctional Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Intro] First entry for Sickology 101, Dysfunctional [Tech N9ne] Yeah Don't you bring me nothing stupid If you don't want me to lose it Step back if you don't want me to attack I'm a beast, Better give me the deuces I have no tolerance for nonsense Get away from me Me don't wanna get dollars Don't wanna holler but you makin me I'm a little dysfunctional You're the problem, Please don't awakin me And I'm that way cause back in the day Most have forsaken me Lodi dodi, I'm at the party On a drunk night with a punk Might dude wanna pick a fight because he's sorry... That he aint Gotti, Like I be Cause he sloppy, Not me Costly rocks be spot free But he don't know I'm roguish Surrounded by my soldiers And they be locked and loaded Will explode if you can't hold us And we don't got no scruples We didn't come to fight and shoot you But you busters better be mutual Don't get loose because we cuckoo Listen, They call me genius, I run the show Woman be on my penis, It's wonderful Demons think they the meanest But I brung the foe on the flow Little bit sick, Don't you know? [Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko] I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? You could fool around and make me mad I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? Might fool around and make me mad Don't make me mad [Big Scoob] Born to hustle I'm a product of environment The game done changed So I've been forced into retirement But I make moves and I paid dues And I got common sense Since I can't lose and I can't choose Then I'll come back to spit I got hit songs but I've been gone so long that I don't fit Near death, Dethrone but can't get on So I need me a lick I write these songs but don't belong I'm on some other shit I'm huntin leads in desperate need I hope it's comin quick I'd wrap my brain to find a lane That's gon' bring me some change But it's so strange, My life has changed And I am not the same I come around but since I'm down It feels uncomfortable I try to hide it deep inside but I'm dysfunctional I never learned to hold it in I gets emotional First, Implode and then explode I am combustible So please don't push to play me, pussy On some real shit, Won't be defeated If I'm heated, nigga Oh shit! [Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko] I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? You could fool around and make me mad I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? Might fool around and make me mad Don't make me mad [Big Krizz Kaliko] I aint no killer but don't push me Qu-Qu-Qu-Quiet boy never been no pussy Could be carrying something up under my hoody Course me never snap and kill a baller, y'all Or would he? Now I wanna be peaceful But I carry Desert Eagles where ever black people are You know how black people are I peep 'em out, Try to stay evened out Wanna preach to 'em but their evil keep on seepin out Emotions get the best of me Messed up and then y'all get the rest of me Depressed and stressed, Feel like my destiny I know y'all think less of me Cause I'm always sick and I can't let it be Pharmaceutical soup be the best recipe It's gon' be the death of me I need different cultures to coast While I keep throwin them pills down my throat Dysfunctional blunts will do Smokin Bombay can give me Fung Shui But I wish that it all would go away Or maybe I should pray for Jesus Christ To just un-pretzel me Tryin to pray for change But sometimes it feel like he lets it be So I just take another couple doses Probably be fine but if you get too close You'll find out that I... [Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko] I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? You could fool around and make me mad I'm a little dysfunctional, Don't you know? If you push me, It might be bad Get a little emotional, Don't you know? Might fool around and make me mad Don't make me mad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Sickology 101 Song: Red Nose Typed by: pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Verse 1] I got my face painted, crazed aint it  That a black dude lookin like he got a white tattoo People thinkin that he way tainted...by evil  Treat you like fecal wanna beef you when they meet you People perceive you to be lethal when you aint see through like tissue  I feel like the industry givin me vivid stupidity  When they distribute these fictitious sissys  When I rip it so serious and wickedly...No forgiving thee When I claim the strange everybody tellin me I'm insane with bane I'm an independent, talented individual,  But workin with the industry is a reindeer game And they call me rudolph the red They know I don't rip off the mic but I chew off the head Spit it at the PDs and DJs and VJs who be gay you fakin, you get threw off a ledge If you tough we snuffing, Homie trust me nothing Is worse than knowing your beautiful but get treated like an ugly ducking So I'm Rocky Dennis, but I'm so polished nothing can stop me in this Bad in the brain and the good is not replenished The fakers who imitate me and mock me, finished We check the mill, yes its real Through Strange I dont need ya major label record deal  Thats real people act a different way with me I feel that nobody wanna play with me Thats ill cuz they treat me like a stain on they clothes  The industry and my foes They treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  They put me down and treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  Dont make me clown and have to go put on my Red Nose  [Verse 2] They tend stray away from me because I'm different  And its been this way with me ever since I was an infant  Other kids were jealous, they say the look off in my eyes seen hellish Never knowing later in life I would relish,  The thought of me ballin living my life and sell it I blame it on program directors, go and request us no damn selector But if you got a lot of dough man they bless ya, sure can depress ya  When you knowing that there aint nobody better mayne Stuck off in the cold when the bad weather came  Now they gotta see me livin it up and cheddar gain  Coming from forever pain till it never rains  So I throw up the finger, to everybody who got a tore up demeanor  Thinkin that Tecca Nina was sho nuf a dreamer  But the flow is so heavy that it could show up Katrina Now its time to take it, and you all must face it  Tech Nina is sacred, all you hating fagets couldnt see me with lasik  Red Nose, the leader so follow, you gotta get ready to get up and go is the motto  Made it through everything negative, bravo The money thats coming to me feel like I won the lotto Now I'm bout to put the slay on auto  Swoop down on the djs tell em all to quit the replays  Make em put Tecca Nina in the Sorado Thats real people act a different way with me I feel that nobody wanna play with me Thats ill cuz they treat me like a stain on they clothes  The industry and my foes They treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  They put me down and and treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  Dont make me clown and have to go put on my Red Nose  [Verse 3] I'm comin and drivin my short bus  With this nose I dont need to torch up Bustin through like the industrys Porsche coming after who didn't support us Rip down it's bleachers I blew up cause my sound it ether Underground up and found this creature Not scared of a nigga with clownish features  I'm makin a name outside your mainstream Real, it wasnt an insane dream  from the beginning I really came clean You about to see Strange gleam, take it over in gain green  Strange Music and RBC along with Fontana we gon change things  Now its so funny cuz with money I can fly away Or leave them haters off in the deepest darkest hide away  Why do they do me wrong? my music truly strong Because I'm different all you cowards wanna shoo me gone  Yes this is Strange year, worldwide fames near But the games queer, sometimes I feel like Rudolph the reindeer And the music they said blows, is on top and the cred grows You're gonna have to open up the door for the bro with the Red Nose  Thats real people act a different way with me I feel that nobody wanna play with me Thats ill cuz they treat me like a stain on they clothes  The industry and my foes They treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  They put me down and and treat me like I got a Red Nose Red Nose Red Nose  Dont make me clown and have to go put on my Red Nose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ 816 Boys Album: Sickology 101 Song: Areola Typed by: hugo_thuglife@hotmail.com [Big Krizz Kaliko] She told me to hit it and split it and get up off her (Ease back) just a little softer I'm the one that be drivin them crazy, Out of their brains So give me a peak of your areola out of your Hanes Cause she got thighs on her, Look at the size on her Big ol' shake like she need fries on her Wanna see ya in ya boustia (Swoop ya) See ya in a group and say, 'Hey!' Areola, Stick 'em out Don't know what I'm talkin 'bout That circle around the skittle In the middle you put in your mouth But I love ya, baby (Hell naw!) Titties, If they big or small That's what I'm talkin 'bout Now turn around and pull them out your bra Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off and showed a... Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off, That bra came off that... Oooh [Kutt Calhoun] Seen her lookin prettier than Vogue Tooken over by an unadulterated player Way to get up in the middle Till I pan up at them jugs Now I'm thinkin about the little bitty circles Decorated all around the nipple With that badonk, It come with those tig ol' big o's You see your firm breasticles I got a big ol' buddy inside of my skimmies, You need Just thought that I would let you know So if you want to I can give you what you need Just as long as you let me Suck and touch on those titties, baby I think that I am in love With what's with on these features 816, M-I-D-Dub F-Y-I in the future Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off and showed a... Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off, That bra came off that... Oooh [Tech N9ne] Baby girl, I wanna see with the top off Take the Vickie shit off You know it popped off her Now I know she ready to get it knocked off Kissed the areola and she said that It's gon' cost ya I aint givin up the money, You know it I'm a certified playa and I'm sumthin like a pimp Ask ya mama, She could tell ya that Tecca N9na's a bonafide layer Get ya walkin with a limp And you know it got tore owa-owa up Tecca N9na hit and it swole owa-owa up Never owa dove for the owa-owa butt Owa Yo, Don't you know I'm a owa-owa nut? I made a song about your areola Go on and let ya bra fall right off ya shoulders If you aint got no titties, baby You better hold up (What is an areola?) [Makzilla] It's the area around the nipple Ya boy Makzilla made this official Boy don't trip, Don't pull your pistol Know what I'm sayin? Uh huh (Huh?) Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off and showed a... Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!), Oooh (Areola!) That shirt came off, That bra came off that... Oooh [Outro] Yeah, 816 Boys Grammy award winners Come on, Come on Go on, Pop out them areola's [8X] Artist: Tech N9ne Album: K.O.D. Song: Show Me a God Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Tech N9ne] Ey, my momma, my momma, my momma is so tormented She been through trauma, mo' drama, the dawn is gone, it's more tinted  On this side, it gets out of it How does a prophet who love God as his father  slippin to get the bottomness out of it? How come an angel gotta be sick in the pancreas?  Like she an atheist, maybe it's the faith that is makin  this lady as crazy and has made me this, SCEPTIC! Next threat is lupis on top of epileptic! Never rested! Psychiatrist forever tested, Reverend blessed it Brethren, heaven, Tech is begging for effin' X-Mas Hopin momma ain't left an exit It better get better quick, how you let her get sick with bread invested? In the church every Sunday, I've been searchin for one way Or another, you're gonna have to curse me or burst me with a sun ray To let me know that you're coming or en route I'm 'bout ninety-nine, but I need a hundred percent proof! Show me a God!! Ahhhhh!! I'm kinda feelin that it is a faade  Show me a God!! Ahhhhhh!!  And if it is, why ain't He doin his job? Show me a God!! Ahhhhhh!!!! Even if it's a thing, a man, or a broad SHOW ME A GOD! PLEASE!! Let me know something is listening when I'm down on my knees! [Tech N9ne] Where was the Passion of Christ? What happened to passin his life for the masses? Bad it ain't happenin twice 'Cause my mother's stacked in a lab in the stagnant nights I need your help, and I'm not askin it nice All in life it's been paramedics  All my life comin up all I heard "Is there a medic?" A young'n, all I could do is stare at it Seizure after seizure, if I was you, would ne'er let it  be here-dittary, if Aaron get it, I swear that it's scary Sittin in a insane asylum God or God's ghost, man I aim to find Him to take away all of this angel's pain inside, come rain If momma go, how come I cain't deny them? And she only fifty-four, in a ward watchin her war And it's more blood and gore, and she tore  'cause people are so deceivin And I'm on the floor, because with nor Lord  This war absorbs more poo, havin all the soldiers screaming [Tech N9ne] Think about how all the victims of Katrina feelin They need a ceiling, they say that Mother Nature, she the villain And plead a million, the Bible, I read a billion  Still I'm free to see the real And my feet are grillin, 'cause hellish heat is buildin up Think my momma ain't ill enough? It's killin us I will erupt if the pill in her false 'til ain't no healin up Been searchin for answers, but I find nothin but man stuff That puts a damper on the current problem at hand, bruh Or WHATEVER it is, I will NEVER forgive Anybody who take Marty, better get her to live! She's so sick, that it don't matter how much cheddar I give To the thing or the lady, here's a letter to His Majesty, why ain't you stopping these tragedies? My mother's glad to be with you, but her life's been a raggedy one What's gonna be DONE, in 2012  When hell's gonna be when the Earth's aligned with the sun! SHOW ME A GOD! [Outro] That's why I be lookin for ghosts!  Or somethin supernatural  The only thing I know +Supernatural+ is the rapper  Maybe if I saw somethin like that  it'd make me change my life or somethin...  Now let's get into K.O.D... Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Three 6 Mafia Album: K.O.D. Song: Demons Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] I'm an angel-slash-demon, man y'knahmsayin? What makes me a demon is lust, I'm girl crazy and that's why I couldnt keep my wife, y'knahmsayin? And that's the lust demons living within me And uh, but my heart, love big, y'knahmsayin? So I know a lot of demons come to my shows, as well as angels Y'knahmsayin? A lot of demons, a lot of demons, a lot of demons.. When I was one, and a two, and a three, and a four I knew I was a special one who had a little more And they wondered why I was plotting, rotten to the core It was nothing but an itty-bitty demon There's a demon inside of me! Can I kill it? Hell naw! Can I kill it? Hell naw! Can I kill it? Hell naw! There's a demon inside a me! Can I kill it? Hell naw! Can I kill it? Hell naw! Can I kill it? Hell naw! [Tech N9Ne] Yo, it make me wanna drink a lot, go up in the pink wit not  This the reason I ain't at ease and currently on the brink of pot This the reason I sit at the window with the millie wishing a nigga gon' come break in It is the reason I be freaking the women deeper loving making her silly because I done they friend It is the reason I bang, it is definitely the reason I slang Distributed the 'caine the reason I'm super soaking in the pain.. and starting to love it It's wanting to give me way more of it, they want me to lug it through the mud and thus the reason with happy people I'm disgusted I'm talking about those things that make you do bad things living the evil up in the fast lane Making me wanna have a wicked son beating the hell outa people making me mad mayne Gave me the gun when I ran up in dealings in ninth grade, with a slight rage I was ice age, another reason Tecca Nina won't have any light days Voted me the King of Darkness, voted me to be really heartless All up in my spirit they march, they making me start sparking at the targets Woke up today I was steaming, cause when I found out I was not dreaming Because the host that afloats me the most was a goddamm demon.. [DJ Paul] THREE 6 MAFIA! See it's a demon inside of me and I'm thinking it's that dope It's got me doing shit a nigga never even had done befo' It got me kicking in the do' of folks I don't even know Straight wilding, 9-11 time a fucking thousand Buck like Berkeley housing, my Glock is so arousing Make you stand atten-hut the way that bitch be shouting Something like a scary movie, nigga but I'm scarier Bury ya, Memphis Ten' Black Haven area Buck nigga, get buck bitch, get wit me and I'ma show ya how this Triple 6 will get silly Psycho, like no other individual Glock with the red beam to keep you in my visual Three 6 and Tech Ninna wet ya like an Aquafina Desert Eagle, .50 Cal', tell me have ya seen her? Pussy juice, still on my shit from this hoe I just raped in her fucking husband face, shot him in his fucking face [Juicy J] This fish food powder will make you hype go into a bar, get into bar fights Have you walking around all night looking like a fool like something ain't right That ecstasy pill will make you feel it look at a bitch, girl you gon' get it You wanna act kinda funny with me? You can suck my dick till I nut on titties Loritab pills, any kinda pills, Vicodin, Xanax, Ambien yeah All geeked up, wash it down with a beer did it to myself, nigga it's your year Nigga I party like a goddamn fool backyard barbecue, hoes in the pool Jacked like a motherfucker, strapped like a motherfucker this my life nigga so fuck you! These funk niggas can't trust niggas you'll get lit up nigga, get stuck nigga These choppers buck nigga, nigga buck nigga all in yo' guts nigga, nigga guts nigga A liquor store gotta get the dough nigga walked in with the fo', get 'em on the flo' nigga I'm so damn cold, I ain't tryna fold nigga I kick in doors if you got to go nigga Yeah we murder, put the clip in, check the list and put the hit in Kill him kill him, buck your children, kidnap her for half a million Juicy J yeah I'm the realest, in the game I'm gonna get it Coke and weed and plenty women, yeah I'm out here making that killing [Tech N9ne] Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide Demon inside Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide Demon inside Artist: Tech N9ne Album: K.O.D Song: Blackened the Sun Typed by: Dino a/k/a bjk1984 As the sun falls, darkness shall come.. I went outta my way to do music for you I did shit with E40, Scarface, everybody All your heroes, Yukmouth.. Hottest shit. Now I'm about to do it my way I don't give a fuck what y'all think about me Call me devilworshiper, nigga You think that shit's bad? Listen to this, motherfucker! How do I describe my pain It just rains and it rains at the same time flame up I am bane, insane in my veins No restraints can chain or contain me I'm dangerous When I gave you my light It was wrong, wasn't right And no love was in sight when I need it So I run with the night And the songs that I write It be vile and it won't defeated It's jet black in my brain cause the hatred you gave me Has turned me to twisted You don't like this - Suck my dick All the kids with the sickness Been waiting for this shit I wanna get into the mind of your youngest Fill it with fungus And grow it 'til it's humongous Psycho alumnus, the tip of the tongue slit Urging the punk bitch: Eat shit from your dump pit! Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb I consume all the light in the day Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb Flowers bloom when I'm taken away I got this cloud inside, it's consuming my mind All the brown in my eyes are dissolving Into the whites of my eyes, now the night will arise And I'm hyped cause the beast is evolving Step into my dreams lot of bleeding and semen and green rotted demons And they feed their seeds coli greens full of feces and cheesed pieces of human cerebrum this evening - stay awake - Cause everything I touch turns to mold If you want me - everything I fuck, straight explodes Are we there yet? Are you scared yet? You got a pussy in your pants, wanna share that? Let me in, I'mma rip it then I'mma tear it out I'm tryina eat a bitch where her motherfucker hair at(?) Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb I consume all the light in the day Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb Flowers bloom when I'm taken away Heat swells, details Everybody eat nails, sleep well Held a gun, I come to attack everyone You little crumbs all are done I'mma blacken the sun Alla banish it damage it  Can you manage to vanish Cut you like anakin  Manic man damn and its no panicking When I eat your soul he's north pole That many more beat more cold freeze more soul, 40 below Piss lav and cuervo plus habenero - now chug it Burn their head to their toes  I will not spare those - I love it This is the result of you thinking unclear, calling me weird thinking I'm a devil so you niggas don't cheer I don't give a fuck what you think of tecca nina this year  Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb I consume all the light in the day Everyone are you ready for doom Because I've blackened the sun And I've bloodied the moon Bring gloom when I step in the room With the fumes of a tomb Flowers bloom when I'm taken away Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brotha Lynch Hung, Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: Strange Music Box Typed by: hugo_thuglife@hotmail.com [Intro] Aww, Dwamn! Do ya'll realize what ya'll done did?! Ya'll done opened up a can of sick ass! And its about to eat yall quick fast, hey! [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] I've been hibernatin' in the deepest darkest part of Necropolis Now that I'm poppin' this top, yes, I'm the opposite of monogamous Mnage, ya get offered it in this box a bit Hostile is gotta get twisted, I'm not with this Apocalypse Hollarin' Tech-Tech N9ne-N9ne Shit! I'm lovin' it! I'm a drug to this grudge and it's with my covenant, I'll plug a bitch Lovin' this mug is what the ruckus is, psycho thug with it Falling down like Micheal Douglas with the ruggishness Addadimean, they wonderin' why did I bring this side of my dream The Nina's a horror machine, dolla for dolla, I balla for all'a my green Nigga, my name is Inigo Montoya, I got a evil plan for ya And you're about to get dropped, this box is worse than pandora, (Hahahahaha!) They're gonna laugh at you, 'cause I had to do what I had to do Went tap on you like Shap'll do Beatin' 'em up and shootin' 'em up then stab a few Sad ya knew that you had your crew and they ass are through I'm killin' 'em and throwin' 'em back at you! [Hook] Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! (The Black Music Box) [Verse 2 - Krizz Kaliko] See once they open my lid, I'ma give it to 'em Ever since I was a little bitty kid, I've been truly ruined I'm reflecting on what I did 'fore I ran into 'em I used to be a fat jerk, now I flirt 'cause the scent of a woman Now I don't act like, walk like the nigga that you used to know Now I sing and rap about the Strange life, it's beautiful Tell it to 'em like a gen-i-ius Spit it out like I thought you knew Bubblin', hope you hear me thizz Prayin' to God I make it through Kali bad, Check my strange box of tricks Kaliko, alley cat, lyrical, watch his lips He can go really fast, slow it down, and stop that shit Or make it (Dumb) to make sure you niggas got that shit! I'm just playin' with music, I'm the elite heat speech chief Play me and watch they feet turn Beatstreet 'Cause I'm blowin' off they socks, The Freddie Foxxx out my box There's somethin' Strange goin' on in that box, Kali Baby! [Hook] Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! (The Big Blue Music Box) [Verse 3 - Brotha Lynch Hung] Spiderman, off of this lyrical Vicodin Off of this here we go, I get it ins Spittin' that petro, let go, Tech know, sets blow Come see about me nigga! Figga this, I'ma get venomous, takin' out ten of us Niggas is sweet like cinnamon, wait, but then again I'ma pick up the pen again Bend 'em in half, blood bath Then I'ma laugh, then I'ma smash, the I'ma ask The I'ma blast first, them I'ma send him his ending, cut 'em up Fuckin' him up the rectum, I disect the man I'm try to eat the neck and hand Slice him up like a Mexican Seconds, then his body is fricassee, shit is bleedin' You should see him, or you can be him I got dead human beings in the freezer, I'ma believer I ain't no Wally Cleaver, but I carry a meat cleaver I speak geek to people, I'm lethal, a little strange I eat it with cream of wheat and some butter that's mixed with brains I'm the Coat Hanger Strangler Hangin' him up, he's fried rice, he tried twice He's dry ice, tell 'em Tech N9ne! [Hook] Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! Thats whats happenin'! Strange Music Box! Got us tappin' in! Strange Music Box! Bump That slap Again! Strange Music Knocks! Back Up, Openin'! Strange Music Box! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Sundae, T-Nutty Album: K.O.D. Song: Check Yo Temperature Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) I keep my temperature at 74 when I'm at the crib And 79 in the winter time thats just how I live But when the homies call and say lets hit the town when we do them haters frown nigga turn the heat down I know we skip the line And bitches think we fine I know you feelin drunk n tough But you best recline You don't wanna get stained Its pain in this lane I'mma check they temperature They all up in my mix mane Whuttup suckas Aint no lookin back I just wanna know What'chu niggas lookin at I just come to kick it with the bitches I aint come for you If you really want it yeah my homies got a gun or two I take on every one of you whut'chu wanna do Don't forget I got this whole club on my side trippin is dumb'a you Stop, everybody whuts that sound? It sound like a hater bout to get the beat down With the quick And why they wanna go n get me pissed when they know I'm with me clique And a real nigga like mitch he's slick On this Hennessy, sprite and lemon Fuck these niggas invite the women Bustas wanna insight the grimin Now ya gatta invite the crimin-als Don't gimmie that bullshit Nigga dont gimmie no looks Ya better get over the shit A veterin knowin'll pathetic And let up fuckin ya hit me up kush So ya better snap ya fangers And then rock with it Cuz if ya chops spit it I'mma let somethin hot hit it Bout a hundred somethin he looked like he wanted somethin Remey had him beefy now he look like a honey bun or somethin (Hook: Tech N9ne) AYE why they always gatta trip wit'cha I'm mindin my bidness Now I gatta check yo temperature AYE playa hater man ya fixin' ta Make me lose it if ya heated when I check ya temperature AYE Now I aint come to play games so why ya gatta go n make me check ya temperature mane AYE N I guess we all gonn' bang If ya heated when I check ya temperature mane (Verse 2: Sundae) Kick it, stay fresh Step out, in my sundays best Bitches trippin you'll get slapped Hold up wait, watchu bitches lookin at? I'm callin askin why you askin bout me if for that liquor She said cause she spittin' vixen in a mix of Tech N9ne and Twista Lip singing and quick sand Flippin' bricks and gettin' chips man Hundred grand they spick-and-span Let louie v and my womens wet Who is she? Cause I been there Who is he? He aint a threat Who am I? KC Boss bitch Watchu doin? Tryin to snap back A hundred degrees I'm heated Eat it like it was your dinner roll You've never been a friend to me Bitch betta check yo temperature I'll block you like rocky on cocky Catch a lotta bombs Try to knock me from my heiarchy Straight down on calasackis These poppies like that seed that Hung from over seas We g's livin in that clipse so hard That stunday is a stootin star What the fuck you hoes stand for? Knowin you all are some scared hoes Make me start a girl fight Betta check this bitches fair height Blowin niggas I'm BeBe See broke niggas I Skeske I'll choke ya head Beacuse see they gon drop you like my CD (Hook) (Verse 3: T-Nutty) To tell you the truth we havin a ball There's bitches all over the place To Tell you the truth we havin a ball There's bitches all over the place There's bitches all over the place Why is you niggas all up in my face? I'm from the flipt a script and start trippin on them like Whatchu niggas lookin at? I think these niggas might need some glasses what they lookin at? I poodle tuckin its tail I aint ever been mistookin that Plus I can read your game plan like my book of raps Last nigga that tried it caught a ride n then he took a nap Nigga sleep go night night For fuckin wit niggas that fight fight And some of you suckas be hatin Cause we shinin like some bright lights T-Nutty your street buddy Tech N9ne and the click They betta act like they got system Lookin at me n go get in a bitch That nigga ?? Flipt a script And my nigga bow down Straight from cal with a .50 cal wow Ask around and they tell you blaow blaow Aint nobody trippin off of you I jus wanna kick it and be cool Half of these niggas are up in this motha fucka Wanna be part of the crew Cause they know we do the fool Go dumb and act retarded Dont ever like the started But you can be our target If I lose it open your mouth For this thermometer But check a niggas temperature Slidin' off with your chick and smokin bomb wit her (Hook) Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Irv Da Phenom, Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: Hunterish Typed by: hugo_thuglife@hotmail.com You're one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish  You're one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish  [Tech]  Unga bunga bunga, ingda bing da bunga  It's fun ta hunt the cunt ta ding the ding ta feed muh hunga  I jump on a bitch, pump on a chick, crunch n munch on a clit, dunk on a dick Somethin sunk in it quick, krump in it bit, humpin the Ninna, bring the thunda  I be the king'a kung, up in ya spleen, the weenas on ya  I - eat it up like sufamunda, cheese between lisagna  I - skeet it up, n giddy up, fiend fa cream, va-geena tongue  Then feed the need, we lump fa huntas, easily we done ya The gal sho look like fuck food ta me might as well, bitch, I know you suck dudes for free  I can smell slit, when I'm in lust to a degree  If the shell fits, I'm the dust, you is dibres, trick  If you one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish  We come for the wonder chicks, whos buns're thick to make my lumber spit  And my whole crew hunt  Want some'a that new chum  Kerri Hilson, sho looks good  Taste good too punk  You're one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish  [Irv Da Phenom]  (?) take notice I'm approachin, scopin out where the cushion at  Snatch her out this habitat, soon as I stab my hook in that  Can't stop lickin my chops, watchin her walk, n now I'm look at them pair of apple Bottoms n that bomb donka that she put in that  I got bottle full'a captain n jack, n I'm ready to get it crackin Baby now tell me whut'chu wanna do  I got a package full a magnums thats back at the pad if you wanna attack Then I'mma be strapped up for you  And all ya home girls, baby bring the whole hurd!  Its open season for pillow squeezin, n leavin toes curled  Inebriated, slightly faded, time to get it poppin  Pull u p the bus, open the doors, n all the bunnies hop in  Show me her naval ring, said theres one more underneath it  Tech I don't believe, Kalli whut you think? (LET ME SEE IT!)  The newest member of the Drill Team  I'm on the prowl  Just a wiff'a the feminin scent I'm equpin for infinite pimpin, its goin down  See baby girl, I'll beat it up, and put it in a headlock  When I snap n go primevil on that ass, makin the bed rock  You're one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish  [Krizz]  I'm a sexual preditor, better alert the neighbors  Cuz they desprite house wives, is just my flavor  Darth Vadar, pullin out my light saber  And they like my hard candy covered now and later  Spear chuck'a mutha (HEY!) I'm a hunta, gathera  Lookin for a super soaka n lofa ladderal  Bend'er over then ya stroke her, I mean ya stabbin'er  Get to pokin, get to strokin, I mean ya ravage'r  (?migowa?) I'm eatin bush babies right out the showa  Dine with me n N9ne, byin fine wine  We devour ya, carnivourish niggerish  I gobble the top ya like it was licorish  I even tell fat girls (HEY!) come here, are ya ticklish?  Dirk Diggler, might hurt'cha but might fit'cha  Honey want a hunt'cha just ta hit'cha  S'go on, take a chance, when I advance, don't freeze up  Somethin in ya pants I wanna beat up/ Cuz, ya-ya-ya-  You're one hunder-ed, we so hunter-ish Artist: Tech N9ne Album: K.O.D. Song: In the Trunk Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Hook: Tech N9ne) X2 Threw her in the trunk Was tryin' to smash Get her cash But her mouth was hella fast So I threw her ass (in the trunk) And even though she had a big plump rump I threw her in an let the beat bump (threw her in the trunk) (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) 2K11 ridin' solo In the Benz on the twins hella low pro Slangin' CDs out the trunk for moe doe My mojo said, "a thick bitch" so I go slow I pull it over tryin' to get up on her bumper Wantin' to crunch her so I said, "baby my new CD is a slumper" It'll make the trunk thunder Girl your rump give me lumber Up under the sheets I can put you in a real deep slumber She said fuck Tecca Nina didn't feel her Did everything within' my power not to kill her Disrespectfull bitch I really wish that I can grill her Light on my head said that put her in the trunk man you can steal her I put the hater bitch in a head lock, she flippin' out I pop the trunk she crunk but I ain't about to chicken out I'm sick and tired of bein' nice and lettin' shit go by She said fuck that Tech N9ne bullshit so I (Hook: Tech N9ne) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) I'm bumpin' everything that beat like gangsta shap I bangs the rap in her ear ti;; she gives thanks to that Never take a prisoner where you hang your hat Ima roll around with her in the trunk Poppin' that Tech N9ne slump till the little bitch faint collapse Ima roll to Topeka Tecca Nina'll reach her if I gotta double back to Eureka Crispy flows through my teetas Bumpin' this ring when I roll through atita Wait a minute I think this bitch is trying to kick a hole through my speakas Get my gun then I open the trunk and said, (Bridge: Tech N9ne & Girl) Tech N9ne: Get out the God damn trunk Girl: OK Tech N9ne: Get on the God damn ground! Take off your God damn belt! Tech N9ne: Put it around your anlkes! Ima tie up your wrist myself Girl: OK, OK Tech N9ne: I just wanted to drink and show u what the dong'll do  Girl: *SPITS* Tech N9ne: BITCH! The hell wrong with you?  (Jumps back into verse 2: Tech N9ne) Hey, the hot sex was not slam dunked  Rolled for hours then i stopped right off vanbrunt  When a bitch talkin crazy like a lost mans chump  Shode say "i throw a bitch in the god damn trunk!"  (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) Hours turned to days  Days turned to weeks  Had to drill holes in the trunk so she can drink and eat  Whatever i stuffed through the holes  Hot dogs and ho - hos  Kidnapped on the low low  Spoke no mo oh no go slow there go the popo  I gotta ditch this b**ch wit the quickness  Man i just remembered this benzo is lifted  From swope park  Thats where im bout to go dart  Let her no art for the evil bitch  And the brainless witch with no heart  It got so dark (Bridge 2: Newswomen) (Verse 4: Tech N9ne) Its been fun momma  Fed her my catalog like atarol  Fucked up in the trunk wit rump  Is how i had her yall In a ditch walked back to the trunk  Wicked is how i sounded  Whispered....bet that you love tech n9ne now bitch  "threw her in the trunk"..... Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Alan Wayne Album: K.O.D. Song: It Was An Accident Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) I was chillin wit a bitch and I was notcing she was so sadistic Wanted the Nina to bite on her nipples and twist it Sucking me off until she lost all of her lipstick You know how it is when you X-in on like 7 of 'um Wit a stick of Sherm and Adderall nigga had to love 'um Cause they get you lifted and thinkin' you unstoppable But what I'm bout to tell you is so fuckin'impossible I started giving the bitch my dick She loving the way my jimmy be jabbin' it Wanted me to cut her up I said never She said imagine it with the tip of her butcher knife I think I took her life This crazy hooker like pain then I put her right Fuckin' high and it's insane how she look at life She wish a nigga had fangs and he took a bite I'm beating it up wit an aim what the pussy like The pussy like to be banged like it took a fight Then she asked me to smack her Then she asked me to choke her So I choked her As a nigga got closer to the nut I choked her Even harder as I when I rose up out of the Chocha She wasn't breathing A horrible evening Couldn't get her to breath I really tried ta Did all I could of but it wasn't all to the good So I had to call the ambulance over to come to revive her (Hook: Tech N9ne) It was an accident HA Ha Ha oooooooooooooooo It was an accident HA Ha Ha oooooooooooooooo It was an accident HA Ha Ha oooooooooooooooo It was an accident HA Ha Ha oooooooooooooooo It was an accident... (Bridge: Tech N9ne) I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me (Backwards) I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me (Backwards) I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me (Backwards) I don't be findin' trouble, it be findin' me (Backwards) (Verse 2: Alan Wayne) Shit I was only 16 just shoein off Neva would'a imagined the gun goin' off I was just trying to show these niggas that I wasn't soft Stayed at 52nd street so that's what all these niggas thought Cause they was from hilltop Where niggas pill pop So I'm pulling up to the chill spot Wit the steel cocked Still not sure what I was thinking And back then I wasn't even drinking So I'm leaving Lincoln High School off Woodland Headed to the hood to out wit all the hoodlums Couldn't wait to show him what I was packing Knock on the door he answered "Whuuss Crackin" I said, "Shit, just chillin', just me and my bitch" "By my bitch I mean that 450 sittin on my hip" "Wanna see"? he said "yeah let me see" I pulled it out and gave it a quick squeeze I did'nt know it didn't have no safety Now this man is hit in his chest and he can't breathe Devil on my shoulder whispering "Leave nigga leave" But I swear.... (Hook) (Bridge) Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: Shadows on the Road Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Hook: Krizz Kaliko) I see shadows on the road again Wonder if they comin' for my soul I get trapped up in this mode i'm in And will I ever grow old (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) I member them high nights On X we find sites To climb heights Unheard to man we line white Molly up it had to be non fight Mix it with weed and wet it's chronkite  That shits beyond hype Spittin somethin we be trippin' and seeing some shit It's fuckin' up the buzz of me and the clique So we hop up in the whip And flee with the quick But the shadow make us qwerve and we on the strip Did you see the shit? (Yeah I saw the shit) Did y'all see the shit? (Yeah we saw the shit) All agree that a shadow was crossin' the street Then immediately vanished we need a hit (Hook) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) Is it comin' for me because of all the shit that I did in the past Was bad to people Mad and evil If your the A.O.D. i'm sad to meet you Angel of death when I quit doin' X Because of seeing you every night on the stretch So i've been clean for three years And counting still i'm seeing shadows will they scheme for me To follow them into the pit of despair Punishment for what I did in this lair What if evil spirits live in th road To take the kinrid spirits crippled up souls I don't know how the spirit thing goes Real or livin' in my fontal lobe Will I be livin' life until i'm okd Or will I be takin' by shadows on the road (Hook) Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: Low Typed by: hugo_thuglife@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne]  How could I be so down at a time like this, when I'm high like this  When the billboard charts when your major tours overseas when I fly like this  ive been thinking about the people that need me  They needy and all of the pain that I might miss  Sooner or later it seeks me reach me then bleed me, deep in the rain inside my pit  I'm goin down now, because my mom frowns  In a research psychiatric center without her son around  And I'm deep off in this hole  When I'm out here rockin shows (they say)  I SHOULD BE HYPED CUZ MY LIFE IS SO ROCK N ROLL  But I feel like the grinch mixed with ebaneezer scroug  Let the fever ooze up out of me clouded me never eager to  Let up when I'm in an interview they probably thinkin they gonna hinder dude  Cuz he be lookin like he might offend the rule  Never intricate to remember blues  Because is always right here  With the henessy and light beer  Let it enter me and fight fear, yea  I know I quit but I started back  The homey called the gat  And my bodyguard nicholas jus had a heart attack  [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko]  I'm sinking again, I'm drinking again  Drownin and Wildin you breathin' again  Is easy to sin when you bleeding within'  Needin the grin, cheese and recede in the spend  Lower than low, lower than low  Thats how I feel in the morning  Lower than low, lower than low  That's how I sound when you callin'  Lower than low, lower than low  I'm high but feel like I'm falling I'm sorry but I feel lower than low  [Verse 2 - Tech N9ne]  My smile is forced  My style is warped  Morale is corpse  Now that my really good pound is torch  I'm just gone with the wind & I'm home with the gin  To the dome when I spin  I'm a zone cause the phone must be roamin again  Another tone I'm alone now don't want me to spin  Time with I'm just mind this  Might find miss nine missed  I find my mind in this line dish  Dine quick not even a second for mindless  IN A MIDDLE OF A TIME WHEN THE MUSICS FLYIN I'VE DEPLETED MY KINDNESS  Low like the grasses, low like po folks on ***GRATIOT***  I'm so below the casket, ragged pulse up the maggots  Why do I feel this illness I'm lookin for somethin to come and kill this a little bit  I got my head in the hills cause the real shit is momma is sufferin takin pills with the stillness  And I feel it  I cant shake it  In any case my space is the basement  I cant erase my embrace of encasement  I'm chasin hatred my taste not complacin  So as I go to the flo  The industry finally opened the door  But now I'm in the mothafucka all I feel is, low  [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko]  I'm sinking again, I'm drinking again  Drownin' & Wildin you breathin' again  Is Easy to sin when you bleeding within'  Needin the grin, cheese and recede in the spend  Lower than low, lower than low  Thats how I feel in the morning  Lower than low, lower than low  That's how I sound when you callin'  Lower than low, lower than low  I'm high but feel like I'm falling I'm sorry but I feel lower than low Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: Leave Me Alone Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Tech N9ne - Intro] Where I'm at right now..  I ain't got no tolerance for somethin stupid  or hatred, or envy, if you bringin any one of those  How bout, LEAVE - ME - ALONE [Tech N9ne - Verse 1ne] They pray I'll free fall any day..  Well I don't need yall anyway Negativity give me nay, you finna hear me say. Just leave me right here with my Henny, save my chicks and plenty pay Your boy Tech done blown, an still rep the home  but now I just wanna be left alone They wish death and my flesh and my chromosomes  Slept my songs, they need a little bit less Patron And they holler, the WEIRDO! When I walk in the spot The zeros pissed c'cause they ladies wanna swaller, my year-old They live in squaller and fear though  They daughter come here though, she know I keep plenty Robert Deniro You punks'll never get to see me let a tear go Started hatin the second I busted a mere flow!  I just want you to get some gones, not near no Negative energy that is a remedy, aiyyo listen here bro [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Stay AWAY from me, please stay far away from me Leave me by my lonely, just LEEEET me be Stay AWAY from me, please stay far away from me Leave me by my lonely, just leave me alone! [Tech N9ne - Verse 2wo] The hood don't play me huh? Treat my Strange Music like rabies, huh? They be sayin Tech Nina, he crazy huh? But you want me on your video and CD You elementary rappers are straight remedial - A.D.D. I'm in my own world partna, and you don't fit there All your Tech hatred has got you soundin like a bitch, playa And this is to multiple haters and I swear it  Ain't about a pass homie, but if the shoe fit wear it nigga! It's a size N9ne, wanna step inside mine? It'll feel like you died tryin and you will know that I can't buy time  for you to catch Casper it's high time You tried crimes against me cause you couldn't follow the guidelines They say respect yo' elders!  You best go tell the Lord forgive you 'cause what's next - your failure! Just leave me where it's less your hell, brah Invest your mail to somethin that sell  'cause the Tech don't smell ya, Tech gon' tell ya... [Tech N9ne - Verse 3hree] We be singular, numero, uno, ichibon They want my doom and my funeral, psycho bitch be gone! Losin my lithium quickly this chick done hit me don  and bit me on my finger, tell Trav to get me bond 'Cause if it happens AGAIN! If it happens AGAIN!! I'ma - FFF- uh... BOYY!! I wish I had no problem with smackin a friend  wit a gat for snappin a chin But I got chicks that wanna get it IN, fo' sure I'm takin ALS the crazy hoes outta my lady mode  I'm done with the oldies, nothin but new shit in my radio Leave me solitary 'cause the way she go is shady though It's later for "Dere he go, no more Tech N9ne, let the baby know" All of you need to try clit, and straight deny DICK! Leave us alone 'cause you're mentally damaged, no try sick I wish I wasn't a star and the gentleman would die quick So next time you trippin, I'll flip and hit you in yo' eye, bitch! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Mackenzie O'Guin Album: K.O.D. Song: K.O.D. Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Wanna live in my world you have to have a Tech tat Preferably the number N9ne and you gotta get it where the back of you neck's at Gotta let me know that you rep that, plus get you out of a death trap You need it for living cause I'm the king and I'm giving you the permission to get with a no stress pack That was ordos at chlorum acuse the old world orders post mortem disfailure inhaling cell and delta Watched it swell and swelter till there was no male in shelter Yes I'm the one that provided ya shell in Hell and held ya When your politicians were welters So I built this structure just to help ya So the communists can come and quell ya They call me the King of Darkness when I offer you no pain Why would they label me heartless when your love is my cocaine And your soul is my rogaine I have a thirst to know your brain When you enter my domain gotta take this number for your name But you don't have to drink cyanide I'm gonna be right by ya side If we gotta take that riot ride on the enemy adn defy your side Fight for the place we're building for the preroduction of more children Trying to get that number back around 6 billion I'm gonna rule until then Founded this colony like a pilgrim anybody try to penetrate this section or threaten we KILL THEM (Hook: Mackenzie O'Guin) X2 What if? K. O. D. O. K. O. D. O. What if, he is, what he says he is? The King Of Darkness! K. O. D. O. K. O. D. O. (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) xes lliw eb yrotadnam yliad ylthgin This, women need to be living by it Stay fit n way driven paste it and dye it I am the king killer captain crazed frigging pilot Giving you these khaki pants and white shirt, that's what you wear on my Earth Eliminating your eye thirst to have any kind of desires To envy material or admire, my way will extract any type of divider I'm offering this wider  Understanding of life and tiredly blissfully vading friction and fire, cha The number N9ne will get you food, even get you tools To build anything your family choose, but within my rules All white shoes with red strings for all my crews That lets me know you Tech's people listening inside my pews All your dreams and aspirations This is the affirmation  That you can reach 'em and my world is not a disaster waiting The ruses and lacerations no chooses of aggravation I'm just try'na rehab a nation from exasperation It's not an exaggeration, I'm something more than your blood and gore On a level higher than devils or that of Satan (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) What I did "Anghellic" I was good and bad, straight confused Then an angel turned to Devil Boy when the Reperation blew Them demons had "Absolute Power" when I drug abused So the angels searched through the "Vintage Tech" what they found was the love was through Then an accident would happen that made life necessary So now receiving God, the angel was 'Everready' But the Melancholy strikes, the eleven angels mommy's life So the Mizery sat in the angels now becoming ice As mom got ill and iller, when it hurts her he can feel her To the strain of the pain made of bane there's no more angels straight up KILLER! My apologies, it's not very God of me to go crazy and try to teach the whole world 'Sickology' I was then split in two, back to the beginning view Angel demon cause the killer showed me death was overdue But I gotta live for my kids, all the eveil stuff I did Taught me to teach you, you can love then no matter how much sluts you did Or dug, you met my demon back when I had that grudge But I gotta let you know most of my spirit comes from up above I'm mostly angel, and you know sometimes we fall Living under God and I hope he's listening when I say I love you all! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: K.O.D. Song: The Martini Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Krizz Kaliko) The Martini In movie terms, directors use this phrase to describe the last shot of the day while on set The stories you are about to hear are true The names have been kept the same to reflect the Strange This is the Martini... (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) This is Sam. He was so in love with her, but she was young So that put her off in a jam Though, she was sweet as a yam She wanted to explore other options with her man Straight sending Sam into a rampage And no matter what his fam says He's lost without this woman And don't wanna live any damn ways Now he's thinkin', that he ain't gon' live She ain't gon' live And the other man's mercy, he ain't gon' give This what love do, it cops a .38 snub to Knock on ya door, and take somebody that used to love you Rub you the wrong way, then it's blood true Love through, she's slug one and he's slug two Then on a rainy evening, with a panicked feelin' Went to her home and looked through the window and Sammy sees them The door's between her and the Necromancer And what you think is gon' happen if she answers? (Hook: Krizz Kaliko) Take a drink It's more than what you think I gotta let you know Don't plan on letting you go But if you have to leave That's where we'll end the scene This is the Martini. Last shot's for you or me.... (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) Yo, This is Isaiah I guess he was aight, say a Lady's man, all the women used to call him the KCI Playa Flying multiple chicks in, give the stick then dismiss them But somethin's gonna happen that'll twist him He fell in love with a beautiful black woman But he ended up having a couple problems with that woman Talkin' to other men, did it behind his back on 'em Facebook, Computer love, crept on the Mac on 'em Now he's salty, cause he found the woman he loves is faulty He told her at the very beginning 'Don't You Ever Cross Me.' Now that she did it, he plans to do something unlawfully Get a gun off the street, because he was treated so awfully One bullet for her, one bullet for him Crimes of passion, ain't no more pullin' for them And the worst way, we broke apart, it really hurts lady I've gotta go, but yo, you gotta go first baby (Hook) (Verse: 3 Tech N9ne) This is Brian He was a rebel and stayed on another level And had no intentions of dying He loved Kim a lot, above them was not But a jealous ex-husband would love them to rot I guess he loved kim still His only thoughts him, them, kill 'Cause he a coward motha fucka On Christmas Eve he broke in and waited in they house for hours Crazy mother fucker! Brian pulled up with Kim and little Alissa in the car Saw a shadow in the house from afar and said 'Wait!" Got out the car, opened the gate, walked in the house And her fucking ex sealed my nigga's fate. That was my best friend, Bitch Ass Nigga! Walked out the house and shot Kim right in front of Alissa Then he saved the last shot for him, blast! Now you better hope I don't go to hell, because I'ma be on your ass! (Hook) (Outro: Krizz Kaliko) Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Ollie Gates Mixed Plate Song: O.G. Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Raised in the middle of the land full of barbaque stands and the brothers throw hands Every buddy gritten gettin grands Kansas city were the pretty women make you say DWAM! Kicks it like a donkey cause we famous  Wicked women want me cause I came up  This is were the homies trip and say what Yo we from the show get my money and we pay up Got on my Five o Ones and my gritter posture I fit her proper  If she papered I'm in her choppers Letin her know this ninna dinner cost her and I'm famous squash her so animal like someone better get her doctor This boys born and raised in KC M.I.Z.Z.O.U.  But once in a while I hit the L.K. for ladies cause they straight B A.K. You then back to Kansas city were is gates all on they plate we think about it and we crave it when we vacate I represent the MO and all the way to K state Call me Tech N9ne but teachers and students call me A. Yates (Hook: Tech N9ne) I'm hella fine like the food at Ollie Gates Strawberry baked bean mixed plate So everybody just bounce rock skate Cant wait O.G. Ollie Gates O.G. Like Ollie Gates O.G. Like Ollie Gates O.G. Ollie Gates O.G. Baby This is Kansas City (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) We be ??? pretty young things yo we got are selves in Like dun deal I'm a popper Blouzin Get her hot and ready listenin to Roger Troutmen Rest In Peace baby  Seven this beats crazy Teach babyz we used to listen to this at least 80 We kansas city steppin no question we reppin 56 and 57 we know that if he jeffen then hes shady K.C.K.'s gate got the chicken wing this'ell bring traffic when the people ???? So you better be listening cause the don is sniffin green This is the mission get ya when you hittin your nicotine They got your money man and you know that they aint somethin delicous yea you know the trey say gates Thats the place were they come and getcha if the pay late But I stay great cause everyones bangin the A. Yates (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) North side were is you (HEY!) South side were is you (HEY!) East side were is you (HEY!) West side, what it do? (HEY!) (TECH N9NE) Aint no bodys sauce like this Aint no other barbaque boss like this The feel rellas might cost quite a bit Ya we do it but the fire aint brought like this O.G. told me go see If the other citys Q is G.O.O.D. But he knew that id find out slowly Just like my KC barbaque they cannot hold me, A. Yates (Hook) I'm hella fine like the food at Ollie Gates Strawberry baked bean mixed plate So everybody just bounce rock skate Cant wait Now everbody say Lalalalalalalalalala, lalalalalalalalalala Now Everybody Say Lalalalalalalalalala, lalalalalalalalalala Damn Boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Gates Mixed Plate Song: Harvey Dent Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Tech N9ne) This Tech N9ne baby  And I don't do just one thing  I'm everything  If I did one thing  All y'all would agree  But you don't  So you want me do some madness  Y'all want the crazy shit  But I just wanna kick it sometimes  Drink some fuckin Caribou Lou and KC Tea GODDAMN! (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) They want madness  Anghellic and sadness  Fans relish when gladness is damned  Devilish and ashes  But I like this cash  This massive magazine ad  Gets crackin  Attractive chicks passin  Is rap and actresses never asses  They want the clown  The paint and the evil frown  The drinkin, the needle now  The taint and no feeble sounds  But I need your pounds, your pesos  Your people down with this label  And I be so bound for that halo when I be low ground?  They want that black magic  That savage with bad habits  And grab at and stab rabbits  The maggot that has cabbage  But I'm at that fast status  With swagger that's past average  My glasses and rag matches  Don't mean flag and it's no blast added  They say bizarre he went  They love him and dark he vents  Popin the chart  He sent naughty shit to everybody's tent  I wanna be at the party bent  Listenin to Parliament  Sorry this part of me's a gnarly gent  They call me (Harvey Dent) (Hook: Tech N9ne) People be  Talkin bout  This an that  Sayin it  And I hear  Can I get  Back what I  Started with  Want me, want my old shit, buy my, buy my old albums  Want my old shit, buy my, buy my old albums (Harvey Dent) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) They want the demon  The animal that spread the semen  The cannibal  Sign of the heathen  Who's eatin meat 'n no vegan  But I get my fees  And I'm reachin for the decent skis  And a piece of the be frequent beats  And the freak and be hit the cheesing  They want the dark knight  They want a bar fight  Hard bites  Art is the smartest thing  In this scarred life  Women that's our vice  They starin at our ice  Matter what's at the tar lights?  But I hittin the car twice  They want that killer clown  They want the milla sound  Gorilla that pill ya for scrilla  But I hold the villa down  I'm chinchilla now  With Maczilla I tap chillas  You rap niggas you hate  But it's still a crown  Just call me two face  On the right side I got healthy pearly whites  On the left side I got a tooth ache  I'm Asmodeus but then I'm Master Farah?  Black people think I'm a devil  And the white people think I'm a God (Hook) (outro: Tech N9ne) People come up to me and they say they like the older stuff you knw what im sayin' Like Anghellic and Calm Before The Storm But i gotta evolve ya know what im sizzlin'? If you don't like the new shit then go buy the older shit Artist: Tech N9ne Album: The Gates Mixed Plate Song: KC Tea Typed by: mrmist@msn.com  (Intro: Little Kid) What y'all drankin' on? (Bridge: Tech N9ne) What you want What you need What you havin' What will it be All we need is Hennesey Then a Sprite Sqweeze a twist of lemon This one is the buisineisum (Verse: 1 Tech N9ne) I don't make this drink by the gallon I make it by the cup, then I'm stylin' Got KFK, Slaughter House and Brother Allen On KC Teas we all over the world wild'n (Hook: Krizz Kalico) Hennesey, twist of the lemon with the Hennesey, Sprite go right with the Hennesey, make your night go right with the KC Tea (KC Tea) (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) I like to drink it in a real big wine glass  At my place with full of women lettin' time pass With Hennesey, Sripte and lemon baby I mash Drunk as a skunk but the second one im on your fine ass The first variation from the homie Vito We grink the Hennesey and lemon where ever we go Then add the Sprite from seven was me yo Then me a Kalli named it in a Las Vegas casino Lemon or lime it don't matter if you slum (man that sound real good) Taste good too punk A double shot into your cup will get you crunk Too much more and when you wake up and you thump like Bam bam aww dwamn This is how you feel the next day because you slamed the KC Tea  Gotta take easy like E This is Tecca Nina's Kansas City spiked tea (Bridge) (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) Fill the cup full of ice first Cause the Hennesey will melt a little ice and it might urk Me when I'm all up on a little tight skirt I need a fully loaded Kansas City tea to quenchin my thirst If you ain't got no real lemon Just let a little lemon or lime juice spill in 'um I know alot of caucasian people don't really do the Hennesey but the way I make it I will in 'um Covert alot of people every year and On Saint Patties Day I shared it with really weird fans They started fightin' and my leg was near 'em I told them take it easy theres a beverage here man Kc Tea is 100 mane Check it if it's flat Sprite then I don't want it mane My money mane is on Hennesey in the image on cream corn I'm runnin' thangs (I'm runnin' thangs) (Bridge) (Hook) (Verse 4: Tech N9ne) A lot a men never sinned on the Hen  Where ya been boy boy where ya been?  It'll have ya wit her again and again  Even strong enough to do her lesbian friend  If you can't handle her then hand her to me  Cause im at five of em and I'm bout to hammer the V  Even got it set up for the camera to see  I'm wit her but I'm really picturing Angela Ye  She aint wearin nothing but blonics on her feet  KC Tea got me really supersonic in the sheets  Hittin harder than sticky icky chronic on the streets  So nice to wake up in the bathroom aint no vomit on the seat  Bartender made it right and I'm sure because it tastes sweet like candy  Yeah, and Ludacris you can make it with Conjour  And 40 you can make it with Landy but Authentic is the  (Tech N9ne talking over the hook) HENNESSEY (It's about 38 a Fifth)  HENNESSEY (In Canada is like 68)  HENNESSEY (But Wal-Mart got it for 20 BOY Yeah! let's go!)  KC TEAA (KC TEA!)  (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Icey Rock Craven, Brotha Lynch Hung & Sundae (NNUTTHOWZE) Album: The Gates Mixed Plate Song: What's Yo Psycho (Strange Music Pre-Order Digital Bonus Track) Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Icey Rock Craven) Born in the basement of Bizzle Brought to life by Icey Rock and Tech N9ne The many faces of madness I bring to you, the NNUTTHOWZE! (Hook: Tech N9ne) x2 NNUTTHOWZE in this bizznitch Sick shit is our business Fly high by the night so (muthafucka) Let me know What's yo psycho? (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) My psychosis is I can't keep focus Without doses of beautiful hostess Is oh shit so thick roasted  I dosed it  Im so sick wit it Ladies is supposed to get, get it Below the clit I liked it I rolls to wicked ya dig it By designa im the kind ta Climb behind her Fine dime to slime her Wine and dine thine Is minor  When its time to grind her Blind with signs im gona find a vigina Mouth bowls you came to brown hoes The town hoes you chose the grown poles whicked whicked sounds vulgar Knows the lows blows  The clothes is all over her clothes but told ya I'm sick for sexposer Ain't no secret  I really love to eat it That quick spits  And jumps up to my back when they release it Sometimes I just wish I could just cut it out and keep it That 6688846993 shit  (Hook) (Verse 2: Brotha Lynch Hung) Sloberin at the mouth I love my teeth I chew that meat up I really dont give a fuck I do that heat 'um up while leak up Slices of me N I N E, S T R A N G E Get off tonight yo hit the night though Heat when I hear a ATB Off the hook like a fish with his lip cut She never got away rip gut Creepin behind me you'll find a dead ???? I ain't lyin' Cut off the head and I hide it  Devide the body up I'm probably the sickest nigga in rhymin' Sychie might be  When I give my 9 milli a tight squeeze Ain't nobody like me My mind be runnin' off light speed Like me, to get um off they Nike's  Infered, sight beem  Went out the back with a slight mean Gettin' off like the S.W.A.T. team  Fuckin' um up like im cuttin' um up with a knife seem I'm breakin' off rappers im sight seeing I just love to eat human beeings You could see um Fuckin' a bitch with razor blade, hand grenades Imma be makin' that red lemonade....GRRRRR! (Hook) (Verse 3: Sundae) You right though Ain't no sickness without a psycho Ask me whats my psycho You could eat it on my cycle You could beat it like you Micheal I want my cut like lypo Feel cheated on like ??? By Tiger and them white hoes I'm sickning, lick me Doggy style might pick me I'm pissy If you can not dick me till I'm shiting I'm ticking Like a time clock on a trick beam I get seen on a 50 inch flat HD  My pussy yeah you hick-ups You thirsty won't you lick up I'm a nutty little bitch huh? You love me cause I'm NNUTTHOWZE Go nutty on a bitch, why FAA ???? I cash chips like a casino My whips are europeano Got his lips like El Nino Like I'm carrie you'll get peed on (Kisss kisss) NUTTHOWZE in this bizznitch Im a go, go, go getter might go Where sickness is our business (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Tonesha Sanders Album: Seepage EP Song: Seepage Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Moral is shorter My heart and my brain and spirits out of order And now the lord of falice have thou recorder Fallen angel warrior at the bottom drained to boiler All remains a horror destroyer In the middle of saddam and gamorda Punk shit all around Everybody been calling clown The crawlin town Get wicked rip this sickness is fallin down Over this basic gay shit erase it face it Wake this hatred and make this place get APESHIT! No kinda way you stoppin this Flow gonna make apocalypse Powers stop lots of mockin shit Lot of us often is blockin this Optimists positive hope for the futures loss of awesomeness I can get boss and alot of us will rot and pop like hot sausages I am not the light I am the opposite Through narcassistic awfulness I'm keeping tech off of this rocker Black heart im darker peep it this is the thesis wrote in fesus Im as beast as broke in leashes little secret I am in Seepage (Hook: Tech N9ne & Tonesha Sanders) Heartless Darkness I feel it seeping out of me Watch this Raw shit  Seepin out the anatomy Heartless Darkness  I feel it seeping out of me It's gotten me nausious the seepage deep inside of me Touch it (touch it) Feel It (feel it) Love it (love it) Seepage (Seepage) Touch it (touch it) Feel It (feel it) Love it (love it) Seepage (Seepage)  (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) Do you believe it KOD Yes when you see them nod He's in season the reason light is leaving he's even odd All 6's and 7's mauled bitches and reverends Frauds quick gonna get stepped in When the hog pit it is in heaven Dog shit if he's the messenger when he take a threat then bless a wet nigga Instead of getting a strech and put death on a replica That is the weakest piece of release But the seepage has no disgretion for Check in bro with a plethra is to lession ya Big Yates he's stuck in the sick state Some speakin that his fate to be wack when he gets cake Well he gets cake and the critics they spit hate But the siniter shit shakes so long to the mixed plate I just ate put a punane and mustard Cycles in lust stars eating seepage these nuts charred What I got to say to the people who pick at and gut stars Thinkin Imma lose the ability to bust hard you fucktards (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) The KODs a hothead The shocks and the socks red And the darkness is not dead Regalide up like mop-heads Chop heads off soldier like my name was ack-med  Alahua ackembah rogget ardem dantes yates  Oh Muhfuckas im coming out of his nose Im running out of his toes His throat and clotted his soul Peep his crowd as it grows No matter what route is chose He's climbing right out his globe Dont doubt it how loud it blows The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Scoob, Krizz Kaliko Album: Seepage EP  Song: Asshole Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Tech N9ne) A.S.S.H.O.L.E. The word is mainly used as a profanity towards someone the speaker does not like Whose behavior is hurtful, self-centered, or particularly abrasive. (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) MCs come around me talkin' bout, "your stage show is off the hook"  As i'm walkin' out As if to say my performance is why they gawkin' Outside that i'd be lost in doubt the lyrics that a nigga be tossin' out You muh'fuckas can't see Tech I mean be Tech  And these rejects lyricly don't got no electricity We that quickily Eject when your shit inside the cd deck We just put in the dope shit we rep Then we jet i mean split like a V-neck nigga  Nigga thats disrespectful Never test the next bro When he up the air like Craig Smith, Tech and Nesto Standin' next to Necro  We blessed to let flow  Get dough Even though you know we gets the pest-o Kalli say that it's a compliment When they say they love the show  But you knw I spit that monsta shit All you mediocor rap mothafuckas tryin' spit Ill murder yours ya im an asshole when its time to shit, nigga (Hook: Tech N9ne) You can label me a Asshole Cause i'm fast burn your ass on blast i'm a natural Call me ???  Little stinka You ain't touchin' me in this arena (NOOO) You can label me a Asshole Cause i'm fast burn your ass on blast i'm a natural Little ??? Don't make toot toot  You don't wanna make me have to show proof (NOOOOO) (Verse 2: Big Scoob) Let me at 'um Nigga line 'em up I smell pussy These niggas funny  Nigga bout the rappin' they be steady wolfin' They barely eatin' BUt believe they can see me eithins Or be my hiethins Best believin' it's gona end with squezin' I'm not a rap cat Could give a fuck about your vicious flows Big homie stay strap with the force so i got heat to blow But i don't freestyle and waste ryhmes like half of ya I'm still spectacula It's just a different vinacula I'm disrespectful i can give a fuck bout your hip hop I'm tryin to eat you niggas meat I'm comin for your spot  Fresh up off the block And i won't stop untill i reach the top I'm Killa City's B.I.G. i'm guessin' Ninas Pac Damn right nigga quaoted and unquaotable Any problems we can solve them nigga let me know We the new niggas Strange Music takin' over And there ain't nan nigga safe, even Hova (Hook) (Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko) Asshola me yo I'm super sick and sodomize ya right My bad attitude will be my demise Don't look me directly off in my eyes I might get insecure bout what you staren bout Rip you fuckin hair right out Mr. Nice Guy i might seem when you meet me But niggas might die if i'm deeming your speach beefy Kiss em bye bye if he ain't speedy to leave me Had to nighty nighty em cause a nigga seemed sleepy (What an asshole) The world did it to me Staren at my face like it's playing a movie Twist my lip off and my lip off  Not polite time so that means im soft? You think i'm chicken i think you bitch is the dippin sauce All i got is hard dick and bubble gum Can't give ya neither one  Your bitch is too troublesome Yeah id like to sign my name on your poster But don't slip me your demo it's gona end up as a coaster I'm an ASSHOLE (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne  Album: Seepage EP Song: Alucard Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Tech N9ne) From the depth of Mizzery I stood Now and forever Exodus, insanus, knocturnus (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Alucard when im on stage Alucard in the booth when im loose and see no days When it's too right I be rippin' the mic everyday and every night a nigga won't lay Down for no one towns go fun down under sorround the globe to flow some Timeless lyrics im that spirit that keep it young but old one Handle my business  Other rappers have no stanina in this They be livin' glist and glam and they finish But i've been in it since the man did begin it in the shit But why is the N9na so intricate? And life is seemin' so infinite They callin him a demon when he steadily feedin' the needs and be keepin it limitless I was back in the days When the rappin' amazed  Everybody wanna rap at the waves Alot of rappers up from the passin away But I was there and nigga i'm still here the killa that been feared For livin' in them years and leavin' em in tears Hella fast when he say the lyrical lash and with a passion he spray Alucard in ya dreams everlastin' life ain't hard as it seems Part of the thing Got me eatin rappers up if you step you gon start a machine Losing so many lives All alone in the skies I've been livin' so long and this music was still goin' through it seen so many die (Hook: Tech N9ne) 2X Alucard everlasting Timeless bars when i'm rapping All these stars never last Yet I will still stand while everyones passing (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) Been around for the rise and fall of many and standing up y'all They was in the same game heavy involved now you ain't livin' at all Alot of these people looked dead to me Then I knew it would the heridity They never credited me now they wana know the secret to my longevity I think it's in my blood My scent begins to flood Everybody on the planet understand it I give them a drug And i get no rest time Until it sets shines I say it's Alucard, you call it Tech N9ne By now you know i'm more than just a rapper I will be now and yes i will be after I am older than fuckin' ghetto blasters But they wonder why youngsters love me label me master I am faster than all of you bastards Livin' at the bottom I got up and then I brought em a bullet from a gun imma long laster Now you ask for explanation my last word A-L-U-C-A-R-D read it backwards (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Tonesha Sanders & Jessica Slankard Album: Seepage EP Song: Bite Me Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Intro: Tech N9ne & Jessica Slankard) Tech N9ne: mmmmm u feel it? Some girl: awww ya Tech N9ne: Grrr....grrr...grrrr Some girl: bite me...harder...harder...harder (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) She don't even know Lil' mean girl Get carried away and bite her to let her blood stream flow Accidentally leave her cold el nino Pinot noir gushing outta this teen hoe At 19 should'nt be so damn freaky But they on it And they want it Hit them split Then leave em leaky But this particular chick poonani's think and beefy Rich and seepy Oh yes I have a female animal beneath me She all in it then she told a nigga to bite her neck I'm excited cause the gush will give my nut the right effect But where will I hide a set of double Ds It I try to get her jugular open I'm gonna keep with the pokin' Have to really be strokin' her all night I'm wet sunk my teeth in Bitches in heat send me over the top they goet hot Then I gotta bring the beast in She knows not what she ask or what this night be This might the day that she die cause she told an animal to... (Hook:Jessica Slankard) 2x Bite me  Excite me Just bite me Not lightly I hope the scar is forever Baby im getting wetter The harder the better The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's and 7's Song: The Pledge Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [NASA liftoff voice counts up instead of down] One, two, three, four Five, six, seven, six Seven, six, seven, six Seven-six seven-six sev-six sev-six sev-six sev-six sev-six-sev-six-sev-six {*repeats inaudibly fast 'til explosion*} [a group of individuals speak slowly in unison] Together we are, a powerful force As one, mind body and soul Let no evil enter, nor attempt to reduce us Because of the beliefs, we hold And with this love, combined with our strength We ward off, pain and stress Technician I am, wholeheartedly In life, and, in death {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Technicians Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] E-S-T is 1985 in KC on a bus ride from the fifty-sixth side Not too many knew that it was alive But they spread it, so now they tied to Technicians worldwide Listen, trying to recruit is the mission We offer you a position where Tech will rule and condition your brain to know acting a fool is the vision, Caribou Lou is tradition and the way to be true to your living is Strange We come in peace, but if you wanna be dumb and beef a gun is something he wanna be, young and speak, I'ma numb his beak He's a woman, he's the one that, he brung in meat for the cunning beast Hit a lung and seep dung, and sleep long and deep, tongue full of gum and teeth It's when a Technician do the sets who diss the crew The best thing is for you to do is to let the click see who the vet is, and miss the new seekers Wondering who the fuck is coming through these speakers Never forget it, the medic for you tweakers Ahead of the medicine developed to soothe creatures You're pathetic if you're no believer cause we all are energetic and eager Come alive when you walking side by side with me Fly the skies and get high with me On this ride you won't collide, just confide in me Try denying me, ye dying violently That's the way, you fakers got to pay My people quick to spray and buck a demon till they lay But if he breathing, it must've been an angel by his side like Sunday Never would be the case cause my click ready to ride when I say [Chorus: Tech N9ne] + (Krizz Kaliko) Technicians~! Ah-ooh, ah-ooh, ah-ooh, others ain't got a clue They coming through suspicious We do, the shit, we do, cause if you not with the crew converting you is our mission (If you were born Technician, put your ammunition  and your hands up in the sky  This is a strong addiction, live to this if  you're a Technician till ya die) [Tech N9ne] My people all know what a Bianca is Most of 'em want to diss, don't come at us, you don't want the biz It ain't nothing but real women in my circle, not them phoney chicks that don't know what I mean when I say elbow macaroni bitch They know what I'm drinking The ladies looking right, they know what I'm thinking The babies even hype, the oldies be geeking The red, the black and white, the soldiers beef seeking All of my peoples here Tech and the bidness are gonna equal fear cause I'm about to bubble and get the evil peers out of my life, I never want to see you, yeah~! Bitch, you ain't a Technician You don't know the pledge but you said that you listen Guess you misunderstood the shit, huh? Disrespect that Tech, trick get done The moral of the story is we warriors Notorious for the hordes of core, ready to roar, he is glorious Technician number one The mission, leave 'em sprung with the tongue and if you listen it's a gun [Tech N9ne] We are family, that Tech shit, we on it We could be damaging, to all you punks that want it We bring calamity, that snake and bat, we flaunt it Unforgettable, Tech's formidable, repping the Mid, you know bitch we run it~! You don't gotta know that I really meant it when I said that I was gonna make the mainstream go me Still rapping like I'm popping a pillow, off of the killer I'm on it like I was taking Molly in '03 We can take anybody we so deep, I bet that you got us on yo' street I'm tryna find a spot that's big enough so all of my people can meet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Military Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tech N9ne] AYYYYYYY~! One, two, three, spit it Together we are, a powerful force As one mind, body, and soul Let no evil enter, nor attempt to reduce us Because of the beliefs we hold And with this love, combined with our strength We ward off, pain and stress (READY~!) {*guns cock*} Technician I am - wholeheartedly (AIM~!) In life, and in death (FIRE~!) {*rapid automatic fire*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B, Hopsin Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Am I a Psycho Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [B.o.B] I see you loo-king at me Loo-king at me, so I ask Am I a psycho? Am I a psycho? Yeah, I'm a psycho I guess I'm a psycho [Tech N9ne] You're crazy - I like you, but you're crazy, my tours paid me So I used that dough to allure ladies to manure bathe me Never that, my mind's for sure shady, pure Hades Rev X steady couldn't endure to save me Why did I let this stripper burn me on the arm with a cigarette in the same spot ten times in a row, when I felt that burn upon the clitoris I'ma get her wet, sorry to get carried away I feel stupid cause I ain't did her yet Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts I get vexed when I ain't bit her neck open, I try to contain it but that dame thang's soaking Alter ego say why you let them gang bang folk in? Strange lane, hoping I can maintain coping But ain't nobody talking when the insane mayne spoken I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws from up in her walls, I'm suffering, I'm stuck in her claws Stuffed in her jaws, huffing and puffing, hollering, I'm a dog Afterwards I like really hot scalding water on my balls [Hopsin] Mom? Dad? I'm no longer the boy you're used to seeing I've changed a lot, plus I've grown to hate every human being My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes Now I'm doing things I don't normally do, when illusions seem to be the only pleasures I can gain, heck, if I was sane I would have put down the mic and said fuck it, I'll never rise to fame But with the wicked records I contain, I could probably jeopardize your name No lovey-dovey, let's ignite the flame, if you're lucky you'll survive the pain Sorry that ain't very merry to say, why is this game so scary to play? Well, let me think, cause every day my balls are getting too hairy to shave Pause a minute, I'm stressing the game, if I go to Hell then Heaven's to blame I don't mean to come off crazy, but you motherfuckers seem to think I'm hella deranged When I was seven years old, I fell on my head and I severed my brain You think I'm lying? Then ask my mama nigga, she can tell you the same Should I be ashamed? No, I'm living my life so ghetto fabulous Before you get bent out of shape my nigga, let me ask you this [B.o.B] I stab you with this mic and rap this verse I'm rapping to you Matter of fact, I'm rapping through you Never say my motherfucking name unless you absolutely have to I am not no fucking jacket with no matching shoes and you are not no fashion guru Can't even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rapping to you Matter of fact, act like I'm rapping to you if that gives you passion to use this as an excuse, then just jump up at a conclusion that I'm attacking you dudes, it's just like old fashion voodoo Y'all ain't even the shit, no y'all ain't even the doodoo I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my Toobos So I'm slapping you foolish with wooden paddles, you stupid Baby-sitting little bastards like little afternoon children You could call me psychotic, but it's more like schizophrenic And I can speak, can anyone tell me just where my medicine is? Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is Man I swear I'm all up out my brain like graduate students I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it But I wonder how it would look if I woulda peel it back with a skillet Then I'ma feel it crack when I hit it and then I'ma split it back when you ill it Damn it Bobby boy, what in the Hell? What in the Heaven? What in the earth? Where is you mom? What, are you cursed? Where are you from? Where was your birth? Where were you first? Why wasn't you in church? Why is there dirt, all on your shirt? Man, now I think that you're going berserk [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's and 7's Song: He's a Mental Giant Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Tech N9ne] They said I was a narcissist Ha ha, well narcissist this... trick Yeah, Strange Music baby~! He's a mental giant - that's what they say He's a mental giant - to those whom naysay Hey! Hey! [Verse One] Hey! I'm lookin down on you niggaz Even though I'm five-eight and 195 pound on you niggaz So tall I can't even hear any of the sound you deliver Me and my partners never see any of the hateful frownin you give us Cause we smile at the bitty braggin whack rappers You happen to be the best at the gat master But down to the simple fact here's a strap past to blast at ya, that's after the yappin put him in the casket in my last chapter That's laughter; half past 'em Movin fast when they breakin mass on the black Dracula Smashin 'em with a gat that'll bust at'cha It went to my head, it's my first time To be cocky, I'm just a giant when I burst ryme My leg is humongous, is y'alls verse mine? Steppin on mine I can't stop my leg like Robert Cline Giant robot, make you feel very low shanked I am so hot, in my skills there be propane Why I'ma squash them and kill every po' thang? Cuz I'm a huge, Pillbury dough man He's a mental giant (Tech N9ne) {*2X*} Yeah Tech let's go! He's a mental giant - that's what they say He's a mental giant - to those who naysay Hey! Hey! [Verse Two] Narcissistic (grr) hard to grip it (grr) Dark and wicked (grr) arts prolific (grr) Mars with the stars this is far lifted Lyrics quit the bar with it, bar scriptures are terrific Ghetto spitter wit a bit of bitter marketin With skrilla then a fifth of Henny liquor start to twist it Critics sit and shiver in the slit of zillas Pit of killers gritters hitter clickers Silly niggaz are ficticous On top of the game, I'm droppin the rain Godly gifted, hop in your lane and stoppin your fame Bark is vicous (grr) you got bars to witness Y'all submissive when I get your brain your thoughts is shifted I'm incredible, highly technical, nympho triumph Raw intricate, I need medical then mo' science Scars and stitches, alphabetical gems blow by him Pause it a bit, Tech N9ne a mental giant! He's a mental giant (Tech N9ne) {*2X*} Yeahhhhhhhhhhh~! Tech, N9ne [Verse Three] Mentally I'm like Shaq on stilts Strange Music Inc. is white and black owned, built For keepin rap on tilt Like drinkin Pa-tron and Jack prone to yak on silk quilts Got a fat dome that'll last long if that's where I'm skilled Giant, huge, humungous, gigantic, expanded Been floatin for years and I ain't landed Haters can't stand it, the way that my noggin as big as Kansas But the women that listen wanna know if I'm talkin 'bout my damn dick He's a mental giant (Tech N9ne) {*2X*} HA HA HA HA, Tech, N9ne! [Outro: Tech N9ne] Yadda, they think my head big Ask her, if my head big Ha ha, ha ha, yadda Yeah, Tech N9ne~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Busta Rhymes, Ceza, D-Loc, JL, Twista, Twisted Insane, U$O, Yelawolf Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Worldwide Choppers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * Ceza and U$O rap in Turkish and Danish languages, respectively  I did not include those lyrics, so any help would be greatly accepted [Ceza] (Turkey)  {*rapping in Turkish*} [Interlude] We started in the Midwest! Now we 'bout to take it! All over the world baby! This is the pinnacle! Yeah~! TECH N9NE! [Tech N9ne] Follow me, all around the planet I run the gamut on +Sickology+ They could never manage, we do damage with no apology Pick 'em off the planet, got little manic cause I gotta be frantic, I'ma jam it cause I'm an oddity Gobble the track up like I'm grubbin at Mama Naka's I could pop at you proper cause I'm partners with Waka Flocka Gimme the top of hip-hop and watch him make 'em rock with a show stopper Chakras poppin off the (worldwide choppers~!) If you anybody you notice it Tech is the pinnacle, not a identical soul is it Load it, cold as the polar get, wrote it quick and they quoted it Yo it exploded the flow, behold it cause when the motor spit A-bidia-bidia, never to get free of the real Better get just near the mirror, ready to get near my heels Gimme the knock and I'ma chop it, he came and he went tomorrow But I'ma lock it down and hop in the pocket like empanadas Hit 'em up and get 'em up, I ain't done, I ain't did enough Trippin when I rip it, I be the ish when I spit 'em up Sorta like I was liquored up and backin up in the gut Everybody be knowin I be actin up when I buzz From Missouri to Canada I be keepin the stamina If you've never been a fan of the man the planet's unanimous Can I cuss? Fuck anybody, Tech is calamitous Leave 'em in the dust, ain't nobody tough when I'm standin up Tech is hostile, he's awful He really be wicked when he be off in the bot-tle You wit it, you dig it, you never lost the apostle He's thinkin he give it to Poe and toss in Picasso Killin ev-erybody off is the motto And I'll be the only chopper that's tossed in the brothel You said it's pathetic, my head is off in the taco I sped and you bled and you in the coffin when I go! [Chorus: Tech N9ne] I'm light years ahead of my peers Want some you can come bring it right here (worldwide choppers) Can't clown me, don't come 'round me Bow down, I was crowned when they found me [JL - of B. Hood] (K.C.) Check it, I'm ahead of 'em, chop it up with the veterans A legend developin, thank God I told 'em it's heaven They gotta notice an elephant, none of you niggaz relevant You delicate but lovin every second of this [U$O] (Denmark)  {*rapping in Danish*} Fuckin chopper! [Yelawolf] (Alabama) What if I ran into you with a pogo stick? Hoppin on top of you rappers like a Jehovah's Witness With a photo of Jesus and a paper pamphlet And I threw up more churches like I was playin Hamlet Syllable burnin that, internal damage Swing batter batter but then I lay back on a hammock under an oak tree like I was peelin pecans but instead I'm peelin rappers' heads makin a sam-a-wich Pick up a .22 and put a bullet inside of a motherfucker from Westside, a 1987 box I'm headed up, yeah headed for bucks Fuck 'em all, make 'em feel my dread like I had a head of locks Feel every bump like you had bad shocks when I hop on the fuckin beat and I worldwide chop When I fuck with Tech N9ne, twist up a pine and smoke a beat with Mr. Busta Rhymes, well sure, why not? Really don't need to show any more of my cock But I run across the stadium in a pair of your socks in a trenchcoat with a pencil and a watch And drop a verse before you can focus to read the clocks Slumerican is out of control Heat it up, beat it up, then I gotta go But I'm a dump truck, just send another load Peter Piper dump a pile of peppers in your throat with an alien probe I'm light years! [Twista] Twista! (Chicago) Like I gotta focus up in my rhythm or loosen the venom I hit 'em and give 'em astig-a-matism And then I'ma spit 'em somethin so full of vengeance that everybody'll wanna devour the pieces of my enemies cause of cannibalism Breakin 'em off into particles and they in a predicament that be never reversible cause a nigga be too versatile Makin you nervous, you could never compete with the colonel I burn you, I'm an immortal and that's the reason I murder you Focus on my hocus pocus and make a likkle magic After I wreck and check ya then ya respect I better have it Cause I'm an anomaly, and I'ma give a lobotomy to any motherfucker challengin my astronomy Hop in, I don't stop with the fires when the flame's thrown I'm one of the most popular choppers and my name's known Throwin it up in the air, takin it there We WWC, if you can't keep up shoulda stayed home My-my-my alien knowledge be makin other astronomers walk like this angel is a discovery of paleontology So play me and I'ma be shinin on them haters I'm finna be usin it as energy, watch how radiant I'ma be Like a helicopter when the words fly Entire families all the way down to your girl die If I catch you fuckin with the most intricate lyricists or even try to stop us cause we choppers and we worldwide And I'm [Busta Rhymes] (New York) See how they ask when I'ma stop it my dude And when I'ma cock it and pop it and when I'ma drop it my dude Inevitably is that I'ma be the most incredible dude to ever spit on the record and put it together my dude (worldwide choppers) And then they ask "What in the world is you provin? What when you already the best and what the hell is he doin?" Well I'ma be choppin and cuttin and breakin and beatin and shakin and fuckin everything up 'til there ain't no further mistakin and bustin everything up like a fuckin angry Jamaican and shuttin everything up, 'specially the ones who be hatin They lovin everything until I got 'em stutterin stupid You hear 'em now? "D-d-d-d-don't d-d-d-do it! P-p-p-please, wh-wh-wh-wh-why you gotta t-try us? W-w-w-w-we already know that you be the nicest!" And now I'ma come and kill 'em, get 'em, hit 'em and finish 'em and bang 'em in the head and diminish 'em - and then I'll hit 'em and give 'em the minimum, creepin and comin and killin 'em Then he gotta be drillin 'em, thinkin they gotta be feelin him Spittin lithium, see the way a nigga be spillin 'em? And gettin 'em stupid to the point where there's no forgivin 'em Hopin you're listenin and you're payin attention and you're witnessin  the way that I be crushin in the mic and gettin in the zone I be flattenin and packin in people from the front to the back and they got me actin a fool, I'm black and nigga now I'm home~! [D-Loc] (Kansas) My fire annihilate, make fighters retire instantly I'm choppin 'em, call me Michael Myers in my vicinity The way I be killin 'em with rhythm it get illegitimate The Gilla will finish any in a predicament And the enemies in the vicinity I gotta mac 'em They know they never can get with me whenever they mention me The history of a lyrical criminal more deadly than chemicals Check my rsum, they say that Gill God is biblical [Twisted Insane] (California) I hit 'em with venom when I get up in 'em I bend 'em and send 'em and you can feel me Diggin up in your brain and bringin the pain, they often wanna kill me Fillin 'em with that fury, get up in a hurry, you can feel the real me Comin in with that shit, I'm havin a fit and you will never peel me off of you when I'm on top of you, I got the drop on you Been poppin off, I hit 'em up with a bullet to the (brain) You can look into the eyes of a heathen, breathin You fiendin and dreamin to find a demon, name insane I'm a worldwide (chopper~!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Kendrick Lamar, Krizz Kaliko, Oobergeek Album: All 6's and 7's Song: I Love Music Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] The-the, the reason that I'm breathing Seeping heat gets me cheese while I'm eating in Bad Season Was deep in beef and was needing some beats to release in evenings instead of me being up and bleeding with thieves and heathens with keys and obstacles, made it possible for the flow, gotta be profitable Yo Tech's audible, his inarguable product popped, it was plausible God is so, good for giving me music Lifting, getting me through when I was fixing to lose it Dudes hit Big Scoob's shit and repping the blue tip Fool's skipped, it was {?}, we jumped in the two-whip Full clips for who stick the homie for true grip My crew, thanks to music, we all living through it Got me out of the ghetto, got me mucho dinero in Cozumel Mexico, shorts and Jordans and a sombrero This gift ain't given from a devil, so settle Come and get this rebel music that's hot as a kettle, pendejo Saved my life, paid my lights, made my wife say "bye bye" Gave my night babes, I like prayed my mic would never fade, forever slayed, days I write My cheddar raise up better, phase way high-hyped My music's one reason I always get to lay my pipe The reason Tech Nina can comfortably say "night night" Blessed me with original flow, so hey, why bite? I hear, I feel, I live, listen and learn, I like [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] I love music (yeah, I love) I love music (for real) I love music (and I need) I love music (to feel) I love music (go and play it) I love music (yeah, know what I'm saying?) I love music (my love) I love music (know what I'm saying?) [Oobergeek] Automatic when I do this, manually Daily, monthly, annually, I get a step closer to being the coolest Acoustic got me fooling, about to lose it, ooh shit Jump in the grind, and my homie Mike produced it - that's music partna I'm just a poet with incredible rhythm Words arranged will let you know he has incredible in him I don't mean to toot my own horn, but toot-toot, ha-ha I laugh because it's easier than do-re-mi-fa-so-la ti-do, we know he go {?} on that C note and he can play a C note with that B note, I'm talking truth And I got stories that will show you that it's walking proof A thousand miles of it and I can show you what I'm walking through Music ain't a hobby, it's an organ of my body that the creator provided back in January of '92 So don't you dare say good music skipped my generation Your hating ain't nothing but motivation for these compilations, Oob' [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] I love music (yeah, it feeds me) I love music (I need) I love music (you feel me?) I love music (know what I'm saying?) I love music (yeah, it's my thang) I love music (know what I'm saying?) I love music (and I love it) I love music (yeah, go ahead) [Kendrick Lamar] Music is my life, the reason why I write Like Edgar Allen Poe on the beat, like a parasite You thought a parachute made my flow just fall out the sky then you fell apart into a body part no one would buy Nobody tried my limits cause they're afraid of heights They ambition weak or gravity let 'em die I let you live until a nigga compose a rhyme then it's like a rhino in your ass every time Time and time again I treat my pen like the pen Bars harder than Pelican Bay and I been serving a life sentence since the day I was ten Nine times out of ten, you only ten songs deep before you leap into a pool of sharks then swim That's an analogy on the way I do casualties And I do this shit casually, before the first end I'll be in the Hall of Fame with my picture framed friend [Krizz Kaliko] And if it wasn't for (my music) Yeah, I wouldn't be standing here If it wasn't for (my music) You wouldn't have nothing to hear, yeah And I love [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] I love music (I need it to live) I love music (it's almost a gift) I love music (yeah, and I love it) I love music (this time I'ma be quiet, shh) ... (and I love) I love music (showing I love it) I love music (whoa-oh) [Tech N9ne] WAKE UP~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Strangeland Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tech] Where am I? {*"Justice League" echoes*} [Girl] You don't know where you are? [Tech] No, I don't [Girl] You're in Strangeland [Tech] Strangeland? [Girl] Yeah, Strangeland [Tech] Well uhh.. how did I get here? [Girl] Well that's simple, Mr. Yates [Tech] What, do you mean? [Girl] You're the creator [Verse One] What I saw was amazin after raisin up and gazin at the vapors that I'm creatin, nights and days I'm pavin the way for ragin, Techaholics, makin havens Next to all this hate and craze and death, we call it a place of consummation of perfection, fulfillment, the Tech runs the building Respect one's resilience, from threats guns and illnesses This place is realness, it feels as if it's lifted A bit sick and twisted and real wicked, villages And I'm the main man, that made every effort to gain fans Through all my pain I obtain grands Millions just cause of my brain now my lane stands Insane rants, the name brand, call it Strangeland Gettin paid was the gameplan But the lane transformed to untamed fans Enhanced in the Strangeland (Can't live up to them) Pain and insane land (Wakin up in a) Strangeland Where everybody know my name man Cause my blood and veins ran through the mainland I am in the Strangeland (Can't live up to them) Pain and insane land (Wakin up in a) Strangeland [Verse Two] A world filled with Technicians lets this one Stress lifting, mesh kids in sets, with them Tech listenin vets Expression is best written, less hid than flesh Women, sex driven, that's livin, yes been impressed by the way the Tech is blessin 'em - it shows cause the land it steady grows, and I'm the man with fetid flows But understand he said he knows, that he ran a deadly road but he woke up with a family, bros, in a land of uncanny souls And they adore him, even if they can't afford him Be the rich, and be the poor then, really get to be before him To get laced, on mistakes, and big brakes Quick pace, lyrics they pick in this place [Interlude] He played me some stuff in uh, in L.A., off "Tha Carter IV" He has a, he has a record on there with umm this dude named Tech N9ne I don't know if you guys heard of him? Oh man, he's CRAZY, he's crazy [Verse Three] Am I in the Twilight Zone? Cause my mic's on But I never thought the world would buy my songs Cause in my land I am the highlight inside my dome but now it's my height, they try bite, cause my life long In this hip-hop, everybody's lip drops When I spit the gift that quickly shifted cause I get props It's terrific; they recognizin me on every level if you missed it If you look you findin me on the very rebel, this is listed 'Tech N9ne, a insane man~!' His own lane had the strain and pain, and that became fans When all the dames glance, he's doin the rain dance Because the whole world is 'bout to be a Strangeland {*Tech is introduced on tour*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ First Degree the D.E., Stokley Album: All 6's And 7's Song: The Boogieman Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] And just when they thought That everything was peachy keen Somewhere deep within the shadows There were other things to be seen An untamable beast with the urge to feast And only alone would he stand, the culprit of fear on the 67th tear There lies, the boogie man  [Verse 1] No introduction needed  N9ne times you must repeat it Mind trying just delete it I'm N9ne's rush to be this rough MC Who's gluttony would rhyme grime  Trust believe it  A legend ever since the projects a Odd tech would get respect when he wreck the set But never get the props that was god blessed So this is me, never let the prod rest The object of rawness dejectin' steps to darkness Led to the industry whispering the name History became a mystery  Cause listeners in the game  Wish ta sing the same Riffs cerebral glitch will lead to lane And this will be ur pit For me to split then bleed ur brain They heard the name But cant put a face to it, Oh wat a shame  When he rains in the wood he stands still, he turn to lanes From sane to straight wicked, don't tell me u ain't heard the saying The boogiemans real  hes underneath ur bed Trapped inside ur head U tried to fight it But u decided its just that  Boogieman  We fear wat we cant see This webs a tangled weave of life designed to try n blind you  From that boogieman  An in that voice u hear 'eliminate ur fears' What do you do?  Discover the truth That its The Boogieman And now you know its real And everything you feel Hits you again, you will stand Face-to-face with that Boogieman [Verse 2] They don't wanna have to try to do as I do That's probably why it ain't been easy for me to slide through I chew rappers up, on stage and mics they by-Flew, Out with the ravens, flight to hatin, haven lies u Cuz u don't want change And u don't want strange, Rearranging the main lanes to brain games from plain jane That's when ur fames strange And u can maintain U think u sang such an insane rain, samethang And I'm the shadow in the dark  that came for battlin in the park And they skidaddled when i barked That give a rattle to their hearts Cuz they're afraid they will all fail Darkness will prevail The boogieman is not a tall tail Wat a tough act to follow U afraid? tell me are ya? When this came u were nada Tell ur lane sayonara (the boogieman, the boogieman) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi Album:All 6's and 7's Song:Cult Leader Typed by:johnnyh0122000@yahoo.com (Man) Now with your loyal fan base and to the extent that there dedicated to your music and your message It has some people calling you a cult leader, how do you feel about that? (Tech N9ne) Cult Leader....eh hahaha (Man) Yea there comparing you, to you know like Jim Jones or David Koresh (Tech N9ne) You know thats real fucked up to um compare me to Jim Jones or uhhDavid Koresh. You know what I mean because those where not people that wherefor the greater good You know what I'm sayin, there tryin to say, that Im gonna feed my fans electric kool aid They got me fucked up... In this house there is no room for envy, this is why we wearour uniform! Racist not welcome! Rapist not welcome! Hatred, dreadedin this house! Ready to fight hatred with love? Join us!  (Chorus) If you come with me then I can show youuuuu Where we'll take you where you dare not go tooooo Follow me and let my mind control youuuuu Where rebuild this world that will destroy youuuuu  (Tech N9ne - Verse 1) How many wanna go? How many wanna know? How to fight demons when the planets gonna blow Alot of ammunition gotta be packin alot of doe Being together it is wonderful the gun was loaded one exploded Speaking to me with the tongue he just folded From the Tech soldier some you get blessed over Bums they straight come from under ??? I told you, That I would die for my loved ones Kill for my blood ones beside a cousin Together when the evil does come I question are you willing to plug one Protection is one thing you need To battle any animal coming with greed If evil tryto penetrate us and feed Simple mathmaticsdemon you bleed I know this comes off violent but this fights for love It should not be this way but evil drew first blood Put the ??? on your inside right wrist So I can read and ??? like this Thats how we know we together in a crisis And you don't need alot of your money to buy this Stay with me in the darkness when the light hits I will promise your family low prices Abetter war for your boys and girls might get a little Dark and dirty before we get to the brightness  (Chorus) If you come with me then I can show youuuuu Where we'll take you where you dare not go tooooo Follow me and let my mind control youuuuu Where rebuild this world that will destroy youuuuu  (Tech N9ne - Verse 2) The red is for the blood we all shed fighting The black is for the nights we fight with no lighting The white is for the cloudsfrom witch we came flying Landed on this jam with man and then began dieing We slegna see dread through these retna's We beg to be swept up by the blessed head inspecta But all theseheckless don't respect the way we lecture yu Get next to yu, thats when the Tech pull ??? If I happen to die at the end of my run Please give all my note books and guns to my sun When the smoke clears I hope theres somes folks nears To vote me as the pope here, Not quote fear is not a condition the no tears The new club is black clothes black boots and strings Im gonna show these non believes what mass lab producing means  (Chorus) If you come with me then I can show youuuuu Where we'll take you where you dare not go tooooo Follow me and let my mind control youuuuu Where rebuild this world that will destroy youuuuu  (Tech N9ne - Outro) Thats right, there are people right outside these doors that would actually attempt to be our oppositions simply because of the love we have for each other, the love Aint that something? We still have our daily jobs we still pay our taxes, right Some of you all ain't payed your taxes but we workin on it right So what do you think the problem is? That we all dress alike? That's petty that couldn't be it That we helped those in any kind of trouble, thats suppose to be a good sumaritive, Right? They evil that's why we have depression, and what do we do to evil? OWHH, (OWHH) Off with his head (Off with his head) Off with his head (Off with his head) Off with his head. That's what I think The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Tech N9ne f/) KC Poet Camile Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Call From KC Poet Camile Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [KC Poet Camile] Go deep nigga! You got big feet and big hands Workin like you said you can I'm layin here thinkin why did I even give you a chance? Nigga makin love to you for what? Cause in the back of my head I'm screamin bust yo' nut so I can get up! Ooh, ahh, daddy, you feel so good is what I'm screamin But yo' dick is like wet wood is what I'm meanin Talkin about puttin in work, tearin out my seams Not with that little bitty-ass thing! Nigga you sweatin like a motherfucker and I don't feel shit Why did I even let you hit? Pass me my vibrator so I can finish this Is he good to you mami? And I'm sayin yes But truth is, my pussy is stressed She was horny ready to go, cum ready to flow But yo' dick ain't even big enough to blow, you know? Walkin 'round Killer City thinkin you the man Nigga I coulda done a better job with my hand~! So the next time you on yo' way to my place You won't need a condom Your tongue is bigger than your dick daddy I'ma ride yo' FACE I love you Tech N9ne!! You inspire me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Lil Wayne, T-Pain Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Fuck Food Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [T-Pain] Yeah, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh Yeah, yeaaah (can you see?) Oh-oh-oh (she's mine), oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (she's mine) [Tech N9ne] + (T-Pain) Yum, a stick of 5 gum is the taste on my tongue But for the right one, I'll spit it out and place her right on The night's young, meaning we minus the bright sun and I'm numb like I'm inside 'em like white on a ripe bun Like that one, baby stacked with a fat one Action-packed with a rack and little bit of that 'gnac, she's passed done Got a thirty-six pack of Magnums, I'm Vlad and I'll bag 'em Put a bitch in a sack and bring her back and then I gotta go and leave a lash from the passion (I'm crazy) Sick as hell for the ladies They don't give a damn that I'm manic, even though I'm so shady Baby girl, but don't play me, I ain't tryna have no babies But baby, you braised and so savory Wanna excite ya, ignite the fight, so honey taunt me I just wanna bite you and watch you drip out Romanee-Conti That's eleven Gs, angel from Heaven, she's seven threes, hot egg and cheese for Pain, Tech and Weez' [Chorus: T-Pain] I know what you saying, but you know I ain't playing Tryna get my dick sucked through my jeans, and oh-oh-oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Yeah, spin the booty round, drop it to the ground Let it make a sound, d-do it baby Do it like that, let me see the kitty cat Let me hit it from the back, foot up baby, oh (Girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh [Lil Wayne] Uh, now put that pussy on my lip and dip Yeah, let's make a movie, I'ma flip the script Yeah, I wax that ass like a Q-Tip Yeah, float in that pussy like a cruise ship Uh, cause I'm a nasty motherfucker Yeah, I eat that pussy like the last supper Yeah, I beat that pussy like brass knuckles Heh, she call me daddy and she scream uncle Open up and spread, I'm pulling her hair, she pulling my dreads I'm breaking her off, we breaking the bed Fuck her like a dog, she shaking her leg I'm killing it soft, I'm making it red I'm making her talk, I'm making her beg I'm making her crawl, I'm making her run I'm making it numb, I'm making it cum I am Young Weezy F. Baby She wish she could make a copy of my dick and save it (haha) Now close your mouth, don't waste it I got that fuck food baby, come taste it, Tunechi! [Tech N9ne] + (Lil Wayne) When I get my mittens on this kitten she'll be bitten, then she missing Cause she fucked up and let the Tech in, cancelled all of her ex-men If you think you got it nigga, say it with your chest then I'm gon' be your sex friend, ripping off her dress then nibbling on her neck and I'm making her wet with no question Yeah, animal magnetism, the sadomasochism Got way more cash to give 'em, but they don't ask just twist 'em I don't have to give 'em stacks for me to mash within 'em I'm they master, hit 'em with a lash and a nigga fast to stick 'em Ay, and I like 'em all colors, multi-mack can make 'em all love us and make 'em do all of us, and we don't be tripping on it cause we all brothers Y'all slippers if y'all be tripping over broads, fuck it the policy, he keep his cards shuffled The bitch will wanna let her jaws touch us, jaw crushers Anybody outside don't get much news from me cause I get it in but I keep it on the hush (who's the G?) This rush, you agree, this is stuff dude for fee But the girls sure (look like fuck food to me, ay!) [Krizz Kaliko] I don't know what you feel, I don't know what you think I don't know what you see, my nigga (But girls sure look like fuck food to me  Girls-girls sure look like fuck food to me) [Krizz Kaliko] + (T-Pain) Now you see what I see The lady's mine, mine, mine, mine, mine Are you seeing what I see? (Can you see?) The lady's mine (she's mine), mine, mine, mine, mine (she's mine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Stevie Stone Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Overtime Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah so, since I was 10 tears older then her (heh-yeah) She tried to give me that "Coming to America" spiel, y'knahmsayin like "Some guys, put in an hour - some of 'em, even an hour and a half" "But a man gotta put in overtime for me to get off" {*laughing*} [Chorus: sung] Work it baby (work it baby) I'ma give you extra, you deserve it baby (deserve it baby) Put a star next to you cause your perfect baby (perfect baby) all the time Clock out, clock in for overtime (overtime) [Tech N9ne] If you think we 'bout to go to sleep - forget about it You really doubt it, though we can make the synergys link In the middle of the night I'm fixin to enter the pink Never the one to be stingy I leave my dinner, she winks (geah) Cause she think she got me and her percentage be Brinks But I'ma stick it without a ticket in the tender she thinks Suck me up and then I can become her energy drink (gyah!) And that's what she gon' need (geah) Punchin the clock, I'm not gonna be done on three Baby you probably wanna kick it and get 'er done on E But you ever have steamy sexual fun on weed? So I told her N9ne! No I don't look it but I'm the older kind But that dont mean I'ma stick it and quit it, forget it Because tonight I'ma 'bout to get it in overtime [Stevie Stone] Said I - love your body, love your pace Love it when you maneuver your body off my space and weather the chase, and have your body off in a daze Now could'cha feel the hormones, they off of the rage Now check it - let me take a little dose of the page I'm hittin for hours and hours, hours hours and days All the positions I'm feelin real kinky today I've waited to play my trombone have a parade (have a parade) Kitty kitty kitty kitty c'mere Well there's a couple little things I wanna say in ya ear I'm shiftin gears, love it when I strike the wheel Leave ya stoned in the bed I'ma freak for real~! Baby girl, I'ma freak for real A little too much tongue got me head over heels Wetter the chill, head shot ready to kill Ready to deal, head watch, watch you will [Tech N9ne] Baby, baby gave me a job and I love it I know you'll be lovin the way you'll throb when you hug it When I got the punani I thought the job really was it Before the punani you take the job and you shove it Feel like a nigga makin love when I does it On the clock I'ma stop it, when it buzz I'ma plug it Good enough for me to be your husband in public You really be wantin to pack a stud in your luggage [Stevie Stone] Uhh~! Pack a stud in your luggage Break down baby Stone gon' love it Finally bang her, make a nigga wan' love it Make me wanna snatch it, C2 grub it Huh! It's one of a kind You and your girls, and I come on with the N9ne Spread them legs and open wide Give you that overtime The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ E-40, Krizz Kaliko, Snoop Dogg Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Pornographic Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tech N9ne (Krizz Kaliko)] Hey. Where the camera at? I'm tryin to hammer that your glammer got rappers,actors, et cetera havin a damn attack And its that bam and back that's standing fat with your rack Let's get candid act like your Janet Jack and mash in the sack Or pretend your Nikki Nova while I film and flip it over Get me closer to sticky soaking women if the poker This is the culture Where we kiss the chocha And if she know to get below the big derover lick these soldiers strictly vulgar (Look at her go) Watching you on the T.V (Like at a show) Actin like you a pinkey (Incredible) Far from nasty and sleezy (Your not a ho) Best believe me. Something you said made me wanna jump in the bed Dumpin my threads while your spread legs dead on my red cam. This ain't a bread scam just wanna bust head jams She said ram me and play it man and I said DWAMM (Pornographic-ooo) (Don't make you no ho-ooo) (We can take it slow-ooo) (No one has to know-ooo) Oh Oh lets make a porno You can taste me ill eat ya up like DiGiorno Don't be shy that's a no no Me on you picture that like a photo [E-40] E-40 Back it up like a garbage truck Ass like Amber Rose Bouncing up and down like a pogo stick I wanna see ya touch yo toes Imma lay back and let you do to all the work Til you reach your climax and spit Cream on my thing like a wet dream Pussy juice dripping just like PET milk We on that (lammy and shrekin berry?) We higher than Pluto She can't get enough She blowin like a bugle I'm fixxin to burst Just like a water balloon (Water balloon) She took the rubber off and ate my sperm with a spoon If that ain't pornographic I don't know what pornographic is Booty checks, tatted pierced and pussy lips Silicon plastic oral injections Is just big hips on my erection I don't spend money on hoes Hoes spend money on me Like to make em buy me clothes By using my mouthpiece I tell em I ain't got no bread I ain't got no paper You heard what E-40 said I ain't no captive saver Dick boss mackin Hustlin is my habit I don't play no games I beat the pussy out the frame Biotch! Biotch! (Pornographic-ooo) (Don't make you no ho-ooo) (We can take it slow-ooo) (No one has to know-ooo) Oh Oh lets make a porno You can taste me ill eat ya up like DiGiorno Don't be shy that's a no no Me on you picture that like a photo [Snoop Dogg] Debbie does Dallas Doggy does Debbie Baby are you ready This shit is gettin heavy Dippin like a Chevy Hold it real steady Double up Bring in Blowjob Betty Now we got it poppin low Hit then I stop and go Film it record it in high definition though I got my dick by your ear Do you hear what I hear Oh brother No other I will fuck yo mother And that's truthfully See that's how Snoop will be See cause usually Booty free, duty free it's all the same Pussy has no name or no face Some love the way it taste And I know that See baby wanna blow that I take her to the mic booth And let her do a mic check Dog her like Mike Vic I'll make dyke bitch like dick Right bitch? It took a minute just to write this (Pornographic-ooo) (Don't make you no ho-ooo) (We can take it slow-ooo) (No one has to know-ooo) Oh Oh lets make a porno You can taste me ill eat ya up like DiGiorno Don't be shy that's a no no Me on you picture that like a photo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Jay Rock, Kutt Calhoun Album: All 6's and 7's Song: You Owe Like Pookie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Interlude] I don't know if it is gon' jump, you front Owe me money you might get stomped like a punk (hey) like a chump (hey) we can thump (hey) what'chu want (hey) c'mon You owe like, Pookie Everythang thang, coochie You're soft like, sushi If you owe like, Pookie Yes you do - you owe like Pookie Yes it's true - kiss all that booty Yes you do - you owe like Pookie Yes it's true - kiss all that booty [Tech N9ne] I'm still drivin, with no license Cold night when a woman gets wined and dined and it's no pipin Remember the crackhead on "New Jack City," the low life one (Yup!) Well his name Pookie (gyah) and you owe like him At the trailers, thought we began trust You stand up my hand is on your damn butt you say I'm nuts! The way I ham up, you said you understand us And lessons that I can't cut but in the end you jammed up! I don't take nothin (gyah) but I expected somethin! (Gyah) Cause you stated after dinner and movie next was humpin (gyah) And I was always taught by mom and them respect a woma (gyah) But you owe like Pookie I suggest you pay when the checks are comin [Jay Rock] First tee I go to jail then Wayne too Notice a traumatic drop in sales when the lame dudes come to try the same, dude remains in the game fools wantin to be starts everybody ain't spangled So how can I be confident and say these rappers ain't be prominent Today they grabbin put a comical stain on (music, music) It happens to be looted, you sad, you signin for a little bit of stacks But when you miss intuitive facts (you ruins it, screws it) Uck-fay everybody else, I'ma fuck everybody else I walk up in the sto' what they purchase (NOTHIN~!) All by myself With all the money lost to booty suckers (you owe a lot of people) Me, you owe yourself, you even owe my mother So you owe Pook! [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Kutt Kalhoun] It's been a minute, I want my stack with interest And if you come with that you talkin you gon' need a dentist (Yes!) Money never grow on trees so you disrespectin Fuck a Smith & Wesson I'ma order you that chopper special They say you shuckin and jivin from me you duckin and hidin Let's see you duck and hide from these bullets when I fly 'em It's been a weak nigga takin my kindness for weakness 'til I cock back and squeeze this and I leave yo' ass bleedin Period~! Now niggaz wanna act so delirious When I ask for my paper 'til I do somethin so serious like bust a head, break a neck, you lettin in some dookie My advice just pay up, nigga you owe like Pookie "You owe" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Nikkiya Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Delusional Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Yeah... Like this (like this) Ima drink this henn Ima keep this grin but if you look at nina closly I'm tryina contain this beast within I know some of yall already knowin that I got alotta cheese to spend but that don't change the fact I go insane I gotta heap of sins please begin I saw a glimspse in all of this when I was just yay tall and I pictured yall and it wall to wall but they all said I was just Delusional but the people startin callin us and I'm ballin tough but the crawlin rough and I never though of stuff with saw enough What the problem is now I got em here tellin all these kids I'm the K.O.D and they pumpin up the volume and listenen hard when I give my heart is it Delusional When I'm thinkin Ima boss in the biz but I'm lost and I fake it that I'm off in the lid but they pay the cost when it is dark at the crib Some say that if tell them to hate my people are at the gate ready for sealin your fate that is up for debate cause when I make my music ain't no evil from mister yates callin me a cult leader I don't really know but Ima fosho heater wickedness commin from mine rove they could blow me but the folks wanna soul see us at the bottom with the devil look around and it be no N9na they say I lead em to evil like I was jimmy jones and feedin the people when I bleed in the steeple the reason they seizin me ain't no decreasin my ego my powers for good I think would I shrink if somebody took away how good I ink but that would never happen I'm makin it with the rappin but they want me to collapse and when I could I sink [Chorus - Nikkiya] I hope I find what I'm looking for maybe I should drink just a little more Delusional I'm fightin but I'm losin feel like we offer up confusion Hear me! My rights and wrongs are questioned in my life and confusion seems to be my alibi Delusional I'm feelin like I don't belong feel like I'm tellin you to do wrong hear me! [Verse 2] She feel like I'm gonna make them hate because I was around and kick it and make them babys and now that I made it gotta escape them daily and that's crazy cause all I'm doin is makin the industry pay me but when I show my face feelin everythings great did a show then we ate then I'm outta that state she said I'm a good provider but daddy of the year man I'm outta that race how I compensate for the losses they get often dates that's too personal we'll stop the tape [Chorus - Nikkiya] I hope I find what I'm looking for maybe I should drink just a little more Delusional I'm fightin but I'm losin feel like we offer up confusion Hear me! My rights and wrongs are questioned in my life and confusion seems to be my alibi Delusional I'm feelin like I don't belong feel like I'm tellin you to do wrong hear me! [Verse 3] They say I'm seein things but everybody know I'm bein things we dem kings like it or not we runnin this gotta lotta hype cause I wanna spit and I come to grip on the fifth you gotta know techs never gonna miss I know I might be a little psychie but its nightly and brightly inside of me makin me a little frightening rippin it with the right team I bring hella light when resighting when its all said and done I'm sickened and heavened caused this a damned reverend ALL 6'S AND 7'S [Chorus - Nikkiya] I hope I find what I'm looking for maybe I should drink just a little more Delusional I'm fightin but I'm losin feel like we offer up confusion Hear me! My rights and wrongs are questioned in my life and confusion seems to be my alibi Delusional I'm feelin like I don't belong feel like I'm tellin you to do wrong hear me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Blind Fury, Mackenzie O'Guin Album: All 6's And 7's Song: So Lonely Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus - Mackenzie O'Guin & Tech N9ne] So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely Yeah When I came up, I was famous And I stayed up Yeah Now I'm way up People they just Turn to hater [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] Been alone ever since I started To be an artist I've been disregarded I mean the hardest they ever seen I put them in the garbage to be a part of when I spit this Whammy is wicked Face covered up just like Stanley Ipkiss But damn he is lifted were no families listed Plan to revisit that big plan that he misses But the land that he shifted, twisted a bit Cuz man he resisted to jam when he script it Calamity Insanity with it Like amity preaches sickness hit when banisty livid So Blow me, with a bucket of hot feces poured on me Never loved it, now ya'll just be so phoney No Homies Would I never let bozos with so-so flows own me When it said it gets better it's just baloney That's why N9nas so lonely [Chorus - Mackenzie O'Guin & Tech N9ne] So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely Yeah When I came up, I was famous And I stayed up Yeah Now I'm way up People they just Turn to hater [Verse 2 - Tech N9ne] This my planet higher then yours, damn it No laws and it's no raw candid inside I made them all vanish Vandalistic with this If man get his lips in this Quick damage and rip the bitch No bandages with a fit he draws panic From clones I spit it up and then they gone And I'm livin it up within my zone Nobody love to win my throne Try calling home but everybody is so monotone And your gettin this while the Tech is all alone [Verse 3 - Blind Fury] Tech(Tech) Wait(Wait) It's so Lonely up here (why) Ain't none of my homies up here (oh) Cuz they feel like I chose a career over my peers But I try to tell them love don't pay bills But me spittin these frees and pre-writtens is probably whats gone make mills Try to stay chill When a lot of rappers lust and chase thrills Fuck the fame and the thrills I'm maintaining the real Straight up fury ain't no jury minus the chain and the grill To me, you were lame if you ain't been embracing the skill Ya see, cuz I been in it, for a minute, and I ain't gonna go away Ya'll keep them trash rappers, but I'm the one that ya'll throw away Them songs I make will show the pain but this game ain't to friendly I cant take it no more so sing it Mackenzie and tell em' why I'm [Chorus - Mackenzie O'Guin & Tech N9ne] So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely Yeah When I came up, I was famous And I stayed up Yeah Now I'm way up People they just Turn to hater [Verse 3 - Blind Fury] Got everything that I wanted but it came with a price Bought me a crib with my money, but I gave up my life Sometimes I stay up kinda late, and I hate it at night Every other day me and my lady we break up and fight Thinkin you bringing that mentality into my galaxy is a fallacy for anybody that battle me Realizing I ain't got nothin but friends and family And after that ain't nobody else gonna look after me So I'm proud to be [Outro - Mackenzie O'Guin] So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely So lonely, so lonely The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Deftones Album: All 6's and 7's Song: If I Could Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Interlude: repeat 4X] Could have could [Tech N9ne] Listen~! I know I'm always gone, and I ain't never home And plus you barely ever hear me on the telephone Just tryin to sell a song, 'til my bride ain't jealous none And my hell is shown, but if I rest It's just like I'ma malice thrown All the way all the day all I say called way A loved one calls to say "How's the Bay hoggin, stay for a holiday" But I'm far away, gotta pay, lotta K from my daughters we send they mommas they sum But then there's problems when I'm away But I gotta go get it, a lotta dough in it A hundred percent I'm in it to fly and real grit it Techa Nina be breakin it up when I go spit it But it get to me when the family cry no shit it becomes hella hurtful Yo, feel like I'm runnin around in circles If I could I would And I would stomp with the mic go bezerk-o [Chorus: Chino Moreno] But if I could, I would be good I would be there for you just like I should You wouldn't cryyyy, when I say goodbye For the reasons, do not tell me why But if I could, I would be good I wouldn't leave you, you think that I would It feels like I dieeee, a little inside Know I hurt you, when I say goodbye [Interlude] [Tech N9ne over Interlude] Yeah... If I could I would F'real Check it! [Tech N9ne] I know your heart is skippin, cause I'm on a mission Your eyes and schnoz are drippin, cause your dog is missin And you his broad and wishin he wasn't a frickin politician You want his kissin and you hope and pray that God is listenin You want to frolic with him (geah) but he gotta get them dollars give them all of his grin polished scripts and they all assist him Now he's baller big and tall ambition, you're fallin friction Cause you missed your body's twitchin throbbin from his rod incisions So you started fishin, websites and call him bitchin Thinkin some broad is nibblin on his dick and y'all is driftin But he just say nah to chickens, all of this when cause is given If I could I would dissolve sistership [Tech N9ne] Just trust me Please just trust me I'm doin all this music, so we can go all over the world I swear to God, I'ma take you all over the world baby We're gonna go, to Hawaii We gonna stay for months! You always knew I wanted to go to Hawaii And we're gonna go all over the world baby just just ust give me time I'm gonna get this right, and do what I'm supposed to do I swear to God we're gonna go, all over the world We're gonna take, long trips We're gonna go, to Japan We're gonna go, to Africa Wherever you wanna go, all I need Is a little bit of time A little bit more time, all I need is, time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Angry Caller Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Spoken] Hey, So I was just at your private show in Golden and the fans said that I missed you And I said no I don't miss him and nor should I because why would I miss a nigga with a wack ass mohawk A bitch ass nigga that don't give a fuck about hisself Fuck you bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Scoob, Krizz Kaliko Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Love Me Tomorrow Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Spoken - Tech N9ne] Ya, You might not like some of the things I do, or the things I say, but guarantee you gonna love me tomorrow. For sho. She love she love me not But Ill never be all touchy lovey dovey for what he gots Suddenly kissy huggy what is for me the buddy slot But they callin on me to put it right in the open it could be an ugly stop Shes lookin to be caressed on the reg Fetched on the reg Sex on the reg only Techs on the bread With nothin busting percussion and checks on the head As she huffin and puffin cause wasn't no Tech on the bed And she don't like that Tech N9ne persona Groupies more groupies for true the be juicy like John Bedushi(Belushi?) Like the one that do movies Man ay caramba you google me I'm beyond the boobies and champaignya Bumbaclot don't shrug me cause I'm the rapper but again you fonded a slacker who's been on your love Peace in your honor Just trusting can calm ya She stoned Now I'm home But she gon love me maana [Krizz Kaliko] Can't stand to hear my name or see my face But everytime she does she feels disgraced But she gon love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) Love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) [x3] [Tech N9ne] What kind of fan are you Just because expanded you (bantered who?) like soft musical (xanadu?) But I'll be damn if you slander who Tech Ninna My crew cannibals ain't no fan it You man who do a lot in a jam or two Said I'm a sell out cause I worked with Wayne First your brain need work You hurt the game Every lyric that blurst put the earth shame How do we burst to fame if both of our verse the same We supposed to be different You know that gifted Cause what we spit You know that we live it We grow cause we vivid You's a fair weather fan Your predictions will never stand Like you know something better than when I'm chopping Whatever man [Spoken] I told my fans, that, I told them this years ago. I said Tech will never go mainstream, mainstream will go Tech. [Krizz Kaliko] I hear ya saying that I ain't the same But in order to grow you know you got to change But you gon love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) Love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) [x3] [Big Scoob] Here today but be gone when you blink an eye Constant drinking got you thinking and you about cry I was forsaken life taken and feel the pain Heart breakin body shakin can you stand the rain I was a friend of thee but treated like an enemy But now I'm gone just a portion of your memories But in your memory remember this vividly There was no other villain from the hood real as me From the soil none loyal like the B.I.G. Homie from the show me hope that's how you 'member me And we'll soon see I ain't got long to be On this earth claiming turf running in these streets I apologize homie look me in my eyes Time to turn the page and be a man and swallow pride To many homies died before I got to say my piece So I just said piece and hopin that it brings us peace [Krizz Kaliko] Today is gone and I left this place But I'll be the sun shining on your face So just love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) Love me tomorrow (Love me tomorrow) [x3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: All 6's and 7's Song: Mama Nem Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Tech N9ne] Let's go, yeah, I feel this one man and this one was long overdue It's bout my mama nem My mama, her sisters, her brothers, grandma too man I just wanna take this time to speak about mama nem Yeah, check it She carried me when she was fifteen Had me when she was sixteen Reminiscing on how well she did things Got one popped on 11-8-71, she had this king She was baring, then on that day I was just a staring upon that face With her just declaring, my mum said wait Then her and her sisters named me Aaron Dontez Yates She, tried to give me everything I seen KCP&L gas service was her means for green Took me to the movies when they bought Halloween to screen Got me a big wheel, couldn't afford a green machine But I loved it, when I got it all my friends swarming cause in the projects, big wheels wasn't the norm and I'm pouring this out to the woman I'm adoring She know I like sugar snacks and a fried baloney sandwich in the morning [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Mama, I take you everywhere I go I thank you're mine (that's my mama) I only know what I know cause of my mama You gave me life and you made me me I don't know who I'd be without auntie nem, my sisters and, my uncle nem Mama nem [Tech N9ne] When I got bad grades, I was in the heat seat Got a whooping when I used another kid's cheat-sheet But when I got a good grade card she bought me Beat Street The single, aiyyo I had that mug on repeat Mama nem taught me rhythm that I use, yep My uncle nem say stay on your Ps and Qs neph' Mama talking catches you if you acting like you deaf God-fearing, still taught me how to two-step Took me to church Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Saturday, then Sunday, thinking why me? That was mama nem placing the love inside me, our house was lively My granny house, eight girls and four boys beside me Thanking mama nem for the weight that you carried Pulling my teeth with threads saying "boy, you scary" I 'member mama laughing, saying "is it loose?", very Pull it then, push cash under my pillow saying it's the tooth fairy [Tech N9ne] Epilepsy at eighteen, then lupus hit her Pancreatitis was taking her, but God was with her I asked him show me something cause I was all bitter Right after that the pancreatitis had all withered Mama "yeah?", mama "what?" Mama "what, boy?", I'm a big timer And I'm always away from you cause of this music biz drama But I really miss you and I'm always thinking bout big, mama She used to make that Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner Grandma's home cooking easily show up Mrs. Winter's Mama nem would take you in even if you were vicious sinner Nobody will ever take that humungous love kept within her If your mama gone, Heaven's where mom belong or if your mama home, call ya mama phone and say I love you mama and you are not alone I just wanted to thank you and that's why I made this mama song [Tech N9ne] + (Krizz Kaliko) It's bout my mama nem man, I love 'em I wouldn't be nothing without 'em mayne They make me who I am, everyday man Tech N9ne, mama nem, I love you (It's my mama) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Nikkiya Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Promiseland Typed by: AZ Lyrics I remember when my soul, hoes and dough was missin' When I went to all the shows yo my bros are bitchin Never meant to blow my goal so its motor spittin And when I enter all of my flows I'm so in pole position I promise, to be the best to mom ya Us through get up at the dawn let tech spew flip it like an omelette Ever since the calm bet you tech ain't made you yawn yet All signed checks in my pocket are the color of pawn shrek The industry never passed the baton guess I grabbed it If its beyond us even so I get the gauntlet This music shit was enough to make me vomit But I kept you all astonished make way for the kc comet Now I'm winning I'm more sarcastic than vince vaughn yeah Honestly when I walk in I come off like bomb threats Cause them don't want tech to go straight non vet Throw on jets and get all the way to this land that was promised Would you let me kiss em couldn't defeat me none We started beastin em sellin records mellin seconds Look at us teachin em yellin tech is hell and methods Rippin and reachin em, felon jeffers tellin heffers I ain't got no income but I got dough and then some In come some friends they wanna attend hundreds send em Knockin em out my chain go side to side just like a pendulum I'm in to one but the other is impatient waitin for the sin to come This is what goes on now that I'm in their light Now they know that I get my flows on they comin' out in their tights Been chasin this for so long never has been fair fights Lookin for them rare sights. it's in there right? In the land where everything is yours Not fictitious like the boars all delicious like a smoors. I'm be walking through the doors they often to the stores Got me bossin doin more for the Promiseland I'm you and yours, nina Is this it? is this what it's all about man? Eating. drinking. fucking. sucking. snorting. come on man. Meeting. feeling. touching. we on dames. Killing. busting. really loving us cause we all strange. Ha ha ha ha ha ha I like it The Promiseland is real simply because I write it. Don't stare too long and envy cause you might get eye-ritis Now to get me for shows and lyrics it's high prices In Promiseland, I'm gonna stand, an honest man This honor gets the drama yes the llama can Bring disaster on rappers like water on japan He got his chance and tech puts it all on his fans Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's and 7's Song: F.A.N.S. (Forever Accepting N9ne's Soul) Typed by: whoridinbigballin@yahoo.com Ok, this how I know you all my fans for real when I do this Daa da da daant, TECH N9NE That's how I know my real fans are in the house!!! I love you Kansas City, you fuckin supported me it started here first nigga, then it spread to everywhere else nigga, you are the reason that I go everywhere I go you took me to Switzerland, you took me to Amsterdam nigga you took my to Australia you put me on the fucking, Paid Dues festival you put me on Rock the Bells with Damian Marley and fucking Nas and everybody thank you to all my fans! (Verse 1) I was down on my luck out of my bucks Growlin' my gut while in a rut How I was smilin' when falice was callin' on uh I was proud and I bust loud and enough to rally them up My style is a child it was roudy and ruff Such as life, when the dope ain't sellin' the soap aint smellin' Ripe dough aint swellin', no hope but nope I ain't failing tonight and into the contest with nothin in my palm just a microphone and god next to Tech to bless and I'm set I won, the people voted for me to take the paper was fate the way it happened the show fell on the day of my graduation day, so I chose the show to go open for EPMD and Gaume that's how it was suppose to go I didn't know that I was chosen never expected it but these people saw while the other haters rejected it, I tore through the hardest part of this art when most neglected it, I poured out my soul on to the paper and you accepted it (Chorus) X2 You are my heart, you are my soul I thank you for all you done for me You are my art, you are my flow my fans made it for everyone to see Forever accepting N9nes soul (Verse 2) In Kansas City A lot of fans is with me started doing shows with crazy flows and it expanded quickly Tech Ninnas band of hippies Ran the shit we handed strictly I landed scripts that damaged emcees Ripped these calamitously  and I ain't have nothin' not a cent to my name, man I just had bussin' I just vent through my brain when I went through the rain you all invented my lane cause you went to the strange events to see strength in my pain you saved my life damn you made my life, grand I love these times with you all even though it made my wife scram cause all the time I spent I grind for thine and rhyme again I sign your skin and bind a friend tonight different kinds of kin Technicians, Juggalos, Juggalettes, Kottonmouth Kings, and Queens Gangbangers, Colledge Kids, Metal Heads they all seen the dream of me being the king this almost brings a string of tears meaning I sing to all  of you that's been on my team (Chorus) X2 You are my heart, you are my soul I thank you for all you done for me You are my art, you are my flow my fans made it for everyone to see Forever accepting N9nes soul (Verse 3) you took me over seas to Germany and Sweden, Australia Switzerland, Amsterdam, and Paris I'm seeing fans in red clothes in Norway and Spain in Monaco we honor thoughs that rep the strange lane couldn't ask for a better life or better fam, yeah my fans they set us right so they get a jam and all of my heart and soul and confusion ready to start The pollution bring my art from allusion to me rulin' and I will never let you down I swear to you industry be aware the clown is up in here to scare a few and stare at you with a glare that shoos the square thats not aware of Tech and caribou but all hail the fans up forever there for you I didn't know that I was chosen never expected it but these people saw while the other haters rejected it, I tore through the hardest part of this art when most neglected it, I poured out my soul on to the paper and you accepted it (Chorus) X2 You are my heart, you are my soul I thank you for all you done for me You are my art, you are my flow my fans made it for everyone to see Forever accepting N9nes soul (Outro) I'm back stage right before I go on and I hear everybody screaming my name Tech N9ne, Tech N9ne It trips me out like, I can't beleive this is my job still to this day, and there 60,000 people out there no matter how many people out there I fuckin' love it, my fans what would I do without you I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: All 6's And 7's Song: Face Paint Typed by: AZ Lyrics I be so humble my regular state All loving its never no hate A whole another level of yates How there isn't when the brain of a rebel create A fellow with a peddle to break I'm settled but this devil is awake When its applied Something from deep inside No longer sneaks and hides It awakens the beast and prized Through ligaments bones and through eyes No reminets known as true shyness Real men thrown in to die Given it moments to rise Then a metamorphosis happens like a lit torch When its rapping hyped and its warped And its fashions to bring forth war And its passion Laughin' wickedly baby whats happenin' Where smashing ass yes that humble guy is a has been And no they can't Come make me stay saint When I get that on I black out it feels like I may faint Then I feel invincible never come to kid or play prank I say what the fuck I want and do what I want to do behind my (Face Paint) I can be who I want to be And I know its still me But I'm totally free with my (Face Paint) I put it on for you to see What is hiding deep inside behind my (Face Paint) I can be who I want to be And I know its still me But I'm totally free with my (Face Paint) I put it on for you to see What is hiding deep inside behind my (Face Paint) Brian Dennis painted my face back in The day like 94 look now ain't it my taste I know a lot of mother fuckers think he tainted my faith But I keep that cross on me I pray and it just ain't at my grace But I ain't perfect Give me paint and the mic and Ima merc it Kent Clark's within me, when I'm up he has no purpose Techa Nina the king that will bring the circus to the surface Shaken the planet earth is a curse if you never heard this Technicians started me juggalos they spotted me Allotted me there land to expand this cultural odyssey I'm there wicked prodigy being strange is the policy Anybody talking nill of my family can swallow me Scenario the more paint the marry-o a burial for Kent He's square his ho keep him very low My appearance to week motherfuckers is scary tho They cant even think of touching what I put through the stereo Here's my analysis: Since the beginning I have been saying that I'm a angel But since I accepted the ways of the world; Money, women, I became a worldly angel But my mother always wanted me to do it for Christ So I think the angel inside of me is ashamed So in order to bring you all this rawness I have learned from earth I hide behind (Face Paint) I can be who I want to be And I know its still me But I'm totally free with my (Face Paint) I put it on for you to see What is hiding deep inside behind my (Face Paint) I can be who I want to be And I know its still me But I'm totally free with my (Face Paint) I put it on for you to see What is hiding deep inside behind my (Face Paint) (Reversed) Think again think again nigga Huh, The angels been long gone You full blooded Animal (ha,ha,ha) That's whats inside of you You just don't want to admit it But you know you've become... Totally Animal And the Face Paint brings it forth ha, ha, ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Stars Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro - Tech N9ne] (You know that there are billions of stars in the universe) But the star had quite a difficult time shining amongst all the other stars The year was 1994 when the star began his decent And continued falling..and falling Landing in an unknown place the star creates followers from underground And the quest to shoot beyond the stars once again The star begins in, Strangeland [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] Ground zero crowned hero, But ain't nobody ever heard the sound before I found me so competitive i Never get the credit but get it when they was clownin lejo Now we pro the brown people Was on it for the moment but they frowned at me for Layin what I was sayin didn't sound negro now people round me low down when The beat go Never will I ever stop or quit what I'm doin I'm gettin better even cleverer I can hit then I ruin every competitor we et em poppin shit I be chewin em Up ahead of ya excetera Speed band is comin for ya now he's makin the industry sandwhich come enjoy The flow with tech and the minasee damage gunnin boy ya know we shakin the Finicky planet we've landed [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko] We've landed, the stars have fallen from the heavens Your thoughts will reign on this planet The arts you paint on this canvas, your helpless We've landed, the arms of fans have been branded The god of 6's and 7's Is the start of musical madness We've landed [Verse 2 - Tech N9ne] Shootin for the stars lootin for the cars who's inducin pukin hootin for the Bars You get stupid groups of loosin juicin you for true but you recruit the Youth ignore bizarre niggas But ain't nobody fuckin with any of our niggas And if you trippin under the tecca there are millas You don't wanna fuck with the murderers gorrila war till the lord hit us Scar nigga what? Bitch I'm at the bottom and I'm comin to get at ya better get up in ya column And I'm gonna diminish you when I spit I really gotta right in front of me Timid, and I wanna present it Cause I fought for everything I got it was not handed and nobody fed a Nigga nothin when I was famished I'm bussin for life but not for nothin but God damnit notice somethin beautiful just landed [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko] We've landed, the stars have fallen from the heavens Your thoughts will reign on this planet The arts you paint on this canvas, your helpless We've landed, the arms of fans have been branded The god of 6's and 7's Is the start of musical madness We've landed [Verse 3 - Tech N9ne] I land at six feet under six feet But every other ordinary people cant sleep The badness we had dished back in high school classes, ya dealin with three Faces of madness Never been average with the image of a savage at the very bottom I'm livin Under the maggots But I'm bout to shoot em and really wake up the masses gas it an blast it Have the upper class breakin asses Upper class rapper, suckers ass packers, rougher tougher mother fucker spaz Backwards Kcuf natas gutter mash slacker Tecca ninas what there lads after Everybody don't wanna say what goes up Better quit movin I know its bout to blow up Thinkin when I hit the stars Ima slow up hold up [Chorus - Krizz Kaliko] We've landed, the stars have fallen from the heavens Your thoughts will reign on this planet The arts you paint on this canvas, your helpless We've landed, the arms of fans have been branded The god of 6's and 7's Is the start of musical madness We've landed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Welcome to Strangeland Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I've landed, but which way now to go? Cause it's Strangeland everything goes up vertical above the clouds I flow How I got here I don't really know or remember like The Alamo So to give me direction on this journey is big Krizz Kaliko [Krizz Kaliko] Now here is a beautiful world for you to enter You can hear how we kill everyone, we're helter skelter On this fear that is fearin' us smear tuckin the loads of us Shear stroke of genius since we appeared out the demons We just the lost boys like we sons of Donald Sutherland We done strugglin' we forced our way in and forced to weigh in The big swingin' kocks of rap r&b and rock We been seein' lots of cats copyin' ya not Them G-O-D's and we can bless ya like we was a pastor We past ya long ago ya concentrate on rappin' faster This is the temple of makin' it look simple to ya'll I wasn't really in to rap or into rap cause I seen too many falls Why they fall for strangeland go up filled with strings of caribou lou Fill ya cup and toss all that throw up My team captain is you nina I'm the first lieutenant Enjoy your visit this is strangeland that you invented [Hook] Welcome! Welcome to Strangeland This is for everyone around the world the woman and the boys and girls are Welcome! This is the Strangeland And it don't matter what you listen to we got a right place for you so Welcome! We'd like to welcome you if your new than you're overdue take a quick peek and overview Let the strangers take over you We'd like to welcome you if your new than you're overdue take a quick peek and overview Let the strangers take over you [Tech N9ne] Wow Juggalos kottonmouth kings and queens Gangbangers metalheads and the college kids Then everything in between They love when tech spittin', no he's the best rippin' Blessed this when all of these titles can equal TECHNICIAN So let's get it in to some retro tech's vision Complex written scripts are always sex driven Behold us we've had it so rough so what's the slogan we have at strangeland It goes up! When I ask you what goes up mane if it's all good then you say that it goes Mane if it's no, you simply just say that it don't, then I'mma label you Foe That's when they hit the flo' if you hatin in my land we can throw But I prefer with drinkin' 'bou lou that's cold Then hit the vertical path and get on these hoes I love it Eep Op Ork Ah Ah Even if your brand new come knee shock your faja And I'm lookin' for the girls with them deep bra's more tatas On the vertical then get horizontal then I'mma beat up your nana [Hook] Welcome! Welcome to Strangeland This is for everyone around the world the woman and the boys and girls are Welcome! This is the Strangeland And it don't matter what you listen to we got a right place for you so Welcome! We'd like to welcome you if your new than you're overdue take a quick peek and overview Let the strangers take over you We'd like to welcome you if your new than you're overdue take a quick peek and overview Let the strangers take over you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Unfair Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] And the road gets Harder with flow spits Cause we represent the Kansas City, MO shit Double doses Tech Kalikosis But ran into a duo that's ferocious Some of the best two Kill you no rescue They say that you gotta spit hot 16s before you step through And they say everybody Nigga even Tech do Now we gotta explain our journey to the Ces Cru... [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] I'm on a pilgrimage to the rhyme mecca Because I'm Tecca And this mind left ya Down at the bottom because N9ne's betta And if swines ever find the quest to try and test the cleverness They in a mess bind and yes I sever decay em and define pressure Imma spit it for Big wars and not a critic whore Hit ignore I got acidic core In this war your not a winner pause Wanna pla-ay every da-ay Sta-ay for the wa-ay I spra-ay sa-ay You gotta pa-ay thats ya-ay and ay-ay Bumblebee tuna GRR Dont be smelling like it if your under me rumors Will begin about you from hugry pumas Hoping wising prayin when your gonna be sooner When I dead em I get up in the head of the nigga that said it I'm pickin the lead up then wet em look like a predator, Imma get em n let em pass Skip the peace it ain't no humble we luna Moon stricken Rednecks sayin who them coons rippin BOOM Pick em up Take em off to my land in my van a lotta room Get in and in When I catch my flow tryin to wake up your style But you fucked up like, uh oh Imma make up for it now [Hook x2] It's unfair to be Such a mother fuckin rarity Beware that we tear many squares If he dares to be a parody of this clarity We bear that we share swear we need therapy Prepare to see nair any spared caring is barely there It's unfair [Verse 2 - Krizz Kaliko] Who are these dudes we never let any of these fools cheat on the rules Kristopher egotistical narcistic whicha If they say no then we tellem to get up n move we makin some rules I heard of these guys, murderous when it comes to scripture Ubiquitous, and Godemis, they Gods to us We Gods to them, so we meet right in the middle Too fat to fry it up and belittle When its unfair, we got there hands in the air And you can't even get a show No one cares that your freestyle so rare But no body could anybody know But it's easy for them physical favors Why yall just spend all your paper Breezes bend over the table Tattoos embezzle my label Drivin n traffic n rhymes them choppers Africanized We what is happenin to your wife While your at 9 to 5's You might as well stop rappin Cuz its not happenen if I stop laughin Cuz its to hard to impress just blatant disregard The four horsemen of course with force to the coarsewin Your talkin taller when yall gettin the short end [Hook x2] It's unfair to be Such a mother fuckin rarity Beware that we tear many squares If he dares to be a parody of this clarity We bear that we share swear we need therapy Prepare to see nair any spared caring is barely there It's unfair [Verse 3 - Godemis (Ces Cru)] It's unfair to me Nothing is what it appears to be Killin off any and everything Comin to enter somethin that steered to me If you feelin the fear then flee Fi fo fee fo where the fuck go I'm retarded with a clover I guess you can call it dumb luck When I'm rappin Out of habit im adament gettin adam But I would rather Hit a madam with a Magnum and split her atoms Tryna fathom the famon that will deminish the anger Got a place it at the table, we eatin spinnach with strangers Sippin Carabou lou Spillin the sickest shit ever by tellm bout who would of knew I'm one of two in the crew, with knife in my pocket an one in my shoe Surrounded by haters so what am I do Thinkin I gotta devise a gameplan Get a ticket to kickit with krizz n nina So I guess I'm headed to STRANGELAND! And my main man, woulda told me to merkem Doin the sin indeed Imma catch a couple more, then I'm formin a human centipede Pause "Pause" I'm aware that they hatin, look at the god at this Who the fuck is fuckin with Tech, Kali, Ubi and Godemis [Hook x2] It's unfair to be Such a mother fuckin rarity Beware that we tear many squares If he dares to be a parody of this clarity We bear that we share swear we need therapy Prepare to see nair any spared caring is barely there It's unfair [Verse 4 - Ubiquitous (Ces Cru)] It's unfair to be, doin mother fuckin charity You can pay a fuckin fair for me You really there? Ain't nothin there for me Move carefully I swear to be, light as a parakeet High as a cherokee In my rhyme I spoke like jeremy Feel my fire, my smoke, my kerosene We we don't want no drama We we don't want no trouble We we can keep it peacefull If yall yall can keep it humble I, I really don't know what he come fo But his name is the same as a gun yo Strangeland is a place that I seen in a dream Since I was runnin around in my umbro And you heard it direct from my mouth piece Techs got it me out, an found me Turn out we the perfect strangers Lary appleton and balky I was out east When techs came in , when tech sayin what is about to be Before you fuck me, on the go kno that everybody around lookin out fo me Now that we got that in the air I can feel the change in the atmosphere A crew been livin in limbo Apprently all this rappin has trapped us here And after years they hearin we lost inside the dream Not necessarily I won't let this rap thing bury me Imma let these bat wings carry me [Backwards] It's unfair to be Such a mother fuckin rarity Beware that we tear many squares If he dares to be a parody of this clarity The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Jay Rock, Kutt Calhoun Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Kocky Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Aw shit, Aw fuck Me, Kali and Ces we go to get bucks On the path but didn't think we'd get stuck By some crass lads that's 'bout to get tough And they play not, temperatures stay hot And don't nobody be relaxin' when on they block Like it a yay spot, never let that pay stop Unless you wanna be trippin' with Kutty and Jay Rock [Verse 1: Kutt Calhoun] Bad Flames, Feature Presentation, Raw and UnKutt All of 'em undeniable classics like who they come from Most talked about on the internet Nigga I been a vet Eleven years strong, still holdin' on And I ain't finished yet Red headed-est step child It's a plague spread to accept how it is Wanna see me fall get me out the loot When all I've done is respect how it is Now I gotta turn into a nigga you once knew No mo' papers off Probation I'm a cold case He gon' sho hate it When I throw a bomb like Troy Aikman To do damage you walk in a bunch huh? When you niggas are really the punks huh? In the hearts of men, I'm seeing cowards Where you niggas is at when the funk come? Smoke a blunt to that When the funk ensues you resort to rap Said you was all in, 2 on the 10 you must distort the facts So I pledge allegiance to only me I only breathe Eat to shit, the chrome's in me [probably wrong] The only misconstrued message in the song you see Is it's not arrogance, this is what it's grown to be [Hook: Krizz Kaliko] See you can tell be the way that I use my wealth I'm cocky This the man right chyea as to ya'll out south I'm cocky And if you ain't figured out what we talkin' about I'm the one they all talkin' about And if they hatin' me that only mean my name in they mouth I'm cocky [Verse 2: Jay Rock] Pull up to the spot, watch the girls all pause Like a dirty ass dog house, drawers gon' fall Bitches get wet when they see that candy paint Soak yo dick through them boxers 'cause you got bank Shout out to them shock collars (shot callers?), niggas got rank Death to you snitches seen a light Drake I'm all the way silent, I will never break Pillow talking to them hoes, you all the way gay The problem is niggas never know they place Just know your role, play your part and you'll be straight But niggas crooked like D-Bo eye And could never ever see why we so fly You either gotta go home or go hard Keep a bad bitch with a good job and good jaw Black strap on me, yeah you can tell when I walk Pitbull of the leash if you flinch I'm a bark [Hook: Krizz Kaliko] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] You thought we through Stop the bull talk We rule papi Smooth Knock these fools off me Boo sloppy How I have they bitches bukakke Move awfully cool hotty Slob these jewels softly Who's naughty? Shock exudes bossy Dude's cocky Soowoo got me blue blocky When I do shop At the woowop I bought the boo jockey My Gucc watch Perfuse rocks And I be loose of the Caribou Lou Mami your poonani Saw me and got tsunami Tech's elated I'm rated They say the greatest Paraded my lastest Pages I created And the news shot me That's why I'm hated You faggots is weak and dated When I spray this place and do away With all this fakin then erase it who'd stop me? It is evident, that you wonder why and where her cheddar went That look on your face I'm seeing I'd rather get When your boo prop me I'm a sedative Cause I beat it repetitive Used twat b All in ya mouth and you never knew charlie [Hook x2: Krizz Kaliko] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Who Do I Catch Now? Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Real rock rap and not to Xerox weird not Enough to make you fear a lot from here watch I ran scrimmage and I fought to the damn finish And I popped eyes open without eating me canned spinach My fans in it constantly tellin' me I can win it If I stand grimace damagin man every damn minute I blend then expands quick it scrams wicked rhyme Grand spittage H.A.M. with it fans dig it N9ne! Cha hard to see me like the background Your rap styles comin' softer than a cats meow Red laces but booted like Im Iraq bound That frown will get you ate by my cannibal from Sac Town So relax pal pat down gat down bat down blackout With a fat smile I might react foul so dont make this cat growl I caught everybody when I spazzed wow who do I catch now! (Hook: Tech N9ne) Who do I catch now? Maybe those who can't get with the rap sound I caught the industry who do I catch now Who do I catch now? Maybe those who don't rip with the rap down I caught the whole world, who do I catch now (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) I caught wrecks (AND THEN) I caught checks (AND THEN) I caught press (AND THEN) I caught sex (YES) And no permanent diseases were caught when I caught that Now the games been offset cause im Strange in a lost mess I caught a lot of shit by being different they tried to hinder Tech By calling him devil worshipper surfaced up on the internet My temper gets grimmer just as winter sets Imma venter yes And I can't forget when the finger pressed triggers I can't remember that I caught stars attention Nina had a large ascension So high the lord is squintin' (NO)  I mean ya'll are squintin' (OKAY) Cause I'm tall as Pippen (NO)  Got a flawless vision (OKAY) On a lawless mission (NO) Cause I'm ballish pimpin'(YEAH!) Best believe I caught fades never homie soft made I'm active no off days and I got floss paid with music I caught babes And I even caught gays before they all caught AIDS (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) I hit a pot of gold with the harder flow You haters oughta know that we are the MO This is my land you in my hand and you'sa particle And I see you marvel with the fact I caught the Carter 4 So that means I caught Martians already And you talk shit about that because often ya'll petty And because you jelly sicklin' its costing ya'll bettys To get tossed in our headache cuz we lost in tall fetty Hey you catch the vapours cause Nina he catch hoes And you non believers are funny people like Seth Rog Better pay attention cause if ya simpin' ya get froze And I'ma leave you with a wet nose when im rippin they catch colds (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brotha Lynch Hung, Prozak Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: My Favorite Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Versus 1: Tech N9ne] Steady shooting for the stars On this vertical journey I be recruiting more for bars Gotta be hard, in the car I'm running with cannons that really loosen your regards Greedy money, and then some These motherfuckers will murder you for your income So when the flash the pass to begin some Spitting my favorite of Prozak and Lynch Hung After the shows I'm thinking about food Just give me some [?] and drinks I'm cool You probably thinking that a womans my juice But I drool over Italian cooking is my joo I eat all of it all the time At the mall even y'all When they called the n9ne Money tall yes I ball missing all the sign [?] we could meet but never draw the line Doctor said that my blood pressure pew I was healthy for one minute but then fumes Of a pepper corn fillet within the room I gotta go get it soon, you seeing the nigger zoom Capital grill and a melting pot They know my name PF Chang so they help a lot You let the n9ne cut the line when its sweltering hot to wine and dine me and we belting lot I can't stop eating, I really love eating I know my body be wishing I was vegan The fat of my stomach it was leaving me, feeding me All I be thinking when I be breathing un evely It don't matter, I'm taking it to the head Tucking my tummy they using bigger thread Telling me if I don't be careful and kill the bread I'm gonna pig out until a nigga dead [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Insatiable's my name When it comes to my favorite things [?] nights I come to pray Of my favorite I never plan to die, too much haven't tried Give me more, give me more I crave it, yes I love it, that's my favorite [Versus 2: Prozak] I'm an addict, [?] I never pay Kamikaze coming closer to my blood stream Caffeine, nicotine, medical green [?] prepare for lift off, stimulation drift off If I don't feed my addiction I get pissed off All these voices [?] I got the devil in my right hand Always leaving me decitful theivery procedes to impede so theres not much steem in me in need to feed to be stuffed in eagerly I can't seem to leave it be and be free Feel my synapses, collapsing I'm gasping I think I'm going down like Michael Jackson Tunnel vision everything is going black And I'm headed to a place where there never is no coming back Swan dive in a lake of fire All thanks to my faithful drug suppliers Now the taste is a taste like you all subscribers under the reigns of the chains of your own desires Your new god is in black atire Never slave to his rays you can not defy him Such a waste to the race til your life expires no escape, given chase like Michael Meyers [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Insatiable's my name When it comes to my favorite things [?] nights I come to pray Of my favorite I never plan to die, too much haven't tried Give me more, give me more I crave it, yes I love it, that's my favorite [Versus 3: Brotha Lynch Hung] After the shows I be off to eat Got a big fat sack and it be all for me 6 in the morning I be off these Yelling 6 in the morning like my nigger has tea I pop all of it all the time And they put me in the zone when I'm writing rhymes Drugged out, about to take the mug out Taking gallons of water I gotta get the drug out So stuck like I'm sniffing coke up And I love it just as much as I love eating cold cuts Yeah I'm the nigger that eat ya whole lunch be tryin to rape me but I be like hold up Date rape about to set a rape tape Yeah Kim Kardashian Ray J All up in that ass again Mayday I'm just sick in the head as they say I be off the top Tech N9ne [?] Then I'm paranoid ready to pull it its off top Y'all better than us hard slagger Bitches on the Tech N9ne stage its goin pop Grrrr And it's all up to her She just popped the pill and I'm [?] This is not for real When I'm ill Call me a Beastie Boy and I will [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Insatiable's my name When it comes to my favorite things [?] nights I come to pray Of my favorite I never plan to die, too much haven't tried Give me more, give me more I crave it, yes I love it, that's my favorite The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Mayday Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Retrogression Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] What is this in the distance? A drug begging for commitment Man I'm gonna do what they say Releasing this retrogress with Mayday! "uh oh, Uh Oh, UGH OH OH oh oh" [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] I'm thinking of retrogression, about going back to my best friend On an X binge, with the uncut molly would you kill me is the question I miss sessions, what about two chicks on deck in my bed undressin Now we meshin, pressin sex n sweatin left in a press of heaven I use ta... boost her with Adderall... my teeth would chatter all naw well really don't matter yall I'm cool Like the cigarettes, I was a bigger threat to the clitoris Successful sexually bitter neck getter wet Just how high can a nigga get? Blasted, Acid, F Astrisks See coulda he say he may crashed it Fit to replay, D-day ashes I'd take masses, so I could stay plastered That great plastic, I ate like mate in lake placid "Molly I miss you, if I was to kiss you would you take this sick fool to old-days I know you can lift moods, when I'm havin issues I wish I could split smooth to the old-days" [Hook] If..you..feel Like their plan don't fit us all.. Then..you..will Find my land don't give us law If..you..feel like not taking that bigger fall then with all respect, if we retrogress then they'll rid us all! [Verse 2 - Wrekonize (Mayday!)] Okay so lets go, retro Gression I'm guessin that wreck knows These memories are all in my flesh though Strange love, hes entered the flesh mode Some of the greatest sex swolls are XO And if I was bringing the vicks tips to her lips It was for something she would never let go I'd drink shots with her laugh and smoke newports The time we spent was too short My mind is heading do north My body's on its true coarse This women has got my youth sore and tooth raw "All of the lights are leading me through a new door" Can we just go back? Can we just reunite? I need a throwback, to seeing you in flight You had that down south body with a hint of death Picked you up and held you down sound Until I went to rest But who needs rest, when the world is go Everything is burnin so Imma just alert the globe And hurt you slow, you know for fast lovin vertigo So I just pick you up get a little intimate In a minute and wait for the turn of a virgins flow [Hook] If..you..feel Like their plan don't fit us all.. Then..you..will Find my land don't give us law If..you..feel like not taking that bigger fall then with all respect, if we retrogress then they'll rid us all! [Verse 3 - Dernz (Mayday!)] I tuned em out.. I, I tuned em out Too busy turnin on and droppin out behind my My mommas house, producing clouds Never understood my need to get numb me While I'm bleedin out my eyes, even out my lungs Tryin to avoid the sun Curious at a young age for a taste Watchin them numb they face Took Caroline found someone for us to bring out on dates I call it youthful curiosity Jump the edge every Saturday Strobe lights an low lives the city at night was callin me I turned em out.. I, I turned em out Had em both kissin on my lips n smoke the spliff to boost the trip Lift off, I'm gone Phone call to my bro lettem know that I'm lost And I got sand in my shoes from twilight beach Mnage  trois Heavy sedated eyes, grew up with jaded eyes See she's been friends of mine since 99 But now we don't see eye to eye I cant retrogress, unless life gets to heavy for my chest Then I'll be tuning out again and droppin out before they win The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ 816 Boyz Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Bang Out Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] What the fuck do I hear mayne? Listen I think some bitches coming near me Dwam! I need you to do something for me What's that baby? I don't know if you can handle this Shit, I can handle whatever I need you to just bang out! 816 Boyz! [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Here I come baby, the areola mayne! And the Hennessy got me numb Like I shot my dick with Novocaine Fuck with Nina if you want to come Ain't no slackin' in my tappin' bitch I pump for fun Got these bad bitches at the bar, and a bunch of rum Wanna fuck Tech? So I guess they want to jump the gun They want me to bang out, that's what I do when my thang' out Then I'm gonna put it right in they mouth Beat the panini til' one of them say ouch Right! If they came to Nina with tight cats They end up loose as a goose they pussies to ice packs Real life Jack, they can be white, black, nice, fat Just need a crevice to put my pipe at So when we bang out baby fight back And I'mma knock it out like my name was young Mike, crack! [Hook] Told me to bang [X6] Like it ain't a thang' [X4] Let me say your name daddy When I tell you "beat it up" stop me Want you try to pull that thang' out Baby can we shang' out? Told me to bang [X6] Like it ain't a thang' [X4] Let me say your name poppy When you hear me holla' don't stoppy Want you to try to wear that thang' out Baby can we bang out? [Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko] I like them kind of girls Only two kind of girls Good ol' big ones and big old' good ones Baby mama girl! Not prejudice I like the light ones White ones, black as night ones, (Okay) My fetish is to leave the lights on, watch her while I pipe her (Okay) I been around the globe, the motherlands, the mother load And Asian girls, call them choppies, boricuas call me pappy Down unda' the Sheila's, under the sheets and she's a pleasa' Your a peon girl straighten my lean and Tower of Pisa Middle Eastern girls let me unda' the tunic Snake and bat know we runnin' They comin' back cause' they want it Ay yo fat girls, come 'ere are you ticklish? I'm mad niggerish, pull out the liquor and she told me to- [Hook] [Verse 3: Kutt Calhoun] The way you make that booty talk I know your ass a liar So when I spank it then you whine for me to pacify ya You call me daddy cause I beat it like my own kids Them other niggas just some minute-men, Uncle Ben's But I'm a Capricorn I'm packed like a strap of porn I whip the pussy like slave masters, they backs is torn My pole reels them in, right by they black whiskers Rough it and catch, then release 'em when I'm catfishin' Brown, white, yellow, tan, and all the black women Know why Kutty bang out and this dick is what's attractin' 'em Even when I pass it to the homies like they Badminton Now I'm undastandin' why these hoes keep comin' back nigga [Hook] [Verse 4: Makzilla] Ay ay ay turn me up yep yep loud in here So that everyone can hear, I got bang bang of the year Yes them voted me so sexy, Tech and crystal niggas lace me Ya'll then came about my shit, oh shit, goddamn I'm raisin' hell Oh well, no, I do not kiss and squeal I am Vegas secrets so my lips forever sealed And I'm sorry, in my PJ's bitch I'm snorin' Wakin' up like OMG, O-OMG like a alarmin' Hit hit the snooze pu-wah-uss Three walk in now-now there's two She kissed her, she kissed you Now-now they turn and pissed on you ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Beautiful Music  Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) Yates I'mma put this bass this place all up in your face Picture me painting pretty pussy with a pen and pad and picking a pair of provocative peaches to press to the pace Let's get this straight I am the maker of emotion on my planet you will be blessed at the gate Complex when the mate Is one that could have any woman breathing so you might end up with a chest full of hate Less to debate If women would just ride She feeling my love vibe I'm feeling her cup size She willing to plug guys I'm giver her bug eyes From my dick in her thighs She thinking it was lies When her name changed from baby to Sherlock Holmes Wouldn't you want to shit if she go through your phone To see if there's pictures of bitches with no clothes on Now she pissed at the photos Looking like a ho show Thinking every one of them are gonna get the pogo Or prolly done had it She highly combative But no no Shining the light on me With cheater up on the go bro When we first started out you knew we was on the low low Now you feeling bozo Peeping through my property like you logo Thinking I'm sticking them and slanging more meat than fogo (Hook: Krizz Kaliko) Now I can paint a beautiful picture But you won't want to look into it I can make beautiful music with ya But you won't want to listen to it (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) It's just me and you Better yet it's me and crew Cause I never can be free and do What a normal nigga can manage to be when two People go out with no doubt to show out They beautiful couple But when I go out they pour out And triples and doubles Then out of your mouth the blow out Cause you had enough of the bitches seesing who You saw the beautiful picture at the begging With mister Tech in your vision Having sex in the kitchen And press in the living room Sex and no less or you're bitchin With the extra conditions Me getting left is the mission Cause I can't get right Ain't this night Ain't no possible way that I can paint this bright When the brain is night Mayne it's quite Difficult to be with Tech Ninna game this tight Or is it You gotta live it To give it I'm giving you me If you wanna quit it I dig it Cause I get a pussy pass every minute But then it A fight cause you think I'm all up in it We finished Now we diminished I get it See the obstacle then you really admit it Without ever knowing I did it you split it I was real and don't you ever forget it You bit-itch (Hook) (Verse 3: Tech N9ne) Baby this is something that you never knew Instead of me you being with a regular nigga may be a better view I know I got a lot of cheddar true But a nigga with hella time in your bed is who You should be putting way up on a pedestal You being super happy with him instead of blue But you wanna see shit that you never seen My dick is feeling like you taking methamphetamine That's why when I'm calling your phone you never let it ring Even when he's sitting next to you I bet it sting You wana ride it  Your hide is devided By my two thumbs I murder it When i get inside it Hit it till you get it then get the it is ignited When you tripping you can't fly with the pilot I can paint you a beautiful picture But I think it's better when you got a dude with you Sitting at home and then you got a true fixture You fucking perform because he got it through scripture I'm a compatible nigga To every woman with incredible figures Tattoo my dick on him is that a new stigma If you say that then music I ain't gotta do with ya (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Stevie Stone, Young Bleed Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Won't You Come Dirty Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Try it, breath in baby and I'ma hold those bun's sturdy Stevie Stone and Bleed say one puff'll make you come dirty [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] First 30 minutes it ain't been no hit 30 more I'm plopping in your shit yeah Plop is the sound it makes Plop plop plop till the ground breaks I'm ground breaking when I fuck I pound great And she ain't got no stoppers No bra No stockings nigga no gown nothing I made that frown straighten around 8 she sound fake but I hound make her go down like she found Satan I know you thinking that she ain't do it Cause with you, ya hella boring so she ain't fluid But when she with me equivalent to straight sewage Dirty Like they call you in the St. Louis Won't you come dirty?, won't you come, won't you come dirty? won't you come, won't you come dirty? Won't you come, won't you come, won't you come dirty? won't you come, won't you come dirty? Dont bring miss goodie goodie round me, won't you come dirty?, just let that booty booty drown me Won't you come dirty?, Hey, won't you come, won't you come, won't you come dirty? Hey, won't you come [Verse 2: Young Bleed] I'm a black Jim Morrison Peep the game from a far away glimpse If I get it I got it I'm going in I'm on some bitch I'm far in Strange lane I could hardly win Strange Chain Jenny car we in My chain hang through the hearts of men It's the same thing at the bar again Strange Land more women than men Strange hands they be giving me gin My plane land about a quarter to ten My game grand Living this sin again and again Bottles in hand Chop the hair off my chinny chin chin We are wild in there Wild with friends I'm going to drop the top of the beam on my benz My team in my hands Hustling ends I'm along with you I'm about to go in On the phone with you Like the back of a 4 10 It's on with you From the beginning to the end You look like some twins But really some tens I keep them clean blowing smoke in the wind I'm a post the kin And that's pimp the kin Mr. Snoop my pimping friend [Verse 3: Stevie Stone] Well she come then she eager for the front stroke back stroke Deep throat strap in the camel toe swoll Getting dirty as a model Baby girl looking like a model Very hard act to follow Got a new shift kick with that throttle She swabs Baby got a mouthpiece swabs Girls girls they swab Got them and done them since Carolina Colorado Feeling like I won the lotto That bad bitch is Mulatto Baby come drown me Squirt on me today and tomorrow I'll take that And when I pull your hair you take that And I'm a smack that ass you take that Start cumming in your legs Get shaken and shaking Callin' her a sexual addict a fanatic In the pussy enthusiastic Gotta have it [OUTRO] Too drugged out Now I'm bummed out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Brotha Lynch Hung, Courtney Kuhnz Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Sad Circus Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Ladies and gentlemen Hurry hurry hurry Step right up and witness the sad circus Come one, come all, to the sad circus Step right up and see the lonely poor bastard Witness the man with no hope Stories guaranteed to be tear jerkers Now without further ado the sad circus [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I had so many plans, cause I got plenty fans I thought that I was never gonna be alone to spend these grands But it seems that every girl that I dated somehow hated the way I loved And I made it with so many, now the ones that with it, its not any; they all ran I thought that I was gonna be Hugh Hef, 6 women to go 2-step but not one of my crews left Kids are growing up and they got lives now nobody arise now Used to be married but narcissism let my bride down I used to be a playa, I used to be afraid of bein' alone But they all eventually said "I'll see ya lata'"; much lata' Sittin' in this plush lair must say I'm stuck in a rut I guess not enough prayer Cause ain't nobody came back, I bust the same raps But ain't no dame pack wish I could change that They say that I'm extra I'm messed up and I murk the deals That I have with them in the past and I miss 'em and it hurts for real [Hook: Courtney Kuhnz] See the man with the broken heart (He's just right over there) All alone he stands so lonely in this world so cold He's been hopeless from the start (He feels like no one cares) All alone he'll die so lonely saddest story ever told [Verse 2: Brotha Lynch Hung] Sooner or later rumors will tear me up in pieces And he's just bad luck everywhere I go I'm sick of this steepness More money more problems, no money problems gettin' worse He don't have to get bloody but he didn't have to get hurt Fuck I'm so tired of all this cryin' it don't work Its affectin' my work, not even carin' about my worth Thin line between love and raps, Strange got the fans comin' back Bad plus bad run in packs, startin' to think is a curse I can't you do it without you nigga' Can't be done without me nigga' Well, yes it can, wait, please don't do it without me nigga' Strange move on without these lyrics, makin' it to where these fans can hear it I'mma have to get done I'm near it, Brotha Lynch Hung you can't be serious I'm starin' at these pills, in the back of the Cadillac, and matta' fact I got it I grip my steel, I'm always on this suicide thinkin' that's how I feel I figure if I get rid of these pills nobody would care if I'm killed My label's on the road, me just sittin' at home, see Spittin' that chrome, me gettin' that gold We get that call and then we run in they house, gun up in they mouth Just know this Madesicc Strange, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout [Hook] See the man with the broken heart (He's just right over there) All alone he stands so lonely in this world so cold He's been hopeless from the start (He feels like no one cares) All alone he'll die so lonely saddest story ever told Saddest story ever told Saddest story ever told [Outro] Thank you for coming to the sad circus Come again or not I'm falling I'm crawling I'm yellin' but no one can hear me calling I'm cryin' profusely Sometimes I wish somebody would just come and noose me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ MAYDAY Album: Welcome to Strangeland  Song: The Noose Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Verse 1: Wrekonize) Ive tried writing this letter now several times before When the partys over and the liquor is no more I tell now that living has become somewhat a chore And following their rules is such a God forsaken bore Now I say God because i'm programed but I believe in none I see no interventions and I see no holy sons And if i'm wrong then strike me down and break these breathing lungs Just take the words reverse them back upon my evil tounge Ive seen children arm eachother like its second nature sung Just wanna watch the world burn and bang apon the drums And that is why the music and the rhythme will live on Cause chaos has a melody and death is like a song I sing, sing out to the rafters I sing Close this little chapter and I think Is life is a disaster and it stinks I'm trying to find a way to just sing Sing out to the rafters I sing Close this little chapter and I think Is life is a disaster and it stinks You see him trying to find a way out  (Hook: Wrekonize) What a world [x2] I'm hanging up the noose now Waiting for the end What a world [x2] I'm hanging up the noose now Waiting for the end (Verse 2: Tech N9ne) I went to visit wounded soilders out at camp pendelton And the cost of the missing limbs it meaned that is no love like wimbelton When they sat before me young as hell Look at me alcaldes like gentlemen I'm thinking that the enemy took away their ability To walk and to touch no way of rekindalin What is now gone Unless they got money like Forest and LT. Dan The war if you in a dam they have no remorse and that any minute bam That's fucked off While we chillin on tour on the bus getting sucked off Know a families greaving Because war is receding Their peeps and they cring their butts off That's why I get so much When I flow bust While we got it so good Cause it's so rough But the young soliders who do exactly what they are told to do Damn do exactly what they told to do Defend their country and uphold the crew But give my one and only soul for you That's a hell of a job discription I don't know if my gods with this one But I guess it's the laws of sickman Sending out youngins and they fall the victums Of an evils klans plan That's why I be saying dwam Cause on 9/11 I realized our fate is in another mans hands (Hook) (Verse 3: Bernz) When I see how my loved ones have left I wonder how long I would I would fight I wonder if I would give in and let the reaper lead me into night See I got too much pride left  My grandmother died too early Reaching for moments more instead the cancer in her lungs took it from you We drift, naturally like two ships in the roughest of seas That's why this moments precious yet I'm too distant to feel it complete  See these days I feel so disconnected It gets harder to drop to my knees I guess that's a side effect of living in generation XYZ  Obsessed with pain and greed man I wish we were kids again Things were simpler than 90s incidents  Got me losing friends to the hands of violent men fast Faster than speeding bullets whizzing down alley ways  Abruptly I'm waking up from this haze  But only to realize the world hasn't changed  Suddenly I'm not even fazed Y'all think it's the way we been raised?  Fuck it I'm sitting right back in this haze  Cause these kids are not to be my last today  With a hope and a prayer put a rope in the air But I'm just too scared  Talking from the pressure will I rock this chest  Swing back and forth and tempt death with a blank stare (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Kutt Calhoun Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Slave Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Fight the pain, inside the rain A rebel know, to let the devil go So now to get paid, about to be working like a slave [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] I'm kinda good, kinda bad, kinda get money can't be mad I'm kinda broke but I'm kinda rich Wishing I had a corner I could put a bitch in They ain't gonna do nothing Ain't like I'm suffering Food for my baby's mouth Then I bought a house for my baby mother and What's wrong? I try, don't matter, still die I'm strong, but I'm not When I'm alone, I cry Out for you, it's hard to do I can't see you so doubt for you When out my mouth I sprout the noose Too much vodka and mountain dew Explainin' what I be meanin' If you listen fast you think I was a Heathen But the last Sunday receivin' the preacher from the pastor Ain't even believin' the bastard But no Hades, god's baby God made me, a little crazy And I'm off, I'm gone My life is my songs What I mean when I sing, still on a wing and a prayer But if I listen to what is written in the scriptures maybe it will get me there Share with the people I swear it is an evil scam that might be in vain But if I say I I'm the genius then like jesus everybody gonna know my name (KALI) I've been working like a slave oh, lord And I get tired along this lonesome journey I done struggled on this road, I've been wrong I know, I know that there's no peace in my shelter There's going to be no peace in my shelter [Verse 2: Kutt Callhoun] [OHH LORD LORD LORD] I need reparations due to devastation from the state of present situations And it's not easy to walk a narrow path in my jeans It's hard when your family wondering when your going to make another Stop leaving, stop breathing for a minute cuz it's all artificial when the laws trying to get you When them haters right behind em and you wanna shove a double barrel sawed off in your dental What can I do to stop a big catastrophe When niggas after me and bitches after me Wanna have my baby, listen niggas lady Trials and tribulations tackle me My mama think I made it, she feeling elated Proud of her only son born My kids think I'm the greatest I cannot display this Smile feelin like a funyon (Salty and all) you'll be (locked in a stall) trying (lost in the cause) truly, no denying Ain't nobody gonna do it for me For the moment let it drive me insane Solicitation of a prostitute Cuz you a ho when you're playing this game But it's okay, I am gonna to ride till I triumph Cause everybody once upon a time was a slave This is Callhoun I've been working like a slave oh, lord And I get tired along this lonesome journey I done struggled on this road, I've been wrong, I know I know there's no peace in my shelter [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] I work, I play, and I drink booze every day tryin to muffle the blues Imma say used in a way Fools run astray Allah, God, Jesus, Jah somebody please help me Mama got a problem with diabetes it don't seem healthy Everything depends on ninna fame hittin dantez sr Got a nigga thinkin some of the fans I'm makin would they wanna do me like Selina Devil laughin like a hijena Losin all the good in my demeanor I don't wanna go psycho But choke the flow you know I got ta go and charlie sheen yaa Tryina stay good with the old lady My mind made it go crazy no time for my poor babies So don't let a motherfucker play me When I say FU pay me Even though I'm gettin' money you could still see I'm hungry like I'm in Haiti What am I to do? What am I to you? Bought alot of coo, but im not immune Can't you see? I'm stressed not free From yall. I'm sick. My body's hot If in this (pressure) don't let up this will probably stop for Technina.. I've been working like a slave for long And I get tired along this lonesome journey I done struggled on this road, I've been wrong (I been wrong) I know, I know that there's no peace in my shelter There's no peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Jay Da 3rd Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Overwhelming Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] This is so, so crazy.. This long journey.. Look at all the love you gave me You gave me the strength.. To keep on moving forward Pushing me past the stars.. Now the light I'm running toward.. [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] At the bottom of the barrel, I was like the rotten apple And I never graduated, no gown, no cap and a tassel But I stowed my education, now I got my teachers baffled Wonder why I feel the terror of number one independent God picked my name in the raffle I was dealt a bad hand, wasn't gonna amount to nothing Thank god that I had fans, keyboards, mics an percussion Cuz with that yo I elevated, now I'm just celebrated Whenever tecca nina hit the public Taking so many pictures, signing the autographs Leaving messages on your voice mails and I love it And with all this new success I can't believe this love level Specially when they thought that I was devil A painted up psycho brotha who loves metal The response is overwhelming, for the love, can't thank you enough Dedicated to all the people who got me out of hell Ya'll saved my life and stuff [Hook: Jay Da 3rd & (Tech N9ne)] I opened up my heart, showed you what I had inside An ocean full of truth, too deep for the lies Ya made it to the pain, had to swim through the pride There's nothing else I need to survive Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, ay, it kept me alive yeah!) Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, its so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, it kept me alive yeah, yeah, come on!) [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Back in the days I went through visions, in my head, dreams that you'd listen But my wonderful fans they came, and made it all come to fruition Sometimes with the females I'll straight show my gratitude through kissin' On the cheek, for the youngsters, foreheads, for the legal pound for the fella's and screw vixens Way back when I was bitter, what's unused my music is litter, so mad at em, that I got jitters Didn't consider that in a second I would be bigger, the label found that I was a hard hitter I'd give'r shit was delivered hella hard from a spitter, gritter Recognizing all the humongous love I'd get on facebook and positive messages on twitter This is how I tell you thank you, to all of my fans I thank you And you can tell all those suckaz that hate on the Nina they just upset that they ain't you Cuz they favorite artist is lame, and neglects his fans, he does do But your favorite artist goes out of his way to show you that he loves you [Hook: Jay Da 3rd & (Tech N9ne)] I opened up my heart, showed you what I had inside An ocean full of truth, too deep for the lies Ya made it to the pain, had to swim through the pride There's nothing else I need to survive Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, ay, it kept me alive yeah!) Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, its so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, it kept me alive yeah, yeah, come on!) [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] So here's to all of my fans, your making my dreams come true You helped me create this land, by believing in things one knew And that one is N9ne, you brung his time to everyone and rhymed All though some is blind you brung his lines to the sun and shined Technician hunts, keeping my every condition pumped Giving you what your suspicion wants, waking up these hissing punks To the early strange fans, thank you for feeling my pain man But for the newbies I'm so so glad that you made it, welcome to strangeland The tattoos, the tears, the gratitude, the years My life you get through sound, thank you cuz Tech you found Just know that I'm thankful and I will never ever let you down [Hook: Jay Da 3rd & (Tech N9ne)] I opened up my heart, showed you what I had inside An ocean full of truth, too deep for the lies Ya made it to the pain, had to swim through the pride There's nothing else I need to survive Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, ay, it kept me alive yeah!) Overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, your love is so, its so, so!) So overwhelming! (So, so, so) (Yeah, it kept me alive yeah, yeah, come on!) [Outro: Tech N9ne] Wow, thank you to all who love me I mean it more than you know I love you for feeling my music And coming to every show And I will forever be there Through rain, sleet or snow You're right there with the stars Cuz I'm cutty now there's only one other place we can go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Kutt Calhoun Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Gods Typed by: AZ Lyrics God Status Musical Omnipotent It's time to go brothers, 11 years and we finally here Beyond the stars, the trinity Gods status lets go! Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Gods! [Krizz Kaliko] Me and Tech an them started on a quest for M-O-N-E-Y, we touch'in so many, why? Cause we spiritual Feel'n every syllable we spit out We angels, that's the way we tell'n demons to get out, so bled out Baddest nigga represent'n the Midow Feel'n like the world cannot live wit'out, Ta-dow! Now we immortal! Someone open up the portal! Rap is ever lethal when me and Nina was caught on! We God status, got through a task at us Told us he make us angels but our missions to kill the baddest So we gotta blast the bastards with our rap and apparatus's Never let off the ravage on em like rabbits on radishes Who like the Grateful Dead, our fans are the new dead heads We keep'n every word we say'n like it's a pledge And when you hear them gods and love how it sounded When ya see the king kneel to the ground, make a fist and pound it Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Gods! [Kutt Calhoun] I told you I'm forever didn't I? Highly exalted then christen (your souls) those grounded I inspire to lift Em up, the holy ghost and the frequency of your audio speakers There set on all that can reach us, by now were adios Witness the blessin's beliefs and hopefulness I bestow em upon a fan or Foe Man or those oppose'n the Chanet growth I plant it so everyone on the planet can evoke the entity sent to be this Music industries manifold I manifested this bitch, suggested that I rose up from under the sheets of God's baby cradle sent down to pose a threat to messanic rappers protest Agonist moral lackage, invested in this infested depiction of worldwide Gibberish Sss soft no more here it is, a little experiment with Jesus blood and water When the spirit mix, drink it, it's so refresh'n just like the air of my Message, The breeze carries and once you inhale it then I will ask you Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Gods! [Tech N9ne] Exalted Bosses, get off his office with crosses, that's what he fought With in darkness's losses, no caustic losses cause the brains embossed with The word auspiciousness, Feed my fam flows fluidly, they would never leave My land no truancy, cause I am the reason they stand for unity, Unlike me with whackness you give yo fans no immunity, I am the air they share, I am the heir to the throne where no compare in my Own zone this lair is home grown, it's rare but it's on strong, Beware, long gone if you dare got the wrong tone, Now, we are beyond those who got fame, gave my heart and many souls were Obtained, so my lane will definitely not change cause G.O.D.S. means the Great Omnipotent Doc Strange Who do you believe in? is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? is it he, is it me? W-E- them G-O-D's (Do you believe, believe, believe) Do you believe? Do you believe? Who do you believe in? Gods! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: I Need a Drink Typed by: AZ Lyrics In heaven but the hell still with me Cops pull us over yo my name Bill Bixby That meaning a blink, I'ma do the opposite of shrink And bink ya but I do not want to clink, I need a drink vodka, cognac, rum, whiskey beer and tequila I don't wanna think, I need a drink Whether wine, or moonshine, whatever I'm just trying to ease my mind I need a Big fucking cup, shit's fucking up, this fucking sucks Everybody broke cause they no job Cris stuff and puff, lit up and huff Pissed cuss and fuss Everybody told one and go rob Mama need John Knox village And that's a lot of cheese from my skillet But that don't matter though cause for mamas health you know money gotta go Radical, stab ya, no but me and the gat is compatible I don't know why these employers ain't calling me Constantly, stalling me, fuck this economy preacher be telling me read Deuteronomy, But in all honesty, it fucking astonish me When we broke nigga, looked at as a joke nigga But I'm a go getter, hop up like a fourwheeler The jacker dope dealer, run up in your hood Chopping all stood with the 'k till it was all good In heaven but the hell still with me Cops pull us over yo my name Bill Bixby That meaning a blink, I'ma do the opposite of shrink An bink ya but I do not want to clink, I need a drink vodka, cognac, rum, whisk beer and tequila I don't wanna think, I need a drink Whether wine, or moonshine, whatever I'm just trying to ease my mind I need a Club so I can just geek, just get to it Now I'm ducking every pig cause my nig blew it And how we sangin' on a nigga ain't a funny sight I still gotta get my motherfucking money right Hella strong I put the I in might Take a chunk out off a stunner with the lion's bite Fuck signal with nothing I ain't about to cry and gripe Just gonna live my every day like the Mayans right I ain't bullshitting, I'm a lost soul My kids growing and they need shits that cost dough My homie got shot right outside of I need a cross yo, I need a drink vodka, cognac, rum, whiskey, beer tequila I don't wanna think, I need a drink Whether wine, a moonshine, whatever I'm just trying to ease my mind I need a The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: The Real Thing Typed by: AZ Lyrics Drink, this is unreal, beyond me The Real Thing cross the path of Suwandi What is real? You must decide. Cause when I'm here, I cannot hide! This pain is mine, not before you I cannot lie, cause I die for you! Believe me I die! Believe me I die! Hey! I'm the real thing they can check my stats All over USA, Overseas, and back I didn't get out of this shit through crack Education and motivation and just do rap Built all my fans, one by one They lovin the bullets coming from my gun They do cry for me, digging the alpha me I'm giving the spirited heart from my tongue How can you say my life is make believe? When everybody call me for rent, I paid the G's I create the "C" notes, we dope So why the hate, cause he broke, we growth When I look around I see jokes With a whole lot of boss and boast A marti taught me to not be flossy Cause these copies will doubt me, close What is real? You must decide. Cause when I'm here, I cannot hide! This pain is mine, not before you I cannot lie, cause I die for you! Believe me I die! Believe me I die! Hey! They say my shit is glamor and glitz And all they think I'm doing is hammering chicks When I'm gone, they'll be slandering this But when I'm around, you a stammering bitch Just give it up cause our cut is due Tech lit up and it's better than you Never in blue, better than runes Made my money off of summerin fools I'm the real thing! I can rap bitch! And I don't know nobody that's disputin that shit Put on my mask, spittins fast, get the cash quick How does it feel to be real? It's fucking fantastic! What is real? You must decide. Cause when I'm here, I cannot hide! This pain is mine, not before you I cannot lie, cause I die for you! Believe me I die! Believe me I die! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Irv da Phenom, Kutt Calhoun, Mayday!, Stevie Stone,  	Jay Rock, Krizz Kaliko & Magnum PI Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: EMJ Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I can't decide this gets deeper, now my body's growing weaker To end this is dedicated, for this you'll never be belated bro [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] I told 'em I ain't know you rap nigga you cold blooded The way he busted his flow on stage wasn't slow was it My nigga was flippin, he grabbed that mic n was rippinin Untill some idiots was trippinin, then I heard bullets whistlin Coulda slang em, I just wanna celebrate he laughed n said Hes writin a song called reno 911 straight on they ass As far as words go its crazy, remember the last I heard EMJ On this emotional musical journey [Chorus ] Come ride with me.. Is it sad to see still ride with me So join me.. let me share with this world as I live out the dreams We won't be gone for long! I promise you won't be alone! If you lose me frightened, words of this song, remember michael jones On this emotional musical journey "Yo... this is OG Muggs, for a shout out to my man MJ, God took you away, it was too soon man Your up there with the angels lookin down And watchin our world right now brother We love you, we miss you, We'll never forget you MJ Rest in peace brother." [Verse 2 - Irv Da Phenom] That was my nigga, in the bunk right across from mine, Crackin them jokes like all the time, hoppin on stage wit em every night And why...niggas would ever wanna take somebodies life Who's livin like a shinning light man all the homie ever did was smile I still don't understand it.. don't think I ever will Why I couldn't have been the bitch nigga that god had let get killed Instead he took MJ away it's safe to say I'll see your face again someday At pearly gates but I hold you in my heart untill [Verse 3 - Kutt Calhoun] At times I'm like, "YO MJ WHERE YOU BEEN??" (Where you at bro?) I know you lookin down on me like, "Here I am Kutty" (I'm right here boy) And I ain't votin for nothin homie, don't wanna do nothing for me Your love is enough in store in its glory, or so pore me a drink We can cheer n toast givin thanks to I, You didn't lose a partner, you gained a gangster for life In your heart I exist but the music I'm able to live I see the way you floss me all on your wrist, and that's whats up mane [Chorus ] Come ride with me.. Is it sad to see still ride with me So join me.. let me share with this world as I live out the dreams We won't be gone for long! I promise you won't be alone! If you lose me frightened, words of this song, remember michael jones "On my highest day my nigga you was there, Now I'm on my lowest day cuz you not here. I miss you my nigga, Love you MJ" [Verse 4 - Dernz] I seen a cruel bitch, met her in Reno Nevada She'll have you livin your dreams, then take em all wit no problem In dark ally ways, where devils wait for the shootout At someone who's special I told my family about em I saw his first door, he told me tech was his hero And watched him from the crowd, till then go rock the same theatres Step out of bounds and rounds can fly, behind casinos On the night I never gambled and still lost it all in Reno. [Verse 5 - Wrekonize] If I only had 8 bars, to come an deliver to you in the grave yard I'd say god is shitty for even releasin you behind the 8 ball The pains hard, I know you got kiddies to carry your name on But I'm prayin for em, so they don't end up just singin the same song I'm hearin it my "sleep", I'm hearin it the "head", This whispers on the beat, screamin MJ where you been? I promise you everyone out here shed tears, untill he remembers Hi powered mayhem, MJ Mayday's 7th member [Verse 6 - Stevie Stone] Remember like it was yesterday, show up in reno Off of the bus, and to off a bourbin then we hit the casino And they we, we did the show an we was ONLY It was all that cryin, you n rock was all that homie Never should have left you lonely, you took six to five day Talk to you a couple days ago still ridin, No one never thought there was Complications risin, a blood clot inside em. MJ DIED I'm like. "MJ, it's Cross-Eyed Joe, We fucking miss you bro MJ, what can I say man, rest in paradise Rest in paradise pimpin, we love you "Michael Jones, I miss you my nigga" [Verse 7 - Jay Rock] MJ still tryna cope wit this, still can't believe that you gone And I know I gots to be strong, revise mindset the lord So we gotta let him take control But lord knows that I wanna grab the gat cock back Land a blow and watch heads roll, You was intelligent man, I watched you gravitate fans Shouted out where you been, people was all in a trance Then we stepped off stage, you say you killen em rock Then I say you killen em MJ, then you say lets put on for watts Your strenghth is OX, in a bed just layin with shots Laughin an jokin, meanwhile I'm goin through emotions You tell me, Jay rock you gotta keep goin when all daddys broke Your alblum about to drop, plus you cant be slackin bro Ya fo sho my nigga, I know that's a minor set back But you told me keep killin on me, it'll be alright Imma be back, no time bet that Then I got that phone call it was bad news at it's best and it hurt me That I lost my friend on this emotional musical journey [Verse 8 - Magnum PI] Hold it, roll up the swisher, light up n paint a picture, Only if painted different I woulda been right there wit ya, So instead of crying I rejoice n pore out some liquor, Henni straight, I mix it with lemonade, Feel like I should be ashamed, I had to look your moma dead in the face She told me errrthing was goin be ok You told me if anything you should be on your way home any day Soon as we all relaxin the phone rang, heard her sayin (I'm goin crazy) Its crazy I'm thinkin maybe just maybe I miss understandin what your lady was sayin Na na you can't be serious, stop your talkin delirious Got my mom on the phone you already know where his spirit went So I drink that hen till there no more left, right that wrong cuz it don't go left Right this song try not stress, gotta be strong yet fight to death As far as visions go that's that was last way that I saw EMJ on this emotional musical journey. [Chorus ] Come ride with me.. Is it sad to see still ride with me So join me.. let me share with this world as I live out the dreams We won't be gone for long! I promise you won't be alone! If you lose me frightened, words of this song, remember michael jones On this emotional musical journey...journey..journey.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Irv Da Phenom Album: Welcome to Strangeland Song: Road Rage Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro-Reversed] It's my lane you fly or you die mayne Deny that we hype don't even try mayne Rely on this guy to give you migraines Screamin' on you demons A.Y. Aim to fry thangs This is road rage, this is, this is road rage This is cold days, this is, this is cold days Never on your page, this forever flow stays This is road rage, this is, this is road rage As the stars start falling, But it fell all the way down under the underground There is where we create Strangeland (BOOM) You know what I'm saying right there [Tech N9ne] Get the fuck out of my way I don't be givin a fuck Never come into my lane Nigga, we choppin em up Here we'll be givin em pain And then we hit with a truck That is the name of the game When you be fuckin wit us Make a path for a nigga, you better be ready to get the cash for a nigga We break and we crush and we slash every nigga And if you think any better we gonna blast on a nigga I'm yellin on you because you ain't on my level You cannot beat me so you say that I'm a devil Can't nobody get me when the foot is on the pedal On this road I hella go I'm a rebel This my lane you fly or you die mayne Deny that we hype don't even try mayne Rely on this guy to give you migraines Screamin' on you demons A.Y. Aim to fry thangs This is road rage, this is, this is road rage This is cold days, this is, this is cold days Never on your page, this forever flow stays This is road rage, this is, this is road rage This is our lane nigga, stay in your own mothafuckin lane I'm sick of yellin on you motherfuckers Imma let my young nigga merc y'all ass [Irv Da Phenom] Un-fuck withable come get it, no? Some get it go when they trippin' on the tire smoke Cause you minimal and I'm a general Plus I'm finna blow and have you niggas runnin for survival I know, you probably thought that trash you spit was real hot Why don't, you hand the microphone to me and go get a real job Cause that ain't dope boy Somebody please tell this po' boy We ain't playin games no mo' boy We hoggin up the lane and goin insane for the dough boy Don't you eva eva come here no mo' boy Cause we don't play the wack shit We beast on every track that we be on Better wake up, you sleep on the elite homes Your flow's like a Prius, paint it pink with little flower decals Mine's like a mothafuckin monsta truck Finna ride and crush anybody on the street now Hop into your city and they ready to geek out You pick up the mic and they ready to leave out Meanwhile I'm back stage with a bad thick broad and Imma bout to bring her and the freak out Get out my lane (right) You ain't talkin about a thang unless it's about some change And I'm off the chain (right) Imma give it to ya broad and beat it out the frame And I ain't playin (right) And I got one thang I gotta bring to this game, it's Damon Wayans Damon Wayans? Yeah nigga that's major pain This is road rage, this is, this is road rage This is cold days, this is, this is cold days Never on your page, this forever flow stays This is road rage, this is, this is road rage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: Klusterfuk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I was born in November, 8th day, 1971st y'all 9 o'clock in the morning, a Christian girl in Kansas City gave birth y'all She taught the kid how to love, and give up praises to our maker 'til the Earth fall Then momma married a Muslim, and I was 12, and the transition was the worst y'all I converted to Islam, but every once in a while I'd read a Bible verse y'all How am I to refrain from eating pork and having Christmas when I thirst all All of this it was blended, many religions, plenty women down my shirt y'all At home no longer attended, when I was 17 I bounced like a Nerf ball Yeeeeahhhh~! Spit a bit quick My day, I slay, Pi Mai, trick don't get a bitch hit I'm masterin it, I'm flyin around with equipment Really big timin now I'm not fittin this bitch I'm ridin around and I'm grittin it To the people the people that want the evil I'm givin you that and a couple others to KLUS-TER-FUK of a brother which you discover to KRUSH-MUCKS-UP In the gutter cause I'm a thug and they TOUGH-JUST-STRUCK on you MUH'FUCKERS I'll be the BLOOD BROTHER givin you LOVE FROM a SLUG if you BUG on a NIGGA TUG on her trigger, no HUGS I'ma kiss her with GRUNGES and PLUG her with DRUGS when I give her DICK, fatherly, when I spit on these kiddies don't bother me In the brown and red dickies, mahogany Red all over me like I hit an artery Fuck all of these, hypocrites lick a dick just swallow me If you follow me and wanted to abolish me when I'm honestly, a straight oddity I'm just twisted, non-fictitious On this wicked, shit spit a bit quick Ready whenever machete will sever the head or be dead up in the lake or in the metal and big thick bricks Pucker up, suck this Butter Butter gutter slut If you wonder what is uttered this is KLUSTERFUK! Ever seen a nigga with hella followers and they love a nigga so much he be wantin to tell them to kill HA HA HA HA HAA~! And they will So ya better watch that, no this ain't a shock tactic Got that bit down to the grill Heheheheheheheeeeh, WAY REAL! I got the shit that get the crowd jumpin My shit a lotta thumpin silly just like a DRUNKEN MONKEYYYY Nigga we PUNKIN FLUNKIESSSS, killer we KRUNK N FUNKY Uhh... PUMPING CHUNKY Uhh... BOOTY BITCHES IN THE BUNK WITH A DONKEY AY! Crazy, I might be way in my psyche laid as a bright P.A. Playin, they wanna fight me They don't really like me, dig in the knife replay Yeah I'm good and a little bit of evil Inside of me they about equal Call it a bust when I'm all in a rut I'm a klusterfuk, nigga y'all is just FECAL, growin up low enough, musta sucked PEOPLE, call me what? Call me a, klusterfuk FECAL, growin up low enough, musta sucked PEOPLE, call me what? Call me a, klusterfuk [Uncredited Female] Talk about growin up fucked up~! I grew up with a mentally ill mother so it's no wonder that I'm, slightly askew Her fanatical religious views had me sittin in pews 8 days a week and because of that me and God didn't speak for a while Now I crack a smile when I'm asked my religious preference I utter a Tech N9ne reference replyin I'm a klusterfuk! I mixed up all the stuff that religion that had to offer Boiled it in my cauldron 'til the bullshit burned off it All that was left was love I can't say I always rise above the trivial shit in my life cause I don't Sometimes my ego won't allow me to walk away, if you know what I'm sayin I've done a lot of drugs, shit I've done a lot of thugs, but in the end As long as I'm aligned with love then I KNOW I'm livin righteous [Outro: Tech N9ne - repeat 4X] By a landslide my energy Will kill a man why try mimick me Cause the fans tied identically Love it when the fans buy my memories [third and fourth repeat - overlap with Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Mayday Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: Blur Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro]  Aaron, hello? Whassup bro?  Bro where you at? In my room  Oh, nigga I'm in my room! Yeah I just came in here bruh  Oh~! Anyway listen ay  Stevie San just called me Yeah  Said he wanna come on down here and party so Yeah  Remember I was tellin you about let's do these annuals Yeah the annual party?  My nigga let's go ahead and start the annual tonight I'm with it nigga, I'm with it  Aight, Abu Dhabi my nigga! Abu Dhabi my nigga it's about to be on, y'knahmsayin? Oh but make sure the bitches gon' be there right?  Oh 5-to-1 nigga, 5-to-1 All day! [Tech N9ne] Bad day with my bitches Negativity on my phone is ridiculous Limo shine up on the real Tech N9ne They talkin 'bout I'm the sickness Comin at that shit so vicious Get up out of my bed, I'm sick of feelin restricted Fans sayin I switched They can tell I was hurt by lookin at my Twit pic Got a call from Stevie, y'all know his steezie Said he's 'bout to come to K.C. and wanna have a lil' get-together, that's easy Got a little Cabo Wabo, some biz and Croc yo They wanna have it at my house is there room for Frizz and Picasso? Hell yeah, come on down, told Makzilla to be done on rounds We gotta get mo' liquor, spread the fun around We 'bout to kick it with family, put the gun on down Nigga, I ain't kicked it in eons This 'bout to be cooler than Freon Got another call from my homeboy in Denver, named Dion He just pulled into KC sayin he's double fisted with bottles I told him I was on liquor duty and Stone'Dem was on models All of my niggas ready for action When I woke, I don't remember this crashin I can try and tell you in the next verse but I don't really know what happened... [Chorus: Mayday] It's just a blur, blur, blur The whole thing's just a blur, blur, blur It's just a blur, blur, blur The whole thing's just a blur, blur, blur The whole thing's just a blur [Tech N9ne] Woke up, got sick, ain't nobody sleepin in my shit Looked in the mirror, that's fucked up because busted is my top lip Real busted, real puffy, like a nigga punched me the fuck out I don't smoke but my mouth taste like big weed like my nigga Yukmouth I think I remember two chicks, one thick another was a toothpick I think I was takin shots with 'em of Patrn I don't do this KC Teas, ghetto suds, talkin to the chick with ghetto butts She was trippin when another beautiful widow cut in front of her talkin to me and then I said "Oh, fuck!" Everybody keep sayin (breaker Jordan) But I don't remember even seein (breaker Jordan) But I heard if you really wanna please (breaker Jordan) Put one, two, maybe three and (breaker Jordan) Glimpses of a house full of bitches and dancin And some losin they pants and romancin each other and eating each other, and beating me brothers My publicist almost stuck a bitch cause she punched my nigga with her fuckin fist But he kicked her out, instead She got a line nigga some'n shoulda been said Then somehow when I touched her my lip hit her big head [Tech N9ne] Scenario, what happened? That nigga keep laughin Cause he made all the drinks potent, my lip is fucked I'm not jokin Said she was made of what hips 'bout, 5-1 hella pretty but Cripped out Said that she got a little cocky and called me a demon and I flipped out Said her body was bruise up and her earlobes had a few cuts I told him I don't hit women, it was not me, I don't do stuff Came downstairs, all my niggaz still sprawled out Then I saw empty bottles the makings of Caribou Lou (damn~!) Now there's a loose screw [Mayday] The night was going perfectly, all seemed well I woke up in the darkness dizzy, feelin like hell I don't feel like myself, oh no I've never ever felt this way before in so long - it's just a blur {*staticky hard to transcribe woman on answering machine wants purse*} {*she ends with "Thank you, bye"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: Can't Stand Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tech N9ne] The rapper you gotta have in your chatter You be gatherin data to mom and dad it's a matter Cause they latus fanatical for this bladick that's radical add a skill that brings avid adolescents to drag us Everywhere in they beat spot they be lovin the speech I teach, my beast, I eat, when records released by they favorite artists invaded they hearts The way that it started my latest day to pay it regardless Ever been to a Tech show? (I haven't, I haven't, I haven't) Then why you stoppin and poppin me out the deck for? Hear that I got the best flow (I haven't, I haven't, I haven't) Granny clever trippin with Elly and Jethro for listenin to my music they choose it, they use it as therapy there will be when I do this, they lose it Mom and daddy wanna ban me I'm loud like a wild banshee I'm rowdy and antsy maybe that's why they can't stand me For real~! [Chorus: Tech N9ne] These are people who can't stand me Your mamma, your daddy, your greasy-ass granny Who be callin me uncanny Your mamma, your daddy, your greasy-ass granny They tell ya -- I'm no good for you But you don't listen to me I'm the one you love But you people can't stand me [Tech N9ne] She love this rap kid as a stack getter But dad lit up when he saw that the kid was a black nigga And she's a whack bitch a big fat back with her and her mamma's mad see cause the last dick is from Africa That's why they always act shady, we splat babies right at Bradys That's maybe the worst for a white lady that's racy No longer matchmakey when the blacks attack whack they be watchin +The Mack+ lately Ever been with a black dude? (I haven't, I haven't, I haven't) You're probably thinkin we all weed and tattoos Ever thought white and blacks cool? (I haven't, I haven't, I haven't) That's cause you think your daughter's gettin her back bruised Your moms in your business, she's in your business Can't you see she wants you to keep us niggaz at a distance Separation existing, and here's code The story took place when I was sixteen years old, yo {*singer crooning in Spanish until the end, sounds kinda like Wyclef*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Aqualeo Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: Ugly Duckling Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tech N9ne] I'm this way cause I got up and got it when I was the oddest to demolish the hottest scholars with all of these Goddish products Call it way polished, I jot it, dot it, then they got it, brolic Stay modest, but brought it, psychotic thought is raw and sick But everybody didn't want to give a nigga time of the day or will I ever reach another when I'm in the grave I got to be different to keep up with the pay Say, say, say what you want about Nina The one who is wishing me comin up missin that one is a dreamer Calling me ugly I laugh, cause I'm rough as rugby and fast Industry's chubby and flab you look sick, pudgy and crap Now your chick want to hug me and smash I look lovely with cash instead of muggy and clash You act like we was buddies in class Got my painted face; ain't it great? Really illuminated, made it within a tainted space Better to bring it straight and gain it late than aim it fake Famous for my brain it's fate, that I strained and faint then became the great... Yates [Chorus: Tech N9ne] No love or nothin, just blood and suffering For the ugly duckling No love or nothin, just blood and suffering For the ugly duckling Trust me, trust me, nothing {*2X*} is worse than knowing you're beautiful but you're treated like an ugly duckling Trust me, trust me, nothing {*2X*} is worse than knowing you're beautiful but you're treated like an ugly duckling [Aqualeo - Acie L. High] Ever since I came out the womb and I was birthed to the planet It's like the Earth couldn't stand it, I was just worthless abandoned So I write verses and curses to try and cope with the damage citizens gave me, you {?} are going to feel my curses in Spanish I've been in verses then vanished, though not the first to be banished but ostracized cause I prophesized how the churches are scandalous See my words are just managed, perfectly perched on the canvas Painting a picture with scriptures with my fellow dirty from Kansas So I'm going to spit on the wax and rip on the tracks and spill out my pain Rather than give me a gat, empty the Mac, shatter and spill out my brains People are strange, verses be spinnin A diamond on top tryin to get all the change I have to devise me a plot but then gamble a lot so my stockin can get me some change See all the hate that they gave me it fueled my passionate speech Made me react on the track and start whoopin ass on the beat So since I'm rude I fire noses up like a flu off the grease Head in the sky hella flyin high like I'm blue off the sweet [Aqualeo - Priceless] It's my God damn time Go on 'head shine a light over here on the darkness What'cha thought? What we gon' play dead roll over and add up losses? Damn fools, now no man cool Politickin with the rules eat fools for the carcass Cause we back well seems that we leave And another leave a vegan no sausage But don't ride dick now And act like you like bums lit now Keep signin the killers and fat drug dealers Is you really the big shit now? (I took a big shit now) I gotta speak, these niggaz be weak Runnin 'round like they nuts cut loose Can't even shake a nigga hand, gotta dap a nigga up Fuck around and touch butt-fuck juice Mayday to the payday 'til they say we stay don't cut the noose Yeah it's off with the heads Niggaz off to the bed gettin head like Duck, Duck, Goose Ahh-OHH~! Technicians form a petition to never ever let it up on a rapper that sucks, and these industry fucks with the bucks that will make you turn small from a duck Crystal Meth, Cocaine, E-Pills with a little weed fill and a lot of free will And a couple refills to whenever we steal Won't see thrills like these steals on a steep hill That's some hot shit, that's our shit One more time, don't ride dick Shit, I got us creepin on your level Aqualeo, now that's speakin of the devil The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: Awkward Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Tech N9ne] Yeah Heh, I'm just gon' tell a couple stories, real quick Shit that I think is pretty awkward, y'knahmsayin? Check it out [Tech N9ne] Kickin' it up in Salt Lake City 'Bout to be doin a show in a boss state really Lovin a nigga I think it's because I'm becomin a killer forever the piece of my thoughts weigh gritty But one day someone say "Why does he gotta be closin? I am the one with the frozen flow and pockets bulgin" Fairgrounds, it was a explosion I told the promoter to hold up And I told him I came to rock, get the famous spot to the man that claim he hot 22,000 people saw me make the "Planet Rock" But when I was done nigga the show was done Right when he took the stage, everybody runs And the outcome was 300 folks at a show So I met the Shiloh, and it was AWKWARD! Situation is (absurd) Irregular and (awkward) Such a feelin is (not heard) In my circle when it's (awkward) Situation is (absurd) Irregular and (awkward) Such a feeling is (not heard, awkward) [Tech N9ne] Great sex, thanks Tech That's what she say I grab the latex off of me, and throw it away to be safe And I give her the getaway-look and I say softly "We gotta move, my bus is leaving" I guess that wasn't a good enough reason to have to go, I gave her a shirt Not my jersey, I know it hurts And then I heard call somebody sayin Come and get me, grab the gun that's with me That's a no-no; you came and you leavin solo, keep it dolo Makin the walk of shame then I let her out the front I was in the crunch when the person standin at the door said I'm her husband man we love you and this is what she really wants [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Tech N9ne] I ain't even gonna rap this verse I just gotta tell y'all this story cause it's funny as hell to me Y'knahmsayin? We're shootin the uhh, "Am I Psycho" video down in Atlanta, somewhere outside Atlanta It was cold as hell, it was dark, y'knahmshizzlayin and we only had like one trailer for everybody It's just me, B.o.B and his people, my people y'knahmsizzlayin Aqualeo, Satin Starr, they people, y'knahmsizzlin Hopsin's people, the uhh, the make-up lady The people that are in the video, y'knahmsayin We all in there drinking y'knahmsizzlin I'm in the back all the time cause I'm, like reclusive kinda Y'knahmsayin so, B.o.B comes in the back, and he say to me He say "Ayy man uh, you fuck with them tools?" I said "Tools?" He said "Yeah you fuck with them tools?" and he did his hand like, like a gun thing, I said "I mean, I ain't got no tool here, if that's what you as..." He said "Nah I thought I saw some tools back here" I said "Hell naw nigga~! Ain't no tools back here man" "Nigga I got God with me nigga, and angels around me" and we start laughin, and he's like "Nah, nah! Cause I go out to the gun range" And I be like "Oh that's cool man but nah we good right here man" "We ain't got no guns down here" and we's laughin And when he's leavin out I said "Ay nigga it's all Jesus my brother!" HA HA HA HA, nigga talkin about tools y'knahmsayin? Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Klusterfuk EP Song: D.K.N.Y. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Tech N9ne] A young lady was talking to me the other day Asked me if I heard a new song called "B.O.B." "Battery Operated Boyfriend" And when I think about it from as far back as I can think almost every woman I can remember had one But I ain't the kinda nigga that just take that lightly like "Oh that's nothing, that's normal for a woman to have a dildo" My mind goes to "Why does she need it? Cause we absent" Then I ask myself "Why are we absent?" Then I think about us bein taken into slavery where learning to read was forbidden Can't read, won't have a proper education No proper education, can't get a proper job Don't have a proper job, don't have money to live and eat Gotta eat to live so you do the only other thing you know that'll definitely put food on the table hustle dope on the streets Hustle dope, might have to kill another nigga Kill somebody, go to the feds Go to the Feds for ever ever ever get to sleepin with them boys Do that might contract AIDS Get out give that to your woman She give it to the next nigga You and that nigga start funkin One of the niggaz kill the other then it's the same cycle all over again We absent, dead or in jail Naw~! I ain't that kinda nigga [Tech N9ne] I am not the cryin bitch, I get up out to try and grit Put my thoughts on tape I sell it then I'ma get to buyin shit Made it up out the lion's pit, no fuckin the N9ne this is some high and mighty spit I'm rhymin in the year the Mayans writ Destruction, introductions to new fuck men Working for the government snuffs and lust they trust in I was in the Gulf when us had a post reduction But for the soldiers stuffed in dust we gotta turn up the cups then And party with they families, we kickin it to anarchy We granted these insanities the kid would get humanity Vanishing is who standing in vanity Damn it B-L-double-O-D you scammed that T You die under your canopy I don't, trip, off what another nigga do And I don't, lip, off to another nigga's crew If I ain't got a trigger too, I'm tryin to live a few They say, do yo' thang you different kinda nigga YOU [Chorus 2X: Tech N9ne] Close to my range and, far from a jiggaboo (they say) Do yo' thang, you different kinda nigga you Over came the shit that they be givin you, Do yo' thang, you different kinda nigga you [Krizz Kaliko] I'm a different, B-R-double-E-D And I live it, see the people lovin on me And I give it, my heart away includin the arteries I don't be horrible like me if you ain't water soluble I do's it~! how you gon' change the game if you ain't got game changin music? (Uh-uh!) And I lose it whenever niggaz ain't the same and they plain Jane and April Fools it I beastly slipped 'til like my sides is greasy 'til the industry on the eyes it ain't so easy Lookin at me like a leopard, now they lovin the Keffer Lookin like I'll never make it, lookin like Salt-N-Pepa Why my music so Sebastian Bach; when the world ain't thinkin like I'm thinkin better DUMMY IT UP 'fore the cash is stopped I gotta smash it, a Asher Roth that'll shake the spot There's only so much time in this song, and I gots to say a lot! (Okay) Tryin to get paper 'fore the paper stop I'll make a plot to make my bank account look like Vegas minus the bacon twat It's effortless for me to pepper it with cleverness But they just gimme a glimpse of the pimps who they be steppin in Got 'em guessin what I'm gonna (do) Never change my lyrics (to) Be jeffin with you jigga (boo) Different, Kinda, Nigga, You ... STRANGE!! {Music} Artist: Tech N9ne Album: E.B.A.H. Song: E.B.A.H. Landing (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics EBAH! Artist: Tech N9ne Album: E.B.A.H. EP Song: E.B.A.H. Typed by: whoridinbigballin@yahoo.com I'm hella mixed up, yes, I know A lot of good and bad stuff as I grow So now that I gotta live life when I'm both all I can say [Hook - Tech] What's my name? EBAH! Evil brain, angel heart Evil brain, angel heart Evil brain, angel heart Evil brain, angel heart! [Verse 1 - Tech] Fucking right, I'm a maniac and I'm loving it Call me anything but my motherfucking government I can love a bit, no, a big my love'll get But in my brain I stay insane and I'm always on some other shit! Really wanna fuck a bitch, E.B. can't get enough of this See me take what I stuck her with then I gotta run and give it to another chick Gutter trick, suck a dick! State the texture of a brick Making them Magnum rubbers split, what a prick, the brother's sick! Now back to my love, like to go there Even when it's annoying like long nose hair I can so share my heart in the cold air And it's no fair, the size of it is so rare Bloody murder, muddy word of wretched death rhymes Take me light and my darkness will take your breath time Call me Socrates or you can call me Tech N9ne But since I found my new sinister out of respect I'm [Hook - Tech] [Verse 2 - Tech] Liberate me, Lord I'm an angel and on this wicked planet nobody understands my angle is love I was sent from above, but I've landed in blood Psycho bandit, I've become a frightful damage and scud Missile your mentals are misinformed and mixed in the middle of my menace Murderers, Michael Myers' my mimick Mom, you made a monster, I'm making minions in minutes Money motivated mishap, as moody as Monica's mendage Feel like I'm on Molly, heart as big as my body When a hottie gets naughty, it's racing like a Ferrari My obese heart swelling when it beats hard, telling me To freak, not willing, like a beast, I'm yelling Bloody murder, muddy word of wretched death rhymes Take me light and my darkness will take your breath time Call me Socrates or you can call me Tech N9ne But since I found my new sinister out of respect I'm [Hook - Tech] [Verse 3 - Tech] My heart, smell like, vanilla icing If slicing my chest open, a light beam of nice things Of Christ brings bright wings, placement from thy king Knight, seems right around the corner in my dreams Horse shit, piss and human puke is this smell To whom ever wondered my level, this is hell Inside my crown I kill a gangster with fecies pig tail And I'll live 137 years like Ishmael Yeah.. Nigga, it ain't misspelled E.B.A.H, there go creepy A. Yates Using women as a bait, and they face, fishscale! Just another nut, of the other sock Sweet as a buttercup and fake as a rubber duck Evil brain, angel heart, yes, I utter much And I never cover up, why? (I'm a Klusterfuk) [Hook - Tech] Artist: Tech N9ne Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Earregular Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] The Great Omnipotent Doc Strange is my name! Six-six-triple-eight-four-six-nine-nine-three Never don't try find me Why? Why? Cause I'm lost in the clouds N9ne? Earregular boss in the house [Verse 1] I don't hear what you hear, nigga Because I hear different you label me a wierd nigga I like that, and I like mixing dark and some clear liquor For the night cap, although we ain't the same I cheers with ya Then I'm right back, listning to Doors records While I get groupie whores naked If it's a blood and gore message, in a movie I'll sure catch it My brain's a vorplex it, got many levels, your message Make a nigga want to ignore that shit, y'all pissy poor, that's it Intricate bred I'm a bit, pompous, if I want it, that I'mma get While you're mad at your bitch Cause you know she at the back of the bus kissing the tat on my dick You gotta be sick, then I had her, thick anatomy, hit with the flattery tricks Stagger these raggety battery pricks Snake and bat ain't average, that'll be quits On one, two, three, my nigga! Doing four much with five, I be, my nigga! Six thousand and seven hundred degrees, my river! Ate a earregular mind state, but it fried N9ne's liver, huh?! [Chorus x2] Earregular, we're nebula Dear secular listeners, we're here next to ya Giving you fear messed with original weird stress for ya Peer pressure, the ignorant near deaf niggas! [Verse 2] I know that my style is diff'rent! Meanwhile I get frowns and lips bent He better know, we let it go, flee, never throw, glee at a ho, see that a pro Will make the sounds breaking down the distance I get my psyche blown, when I sit and write these songs Then I fuck with my Nikes on: "Plop, plop, plop, plop!" To the women it might be wrong, cause in the middle of the night he gone And the wife of the night she's home: "Stop, stop, stop, stop!" So many sicknesses that I get medicine, I get it up off a nigga But it can never disappear, I know many get with this But it's a couple of really stupid individuals looking for the N9na fate Cause I innovate, and I be the Yates, they can disintegrate Guess my sin it begins with the number before ten And being a clown, always been and raised! When I rhyme my design isn't mindless You can find Tech, flowing up the divine stretch Never spineless, spider K's a rhyme vet And we ain't the only earregular since I got Stevie, Mayday and I signed Ces [Chorus x2] Earregular, we're nebula Dear secular listeners, we're here next to ya Giving you fear messed with original weird stress for ya Peer pressure, the ignorant near deaf niggas! [Verse 3] Y'all motherfuckers stuck on stupid (Duh!) I tried to slow it, but my flow's no lucid, thing I gotta be clever to do "This Ring" You can feel it if you 67 or you 15 ("Aggin!") Yeah, that's "nigga" backwards, Tech N9ne be that spitter master With a Cris, with her mugs, and I'm with a grasher Let a chick on the bus and I'm finna smash her Could have been a bastard Swimming in cash and the laughter, I'mma sinner faster Better get a pastor [Chorus x2] Earregular, we're nebula Dear secular listeners, we're here next to ya Giving you fear messed with original weird stress for ya Peer pressure, the ignorant near deaf niggas! Artist: Tech N9ne Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Don't Tweet This Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Hello ladies, here's the deal: Welcome to Tech N9ne's tour bus Before you get on this bus there's a couple rules you need to follow: Leave all your cell phones with me There will be no Tweeting, no Facebooking No playing the PlayStation, no Instagram, no YouTubing Whatever happens on this bus, stays on this bus [Verse 1] Wassup? It's me, Caribou Lou again (Tech N9ne!) Kansas City, fuckin' hooligan If you think you cool and true Then doing the fool my friend You'll begin boozing and choosing women that we do and do again Only if they holders of secrets they crossing over The beaches and often go, where we eating we rock n rollers Deep in the thoughts we go, but no Tweetin she lost her mobile And geekin because we showed her, freakin' across the globe In the weekend we off in Boulder, Colorado All my soldiers got a bottle And some hoes with a wobble from sticky dough's you hella bobble Head bitches they model And let's kick it Colorado's A red district full of brothels And med fixes Yo, we gotta hide, just see, we get no privacy Why, would she ride, with me Tweet, and straight lie to me? I don't know (what?) Who, she sleeps with But, all I know is: Don't you tweet this [Chorus: x2] Do what I told you, I told you, I told you (Don't tweet this!) [Verse 2] Baby I would hate to Kick it and then erase ya Cause you wanna go to One of those social networks And go state the Facts about my nature I gave to see you later (Oooooh) this bitch is shakin the table Pissed at me cause you wished it be Listed with a Twit Pic sick at me When ya missed it you scripted me When I gotta move invisibly You violate it, you fly away it Simple cause I am stealth Then formulate it, we tried to made it Keep it to your damn self Get our nudie on, quiet, we can truly bone And I'll be pushing all yo buttons like movie phone Act like you belong, creeping in my groovy home Drinkin Bou-Lou we go all my groupies owned Way of life, keep it neat trick If you and the beast mix, you don't see shit And you will get the least bit of resistance We pick who we see fit, but yo (Don't Tweet This) [Verse 3] Yeah, it is what it is baby No I don't want a lot of is in my biz lady Crazy Daily Thizz at my crib, save me Dippin get me to drop some jizz on ya lid maybe We in Canada partying like some animals Even my tour manager know that Tweetin will vanish ya Tweet the day I go and say my party wasn't amateur Granted the lost camera was planted in tall canisters Keys, you will receive, right when you leave Please, drop to ya knees, ya cannot leave, not a thing Put away ya phone, Yahtzee! And don't be flickin like the fuckin paparazzi We livin covert, Flava Flav know! We let you see what we want to, and when we say so (Monitor!) Her Tweetin gossip is really out of her That's why, I think I don't have that many followers! [Chorus x2] Artist: Tech N9ne f/ 816 Boyz Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Rock Yo Head Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Let's drink 'till the liqour gone Don't think, get the swisha blown So when a stink trick hit yo phone Say, "Bitch, lemme get my kick it on!" Rock yo Head, to the beats, yeah Everybody rockin, understand what I said Rock yo Head, Rock yo Head Stop my bread I'm a rock yo head! Nigga Rock yo Head, Rock yo Head Rock yo Head, I'm a Rock yo Head Rock yo Head, Rock yo Head Stop my bread I'm a Rock yo Head [Verse 1] [Tech N9ne] Jordan on my tennis shoe Organ yellin 'Gimmie you! ' Scorin' the foriegn chick Got her whorin in her Jimmy Choo Pour until my Henny through Your men weak as Winnie Pooh Ignorin' [?] chicks not Affordin niggas any-who [Kutt Kalhoun] Kutty got the thing on lock like Yoda Middle of the floor With your girl bent over Two cups, Two bottles Left hand on my logo Right hand on my stick Twitt' pic for the photo Makzilla [Makzilla] I got the g-uh-irls All around the w-uh-orld Why's that? Cause I'm makin toes c-uh-url When I beat it they say I really need it I spit game like my name's E-E-E-Earl [Krizz Kaliko] I'm gonna be Kali Baby until they come'n get me 816, that's what's wrong with me Tryin' to see how much money this song gon' get me I said Rock yo Head, gon' Rock Rock with me [Verse 2] [Makzilla] Goodah Goodah Scratch Scratch Dome Don't mess with it Fuck what I'm sayin Then invest with' the vest with' it Shout-out to Dj Khalid when we screamin We the Best with it, Hit em with the lyrical Skill like I'm possesed with the Ces in it [Krizz Kaliko] If you get it, that mean you said somethin you regretted But if you get beheaded, then you never should have said it This is head bangers ball, break your neck to this, rock until yo spine Outta socket shake it like a pocket rocket Okay! [Tech N9ne] Tech is spray When the re-uh-record play Make me really wanna catch a Fade, [?], if we saturate That brigade, that is retro-blade You just afraid, Tech of what Your nigga 'bout to pay [Kutt Kalhoun] Never say we didn't give em [?] Out of drama, then his momma gonna be fake on his betta days 2Pac re-incarnated, this aided the [?] Went to Mary, said 'Make em straight wish he'd of fled away' [Verse 3] [Makzilla] Bringin this dope But I brought no feds I don't mess with phony niggas That got no cred's Yeah [Krizz Kaliko] On this album there be alot more sin, like Don't be fuckin around with white loafs' bread [Kutt Kalhoun] You can find me up in the spot so red And if you dis-respect me you gettin shot so dead [Tech N9ne] I'm gonna be chillin at the top No meds, Like Reggie Denny I'm a Rock Yo Head! [Outro: Krizz Kaliko] 816 Boyz! Ain't we sick boy! Well, ain't we? Quick to get your girls panties! Hoes! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Shabba Ranks Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Boy Toy Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yo krizz? Hm? I really knocked the boots in those two big butt females last night Yeeesh! Yeah man I'm on my way too westport to find two more freaks Woooooord I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you I already, I already with your friends Now I wanna play with you Boy toy, boy boy boy toy I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you Boy toy, boy boy boy toy I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you I should not be one you take too moms Unless your moms talks the face the bomb I don't wanna know if you have some grey pupan Just great punan and a laid coupon I'm excited for you to find me invited I'll get your hiny ignited I'll get you slimy and slided, inside I might even bite it I can get mighty and violent Baby why even fight it you and your girl haides invited To come right over in your PJ's The day with your B.F. was not easy So you're telling your girls the game we play Called I'm in love with your VJ Sign me up so get behind the but All you gotta have is T.N.A to whine me up All creeds even louds beauty's needing the coy coy Ozy women oy oy they're lovin this boy toy I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you I already, I already with your friends Now I wanna play with you Boy toy, boy boy boy toy I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you Boy toy, boy boy boy toy I already play with your friends Now I wanna play with you Turn me on I'mma let the black mamba loose Really sexy ladies meet my anaconda swoop Women wonder whose got the long masseuse Pop my stick in your mouth and its as sweet as jumba juice Real hard it will barge in too a ladys nani will card teeny boppers That get the spill guard, hills stars for women standing amity ville Yard this fantasy now real time with Bill MARKS Time is ticking come find this dickin be mine for stickin I love it when I find she lickin on me Grind and twitchin design for pitchin the line for missin I dug it I'll be hind the thicky homie Don't rate I'm horny and don't hate on any permanent situation Yeah God I don't date but I'm gone mate and my power stay on late And the best thing about this boy toy is I don't break B O Y T O Y me so fly, wanna play with me She know why she's gone buy the bone guy 'cause I display the d And nothing else I'm good for your fucking health You're looking for love and help And sick of just rubbin self I got you, I don't fake with this boy toy shit If you wanna play just hit me up and kiss my joy stick Mhm I love it You love what? That What about me? Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Kjomd Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] What? Kjomd baby What's kjomd? This right here [Hook: Krizz Kaliko] I'm kinda jealous of my dick sometimes Cause it's always on their mind I'm kinda jealous of my dick sometimes for sure Cause they seem to love you more I'm kinda jealous of my dick you know but it gets me what I need baby I'm kinda jealous of my dick for sure cause they seem love you more than me baby [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] You ever been in a predicament when you and your lady are fussin' and cussin' and she don't wanna deal with you but you pull out your dick and get to stickin' her and all of a sudden wanna chill and have a meal with you That's crazy right? She ain't even got a feel for you all she want is the pecker to fetch her my telly wacker to break her back and no chatter when she mad at you no matter what kinda ill you do My dick get all the love So many women got jaws for blood they even give drawers they kissin' balls but no kiss at all for mug (hahh) I no my breath don't stink any more neglect and my chest go sink baby I want love and a kiss thang it's pain but I'm sayin' I'm kinda jealous of my dick man [Hook] [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I can already see the call they don't wanna be with me at all they just wanna do D to balls I shouldn't a ever let it be free to ya'll Cause my heart be hurtin' but my private part be squrtin' I don't even get a touch it in spurts whenever I'm lookin' for love and sex be certain I even have a lot sayin' I ain't givin' you none but I can suck you off Damn! I don't think I would ever cut you off cause look at the crazy amount of nuts you lost but the all wanna bone me they don't want to get to know me they wanna dome me but I'm hungry for lovin' I never get because of my dick bitch I'm lonely [Hook] [Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko] Kali Baby! It gets me in to problems and it gets me out Gets me into arguments and don't even know what it's about Call hime the Black n' Decker pecker he's a home wrecker drops 'em to they knees and he's a little chin checker See it's either him or me lately we becoming enemies only likely when I'm in between them and they say they love me when I'm in the V I try to tell them get out and then they spit out and they scream my ding-a-ling they can't live without abusein' my unit just wish they love me more then my middle [Outro: Krizz Kaliko] I said you love me but I hate you Fo' Sho' You can't see me but I've watched you kinda women that you love them hoes if there's a way to stop I don't know Kind of jealous (I'm kinda jealous of my dick you know) it's crazy crazy crazy I'm kind of jealous (I'm kinda jealous of my dick for sure) My johnson my unit my peter my trunk my everything wrong I'm kinsa jealous Kinda jealous of my dick sometimes Yeah... Artist: Tech N9ne f/ J.L. Album: E.B.A.H. Song: A Real 1 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] You should be accountable for the sins You commit when behind the computer [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I don't see why these mothafuckas don't get it, I'm livid When a youngster trying to punk ya, like he wanna thump ya But it's somethin he twitted Tweeted, when the F.U.N. come ya done agreed it Get a lump some you gonna need it When I'm heated You don't wanna go to war with a thug who succeeded I'm not, the bigger person in person this music grind stops When niggas first in the cursin' You're choosin' N9ne's block 57 jerkin' your curtain Missouri crime dot Both workin' turfs I be lurkin'! In case ya be, in a bit of hate and you wake And become an enemy the date should be late With the brotha's memory, the Yates, nobody's safe, it's how it's finna be You said that your gonna rape my daughters then cut their arteries? Would a father be honored? We'd be slobbering to cut your water streams! Nigga, so while you hidin behind yo' tweets I be findin out yo' street Cause all that flyin out yo' beak, nigga I'm a real one, rhyme without no beat Say "Fuck N9ne!" and I'll go weak, you just lyin out yo' teeth nigga! [Hook: Krizz Kaliko] I can only take so much Why don't you think if you threaten me then I'll bust It'd be different if you stepped to me then get touched I get a little bitter, we be beefin' on Twitter, I'm bigger A REAL one Ain't nobody illa, don't make me call on my guerillas Cause what ya say might leak through Watch what you say when you speak to A REAL ONE! And ain't nobody realer If I'm hurtin then you can feel a nigga, who's inside out Think about We'll be comin at ya' mouth If ya doubt, I'm a Real one [Verse 2: JL B. Hood] As real as they come Been me since day one Good heart in my chest, good smoke in my lungs Good head on my shoulders Stand in front of my soldiers Never let anyone hold us Think back when a wiseman told us That "Life ain't about the destination, it's the journey, " Fulfill one mission, get a new vision, this envision burning Maintain determined, distinguish gentlemen with a regular person Energy over my veins, got my things hangin' I'm turnin' Run with a Strange gang and I'm certain They get things changed in that verdict Lifted, DIBKIS nigga hundred percent Of it all real if he comin at me sideways thinkin' that I will not kill, you trippin' Been like that ain't, nothin' different In a position throne like I'm sittin' Can't get pissed with consistent dissin' Fuck that, where they do that at, you gonna see a nigga act unchristian I'm unstable, just ask Krizz then When I flip, so it get to sic'n Niggas ain't takin' food up outta my kitchen I'm aiming at you, cowards Don't stand in the way of ours That's word to Jesse Deuce Howard [Hook] [Verse 3: JL B. Hood] Extensive time on these lines Obsessive with mine, and I rhyme Express what I find, when I'm tryna access my mind I'm here with Tech, Tech, Tech N9NE! If that upsets you then fine Too sensitive, busy cryin, nigga bout' to get left behind Expensive wine on the table In the atmosphere of a winner Celebratin' that I'm drinkin' like fuck it I'm on a bender Havin' the time of my life hope I sober up and remember Keep it all Strange, brody, and it's only gonna get bigger [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] Animosity we don't need it But the botchery in your tweet it Really bothered me cause your seated Hella far from me or delete it But it's irkin' me cause you said it Wasn't givin' a fuck when you read it If all of you mothafuckas was accountable for givin the negative All of it would be debted, dead So watch that evil shit you spread I'm a real one so I feel some hurtin' pain then I go shed Yeah, so don't back off when I respond And take yo cap off when I go Nam' So when you jackoff I'm on yo lawn, mothafucka! [Hook] [Outro: Tech N9ne] I'm a real guy. Just cause you made me a star, don't make me a bigger person. When you say somethin disrespectful to me, I'm gonna react in the same way that a regular person would act on the street. It don't matter If your buyin my records or whatever, I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck... I got feelings too Artist: Tech N9ne Album: E.B.A.H. Song: Shut the Fuck Up (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics Shut The Fuck Up! Strange Music Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: News With Mark Alford 1 (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Mark Alford] I'm Mark Alford with breaking news this hour out of Pleasant Hill, Missouri, where we're getting reports of a meteorite hitting today in an open field there. Now the impact can be felt as far away as downtown Kansas City with tremors felt in high rise office buildings. The eyewitness reports are just now coming into the news room. NOAA, or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, does have an office there in Pleasant Hill. Residents of Pleasant Hill definitely heard and felt the strike and now they wanna know: how could this happen? On what would normally be a bright and sunny day here in Kansas City, a fog of some sort is now starting to roll north from pleasant hill through Lee Summit, and now approaching the downtown loop. We're getting a good view of it now from our tower cam if you can check it out. In fact, I've never seen anything like this before, it's eerie. Something- something like you'd see in the dust bowl days. Except, it's not dust, it's a mist of some kind. The skies have turned burgundy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Serj Tankian Album: Something Else Song: Straight Out the Gate Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Pledge: Women] Together we are A powerful force As one, mind, body and soul Let no evil enter nor attempt to reduce because of the beliefs we hold And with this love, combined with our strength We ward off pain and stress Technician I am, whole heartidely, in life and in death [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Okay I get it I'm an nympho and freak of nature But the pen is gonna heat the paper With a problem in a incubator Mom and dad was a creature maker I Never need the shaker the beef from table The teacher later Now your the beast of waitner I don't think the streets are safer! My misery seepin' through my delivery Bitter we givers and they keep my figures don't try to Nigga me The grave digger is neither he is no kidder see Consider the dark energy, sinner her be inner me! Black diamonds all around clawin all, they're down Definites who saw the clown And now steppin' with that tall amount of big tech and shit Aah-ooh! 3 times My people they know what that defines, (Aah-ooh, Aah-Ooh, Aah Ooh!) When the people are lovin' and that's T-9 He run and really make a pee line They bout to hate Make out the great They bout to break If they don't pay off the cake Stay out my face You don't want me to lay out the fate Flip the sick or plain out relate Damned and incredible straight out the gate! [Chorus: Serj Tankian] We are the darkness but we're leaving We are the gods that are deceiving We are the painters of blind face Coming straight out the gate We are the children of your rifles Holding guns while reading bibles We are the painters of blind face Coming straight out the gate [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] You see the face of Ebah on Tech Nina Evil Brain Angel Heart I remain in the dark and anointed With holy they console me when they know we saying Got a hold of me, why they let go of me? I'm double jointed I'm wicked and I represent the sickness All you fraudulents feeling I'm falling offending the father I place you in the deepest darkest part of abyss Nobody but you without any food and no agua I blacken the sun on you bitches Sack in the dungeons and ditches Yappin is one of your glitches Halt it The Kraken has come with the quickness Baggin I'm plundering chicks And laughing you dummies trip when I'm Exalted Tech N9ne Fuck the industry independence We enemies to them and he That's blind The champ is here The vamp is near Huntin' you heathens, hella hungry and I'm amped this year [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] I am the public enemy #1 Fuck your fame I became the name of the gun Now they parents to Aaron Because they sons and daughters wanna be martyrs Believe in the art ain't it young All I got is my balls and rap I'm appalled that y'all want me to fall callin craps Suckers hate it now they crawlin' back Cause I'm tall as Shaq And I'm always up for brawlin' bats Strange music saved my life I was fuckin' it then the music became my wife Nobody on the planet contained my mic Call me crazy, don't matter fucking insane I like! [Bridge: Tech N9ne] When the sun's beam melts Everyone screams help Then only one king's felt when telling all survivors Welcome to Something Else! And I say Kansas City Will always stay Kansas City Ya! This is Something Else baby! Let's Go! [Outro: Tech N9ne] I ain't knockin no more I'm breakin' in! Artist: Tech N9ne f/ T-Pain Album: Something Else Song: B.I.T.C.H. Typed by: AZ Lyrics No, you ain't supposed to put on your devil suit When you come up in the church, young mayne Now they ain't about to think you a rebel You 'bout to make them think you birthed from flames La la la-di-da-da, wanna be on TV just to show out for mi mama But breakin' into colored houses, admit That it's a bitch when you sick like this [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Puttin' all the face paint I can put on Put my black jeans and black hood on That's your TV I just stood on With a faded habit this brother swerves when I sip vodka I'm the latest rabbit, in other words; I'm a hip-hopper You disc jockers never played me, you said my shit stopped ya 2001, I mixed opera now every cliques' got the Sick caca with lots of rippin' about they chips, oughta Listen to this quick chopper flippin' and poppin' With the spirit of Pac and Big Poppa! Ya! This for your motherfuckin' rap quotes My shit is surprisin' and shockin' like Barack votes The traps broke when I rapped with Tunechi and Stacks though OG Mug said I'm gonna be the first rapper to cross over to black folk [Pre-Chorus: Tech N9ne] Ya, I'm breakin' into colored houses Polo boots and hella dark-colored outfits Ya, I'm breakin' into colored houses Fellas better put a chastity belt on your spouses [Chorus: T-Pain] Man, it must suck to be you niggas Cause it don't suck to be this rich If you not fuckin' with me, brethren You can suck upon this dick Man I just get it how we get it where I live Somebody better call 911 (Call 911) I'm breakin' in these niggas cribs! Yeah, we out here workin' One things fo' sho', two things for certain I'm for real! That's how I live Somebody better call 911 (Call 911) I'm breakin' in these niggas cribs! [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Since 2001 my people dodged me like Durango Now at my shows I see more N-words than Django (From Missouri) like Nelly, Chingy, and Chain Hang Low But Kansas City somewhere over the rainbow I'm in yo' house baby, I'm in yo' living room Lookin' down yo' blouse lady, and everybody is in tune To Tech Ninna, sex fiend a threat to his and whom They got a beautiful woman and givin' poon They want it cause I'm bout to be big and BOOM Breakin' into colored houses is hard, mane Cause everybody got guns And they got dogs And they got bars mane But I'm comin' thru that TV All the ghetto is gon' see me Sippin' the KC Tea Now you know Tech N9ne now everybody want a freebie! [Pre-Chorus] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] My people missin me, like Diana Ross No this ain't MMG, but I'm A Boss Although I'm wicked see, I'm fly and I floss So why am I lost Like my jam is off Yes you a day late Better late than never I'm a veteran My cheddar been truly silly like Stevie J face Every last one of these evil haters they see me vacate Tip to the crib, turn on the television and see my face like, "Hey wait." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Scoob, Red Cafe, Trae Tha Truth Album: Something Else Song: With the BS Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] It's late in the headquarters, 2014 Everyday is a struggle We dread the day and pray we make it through the night Anything turn up we with it So I buzz cut my hair Put on my please-come-trip-with-me suit Lace my boots tight and what Ahhwoo ahhwoo ahhwoo Turn up, turn up [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Hard times living in this bad land of mine Everybody on vanilla skys by design A lot of my brothers are buried, a lot of 'em in there prime So take my chopper and stick it where the sun don't shine Ahhh - please don't make me make you say that Tripping cause momma ain't really happy where she stay at I can't afford to move her away until I pay that IRS a new Maybach, I'm tripping don't come my way, Jack Son needs a way through college Daughter too, harder, you gotta pay for true knowledge Surised when a guy get layed off Everything ain't payed off enterprise Beam up, I'm finna die, and a lie, clamanime minimize I'mm kinda tripping in my go clothes Step up malicious and 10, I'm throwing boat loads To my soul goes The average person they hurting cause for certain everybody's dolo [Chorus x2: Big Scoob] I'm with the bullshit tonight If they tripping I ain't tryna do right, uh, uh I'm with the bullshit tonight Let it loose on every devil in sight, turn up [Verse 2: Trae Tha Truth] Yeah, tell 'em I'm tripping, I'm at war with these devils Dumped that bitch in the gutter, make 'em get on my level I give a fuck about nothing the way I'm strapped with this metal I was tripping in the back of a truck that I done packed with these shovels I don't want no problems, just want you to leave me the fuck alone Before I end up inside of a cell and have a neighborhood inside of your home My money be funny just laughin at niggas And the hoes they got keep asking them niggas How I'm crashing them niggas while I'm passing them niggas Well, take your seat and fasten them niggas Before I dispose the trash of them niggas, go to smashing them niggas I'm on that bullshit, ain't nobody finna pull shit D got my wrists rolls-es balling, I'm on some bullshit Pay attention They don't get any realer, hey there killer, about that drama Terroristic, risk getting [?] Osama If I don't get you The Boss [?] with that llama Bitch this is what we do, believe it, downing niggas' mama's [Verse 3: Red Cafe] Cocaine on my mind, my table, I'm out of line Doing lines open wide, nigga suicide Blood in my vein, hella drugs in my vein Rap with the strap, keep the thugs entertained All my foes I leave critical, they pitiful I'm a 5 star general, East side cannibal West side salute it, all these kids my students Class still in session, the shooters I just recruited Turn up - look I came to bust a motherfuckin head Got some wild knucklehead killers bucking lead I came from the bottom, now I'm on the roof I'm big-headed so the coupe never had a roof Thug life, got that 2Pac up in my boombox Gassing on these pussies, no brakes, they pray I do stop We all with the bullshit and I'm the boss When I holla shake down we gonna set it off [Verse 4: Big Scoob] So with it, if you want it then you gonna get it So terrific with this bullshit, the best that did it The best to give it, get me livid then I'm diving in it These pussies talk it, they don't walk it, they ain't never did it Aim and bust then I bust then I bust and bust Blood gush in the rush from the school crushed Scarce thoughts being bought from these wars fought Real talk, I'm a validated warhawk History, this ain't shit to me, let's get it, V Click the heat, no defeat, I need victory It's meant to be what these villain niggas bent to be Tendecies, stick this story, fuck the enemy Snapping and losing it fast - Ruger, extended the mag Fuck it, they wearing no mask - jump out and dumping the brass Crushing, concussion these fast - a movie where Scoobie get mad Jesus ain't helping your ass - leaving inside of a bag I'm with the bullshit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi, Tyler Lyon Album: Something Else Song: Love 2 Dislike Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Liz Suwandi] I am your fool Loving you, I shouldn't You take me, chain me I have nothing anymore [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] You want a regular dude, but you think that I'm what you need? You gonna get in your mood when I bitch in every text you read So I think I'm gonna let you breed, but I'm the enemy that set you free I gotta let you know what gets to me, running out like a refugee You complaining when I see you, that I never have time That I'm busy like a beaver Gotta face when I feed ya, really need hennesy That be my fucking reliever Why you wanna stand and cry the most All you think I'll get up for you to try the coat Then knot the ho, really wanna tie the ropes And buy the [?], And hang Nina by the throat You must really like my imperfections Cause you stay on dismay, temper detections And that's nightly, too much messing with my psyche That enough hurts, but you fight me So you must like to dislike me [Chorus 1: Tyler Lyon] What did you ever see in me? Was I only needed be? I'm running away from your judgement Don't you try to find me I won't let you change me anyway, anyway [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Yo, I'm feeling stoned now Sick of having those breakdowns, they gone now It's on now, I've grown foul, It's wrong how we've shown clouds You keep your tone out of my dome gal I'm sick of this shit Of the picking and? I'm mad as hell Cause I wanna be back when we had it well All this static's problematic like grabbing a rabbits tail And that's nightly, too much messing with my psyche That enough hurts, but you fight me So you must like to dislike me [Chorus 2: Tyler Lyon & Liz Suwandi] Do you feel the way I feel? Is any of these even real? I'm running away from your judgement Don't you try to find me I won't let you change me anyway, anyway Inside I wanna find somewhere I can hide Away from all the faded dreams and tainted lies I wanna tear you up and love you all I want You quit and score so give me more Give me more Give me more [Outro] [Tyler Lyon] So tell me everythings okay I'm only dying just to be You wanted only everything And all you do is kill me So tell me everythings okay I'm only dying just to be You wanted only everything And all you do is kill me [Tech N9ne] You point out all my imperfections But yet you stay That's nervewrecking I can't live this way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: Fortune Force Field Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I can see it right in front of me But something is saying no Granted a lot has come to me But sum' major ideas still trying to make it go Fortune force field I can taste this but can't drink it I can make it when I think it Can't mistake it, so distinctive Man I hate this, man I dreamed it, can't believe it I gotta' let it go! (So!) It's on for tonight (Oh!) Hope this wall is ready for a fight (Yo!) In this hole I'm reaching for the light (No!) A lot of dreams are lost in the night [Verse 1] Why you wanna try to take my bill ticket? I mean real wicked, I seem real livid I've been filled with it I mean vexed Un-ex-pect-ted-ness, when everything is the best I get a minute to rest, but then A nigga regrets I gets the money But next I'm in debt (I won, what?) I mean I lost take green from a boss Be the things that I dream but They intervene they get my creme, then I'm off (Whose they?) They turned the Motherfuckin' best position Into a deposition dealing with that will Make you wanna ex the mission Never no checks to get to and that's the bitching How do I maintain my autonomy With so many leaches in this economy My moaning is mearly monetary But the moment it's really gone is scary Try to beat my high score, but I fight Forward despite lawyers An eye for an eye because my types warrior Never the less I inherit a mess, a big floor speel I'm steady pushing to break down this Fortune force field [Verse 2] Yeah, it's like pulling a bad one Get her off at the pad, then get the jimmy to stab some But you can't and puddy is right there Like a barrier or something, keeping you from her Such a negative type lair, You can never pipe nair When you've got it in front of you Wanna do it's a pitiful nightmare It's like making a baby, you never having it It's making you crazy And toting a living human, it's making you weighty Kick, kick, kick, shaking your lady Like late in the 80's, got my name And got to taking the stage V told the people I got Satan to save me That's why radio be hating to play me Everything you gain, only brains you pain But the fame it fools the blame But you regain it through Strange Yeah, never put your guard down Because I wanna bang, bang, bang hard now I'm a warhound, never mistaken I kick walls down To the ground and get applause sound Because I got even, then I'm lard bound [Bridge: x2] Lot of dreams are lost in the night [Verse 3] Fuck your litigation We gon' win, just a bit of waiting Everytime that I get ahead Gotta be a motherfuckin' drawback So I'm a draw back and bang them Bitches 'til they all crack MSC look what you've done to me Kept the first five I done from me And you others know that Caribou belong to me You come for me, just know we will never settle War is what it's gonna be! [Bridge x2] [Outro] Yeah, been breaking down that Fortune Force Field for a long time Now I get my Just Due The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: I'm Not a Saint Typed by: AZ Lyrics I'm not perfect [x2] (I'm not a saint, oh my lord) That ain't right [x4] Animosity surround me And it's all because I found me How deceptive can the clown be Enough to leave frowns upon the face of those who found me So much evil in my mind state Many think that they can define Yates But cannot tame the wicked primate Who preach his sinful thoughts and lead the listeners on blind faith I didn't mean to hurt a soul here But my inner demon has no fear Of making choices that'll make you pour tears Black transparent flies show me that the soul's near I see 'em then they disappear quickly Cause this be some other shadows signaling the sickly? Forgive me Good people, I gotta let them know before they pick me I tell them (I'm not a saint) No. (oh my lord) I'm crying out (Oh my Lord!) I'm crying out. (Oh my Lord!) That ain't right! [x4] Brian Dennis was in love with her I exchanged kisses and hugs with her I never should've but I dugged in her Never say no names but her thang was that she loved pictures Another nigga told my nigga His reply to me was "Why nigga?" I learned my vices, they divide niggas Had a chance to say I'm sorry and then he died Man... So hurt that I couldn't stand Meanwhile my dark blob expands And touching my loved ones dissolving their helping hands My heart loves My brain takes They never know they steppin' with a [?] date I put a gun to my insane face That way your loving hearts I can't break Black transparent flies again Could be spots on your eyes my friend I thought that the love was gonna win But now I see that I'm stuck in here to see the evil rise again My brain is so gung-ho This all started when I was young though This thing I won't keep running from so: I got molested by my seven-grade teacher Mrs. [?] That ain't right! [x4] Damn... To the people who love me, I apologize for me back then I was intoxicated, I was on drugs, now there's a new me Now let's turn up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Kendrick Lamar, Mayday!, Kendall Morgan Album: Something Else Song: Fragile Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Wrekonize & Bernz] You said you'd never ever break... down But here I am sweeping... pieces off of the ground You said you'd never, ever play... to crowds But I've seen you hoping to play songs to them now I've spent all night long scared of tomorrow, I broke my alarm Everything is almost lost, pick it up slow, before it's gone... [Chorus: Wrekonize & Kendall Morgan] We're fragile (Wish I'd have known) I never thought I'd be so fragile (You're not alone) If it didn't break before, it's about to (We've been here before) I don't ever want to change I'm fragile I don't ever want... I don't ever... [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Some of the people appointed to give an opinion Never do get it I want you to come on and gobble a jimmy and... die N9na be givin the remedy and why? Critics are really the enemy and I Can't stand the way they slam today's gifted Effin' incredible, get fanned away with grands to pay This jam will lay scripted Deaf and impeccable Write a rhyme and I put everything in a flow I'm the N9ne I'm a look very mean When a foe scribe a line but he has never been at a show By the times it'll be better, leave it in the sto. Cause they wrote nothin' but lies, quotes stuck in my eyes Amateur writer dissin' He's a beginner and hopes for your demise, folks I'm a despise Never do try to listen It's real - I'm mad Clueless when you scribble on your pad How you gonna criticize now with a chisel on your nads sizzling your ad. You don't really get why I'm so pissed? Understand this: I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit, yes I'm [Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar] Tell me that I'm famous Tell me that my name is Big as Venus Jupiter and then Uranus Tell me that your anus got your head in it I can smell the articles and know you're heinous Tell me that you love me, always thinkin' of me Unconditional, I'm hoping I'm your favourite Grab a fishing pole and throw me with the sharks That's the feelin' I get when you're concentratin' On this pen, on this pad Tell me you're willin' to diss on my craft Tell me the feelin' of pickin' apart this track Stop... Puttin' my heart and my soul in these lines Tellin' me platinum and gold all the time Lookin' to bury, a deep hole for mine Drop... This is more than you, and this is more than you And your entire building slanderin' and abusin' What I call the realest comin' from a student Told myself to use a poem as an UZI Empty magazine, I seen a magazine You seen my trigger finger, then I started shootin' That was nicotine, I'm bout to smoke 'em all And journalists involved should've known my music The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Angel Davenport, Game Album: Something Else Song: Priorities Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] You got the shit, mhhm Where it's at then? Nigga fuck you Bitch ass nigga [Verse 1: Game] I open my mouth and what comes out is dangerous Angel dust, mix it up with cocaine and just kill yourself in Los Angeles Niggas lost and jealous, couple tossed umbrellas, two hiding plus 45's is cocked blazing til we in clouds with Pac Not to mention, these federal penitentiaries locking all my niggas up giving them half a century so the day they get out with Alzheimer they won't remember me, and everything they did before 20 is faded memories [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Hated enemies ready to finish me, government wanna limit these, men with G's spin it put them in a key Then it's me beginning this chemistry I am tangled, cause liven it's got a man strangled It's fandagled, hand me a plan from a damn angel [Verse 3: Angel Davenport] Angels in my city get it gritty, rioting off Henny In clubs they act fast, packing, they gats got plenty When you in my streets better open your fucking eyes Niggas in front wanna take you down In back wanna break your spine [Verse 4: Game] Stain inside broken glass And to forget it all we grab a bitch and poke her fast Walk her out holding ass Anything for that Lambo, in years of holding cash Spend it on a couple strippers and forget to hold the gas [Verse 5: Tech N9ne] It's high, but it ain't like me I'm past the sky, you ask us why, we emotional and have to cry Cause the cash is my way that I'm gonna last to die But when they classify me as bad to the masses I [Verse 6: Angel] Dare you to go through all this sickness Need a minute come to my senses On block they pose, throw 'em to the dogs Pitbulls then they place all bets in Often I cop, often I fight bitches Launder they thoughts Launder them leave stitches Street vicious micro missions Still play the game with the end in a vision Might.. [Verse 7: Game] Give upon my holla, toss em' a couple dollas Hit the window with them wipers, but forget your babies diapers [Verse 8: Tech, Angel, & Game] And that's the reason why we forever minorities Hatred for all authorities Fucking up our priorities The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: News With Mark Alford 2 (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Mark Alford] We now have some developing news to tell you this hour about apparent mass vandalism in Kansas City. Police say it looks like the vandals are targeting local school buildings. Now traditionally, vandals use spray paint, as you know, to tag property. In these cases, the letters: E.B.A.H. appear to be burned into the sides of multiple Kansas City school buildings. Police say it happened some time over night and police say the only lead they really have right now points to some sort of connection with Kansas City based rap artist: Tech N9ne. Maybe a fan? You might remember Tech N9ne released a recording back in September of 2012 with that same title that was now found burned into the schools: E.B.A.H. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: Dwamn Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Speak of my language People I hang with You can't find this in ya big book Never heard before My crew bitch look [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Hellurr, straight crown and a burrr And after I'm finished you know I'm a drink some murrr But I got 20/20 vision when I'm pitchin, listen I spot them chickens never slippin like a transmission You like Baileys, I like ladies, I'm quite crazy And maybe a little shady to hit tonight baby Cookies, I gotta bang, they wanna hang, with a real nigga All day, everyday, by myself, not a gang Wanna go night-night nigga I'm a so nice I lit up, like a swisher I don't know why I bit her We won't stroke by my ni-nuts, Papa getcha Wi-wi-wi-witch if you hide the puta Away from me then you can blow me, like a hookah They know I'm a crowded prusta On the pooty tang, ya booty bang And I wish I was your loofah Oooh, you're sweeter than Dean and DeLuca Trying to boost ya, this my number that I shoot ya So hot I need a fan on me (uhhuh), everybody wanna land on me (uhhuh) So c'mon and put ya hand on me (uhhuh), now what's damn with a wam on it? DWAAAAAMN! like bam like blaow like DWAAAAAMN! like blam like wow like DWAAAAAMN! Say bitch (say what?) Okay Ma'am, that's enough to make the whole spot say "DWAAAAAMN!" [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Sound like when somebody get hit on Batman Always looking for the pussy - CAT-scan Booty's always being watched - black man Never be caught messing around in the flat-land I solemnly swear to beat punini Jiggly jello off in a petite bikini Women wating in line to meet my weenie Wanna see me go Gandolfini Won't you let me reach the creamy Ain't nobody got time for that But I got time for getting you behind the clap DWAAAAAAAMN! Brian Dennis made nina put the dwamn on the DWIIITCH We drinkin' We thinkin' We linkin' with ladies cause they winkin' Now I can say "damn" but that ain't big Saying "dwamn" say you seen a whole lot dick I cross my heart like a p-coat If you bring it here I'm a throw c-notes Let me flow of in your water like a sea boat She choked, guess she didn't have a deep throat Dwamn is when it's impressive Dwamn is when you seeing some one on some next shit Dwamn is when you listening to nina-tech spit - that's it But look on the big rump on that bitch! Girl I ain't seen in a while No longer teen in her style Butt seams and jeans in a blouse Like bam. Like blaow. Like blam. Like wow. Like DWAMN The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Snow Tha Product, Twisted Insane, Wrekonize Album: Something Else Song: So Dope (They Wanna) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Wanna sit beside a sick and seductive sinner, see Somethin so sinister, sick as succus, I'm like a centipede Slitherin, she's searchin for synergy Suckin my seed, chakra tease thick as sippin Hennessy, shittin On the hissin I'll spit you outta commission Position the bitch and dip in when a mitch is slippin, submission All of this is the quick-in, the copulatin and kissin My operation is rippin to the bottom, shakin and strippin Odd when I bust, K.O.D. put em in Necropolis Givin' this rod to the good broads, and they givin they bras to us With the gift to break up a couple that's monogamous Stop with the props and take off your effin draws, bitch and rock with us! Been gitty cause them titties, are on my chin-chinny Chin, did he pretend he was a gin kitty? Suckin the crme de la crme and the skin pretty Dim liddy, then hittin the drim in Sin City Let it in, I'm the medicine, get her wetter than ever been Never better than a veteran, leveled that in the bed again Rockin red, I've been in my letterman, bright as Edison Like I said a sin, head her when events end and I'm fetishin Open up, you hoes, you know what's up Told you when I bust, her clothes they wanna just Go run off her butt, fo sho they wanna cut Explode, drop a load, cause the flow, is [Chorus: Tech N9ne] So dope they wanna (fuck) So dope they wanna (suck) So dope they wanna (give it all up and really abrupt) So dope they wanna (fuck) So dope they wanna (suck) So dope they wanna (give it all up and really abrupt) So dope they wanna (fuck) So heroin, so cocaine, so ketamine, promethazine, so X (so wet) So thorazine, so morphine, so dope that they wanna have sex [Verse 2: Wrekonize] She said "I heard that you was packin' I'm a fan of your rapping I'm feining action where you really from, Cape Town?" I said "yeah bitch and I was born in London So I'm thinkin' 'bout fuckin' you with the crumpets and some cake now!" How did we get so, stereotypical? Feelin' so seminal, now I'm flowin' to the pinnacle I see you got some friends who just lookin' to get it from the medic so I'm a 'bout to pivot on 'em and I make rounds Want a piece of the beast from the East? Complete, in the sheets, release beats, got her man down Your boy just never could compete with us, please, better believe We skeet, now wipe yourself off with a Sham Wow! Me and Nina run deeper than receivers, I beat up all on her beaver Now she wanna feed the meter! Speakers bumpin' tweeters from here up into Medina leave us pleasin' Are your nieces screamin' "Take me to your Leader! "? I'm train spottin' the vein rockin' the lane off and came droppin' Serious game all on your brain, rottin'! Pick a million pricks and I'm pretty sure that you missed the one That hits you on the clit, quick drip! Probably ya main option Blowin' the slut up just for good luck and I'm fuckin' the kitty up But the angel just stole my nuts! Trophy lovin' cup and my dopin' is such a mustered It's troublesome they give up when the lust is so dope they wanna-! [Chorus: Tech N9ne] [Verse 3: Twisted Insane] Loving to give it up in it in the back of the room And make em screamin' go up in it deep as she was feindin' when she saw my weiner She told me ready for anything, I'm talkin' anything I'm stuck it up in her jaws, I'm breakin' walls, like I was Katrina Don't even know me, but she know my flow is O.G. She told me she like to play with the pussy when she get lonely Homie if I was only right there instead of the saw me She claimin' the pussy better but tell me better just show me She ask if I'm comin' up with the mask in my entrance Sinner in a second I spit it like Like every sentence She was there for repentance first is top of the infant I'm damagin the vagina, reminda I'm filled with vengeance Hit em whenever they ever wanna run up and they doin it because I rap and shit I really don't care, whatever it takes, to get em up on the matt-er-ess I coulda been the one that's huntin run bust with the gun but this is way more fun to get To get up in this motherfucker natressess In bikinis and suckin on my zuchini She told me she wanna be me while sippin that from Martinis Fuck it if I'm a meanie she probably would never leave me Shit I can play eenie meanie from frontin from my weenie And now I see em on every record and stage They posted up in the audience and all of em filled with hope Knowin they only wanna be in my presence Or Affiliated because truth is you are Dope [Chorus: Tech N9ne] [Verse 4: Snow Tha Product] You know Tech, you know I've been the type To not go all in, on hoes I've been around They got no common sense They position, is probably insignificant And they been Now they be hoggin Cause they all gon bark like that Give em the game, give em the game give em the game So he can let, he wanna bang Cause I got that sickinant style, that built me a crowd And men and women feelin me now Cause I'm just here to figure it out And they tell me that they women is down, they gettin aroused And they be tryna give me they child, with a genital smile They say they wanna The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B, Wiz Khalifa Album: Something Else Song: See Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] This, this, this, this one of them ones Yeah, Tech N9ne! Turn me up a little bit more Ben so I can rock this the right way brother If you got 20/20 vision You can see me now handling this music with precision If not, then it's fine with me Just know this movement is vivid enough for the blind to see, Yates [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] How in the hell can you miss me When I'm counting me mail? making history Trip the splits be that 50/50 So we rip the script swiftly and zip through chips quickly When the trash, mail and pizza man see me They get a fever and cheesy when they see the man Neezy I'm easily beast and my hand is in my belt What? I'm independent and I'm feeling myself A flunk I won't be I bumps the trunks see The ladies pop the monkey and drop the donkey They want to flaunt me My songs be funky Steady getting that cheddar forever But some acting like the don't see [Chorus: B.o.B] I'm top dog, something like a CEO I'm calling shots, call it Don Julio But they don't really see me though But they don't really see me though All night, life like a video Prime time, something like a Super Bowl But they don't really see me though [Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa] With contact lenses say he don't smoke I'm rolling up and let the contact get them He even choked My approach was to never to be broke Kept my real niggas close Now the player turned to coach I hear people saying why so many changes? Why so many watches? Why so many chains? I'm mixing Kush with all these different strains Riding in my Porsche listening to Purple Rain So much knowledge I came up on you as a Hollywood insider The inside of my crib look like a gym Speaking of gym, I'm in a gang, you're just a bench rider You ride the bench that mean you ain't playing You understand, hella fans, Bunching hands, hundred grands that's the plan Wizzle Man! [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] I'm truly blessed I do request for all of you people to listen I do see checks and movie sets And never been a stranger to vixens Pick up my pen and tell my [?] When I got a motive and a minute with a mission You know what I'm a get it when I dip into it I've been through it, I've been a fighter with a vision You can cover your eye, brother but why? Cause your lady just discovered that my Big rubber defies your lover blubber So you utter replies with a tougher disguise Cause my payday just caught the nose of your lady I'm at the beginning of my hay-day Y'all better recognize like Mayday! I don't know why jokers just won't let their eyes notice Deep in my vocals they keep yelling that I'm doper And I choke ya if you lift the Nine's flow so So by jokes you know [?] Couldn't see me with bi-focals The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Something Else Song: My Haiku-Burn the World Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] This is my haiku The sick pedophile Touching beautiful kiddies Really gonna die I think the world needs more light Cause what they do in the dark too haneous for your sight And mine is dark all the time A sign to design true crime But I'm blessed to have the platform for this rhyme [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Damn, why wasn't the light on baby girl Grown men touch her, she 4, livin' on this crazy world That's gonna affect her way longer than the lightest life span If I was there, I'd be sparking way more than a light man But if we shine em' all, together we can run them off Gonna hardslide on everyone he come across Molotovs go to slavery in the Holocaust Lotta chalk, you ain't lit up, then you not a boss Light the darker alleys, it might just spark a rally For right these hearts are rowdy, tonight we spark the valleys In flatlands stoppin' the bad man, we'll grab hands Girl he groping going in the trash can Nowhere to hide I must say places ain't light enough You try to cut the bright of us an idol might just erupt The fine of dusk would light as the night adjust If you got em' then light them up [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] There was a lighter in everybody's hand The world would seem brighter The sky would be fire We'd raise our hands and burn the world So raise your hands and burn the world [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Hey, Why did Adam shoot the school up? Maybe cause the way he grew up Maybe cause of loose screws Scratched out cause mama loved to pick the tool up Now a marathon done blew up And it's bout has two nuts When Castro took the kids for about ten years and what he'd done I almost threw up [Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko] If them was my youngins I'd try to bring the sun in closer to them Turn it up a hundred and hold it up to them Take a bite and chew them Some of they baby life they ruined I'd be going crazy on the daily daily I'd pursue them Don't need more reasons to turn this to a fire pit Barbecue, I would do, right find without all of it It's awful and off to no resolving it Molotovs make the night brighter [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] Yeah, Depresin' to seeing them Was heaven cause we had sinned The reverend is begging brethren to be seven and being friends Tecca don't wanna see kiddies die Mine is in the stretcher, so what you gonna do with them 25 lighters on your dresser Yessir, shine them bright so they see us off in Mecca Lessen the threats of the meth would step in with death and press us To mess a, good will divide up a fight Being right and polite, come and help me light up the night Shine your light bright, but I finally can't rape her People stand together, make the place safer No time to play when I weigh the straight haters Cause they fakers and doing evil is they nature This is for kids that once and often go through my head, they don't wanna run so off them I don't want no sack on my pants, so I'm asking her friend, "Just keep a list so this don't happen again." [Outro: Tech N9ne] A wonderful musician once said "If the people that are trying to destroy this world aren't taking a day off, then why should I?" I feel that So how do I light up the darkness, Mr.Bob Marley? This is my attempt right here I'm trying The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big K.R.I.T., Cee Lo Green, Kutt Calhoun Album: Something Else Song: That's My Kid Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] If my kid has a problem It's up to me as the guardian to go and solve em' Make my life and involve em Late at night when I call em I like to hear em' say daddy your song is awesome Instead of gangbangers in school won't let up I'm fed up I'm wondering if you can come up an red up You shut up, negativity can be found inside my angels Even though I was stupid but I put it down Set trippin' - But I let it go headed for energetic flow When I'm up to know that I was down and out But now I'm breaded though I know you saw me rep colors when I was young, dumb and malicious I'm thankful, that all my blemishes never made you suspicious Latched on to light That's known to hype apparent you coherent knowing I rapped wrong to right (write) Love and positivity instilled in my kid Their family my family their mother and I did Discipline starts at home even if they can't stand you Watch em' fights land, you clock em' right hand To stop em' that a man to stand up even add a camera They won't be James Holmes, and they won't be Adam Lanza A John Malvo, I'll flow loud for my child though Ain't raising no groucho evil out my house yo Instead a me watching em' disappear in the night Air em' at graduation saying that's my kid right there [Chorus: Cee Lo Green] I proudly claim my love The futures born from my own flesh and blood All that matters, this time So prayers that the sun will always shine On that sweet child of my mine [Verse 2: Big KRIT] To my unborn I give my all so you could ball like I could Stay in school and play it smooth and do those things that I wouldn't Pay attention and keep your distance from ignorant instances Play a instrument anything that you want just invision it Follow your dreams, no matter what may come or what may fall Cause' ain't no shame in failing as long as you know you gave your all Staned up, man up, get a handle on yourself tighten your belt Do what you can to do for you and ya'll just don't, do it for the wealth that they offer It sounds awful but if me and your mama' ain't talking And she said that I ain't offering a call just as often as I should I pray that you get older and you understand that I was just, doing what I could If she let me, if you have a second I could explain Like so many transitions in life that people change Whether I'm on top soil, or dead in a box I love you dearly sincerely and that'll never stop For my kid.. For my kid.. [Chorus: Cee Lo Green] [Verse 3: Kutt Calhoun] Paris and Darius Dariana Unique Oshay Malik And one on the way in a matter of weeks But it's a shame cause' I think that my other daughter ain't mine Andria baby I love you I guess your father was blind In due time you'll understand it, how your mama' was scandelous (Wait this don't seem right man, I don't think I can handle it,) When I all I ever did was show love for you Sweated blood for you, any moment take a slug for you But it's cool, the baby mama drama is expected And that karma is going to be what I been blessed with Sit back and learn your lessons as our seeds grow from kids to adolescence Then present you for yourself as misdirection The first to heed the message is Malik Abandonded by his mama' on thanksgiving evening Bout' three years ago was up to me to feed to em morals Values manhood, knowledge a week ago he graduated You ask me, then I'm a' say [Chorus: Cee Lo Green] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Scoop DeVille Album: Something Else Song: Meant to Happen Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Scoop DeVille] Cause it was all meant to happen It was all meant to happen No wonder why you kept walkin' my way Cause it was all meant to happen It was all meant to happen No wonder why you kept walkin' [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] My mom was 18, waitin' for her prom date Which was my father, yes, this night's gonna be beyond great Two years prior they both created Aaron Yates So the bond straight with two fine mates, so mom waits And waits, in the upstairs window watchin' For my pops and it was shockin' that he never ever came knockin' Just left her, in her prom dress and that's the eve Where all the stress hit aggressively, she had her first epileptic seizure And kept havin' them, doctor, help the sick lady Medicine with the quickness, just maybe it'll stop 'Member this, in '80 I was, nine Asleep and I heard somethin' collapse Hopped up with nothin' but tighty whitie Saw my mom just fell and slapped the floor She shakin', I'm scared, I ran out the house in my underwear "Help my mama" is all that's comin' out my mouth A neighbor came to help so mama wouldn't die As a little kid, watchin' the ambulance take her away, I'm thinkin' "Why?" [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] '92, I was 21 Sellin' rocks for my auntie, was plenty fun And yes she loaded the house with many guns She got me a TEC-9 for my birthday, "No more trippin' from anyone" Is what Im thinkin', Boones Farms what Im drinkin' Singin' Jodeci loaded, we exploded, these chicks Im binkin' Daily, nightly, the ladies like me, Im baby Ikie, Maybe slightly, Im crazy might be Really shady, sheisty not like this though Im sleepin' again, this dude breaks in with a pistol I heard his bullet whistle, so I had to roll of on this flo' Heard a struggle then my auntie scream, Im feelin' for my piece Then, just my luck, my birthday gift that I got wasn't in my reach The gunman busted in my room lookin' for somethin' Found me hidin', pointed the gun right at my head, my heart was pumpin' Then he turned and ran away then with a blink of an eye He was gone, I found my auntie shakin', hidin' in the closet, Im thinkin' "Why?" [Verse 3] Dear Darkness, you've been with me for so long I never understood, 'til now in this slow song Been in some shaky situations, but life goes on But still, a lot of things you showed this kid was so wrong But what's so right, this pain and strife that I go write People go buy it, they think that my flow's tight Got a cold mic, they got me a million sold twice Not a low-life anymore its always sold-out show nights After K.O.D. you scared me, so I ran from you Then accepted you on Seepage, then saw the fans come through Just when I thought I took everything I can stand from you I kept writing and then we watched the Strangeland come true So now I see, these stories in my life I was meant to share my darkness within my light People say it helps them to see me fly From the bottom, thats motivation for them all, now I see exactly why The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: News With Mark Alford 3 (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Mark Alford] Ever since the meteor strike earlier this week, the burgundy mister fog has been spreading throughout the metro. Since then, there had been numerous reports of strange, but positive, side effects. Including a dramatic decrease in crime Kansas City Police are stunned. This week, they have responded to ZERO emergency calls. Kansas City School Officials are also reporting some dramatic changes since the burgundy skies overtook the city. Student attendance and test scores are BOTH up significantly School administrators as well as the police chiefs say if this dramatic change is a result of our new burgundy skies, then they certainly hope the burgundy mist will keep spreading for the good of man-kind They say their hope is that this, cold harsh earth, will eventually become a better place for us all to live I'm Mark Alford, Goodnight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: Believe Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Welcome to planet Earth Where people are divided Some who try to fight it got violence and it hurts Damaged turf, put men at work so people could manage personal demons and them it's worth Cause they give roadblocks and you're told not to show at the vote box and go for the broslops Wich in shows get the folks hot, what do you suppose locked the shows rock is gotta be their old and cold pops Racism is passed down and Gate gives them mad frowns But how they live and laugh now should be they bis and last sound from class clowns People should be free to be together Should be free to be whatever you can see that we can better When we give respect is good in any language People are the strangers, but we don't wanna see any anguish When I see we free to be something, anything we see All we gotta do is B.E.L.I.E.V.E [Chorus} They smell the fires burning They hear us in the streets And now the world in crumbling They want us on our knees So, that's why (That's why) We all (We all) Must stand (Stand tall) For what? For what we all believe [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Yeah, Lost so many soldiers overseas Over cheese I was on my knees, and cowaiting by rain steady praying for the world to freeze Little kid's gone, never did wrong Look at him as a lens but he is strong We should take notes Why you wanna hate folks? And hurt each other using color as the scapegoat We all struggle to bubble we gotta huddle up Different people together like in a shuttle bus Trouble is double, double motto? Your freedom is yours Your free to explore They speak in evil, you're free to ignore Through these hells I freely see because I B.E.L.I.E.V.E The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: R.I.P. Ray (Skit) Typed by: AZ Lyrics I just wanna say rest in piece, Raymond Daniel Manzarek Jr. Much love Tech N9ne The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: Strange 2013 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Let's get it Fredwreck, Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, Tech N9ne, and Mister Jim Moreson [Hook: Jim M. & Tech N9ne] Strange days have found us (I been a nobody, but now I get it in) Strange days have tracked us down (Nowhere to run, what I did is keep it wicked [?] pretend) They're going to destroy (Everything in my path I'm a gas I'm a spit it to the end) Our casual joys (I'm a take away your everything, I'm a merk [?] where I began) We shall go on playing Or find a new town Yeah! [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] In the beginning it was negative, wasn't nobody [?] heavenly sick brethren Tech's veteran, better than clever man You're gonna be off of your rocker when the chakra's on chopper It's kinda funny having no money coming up It's the number independent 1 rapper, people running up [?] Beast in the nation, cheese generatin' Now everybody know where the flame spray, fame pays, maintains brain crazed Leaving them all leaking in pain Hey gain, wait Get ready for Strange Days [Hook] [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I told them I was gonna ball for y'all Did it all, they didn't wanna get involved at all, yeah They said that I was gonna fall, but now I'm walking tall They all saw wicked [?] start here Everybody will applaud the odd lyrical God The fraud better kneel before his own, yeah Never ever will I dissolve my heart in the dark, so when they call I'm a all a call, yeah Wanna hate me Industry gotta face me They be shaky, ladies say we may be the crazies They hella hazy, John Wayne the case be The industry face off too sweet like pastry Look at all these mentions Look at all this ubratitions Remember everyone saying I wasn't gonna make it, but the Tecca Nina kept on inchin' This ain't no dang phase Never will my reign fade On the come up and a one up Man it feels good to finally see Strange praised [Outro: Jim M. & Tech N9ne] Strange days have found us (This is the trip) And through their strange hours We linger alone (The best part I, really really like) Bodies confused (6, 7, Tech N9ne!) Memories misused (Fredwreck. Thank you brotha) As we run from the day To a strange night of stone Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Something Else Song: SMB Typed by: AZ Lyrics Strange Music bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ B.o.B., Ces Cru, Krizz Kaliko, Mayday!, Rittz, Stevie Stone Album: Something Else Song: Colorado Typed by: AZ Lyrics [B.o.B] Yeah, uh-huh, uh-oh, no, damn [Tech N9ne] It-it-it-it-it-it that good Colora-do [Chorus: B.o.B] Toke, toke, toke, toke, you know it's that fire, I can't get no higher! Toke, toke, toke, toke, I came to turn the night up, now watch me as I light up [Tech N9ne] Hey, I smoke in Amsterdam, in Denmark, Christiana! Canada, then Germany, now everybody in this twist ganja Now I wanna go to my second home big Tech is prone to conjure Some of that new legal purple good Colorado-marijuana [Stevie Stone] Break it down, curl it up, fire it up, pass it round Got that dope, eighth and a dream and cuddle with a purp when I'm in a town Nobody fucks with regular, on my shit spectacular Hit it for the low shit gotta be real loud, and this wild next to ya Rhino rolling in the most, hydro mixed with indigo Blaze that shit, really can't get no high, but niggas still feel me though Shoakin' dough, blazin' fire, roll 'em up, mile high Lovin' Colorado strawberry kush open wide [Tech N9ne] Put you lighters up in the sky when the nigga do it For the homeboy Pakelika, Restin' in Reffa! Smoking that good Keisha Through a vaporizor with a feature Tech N9ne, I'mma kick it everytime When I ease my mind, I hit my bottle But they legalized it in my second home When I go I'mma hit that good Colora-do [Chorus x2] [Godemis] You already know what it is, tappin' bottles, chippin' lips Rollin' up another thumper, then we on the way to kill another gig Info, Frizz, Stevie, Tech, Ubi and Picasso too Joggin', I'll get it open, talkin' smoke so loud that I can't hear you Look at me walkin' sideways, wavy but I'm not sloppy And I'm burnin' down the bush, with the chief the spirits have got me Better roll up you know I'm cold as fuck, going nuts iffin' I'm up in your place Takin' a hit of the purp I'mma hold it in and blow it in your face! [Info Gates] [Cough] Info Gates [Cough] bitch don't hate I showed up at the studio bars official Cause I'm on trees like carved initials I got that Candy Maldonado but I've been KC, not Colorado So if a cop finds this avocado I got in this medicine bottle I gotta get [Ubiquitous] Be hittin' the indica strain when it get in my brain That it isn't the same, I'm twistin the flame Light up, the Ces is definitely beneficial for the pain That medical Jane never synthetic you know photosynthesis gettin' the blame Blowin' legit if you switchin' the state, uh, blow the piff and I'm driftin' away When I'm out in the Springs with a mountain to king I'm countin the ounces they bring, they offer that kush (Kush) They burnin' the bush, they 'bout it no doubt it's a thing I'm jackin' the cyph, then I'm coming for Colorado for over half of my life I came from about it back in the day, got a habit for packin' the sack in the pipe I blowin' that it in [Chorus x2] [Bernz] Been an outlaw for minute though, smokin' out with no shame Blowin' loud out of my sun roof back in the Sunshine State But then boys offered that cake so it's a cat and mouse type chase So I growin' eyes on my back and droppin' brains over my face I need a high estate, elevate, gotta get back up to that Denver stage Where the fans are Strange and the air is thin But I smoke is thick I just can't explain Sparkin', puffin', passin', ease your pain and all these forms of fashion I think it's only right to celebrate it, just get [Wrekonize] Up-up high, get 'em up-up high Stuck in the sky, we gotta lust let's fly And I just met my angel dangled With a halo and a bud supply Went over limits and you heard the tale About my freaked out tweaked out weed dungeon But I forget about that when I'm in the do See I be all up on them Green Funyuns Took another trip out to the CO Where they be telling me the liberty is legal So that's no piss test for your PO We go to free load and debo Doritos Showing love to Metropolis And the brother with the funk on the side of the curb Green cross in a seson of moss When they all breed crops and they dying to serve [Rittz] Fort Collins to Boulder we smoke the air We just feel wicked we on that Jodi Arias Rollin' and jokin' these folks just stare at us Trippin' for no reason when it's so hilarious You high or something, you stared but you scared to puff You wanna fly with me yeah have fans with lust Just be careful when you hit it, I got admit it I been known for sprinkle these orange hairs with dust Forgot where we was, tried to order a quarter pounder From a Taco Bell drive through high so we drove off On the road lost blinded from the smoke fog Made it to the crib I hit the door and then I dozed off Broke off my homies a couple buds And ever since the day I did it I got a bunch of phone calls Ask me how much do an O' cost In Atlanta got 'em smokin' on that dope dog yup-ya-uh-yeah [Krizz Kaliko] When I'm in another land I smoke that fire-iah-iah I don't really hit to choke but tonight I'm gonna try-iah-iah Take some weed, mixin' with tobacco leafs Actually and breathe and I lose my faculties, naturally (Okay) Worldwide now, following Tech Nina Take another hit if you got that reefer Bring me a little bit of that sativa Baby tokes is my anxiety Don't like when I put up inside of me I go back to the bottle, when I take a hit of that Colora-do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi Album: Something Else Song: Drowning Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Liz Suwandi] Life looks different down here Inside my dying prison If I could reach the edge of this I'll take it somewhere if I could [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] But I am slipping under water The tide oh it's pulling me much farther Maybe I am drowning, oh I'm drowning [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] My Tsunami, my Katrina and my inner Sandy Man it will not simmer expanding If I swam seem like I would slam the damn thing But I'm scrambling, falling like I damaged my hamstring I'm deeply disturbed, so many things keep me perturbed Inside of me peeping this surge and I'm completely submerged My data wiped even if NASA had a sight Couldn't catch it with N.O.A.A.'s ghost satellite Storms at five with them I'm torn alive Hearing the horns from high Pain is for sure my eye Having a lot of blackouts Medics try putting me on medicine But I need light Just like the East need con Edison I'm dead again Drowning and everybody else is messed when I got troubles that's been pulling me down And jesting, water no breath in Look how it swept in To evacuate or not evacuate? Is the question [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Teach me to swim, keep me from them Eating the limbs and other body pieces from him I may be wrong not to, play these songs, caught ya When you got me drowning in my own Davy Jones locker It's caving in, it's over weight No saving him, he's freeloader bait And everybody picks him than sticks him But your rain and winds equal my shut down system Yeah [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Danny Brown Album: Something Else Song: Thizzles Typed by: AZ Lyrics Pst wanna make sure these beats are locked down. Hey, hold on one second, here's Tech right here, man. What's up homeboy, what you need? - Th-th-th-th-thizzles! - How many? - Th-th-th-th-thizzles! - What is that, like five? - Yahtzee! - Alright, c'mon through - Cool [Intro: Tech N9ne] Only ye, who is on the molly, shall dig this little diddy here And if ye shall want that molly, then ye shall have it! [Chorus: Tech N9ne] When I'm in the house everybody in the place know I got that Ladies in the back, on my lap, I'mma tap when they pop that I was on that molly when I copped that, but I never dropped that Hey, hey (I got thizzles) [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] T-H-I-Z-Z-L-E-S, in my belly, yes We stay high, we be helly X'd, so don't be jelly, just Get up in the midst of the party, got a fistful of molly and a bitch with a body I think I wanna grab another chick from a hottie Make her licked on my lollipop, I hits when I'm naughty Hit em both then I'm 'scapin later Never limited, dig it, I'm makin paper Penny pickin, was sick, I was hatin fakers Who played the great A, but they can't bust I was-a-poppin, the panties was droppin I never stopped even when granny was knockin Super shockin when the be It's off from all the rockin, insanity fuckin That I does, my high buzz The type of sky shove I love, I was [Pre-hook] (Poppin Molly Ringwald while, eatin Stacy Green raw) (Everbody and things saw, motherfuckin fiend, y'all) [Verse 2: Danny Brown] M-D-M-to-the-A, on that plate, got me hella straight We just took some dips, we just met, but we gon' fuck today So pop that pussy for a goon and I got four hoes in my hotel room Got a zip of that Marley and a fill of that Henny and a gram of that molly we about to go boom Bitch it's Tech Nina and your boy Danny Brown Hand-me-down clothes on me hand-me-down hoes They be hoes on the dick doing fingers made of gold with a ruby on her head and a diamond on my nuts Cumming on her butt for a pill with a slut Playin with the pussy now I'm tryin to go fuck So ho stop playin gon' let a nigga cut Like a homeboy screamin ridin on the west side Gon' suck a nigga dick or something Gon' let a nigga hit or something We rollin, rollin on the moon rocks we controlling, 'trolling Up against the wall, all these bitches on my balls Off that Molly Ringwald Off that molly, brainwashed [Pre-hook & Hook] [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Orange juice Morn' boost Born goof Scorn roots Worn youths Let my horns loose Porn groups With the E we raise the darn roof Got it really hot in here I'mma knock this beer, I'mma pop this year Bet you think I'mma gonna stick and rock this rear But big booty bitch, I love you, but I'm not sincere Said you never popped before, I can't tell how Cause you're freaky, you take it, you're going to hell now! That I does My high buzz The type of sky shove I love I was [Pre-hook & Hook] Time to get your molly on! [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Liz Suwandi Album: Something Else Song: Party the Pain Away Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] If you can't dance, this the maint'nance [Chorus: Liz Suwandi] I need release from this frantic mind I've got the cure, I know you've got mine So go ahead and pour me more wine We've got all night, we can make it right (Let's party the pain away) [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Whenever problems show up Man I really wanna blow up, drinkin til I throw up And tonight I'm havin mo' luck Couple bad bitches rolled up, to puff a little dough up And they givin us the dame thang Puffin, drinkin, than we bang-bang Knock it out the frame, mane Caught a couple mo' dame-dames Than my homies with the cane came Now we got a Strange thang Yeah... y'all do, I don't (what's that, Tech?) Turn down something I won't I'm a... grinch when I'm yearning it Get so hot up in the spot, I think I'm partying at Burning Man I deal with the real, when I feel But tonight I'm takin Bou Lou to the grill I'll be damned, if it ain't a day, I kick it and can't obey When life is heavy we uh... party the pain away [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I be off in Australia Where the ladies really didgeridoo it if they smell ya Aboriginal's will tell ya That they rollin hella deep, and if you trippin it's a failure When I'm off in California Molly got me so dehydrated, smell ammonia I be feelin like a donor Not blood, but the other stuff Cause the women bone ya When the real life's on my case A woman waits, to sit on my face In Missouri, it's all on my state When I'm home, yes I keep a heapin on my plate I'm in a dark party, with a red light 'Bout to be another "take it to the head" night Whether you're drinkin, or you're smokin, or the med type Partyin the pain away, don't even got your bread right [Bridge] If you can't dance, this the maint'nance Let's party the pain away [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] If you're stressin, I feel ya If I'm off up in your city, come and party with the Milla 20 shots of tequila This'll make a little money so I'm gonna pay the billa If she lookin don't be jello Get your woman, take her picture with me cause I'm hella mello If you're tough and wanna yell though She'll be leavin with the crew And I'm a stick her like some velcro We the party people, night and day Livin crazy is the only way, got a... Party persona, fuck the pain and come and kick it Are you smelling my aroma? When things get bad, get trashed That's my advice on yo bitch ass Faded like you think I am On the brink, of a drink, and the drink got slammed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Ben G Album: Something Else Song: Rock-A-Bye Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] - Hey, hey Mr. Big, how you doing, man? Thanks so much for having me here to your house - Welcome to my home - You have a beautiful home, man, this is, this is wonderful - Thank you, I never invite anyone to my home, but this is very special sign here - No, I'm honored, man, I'm really honored, thank you so much - But before we get started, you mind if we just chill out here, it's a beautiful night, can just relax? - No, I don't, I don't mind it all, man, let's just chill - Here, sit right here, take a sit - Oh, okay - Yeah - Hey, this is nice - Here, have a drink - What's this? - Oh... it's just something to relax you, go ahead - Oh, okay - Gives you swagger - Uhm, feels good - You need that swagger to be big? - Yeah - I want you just to relax - Huh-uh - Go to sleep - Yeah - You will all be paid to be... [Chorus: Ben-G Da Prince of Soul] (Rock, rock) rockabye (rock, rock) rockabye (Stop, stop) stop, you won't play me (Not, not) not a guy (hot, hot) hot as I (Rock, rock) rockabye, baby (Go to sleep, go-go-go to sleep) you make me go (Go to sleep, go to sleep) oh, you make me go (Go to sleep, go-go-go to sleep) you make me go (Go to sleep) rockabye, baby [Tech N9ne] (THERAFLU) That's what it be feelin like when they bear you through Every stereo radio, and they swear you true But the dopey delivery is unbearable Drink (CARIBOU) Gotta grab your nads, you in the building Rip it til you blast, they ass, up in the ceiling Look a lot of rappers trash, ain't got the feelin Not in your brain, to wanna change, up your energy game What a shame, you got a name, but you're lyrically lame Sedated, save it, cause your memory stained From 'caine you're faded, a beginner remains With fame you're jaded, and you give me your lane I came to spray it, and it finna be pain Will you please, stop... Rappin that crap that you givin me, mayne? I been fiendin foe, meanin flow But they thought process seemin slow You ain't gotta rap hella fast for me to like you But wake the fuck if they screamin, bro And that's good, you're able to get your green and go But a lot of you shouldn't wanna be seen in show Cause when I go to your set you be leanin low [Tech N9ne] Never do you really gotta be I'll as me Lyrically, stalled Lot of rappers gonna wanna grit they grill at me Furiously, y'all But when you run up and then you find out villains we Fear is recalled Music and murkin niggas don't really wanna deal with me Seriously, dawg Your flow's on NyQuil, or them night pills Or that codeine, that y'all drank It's a funny sight for real, the people like you still When you so lean, that you can't Spit one of your verses, worse, you just faint Better get a nurse, a hearse, and kiss paint Watch a nigga urk and jerk, he's on the purp A Percocet alert, to Earth, if it's quaint in a... Box, see me comin but can't even swing at me (weak as fuck) When you be rappin, you mummy, you don't wanna see me Screamin up to the tip-top, a lot of you rappin, it be Ziploc All I'm sayin, is I never wanna have no MSG in my hip-hop (Ehe-haha! Can you feel it? Feel the swagger, hahaha) [Tech N9ne] Last thing I'm gon say The people don't really have green or gold pay So when you think of rapping and go lay Your vocal, you better, mash mean and go cray But if you a beginner still, in a deal And yo remedial rappin is in a mill I guess I better slow it down a little bit and go pop me a couple of (Benadryl) Fuck, nigga, why you wake me up, nigga? Makin million dollars layin in the cut, nigga Fuck what you say, I been 'sleep for two day Go to sleep, Tech N9ne, nigga, too paid [Outro] Stay alive, homeboy, that's all I want you to do You make me go (go to sleep, go to sleep) Oh, oh, you make go (go to sleep, go-go-go to sleep) You make me go (go to sleep) rockabye, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Something Else Song: Somebody Else Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] [Tech] Wow that was like "DWAM" baby, you know? [Woman] Mmmm, not for me [Tech] Damn, like that? [Woman] I don't know what that was, but uhhh... [Tech] You make me wish I was fucking somebody else So I could do you right you know I mean? [Woman] What!? [Chorus: Tech N9ne & Krizz Kaliko] You make me wish I was fucking somebody else So I can do you right (Do you, Do you right) I'm working through the night (I'm working through the night) 'Til the morning light Than you want me to go inside [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] I be gone, I never got time To be throwin' every woman that N9ne But that's all that be on my mind I be spending all my time Pursuing that rhyme I be always on my grind But when my lady wanna get it from behind Gotta be breaking that backwards and be shaking the sack It'll be quick in the crack getting it laid from no slacking Like Hell yeah! C'mon! She's scared like I got a gun on Looking at me like a nigga done wrong Gonna moan and I hope that it ain't anyone home I'm 'bout to knock it out the box bitch Gonna make it blow a shock aaaaand Rock it, bop it, bout to pop it I'm a never ever stop it, akeekeekee! Cause I ain't had none in weeks I'm geeked Scorpio a freak-a-leak I go deep than peek Do it in the back of my Mercedes, oooooh You make me spray baby goo Premature, aww damn girl look what you made me do! [Chorus x2] [Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko] If I had a side piece I could dump her something Somebody else is wrong to jump in Always think I'm up to something Girl I'm only tryna function You can't hear nothing when I'm talkin' And you sayin' something Put it in lame and same That your brain just to explain I can't stain when your gums is bumpin' You keep on thinkin' I'm creepin' Whenever I'm leavin' we beefin' And I ain't done nothing wrong My phone used to blow up on the reggie Calmed it down a few you do the fool Still actin' edgy But I got something to calm you When you be up at night How's 'bout you play the plumbing? And I come lay the pipe (Okay!) Always talkin' 'bout something wrong But I fix it real quick, didn't I? Always singing that same old song That there's another chick that I'm with Get rid of her Puttin' it down like I'm 'posed to do it My phone ain't 'posed to view it Something to say and I bet you spew it It's like this everyday when we go through it Than it's back to lovin' like we used to We cool for a minute Kali baby see right through ya It's a fiendish plot To make ya scream and stop Whether I cheat or not I wish I was loving somebody else So you can either leave or not (Okay!) [Chorus x2] [Bridge: Krizz Kaliko] Hey, you really make me wanna do The things that I ain't 'posed to do Wish I was lovin' on somebody else Don't want nobody else, baby but you You really make me wanna do The things that I win't 'posed to do Make me wish I was lovin' on somebody else Don't want nobody else, baby but you You really make me wanna do The things that I ain't 'posed to do And I wish I was lovin' on somebody else Don't want nobody else, baby but you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko, Oobergeek Album: Something Else Song: Feels Like Heaven Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Tech N9ne] Thinking back to all the bad I did (bad I did) How I was young and evil as a kid (as a kid) Ok, I'm better now, I ask the reverend (ask the reverend) Cause of my hell, Will I go because the life I'm livin' feel like heaven (feel like heaven) [Verse 1: Tech N9ne] Grown better man still I'm in my gang attire Does not mean I'm going to be cast into a ring of fire Does it? If so those words you speak I can't admire The evil's in my past but today the saint is ire Get and give a lot of love, guess my 'ologists follows us I was thug, taught us, now we caught up in goddish hugs Everywhere we go, there he go, went from very low To unnecessary owes when he carries flows over the stereo I'm, on my 7 all because of rhyme But because I played the 6 once upon a time The reverend says my worldly ways I need to deaden But I can't tell because this life I'm living feel like heaven [Bridge 1: Krizz Kaliko] Is it heaven, or is my head up in the clouds Is there hell for me, because I feel like we made it out I put my halo on but then, it done came off again You don't need eyes to see, that this could be our only heaven [Chorus: Nikkiya] So, if you see my feet up off the ground Oh, don't you let me tear this heaven down Oh, if you see my halo falling down Oh, don't you let me tear this heaven down [Verse 2: Oobergeek] It's funny, and when I think I'm up there... They say I fais le cul to much But they just dj vu to much Caught up in the antics Yeah I'm tied to you because I was thinking semantics So is it dependent on what your heaven is? Or how big your 6 and 7 is? Everything preaches to you, you decipher who the reverend is This verse is speaking to the ones seeking peace in any form Far from norm' imaginations, the brain rains when it storms You say names then it forms, manifest things that were foreign To you once upon a time no coincidence is gonna rhyme Make sense in a normal line Of words you learned them at the time and they remain timeless Feeding of the dreams that you promised Before niggas knew you were prominent and dominant And all those powerful words that back then, to be honest, Were just nouns and verbs; the looks on the astonished Are normal by now I seen them same faces when I was in Spiderman pajamas [Bridge 2: Krizz Kaliko] Heaven or Hell? I never thought that this could be so real I never thought that I would ever build My own heaven [Outro: Tech N9ne] I remember back in the day I had this song called "My Own Hell." It was depressing. But since then, I've created my own heaven, baby! And it's beautiful! Incredibly, no one deaded me, when it was lead at these red Dickies Nobody ever headed me, let it be, said I'm breaded, B Real light, within darkness I still fight it But if heaven is love, then this sure in the hell feel like it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Irv Da Phenom, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bad Season Song: Curious (What Up Wit Ya Girl) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Tech N9ne] + (woman) Damn baby, that was real good (Mmm, do you think they heard us downstairs papi?) I think they heard us downstairs, next door to that And next door to that, y'knowmsayin? (Hahaha) "Whoooo, Kiiiiiid!" [Tech N9ne] Yeah, that was good baby, puss crazy Could maybe you turn on the fan cause it's a good 80 in here right now, we were steamy like wow Bangin like wow, question babe, you my pal, right? This might not sound right, but your girl is down right There's clowns type and she right below us hearin our sexy soundbytes And Kutty is sittin down there with her actin like he just found Christ Tellin her he's married so I'm in a hurry to get her crown wiped Listen, I'm ready to do this thing, enough of wishin Do you think she would come up and get in our fuck position? Don't be lookin at me like I'm crazy baby, it's just suspicion And I never had eyes for your past homies, but I does for this one Cause she's a X, the Roman numeral for 10's a X and the last letter in sex, wanna smash and get her then press Why you lookin at me like I'm ig-nant? You should be pitchin this  to your homegirl then I can do both of you like a polygamist So are you diggin, it? Do you gotta get twist-ed to get up the nerve to run to her and get her in this, bed? Looks like you're stressin but the Scorpio in me ask the question I really like sexin you but the two of you would be a blessin [Chorus 2X: Tech N9ne] What up wit ya girl? I want to enjoy Would you tell your girl, to get up wit ya boy And I'm diggin on you, but I'm still curious You're lookin at me like I'm playin but I'm dead serious [Irv Da Phenom] Now babe - I'm hopin you don't take this wrong girl But ever since you came up in here wit your homegirl I had my eye on you, and her too And honestly I'm thinkin that I want you both, girl I - know it may sound a little bit ridiculous, a little sick and twisted If you ain't wit it then I would understand Cause when I'm thinkin of somethin a little kinky and freaky-deaky You seem kind of timid but on the other hand Know what they say 'bout them showers, and it must be true Look at you sittin there blushin hard and you smilin while your homegirl's sittin right beside ya Every time I look up she's starin into my eyes and I just wonder (hmmm) do you ladies like to share? Shower with each other, have you ever took it there? (yeah?) Teamwork makes the dream work So how about we take it to the room - you, me and, her? [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, I'm so street when I speak, my speech scrape the sewer I don't wanna meet your girlfriend, I want you to take me to her Uh-uh, I ain't mature I'm gettin head outside of my ride when I'm drivin, Ace Ventura I come from mad Mitten, I move two bad chicks in Like "Three's Company" honey, I know, I'm +Jack Trippin+ She like to try and kiss me She said her name was Janet, I said call me Nickel, now let's go find Chrissy I'm not gon' lick the box, but I try to keep you happy I call my nigga Big Scooby, he'll come and eat ya +Shaggy+ I know I act bold It's just that me, you and her made the perfect combination like a track code I was taught by them eaters to double yo' plate I'ma be cummin 'til one of you got the Juggalo face Woo-woooo, I'm just kiddin Though I am persistant, I got a question, listen "Whoooo, Kiiiiiid!" [Outro] Bad Season The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Big Scoob, Jay Rock, Kutt Calhoun Album: Bad Season Song: Down For the block Typed by: mistaglock@live.com [Intro] whoooooooo kidddddddd hhhhoodrich bitch! Down for the for the down down for the block Down for the for the down down for the block Down for the for the down down for the block Down, down for the block Down, down for the block Down for the for the down down for the block Down for the for the down down for the block Down for the for the down down for the block Down, down for the block Down, down for the block [Verse 1] [Jay Rock] Down for the block like Shaq O'Neal Me and my niggas hittin corners in the batmobile My block so hot so keep you enough shots You slip and you fall niggas get chalked like hop-scotch On my block  I'm in ko-hoots with what's goin on Take me out the hood but the hood will never leave me, I'm holdin on  as if I'm fallin off the edge of a cliff If I live and see 80 I'm reppin the bricks Real shit  leanin' like a syrup sipper Henny and sprite mix it up get a cup nigga Pour out some liqour for my niggas who ain't livin on the surface After the bottle we load our clips and put in work Block shit  stay in the house when they set trippin' A hundred rounds hit niggas and wet women East side N9ne-double-o-five-N9ne Watts California I ain't hard to find Shit I'm down for the block [Verse 2] [Kutt Calhoun] I'm down for the block like I'm down for my wife And if you niggaz fuck with either then it's down with your life I got no mercy for your fuck ups or the way that you behave (on blood) And represent that from the cradle to the grave Oh my partner he was taught you got to get it how you spit it Shoeboxes throw rocks hawk spit or talk shit Killer city better watch ya might get set up by some hoes Better do what Alvin Ailey do and stay up on your toes Got the dueces and the dres click clackin in the paint A hard method of surival try to shake it but ya can't Rather win, lose or draw stand your ground and hold your weight And if ya still can see your ribs get ya weight up, quit ya hate Cuz niggas know when in a food fight you wouldn't bust a grape Spike clicks probably better off choppin with The K I'm down for my block and I love my town So Killer City stand up and Kutty Cal can stay hound [Verse 3] [Big Scoob] Say the word, watch me bust your shit I'm the realest mutherfucker with this stranged out clip Suck the willa on the realer, I ain't playin with you niggas Godzilla with the milla get to sprayin at you niggas Yeah, check my history nigga when you mention me Bet they say I'm in da street ride her nigga for the V Fuck the industry fuckin what you think of me I don't give a fuck, bet you pussies be respecting me I love the block, cause my sign in the prime time You niggas faked ya steady lying in your fuckin rhymes Saw a nigga, hella twisted off the R nigga Gutter butter, I be seepin like a ball nigga Dessert eagle for the people, I be bustin lethal Know the cola for the soldier, but this all legal For the block, I'll be screamin villain non-stop 5, 6 on a mission take it to the top [Verse 4] [Tech N9ne] aye red drawers, red socks, red everything Look what they've done to me crazier than I've ever been Like I needed medicine, I don't think it's eratapheme That is seen, second lettering, This ho-head plus wanted me to rep the block Sadly I missed the block Badly and the ones that came before me doctor Bop and Rock Daddy, plus being surrounded by real niggas was my big thrill Cause I was walked up by stand-up niggas from 56 Ville They helped me get my cheese up love my K-I-D-s much Thats why I would never freeze up when its time to throw B's up We need a Jesus to relieve us when millies bust Now we're over seas plus with euros and visas 58, 57, 56, 55th thats my area and I rep it with the quick How many homies it be grips and they on the sippy trip Down for the block and it's the same shade as the homie Mitchy Slick, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Bad Season Song: Hard Liquor Typed by: mistaglock@live.com [Intro] Hard liquorrrrr Me and my people be so drunk we don't drive We take the trolley 'cause of Hard liquorrrrr We started Waldo to Westport and pee in every martini corner at the last call And we all yellin' "Is there any more?" When it ain't we go home for Hard liquorrrrr Make sure that it's mixed yeah And twist it with a little bit of lemon juice on ice get drunk on ice get drunk on ice get drunk motherfucker get drunk yeahhh [Tech N9ne] Aye aye they sayin' that I got high blood sugar So I can't drink like I wanna drink drink like I wanna know I ain't playin 'cause I love liquor So if I big drink am I gonna drink, jinxed, I don't wanna go So I go hard as hell on one night, fun sight If I'm drunk enough to start a bum fight Done right Henny, Jack and Gin, 151 Rum slight, none light Novocaine I know to blame a gun snipe on drunk life then the bar hit ya with a large spritzer Hit ya ass, get ya cash then they all richer in the draw, pitcher I'm large sipper When you wait betta hope I aint in the car with ya what the fuck hey yo Whoo Kid run that shit back god damn! [repeat Intro] [Tech N9ne] Aye aye they sayin' that I got high blood sugar So I can't drink like I wanna drink drink like I wanna know I ain't playin 'cause I love liquor So if I big drink am I gonna drink, jinxed, I don't wanna go So I go hard as hell on one night, fun sight If I'm drunk enough to start a bum fight Done right Henny, Jack and Gin, 151 Rum slight, none light Novocain I know to blame a gun snipe on drunk life then the bar hit ya with a large spritzer Hit ya ass, get ya cash then they all richer in the draw, pitcher I'm large sipper When you wait betta hope I aint in the car with ya Hard liquorrrrr I need some more Hard liquorrrrr with all the alcoholics in this they startin to the face n is there any more We even go to Wal*Mart for Hard liquorrrrr Make sure that it's mixed And twist it with a little bit of lemon juice on ice get drunk on ice get drunk on ice get drunk motherfucker get drunk yeahhh Hard liquorrrrr Hard liquorrrrr Is there any more? Hard liquorrrrr Make sure that it's mixed And twist it with a little bit of lemon juice on ice on ice on ice yeahhh hoodrich bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne ft/ Big Krizz Kaliko Album: Beef Soundtrack Song: Beef Typed by: carlosncali06@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] But the cattle had no idea when entering the slaughterhouse that they would never return So they went while the other's watch in the distance listening to the slaughtering of there own So fear and stress sets in as the other groups approached the slaughter house led by the farmer See the farmer knew that the cattle had something valuable something he wanted so he attacked and the result of the attack was... BEEF BEEF... B-E-E-F Bitter emotions envy and fear Beef Ain't nobody got no real beef with me nigga what? Every time a muthafucka come along and do somethin' It's always another muthafucka that wanna come along and stop his ass Ain't nuttin strong enough to stop fuckin Tech N9ne nigga Ain't nuttin! Ain't nobody got no muthafuckin beef with me, nigga fuck you! [Tech N9ne] Better watch ya language Niggas jealous when they women feel us We famous Gettin wit us ain't an option haters send the killas bring em Straight Angus Grade A hater Hatin' niggas that Change up You don't wanna get Banged up Fuckin around with them Strangers It better be about money And it bet not be no bitch Better go fish I don't wanna hear all the lip And if he trippin hit em with the four-fifth Wanna take it there and it's so sad Thinkin he packin a pair of the gonads What you got a little beef with me? Well I got a big fat meat loaf for yo ass Bow down Haters Turn around Niggas Go an clown if you like the way it sound Beef killas Wait a minute nigga why you lookin at me like a muthafuckin bald head when I got a head full of hair Eyeballs red wit a stare Put a nigga dead in the air Fuckin a family believe it Ill take it there Stuck in a wheelchair never gonna take another step again a weapon and the specimen I left him in a mess and I gotta Give a nigga the metal medicine and holla I ain't never gotta wipe my tears Never need a gang when I fight my fears It stops right there And continues right here [Chorus: repeat 2X] If you want beef its right here, here, yeah, yeah Cause if it's on then it's on, If you want it then come on If you want beef its right here, here, yeah, yeah If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want [Big Krizz Kaliko] Ever since the beef I been havin these dreams Of killin ya Triple beams Is spillin ya blood out ya umbilical, I I never been the killin type, but gimme the gun and I just might pull it tonight I'm willin to fight, if you got a nine millimeter I got another nine millimeter that will get you like BLAOW! Blaow, why you talkin loud now? Thought that when you was facin me that I would gracefully bow out now Can get grim on this nigga Catch him comin out the Peach Tree and stomp my Tims on this nigga That shit that you be talkin ain't nuttin but gum bumpin Bumpin the gun pumpin Mostly ya niggas don't want nuttin, nah Me and my people we done frontin In fact if we take it from wax to the streets you done done it Want beef nigga Better say that shit Cause from around here Nigga we don't play that shit Don't let part of ya speech Make you lose part of ya teeth Cause you ain't hardly hard to me if you want beef from me [Tech N9ne] Beef is when a nigga run around town talkin about you owe him a hundred g's Beef is when a nigga tell somebody he wanna get you when you hear about it overseas Beef is a nigga that's sinful Draw a wicked plan out with a stencil Tell ya homeboys falsified info And that's so he can turn them all against you Hatin on you, the bitches and niggas sayin you wack When everything you got workin is play in the back Go back to crack Go back to sprayin the gat Cause your bullshit rap don't stay on the rack 7th Heaven gonna have to put the shit on auction Cause the shit ain't poppin Nigga knew it was shockin When you was sellin cds out of the trunk in Joplin And I was on tour fuckin bitches in Auckland Regime Life nigga fuck everybody else Deuce Click Deuce Click damage ya body health Sayin nobody feel me, well nobody feel you Police tryin to tell me how to kill you When you feel you really wanna jump in the mildew Ain't no tellin what niggas with kids will do Travis O'Guin you know he got bills too We ain't the ones trippin nigga it's still you Never thought I would see the day That I would be speakin About a nigga that I called my bro man but then a nigga really got to thinkin I gave 'em 25 Thou of mine Q gave 'em 50 for no damn reason So the pub I gave you for 25 100 G's I say we even If you want beef its right here! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne (Tech9ne) Album: Gang Related Soundtrack Song: Questions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The name of this motherfucker is called Questions Rough Draft (ha ha, tell 'em) QDIII did the beat (all day all night) Whassup to everybody out there in L.A. What you really doin hoe? Why do I do the things I do? Why so many questions? What am I doing? I talk to myself... when there's no-one to talk to I wanna ask me a question: When am I gonna make it up out of a hellish and devilish way? When are you gonna make mill-ions with the dividends; when are you gonna make ends generate bread? Who in the hell, left the gate open? Do you wanna sell? Is everybody on wavelength like us? Why do I rip it in half, doobie kick ass with backwards attach isssh like {?}hap ut eallavik{?} Can you wait a minute? Can you slow it up a little bit Nina so I can get up in it? But did you really wanna dabble in fanatical supernatural lyrically radical milli minutes, I'm about to begin it Can I get some, can I spit some, which one? When am I gonna get off this trip? Can I take another peel, why do I feel like I'm a sick individual in the room, poppin off at the lip? Do you, feel me? Do you do voodoo really? Did you get it? Did you want a real epidemic? Will you let me run up in it? What's the word; is it absurd? What is that isssh you heard? Was it real, is it real, was it really real? Tech9ne in it to win it besides QDThird occurred Who's the worst, who's rastafari? You never livin never sure it's Selassie I the First brother on the planet Earth, who? Do you wanna flow; what you wanna do? How can I be in the zone like this, gone like this? How can I break the obsession? In the middle of it all, when I snap back, step back and ask myself; what, why do you ask so many questions? [Chorus: repeat 2X] Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? Do I wanna stick 'em with another hit up out of abyss? Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? Am I the pinnacle when I rep it, I'm a killer menace Do you understand.. whatcha gonna do when Nina hit you with the critical homidical lyrical killer flippin leavin you with boo-boo underpants? How does it feel? Do you wanna come up and chill - with an assassin? Can you feel it inside, what? The feeling of a commotion of two titans clashing Why me, who are you, what I am supposed to do - what a nigga here fo'? Who do you fear mo'? Is it the Nine, with a brand new joint? Like to hear it, here go What are you lookin at, when am I gonna get a dose of thorazine? Can you give me a little something to ease the pain? Ease the mayn, who's the mayn? Tech-a-Nina with the Road Dawgs and the Midwest Side Crew's to blame Can I get a little back with attack issh? What do you accomplish, ever can't you diss, diss pitless bottom of a, in you toss thou nigga ass, Babe mish Hate a playa percenter a-hundred that is Side West, Mid, down ever who off, what? Hack it, did you know Tech9ne hot like a dragon? Did you feel it baby? Can you give me a double dose of whatever the feeling I'm gettin is really pain Kobain, for anybody want a piece of this, sickness Is it a cinch to get with hot? Who, when, where what why? I'm at the pinnacle with a killer eye, do I wanna die no I just wanna dose of the most inner syringe up in my thigh, bonzai!! Now do you know what the real is? Does everybody think I'm twisted? Non-realistic or do you think that I'm gifted, I'ma live freer Can you help me? Am I lookin at you can I be peepin you from afar, please, remain calm Could you be the reason I'm a bomb straight out of Vietnam, ready to explode on Sa-tan? Tell me what the problem is, I'ma write what the bottom is Do you know what a empty column is? Am I your worst nightmare? I feel sick right there Should I blow it out, can I do without, do I need help? Am I living within a pen of demons? I'm stressing, can I get a blessing (from who?) The one who cursed me with all these Questions Some say I'm psychotic but if I have to label it, it would be -- confusion It's like I gotta write shit like this to keep my head from exploding, yaknowhatI'msayin? So many questions The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: The Lost Scripts of K.O.D. Song: Last Sad Song Typed by: Mistaglock@live.com [Krizz Kaliko] [Hook] Dont you pity me no mo just pray for me that this'll be the last sad song I have to sing and only time will tell if you stand here with me and this'll be the last sad song I have to sing [Tech Verse 1] hey  y'all know my mothers sickness y'all know I'm breakin down y'all know when my circle the devils steady makin rounds y'all know I'm missin my children cuz I'm shakin townz and y'all love my music and how sad I could make it sound I'm in the darkness so low I'm under the carpet whomever wants me to park it you motherfuckers are heartless they wont be stuck with hardships want a unhappy artist but imma break apart from this kod shit regardless of whos mad  alotta my shit is too sad like the death of micheal jackson motherfucker whos bad to jump right out of myself this shits a fight on my health the darkness is sellin but I really wana put y'all some light on the shelf will you still be able to feel me even if I'm not talkin about tryin 2 kill me the king of darkness can no longer conceal me this could be my last sad song hopin it will be [Krizz Kaliko] [Hook] Dont you pity me no mo just pray for me that this'll be the last sad song I have to sing and only time will tell if you stand here with me and this'll be the last sad song I have to sing [Tech Verse 2] yeah I want some caribou lou I wana see areolas chicks on my sholders instead of boo hoo like I said I'm too through with spreadin  all I wana hear is my peoples say tech go head and do you y'all love my pain and I was glad to give it  but most of the people who love it never really had to live it now they mad and live it  I dont want no sad to visit  my music thinkin I'm about to lose it so they bash and diss it before they even hear what I have comin this year imma be that lit spear lets get some of this shit clear I aint switchin 2 mainstream only what is happenin is  you watchin the mainstream go me so watch me bloom out of this blackened cocoon cuz if I go back into gloom I'm just askin for doom man I'm just rappin to whom to keep attacking my tombs I dont wana be melacholy til I put my ass in a tomb [Krizz Kaliko] [Hook] Dont you pity me no mo just pray for me that this'll be the last sad song I have to sing and only time will tell if you stand here with me and this'll be the last sad song I have to sing [Tech Verse 2] listen  only time can dictate if ill get straight but I'm reachin for the light as of this day I love kod but I think I made a mistake by lettin negative energy in me now I'm misplaced I lost something along the way my mama taught me bad things are wrong to say still I conjured up a album of songs to play for the dark and alot of my loved ones are gone today, damn I'm in a crossroad I'm tryin 2 go into the light like carol ann there I stand still a lost soul on the subject on when I talk low I'm ready to dangle this darkness at the top of the catacoumbs and toss those but will you still be with me  or just kill me quickly away with the darkness but I promise the flow will still be sickly I am the king and I always have the throne but I hope and prey for tha brighter day hope this my last sad song [Krizz Kaliko] [Hook] Dont you pity me no mo just pray for me that this'll be the last sad song I have to sing and only time will tell if you stand here with me and this'll be the last sad song I have to sing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Murder Dog Presents: Kansas City Song: Kansas City King Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (intro) Dem niggas is dumb niggas  disrespecting somebody that loved yall niggas.  You deserve everything you got coming you dumb motherfuckers.  (Verse 1) This ones for the rogues  this ones for the hoes  this ones for the shows  this ones for the ghettos. Repeat Hey Who put them asses in motion  Hey who flow it fast like the ocean  hey this shit is past the commotion  im bout to push it further nigga rub it in with lotion  So many posed to be holding me totally  foes to me gold to the protg his quota be so  But he alacrity rhyme  Motherfuckers know the design  How you gonna disrespect me when the whole citys mine  I been grinding like a motherfucker chasing my dream  No longer chasing I'm making my green  And it seems that them niggas talking tough shit  Not just some niggas but the hood I threw up wit Niggas I grew up wit Get this (whats that) Them niggas pissed cause I got they house note  Mistresses house note  Five car notes income tax return  and three child support checks on my wrist I'm the  (Chorus) Kansas City King  im the baddest nigga that you ever seen  you stupid niggas don't really want no money green  you bout to see me take it about to see me bling on you motherfuckers the Kansas City King repeat  (Verse 2) Down to the nitty gritty  did I say Nitty I said Nitty  cause ever since he left the shit aint been pretty  Nigga had to skip scenes when he rammed his  Dick up in something sacred  and your honor probably gave him 15 of the damnedist  When I didn't have shiza to do  I used to sit up on the block with the crew  And drank brew  Now niggas mad because I'm gone Bonjour  Stupid niggas you never see me cause I'm On tour  Stacking cash and smacking asses with the masses  You still jacking stashes gun blast's  Funny how my money it runs rapid  Labeled me a devil cause your hustling level I done passed it  Nigga Will  My nigga still  You kept it real kept it all about the dollar bill  They wrong and you know it  And I'm about to show it  since you said you was misquoted  nigga ima hold it I'm the  (Chorus) (Verse 3) Big Scoob you fixing to get schooled  How could you just diss dude  and do something this crude you  Motherfucking fool you  I taught you patterns had to combat em  cause you knew that I was a O.G like tulu  I told you lets to the group called RDV  And you said no cause aint no we reppin that R E D  Then I said fuck that  I mean with R A P  Get together and make the cheddar as far as they see  So I extended a hand  To blend wit a band  Now ex friend's wit a man they'll send to the can  When you pass me motherfuckers don't you ever ever ask me  Shit about Stuart Ashby simply because he slashed me  Who used to trust you (ME) Who slept on your couch wit a AK ready to bust who (ME)  You say people saying 57 RDVS  aint shit without me make you wanna say fuck me  Well FUCK YOU I'm the  (Chorus) (Verse 4) I started yall gangsta shit  And this the motherfucking thanks I get  You been challenging me ever since fourth and fifth grade  Mad cause you didn't get your credits on Mitch Bade  Talked to Don Juan  You don't want none  Look at you blood you just a crab wonton  Making everything black and white the fattest  Stackin relish but your business can't compete wit Travis  At its worst status  Strange will change the game  and claim domain and all the lames will ravish  Michael Whitebear you been waiting to bust rounds at a nigga  well the opportunity's right there  16 bars aint enough to express how I feel about you niggas  Now I'm wit my two niggas deuce niggas  Reign till I'm slain they will forever feel me  The only way to stop me you got to kill me the  (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Vintage Tech Song: Be Jealous Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Intro] I'm just a young boy trying to get my money on making music in KC but mitch bade niggas want to hate Tecca Nina and they wont stop fucking with me so imma fuck wit niggas Na na na na na you cannot fuck wit that nigga Tech N9ne coming wit that rough shit them niggas know that I deserve it when the heard it have the nerve to say its nothing niggas so I got to bust it (Be jealous) this is dedicated to all y'all haters (be jealous) I see you watching me when I walked in the club (Be jealous) this is dedicated to all mitch baders (Be Jealous) you motherfuckers ain't showing tech nina no love [Verse 1] Fuck motherfuckers buck motherfuckers there the pain come nigga wit a bang I'm a killa better duck motherfucker what you standing on nada what you plan to bone nada what you plan to own nada your shit done came and gone blood sweat and tears nigga been about 15 years nigga Ain't never been no fears nigga all I hear is cheers nigga thats why I be in the bathroom wit bitches at maniacs thats why them hoes in the club wit tech giving blow jobs in the back how many niggas really wanna bust gums how many niggas wanna become a was fuck wit a nigga like Tech get a buzz right thru the head and the grave is dug mean mugs niggas ain't never seen love so they stream blood when I fein bud for the green shrubs in mushrooms I bust rooms open accustomed to floating across the ocean wit verbal motion the notion is boasting I'm poking jealous motherfuckers embellish that you can say I ain't worthy for fame, biancs and relish Be jealous when you see me on the tv screen wiling Be jealous when you see me in the magazine smiling Be jealous when they let me in the club for free niggas Be jealous cause I'm bumming wit bitches around me haha motherfucker haha haha motherfucker haha haha motherfucker haha hella lit immo spit immo kick that shit [Verse 2] No more styling I'm start wiling on niggas growling on niggas and we smiling cause the villain album went 6000 on niggas in Kansas city alone you've kept the dough for mike and nitty alone Midwest side Lejo milla man I love ya but it's a pity you're gone niggas hating on mine cause they knowing imma do it big thats why the tecca nina never ever got a problem getting a gig cause I rip shit they like I flip shit that make bite when I spit shit I get rich quick I make hits for only they like N9ne milla meter guns gonna be the one making a million when I come never gonna be the bomb where I come from niggas better get some tried to be right to these niggas tried to be nice to these niggas so now its time for N9ne Godzilla to make mice of these niggas cha you envy me cause your bitch play Tecca Nina all day and you see me on MTV kicking it wit King Tech my nigga Sway broke niggas ain't friends to me you niggas really want me to disperse aight ill leave but when I come back its gonna be 20 g's a verse nigga [Verse 3] Niggas better stop talking about me I ain't did shit I don't rap against niggas stop trying to get me to rap so y'all could make grip Agony don't be speaking my name I know I fucked up on a personal tip but if you niggas talking bout you better rap motherfuckers better duck if any niggas over there on the inside perpatratin on me and my rogues them niggas don't give no fucks about how many Tech N9ne units sold and if one of you bitch niggas is saying that I'm kicking at Lejos log Lejo will tell you I'm original and by the way Lejo my dog and the jealous motherfuckers wont quit said the Calm Before the Storm ain't shit we killed y'all in 96 97 but what about when a new shit hit and I heard niggas said was washed up said that tech n9ne flow was weak thats probably why I got shit in the movies like Thicker Than Water and In 2 Deep tie you up and beat you down to a bloody pulp son got my villains and me man enough to bust one I'm the second coming but you don't know cause you dumb before I go I'll tell you jealous motherfuckers to suck one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Don Juan Album: Vintage Tech Song: Monster Typed by: Food_stamp2000@yahoo.com (Tech n9ne Talking) Yo Turn this shit up a little bit Juan	 So these motherfuckers can feel what I'm saying Yea, like that (Monstah!) (Repeat 6 times) [Tech N9ne] When I was 5 years old I relized there was a road At the end, will I get Pots of gold Kidergarden teacher knew I was impossible Gots to grow dick quick To cock the hoe Evil breed We smoke weed without seeds Do dirty deeds Beat foul fiends What the need Walk around with a switch blade In 6th grade You'll get a blade If you display you a bitch Or Mitch Bade Have you ever Sold a preacher Crack on sunday Fucked your teacher? 7th grader Under bleachers Loosing data Smokin reefer Hostla migo, hostla laygo Santa Fe hoes After I pop, I stop and lay low Damn clown from kan town Many man found Theres a monster breeding Nigga stand down! (Monstah x3) If you wanna act like me (Monstah) You gotta pop a gat like me (Monstah) Makin niggaz skat like me (Monstah) Dumpin hella crack like me (Monstah) You can always act like me (Monstah) But you gotta be black like me (Monstah) Keep huddled to your gat tightly (Monstah) Cuzz he just might be (Monstah!) (Tech n9ne) Verse 2: It must be in my blood It must be in my soul Im musty in the mud Im dusty in my clothes Dont trust me ima scrub Dont fuck with me I'm cold Im quick to hold a grude Dont touch me, I might explode Im made for wrong I spent too many days alone Blaze the bong Too many survalance homes And niggaz shittya Hit me ya Bitch I'm aa into ya Ass, just pass But leave the clamitiea [Don Juan] What kinda nigga take X But never heard of safe sex What kinda nigga never think of learnin Make his momma suck dick while he burnin [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Who dat nigga drinkin liquar While Slim Shady bumpin Who shot dem niggaz down On land and 80 somethin, (TECH N9NE!) Them drug dealers, who think they know where evil lurks now Whos that commiting sexual acts on church ground? (Chorus 2x) [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] Momma never knew wassup She never knew id turn beast When I grew up She never thought that id go nuts I hang with niggaz from the hood Who still dont give a fuck Im a creature from the black platoon Pass the shroom Blast to the moon WIth half the room Still everyone knows I been a bad boy Fuckin little orian, forrest hill cemetary The defintion of a bad boy Use to hit niggaz for runnin into us Never had joy,And I Never ever really had toys So I started playing with AK's Making hella noise Who killed fetuses Who needed this GHB to get heated Immediate We get weeded then some concieded shit Many more coming Because, Because, Because Its dark off in Kansas City The Land of Oz [Chorus 2x] [Tech N9ne Talking] Thats real Thats just a piece This is just a little piece of the story Got much much more to tell y'all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Vintage Tech Song: My Own Hell Typed by: Link10JK@Aol.com [Intro 1 (Taken from Freaky)] I really don't have to tell you much about this one because the song is like the song is like self-explanatory. You know what I mean? It's called My Own Hell. Story about me, and Midwestside, and Hogstyle Records, and people around me, and my wife, and stuff like that. Pretty personal. Real ruff copy. It's the only one we got. You know what I mean? I think y'all really love the story. People are nosey and want to know about my life so check this out; this is called My Own Hell Produced by Don Juan [Intro 2] Nigga, my life is straight conflict When all I want to do is kick it hard and make bomb shit Every perimeter I enter is infested with a sinner Seems like I'm losing and never coming out the winner Shit, I'm the only one kicking it, everyone else plotting and scheming But yet they never listen when I say I'm a little piece of love and a pit full of demons [Verse 1] Midwestside was record company comprised of all friends who grew up together and shared ends Nobody stepped on nobody's toes Don Juan was executive producer, Juan had beats I had flows Scoob and Txx Will did promotion Got it where Mitch Bade was the shit and got Kansas City open Juan got that shit to Quincy Jones through a chick named Mona Three days later Q called us back and it was on Q told us to wait on putting the record out indy The record company will make it to where we'll have plenty So we waited. Should we put this out? We debated But working with Quincy we were elated So now we on the road to L.A. and it was live till we got to Quincy's and Don Juan to Scooby and them to wait outside That's when the tension started to build Niggaz started feeling unappreciated and then shit got real! '97 Quincy called back for me and Juan I told my Rogue Dog niggaz just to remain calm I'm bout to make it so we can bling. Get us nice things and then Don Juan said, "let's mash for our dreams." Scooby didn't like the way he spent his money on promos T-shirts and money to make room for logos He thought he wasn't appreciated, Midwestside depreciated Gone for the summer and everybody waited Bakarii didn't like the fact he was down with Mitch Bade He felt that he should be the next nigga to get paid Txx Will got tired of being lectured on distribution so the anted up and started Hogstyle Records My niggaz wanted me to ride Hell yeah I'm down, Tecca Nina's on both sides Hogstyle's like "Fuck 'em, cuz they didn't believe in 57 Midwestside's the same, but the love, I'm trynna find my way to heaven Yo... This is my own hell, nigga this is my own hell Just trynna make my records sell Off in my own hell, nigga this is my own hell [Verse 2] We want to Cali to hook with QD3 They wanted the superstar to be me Kicked it with big Q off in the wild wild west they signed me to Quest Didn't know I was in for some more perspective mess Quest fighting Midwestside over a single All the way from the love angel to Chris Cringle CEO of Midwestside fighting QD over my budget QD fighting quest cuz he never loved it Warner Bros. Fighting back and forth with my artists cuz the bitch who's handling money is retarded Quest don't like Midwestside, QD3 don't like Quest and I'm sitting in the middle depressed Warner Bros send me four Gs a month I'm kickin it at parties. Liquor, weed, and cunts When everybody's fussing and fighting I'm suffering peacefully like novacaine That's because I didn't know the game Midwestside, Juan, and QD3 Q-W-E-S-T fighting over me Sway and Tech fighting Q over a check he didn't pay but I suffer. Yeah, I suffer at the end of the day Yo... This is my own hell, nigga this is my own hell Just trynna make my records sell Off in my own hell, nigga this is my own hell [Verse 3] My female friends started not to like my woman when they found my marriage was comin My wife didn't like my friends from the get go She say them bitches ain't nothing but fucking famous rapper niggaz for the grip hoes Wifey don't like me hanging out with E and Beans Cuz when we be seeing E and Beans wifey be seeing things Beans don't like Sheryl cuz Sheryl fine a hell and Beans things Sheryl will take the dick to show and tell Sheryl don't like Beans cuz Beans rude She wish Beans would go back to Chicago with her dude Sayin he don't like Dr. Wick but Dr. Wick don't give a shit Zany got Nicky waiting for the hit Wifey study entire cuz something look fishy Cuz all my relations iffy iffy Wifey thinks Big (?) would try to fuck Big (?) knew if he try wifey was down to buck Now all these niggaz in my rhyme are my people No one can save them not even a steeple could make the equal You're all my sisters, my brothers But I'm tired of mediating. I'mma sit back and watch y'all kill each motherfucking other Yo... This is my own hell, nigga this is my own hell Just trynna make my records sell Off in my own hell, nigga this is my own hell This is my own hell, nigga this is my own hell Just trynna make my records sell Off in my own hell, nigga this is my own hell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne fe/ Big Krizz Kaliko Album: Vintage Tech Song: Save Yourself Typed by: Link10JK@Aol.com [Intro - Tech N9ne (Taken from S.H.E.)] I got the idea to do this next one right after the S.H.E. shit happened So my nigga Kaliko came through and blew this shit! You might have heard it on our shows, it's a little skit called Save Yourself All Kaliko, no backround singer or nothing, you know what I'm sizzlin It was writen and produced by me, Krizz, and Icy Roc It's called Save Yourself, check it out [Big Krizz Kaliko] You can't get my money hoe, you're scheming on my wealth How about getting a j-o-b then you can save yourself I don't know why these hoes are always in my face for money Gran Rice, Kutt, and Tech N9ne said save yourself. Save yourself Gran Rice, Kutt, and Tech N9ne said save yourself (Applause) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne Album: Vintage Tech Song: S.H.E. (Super Human Erotica) Typed by: Food_stamp2000@yahoo.com [Verse 1] I aint never paid no chick to thrust Me, I never paid no woman to help me bust Me, I never needed no other chick to clutch Cuzz nina was living hella matrimony Its a must Never ever payed and came with lust My aims for trust Cuzz my womans pain is enough Dont want my marrige ending stranger then us But just here recently My brains corrupt One night my niggaz took me to the strip club Bazookas Everybody know the name of the kinda shit I'm use ta Seduca, so that means there was no clothes Got my eyes open wide Like I'm on No Doz Look at these bozos Givin double 0's for hoe shows I was cool I was drinkin my juice Wasnt really in the mood Till I was approached by a beautiful angel In the nude But I flipped my top When she sat that butter skin on my lap I was shocked Lips locked Feelin like my heart stopped She was hot! She was Carmen Electra in the chest Alliya by the waist Jennifer Lopez in the ass But she was an angle in the face She asked me if I wanted to dance on the couch WIth the look of a zombie I reached into my pouch And shelled it out Then she took my hand And led me to the land Where a man could forget about all his problems at hand The scent of a woman She wearing shenell, hypnotized by the smell A glimpse of hell and bodily melt down Is what I felt now I cam with 500 Tryin to keep it all But she want it At the ATM to get 4 more Thats for you and me, now bitch lets go Hevenly cant descibe this woman Beyond that, I feel the area bump and grind Like combat No penetration Its funny She didnt kiss me or fuck me But got away with all my money S.H.E. [Chorus - repeat 4X] Took everything that I had Made me want sex hella bad! [Verse 2] The next day my wifes checking the account She said your only bringing 4,000 a month So last night you spent 1,00 on what? A new piece of equipment For the studio But she wont ever really know That I spent it on another nude show I close my self in the bathroom Lean over the stool And grabbed my middle section tight Thinkin about the way she made me feel that night I had alot of fun Then I got one, and another one, and another one I went back that night, and the next night Repeated here I come Wife pissed cuzz I depleted all our funds She left me and moved back with her moms Im borrowing money from all my homies I know that I'm wrong But this bitch was the bomb Im paying the bills at bazookas I slip my finger through her g-sting It was tight She told the bouncers Now I'm in a fist fight You put on how you love me And how you like it rough like me All these motherfuckers and your man Cant love you enough like me I lost my life for you, my wife for you I miss you So I'm sitting outside the club every night for you Thats right for you, shit [Chorus] - 6 times (Seductive Human Erotica!) - 5x HAHAHAHA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Krizz Kaliko Album: Vintage Tech Song: Snake Ya Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] Come on my music make her snake away my music make her creep away my music make her sneak away every single day The club scene is filled wit cats who mug mean my thug team is Skatterman and Snug Brim Krizz and Grant and Kutty be my buddies wit slug beams. Joe and Nick and catty Matty open your bloodstreams. Snake ya make ya broad disrespect ya breaka breaka One N9ne grace to face wit pace ya hates the way I make raps erase ya hearts on brace so he takes echinecea I ain't come to talk about you and your girl man if I tell him what I know he'll do the earl thing It's a pity how your living in your city and your kitty is kicking wit me getting grimy and gritty aight klown I know how this might sound I heard your womans peeping I'm coming wit tight klowns we can fight now or else you can just pipe down why am I even talking to you right now I don't know what who she creep wit no I don't know who else she sleeps wit no All I know you don't want no beef wit Strange will make ya dame change and snake ya man [Krizz Kaliko] He wit this chick for like 2 or 3 years she in the club getting lose of like 2 or 3 beers ya know he done shared 2 or 3 tears before now here we go again tell you be throwing and mowing and ? mumbling something bout last night wat was this cat like wanna live the fast life make the choice let it go you can back it up and if you wanna get back wit her maybe you can patch it up She chose me to approach me to slowly poke the back out of her rode the pony and saddled her told me it didn't matter if she was unhappy she had a habit and was an addict and had to have it now her boyfriends on to us and he got beef wit me I ain't tripping got my piece wit me out numbered got my peeps wit me it's Rice Kutt Tech Skatter Snug and BG so well see. [Tech N9ne] Its official grab your pistol she told him how we make the municipal licking crystal wit mystical how I hit it was critical then I split then I missed a few rounds tech and christen you down you fished and you found y ou still insist to be clowned cause here I stand the ? in town and dissing you now I spit till you frown cause you a trick and I'm bound to tell your chick to make me rich you swim in shit and you drown I have now time for the punks I dump not eager to stick around waiting for funk to jump hes mad at the N9ne cause I put the crunk in the front you big as Sherman Klump how many lumps do you want still I don't really know who you talking bout if you don't get out my face you wont be walking out but in my mind I remember I sats it down and ate it soft cause I laugh when I told her wretch around and wrench it off cha Yo see you all in my face I'm like what I see you all in my space I'm like what I don't know your girlfriend you heard me say so I don't know the girl then Yo see you all in my face I'm like what I see you all in my space I'm like what I don't know your girlfriend you heard me say so I don't know the girl then The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians f/ Tech N9ne Album: It's On Now Song: Let's Get Fucked Up Typed by: KcRuffrydin@aol.com, foodstamp420@hotmail.com CHORUS: Let's get fucked up Let's get high let's get drunk Let's get fucked up We got that weed that ain't no punk Let's get fucked up Let's get high let's get drunk Let's get fucked up Pumpin highlanders in the trunk Let's get fucked up BAKARII: Nigga, This is Kansas City You got me fucked up Highland and Shortnitty Nigga we can knuckle up I got fifty-six with me Strickly for my rouges With me until they lift me We can meet for shows I see they lovin us So let the world know They hoes is fuckin us If not, they hoes go My villians and me yellin We relish until we perish Original rock wellers My niggas and me releasin Bone and CD's With money steady increasin For houlagans like me Money by all means Smokers gone pay for daytons Smokin on collard greens But mobbin off in a eighty 56th and highland Livin and never dieing Young, heartless tyrants BAKARII: Man yah gone fuck or what? Let's get fucked up! T-WILL: I don't think they are, man Let's get fucked up! BAKARII: Bitches gotta get out if they ain't gone fuck you know what I'm sayin Let's get fucked up! T-WILL: Here comes T-Will bringing the heat from the streets I'ma 5-6 vill You wanna drink come with me Now I'm rollin with my dawgs Nigga where yah bout to be? On our way around the park Nigga, you go get the weed Now the parties on! Got the liqour and the hoes And it won't be long Before we gettin em' out they clothes Nigga show some love Where the weed, pass the bud? The hoes wanna fuck If you can't fuck, pass the rug Let a real nigga do it! Cause you know I ain't no punk Off the fifty-one fluid Gettin blowed, getting drunk Spittin shit, smokin blunts That's all a nigga do If I get too drunk  Rogue doggin it with my crew Never givin a FUCK!! Now my head startin to spin Don't wanna upchuck Open a window, I need some wind Now I'm on the floor Nigga, leave me alone You don't need no more Too drunk to drive home! CHORUS BIG SCOOB: Got these dogs on a hunt Let's get fucked up! Smokin them honey coniac blunts Let's get fucked up Tried to quit, but now I'm back Still gettin fucked up Pump them heater, spray the pack Mic check one, two It's them rouge dog villians And we come for you Stick em up, touch the ceiling Let's all get drunk I got the thick one in the back And I wanna get fucked First night, like a mac Fuck a hoe, neva trust We all about the bucks Coch it back and kick the clutch So them fakers can't touch Master blaster cause disaster I wanna go out in a blaze Set the glass on the dasher Paw prints on my gage So much money to be made Let's all get paid Get the cluch of red spaids Good fellas on a rage Hungry, hungry eat em up It's a must that I bust When I'm on stage, on my nuts Let's get fucked up! SHORT NITTY: Nigga I will dump I got my thang off in the trunk I ain't lookin for no funk Tryna find some hoes to fuck Man, I want my johnson sucked Bakarii's puffin on the blunt While I'm steady gettin drunk As we swerve off in the burbs Rimmy got my hoppin curves Now I'm smashin to the land Fifty-six is where I'm in Now my heaters close at hand Heard these haters makin plans Tryna get me for my grands It's the world of Short-Nitty Now I got my villians with me On the corner, countin my scrill On a mission, around the balls Got to pick up one more dog He's over from Ike's up from Paul's Man, I'm speakin of Don and Questions Y'all done heard him on them records And he gets them bitches naked Man, let me hit it for a second CHORUS TECH N9NE: Nina, give me 1-5-1 With that pine up over straight Plus that Malibu Rum Got these hoes and I can't wait Yum's make me cum And the know what I want to do Get yah straight stuck Get em' all of CariBuLoom So I can fuck When I'm rollin with my dogs Hit the burb on swole Bitches know that we hogs So they dress like hoes They can come without them draws They don't get ner' dime And if you ain't with it, fuck yah Yah don't know tech n9ne I 'ma highlander, til I die On Midwest Side Never gettin drunk, I'm gettin high Bumpin cloudy eyed Givin mean mugs to my foes We can all square off Nigga we'll fight all of yah hoes We don't neva wanna talk Now the parties hella packed Hoes straight star struck Givin blow jobs in the back Bustin fat ass nuts Tell ya partners, tell ya friends Even though we thru up Fuck it, tommorow we'll do it again! Let's get fucked up! 5-6 vill, 5-6 vill, 5-6 vill "Yah drunk yet, Yah high yet? 5-6 vill CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians f/ Tech N9ne Album: Roguish Ways Song: Millenium Mitch Typed by: Chronic@TheRegime.cjb.net * * send corrections to the typist [Tech N9ne] Mitch Bade (3x) [Chorus - Tech N9ne] What is an M-I-T-C-H A nigga who's a B-I-T-C-H He never wants to - congradulate, he hates Cuz he's a fucking M-I-T-C-H [Tech N9ne] What up Mitch Is it an every day thing for you to act just like a bitch How does it feel, to have a nigga that will kill ya, for the foul shit you pitch Number one snitch A bitch with a dick I found the remedy for the enemy (What?) Bust at a nigga like shootin' at the Kennedies Cuz Mitch Bade really ain't no friend of me [Bakarii] (Tech N9ne) To be exact He's a nigga that talk but he really can't back That shit he talks so he gotta walk around with a gat But a nigga like me, (I'll knock 'em out with the force of a hurricane) The penalty from the path if you disrespect the game [Tech N9ne] (Bakarii) Now what goes on inside the mind of a nigga like this This nigga pissed Cuz I pump bout four rounds up in the trick that he's with But it ain't my fault you're a little bitch (Without yo click) Nigga run with the quickness (Get away quick but you'd best not slip) Better off with a bianca than get stuck (With an Ak-47 on yo lip) Right [Bakarii] Even if I'm lifted I can scope him from a mile away Niggaz fakin' like anticipating their doom's day [Tech N9ne] Camouflaging but I can see you acting like a bitch Which are the symptons of a nigga named Mitch [Chorus - Tech N9ne (Bakarii)] Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung There's a lot of slinkin niggaz where I come from There's another missle catcher just like him His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one (you gotsta check one) And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) [Big Scoop] Niggaz know me Big homie from the show me Cookin' up by the O-Z's Let 'em go for the low fee Gritty, grimey all day all night All I know is, get that cash Any nigga that's in my path All I know is, bust that ass Ain't much changed Villian Still with this game Villian Still dubbin' that 'caine Poppin' our vein Fuckin' yo brain Villian But Mitch done made his way and slithered in our shit again It's 2K2 and now we dealin' with this shit again [Txx Will] Now look at this nigga let that pussy get him whipped See us lookin' from the club and he wanna trip That's when I peep this nigga had a weakness Don't wanna start no street shit Not over this freak bitch He should be glad that I showed him You can only trust a cock about as far as you can throw him So let that trick do just what that trick do Or get labelled Mitchell And smacked with a pistol [Chorus - Tech N9ne (Bakarii)] Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung There's a lot of slinkin niggaz where I come from There's another missle catcher just like him His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one (you gotsta check one) And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) [Bakarii] Toss it to Bakarii Bitches mackin, feelin Doin' my dealin' I hit the pussy first night then escaped like a Villian You takin' her feelings and give her diamond rings and things I'm tappin' the pussy and bustin' head, fortune springs a Villian You better watch her man You better stop her man She's with my dogs at the mall better drop her hand Cuz she's addicted to them dogs with them roguish ways Who chop up ? and throw them things on that Mitchell Bade [Tech N9ne] Cruisin' down the spec with (Who?) Texas, action, neckage With a sex kit And Tech got the best bitch (Chu) But her nigga's on some next shit (next shit) Cuz she tested Tech's dick for breakfast Stress hits, domestic Go! Nigga wanna get up in the thing wit' me For a bitch who never ever meant a thing to me (Boooonk) Nigga wanna and come sing with me for a bitch that wanna do a tagteam wit' me (Boooonk) Never ever been a thing to me to get bitches up in the middle of a thing? with these ('Iaaancs) Mothafucker wanna strangle me (Zoooonk) It ain't never been a mothafucking thing for me to (Duuuump) Once again Mitch Bade Gets played Nigga should've never layed with a stray hoe Pimp shit displayed This way They want a nigga when they hear him on the radio Like a bitch I call ?? Back in the club she's down on her knees Lickin' my balls Out of my drawers Ya nigga bustin' like "Aw naw!" Playa haters wanna box with a boot knock (Cha) Cuz the hoe bitch blew me out of two sock (Cha) So we do it in the parking lot I heard a nigga bust two shots (two shots) ? with a thing that I knew pop (knew pop) With a whole lot of Hoo hop Nigga you can bet when his crew got hit, a mothafucker with a heater 'Bout to do a nigga prrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaah! [Chorus - Tech N9ne (Bakarii)] Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung There's a lot of slinkin niggaz where I come from There's another missle catcher just like him His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one (you gotsta check one) And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum His name is Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) Mitchell Bade (Mitch Bade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Travis Barker f/ Bun B, Tech N9ne Album:Give the Drummer Some Song:Raw Shit Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4]  [Verse One: Tech N9e] This that war this  From the King of Darkness  Can't stop this mob shit  Awfully heartless  In a minute, toxic, caustic  Coulda lost your optic  With a millimeter boss  Get soft in it  Pissed off this mosh pit  Einstein, Tech N9ne shines  Behind thine rhymes  (I'm signed to mine flyin')?  To find fine wine  I can design lines  That'll get me to climb dimes  (Pieces, them fine beetches  Never tweet and just grind blind)?  Get up out this pit  You without sickness  Better get in the back of me  Before your mouth get split  Never look at a killer nigga  When you're on the curb  ?? Get to pokin' out  With some ladies do  Think they man enough  With a gun they be through  But if Tecca N9na said  He (crew)? with it  In a blink, I would do  A 180 too  [Chorous] (We off what we all)?  Sick and (frost pit)?  Everybody bosses and y'all is  NAUSEOUS!  Be cautious  We all trip and raw  It's brawl til we fall in this mosh pit  AWWW SHIT!  It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4]  [Verse Two: Bun B] In the middle of nothingness  I'm the light in the void  Sittin' on big rims, swollen  Like they been takin' some 'roids  You scared partner  Cause you look kinda noyed  Like I'm about to put hands on you  Like Pretty Boy Floyd  I got 'em sick mayne  Somebody call a specialist  Tell these haters, "Fall back  And get up off that extra shit"  Who want what with us?  You gon' be the next to get  Smashed up but your (cuffers)? on it  You'lla buy the naked shit  Quit acting like what it is is  And it's gon' be  And you got no say in this situation  It's all me  They know me well from Third World  To Zone Three  And we gon' take this movement  From Long Island to Long Beach  Two trill, Wes is on the horizon  So when the sun shinin' on us  It shouldn't be so surprisin'  You know we plan on you demisin'  So playa you gon' be six feet and under  While I'm 300 feet and risin',  BITCH!  [Chorous] (We off what we all)?  Sick and (frost pit)?  Everybody bosses and y'all is  NAUSEOUS!  Be cautious  We all trip and raw  It's brawl til we fall in this mosh pit  AWWW SHIT!  It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ Nate Walka, Tech N9ne Album: Friday Night at St. Andrews Song: Believer Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nate Walka] Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh {"Honorable C-Note"} Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh Make me a believer Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh Make me a believer Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh [Chorus: Nate Walka] I want what I can see I want what I can see Just one thing to believe Just one thing to believe Make me a believer Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh Make me a believer Whoa-ohh-ohh-oh-whoa-ohhhh [Bizarre] Look at the sky, it's raining outside But I got too much pride just to ask for a ride Hold my head high, never ask why Never ever ever seen a grown man cry They took Bugz, and they murdered P Sometimes I ask the Lord, why he ain't take me Sittin by the beach, starin at the ocean Kickin these raps that's full of emotion Suicidal thoughts, goin through my head Bizarre is alive but Rufus has been dead I'm runnin out of time, I'm runnin out of rhymes Grab the +Tech+, cause I'm runnin out of +Nines+ [Bizarre] And I believe, that I'm gon' make it Don't ask for shit, man I just take it Detroit, Michigan, home of the broke dreams Abandoned houses, known crack fiends Man I'm on lean just to escape reality I'm losin weight, and I ain't countin no calories Ain't no salary, they done closed down the plants Green failin parentin, I'm stayin with my aunt Who gon' give me a ride? Who gon' take me to school? Who gon' help momma out when daddy actin a fool? The D, watchin my people get slaughtered Hurricane Katrina, went out the water Who do you believe in, Heaven or Hell? College or jail? Bed or a cell? Who got my bail? [Tech N9ne] Mom's steady sick and it's right to the point where I need her to be coherent cause Aaron's 'bout to be blarin through speakers But it won't reach her when research feed her meds to get weaker How can the devil play her world when it's so beneath her? Give and ye shall receive and yet she's the receiver of seizures and fevers, that's why I stay Ebenezer That's why you hear sorrowful messages through your tweeters Feelin my pain at my show in the front row and the bleachers God seek her please so she breathes deeper Not a preacher, free be disease either On my knees for weeks, hurry retrieve her Really need your deed to make me a believer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chino XL f/ Tech N9ne Album: RICANstruction: The Black Rosary Song: Hell Song Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Chino XL] You not gon' believe this! This is really happening Everybody stand up, oh! Tech Nina, Chino XL, everybody rise! [Chorus: Chino XL] {*w/ M.O.P. sample*} {"FIYAH!"} It's like hell on one song {"FIYAH!"} It's like the whole hell on one song {"Untameable, non-flammable"} One stage, one hell, one song [Tech N9ne] Instead of hard-ass niggaz they bring women in They mimickin men again, when it spin it's frickin feminine Shit is sugar and cinnamon, this is hood and it's hittin adrenaline Sinister sin again, niggaz diminishin Finishin punks, let thy fags bat they eyelash I clash with industry enemies, kiss my ass If you think you runnin with my cash Ain't no tellin what kind of the calibers fly past S-woopin is my lieutenent so I'ma shoot when it's boost-idded My crew spit it like Amaru in that "Juice" fliddick Knots around his necktie is loose fitted Nina left 'em layin like a razor blade noose did it, who's wit it? Tech Nina and Chino's Katrina, flow wreck and kill Nemo Best team up with lingo that'll bring us more chips than casinos Now everyone's paid, maybe cause the gun's played Nina and Chino XL, one song, one stage [Chino XL] I will smoke you, like a detriment to the environment While you stand at astonishment wonderin where the sun went Abandonment and war hesitant after the message I sent You're prayin that I'm Catholic and murder's what I'm givin up for Lent The road that I'm travellin is sharper than a surgeon's scalpels when the screams are deafer than a militant Adam's apple tacklin Acid affluent feelin like a slave when he was shackled in More beefer than even the IRS and Willie Nelson was in (ohh!) Makin the venomous cringe in the hell that it's in The misfortune torture scorchin my skin, skill injected into my skeleton No embellishin, +Poison Pen+ prodigal Protestant Modest and bothersome Taino with a hatchet walkin in bloody moccasins Been particularly partial to hide a harsh arsenal  inside of sparse hospitals, spacey bars like Mars completely orbit you Ain't a record company that can market you Chino the narcissist, heartless hunter I will carcass you (yeah!) When God said "Let there be light" I said "I got you my nigga tonight but that's only cause you asked nice" My occupation's spit sick lyrics outta my mouth I clocked in the job when I was 9 and I'm never clockin out Face it, every verse Chino basically kills So I stick to the script like an actor with no improvisational skills (crazy!) Dudes mad that what I'm recordin is more important than adoptin an orphan or Slick Rick bein deported or them bootleg Jordans you wore when you're tourin Florida Fallin for a foreigner whorin a Porsche, now she extortin ya Sorry you can't get my warrior formula, you're too dumb Screamin 'bout money and bitches, nigga you ain't got neither one (nah!) The verbal clergyman servin disturbin effects with permanent Terminix for ticks that's comin out the woodwork next Cartridge spitter, survivin the harshest arctic winter Lethargic winner, sinner, still centered as one of God's incredible carnivorous critters, sicker with the killer arts Chino did for lyrics what the movie "Jaws" did for sharks (get 'em!) Lyrical Jesus and Tech N9ne spaz promo, pass loco Y'all rappers are mad homo, Chaz Bono's [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clay f/ Tech N9ne Album: Let Em Bleed Vol. 3 Song: Let's Ride Typed by: mrmist@msn.com (Hook: DJ Clay) (X2) When you see me in slow mo once I turn my back You wanna talk real tough but you not real like that So let's ride  (Verse 1: Tech N9ne) You don't want to try me Leavin niggas soggy heated repeated the Nina be hot as wasabbi Feelin the fury of missouri sicker than ozzy Laughin at playa haters gigglin like fozzie Wocka wocka wocka the nina poppin your shockara bout to stop up and lock up office I got the body Out at mecropolis fuckin offa this pop of this toss em off in a ?? cause murderin is a hobby You be actin like you bleedin the block Preachin crack and rap and you needin to stop We can wack wax and imediately flop Be the type of crap that indeed it be brought The want the drama it can be they way But they don't really wanna see the ninay spray Let em all bleed it can be they day Fuckin up with Tech N9ne and DJ Clay (HooK) (Verse 2: DJ Clay) You don't even know me Actin like we homies Then when I turn my back when you hold me Pussy motha fuckas the ones we call phonies Keep talkin that we leave yo momma lonely All black van creepin down your street slowly Doors open up and we leave your home holey If your not in then we know where your hoe be Barrel to her head while I'm makin her blow me Listen For all you fake flakes givin real a bad name You can save it cause we can see through you Like glasses what you was made of I'm a let the oozles like I'm not aimin Make you loose noodles and I ain't talkin ramen Garentee you ain't leavin with what you came in me and tech n9ne will pray for you amen (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Insane Clown Posse f/ Hopsin, Tech N9ne Album: The Mighty Death Pop Song: Skreeem! Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Good news We coming SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah! Hopsin! Wicked Clowns! SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah! Tech N9ne! Oh! Oh! Oh! [Shaggy 2 Dope & Violent J] SO WE GO phantom lungs Southwest strangla here he come's And I'm the duke here to rock the place Crack a faygo & sock your face Let's run to the graveyard quick, fast Dig up a body & kick it's ass Live life like some kind of dream That your face get off & SKREEEM!!! Psychopathic, luni bad shit Off with your head when I swing my hatchet Once it's gone you can't reattach it Volleyball it, toss & catch it One of my nutbag itch, I scratch it Your soul, right out your throat I snatch it Juggalo love can nothing match it Blew out my mattress fucking fat chicks You never been cute bitch scrub life Till' my dick shoot goob on your dumb wife When the hate on my group I become hype Stab your belly in a suit with one knife Deep in my head pressure rises But we love being who the world despises (AHHHHH!) And that's a just a taste Inhale it bust one nut out on your face SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! What the fuck like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Busting up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Up & up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! They can't stand me but can't command me [Hopsin] Hey bitch hopsin's here Stick your tongue when my cock is near I ain't about shit but a lot of nonsense yeah I'm a asshole hoe & I'm not sincere Come sit on my lap your a hot mess dear Your face kind of ripples a lot that's weird I can tell feces smell that's all over your breath you've been smoking a lot pot this year What I'm yelling out I'm a motherfucking beast & a freak when it's usually the truth (True) And I can give it to you anyway that you want it baby just let me know what you want me to do I'ma keep it raw (Raw) I'ma keep it ill (Ill) I'ma a psycho so I never want to chill (Chill) I figure by looking at me that you would know the deal My penis is hard why don't you come & feel Oh my goodness it's coming [Shaggy 2 Dope & Violent J] I feel it building in me (It's coming) I'ma let it go, fast (It's coming) So much weight on my shoulders (It's coming) Let my volco blast (It's coming) I just can't keep it in me (It's coming) This shit I can't get passed (It's coming) So much stacked up against me Snap. At. Last. Just. SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! What the fuck like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Busting up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Up & up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! They can't stand me but can't command me They can't stand me but can't command me They can't stand me but can't command me They can't stand me but can't command me They can't stand me but... (The death pop) [Tech N9ne] So damn sick I shock hoe's Fuck em' that's my motto Said it gonna be done tomorrow You fucking mothafackos' All the mushroom's ex & lean It'll never take away this dream Check out the way that I bust a scene Fucking the industry I'm making it scream Hi motherfuckers Why motherfuckers Thinking I can lose you can die motherfuckers They saying I'm a thief & I'm a still a type of god? Whoever saying it is a god damn lie O-W-H-H! Off with his head You really don't ever want to see the boss in the read How can a stupid motherfucker talk when he dead? I'm leaving you niggas deep in the mosh give me cred For being a innovator How long you've been a hater? You want to start it up nigga I'll be the generator Telling your team this is a murder machine Don't intervene cause' the drama I bring it'll make a motherfucker SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! What the fuck like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Busting up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! Up & up like a wild banshee SKREEEM!!! AHHHHHH!!!! They can't stand me but can't command me [2x] [Boy 1] Ya'll about to get SO beyond fucked up [Boy 2] Yeah that's what I'm saying go for it Tod! [Girl 1] Haven't you had enough Tod? [Boy 1] Enough of your mouth, fix me up a fat rig [Boy 2] Tod's fucking crazy man he's the shit he don't give a fuck man that's awesome [Boy 3] Alright it's ready this shit will for fucking elephant Yeahh [Girl 1] Tod!? your face, it's turning blue! [Boy 2] He's fucking blue dude! Awesome! [Boy 3] It's called smurf it You want the rest Tod or what? [Boy 2] Yeah man fucking go for it! [Girl 1] Come on that's enough already please just stop it [Boy 3] Whoa man that's it he took all of it [Boy 2] Yes! [Girl 1] Are you alright Tod!? (The death pop) [Boy 3] What was that? [Boy 2] Is he dead?....Awesome! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Insane Clown Posse f/ Bone Thugs, Esham, Kottonmouth Kings, Tech N9ne Album: Forgotten Freshness Vol. 4 Song: Thug Pit Typed by: mrmist@msn.com [Layzie Bone] Wicked Wonka, baby [Violent J] Halloween! Hallowicked Wonka....just 18 months [Violent J] I brought a bat to a mosh-pit (Well what you do then??) I split some craniums in half And caved a few in Before long I'm standing there alone I shut the party down For Bone Thugs, Tech N9ne, Kottonmouth and Esham [Layzie Bone] In...coming, I'm running and dropping them bombs Still gunning, I'm willing and ready for war Get down with the clowns from ICP, B-O-N-E And the Kottonmouth Kings, bring it how we bring it doe For the wicked wonka, Halloween [Violent J] Smoking hay, hey I'm Violent J hey, we screaming may-day 'Cause Bone and ICP a fucking pay-day We give away hey But we already millionare rapper Hater slappers, wicked shit believe it though We tight like alligator snappers [Layzie Bone] Don't run dawg, we gun clappers Bitch nigga slappers and hoe mackers City street slicked rappers But better known as wig crackers Lead packers, ask my nigga Tech N9ne Cock it back for Esham And let it loose to they spine [Bridge: Judge D, Shaggy 2 Dope] An we mashing, we stomping We wicked wicked wonkin' [It's wicked when you walking Within the thug pit) Yeah we mashing, we stomping We wicked wicked wonkin' [At this kind of mosh pit you get your wig split) [D-Loc] Who the motherfucker in the pit talking shit? (Shit!) Who the motherfucker that want the wig split? (Split!) Who the motherfucker that's down for the krown? (Krown!) Who the motherfucker in here right now? [Shaggy 2 Dope] Shaggy jumps in the pit With these hatchets and swingin' them Strictly for the purpose of splitting some craniums Shit, we be illuminati at this thug pit though Treating fake thugs like a hoe, tell 'em D-Loc (Spit!) [D-Loc] What the fuck you thinking, you can stop my shine? Put your money where your mouth is, I'll take every dime Then run down the line, damn right I'm getting mine With a fine ass bitch, getting head, sipping wine [Shaggy 2 Dope] Hallows Eve, Halloween, Hallowicked all the same Fuck a trick or treat, I treat a trick with some game Every year we lace the stage, with the wickedness It's the wicked-wicky wonka, baby try an get with us [Tech N9ne] It's that nigga that be on blood shit Tech Nina off in a thug pit Fuck with the KMK, ICP, Bone and you'll get drug bitch Celebrating for Samhein (Witch Killaz) If you don't wanna come with the wickedness A nigga wanna slam Strange I don't wanna hear a damn thang [Daddy-X] Mashing off from city to city We sparking fifties and fifties Crashing after parties Fucking and sucking on titties Ducking and dodging the coppers Ain't no one out there that can stop us Dropping that shit that be popping Making it hotter and hotter [Tech N9ne] We man handle them Fucking and crushing on man's camera Busting bright red bandanas Bitch where was your antennas? When I was trying to stick it Wanna show a nigga how she lick it? Motherfucker this is how we kick it Thug whiling on Hallowicked [Jonny Richter] Bud so fine fine, toking all kinds With Tech N9ne, getting more love Sipping on hen, with Bone Thugs Kicking Faygo, and smoking more weed with ICP It's motherfucking Richter from the Kottonmouth Kings [Hook: Layzie Bone & Violent J] It ain't nowhere to run when you in the thug pit (Kottonmouth Kings!) [It's wicked wicked wonkin within the thug pit) We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit [In this kind of mosh pit you get your wig split) It ain't nowhere to run when you in the thug pit [It's wicked wicked wonkin within the thug pit) We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit [In this kind of mosh pit you get your wig split) [Krayzie Bone] It's mista sawed off leatherface I bring the pain, and bang a nigga brain When I step on the plate Guard your grill, cause when my niggaz start to ill It's hard to chill Motherfuckers end up in the graveyard for real (Whoa!) [Daddy-X] I ain't got a million dollars bitch I'm fucking broke Spending all my change on that endo smoke All the bitches on the road, scheming for my loot They get nothing but dick, and a steel toed boot [Esham] Fuck Proof, every Halloween, I dress like a bag lady Then I ride around with my .380 looking for Shady If I catch him at the shelter imma pull his file Chop his head off, and bury his body across 8 mile [Daddy-X] We drinking drank (Drank) We smoking dank (Dank) Mobbing through these streets like a fleet of armored tanks (Tank) We dropping bombs, underground bombs Fuck the whole industry bitch, bring them on [Hook #2: Layzie Bone & Judge D] It ain't nowhere to run when you in the thug pit [An we mashing, we stomping We wicked wicked wonkin') We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit [Yeah we mashing, we stomping We wicked wicked wonkin') [Hook # 1: Layzie Bone & Violent J] It ain't nowhere to run when you in the thug pit [It's wicked wicked wonkin' within the thug pit) We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit [In this kind of mosh pit you get your wig split) [Violent J] Hallowicked Wonka 2003, from us to you [Layzie Bone] We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit We just some Thuggalos and Juggalos on some thug shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kottonmouth Kings f/ Tech N9ne Album: Kottonmouth Kings Song: F.T.I. 2 Typed by: mfdoom42@gmail.com [Talking] That's why you, you gotta go You gotta fuck the industry, you know what I mean 'Cause the industry's trying to fuck you! Hahahaha.... [Hook - All] They let us in, now they want us out (you better ask somebody) They chasin' fame, they can't figure us out (you better ask somebody) They wanna know what we all about (you better ask somebody) So here we shout, fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! [Verse 1 - Tech N9ne] You know what it is, punk Time to get it poppin' and get this bitch crunk Kansas City kid, with the Kings Causin' calamity, dammit we bring Heat, with just thee right flume Yes, meet my crew On some F-T-I two Just 'cause we underdoggin', that don't mean we under y'all and On tour like a motherfucker gettin the dough Everybody know we thunderballin' But the industry's lame Scared of these colors, scared of these brains The fuckin' industry is scared of me man Been in this rap game, for nineteen years In nineteen years, it's been a minute, since I've seen tears These frightening fears right here have made me strong as hell Superstar, bring my partners along as well I told y'all, we road hogs Fuck this industry I fold y'all, with this roll call (roll call) Dog, X, Richter, Loc, Bobby, Pak, and Tech Independent figures 'cause nigga we vets [Hook] They let us in, now they want us out (you better ask somebody) They chasin' fame, they can't figure us out (you better ask somebody) They wanna know what we all about (you better ask somebody) So here we shout, fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! [Verse 2 - D-Loc] Industry, bunch of punks All these fools, eat 'em up Spit 'em out, on the flo' Let 'em know, we 'bout the flow Hit 'em high, hit 'em low Hit 'em good, here we go Hold 'em down, hurry up Dot his eye, split his lip Put that shit up We're the Kottonmouth Kings and we're that click bitch And we don't give a fuck Now if you wanna see deuce click (? ? ? ? ?) So sit back, relax, shut the fuck up, and cock calhouns [Johnny Richter] Now I'm out to help you understand where the fuck I'm comin from It's Johnny Richter, but this weekend, I'm the chosen one And that right there is the reason they pissed I'm eternally rich, besides the fact I'm fuckin they bitch Been doin this shit, for ten years (ten years!) And I'm still here (still here!) Now I ain't goin nowhere, let's make that real clear Tecca Nina and the KMK mob We stay on our job motherfuckers Just check the (?) [Hook] They let us in, now they want us out (you better ask somebody) They chasin' fame, they can't figure us out (you better ask somebody) They wanna know what we all about (you better ask somebody) So here we shout, fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! [Talking] Don't play that game, play your game You know what I'm sayin? Fuck the industry That's what I say [Verse 3 - Daddy X] You can't believe we got this industry scratchin their domes Packin' shows from coast to coast, every cities our home You better ask somebody, who holds the key And my peace to rock a (?), said I'm X Daddy I'll leave you laid out, played out Reachin' and graspin' Hopin' to get a piece of this here underground action You should get bitch-slapped just for fuckin' askin You'll start to burn like a chemical reaction [D-Loc] Double dash, in the s Where the weed, where the hash Light the blunt, feelin' good In the cut, what the fuck! Give it up, give it to 'em Set 'em up, roll right through Knock 'em down, pick 'em up Now we know, that's all them hoes [Hook] They let us in, now they want us out (you better ask somebody) They chasin' fame, they can't figure us out (you better ask somebody) They wanna know what we all about (you better ask somebody) So here we shout, fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! Fuck 'em high, fuck 'em hard Fuck 'em low, show to show, let 'em know (let 'em know) Fuck the industry! [Verse 4 - Johnny Richter] You see, I don't give a fuck about no magazine covers 'Cause the fans, they love us And my band, well they're just like my brothers from another mother No other way to break it, I'm down For fo' with six KMK members is raised to the crown [Daddy X] (?), put 'em up high Kottonmouth Kings on the track, the greatest rapper alive Tech N9ne with KMK, fool, who'd ya think? You can etch it in a (?) with permanent ink We survivors here, free and clear, not like I need it Just a fat beat, laced right And a blunt to get weeded (Just a fat beat, laced right And a blunt to get weeded) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ 816 Boyz Album: Kickin' & Screamin' Song: Abu Dhabi Typed by: AZ Lyrics Abu Dhabi (816 Boyz!) Okay! Abu Dhabi (Ain't we sicc boy!?) Okay!? Abu Dhabi 816 Boyz! Ain't we sicc boy!? Are you really goin' to say that buddy? We getting money over there Getting money over there Getting money over there Getting money over there All night and all day [Krizz Kaliko] Pull up in a 96 Whoopty Whammy 816 Boyz got that grammy My baby momma's momma told me she can't stand me Rollin up with hella BOOM screamin' like a banshee Get that Arab money That ABU DHABI Keep a hand on in case they try to rob me Tryin' to get that paper Tryin' to cop that money Drivin' my scrapper around like A BUGATTI ABU DHABI is good but too much We keepin' everything hood that we touch I like it I love it I want some more of it I say Don't know ABU DHABI You gon' learn today! Okay! Look out! I'm on my ABU DHABI I'm like UH YES! ABU DHABI All night and all day! Is all good! Is all ABU DHABI [Kutt] My life is all ABU DHABI Are we oh, we can't be baby they be hatin' lately maybe cause I made a crazy statement When I bought the black on black In the range I be rollin' New crocodile skin thangs on my soles when I be slidin' through the function like a Spike Lee movie On my Kansas City Ice Tea Movie Like excuse me You must be from Ireland Cause every time I see you my penis is Dublin, Dublin MVP? Check nigga 2 years in a row? Check nigga A Wayne verse? Check....well? Yeah Techs got it My nigga! Abu Dhabi I'm good All I need is a check nigga Money, family, loyalty Most of all is respect nigga Got it Look out! I'm on my ABU DHABI I'm like UH YES! ABU DHABI All night and all day! Is all good! Is all ABU DHABI [Makzilla] PAUSE Check twitter it's trendin Real DJs go ahead and start spinnin' I know it's the fifth time everyone has requested But don't be a bitch like the Grinch who stole Christmas ABU DHABI it means it's all good Wishin' ABU DHABI is like wishin' a nigga would I cant be ABU DHABI means I can't be touched If you got me ABU DHABI you got me fucked up Whoop Whoop! Whoop Whoop! Whoop Whoop! For the family! Sha shake sha shake shake ya ass hottie Wanna see ya hands up in the party Now that, now that's Abu Dhabi. Look out! I'm on my ABU DHABI I'm like UH YES! ABU DHABI All night and all day! Is all good! Is all ABU DHABI [Tech] AYE! B-U D-H-A-B-I PAY me crew, he pay nay, he die!! PLAY me through, DJ make me fly!! AWAY! Yeehoo cause we h-a-p-p-y!!! Humm du la la of my skrilla la la Well some milla ya yes I feel you mama Some after some everyone wants to call ya la la For ya dolla la la!!! Yes! Whole lots of money, intrigue ya! I go money crazy psycho like Libra Dough in my jeans make me lean like Pisa So when you see me say ABU DHABI my niga! Look out! I'm on my ABU DHABI I'm like UH YES! ABU DHABI All night and all day! Is all good! Is all ABU DHABI [Kutt] Now who wants a cookie? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ 816 Boyz Album: Shock Treatment Song: All Gas No Brakes Typed by: AZ Lyrics 816 Boyz! Ain't we sick boy? [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] All gas No brakes All ass Gon shake We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it, do it [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] I'm tryna get tall (so tall) I don't remember Same as day n cold (so cold) Calling December Wanna get at ya so I'm acting like I'm shy Then I'm grabbing your (armways[?]), you try to walk by (How you doing?) Bought a couple of shots of Patrone Hands all over me, won't leave me alone (Green light!) Now I think I might take her home One more shot in the bottle Got my liquor weed gone (Hey!) Now we in whip on the way Told her I got a blind boat and you can know where I'll stay I was until, she the same way She said "I'm ready for you to kill it" I'm like okay! (Okay!) Got it right there in car Club around the corner We don't have to go far Gave it up easy, cause she know I'm a star All gas no brakes, I ain't talking bout my car [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] All gas No brakes All ass Gon shake We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it, do it [Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun] I gotta rough Carabou Lou You can guess what's next If you didn't know that I'm the bunk rock king Let's bet, that homie I'm bout to get it, get it Straight to the mall and hit it, split it Stroll that dough [?] and wants to find now She split it, with it I was all gas, no brakes Kutty Cal gave her something She prolly didn't want to taste So I told her, mama give it just a second Then it prolly won't be so Until I hit her with the flex again Then I'm screaming "Oh!" [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] Give it her cricket if you're with it And pure wicked, you gonna get just [?] a sure ticket [?] stick it N9ne has got your bodily, fine is what you gotta be Vaginas were comradery, cause I'm a hot commodity I am such an animal, I am not a human being I just want my antidote, wrapping her whore like it's screw between I don't give a damn if it is black or european Pumping the gas, her ass, she for shoulda cream [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] All gas No brakes All ass Gon shake We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it We gon do it, do it, do it [Verse 4: Krizz Kaliko] Yep baby got a nice face Big booty and a tight waist And if I tip her, she might shake That booty up in my face [?] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Kickin' & Screamin' Song: Can't Be the Only One Typed by: AZ Lyrics What you're lookin' for is amazing But I can't keep you waitin' If I go away But what I'm tryin' to say is I can't be the only one This whole world's participatin' And life's the game we playin' And if I go away I wasn't meant to stay And I can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only Yo, we livin' in the last days Baby if you know my kind, I ain't got time to be livin' in the fast lane I played my last game, clock's over fourth quarter Cheaper to keep 'er, never misses Watson in the court order Caught the love but saw 'er The one the maddest program that thank you mam, lam bam and now they that order Party your heart I can never slaughter The statues I'm in love with your daughter, takin' it further Cause now she got a baby that she carry, a pittle pattle, review the feed of my heart beat I gotta work cause we gotta eat And it's too many fishes in the sea Keep my pole to control what these devilish bitches want from me Grass is greener on my side of the fence, it's even good when it's tits We prayin' we stay together, that's our defence See I was wrong but I'm right now, went dark but it's bright now Will I be like God's son? and I can't be the only one What you're lookin' for is amazing But I can't keep you waitin' If I go away But what I'm tryin' to say is I can't be the only one This whole world's participatin' And life's the game we playin' And if I go away I wasn't meant to stay And I can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only Yo, live the real life, what it feel like? To have a famous individual is real nice He has inhaled type skills for poppin' pills pipe drill It feels right kill 'til night then heil sky When it gone, but a brother got many things That would cover 'bout any dream But I love 'er not any means No multiple gagin' or the one to form any team Even if you lived in lake shore you're cabri green And you know that, that it's hard to chew on that You want that? When he's tourin' go nobody, screw on that Please break it, Polly's takin' number 3's late If you thinkin' about getting it deep when he's gone then he's crazy Cause you see him 'bout once a year When you do it shows But you say you love him from his head to his toes and he believed you That's just like a human thinkin' with the only right form Given that booey so I can't be the only one hittin' What you're lookin' for is amazing But I can't keep you waitin' If I go away But what I'm tryin' to say is I can't be the only one This whole world's participatin' And life's the game we playin' And if I go away I wasn't meant to stay And I can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only If hip-hop just died this morning, I'm resurrecting it Protect the neck of it way up, grab the best of us resefilis The follow us religiously like we Baptists and Methodists I haller after you kid of me of havin' to ref with this I eat eat eat MC's for breakfast And heat-seek geeks if they speakin' reckless My speech seems lame like a gleem in necklace Why y'all geeks follow me every Tweet my message V.E. Lee he speaks this too deep For you to see me if they speak queef through your teeth and ski You'll never beat me, we are lookin' for a pot of gold Baby sellin' me your records for we owe without sellin' our soul Some men got the pipes for it (song) But they pay 'em real nice for it Michael down that's the best that ever did it I mean that I should quit it I'm done and I can't be the only one What you're lookin' for is amazing But I can't keep you waitin' If I go away But what I'm tryin' to say is I can't be the only one This whole world's participatin' And life's the game we playin' And if I go away I wasn't meant to stay And I can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only one Can't be the only Can't be the I can't be the only one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Shock Treatment Song: Elevator Typed by: AZ Lyrics (Top floor, party on) [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) [Verse 1] Come take a ride on my ele-elevator I ain't got to make her, I ain't' got the chaser She chose me cause my pockets made of papers I chose her cause her booty mash potatas go (up, down) Like a roller coaster When I ain't around she be kissin on my poster I'm a dip in it like it's the ocean Then slow down like slow motion (HEY|!) She show me things in the Mezzanine It's lookin like the biggest things Kali ever seen (Aha!) Gettin' hot, don't wanna over cook it The elevator got her walkin crooked Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you move it like that (like that) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you would if it's Krizz (kri krizz) [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Hey sexy girl, real thick girl I'm tryna take you to the 13th floor She say it don't exist, I say it's total bliss She told me what the hell you take me for We at the Weston, baby do the math This elevator glass, look in you can see the shaft That mean we hella exposed, so baby come out ya clothes And you can pose for the city, let it see the ass We got to 13, she was flirting I was smirking, elevator jerking So much, baby couldn't get enough It was like the elevator got Stuck! [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you move it like that (like that) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you would if it's Krizz (kri krizz) [Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko] Blllll sticka ha ha ha sticka She a little different when she of a little liquor On that potion, blowin, swollin Got my vote and what she's promotin She light, bright, damn near white and I'm on it (ok) Chocolate, walk on quit, and I want it (ok, aha) And even though I got papers on it She ride my elevator like a pony [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) Elevator go up, (Elevator go up) Elevator go down, (Elevator go down) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you move it like that (like that) I bet you move it like this (like this) I bet you would if it's Krizz (kri krizz) [Outro: Krizz Kaliko] Party people, party on the elevator like (Hey!) Party girls, you can ride the elevator like (ding) Kali baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Shock Treatment Song: Freaks Typed by: AZ Lyrics Freaky freaky freaky people Freaky freaky freaky people Freaky freaky freaky people Freaky freaky freaky people Those freaks Look at their hair Look what they wear Everyone stares (Look at me!) Look at those freaks Look at their clothes Everyone knows It's a whore show [Krizz Kaliko] I never fit in with the in crowd So me and myself, we play penpals (WOW) And when I got older I freaked out The crazyness, startin' to leak out (NOW) And when I met this crazy dude He told me eatin' MC's was his favourite food He had me really whiled out Tryin' to dye my hair Yo I'm already funny lookin', give them a reason to stare But juggalo's and juggalette's, again We take a note for when ya left, discend And that's supposed to play my mec, this in Cause if I don't, then I'm a check, ya chil-lin Somebody take the top of my thinker I'm mergin' in your lane and I ain't usin' a blinker Cause I get the people off their seats On they feet, they see freaks [Tech N9ne] I don't, have Nothin' in common with the rappers, past Because I never went to gym right after, class I never liked sports Or any sort of events on the court, I abort Immediately, They label me conceded Really I just needed to be Free to be leaded my leader Preceded to read it Superceded to greet it my creet it Beat it, defeat it People heat it, they can eat it for me I think different, I just have to do me With the painted face Go ahead and laugh but you'll see Got the woman that you never get act so loosely Round the Nina baby Ready to sass seduce me They don't really care I read up on Manson Son of Sam, they answerin' For a killer Kansion Freaky dreams of tamprun, with a sexy van But a booty like Allena Hansen, Dancin' [Krizz Kaliko] Now look at Tech N9ne with his painted up, Painted up face Blame it on him, and it ain't a disgrace Look at how they wear their hair spiked up In a crowd mosh pit, setting way turned up The songs, it's all about drinkin' and sex What you expect? Do you even think about the effects Of the kids that's lookin' up to ya It's up to ya We take our middle finger and turn it up to ya Cause we tattoo everything, and pierce everything We drink every day, and smoke ever green Generation X We put the rap in the sub burst Punk rock in the projects The snake in the back is back And if ya hate, better wait Better play the back Cause they scream from the nosebleed seeds On the feet, the meet to see freaks Now freaky people clap your hands like this Freaky people clap your hands like that Now everybody clap your hands like this Everybody clap your hands from big Pruis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Shock Treatment Song: Get Around Typed by: AZ Lyrics Kali baby! [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] Gave me gave me, you not offer baby, shame on you Now I'm naming you with gangs of babes I gave it to Now it's front of you, I know you know I want it too We stay cuckoo cause I get around [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] (I get around) Just let me do what I do (Don't hold me down, down, down) I wouldn't do it to you (It's alright) If you wanna act like a hoe (For one night) As long as you know (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh [Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko] 'Scuse me, what you want from me? Sme shoe, what they want from you? Whatever happened to the groupies? Who wanna meet me just to do me We ain't gotta get off crazy I ain't called ya, now ya hate me [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] (I get around) Just let me do what I do (Don't hold me down, down, down) I wouldn't do it to you (It's alright) If you wanna act like a hoe (For one night) As long as you know (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh [Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko) 'Scuse me, what you want from me? Sme shoe, what they want from you? Cause I get around like doughnut, don't I? Boner, bigga boota (yeah!) Said anything to make them come out they living It's Kali, a magnum for the women You gave it up cause you was not at my show I'm going just till they letting me go Talking with fans, they like Kali sound But don't falling of with me, baby! [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] (I get around) Just let me do what I do (Don't hold me down, down, down) I wouldn't do it to you (It's alright) If you wanna act like a hoe (For one night) As long as you know (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh [Verse 4: Tech N9ne] I'm an amazing Living a making And no vickie completely I'm taken Into the muttin but I'm leaving her something Got her something, but I'm leaving you money For the wanton Many moves I get it Any poon I wet it quit Can't let it sit, I ain't got no etiquette Women are fetishists, eat em up like lettice And feder, chedder and then my vendetta [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] (I get around) Just let me do what I do (Don't hold me down, down, down) I wouldn't do it to you (It's alright) If you wanna act like a hoe (For one night) As long as you know (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh (That I get around) Way-oh, way-oooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Genius Song: Get Off Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Krizz Kaliko] See it's gon be a lil different tonight I think I'm a bag me a stripper tonight You might think it's funny, but I don't Want me to spend some money, but I won't She said, "I love it when you touching me" It's twenty bucks but you get one for free Let's sneak off and get it on Do it for they end of song And do what you want to do to me [Chorus: x2] She told me to do it (do it like you do it, do it) Doing it till you get off Baby that's how I get off She told me to do it (Do it like you do it, do it) Girl you gotta take it off Baby let me break you off She told me to do it (Do it like you do it, do it) Doing it till you get off Baby that's how I get off She told me to do it Take me, take me You saying my name Mama I'm doing the same Until we get off [Tech N9ne] We were out on the town Woman that's grill we throwing down Have corn fallas and columbia winery reasoning We swolling now Baby girl wanna take me home I put the flow with your music and a/c on I'm a tell her that she made me pumped And getting me horny enough to make me bone When I got to the crib nigga it was poppin, no stoppin On the couch to the floor then the steps and the feeling was shockin, bunnocking Then my door bell rang (ding-dong) I really want somebody to leave me long But it was the next door neighbor with a bb on Maybe we can get a threebee on She said to me "could you keep it down a lil bit You two got my bedroom shakin I can really feel it Would you like another girl Does your girl like other girls If so I know this here will take you to another world" Came in and we're right to it Didn't have to caribou lou it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ 816 Boyz Album: Neh'Mind EP Song: Get Throw'd Typed by: AZ Lyrics 8-1-6 Boyz Ain't we sick boy [Verse 1 - Krizz Kaliko] Kali BabyGet 'em daddy I came here pretty big night I can't remember it I'm drunk my breath is all one I might need a dinner mint A couple of strong ones and then a couple of shots I'm getting all one, ok I never take the wrong one can make anything I can pull I'll take a tall one, Ok Make my drink too big to hold and make it pretty cold and I'm too drunk to even speak nigga ass is pretty show'd If I could just be off my seat and I getting mold And drink you under the table I'm talkin bout Lets get Throw'd Pop-a-pop-a-pop-a sip hit the floor Ima turn it up and make it gold Go many, go many, go many, go many Lets get Throw'd Ima have a heart attack [x8] MakzillaTalk to 'em [Verse 2 - Makzilla] I'm Desi den sober sin Fellas leavin' cups of lean Celebratin' soups of through cups of lou I'll scream saloub Whatcha waitin' on? Get your drink on Everyone in 816 knows not into a friend Of a ten of a ten of a ten so unattractive My crew consist of 816as who take that slang And add some liquor make her chug-a-lug Till she starts to hiccup a thing for good A think clone tatted up real thick and wild so Lets make like a realas burnt thing zillas Lets get Kutt Kalhoun soo wooKutty Go ahead [Verse 3 - Kutt Kalhoun] YEAHBLACK GOLD sick'em Kutt the room bottle service Mister melvadear I'm the worst When it comes to touchin' my lips with liquor I do to fifths what I do to verses, Kill them Nigga might lose his shirt, 'cause I'm too beserk when I'm jagar bombin' I feel it, right up your hoochies skirt cause this erk the jerk is My fame, my mind, and I drop my draws and get naked Just my hat and tat to my necklace Soft as molly what you expected drunk like 40 bins and I'm wreckless If you born to party I'm the wildest one in my clique when it comes to drinkin' man It's breaking news when I'm pervy call me Ron Burgundy cause I'm the anchorman [Verse 4 - Tech N9ne] 4 hoursemen I'm drinkin (whats that?) Jack Daniels (yeah?), Johnnie Walker(yeah?), Jim Beam (what?) Jose Cuervo (huh?!), throwin ups what I'm thinkin! At about 7 of those Level a bro, wakin up sick is inevitable, head on the flo where it keep me! That'll get me throwin up that neeses, or a beef on bun on bread with a B.B.! I get so throw'd I mess around and wake up off in Mexico! So drunk that the killa cartel put the chainsaw down then accept a bro! So drunk on a hella late night I stumbled into Texaco! Askin for lexapro! Come on! LETS GET THROWED! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Kickin' & Screamin' Song: Hello Walls Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Hello Walls [x5] [Krizz Kaliko] Is anybody listening? It's like I'm yellin but I'm whisperin It's like it doesn't even matter Talkin fast, but it's idle chatter If you can feel me hear me out I've got something to talk about I promise I won't waste your time Never mind I'm like... [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Hello walls, hello ceiling No one's home and I'm feelin All alone lone lone lone lone lone Hello bed, hello pillow When I'm high I still feel low No one knows me like my things but no one answers when I scream HELLO WALLS And I keep feelin invisible [Tech N9ne] Layin in this bed I fear Me fillin my brain with some leads right near I think if I do this my head I clear Or maybe I should overdose on these meds right here Every time I get ahead a wall hits me fall quickly yall history when it came to my art history it was iffy The laws just be raw this we call shifty Tall chips to fix me balls stall that be all thrifty I don't let nobody see my pain Behind these walls bet this blade'll help me see my veins cause these walls are cavin in and this ceiling's gettin closer to me Everybody is unhappy with me and takin away all my does a doosy I feel so helpless and nervous that I will go ill so freakin real though and spill slow Caribou coffee tryin to stop my boulou nill so my grill show daily But now I leave tears upon my pillow Right now I'm real low so [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Hello walls, hello ceiling No one's home and I'm feelin All alone lone lone lone lone lone can you hear me Hello bed, hello pillow When I'm high I still feel low No one knows me like my things but no one answers when I scream HELLO WALLS [Krizz Kaliko] My life is looks like a party that never ends I can't tell whats business and whats friends I think they pretend to like me and then I'm slightly gettin thrown off my look Now why they phone off the hook huh Tryin harder to make it through the weekend I try to push it farther to act like I ain't speakin I walk through the door There's no one else to walk to I talk to the wall there's no one else to talk to And I keep feelin Invisible [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Hello walls, hello ceiling No one's home and I'm feelin All alone lone lone lone lone lone can you hear me Hello bed, hello pillow When I'm high I still feel low No one knows me like my things but no one answers when I scream HELLO WALLS Hello Walls [x5] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Genius Song: Hum Drum Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tech N9ne] TECH to the N-9-N-E I really hate when my lady ain't around (si) When she's away, I'm straight feelin' down Yes my euphoria button's off for sure But when she comes through the door (We on the floor) We on the floor Makin lovin so hot we so in tuned when we knock boots You say you wanna get freaky, baby I'll never stop you I need (need) your lovin' and when it's away I'm CRUSHED! More viewers a must and never can love me enough [Verse 1] She got my nose too wide open, I'm hopin' I can see the fire for the smokin' Baby steady ready for the pokin' Abstinence is revoltin' On Cloud 9's where I'm floatin so Just stand in attention like super troopers We off the Oompa Loompa I wish this whole world was just the two of us What we gon' do wit' us? Lovin is new to a few of us but if they hate you to be beautimous How much can they pay to lay with an angel get off in the uterus? Nada for grabs ever since I had us See they keep talkin' it just don't matter (don't matter!) They love Kali, Baby, lay me down on the sheets, sweet half on the baby Crazy, insatiable, greatful, I'mmma stay faithful, too low without you is too painful (Takes a puff) One hit and you'll forget about it, I'm numb My pitfall's my withdrawl from you when I'm hum drum Hum Drum means she ain't around, I feel like a loser She the only one if she wasn't I would choose her lover girl make me feel super duper Baby have me holla like Hummina hummina hummina Hum Drum she the reason for me breathin' So done every day she be leavin' She gimme love from the week to the weekend Baby have me holla like Hummina hummina hummina [Verse 2] Uhm uh, I be trippin off ya sorta like I kinda like ya Give me ya lips so it'll turn into an overnighter I can't lose you. I'm a lover, for you, I'm a fighter Stay with me we can make it right (make it riiiight) Hand over keys to ya I'm on one knee for ya I'll make a plead for ya L-O-V-E momma Never second-guess the affection Comin' in your direction You'll be my comforter, I'll be your protection Oh I think she like me Better yet, I know She be textin me messages endin in "X and O's" When I'm in it she lets it go Reach her pinnacle and lets me know Can't keep my tentacles off her I mean I can't let her go She's a dime, gets inside my mind every time She know I love you when I'm from behind So if you got the love bucks threwin' Watch what ya doin' the beautiful ones'll hurt you everytime leave ya Hum Drum Hum Drum means she ain't around, I feel like a loser She the only one if she wasn't I would choose her lover girl make me feel super duper Baby have me holla like Hummina hummina hummina Hum Drum she the reason for me breathin' So done every day she be leavin' She gimme love from the week to the weekend Baby have me holla like Hummina hummina hummina The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//bigkrizz/shock/killshit.krz.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//bigkrizz/shock/killshit.krz.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Shock Treatment Song: Rewind Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] Remember your brother your father your cousin your friend Life ain't over now matter of fact is just began I'm on a mission this is just the way it had to be Can't be mad at me cause I'm tryin ta feed my family When ya think of me picture the sad little boy ya know that's trapped in a grown man And when ya picture me see me in the world full of fans alone and far from his homeland Cryin in repetition feedin his family bein the definition of hard core And tryin ta be what you expected out of me Gotta be proud of me without slavin over an hourly I know it's feelin I've advanced in the dark keep tamperin with what I'm so inammered with in his heart Gotta come better be better than the average competitor when I'm impressin the press and execs etc It's lookin like it's easy but it easily eats at me people need a piece of me but home is where I need ta be If you lookin for me and don't see me just leave your loved ones for months and see who still want ta be me If you wake up and I'm not there cry for me cause damnit I swear nothing can ever stand between us but time rewind If you wake up and I'm long gone close your eyes and play my song nothing can ever stand between us but time rewind [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] If I could rewind time I would de-beast me have you behind n9ne baby cause I'm crazy Do dirt to a kind lady. At first you were mine maybe. That hurt you but lyin baby Cause I was gone and physically gone and spirit gone mentally long gone Lookin out for the nigga that get near it? Now when you come home Some of the jon is you dearest I put a million on it you that thinkin of me when you hear it It's cool tho rappin should'ntmake you let you boo go especially when the man is workin takin joo doe back then I was strugglin baby now it's a new show. instead of a maybach I guess you prefer a pujo And night your callin my name n drive him insane incredible pain you got with no monitary gain I'm sorry baby that's coming from the heart of the n9ne I know your thinking of me right in this moment wishing you could just rewind [Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko] Bet you just wish I could just rewind time work a 9-5 wouldn't have found n9ne Coulda just found time to kick with all who that I've neglected and find my place a blank face in a office space cause I can't get it right get it right everybody I kno be steadily mad at me cause they be callin me ringing my phone wanna know what's the matter with me when I'm traveling I could just put the whole city behind me never let anyone find me drop off the face of the earth my vacation hurts them the worst ya explain it to my wife why daddy gotta go bye bye live out his dreams so bye bye and dry I the eye eye of my son and tell him why daddy been gone so long only seein him off and on and tuck him in for me and maybe when I get back he'll remember me and cry for me the big guy who had me and would gladly die for me and why you sitting idly wonderin what's inside of me rewind the times when we kicked it right along side of me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Shock Treatment Song: Simon Says Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Female] let's play a game of simon says!? {Put your hands up like your get held up Make a lot of noise like your getting felt up We gettin money there ain't nothing you can tell us Do it! Only when I say so. only when I Say Simon says Put your hands up like your get held up Make a lot of noise like your getting felt up We gettin money there ain't nothing you can tell us Do it! Only when I say so. only when I Say} Kali baby in the building baby talk about it Heads too big ain't no room to walk around it I'm off in the clouds, I can't be humble, can't be grounded When you see the king kneal to the ground, make a fist and pound it Follow me like I'm your new leader, school teacher I'm the head coach and you the cheerledaer, in a school bleacher Me and Tech like the double creature feature Heat ya up shitting on you niggas Damn we leave the seat up [?] Posted on the throne with my feet up I'm Tee'd off, cause T9 dun drank the KC tea up (oh man) So how low can you go Nobody make a move until SIMON says so [Tech N9ne] Only when I say so, only when I Say That some polturgiese lingo that was put on me in my day When my money was in my A When my homies were in my way Now these ronees [?] attend my showees And their wanting to spend my pay (HEY!) Simon Says Go snow Let these hoes know Without no, oh-oh, better get steppin they get no doe But slow grow make a bro grow, here go the mojo (Bounce) (pogo pogo) up, down Till it's rojo Your gunna have to listen to Tech Nina to rhyme his dance To the diamond encrusted snake and the bat with a diamond hand You'd rather be spending your time in better gi-mer stad [?] But the N9nes and SIMON says you'd better do what ever the fuck! SIMON says [Krizz Kaliko] Stand at attention to your heiness Comin for your heiness when niggas be way behind us Strange music if you can't find us, you got on blindness Steady mutiplying your money be in the minus (ok?) Follow me like religously, bitches be Chocolatey, pop-top-ly, rich and have a Bentaly Mentally fly as an eagle, oh I think they like me, distorting my ego (kali-Baby) Fans do what I command them Rapper's don't talk to me Tell em I can't stand em and umm? If your hands still in the air wave em like you don't care and you can swear by my anthem The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Kutt Calhoun, Tech N9ne Album: Genius Song: So High Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Greetings earthlings I am your new leader follow me up in the sky I am oh oh so high I'm so high I'm so high and I ain't coming down to keep him come around you'll Watch him he goin clown you I'm so fly I'm so fly and I can fly around you'll never Coming down true kinga let em crown you [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] Coming in for landing when he touch down people actin like They can't stand him but they can't handle him bare foot and you can't sandle him Even if I was outta my shell baby you could'ntscramble him tend them even with A tan I'm brighter than ya'll bladed and hated slayed him and never did I fall Your a belly I'm an oscar your emmy I'm oscar slow moving I munatch ya And mature enough to not tra were the realist super ify imitation and your An imposta when I tell you I'm high I'm skyscraping observin this vertical while you watching elavate and think what if you was up in the atmosphere you could see the whole atlas Here is a record just incase of my absence so when I say I'm getting high I don't need no lighter of matches I'm so high I'm so high and I ain't coming down to keep him come around you'll Watch him he goin clown you I'm so fly I'm so fly and I can fly around you'll never Coming down true kinga let em crown you Ta-hahaha Ayo Kalli watch this [Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun] I control the doplar reading it's mr rain man and his aqua feening High I'm too high above you hobbits meaning I'm way too big for you to interveen Or see me Kutts cocky and arrogant Yes like the american government you in trouble when it's involved in a terrorist threat Show up and blow up but never seen the smitherings from tore up my clothes are the same thing as grenadine Kutty the bloody machete equal to sarengetty From BLEVE to feature you muthafuckas ain't still ready Wicked indifferent on the tip you don't qualify for for those that I mention I'm gonna take you ya don't qualify for boom shaka ahhh shaka khan Bringin the triggers you niggas didn't stop the non-sense Since I was a kid I been advised and tried to stay fly I'm so high I'm so high and I ain't coming down to keep him come around you'll Watch him he goin clown you I'm so fly I'm so fly and I can fly around you'll never Coming down true kinga let em crown you I'm so high [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] My ears are poppin everytime I wake up I'm off in a beezy baby wanna get the nookie wait for my penis High as a comet I put the rock all up on it I get supersonic and I never shoot it up into venus I be the space invader haters ain't mattering haters in heaven I cannot get all the chattering You wanna see me, ya better bring gods ladder and I run a ring around all over like saturn n They call me conceeded and they get mad at me But they know that ain't nobody as bad as he You can't get on my level with pawn strategy Cause I'm gonna continue to defy gravity Look up in the sky baby I came up flamed up and ready ain't nobody can tame us Try to come and get us with something that's hainus Man I'm puttin my foot in uranus I'm so high I'm so high I'm so high and I ain't coming down to keep him come around you'll Watch him he goin clown you I'm so fly I'm so fly and I can fly around you'll never Coming down true kinga let em crown you I'm so high I'm so high I'm so high [Outro] Follow my afterburna the wick close it might burn ya stay on the ground let ya learn ya Extraterestreoul away up in the sky I'm so high The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Tech N9ne Album: Kickin' & Screamin' Song: Spaz Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Automated Voice] While listening to this song take it easy Don't dance or make noise at all Please don't march or scream and please refrain from any erratic behavior Never mind, go crazy [Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko] (Spaz on) Both in the 70's, 80's baby, I'm a cause to the death of me (on) Yosemite level, middle finger's up to haters who slept on me (snore) Although you may say this, you'll take it back to stick your riders in heaven at (war) Me you are related, you pat fucking, back stabbing, livin' on different rap (you) And I ain't aimin' for the middle, tryna eat and get the viddles, I ain't talkin 'bout a little bit And I ain't ashamed to be the Mental Giants protg, many niggas is getting blown away Nickname kali baby, women on my men, I see them goin' crazy And if you feel the same as me come on and go insane with me If you feel like you'll go insane then Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! Everything you think is not the same, still Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! If you test the water prepare to swim Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! You might just go crazy instead of them Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! [Verse 2: Krizz Khaliko] Kali baby, do what you never did, come to get cheddar, enough that I get it (around me) Let them be getting some money, twitter it, you niggas actin' confederate (nina) People react just a minute ago in tv and all off in the video (genius) Ohkay oh-oh I'll say it again if you didn't know (watch me) Ba-ba-bablin' better than half of you rappers, I spit like a javelin (stop me) Trapped in the traffic compadiris, you niggas earthlin' and I'm off of saturn and (me) We'll be the bestest from the midwestest, go get your people, your men in here (flee) Cause I can damage it, you niggas amateurs, I'm son of sam and I'll handle it (uh ohh) If you feel like you'll go insane then Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! Everything you think is not the same, still Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! If you test the water prepare to swim Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! You might just go crazy instead of them Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! [Verse 3: Tech N9ne] (Dwam) Incredible to the be back in medical procedures with kaliko slicin ya (ham) Don't no body go hard as a motherfuck but just the murderers you hear in this (jam) You don't ever wanna be the one to get it When I rattle and you go psycho, go sick, and crack on top of the beat (ben) I can be real onery my personae be all you gotta honor me (the king) Better believe us We will level you negra's Like a devil deceiver's rippin you to pieces screamin' on Jesus Chopin' the big boss, often awkward profitable thoughts will profit often cash They make rappers lose it off of the music but never to be home and take cause I'm a spaz (uh ohh) If you feel like you'll go insane then Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! Everything you think is not the same, still Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! If you test the water prepare to swim Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! You might just go crazy instead of them Spaz! spaz! spaz! spaz! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Krizz Kaliko f/ Kutt Calhoun, Tech N9ne Album: Vitiligo Song: Where You Want Me Typed by: AZ Lyrics So ah after this dance maybe we can go back to my place have some donuts and milk, listen to a pop tune baby What kind of man would come and stand [?] What kind of girl would give it to you the way you want it and make believe you was lovin' And we grindin' and you look in my eyes and I think that you think what I'm thinkin' And you touching me softly and taking it off all my money is leavin' You see I keep trying to leave but ya (got me where you want me) And I keep on trying to go but ya (got me where you want me) I don't need no more to drink cause ya (got me like I like me) I thinkin' you want me cause ya (got me where you want me) Round two baby Strip down to your birthday suit give me that sexy dance I can give it all to you give me that sexy chance And it's turning me on that you're leading me on and I think it's on now You movin' too slowly give me what you owe me all my money is gone now oooo give me like I like it oooo give me what I want it oooo give me like I like it oooo You see I keep trying to leave but ya (got me where you want me) And I keep on trying to go but ya (got me where you want me) I don't need no more to drink cause ya (got me like I like me) I thinkin' you want me cause ya (got me where you want me) [Tech N9ne] Got me where you want me by the way you work it Damn [?] (Got me where you want me) (Got me where you want me) [Kutt Calhoun] uh call me your long lost one night stand until I'm found and then I ah commence the beast and unleash this is so profound ah nah nah got to show your body, what form why you should probably aboard a gigantic Charlie and ?Donkey fuck? you man You know you naughty plus more the reason to [?] Let Kutty kutt ya, I'll lace the tuna its nothing to face the rumors I'm bluffin' when I'm the brother that's up in the [?] Ruffin' it up, tuffin it up, any little kinks and I'll be touching it up got this freak [?] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kutt Calhoun f/ Tech N9ne Album: B.L.E.V.E. Song: N A Whitemanzeyez Typed by: dont_playa_hate_playa_appreciate@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] No more speaking that black male oppressed shit! Full speed ahead, none of that retrogressed shit! Looks can be deceiving, know that seeing is believing! Black muthfuckas on a quest for retribution, overdue for the retrieval [Kutt Calhoun] I'm a nigga with no fame, a nigga with no brain, a nigga with mo' Kane than Abel I'm a nigga with no change, a nigga with no pain, a nigga that won't change a fable I'm a nigga that's hardcore, a nigga that starts war, a nigga that's far more than war Thinkin I'm a nigga with a whole lot of venom; but don't nobody know that I'm sentimental I'm a nigga that's so trife, a nigga with no life, a nigga with no rights at all I'm a nigga that's so hype, a nigga you won't like, a nigga that don't like the law I'm a nigga that stay keyed, a nigga that smoke weed, a nigga that pop B's and E's Please believe he's a thief; reefer leak through the streets to the beast he's a link Why - am I treated like a redheaded stepchild? Why - can a brother get ahead of the mess now? Why - do you think a black man gon' step down? Why - 'til the inner city heads get left out? I - never met a black or white with no pride, never met a man in life who won't try To do what it takes to make a quick rise anyone in the way of fam is gon' die So all of you Nazi Aryan nation placin hatred 'cross the nation Racin, for segregation, fuck your regulations Anticipations on yo' gay administrations Makin weightful statements, you never make 'em, in a whitemanzeyez [Chorus x2] I ride for my people I die for my people Stand high on my steeple To lies treating people Devils are one sided Spirits are misguided Thinking that black birds don't fly In a whitemans eyes [Kutt Calhoun] I'm a nigga with no start, a nigga that get hard, then be in carcerated I'm a nigga that you brought, a nigga that you fought, a nigga that you taught the hatred I'm a nigga with no hope, a nigga who's so broke, that his whole life's a joke With nothing to gain and everything to loose, hell if that ain't lame, then I'm the same as you (huh) I'm a nigga with no skills, a nigga with no mills, a nigga with Po' children, nigga that go steals A nigga that dope deals, a nigga that wont feel the pleasure of more fills with leather I'm a nigga with hard time, a nigga with barred lines, a nigga with art crimes to go With the life of stars, I'm a trifling' star, fall right in the arms of your woe Do you feel I'm a get what chu' gave? Do you feel I'm a minimum wage? Do you feel I'm a impotent slave? Answer this..? feel me with this rage "In the words of the late great, I'll probably be murdered for this shit that I said I speak the real, be a legend, breathin' the dead." I ride for my people When it's time, when god is my witness Die for my people When it's time, I'm bombing with viscous lines When I speak it, from the mind, and I'm sufficient Prime, rhyme and reason every time In a whitemans eyes [Chorus x2] I ride for my people I die for my people Stand high on my steeple To lies treating people Devils are one sided Spirits are misguided Thinking that black birds don't fly In a whitemans eyes [Kutt Calhoun] The black the strong The heart the lone Rough the times In a word on my own The stress the crys The truth the lies That bless the lives In a word all alone Death, demise Reject the spies Respect will rise In a world so prone We be never be no equal cause You be devilish people so Could you take a couple seconds out of your time So I can really voice what's on my mind Look into the eyes of which is not blind And tell me what you see when I tell ya i'ma strong Muthfucka, Independent with long-gevity And I'm a benefit, it's on! If you thinkin' I'm illiterate (hit home) When you hear how a nigga spit So richeous the nicest You hate that you like it I give and take through this crisis So whites and afrkids fighting for life But I got Mexicans and Asians beside me Even Caucasians and Jamaicans taking stand in America what's right This is a war, and you loosing with un even scores One for my your hate, three for minorities and even more (Backwards Talk) Reach through my blood and pour Pour Liquid expanding, vicious explosions the final score [Chorus x2] I ride for my people I die for my people Stand high on my steeple To lies treating people Devils are one sided Spirits are misguided Thinking that black birds don't fly In a whitemans eyes [Tech N9ne] If Denzel Washington can do it - I can! If Forest Whittaker can do it - I can! If Ving Rhames can do it - I can! If Don Chino can do it - I can! If Percy Miller can do it - I can! If Spike Lee can do it - I can! If Colin Powel;; can do it - I can! ... If 2pac can do it - I can! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kutt Calhoun Album: B.L.E.V.E. Song: Real Sex Typed by: dont_playa_hate_playa_appreciate@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] Hey!! Step right up muthfuckas And get all the pussy you want This is the place where you can get all types of pussy!! We got.. Black pussy, White pussy, Mexican pussy, Chinese pussy expensive pussy, cheap pussy If you can find pussy cheaper than ours! (FUCK IT!!) [Verse 1 Kutt Calhoun] Now take my bitch She won't complain bout shit Cause she's my hoe Kutt is known for tossin' the dick Cause when I'm fuckin' Ain't nothing more that I do best Than Beat it up, leave the bra, tired of breath I'm talkin bout (real sex) Something regarding the nookie This act don't call for a rookie You get this barred if you can't submit me Or call for the pussy Your resume of the way you lay When you serenade it Yonkers, secretions what I'm speakin Is how you demonstrate Can't be no punk with it Thrust the cock back, with the hump in it Grab the bitch by the hair Put your thumb in the booty hoe And tell the little heffa what you want with it You gotta be, down for the booty bang Bottom line this all, cause the money mine All the nigga really want is the pooty tang And I'm a sign your pity on the rent a kind (Yeah) And there's a whole lot of shit to say Bitches love it when the dick stay hard Swithcin' positions to find some missions We'll pull her card Which one's the victum (Aey!) Lick some and get cum sprayed All over the chest With the less You get a double dose of dick a day (Hey!) (Real sex) [Chorus Tech N9ne x2] oooh la la la la Give it to ya from the back and the side no panties and no bra Let me get it mama (hit the na na na na) (Real Sex) oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, yeah! I love it when ya do me like this Baby Bubba and I like it when ya make it do that (Real Sex) [Verse 2 Tech N9ne] At the hotel after the show The sack 'n the flow Never really matters I'm attacking the hoe I'm mackin' her thou Really slow mo' I'm never kickin the Willy bobo Like a pogo - stick Got your wife screaming oh no - Dick! In her face on the low oh - Shit! Got her thinkin' bout a choo-choo lovin' me give me Moo Shoo Pussy Boo-Koo On the side of the bed and the back of the couch Dick slapin' it south Tecca Nina is a lot to be bragging about I be stabbing it out 69 and the shit be mine liking 'em young but not young enough to get me time i gets behind its a hot and deeply time i stick it in her and the bitch be cryin' you let shit declined I like froggy style Then I crawl right into that doggy style I'm hella ready Ima' call ya Betty and Betty when ya call me, call me Al Cause it hurts But ya can't take it home so ya get it in spurts That's how evil lurks Come off with that skirt I make the twat twurk Cause I'm givin' you the works I wanna a give it you You wish ya nigga would do What I do - So you wanna go this a-way? I got ya pussy to chew i got ya nookie to do fuckin' the hoes got the niggaz in disarray Scorpy hoes represent And fuck bitches in a bigger way And do every lil thing that nigga say Fuckin ya good You get-cha double dose of dick a day (HEY!) [Chorus Tech N9ne x2] oooh la la la la Give it to ya from the back and the side no panties and no bra let me get it mama (hit the na na na na) (Real Sex) oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, yeah! I love it when ya do me like this Baby Bubba and I like it when ya make it do that (Real Sex) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kutt Calhoun f/ Krizz Kaliko, Tech N9ne Album: Feature Presentation Song: School Daze Typed by: skittle9023@yahoo.com [Intro] Girl: Hey Melvin, I mean Mr. Kutt Calhoun Kutt: Hey what's up girl, how you doin Girl: Heard you on the radio, y'all doin ya thang Kutt: Yeah yeah you know, tryin to get the money man Girl: You should give me your number so we can go out sometime Kutt: Oh fa sho fa sho here it is. 816 Girl: 816 Kutt: 777 Girl: 777 Kutt: 9311 Girl: 9311 Alright I'm gonna give you a call Kutt: Alright do that baby alright Girl: Wait a minute, 777-9311? wait a minute nigga, this ain't no god damn number this a song [Kutt Calhoun-Verse 1] I ain't gotta fabricate my past, I always done had bitches You can ask the teachers, principal and his assistant They know about Melvin Calhoun and they can tell ya I often had my way when it came to them Isabellas But this is bout the bitches who wouldn't give me the digits The time of day not to mention or kindly hate when you spoke to them You in her vision, you know that you lookin crispy But all of a sudden she turn her nose up when you be closin in You know the kind that was prissy and acted rude Dressin sexy and she was cool cuz her nigga was outta school Now all I gots to say now is bitch you a fool You too late up in this for now the bitch heard me on the radio and now she wanna holla Imma Keep that in mind while you steady standin in line Waitin for your shirt to get signed and what's goin on through my mind is She was a dime, but I'm seein now that the time And the firmness of your behind has depleted, you ain't that fine trick [Pre-Chorus-Krizz Kaliko] Now I can say, that the night has turned to day And yeah you hurt me, but you ain't worthy You need to get played, cuz I remember way back in the day [Chorus-Tech N9ne, Krizz kaliko] Back in the day, she said she didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW Way back in the day, she said you didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW girl wait a minute [Kutt Calhoun-Verse 2] Hey I remember you, used to be the most popular girl Walkin around in the halls of Central High School For your sake, let's use cade name Tisha Always in Nautica shirts and pants and white K-Swiss's or Eastlands Remeber how I used to be peekin and seekin At the skippin parties you wouldn't speak it Gave me your number then I found out you was just teasin Your befriend was a balla on with the beefin I wasn't old enough and plus I didn't sell deep in It's crazy how a chick could cut you low at the knees man Later caught up with you, that's when I found out that he's been Labled a snitch and now he sits in the penitentiary and he'll never get out get out I know it hurts don't it To know you wasted your time Now you baby mama, hard times, those are the worst moments You kinda cute, but not fine, told me you notice my shine Asked me if you could be mine, let me retort on it [Pre-Chorus-Krizz Kaliko] Now I can say, that the night has turned to day And yeah you hurt me, but you ain't worthy You need to get played, cuz I remember way back in the day [Chorus-Tech N9ne, Krizz kaliko] Back in the day, she said she didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW Way back in the day, she said you didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW girl wait a minute [Kutt Calhoun-Verse 3] This last one is sort of a doozy, Lord I miss Susie Q and all the cream fillin sure to be oozin She more than a floozy, whore she a beauty star I tell you imma go and mi amore, straight Spanish You used to walk around in leather and lace spandex And any nigga caught in her ground would make panic A fiesty lil chica with ass and stayed mannish Would cut a bitch in a blind second she gave damage She never messed wit a black dude The very first girl i ever seen wit a back full of tattoos And mami I'm at you, and she didn't front She let me get in between them thighs and hips put her legs all around my head and let me drill it kill it Now I'm infatuated, was on her everyday Once I ejaculated, don't wanna ever stray Niggas was glad to hate it, got props in every way And I ain't mad she gave it, so I won't ever say [Chorus-Tech N9ne, Krizz kaliko] Back in the day, she said she didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW Way back in the day, she said you didn't wanna NOW That I'm makin big pay, she smellin my aroma WOW girl wait a minute [Outro] Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore Back in the days when I was young back back back back Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore Back in the days, back in the days The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kutt Calhoun f/ BG Bullet Wound, Krizz Kaliko, Tech N9ne Album: Feature Presentation Song: Stop Jeffin Typed by: j_digiacomo7@hotmail.com [Intro: Tech N9ne] Jeffin, the act of kissing ass in or brown nosing in a persons face  when in actuality you really have ill feelings toward that person [Chorus: Krizz Kaliko] Lady momma momma top of the world and I aint stoppin' no things goin' change today my thing droppin'droppin' see you when I was broke-broke ain't said nuttin'-no now that the nigga poppin all them bitches get to jeffin when you see me rollin' up- Stop Jeffin! Stop Jeffin! they be like "whassup" Stop Jeffin! Stop Jeffin! yea you- Stop Jeffin! We ain't cool- Stop Jeffin! point your fingers- Stop Jeffin! Stop Jeffin! Da na na na [Tech N9ne] This is Kansas City lingo blurrr you mungo single you call it jockin' but stop jeffin's what we bring you it's when people really hate you but love you when you in the place so if ya "don't like me stay the hell up out my face Hey!" don't be jeffin with me Mr. Jefferson I pill fit-it Jeffery from Jefferson City I'm sick and I'll pull the kill-switch talkin' behind my back gotta wrap your man and tell me how you really feel wit' it and if it's real then we can deal wit' it jeffin is ass-kissin' then talkin trash dissin' when you missin' when you present he bitchin' "have chicken" no gizzard he 'bout to get it wit' a liver be welcome to misery, cookin Jeffery rotisserie swinging on the deals-nic, jeffin for a hot second turn around and cut me down I'ma catch you rollin' Prospect and my obsession will begin or I consend a nigga in glock heaven so mafucka stop jeffin! [BG Bullet Wound] What's happenin' this for them niggas that saw we shappin' them Jeffro Bo Dean niggas "oooo he so clean wit' it" slappin' two fifteens canary yellow bright ho's like to jeff with they jizzle they flaunt it every night every night poppin this pistol bottles up off every flight mafuckers they wont do it but they ain't livin' right where you get your shoes from? where you get your weed at? whatcha freakin' eyes on man I know your gee's fat but I don't really fuck wit' this nigga put him off in the back seat with Tech N9ne he stuck wit' this nigga cause I'm jeffin-jeffin no I cant help ya-help ya grab your sack and get to steppin'-steppin off of deuce click homie yea I'm keepin' it reppin' keepin' it flexin' keepin' all you Jeffery's in session "correction" and I don't really know what the fuck hell nah I don't know no Tech and no Kutt so quit jeffin [Kutt Calhoun] They rest to death in my skinny's and twenty-three's you get dressed to impress but you lookin' like mini me's but the jeff is un-neccesary that you givin' me makes me question the jesture of your sexuality "Hey!" you niggas approach me like y'all the bitches be all up on my dick askin' for telephone numbers hopin' to take pictures of shit if I wasn't in this business you niggas wouldn't even call you see me the source of the murder dog now you swingin' balls hey Kutt can you get on my album nigga y'all click is the shit you puttin' the town on the map I'm thinking this nigga's a bitch when I wasn't makin' no noise you wasn't a part of no Kutty no I'ma tax you mafuckers for half of your budgets take a big breathe of this hella shwagga with relish it inhale it and tell me if you can handle the smell of it it smell like I'm rich don't it, I know when you pimps want it so quit all that chattin' you ain't equip for this shit fold-it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Lil Wayne f/) Andre 3000, Tech N9ne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Carter IV, it's on [Tech N9ne] Heart's what it is, watch what the kid drops I'ma get the prop if you're not with the biz Not only other regions I really popped at the crib So hatin motherfuckers you better stop with the jibs All for the dibs but I'm boss it don't matter what the cost when I live right across from the Wiz The Killer City will have a nigga lost in the Mids Doin nothin but mothers stackin pussy coffin again What is happenin is a merger, different levels of murder Lil Weezy cook it and I'ma serve her Further, guess what I'ma go do wit this women when we're eatin Gerber? Mama said to kill 'em all and I heard her Thank you baby for what became Lil Wayne It's gettin all the people knowin the Strange in the game I been really able to hang in the fame But when he shouted my name there's been a change in my lane {*grrr*} I'm a clusterfucker lovin nothin but to get your brain And I be stuck in lust and quick to bust a nut and take a nigga's dame with no shame Well they be bustin nothin thinkin they thuggin tough but never do knuckle up, you in the game, you bang You drunk and touchin everythang, you lame Sucker, you cannot sustain the rain Tech N9ne is such a cuckoo in this Ballin nigga, Strange Music, Coupe through Swishers I know a lot of you probably, never knew who this is Well you listenin to Tecca Nina, soo woo bid'ness~! [Andre 3000] Today I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black I tell a nigga all those flows are borrowed It's the phar-aoh, Three Stacks I woke up in Cai-ro, lookin at stars So bright in the sky I thought they were marbles No car do's, what'cha call those? A whole car load, of raw hoes; in a Jeep Defender Please remember, don't feed the Simba Three's a symbol like nobody He's a symbol of what's safari Pulled her ponytail to my body She's the only girl that was smart e- -nough to call me, Mr. Benjamin in the middle of a wild party Skin was cinnamon, I pound it harder How come the only girls that are thought of are the light ones? Well tonight then We gon' do it, do it, do it for the dark ones It's important, that you are more than welcome to Tha, Carter IV and Y'all enjoy it, I will go 'head And I'll kiss y'all on y'all forehead Out! Artist: MGK (Machine Gun Kelly) f/ Tech N9ne, Twista Album: Lace Up Song: Edge of Destruction Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Tech N9ne] I'm humble because I know what it feels like to be at the bottom and have nobody No fans, no nothin, nobody believin in you Now look at me [Tech N9ne] I was down on the ground with nobody Some in my town said my sound was a hobby Now that I'm crowned they're astounded and oddly They try and come around, now I'm somebody Middle finger in the air With a hope and a prayer I started this Never had no money then my daughter hit That was a get-up-and-hustle-nigga starter kit Hard to spit, bars to get At stars when it's not marketed, you're far from it Dark and your partner quit Really barkin, you wishin for the spark to get heart in your art a bit But they doubted me cause I'm nothin like 'em, never knew how to be Stylistically foul and he's proud to be wild and he's thinking now is time to get the crowd shoutin Now people found him it's "Wow, peep his salary" Way back when I was feelin defeated When inspiration motivation was needed At the pace to be great I've exceeded all of your expectations, you fakers can EAT IT! This my world, this my game All the wicked shit is comin out of my brain This my girl, music is my dame If you can get it I'ma keep it P.I. mayne Why not share the pie? Scared that I would get the people likin me and wouldn't dare to buy yo' shit Try to told ya before that my flow sick Milli' sold on the road with my whole clique Everybody listen in to witness, Tech's whirlwind In the club with MGK, thick sex twirlin Fought to the top, never did stop, now we got it it's "Fuck the world" then The haters in the past on my ass wanna come around like my ex-girlfriends [Chorus: MGK] Ohh! For the block I (go) For that spot I (go) to the top I (go) Screamin "Fuck the world" (fuck the world) screamin "Motherfuck the world" "Fuck the world" (fuck the world) screamin "Motherfuck the world" And that's real, how I feel 24/7 in a city where the weak men die Doin whatever we gotta do to survive, head to the sky, middle finger up high Scream "Fuck the world" (fuck the world) screamin "Motherfuck the world" "Fuck the world" (fuck the world) screamin "Motherfuck the world" [Twista] Twista~! I remember thinkin I would rather die than go through what I was goin through when I was strugglin to survive Full of ambition and I'm ready to ride No tragedy over triumph and I am a lion, I gotta try Full of drama, I was feelin like a failure Fiendin for the industry again, I was livin in disgust Doin odd jobs, everybody seein me Travelin to work back and forth on the bus Yeah I was fucked up, but I got it together for y'all Spit venomous lyrics cause I was ready to ball Started +Po Pimpin'+ on everybody  and certain motherfuckers that wanna get in my circle I tell 'em naw Cause I got to get money up in my anatomy naturally  and I gotta be gradually happy to holla at somebody when they speak and they might be on that bullshit So sometimes it's fuck 'em, I don't even bother And who knows what's next for three angels chasin dreams Hailin from the Midwest, as we spread our wings All of us strivin to surf over the summit creating us a vision that'd be stunnin When we come to Earth and your city and do a show You would get to see everybody from miles come runnin Yellin for Machine Gun Kelly And Tech N9ne and Twista get it in, better bring somethin smelly We could take it to another level wherever you wanna go Everybody put up your hands, I'm ready C'mon and get wild, let loose Celebrate the fact that you made it and let me see you get buck You done been through some shit But you did it cause you had the heart to throw the middle finger up, yup [MGK] Kells~! From the back streets, to the packed seats On the block runnin from cops like athletes Whoever would've imagined "Lace Up" could've got me to the finish like track meets And when everybody's hot I'm past heat And if I don't need the fuel don't gas me Yeah, it's been a long time comin since "100 Words and Running" motherfucker come catch me And while these other rappers pen-and-pad it I was 13 with a semi-automatic Anything we ever wanted then you know we gotta have it Don't nobody ever snitch, get pinched you forget like magic Kids carry tools like Go-Go Gadget Leavin high school to an open casket Now another baby in the stomach of his baby mother never gonna know his daddy, tragic Why the government gotta lie to get money? Why the Federal Reserve gotta take from me? Why should I be fightin for another country? Have you seen my city muh'fucker? We hungry! Representin for the middle of the map  even though me and mine are comin from the bottom Why do all greats +fall+ when it isn't autumn? Where would 'Pac be at if nobody would've shot him? Do you really think The Notorious Big would believe these guys? All the internet thugs that the the media finds You wanna talk about grind Look in encyclopedia, what name is in it? I bet you see mine Motherfucker this Kells, skinny boy 6-foot-3 Heart bigger than an SUV Lord knows I been through hell and back duckin jail and crack and still I came out on T-O-P This is for the kid who never had a father figure to depend on Spendin every school day bein sent home Feelin like he doesn't know anybody because the only thing he ever had to him was some headphones So he pick a song, and he turn 'em on every morning just to get him through the day Lookin for escape in the kick and the bass That's the story of MGK +Lace Up+! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. (P.A.P.I) f/ iMayday!, Tech N9ne Album: Student Of The Game Song: Dreaming Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: N.O.R.E.] Yeah! Reminisce nigga! Be blessed! [Chorus: Mayday] Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] See I would wake up on them cold nights Half a pack left, po' life, try to grab us, while we roll dice Scatter, back to the block in an hour Just 'bout time to change clothes and a shower Set up shop by the dope head Heroin stashed in the broke head, gun by the moped Fingerprints in the last weapon I threw away So while you away, 9 to 5 to a day I will usually, lay by the basement store Sling raw by the barbershop Jerry's gettin cut, stash my work there As long as I gave Jerry a cut, I could work there [Chorus: iMayday!] Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life [Verse Two: Wrekonize] Ok, feel asleep and half awake Tryin to direct but now I feel I'm at a matinee Look mom, I'm on the screen don't mean to beat the pack away So I can share the meanin of get up and get the lap relayed Relayed, relayed, get me to give me the cash I made Dippin you into a relaxin place, let me just get out my pack and pray To the Gods of my private little dream scape I see you sleepin on so long even the sheep skate Each break, each melody causes All the jealous folks to relish those who readily rock shit Knock knock get ready to drop kick The hands of time then rewind it right when the clock ticks [Chorus: iMayday!] Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life [Verse Three: Tech N9ne] How come nobody listnenin? 'Cause a baller let a baller and his bottom he brought him But a brawler was smaller bombin better up his body blitzin I'll abolish him it's botherin it's about Benjamin's product Get bottom pimpin just borrowin just ballin ambition I annihilated molly no longer dilated I fly away it seems high away this is how I made it I get violent when mine is spent on the IRS To silence somethin cryin I get too sick to try and make it Man I'm dreamin I can't believe it Makin it hella hella but everybody need it I feed it to so many sources 'til I'm depleted Feelin I'm really beat up with greed I can't conceive it [Chorus: iMayday!] Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life Dreamin, but I don't think I'm a sleep tonight I'm livin the dream and, this just can't be life [Verse Four: Bernz] Can't be pursuit of happiness had me writin in classrooms Fallin asleep, only to block assholes Grew up a crash test dummy, no fastener Father was gone so long she called me bastard Faster pussycat! Ain't no slowin down Dreamt myself in a corner in order to make it out Shout iMAYDAY! Now! Get faded now! Ink on my fingers dead ringer for the singer but I'm Bernz While they sleep straight 'til they urns Brown liquor in my stomach makin my chest burn They heard, I count sheep for four mo' Fucker! Got a message for Noreaga Said wake 'em up brother {*Alarm Clock*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Outlawz f/ Tech N9ne  Album: Perfect Timing Song: New Years Typed by: westbingmanson@gmail.com [Young Noble] Sexy should be a felony she lookin so damn good so classy, yet she's so damn hood And when the bottles get to poppin and that smoke get to smokin bust this thang wide open [Hussein Fatal] I'm losing my cool, the way she movin in that skirt The heavy trill killing me look it's goin up her shirt [E.D.I] And she don't need no push up bra, shorty already a star no ass shots bomb ready for passion [Hussein Fatal] And I'm guilty of stalking somebody take me to the judge, addicted to sexiness so I'm a victim to her love [Young Noble] Twisting the smoke up I'm watchin while she dippin it lower This is a outlaw party have a toast with my soldiers [E.D.I] We... Thug Niggaz till we die Take your bottles of henny Snappin pictures with my semy on my waistline [Hussein Fatal] She makin me crazy, she got me bustin out my pants This party ain't private, but I just wanna see her dance Make your way to the floor (to the floor) Take your heels off nigga move slow (C'mon) It's goin down in this bitch... yeah... yeah Heyyyy... We gon party like it's new year hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey (C'mon) It's goin down in this bitch... yeah... yeah Heyyyy... We gon party like it's new year It's goin down in this bitch... yeah... yeah Heyyyy... We gon party like it's new year (E.D.I] I put my whips on match like my chicks to my hats I am, Way too fresh, nuthin less hundred stacks on me H tried to push up I pushed back on 'em Thought I was slippin Switched up and click clacked on 'em [Young Noble] Put it in the air... Order up another round soda like a movie The way the shit is going down Pools for the pictures, this is real business And my grind is relentless, tryina touch if you sick [Hussein Fatal] And bottle start poppin like sixteen Only a G know how to grab a dirty thing and get clean Them hot king kong ain't got shit on me I'm on a chick with a onion that ain't shit on be [E.D.I] And we lost in the moment The memory is the rose shorty got her hands all over man [Young Noble] Yeah.. And she can't keep a huff man baby girl is bossy gettin money is costly shorty ready to party...c'mon [Tech N9ne] Enough is fightin limit in me Enemies sight me and then it's friendly Wanna be like the women dingy Finna be fight but then ain't envy Nuthin but a thang my stuff is rougher Mack is the half of hustlers stab then I have to cut your stuff up Then pass to my asthma buffer True story bitches looking for you for real Let lose part of your digged to much new hard as a fiend Tryina give something more to thing, starting your dream It's Tech nino with his all new regime Thuggin like a south ball Drinkin like an outlaw Party like it's new years Hit it then I'm out y'all We hit the town and put it down without stop Step in the club and make their motherfuckin mouths fall Tech N9ne.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Potluck f/ Tech N9ne Album: Straight Outta Humboldt Song: What We Are Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com [Intro] What you're about to witness is one of the best collaborations of all time. Kansas City's, Humbo County's Show em we are what we are [Underrated] Hey yo, when I rap no never know what fewer better a mouth full of cheddar make me a greedy setter Got a mean vendetta, my team is too clever Never ever gonna stop, cause I rock forever You ain't never gonna see me when I be me When it comes to the rhymes, can't beat me All the girls say, "you complete me" Even some weekly wanna meet me Bust on the scene like Jeezy (Yeeeaah) Everybody want a Potluck CD After the show, collect the dough Then we go to the hotel blowin smoke You gonna hold the Po because my flow is dope Because I'm invincible, you can't sink the boat Fuck American Idol, we rock hardcore bitch Get stupid, get dumb, matter fact lets thizz Underrated in a bout my peers Put the pump in the back of the Benz Quick better tell all your friends It's Potluck and Tech N9ne rockin again And we rockin the MO with Krizz Kaliko  His flow is so cold, gotta go gold And a lock in the do(or) like a fo(ur)fo(ur) at a show Man I'm never so-so Under syllable criminal won't forget it but let it go in the stereo Sure up and get high Motherfuckers staring but pity for em baring, but when they lyric go and if you wanna bet em they go'n die Now we gotta roll the riches (No lie) Hanging up the colder pictures (Don't cry) Gotta stand in the street with my hand on my dick Cause I wanna be sayin, "I'm rich bitch" When I party with ya'll We drinkin Crown up at the bar When I'm smokin with ya'll Take it to the head til' we fall And we duckin the law We hit them corners til' they gone See em fuckin with ya'll cause we are what we are [Tech N9ne] Anybody got another pill I gotta get a muthafucka to give me the artificial loving I wanna be trippin, I gotta be high Tryin ta kick it hella wicked until we die Neva the nigga ta get a milli when I'm tripin n buckin it I'mma nigga in the party with your bitch n Im fuckin it Butcha gotta be ready to get up n go If you wanna start up a fight over ragidy hos Me n Potluck put the cocks up in a hot slut tryna bust a nut before the slot locks up Given a minute to get us up in it bet everybody shiver when I deliver the jock pops up Underrated he made it a bomb with the heat Makin it so it aint never calm in the street Tecca Ninna with One Ton nigga we come from nothin we bustin like hella spawns on a Buh-buh-buh-beat Verbally ya heard of me murder thee mental capacity flippin with Missouri in back of me, pack a B Thinkin imagine me Tech attack a muthafucka with the tongue Nigga ya better be steadily bringin the medily readily, cuz ever-y niggas thinkin ahead of me  Will never be fetty cuz I bring it like a bullet from a gun So whut'chu really wanna do? Get back on the road, get a sack, crack a brew Put a bitch in the back n I give her whut she really wanna muthafucka to makin it do whut it do With a Carrabou Lou, 151, Mallaboo Rum, n pineapple juice You know the party gatta be fun, compatible groups'a niggas Chillin with ya home girl in 707 with the liquor [1 Ton] Hey bartender can I get another round With a little bit a ice and a lot more Crown Keep it strong with the clowns when I'm in yo town Bet it all goes down cause I got that sound Say what I wanna when I jump up on yo rhythm When I smoke better try hobo Better hit til you cry and choke Now know why I rhyme so dope Party all day and night with a hoe Gotta get that dough like I just passed go And the next show better be the best yo Kick it at the hotel, I just get so frisco All the way to Esko, flow mad chick and I say presto Let a nigga get a little sip of XO I pull the rest and tell the bitch lets go I do what I do, rap what I be Flow straight heat, gettin high in the street Got what I need grow a mouth full of seed You can take it from we at the top of the peak Do what I can for the fan, I am what I am, I'm another weed man Green like a vegan, not a mean man I don't gotta green thumb, I gotta whole green hand The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Project Deadman f/ King Gordy, Tech N9ne Album: Self Inflicted Song: Access Denied Typed by: Link10JK@Aol.com [Intro: Prozak] Tech N9ne! Prozak! King Gordy! Access Denied! [Verse 1: Prozak] All my life I been denied, 7th grade attempted suicide Remained alive, isolated state of my mind Confined to prison my visions of multiple killing I've tried to fit in different clinks Raps, jocks, or the chinks So what the fuck? I'm trynna find a place to call my own 9th grade trial by jury, only 16 years old Found not guilty back in '93 victim of society Hatred and mass murder and thoughts inside of me My mind exposed to a paradox of pain It's all the same, playa haters speakin my name in vain Underground rap game king 9 milimeter, brains, flames, comin out of your vains From Detroit to KC fuck the industry (why?) Because they hate me, they wanna but the can't be me I guess that's how I'm depicted, arrested but never convicted Prozak, King Gordy, Tecca Ninna, Self Inflicted [Hook: Prozak] ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] I don't make my music for no motherfucking whites I don't make my music for no motherfucking blacks To keep Ninna's project steady runnin of the shelfs I make my music for my motherfucking self Fuck the industry with a tip stuffed full of henessy Then take the torch of this shit and bust on my enemies Positive energy, you could not change me You got that beat, I take that beat and flip it strangely The major labels did not know what to do with me You knew I was crazy if you went to school with me Created a king kong because I sing songs Got hoes on labels swingin on ding dongs World wide respected Ya boy said we ain't kissin no motherfuckin ass to be accepted That's what I'm talkin bout, rapless revived You trynna get inside? Access denied [Hook: Prozak] ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) [Verse 3: King Gordy] How many times must you die just to live? Suicides on your mind so you kill Your whole life trynna find something real Your whole life confined tight and sealed Don't you lie to me Christ cuz you will Cuz then I might put you right where I live Eternal lights the nights are in hell Soul downsized cuz we blinded by shields Spineless ,you just trynna hide your own fears It is priceless you are dyin right here Why am I crucified by my peers? As a child trynna hide my own tears I'll keep my pride despite how I feel With the knife beside it's a thrill Gordy, Prozak, and Tech N9ne is so ill You tried to die, access denied, please try again [Hook: Prozak] ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prozak f/ Big Krizz Kaliko, Tech N9ne Album: Tales From the Sick Song: Run Away Typed by: J_Kay_13@yahoo.com [Big Krizz Kaliko] Most definitely... Kaliko in the house fa sho Most definitely... Prozak in the house fa sho Hey, corrupted the crime boy In since one nine nine nine now Think that I'm bluffin try boy You can sho nuff find out how Cuz I keep one on me. You ain't got a meaner demeaner but if you don't stand down to an angel when you see him Get a hot one in between em, yeah Out comes my gun, you bout to run When I put it on Ain't got no problem, knockin it problem Niggas if you wanna get it on I'll be the last man standin Like you abandon yo mans and them Got a two piece and a biscuit up in my hands for them Dranks up, drip that, know what I'm talkin bout If you creep up in Krizz house, yo ass ain't gon be walkin out Talkin out the side of yo neck and if it don't understand the words that you sayin I'mma take it as disrespect, losin it Slowly as them days go by so if you got some beef wit me, better stroll on by See we gentle and peaceful people but mentally be some evil is supposed to provoke Bad actions start to comin out of church folk [Big Krizz Kaliko] See you can run, but you can't hide I see you shake, heart beatin inside You can't help it cuz it's over and they tried to run away See you can hide, but you can't run You ought to stop, when you see me comin You tried to stop it, but it's over I will make them run away [Tech N9ne] God gave me the gift to sooth the savage beast nigga God made me to rip and rule the baddest peace spitta But yous a bitch if you thinkin leakins gon hurt me I'm purposely servin these twerps to the third degree verbally Birth of these marksmen claimin to be dark men, hearts been hardened Harshly sparks me to start the murlarky Like Mizzarski, it's gon take a nation till death marks me Yo parts will be scattered, battered, and partially barred from the Nnutt Howze, give it to you They pity the nigga that give us the negative You better get ready to get ahead of it If you rhetoric and let a bitch you better get Wicked with the subjective and the predicate And that's bitch niggas, cuz I'm a switch getta And they jealous cuz bellas are funded And they really hate the way Nina gunnin Hella flow and they can't take nothin from it Meet the reapa when I come to your speaka I will damage, definitely defeat ya You so soft and I am the creature feature Poppin evil enemy spittin ether Niggas is hella wrong and they know that Wishin upon my dough sack Make a nigga run away from Tech Nina, Kali, and Prozak [Big Krizz Kaliko] See you can run, but you can't hide I see you shake, heart beatin inside You can't help it cuz it's over and they tried to run away See you can hide, but you can't run You ought to stop, when you see me comin You tried to stop it, but it's over I will make them run away [Prozak] Motherfuckers they wanna battle me Bitches they wanna straddle me Bitches with the strategy Wanna stick it in your anatomy They got a hand on me, finks they wanna rat on me Snakes, they try to rattle me but haters, why you mad at me? But it really doesn't matter breathe badder, blood scatter Climb to the top of Jacob's ladder Bloody Mary three times and glass shatters Hey batter batter batter, hey batter batter, swing Take your head off like floss like the holocaust Body toss first mark that I come across Six from the toss, switch bitch, you just double crossed Get hit with the quickness, get written off I will take it to the level of angels and devils So best to be runnin when all the dust settles The demons will follow, there'll be no tomorrow Your life will be somber, your time is now borrowed See my face grinnin, the room will be spinnin The blood will be spillin all over the floor From the beginning, your flesh has been sinning The pressure is building, you can't take no more. So don't get cynical, every syllable constant and critical to the bare minimal Pitiful is what you've become to my visual Sit back, relax, collectin my residuals [Big Krizz Kaliko] See you can run, but you can't hide I see you shake, heart beatin inside You can't help it cuz it's over and they tried to run away See you can hide, but you can't run You ought to stop, when you see me comin You tried to stop it, but it's over I will make them run away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skatterman & Snug Brim f/ Krizz Kaliko, Tech N9ne Album: Word on the Streets Song: Heartbreaker Typed by: Pudge2k1@yahoo.com (Skatterman) I know I told you I was on my way, baby I'm tryin I didn't intend to hurt ya, lil mama quit cryin Made promise after promise bout us spending more time But now it's painfully obvious that I was just lyin And you be made at me, tellin your friends that you ain't fuckin wit me Truth hurts, and the truth is, you can't do nothin wit me You make plans, and make dates, but I always break em Your family's havin barbque's, and I can't ever make em You buy me gifts every month, but I don't ever take em Friends try to trail me through the club, but I always shake em You say you hate my ghetto ways, cuz I'm from the streets I got you cookin up a meal, that I don't come to eat Now I'm talkin bout comin to rip your thong off 10 minutes later, you call me, I turn my phone off My life's messy, plus you think I stick my dick in anything sexy That's why my last bitch left me, I'm a... (Chorus x2) Krizz Kaliko {Skatterman} (Heartbreaker {heartbreaker} Bread maker {bread maker} I'm a hustler from the street {I'm a hustler from the street baby} Go Getta {go getta} Gorilla {gorilla} Go figga, that's the way that I'ma be (Snug Brim) Love you a superstar, You want the glamour life You heard that time wit a rapper is something like Vegas lights I could show you the world, take long expensive flights Or give you diamonds and pearls, mami that's what ya like Don't get attatched to me lady, baby I stick and move Little romance when I'm stoned, but you can keep your dude You know how playas do, BITCH save your attitude Be satisfied wit twice a month, unless I'm mad at you Patiently waitin on me, hopin that I'll hit the scene You got my usual ready, a fifth of ??? ??? tryin to win me over But that will never happen, baby I'm a soldier Money stay on my mind, that's word out on the streets So don't be callin my phone, listen, ya stressin me I might pull up in a minute, I got ya recipe Make sure you heart is on your shoulder, tryin to get next to me (Chorus x2) (Tech N9ne) DAMN, why do you gotta be actin like you don't know I'm a playa cuz baby I AM I keep an abundance of bitches, I see em, sex em than I  SLAM, pardon me MA'AM I know you prolly want me to yourself, I'm an incredible MAN Just cuz you GLAM, don't mean that you FAM I'm poppin off, I get em they SCRAM Holla back at me when you get your head right Bein wit ya is a dead sight Naggin and bitchin you missin dickin, cuz I'm fuckin hella bitches err night Excusin me french, ?Miscuisy? bein wit Tecca Nina is a doosey Cuz I'm a heartbreaker, baby heart taker, and you know I'm off in the jacuzzi Got my dick in the mashed potatoes tonight The bigger the play, the greater the fight Missin the other bitches has got you stuck, and you plannin on goin to jack off later tonight Go girl and play with your dildo, sittin by yourself baby real low Cuz I'm kickin it, you can even eat from a great mistake ??? I was born this way, BITCH I'M SPECIAL Maybe a character trait of the devil I am the rock of Gilbrater, you bein soft, that makes you a pebble So you can kick it and be wit me, get up a flee wit me, baby just be wit a boss Just know that I ain't gonna be wit just one I'm a son of a gun, if your trippin, your done, you lost (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sole' f/ Tech N9ne Album: Skin Deep Song: Ain't Nobody Fuckin' Wit It Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [Intro - Tech] Ha ha ha ha, we bout to do this Tech Niner, Sole' Bout to make that ass hot baby Like this, yo [Female singing] I heard the party didn't stop 'Til Tech Niner got ill one man crew, runnin' through you Niggas let their cash drop, ladies made that ass hot Make 'em say "ooh", that's what we do [Tech] This one's for the niggas' in the club Fucked up, full of liquor Fittin' to let the Tech N9ne feelin' hit ya Everybody respect mine when I step up INSANE (ish) Killa, killa, doin' damage to a nigga BRAIN (ish) Haters can't maintain [Sole'] Killin' everybody with the murderous flow I'mma let a nigga know 'bout fly Sole' Bad to the bone with the fucked up jump So we all get drunk and crunk all day We hard, let's keep all this marvelous shit We killin' everything And Tricky started all of this shit [Tech] Ay yo, get paid, never get sprayed Takin Sole', be the brainiacs [Sole' and Tech] Warner Brothers and DreamWorks So I guess we're Animaniacs All the niggas in the back get with the ladies in the front >From side to side, we gon' survive and get what the fuck we want That's right 1 - [Sole' and Tech]  Ain't nobody fuckin' wit it, y'all niggas forget it  Ain't nobody fuckin' wit it, cuz we kill 'em  And these hoes and niggas know we keep it rough  And make it rougher  Cuz all we wanna see is you dancin' in the mothafucka Repeat 1 [Tech] I'm dancin' with this bitch with an ass so fat Had to dash to the back, hit that ass from the back With that ass in my rap, put that ass on the map I come from 6-6, triple 8, 46, 99, 3's All of my killas can't see, fill the niggas on the drive-by ki's Ask me to bomb and I will Ask me to be calm and I kill I got that bomb style and your shit ain't real Your shit is simply - unrealistic Your bitch seek this, gets dismissed with a quickness This lip sick, get the lipstick, kiss this dick In a minute, I'mma bust this flow I'mma let these suckas know Nine millimeter is about to blow And I'm out to get your ho Puncuate the first to shake that ass and get that cash stack All the playa haters better stand back when I flashback Ish hot, knowin' ??? in your club and I'm kinda scold dragon Yo, I thought you heard Tech Niner got that ground control All up in your bitch's roll with that ass exposed, yo Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Sole'] Na na na na na You can not fuck with Tech N9ne and Sole' Comin' with the rough shit Off in the club, me and my girls lookin' lovely Lots of killa thugs be wishin' they could fuck me If you's a hustle man, throw your hands up Throw my hands up, I did it cuz this ho just ran up The way you bustas try to step to me, it's killin' me Stank breath, mackin' law thrown out, 3 mil be drillin' me, no Yellin' about ki's and dope, broke I hope you take notes and shove this cake, about 20 down your throat Scope, wash your mouth out with soap Ladies dressed with power, awfully remote Time, nigga it's wine, throwin' rhymes, killa be mine Blowin' nine, and I'mma shine, growin' Hella ass I'm showin' I see you in the back freakin' Everybody in the front tweekin' While me and Tech be peakin' Off in the club scene every weekend, we the shit Throwin' rough ride full of grit, ass that you wanna get Twit, beware my bite it truly venomous when I spit Beauty and the beast, you hear in the club or the street On the back seat of your Jeep, over peak rollin' deep cuz... Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Outro - Tech] Ya know what I'm sayin'? This nigga Tricky got me drunk  Off this mothafuckin' Hennessy and Alize' baby We off in ATL kickin' it for Sole' baby, you know what I'm sayin'? Too much ass in one room baby Shake what your mothafuckin' mama gave ya Tech Niner in this bitch For the year 2-thou baby It's all delicious, Tech N9ne Bitch "Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech w/ DJ Revlolution and 	Chino XL, Eminem, Jayo Felony, Kool G. Rap, KRS-One,  	Pharoahe Monch, The RZA, Tech N9NE, Xzibit Album: This or That Song: The Anthem Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com -RZA intro from "Airwaves"- [King Tech] One two, one two We dedicate this one to the hip-hop culture y'all Brought to you by the WOOORRRLLD FAMOUS Wake Up Show [RZA] Bobby Steels, Staple' tails, MC's get your lips stapled Project Killa Hill is stamped on the map like the compass Sacred sword play tongue twist piercin holes in you  You can't escape seventy-thousand kilowatts blast through yo' box Walk wit alarm clocks, cars drivin slow down the block One stopped, parks, pops his trunk Snare pops loud as glock shots Bass like an M-80 in ya face, cops stop, give us citation We pause for radio station identification WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP! (Tech is on) [Tech N9NE] When I Woke Up, I grabbed the mic and never choked up Busted a verse and all the G's in Cali loc'ed up when I was summoned Styles were mixed like the Drummonds Killer clown is comin lookin around your town is crumblin This Big Tech from the Midwest, leavin MC's litless On the Wake Up Show, make up no, stories about my shake-up flow Put me off in a cypher? Potna, you can't *fuck* wit the snyper Your flow's premature, clean your dirty diaper Mic heister, psycho alpha-schizo Hypno, chryo gat flow, guru and ain't nobody tighter Sway & Tech heard me flow and it's sealed Now I got Swedish women yellin "Tech N9NE svelte!" [Eminem] This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit white out Cuz y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?) Climbed out of a nice house Through the front window and heard this guy shout "Hey that's my couch! (bitch!)" Pull a nine out during a rhyme bout While I'm rippin this shit, put a clip in it spit five rounds And murder you hoes worse than a convertible flippin verticle nose-first wit the top off landin up-side down You're tied down and duct-taped, fuck rape I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit my nuts shaved And Sway & Tech, two disk jockeys Breakin so many friggin needles I wonder if they inject [Xzibit] Lo and behold, better than platinum and gold Yes God bless success, never forsake your soul Xzibit take control, lock loaded and ready to roll Play the upper hand, a man that's never gon' fold Cuz your tape sucks, find a new hobby that you can take up Or listen to my niggas Tech & Sway so you can Wake Up The X-Man, catch me doin drills in the Danger Room Big game huntin from high noon till the full moon [Pharoahe Monch] Wit synonyms, I get an adrenaline rush From minimum thrusts, bust multiple assaults in small interims As horrid as Boris Korloff was When I cut ya neck, leave a little piece of skin so the head won't fall off Hauled-off, sawed off shotgun blast He asked, why did he have to die like cast metal? O, huh, C now like Omar Credle We pone pedal at a high resolution  On the Wake Up Show wit Sway, Tech and DJ Revolution *DJ Revolution scratches* [Kool G Rap] I sway the tec wit the Tech and Sway Step away, wet and spray, rep the day Who over debt to pay get swept away Across the whole board like checker play When I blaze your whole sect' arrays Wake Up Show for those who slept away Niggas that met the trey, hit the deck and pray DJ Revolution, spinnin like lead from out the head decay Tearin your neck away, flood up the street wit blood redecorate Until the head of jake investigate [Jayo Felony] What, Sway can give it to but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it Tech can give it to you but Whatcha Gon' Do? Rev can give it to you but Whatcha Gon' Do wit it I can give it to you, Wha Wha Wha What What! [Chino XL] Yo yo, Chino make the world go 'round Fuckin up entire record companies like Harrell did to Motown Vominous talk, poison pen, hominous walk Which flow will I destroy you wit this time, the most commonest thought The drama that's brought, caught us in the midst of a sibling rivalry For instance, there is nothing born in existence that can survive wit me Clone me like sheep, I clean house like Tony Randall My style foul/file, for sexual harrassment like Tisha Campbell You wack like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy I fuckin murder your young style like Jon Benet Ramsey Now who the master to beg, your demo get passed on the reg' You shouldn't have been signed if you had a white cast on your leg I'm Wake Up Show reppin, wit Sway & Tech My tec's like Tekken, the industry weapon I'm Chino X, bring KRS in [KRS-One] De de de da de de de da di day HEY! KRS-One comin wit the Tech & Sway Yo, I rock up on the littlest set and up on the biggest set As ill as it gets I still manage to wiggle your neck wit sweat Never forget, the bigger the budget the bigger the debt You gotta be, willin to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet But I'm willin to bet, on a Sway and a Tech They stay in effect, never been a pain in the neck, they gainin respect Nevertheless I WRECK YOU, now you know what Sway and Tech do I'll be back but for now just SACKLE!!! Ha ha ha, FRESH for 1999 you SUCKAS!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twiztid f/ Tech N9ne Album: The Green Book Song: Serial Killa Typed by: 13thDragon@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Jamie Maddrox] What is it about a serial killer that attracts you? And makes this music that you can sharpen an axe to? Takin' you back through, a hallway to a black room No walls or ceilings, just doorways to pass through You choose, chainsaws are always nice But razor blades and knives are way more presice When it comes to cuttin', this shit here is an art And we finish what we start, that's what seperates us apart From other motherfuckers, not sayin' no names But them other motherfuckers (Dayton Family!!) And they say I'm sick, too sick, well how sick do you get When you see a chest without a butcher knife buried in it Wait a minute, gimme an axe, I wanna slash your ribcage in half For every time you laugh, on our behalf, will ya Let me get another chance to redefine the mind of a serial killer [Hook X2] Serial Killa!! K-I-Double L-A!!! Oop oop outta my mind like Godzilla! Killa killa (SERIAL KILLA!) Killa killa Killa killa (SERIAL KILLA!) Killa killa [Monoxide Child] Could it be the blood? Maybe it's the blood ya like? Or maybe it's my blatant disregard for life Most people are afraid of the night, but not me though I keep it old school like Kemeco Rusty blade, at least twelve inches With the tip cracked off, I stab at you mini bitches I'm diggin' ditches with a mental mind state To just nut up and get vicious when in a dark place Throw your mercy on the head of my axe And pray to God I don't slit you in half like train tracks I can't control it, so I just put it in my music And hopefully other killers can use it Don't confuse it with the same old game 'Cause the shit that I kick could put a glitch in your mainframe Wicked to the bone I am, and you can meet me in the dark if you think I'm playin', whut!? [Hook] [Tech N9ne] Who's the real killer? Who's the motherfucker you're lovin' to hate but in the midst to fuck with (?????) Trust your bitch, we'll jock your trip, we'll shock your pistol, cock! This is the shit to knock!!! (Who am I!?) Ameria-killa, gorilla, the jugga-lizzle my nizzle With Psychopathic I'm rappin' we set the game free (Who am I?!) Killa killa the reala, bo-nana-fana-I-feela-nigga with a milla-meter with the infared beam! [Jamie Maddrox] The axe is family, and for the family I use the axe to seperate your anatomy Ain't no bein' mad at me, the shit ain't even worth it I said I was a serial killer, not perfect It's not my fault that I can't be trusted And people like me aren't all disgusted Some are sittin' next to the skull crushin' And killin' people over next to nothin', motherfucker [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Droop f/ Tech N9ne Album: Moment of Impakt Song: Under Pressure Remix Typed by: pittsburg_925@yahoo.com [Tech N9ne] Got 'em all under pressure [Chorus]x2: Tech N9ne Hey mutha fucka hey mutha fucka hey We can do it nigga any mutha fuckin' way Gangsta shit, gangsta shit gun play Or you can be the bitch and go the other fuckin' way You gotta respect us We got guns and we got a whole plethora And I bet cha, every mutha fuckin' nigga in yo sector Sick cuz we got 'em under pressure (pressure) [Young Droop] I gotta let it be know I'm in the zone, gone, blown Tryin' to be ya nigga that was independent from the beginnin' You bet that I'm a win yet when I'm finished  Niggas and bitches be trippin' Because I got a couple of tickets But do I fit the description [Hell yeah] Muthafucka that's the reason why I'm filled with so much tension Cuz I'm here with the couple of individuals switchin' Tryin' to get together But anotha nigga dissin' I'm ready for the battle With no matter whatever You better be clever Nigga use your thoughts Now nigga who's the boss Nigga look who you crossed A mutha fuckin' sav Nigga yo whole crew took a loss I think ya better beware, better for you to try to make a move Everybody bringin' a pistol what you tryin' to prove Do what you doin' cuz you the one that's lookin' like a foo And I guarantee that you'll meet up with doom Until you holler and tell us you need the weapon  That was kept up in the skeleton for way too many years But now that I'm comin' to kill all 'em them niggas ain't feelin' me And all I wanna do is make a few things clear Well fuck' em, fuck 'em I hate it when I'm hated Because I gotta be separated for the nation I'm tryin' to be patient But niggas be trippin' And switchin', actin' like bitches But look at the individual they facin' They put me in the category of Jason I recommend for you to get to runnin' Because I'm comin' to snatch ya, I'm at ya My lyrical, miracle flow Is takin' me deep in your ho To another dimension, leavin' you lost The sickest nigga ever to come out the Valley District Take it like you don't want everyone to know I broke your record The reason you dissin' and wishin' that they come up missin' Because I got everybody and they mother under pressure Got em' under pressure [Chorus] x2 [Young Droop] I gotta be down because I'm Northbound And givin' it up for the town To all the liquor drinkin' niggas in the hood Tryin' to put the Valley on the map And people tell me what I'm doin' is good And keepin' it real like I should Homies come up and give me dap Heard of a couple of sacks back to back To make a nigga wanna write Then I take it to another level They tell me whatever you do stay on the mic  Ya better keep comin' tight But I love to represent niggas I know they hate that I made it So now they wanna try and put me through the test But I shoot 'em to the left Because I got positive people tellin' me Droopy you are dealin' with the best Now nigga what the fuck is next Niggas that know me is changin' like the weather whatever dawg In competition for Nike You're supposed to be out for your riches I'm the individual with the biggest balls Run up with the hog, yippy ya'll Like my nigga from the mob Told me, "Little brother you gotta do the job" It's gonna take somebody like you To give a sample like an example with the Valley Then they'll treat you like a God The nigga that's bigga than life They can't even up with the price With this shit I deliver, I bring it to the table But look it I'm in it I'm 'bout to go independent Official Kritikal Rekords my own label Leavin' niggas fucked up and disabled You ain't know I'm flowin' and blowin' up Was a Killa Valley entertainer To all the rest of you local mutha fuckas watchin' for danger Nigga to the mic you a stranger They got me rappin' outta anger Makin' it mandatory to put you in your place Whenever you find a rebel that's on my level Like the devil I'm a come heated Spit fire in his face I got 'em under pressure [Tech N9ne] Tech Nine, chea, chea Seven execution style murders, YES! Techa Nina be the killa for niggas who give me the evil The silliest shit that a nigga heard of Bitch pull yo skirt up Give a nigga what he want the little hooker better hurr up Word up, give me the jimmy and pull my shirt up Make a nigga squirt up, murda Mutha fucka that's Nine and Droop Shit cannot stop my troop Techa Nina gonna be the killa millennium murder I love it shake it now do it baby, stick it baby Lovin' every minute of a SAC BITCH! When you hear it everybody RANKS IT! Comin' out of Kansas City a handsome hippie I brand the titties hit 'em with nine's Never could you land sadities, we hand them cookies My fans are with me they give it to me every time They gotta be ready to get up and go When niggas be comin' at you bustin' a fo-fo from the Mo You fuckin' with Killa Valley you slippin' oh no Nigga better do the opposite of slow-mo Tech N9ne nigga, put the X in ya mind nigga Get your roll on, get your hold on, Killa Valley a fracture Even I might deliver the coming of a killer, the phantom of all niggas Who want it with Nina well listen I'll kill a bitch in a vision You Milli Vanilli mutha fuckas were being murdered by the big bad wolf Got 'em all under pressure [Chorus] x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Tech N9ne Album: Thugged Out: The Albulation Song: Bumbell Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net [Tech N9ne] (Yukmouth) Regime killas, ah What the deal (It's that lethal) What's poppin Regime niggas in this motherfucker for the one nine nine twist bitch (Uh, that regime shit) Regime shit, yeah (Done deal, bumbell) New millenium rhymers nigga (What, Tech a nina) The bumbell Where the fuck you at (Up in this bitch) [Yukmouth] (Tech N9ne) Uh, what uh, introducin two of the regime's finest (Regime) Tech a nina And Smoke a Lot himself (Smoke a lot, bumbell) Let's serve these niggas with the straight shh, uh nigga (In your back bitch) Fuck that, I'm tired of not being of the bungalow shit This bumbell for you nigga [Yukmouth] It's bumbell bumbell, that's straight rapid fire That override your ampliphiers and the woofers Your bass tube hook ups shut the fuck up with wires cooked up Niggas stash my tape like gats in the bushes, it's that lethal It'll probably have you killing people, for real Cops say it's illegal to have a Yuk tape in your possesion Niggas keep going to jail for 11, 350's and 211's 187's, concealed weapons, all the above Tear the fuckin club up with my nigga what [Tech N9ne] That Tech N9ne nigga, lyrically blind niggas on the grind All the time you will find I spiritually define nigga, rhyme killa I'm the purer from Missour-a Quick when I rip shit trip this animalistic, fuck Ace Ventura By the power of my dead niggas I'ma ride this like a rollercoaster Ain't nobody fuckin with my niggas I'm the killa representin Cosa Nostra So bust like you're supposed to We guaranteed this gon sell cuz this shit's the bumbell nigga [Chorus: (Tech N9ne)] X 2 (Ba bum) This shit is heated (Ba bum) Your shit's deleted (Ba bum) And when you need it (Ba bum) We drunk and weeded As long as this rap shit sells Us niggas with figures we keep releasin the bumbell [Yukmouth] Bitch I can make ya ?ven? (Ba bum) Make ya ?land? (Ba bum) Make the fans (Ba bum) Gang related dance (Ba bum) I can make the hood (Ba bum) Make your ?Kim Wood? (Ba bum) Make your stereo (Ba bum) Make calico (Ba bum) They dumpin on us, clunk clunk go the trunk Grab the pump, bang my shit when you in the mist to funk Or get shit crunked When shit jumps, I'm the theme music Like thorazine, the fiends cling to it I didn't mean to do it The music made me do it, it made me loose it Got my mind playin tricks Now my nine can't stop sprayin shit Until the nigga lay in a ditch And when I played this shit it blew my speakers out Looked out the window I saw dope fiends and tweakers out in the middle of the street doing the electric slide, you shoulda peeped it out It got me geeked out, hustlin makin scrilla After every word I got to say nigga Like what's up nigga? Let's smoke this blunt nigga Oh, yesterday got caught, got fucked up nigga You bumpin Yuk nigga? Oh that's the bumbell [Chorus] X 2 [Tech N9ne] We're now listening to the sounds of Tech N9ne I don't need no medication, I just packs my crispy flows Endo, rum and fornication, jammed up for y'all filthy hoes That nigga named Tech N9ne is a motherfucker on Gang Related Hater's gotta respect mine or the next time get strangulated Rap A Lot summoned me, I told em that I had a gun in me Loony as a nigga wanna be, kindly get the fuck from front of me Sleepin with a black cat in my lap, spliitin poles daily Under a lot of weight and on a bus on a broken mirror don't faze me They say Tech when I rap you wouldn't be alive Fuck that, I got niggas lettin em go for tweleve five, bumbell's live We bringin heat to the game, deep when we came Niggas fucked up and put they feet to the flame Got that (ish) if you want it, gives a (uff) I'm a flaunt it That (haaaa) got niggas thinkin I'm hunted, the bumbell [Chorus] X 2 [Tech N9ne] (Yukmouth) Yeah (Live and direct) KC meets Oakland, Oakland meets Houston, a killa mixture (Bumbell) Bumbell (What) Tech N9ne (Regime shit) Ish, uck, nigga What you wanna do Regime crew Like that nigga Me and Yuknouth up in this motherfucker puttin this shit in your back For the one nine nine twist You know what I'm sizzlin? You know what I'm sizzlin? You know what I'm sizzlin? Regime killas! (Thugged out, Yukmouth) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Gonzoe, Kris Kaliko, Tech N9ne Album: United Ghetto of America Volume 2 Song: Kill 'Em Off Typed by: stashhh@gmail.com [Intro: Gonzoe] Yes yes, whuttup mayn It's the Regime man welcome to our world Ha ha ha, yeh, you ready, you ready Yuk You know I'm ready, kill 'em off Ready, let's do this shit [Verse 1: Gonzoe] If you niggas hate me, thrones can face me If you love me, then embrace me No words from me, I let the K speak White sheets all on ya block, who's callin the shots We hit that man first, then his faculty drop I went 2Pac on 'em, showed 'em what I had for 'em Had the whole porch glowin out the super sport, Showin Our man power, make workers outta cowards Focus, leave a nigga beem smokin every hour Gunshots get louder over blocks of the powder Whole spots get surrounded, whatever breathin we down it Gonzoe'll spend ya money before ya bitch ass could count it Lovin my Regime life, California violence Put a nigga in the ground like I ambushed the sirens Ya pull me over you get more then a drunk driver South Central survivor, hustler, conniver Outlaw gang, nigga Regime Rider [Chorus: Kris Kaliko] We catchin 'em slippin, in war ain't no fair games See they high, cause inside I see you scared mayne We pull them guns, they run when that lead came (Gunshots) we kill 'em off [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Surrounded and I don't know who to trust Stressed, might be, demons comin in on me tight, will I bust Yea its likely, loaded cocked back, nigga not givin a fuck Press tightly Then dip to the Bay and parlay with my nigga Yuk and get hyphy This odd god is not fraud, just brought knowledge Hot bars from Oxnard to Park College Part raw shit, Part heart and part mobbage Ak-ward, shit I spit, you got garbage I've had it, you faggots is mad at this You rap it, rezap it, and crack if its inadequate Attackers with jackets snaked with bats in the back of it You rappers is whack and it's fact this is immaculate You slack it a gat for the red and black of it You crackers we blacketh then shack, and ain't no master shit We scrappers and hackers who masked for this Sack of magic shit, feel the fanaticness Regime Riders kill 'em off and scatter bitch [Verse 3: Yukmouth] We kill 'em off, kill'em off, kill'em off kill'em off, kill'em off, kill 'em all off Word to my nigga Asia, the cake finna break 'em all off The sawed off 'll rip ya jaw off Bitch niggas gettin hauled off, chop off the kid the mob boss And watch him so quick fall off nigga They foundtaion crumble in the concrete jungle I'm raised in the struggle, ready to rumble Shavin bundles to hustle, most killas humble But I'm loud and obnoxious Bomb ya office like Bin Laden, we kill 'em off with the choppas I'm heartless, I'm on some Don shit Most of my track horrorfying and gothic 2Pacalypse prophet, hot shit, toxic, mob shit Rap-A-Lot bitch, we got it locked bitch Fuck them coppers, we still representin' that block shit The MOBB, we don't fuck with no perpetrators or imitators Snitches, bitches, traitors, or playa haters can't infiltate us We gettin hella paper, in cribs with elevators Let the metal spray ya white tee, ya bitch WE KILL 'EM OFF The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Phats Bossilini, Mad Max, Tech N9ne, Poppa LQ, Gov Matic Album: Thug Lord: The New Testament Song: Regime Killers 2001 Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ CHORUS ] I got some killers on the payroll, and they know When it's time to handle business, nigga, lay low [ Phats Bossi ] Money to double, still in the struggle, stuck to my hustle We all fight back like maniacs with broke knuckles It's mo' trouble cause now we seein you niggas Paint a vivid-ass picture, Boss spittin the scriptures Nigga, I'm Bossi, Bosslin done turned to cash fiend I straight pop codeine and drink gasoline What what, I'm too sick for y'all Tatted with dragons till I fall, givin dick to y'all In this pitfall I'm on the grind for mine My people choose a life of crime, pistol-pushin with nines On the payroll, apply the pressure when we say so My troops turn wacko, shoot through your backdo' My life real, seen a man die slow And I still can't sleep, sweatin bullets fo' sho' So don't push me, Boss is one tough cookie My team Regime, pumpin them shots out a hooptie [ Mad Max ] Who down to rock with the murder plot of a cop killer Drop niggas, spillin they brains, rollin with hot niggas Rot with a club to your face for tryin to rock with us Straight up, get razorblade-cut for fuckin with us Regime superiors, Max Ju spit rhymes, strip mine interior Rippin your shit imperial, kill niggas' material My whole crew ain't fearin ya, Mad Max the High Priest I got some real killer muthafuckas behind me And I be obviously on top of things With the Regime I'm too clean, make it a murder scene Glocks and murder beam, niggas ain't never heard of me Burnin em to the third degree, leavin niggas in the infirmary Wait for recoupin, still choosin your brain, stupid  The Dragon recruited real niggas for thug music So peep game and next time you speak my name Be prepared for incoming from the heat of the flame Regime [ CHORUS ] [ Tech N9ne ] Regime Killer number one, I'm back up in this bitch with Yukmeez On the payroll so I spray those foes, make you get on your knees For the pesos Tech N9na ???? great holes with these You stay yellin you'se a merely killer for the cheese, nigga please Awfully sick, he tryin to fuck, so off with his dick Can't floss and he blitzed, molotow in his lips Tossin his dick in a box of chocolates and walk in his ship Talk to his bitch and whisper (he loved you) softer to kiss (He bows down) You get ???? N9ne ???? (We wild now) You wanna rewind mine, I'm prime time Qwest Records tryin to hold a nigga back So I ???? Saafir and tellin me ???? get his shit back Off with their heads, let them hang high Caught in their beds, let it ???? die Tech Neen, I'm a fiend for strings by Mike Dean For the green I damage spleens, then I scream "Regime!" [ Poppa LQ ] Let's take a out-of-town trip with a thousand crips With a thousand A.K.'s and a thousand clips No 50 Cent can come to Cali and rob nobody Cause gees catch and send his ass back a cold body Young guns'll lay ya down regardless who you are Shit, we make a livin out of extortin you stars Robbin you for your jewelry, snatchin you out your cars Poverty's a plague, I rob before I beg But you don't expect me to score, times are hard You're broke but you're scared to steal and break a law You need not worry 'bout me, I live it raw A hustler with a cause, flippin paper, gotta ball I had to crawl before I walked but now I'm standin tall on em Lookin down on em, 'bout to drop my balls on em It's time for platinum minin, military grindin Right when these suckers ???? start declinin [ Governor Matic ] Yuk threw me on part 2 Regime Brick City niggas mobbin when we come through Nigga, the Governor got it sowed up, spots get blowed up Funk Doc, Diesel Don, yo, them niggas even showed up As I rolled up, the nine Glock get load up For the hold-up, the new hundreds we fold up Confiscate drugs, niggas' mouths get taped up Kids get draped up and bitch up-slapped the make up Then I take up all clothes, jewels and paper You got 'cash money', but you don't wanna run the safe, ha? Nigga, don't play dumb, I'm steady gettin money from those that hold up Used to drink weed tea, now my shit robust Now hold up, car patrolled up It was 12 Outsidaz in a two-door Toyota We splatter brains over crack cocaine In the court we still came to pay Judge Mills Lane Nigga, it's not a question My uzi weighs a ton, 'll have you undressin Like you was strippin down on Western Killers on the payroll, pockets stay swoll Hearts stay cold, that's why we's on payroll [ CHORUS ] Regime Life, niggas Thug rituals Regime Life Thug Lord Regime Life, nigga [ Yukmouth ] Now where them toy soldiers at? There they go, right chea Get them bitches, kill them niggas, there they go, watch it Where them toy soldiers at? There they go, right chea Keep them bitches, kill them niggas, there they go, watch it Get that bitin-ass rapper, wanna-be actor Fake non-playin Basketball nigga that got dropped from the Raptors I spit in your face and slap ya, boy With a .38 kidnap ya, boy Ductape and wrap ya, boy ???? and flash ya, boy  Lascerate and trash ya, boy Mash ya, boy, I hate Master P like Pastor Troy Shame on that nigga for tryin to steal a name from a nigga Ice Cream Man put flames to a nigga I figured by now that nigga done been broke off some scrilla for stealin that shit But until then I'm killin that bitch All you got is Snoop Dogg and Mystikal in your click And all them other muthafuckas are like Mystikal-in your click You're still in this shit, "Fuck Yuk, I ain't feelin his shit' But fuck you too, you fell off and I'm still in this bitch Willing to rip the fuckin head off a villain that's sick My raps burn like ghonorrhea, need penicillin to spit The Thug Lord, Ayatollah, fire the flame Rappers tired in the game, make em retire again Fuck gold, fuck platinum, nigga, I did that shit In '95 and '96, so what you did ain't shit Niggas go triple platinum, nigga, do some amazin shit Some eyebrow-risin shit and quit hatin, ya bitch How the fuck you a mack when you beat down hoes? At videos give a bad-ass bitch a bloody nose Nigga, ???? put you on in '84 You was a crackhead in dirty-ass clothes with dopefiend flows Broke muthafucka out livin on skid row Nigga, you from L.A., you ain't even from the Big O This year them bitch-ass niggas gon' get theirs You swingin from my balls, why you down there smell my dick hairs Ya bitch And Dru Down, the real Mack of the Year, ya bitch-ass nigga Longevity that, huh Bitch [ CHORUS ] Regime Life, nigga Ya bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//yukmouth/godzilla/mobstaz.yuk.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//yukmouth/godzilla/mobstaz.yuk.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Benjilino, Fatal Hussein, Tha Realest, Tech N9ne Album: Godzilla Song: Somebody Gone Die 2 Nite Typed by: flossyicedhotboy2002@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Chorus) [Benjilino] Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight (Verse 1) [Tech N9ne] Hey yo I'm sick as a motherfucker, bitch you a motherfucker You tryin' to diss on a motherfucker like me I'll kill you motherfuckers Its a motherfuckin' shame how the motherfucker came And grabbed my motherfuckin' name, And get to blowin' out ya motherfuckin' brains I fuck hoes like a motherfucker, Even yours you motherfuckers Tech N9ne is a motherfucker, I'll dispose of you motherfuckers Pros, They wanna suck us, +Mitch Bade+ niggaz wanna buck us Get the motherfucker, Hit the motherfucker Kill'em and dont say shit, Motherfucker I'm pissed them a motherfucker, Twist that motherfucker Lift that motherfucker, Hey nigga you my motherfucker Cause you busted on them motherfuckers, Shot up they motherfuckin crew Motherfuckers who diss me, Motherfuck you I'm raw as a motherfucker, Stand tall as a motherfucker Punks is a motherfucker, Pop trunks on these motherfuckers Niggaz is wrong as a motherfucker, Wont get a motherfuckin' thing Trip of this motherfuckin' heat we bring Motherfucker (Chorus) [Benjilino] Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight (Verse 2) [Fatal Hussien] I was raised up to blaze bang blicks Hussien gets pissed if flames spit Watch how pretty the pain get Nigga, High til I die, Burry me a G I'm strapped, A made nigga never worry me, I'm free This is stricly for my niggaz now Bless the dead, You know life goes on, We pour out a lil' liquor now All these niggaz is hoes, And they wanna be Pacs But I'm puttin' presure up on 'em when they under these glocks And these pussies are panicked, To get frantic, Cause me and Yuk here Somebody gonna die, Not me, Nigga I'm stuck here Rap related, Criminally activated and evil I wouldn't want to be you behind my fuckin' Desert Eagle Complete most early on the streets of the east coast Young guns fire, And niggaz bleed smoke Addicted to livin' like a fuckin' felon While beefin with rookie cops, For the cookie rocks niggaz sellin' I'm an Outlaw (Chorus) [Benjilino] Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight (Verse 3) [The Realest] You see our adversaries crumble when we rumble with sick catasrophy Fuck all these niggaz, It's the West in me Thats why I gotta keep a vest with me, And I'mma ride 'til I rest in peace [Yukmouth] Makaveli rest in peace, All these wannabe's like Master P All these niggaz screamin' blastephemy You aint Pac nigga, Tatted up in them magazines Bandanna'ed up in them magazines You aint Pac, Fuck Percy I put him in a hearst where the dirt be I'm blood thristy, 42 shots like James Worthy These lames in the game aint worthy to touch meals, Ya heard me I bust 30 in your P. Miller ?? jersey The Dirty Dirty is better off without you Double X-L (XXL) doubt you, Wrote a fucked up ad about you Cause you wack as fuck, You need to let ya kids bust Quit fuckin' off ya brothers careers and give that shit up Mini me nigga wanna be somebody else Rappin' like ya Tupac, Can't be yaself That'll get you shot, Better be somebody else Everybody on No Limit sound like somebody else You got a nigga that sound like Dru (Down), A nigga like Mystikal A white boy like Eminem, The bitin' is critical Ya son wanna be Bow Wow, The shit is pitiful What a bitch nigga would do for a hundred mil' or two Fuck off his niggaz too, Cali aint feelin' you I bet C-Murder locked up thinkin' bout killin' you Nigga, Rap-A-Lot Mafia we get the scrilla too Roll with a thousand niggaz too, You bitin' ass nigga you (Chorus) [Benjilino] Somebody gonna die tonight Get all of my niggaz, time to ride tonight Disrespect a killa and them bullets gonna fly tonight A nigga gonna die tonight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ N.W.A, Tech N9ne Album: Thugged Out: The Albulation Song: Stallion Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Dr. Dre]  The motherfucking saga continues.. [Eazy-E] It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it It's the world's biggest dick Don't matter just don't bite it But does she suck a good dick? Don't matter just don't bite it She swallowed it.. [Skit: Erotic Conversation] Awww shit, I want to come, turn.. turn around I want you to sit on it, sit on it.. GODDAMN!! - I said ride my dick not bend my dick, SHIT!! [Narrator #1: Husband] Does your bitch know how to ride your dick? Would you consider your bitch to be a stallion? Well, my bitch didn't, so I went out and bought the newest book of art booklet The Art of Riding Dick!! [Narrator #2: Wife] Lesson three - First your straddle the rock hard dick Gettin' ready for positioning Now, it's time to shut clears, face down, ass up As he begins rocking, and out of your wet pussy Pushing back harder, urging him to fuck your harder And before you know it - SPLASH!! [Tech N9ne] Kick it slow, is the tempo, and Tech is gonna flow As I engaged up all this page to let you know How the nigga be runnin' the game on these dames like ahh.. Nigga, with the money and women and the.. All with the motherfuckin' dick better.. Greetings, better ride up off no bekin Seriously speakin, for the 99 I'm reachin' Seakin, got the number and now I'm wonderin' if she bogus Now my focus, just to bop her, just like Orville Reddenbacher Check it out, she was a thick ass young, up in Timberland Went to Buddah at thursday night, the bitch acts strange Wore her sweat suits, so she can hide that good I'm tryin' to get it up in that hog, like tinger woof Soccer shit, I listen to an every problem down my dick It's hope, she stick in the bop in time to hit  I bought her close and told her I'll be there She got a man, I got a woman, but now I'm playin' with coochie hair Now it's on, now it's on, fuck the phone Cause when I'm hittin' the stresses are all gone Now, she's beggin' me to knock her pussy dead I already got my plan, just cause I'ma take her to the bed Then I'ma give her a show here, then I'ma run that ass down like a procaire Now, she is askin' about multiple dicks Shit, I'm on some more mason manipulative shit You're best be friend.. Late night, when you're rollin' in the streets Creepin, call on me alone Stallion, baby, I'm need of your love  Creep with me, cause you know, you're my good friend [Yukmouth] Aiy, aiy, aiy, once I was kickin' at the drive-in Left the car full of motherfuckers drove-in Yo, at first I thought they was going to start some trouble  But no, four niggaz smokin' weed inside a brand new Tex' Bauble Now, what you niggaz think? - they got me chronic and that's slogan All I see is niggaz chokin' and that fuckin' window smokin' And I'm over here havin' a fit, cause this bitch that I'm wit Got me smokin' on that Bomb of weed shit, I'm like damn!! They need to walk over to the GS To purchase up sack of chronic instead of fuckin' with this 3S So I told that bitch, that I'm with That I'm goin' to get some more cigars Then got the fuck out the car Went to the next corner, looked through the window It seemed they're smokin' Indo with some bitches I knew They let me in y'all, and my turn was like next I snatched their Mot and guzzled their shit, like overtry from the Sess Here it go ahead, hit it, hit it Passed me the weed, she snatched my dick up out my drawers Then gave a nigga some Head-To-Toe with it I didn't cum for that shit that she does Then break her scrikkie scratch nikkie, cause she shiest out Pinky bitch sciddie caver Spigotty splash goes the cum, as I bust nut Bust nut, all in her face, suck a blunt up then raised the fuck up Back to the car pretend I never sinned You can be my stallion and play girl I'll be your friend You're best be friend.. [MC Ren] 90 percent of these bitches still want to nut One and two, what the fuck would you niggaz do, if that shit was you? Bitches be all in a nigga grill, want to sneak to taste Want the niggaz to nut all up in their face, I fuck these whores any place The Villain don't be havin' to fuck them when I let them see it When I open their shit and start gabblin, so be it I get loony, I make their mouths all yakie If she wanna love me long time when thee suckie suckie With the attitude, this is part three Part four be the shit when your bitch looks for me Ugh, Villain be watchin' these whores jumbin' like crickets Tryin' to find a nigga Hotel so their ass can lick it This is for my nigga E, this is how the shit supposed to be Talkin' about these stinky whores constantly But the Villain keep the nigga shit goin' Long as my motherfuckin' dick keep growin' Ugh, Ren and Yuk, really don't give a fuck, with that nigga Tech N9ne He'll freeze up your spine, tryin' to fuck with mine Ugh, all my niggaz shit Cause this bitch sucked that hellified dick [Hook: MC Ren] Shakin' that ass like the soul shaker Now, she is dancin' on the floor with a skirt no panties on I saw her hangin' in the alley Braggin' to her friends how she whorin' in the valley [Narrator #3: Wife] There you have it, a job well done Yeah, awww shit, (*Moaning*) [Outro: Erotic Conversation] Take it, take it, take it to the Tech N9ne and take it back on Then I want you to Yukmouth and take  And take MC Ren and take  To join the whole fuckin' basehead  Yeah, yeah, give me, give me.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Madd Maxx, Phats Bossalini, Poppa L.Q., Tech N9ne Album: Thugged Out: The Albulation Song: Thugged Out Typed by: The_Mobb_Click@hotmail.com Yo! Let's do this! Uh! Uh-oh, uh-oh! Ha! Uh-oh, uh-oh! Ha! Uh-oh, uh-oh! Uh-oh, uh-oh! Regime nigga! Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out the Regime up in this bitch! Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out  first nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out Throw up yo hands if you Thugged Out first nigga act up, first nigga gettin drugged out [Verse 1: Yukmouth] I do this for the real killas, and drug dealers affiliated wit Mobb niggas, and blood spillas put a slug through you tough niggas 1-800-Thugs-R-Us no Dragon tattoo on you, nigga no love from us in thugs we trust niggas get rushed like hot whitend snuff  Up yo nose, I fuck up yo flows leave my competition ass froze We tag on they toes, I'm as cold as Pocinos Enemies get tied to a pole, blindfold then I unload [Verse 2: Tech N9ne] Thugged Out, my choppers oblivion speakin the opposite of Carribean in Tropolis poppin my z-z in true clocker from welfare recipiants type of a crispy an anamalisitc Tupac-er my race Caristian Jedi rhyme the way I spits ahead of my time give me a Billboard, an you bet I climb you mutha fuckas I love rukus thug, makin you hug crutches stayin away from you nothin but bum bustas the empire is back an we bugged out Phats, Keke, Maxx, Poppa L.Q., Gonzoe an my nigga Yukmouth these bitches beggin me to come to menage-a-trois but Muslims hear us say, "humdu Allah" they fly, that's on the crew nigga you cannot block the Regime from makin knots no matter what you do nigga ya black an blue nigga undercovers like Malik Yoba lyrically Nina's usin a force like Yoda! [Verse 3: Madd Maxx] Nigga this Madd Maxx  you cross the Regime, you get yo life took we get it fuck the good book true thug niggas that turned to real crooks robbin the microphone, you get yo brain shook I told ya we takin over soldier a sober niggas rollin Rover's me, Ke, Gonz, Yuk, Tech 9, an Phats on ya all ready wit the caulked gage, buggin out Oklahoma  fuck a Corona we drinkin 8-Balls until we fall out if you got a problem wit the Regime, your souls called out we all out for war  these niggas don't want no more I'm takin over like Michael Jordan an I'm the first to score so fuck you fake ass niggas who be plannin a plot I take yo block over wit the nitroglycerian rock they got us fucked up [Verse 4: Phats Bossalini] They got us fucked up I've been tough since a young buck nothin to prove lots of pain plus some war cuts it ain't shit, but a thang to me dangerously I play the man you claim to be niggas strike back gun fight, we had to hype back this is the Phats see dream like a Fat Kat they wanna funk, we get dressed in black Cock the strap, screamin Regime til they bust back it's Mobb-symboly, I die you remember me tatted wit Dragons in a custom coffin Bently Simply, I'm down to blast so don't tempt me I'm hella drunk, an hella blown off the geniti fuck wit me see these killas in mine buildin this shrine to feed these fuckin children of mine uh  look in my eyes as I bleed the Regime nigga (Regime nigga, Regime nigga) havin a pile of money machine [Verse 5: Poppa L.Q.] No I've never been to the pen but I did a county bid an I ain't dumb enough to speak on the dirt I've did guess somebody caught the killer before the police did find him in the car leakin from dope over split wigs deadly lyrics to spit makin sure the killas feelin my shit explicit lyrics an adult content shot callas representin at all the major events and gang bangin got the streets juss way too tense I learned to deal wit it I'm in the Fields, windows tinted on my wheel wit the steel in it we keep puffin an rollin real wit it that jury linin, showcasin our diamonds to benifits of a long time grindin, enjoyin the fruits of our labor and rented suits from my tailors some young playas, strivin for greater you know it's all bad let's make it all good pushin the Cavvy to touch the Navvi wit the leather an wood  it's Regime nigga! [Verse 6: Yukmouth] The hardest nigga from the "O" my flow is certified theme music for organized crime  niggas that burglurised banks, and murdered guys for they pies reach for the sky techniques like Robert DeNiro in "Heat" Karl Kani's  no disguise, in the middle of the street buckin at police fuck police got a Range Rove jeep wit 12 open faced gold teeth a Rolex piece Cuban Links, crops, an bracelets but that ain't shit, to leave a nigga naked, duct taped wit they bitch  in the basement Where the safe is?  Big faces cops raided, but ended up gettin they fuckin squad car grenaded You want blazed shit? I spit the nitroglycerian that's smoother than a pair of new cinnamon Timberlands get Benjamin's but be no P Diddy I'm from a city called Weed City see these Regime niggas be wit me fuck Christy juss Remmy true thugs do drugs an come up wit hits like Jimmi Hendricks shock the world like Snoop at No Limit Yuk signed to Rap-A-Lot, yeah nigga I ain't a playa, I juss mack-a-lot pack the gat tryin to snatch yo watch in the back of the lot keep my shit for underground fragment rock jackpot J struck it rich hit the Lottery the top comidity blood on wallet be from robbin sprees rock Phat Farm, wit tats all over my arm bullet wounds like a nigga fresh back from 'Nam Yo nigga get yo mash on {*echoes out*} [Talking] (How old were you, Mr. Washington when you hit the streets permanently?) Maybe 10 (How did you live?) I became a runner (A drug runner) That's right (Could you give us a description of how you lived, the next few years) I kinda moved up. I lived where the money goes Then I got busted, 2 and 1/2 in ?? (And when you got out) I got a piece of turf to myself. Took it. One block at a time Nobody stopped me 