The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Introduction Typed by: OHHLA.com [Wyclef Jean - responding to an overlord voice]   THE YEAR Two-thousand and seventeen master!   THE MAN Every two-thousand years a prophecy is prophesized   THE MISSION To carry out the word of the shephard into this cold world that just keeps folding   THE GROUP I don't know...   WHO IS THE GROUP Tran...Tranzlators!! [Lauryn Hill] What can make a mighty man run? Make him drop his pride and hide? Too black, too strong... WRONG Spook, Sambo, Nigga, Jig You ain't so bad, nor big White sheets make you sad Fraid you're gonna hang, ahhh Now THAT'S a black thang Boy, you scared of me BOO! See Hide nigga hide, flee nigga flee run nigga run If I got my hood, my cross, my tree my gun My rope And it's a long one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Nappy Heads Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef] Why am I trapped in a cage? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Barber can I get a fade? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Teacher teacher check my grades (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) I grab the mic in a RAGE... You maintain to put a negro in pain you used to diss me "You sure you wanna hang with old Eddie Kane?" (+The Five Heartbeats+) Ain't nuttin wrong, so snap your head to the song Word is bond, you get wrong, I'll have you sing like Louis Armstrong And I say to myself, WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD But what the fuck was so wonderful bout pickin cotton -- on a farm? The harder they come, the harder they fall, so come one come all Don't stall or I'ma stick you like a voodoo doll Doors locked stop draw for the count, who drops? Ten-nine-eight-seven-six-five-four-three-two-one- -you-slept-on-a-kid-from-the-boondocks Out of Hooterville land of the ill kill Bellsburg Viking so you know I'm top ranking Phil Some say newcomer like the yuma but save the rumor Cause I've been rockin ever since eighty-three when I used to rock my Pumas Rap, narcotic psychotic so hear the sentencin One out of ten, I'm passin the mic next time I'll get WICKED Heard the man who went before, got intimated You tried to gas me up, too much gas, you got intoxicated You wasn't ready for the real'n, dealin, chillin Wyclef, no competition when I'm bringin pure death I'm jumpin like a monkey to get mines off a-from a caterpillar, to the mic moth (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Teacher teacher check my grades (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) I coulda sworn I had an A (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) I grab the mic in a RAGE... [Pras] You put, one and one together now you think you a rapper Baseball cap backward, forearms swingin like a hip-hopper You do the rhyme, thinkin no one can stop ya I be the followin that chop ya down as I clock ya, hah When I say five-oh, I mean fifty not guns or cops Now here's the heavyweight knocker, the freedom fighter Natural rhythm rock a mic I always rhyme I'm never drinkin vodka Any old style, I throw it in a locker [Lauryn Hill] Well I'm a Gucci rocker, I never drank no vodka Me got no bag of cheeba cause I never had a knocker My cousin's name was Shaka, for short we called him 'Aka I flip it on wack MC's because to me they flow like caca [Pras] You boogie move the groove, nothing to prove you lose Your style remind of yesterday, old news Sad sung blues who's, chose the one to feel the pain or bring the cane, tick-tock I come to pick your lock It's not for capital gain So watch out for the remain, or cry from bloodstain Bustin nuts, bustin style Gettin buckwild some think I'm the descendant of a wilder child Comin on the mic, from a higher level Broke is no joke/choke the hell out of the devil [Wyclef] (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) What about Martin? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) What about Malcolm? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Rosa Parks? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) You hung a man after dark (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Cease the violence! (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Yo who got the power, to make a man raise from the dead? Some said that it was Jesus, they said he was a notty dread But I don't mean to confuse a world that's confused Mind's atomic, so like a bomb, let me drop it Can't get too deep, cause some sleep while I wake in a dream that's made of wine but let me bring it back to grapes Teacher, explain the parable, it's simple: It's easier for the camel to go through the eye of a needle than for you to enter the kingdom, or battle and walk away, with the title when I get, brutal Feelings are mutual so sign your life, to Prudential Don't even flinch, the other becomin spiritual There's six million ways to die but choose four cause I can still be in the desert buttnaked and be HARDCORE! [Lauryn Hill] When ? checks that means pump your fist Remember Moses people, this is Exodus Don't try to stop this, the force comes from Genesis Them who did us wrong, ask the Lord for forgiveness The man got a drum, made the land of the dumb We droppin the bass drum, then we ?? You can't kill the battle with a ?? .. feeling Joshua So march to St. Lawrence Yo march I got your back, march! [Wyclef] Crown Heights (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Cease the violence (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) A moment of silence (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) for those who died (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Public Enemy (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) number one (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Fredric Douglass (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Harriet Tubman (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) ?? (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Bob Marley (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) Prazwell (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) To my man Khalid (THE NAPPY HEADS ARE COMIN OUT) [Lauryn Hill] Now, speak of resistance, we're nappy heads Rhymes, kinks, braids and dreads The mother of creation, epitome of creativity, yeah and keep your heads nappy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) Album: Blunted On Reality Song: Blunted On Reality (Blunted Interlude) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro) (*inhales, then coughs*) Ay, nigga pass me the blunt (Go get the fuck outta here, oh shit) (*inhales and coughing continues*) Ay, pass this over here man, so we can just cipher youknowI'msayin'? (Cip, yo, this is for dolo son (*inhales*) Yo, man, c'mon pass the blunt man (Yo champ, champ, champ) Yo, pass the blunt man (hold it man) Whassup man? (Yo, hold it up, aight, take the fuckin' blunt) Yeah, whassup? (Damn) (*inhales continue*) I ain't even get charged yet (C'mon man, let's cip man about the good ol' days man youknowI'msayin'? (yeah) See man, white man tryin' to keep this away from us man youknowI'msayin'? (Uh-hmm) Cause they know when you grab this man you just be ciphin' knowledge man, knowledge as we buildin' up man That's why they want no brothers to be out here man, youknowI'msayin'? That's why they try to make it illegal man (...you far, you far from reality...) Yo, check this out man, this is, a natural herb man youknowI'msayin'? It makes your body just and your mind just go to another... (Yo, but hold - money you is talkin' too, much) Yo, yo, yo man, yo we just ciphin' man (...talkin' that, pass the motherfuckin' blunt) I know you Latin shit, burn the fuck out (I hate when motherfuckers do that shit)... (Wyclef Jean) Y'all know there's a lot of emcees but just give my CHANCE ON THE MIC!! Open the, open the, open the, open the, open the, open the AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!! Open the safe with no key, it's easier than battlin' me Cause uh-uh, I'll make you walk like a doggy Some say on and on, but they mean ON-ON!! I got tired of that new style - BREAKDOWN!! I have to take it back to the break of dawn When Melle Mel was Melle Mel and Al Capone was Al Capone Bootleg is sellin' now it's rap that's sellin' in the village But I'm just privileged to makin' my home from my spirit So when you hear me it's the man with the deeper thoughts At night I can't sleep my brain keep movin' like a body on a horse I don't stand, don't stand, don't wife me I construct on bricks Some thoughts it wasn't until he said: "He sunk my battleship" So hip-hip, load the clip, hip, I miss - DAMN!! I pay my taxes so I won't mess with Sam Ya hear the rhyme you stand still, some ask for refill We move your thoughts so I can see if you for fake or real Cause Buffalo Bill bit battle inside from my rap meal And left me on a hill-hill, so when I battle no will So mama should I kill a man like Cypress Hill, chill I got no lawyer so I pleadin' my own appeal How does it feel - when a monkey is your ill in a J-A-I-L? I have no time to make bail Saw someone to be macho like fritches that got the lyro So they had it at bein' a heroes, where did their bodies go, only God knows You got caught, between the fire and the hoses You wanna battle? Bring your Moses Forget what fun-what time Moses and someone goin' down and it ain't Gastor Douglass Cause the roughest with the guy, becomes a pussy So all the bad boy talk, come on cause I'm the nice dog, yeah hawk Throw many fights in fought courts boss Never lost, so toss a nickel and change your course Say mama say mama say mama say what? (Chorus: Wyclef Jean and Lauryn Hill) Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality (Lauryn Hill) Aiyyo, huh-huh, ho with the badder that run the (TENT!!) Who walks really for lack of listenin' to the drum-set You silly nimble bad as to my car don't put the bass oh on the table test the super lantra You got caught all that toe with twenty-thousand legs I'm laughin' arrogantly as your nostril bleeds hehehehehe... Relax and max and drink a Gin on the Tech Well their gatin' for another pirate to lose his neck, check I got a call from Captain Hook in so quick We used to be partners 'fore the clip stole my rapper I had to be right cause you fight like it was a bitch I had to change the rhythmic pattern and make sure it fit So now when I go and see with she I thought the pirates through a telescope and bomb 'em like it's make-believe Blow me my sword I out for my protection Cause I might ship on landin' side and start an insurrection A pirate had disguised himself as one of my crew But I saw true and had to shake a him before he got through Hey, hey guy the loot the booty, I formed like a ram I gave an ultimatum and told him he could do time But he argued and fought me, he tried to bust right And so I took it upon myself to make the brother walk the plank (Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill) Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality (Pras) Fo'-to-the-fo'-to-the-fi-fe-come I smell the blood of an Englishman run son Ya see the man cannot understand The hammer and the barrel hum So when I get them someone will know where the hell I'm from Cause I'm sprayin' emcees with my mack ten machine gun The hand that rocks will be the hand of the gun bum Rum-pum-pum-pum-pum is the drop of my snare drum Freak-k-k-k-kin' is the beat of my tum-tum Makin' emcees walk like a doggy, hah-hah, I'll make them walk like a doggy It's like the blunt to the phillie, the ganja to the sessy You can't write a rhyme without the roots men-mentality Cause ain't no milli-vanilli but the kiddy with the skilly to rhyme so dope I made up my own vocabulab-skilly Missed it from a bomber-tacky lackin' all the bum that get her to a to and fro, I guess they made me boy So can I get the cheers, not the chant from cheers But the chant from my peers that I know are really down with me (CHEERS!!) Now that I mean those that been since the beginnin' (cause some of y'all cut out when it started rainin') Now check me at the movies I'm rollin' like Black Man I didn't need Batman, he teamed up with the favourite - EH!! Tell all your friend-friend, watch all your friend-friend Cause some say are your friend before wanna dem bring you poison So I roll by myself and that I carry my (BIT!!) You wished you stayed around, you know my clip got the (LIP!!) So empty your hooray, your hooray to your hip And if your hip's a book you know you got to get off bricks man (Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill) Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality Some thought we were blunted when we wrote this Cause we were far, from reality The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Recharge Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "And when you feelin down.. recharge!" [Wyclef] Now and, forevers, them emperors, are nova The lovin, the huggin, will never be over [Pras] Back up back up boy, don't get me started Still the MC, hit the target, you get bombarded yeah Affect the minds, let the blind evaporate Let me elaborate, ohhhhh nooooooo (it's too late) Push the button, cause I'ma get ?? Pass me a SCUD missle, so I can bomb the land [Wyclef] Yo Pras (what?) Yo Pras (what?) Some start to wonder Some see lightning, some hear THUNDER Shades of a black man, maybe the black panther Makin MC's run when it come to rappin I'm the Darth Vader I'm not regular, consider me ir-regular from the regular rapper ones that lumber But I come from a slum where many bum Sometimes I cooled out, while my boys were in prison I always told them that right, overrules wrong cause ever since a boy mama told me judgment they will come son So I watch what I do, what I say, how I PLAY and hope that I make it through the next day Cause the streets are like a jungle, they got me say OH-AY-OH-AY-OH, cause Tarzan's a black man So I'm waiting for a break in the record company so I could take you MC's, back to camp I mean Cause with a flick of my wrist, I come rewind another RHYME I got more rhymes than a church got WINES Ever since middle school, I used to, rule The ?? mule, people called my talent beautiful Never lost a battle, they thought I was buckWILD ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? They didn't know that a ReFugee could rock so well So here's the resurrection, of Pras, Wyclef, and L Check me or my team as I recharge your body (4X) [Pras] Livin to be given, chillin like Bob Dylan Like Michael I'm Thrillin, I'm not dealin to be illin Runnin a mask ??, like the task force The cause is laws, the laws that broke your jaw now I'm, gettin raw on a thing like a mean machine (Why you runnin around with the same old thing? Humm.. you know what I mean, yeah) I search and search, I start to faint but never never never fall in entertain Don't beam me up Scotty, I'm audi like John Gotti Drivin in black Caddy [Lauryn Hill] Success for the next man is success for myself Vanity's vanity yet I still wanted wealth I know there's a true God, but it still makes me think of Yusef.. now is the notty dread dead? Believe in the Bible because it promise eternity Six six six, that makes you, my adversary So I, watch my back and hopin I don't get taxed I used to, rip the rapper cause they said we'd been said wack I know what the critics they say, keep it commercial I used to freestyle, but everything now is rehearsal I miss the old school, so tell me what will I do? I guess I'll start a revolution with the Tranzlator Crew, so.. [Wyclef] Check me or my team as I recharge your body (8X) Check it out all MC's I'm about to pull out my slingshot Here it comes! 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me onnnnnnnnnnne 	Me come for them alllllllll 	Me lick me one one one, lick bumba rum 	Follow me follow me follow me follow me 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me onnnnnnnnnnne 	Me come for them alllllllll 	Me lick me one one one, lick bumba rum 	Follow me follow me follow me follow me 	(Me lick me one one) [Wyclef] They label me (WHAT?) the MC psycho Prim' you up, but don't mistake me for Sunoco Cuss to get loose, now you got the micro' Joe Who talkin about hope? Poquito dinero means I work hard, but got no money, and that ain't funny Hey honey when you work for free see it's hard to get a lady baby But they say good things come to those wait So I wait, no ego trip, and on the mic I penetrate Elevate as I battle for high stakes Many gamble, I eat you like an ANIMAL cause he gambled for the dime that he didn't have He woke up in a dream and found his body in a body bag Wyclef pissed cause, oh what I really said is is I'm that funky, big up def in pig latin man, hah A lot of rappers try to outrap, but miss me yo But I'm askin every teachers everything he know There's always one trick, to make em slip So let me predict in pure trick I'm sure the rap form will recharge 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me one, me lick me one one 	Me lick me onnnnnnnnnnne 	Me come for them alllllllll 	Me lick me one one one, lick bumba rum 	Follow me follow me follow me follow me Check them style out of Wy and Prazwell Bad man fire M-16 Police man fire AK-47 Soldier man... them a fire ?? and them gun shoot for.. woy! Bad man fire M-16 Police man fire AK-47 Soldier man... them a fire ?? and them gun shoot for.. woy! [undecipherable chat] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Vocab (LP Version) Chorus  You got the vocab  I got the vocab  You got the vocab  You know I got the vocab  You got the vocab  I got the vocab  Hey, yo pass the mic so I can tell 'em I got the gift o' gab Monkey see, monkey what? Monkey, monkey be yourself. (x3) Hey yo catch me when I'm sober, but now I drink for the belt. So pass the root straight to the right hand side. Make no mistake that the buzz is a natural high. I said it's big emergency mind your busy body He hit me. I broke his nose. The referee's Mr Fuji. So hey to the blue jay, mocking bird don't mock. The last bird who mocked he got caught in my roughneck chicken pot. So Mr Rooster give me a crookedy croo at 6am He looked at me a laughin' said my music would make F.M. Station. You're Haitian. You'll never get nowhere. But I sweared on my grandmother grave we'd be here. So now when I back track I back track far enough to make a nigga run and leave his tongue back. You think I'm cool I think you're cruel so here's a shell cap. On your gluteus maximus and leave ya handicapped. Ratatatat. Chorus Hoboes above leave the boat for the Pope (?) (x3) Boat people here we go Hi De Hi De Hi De Ho Yeah Some quest for the truth, some bust a loop. And search for some knowledge that come runnin' in the woods. And if I should a choose to be one Then I will be a ???? hoodin' with books and look to kill. My proof is in my puddin' If I chill in the hood would you be say that I'm hoodin'? Now. Let me exercise a new style that will brutalise MCs into a warpath genocide. Nobody move, nobody get hurt. It's a homocide So jump jump punks ready to get stuck. Evil Kenevil was my man, someone for the stunts. I'm mostly fillies, I'm just straight up front, ha. Meat ya tryin' to light up you get blast like nitrogen. Runnin' for mercy, runnin' for oxygen. Bad L.A. meat you're better off comittin' suicide. I shoot the lip so high I strip you of your carbon dioxide Rock-a-bye the lullaby he be singin' 'Oh my'. Boof Baff another son a go die. What's the matter with the black man? (Black man) (x2) Now a statistic. So dreams of her become realistic. Poor bastard gets mystic I don't believe you checked the psychic Emancipate your mind. Don't set the limit. Reach the summit. Free your spirit 'cause your blunted  From the lyrics I just stuttered. 'Live off the streets' says the brother with the machete. 'Live off the lady' says the brother with the glock in patrol. I live logically, no weak slave to poverty. You see it's very easy to slip between the asphalt sheet. Brothers from my way they used to get mad plays. Till they caught us bustin' doughnuts 'til the break of day. Brother, my brother, you played me undercover. She wouldn't be your lover so now you tried to dis her For sister. You missed her but ask yourself a question. Can I make a suggestion? I need a true confession. Is she skivs 'cause the skin that she's in makes you sin? Does you hit her just to get her integrate another sister? Mister. I asked him for a hanky. He asked if he could spank me. So why'd you disrespect me, sir? Were you thinking I'm misguided or were you tryin to hide it That you had no father figure. Which? Check out your wackness. It won't distrust my blackness. I wonder for a smack, but don't think that it would help this. What's the matter with the black man (Black man) All original gunman dem original good (Bahahahahahahaha) (x2) Come jackin' it up an' I bad an' me fell in ma booby trap With a rappin' up for the eight track play back laid back sit back An I'll ???? an me runnin' ???? as a matter a fact 'Cause I trappin' a back like a cool six pack now bring it back. Woah! United we stand, divided we crumble. What's the flavour? More Babylon, more Babylon, more Babylon fall (x2) These days every man want to be a god. Lay down the gun every man on the floor. But the real gunman him not play Hollywood role. Because he pull out his gun and send another boy down. Watch us bleed. Another gunman go bleed. Watch us bleed. If I used up all my dust I got ???? Watch us bleed. Me up an' comin' ready. Watch us bleed. Watch us for original Tranzlator Crew. Oh, er, every time we come, we come correct, see. We out. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) f/ Mad Spider Album: Blunted On Reality Song: Boof Baf Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Wyclef Jean)  I'm Chill-Master-Nell of a thousand emcees  But how are you gonna tell the real I bust from these fo' knees  Cause he sees everyone with a deal with a record company  They go home, they write a rhyme, they think they ready to battle better  Some write forward, some write backward  I wait for them to get the cheeba-ganja then reverse yo  With a verse that's worse than the last one  some say BOO! he's the po he used to diss Jamaicans  and Hatians cause you thought I was American  Ay Pras, remember that song they sang, YEAH!!  Go back to Jamaica, what's good is what's new  But now we move off with Uncle's with a trail-crate of COOLER!!  (Pras)  I'm from the island, the island I'm from is the strong island  Emcees must be right, when I syke from lack of freestylin'  Mind must be sharp until my holler girl, I get all in  Black stylin', ridin', Boof'll be trappin'  When they come to battle champ see the shoes flappin'  Huh, coolin' while I'm rappin'  (Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (Wyclef Jean)  Said if you write with pencil you must write with (PEN!)  If you have a rooster you must have a (HEN!)  Five plus five you know that equals to (TEN!)  Then spit the yellow man, check it to groove-to-groove site  (Pras)  One, two, I throw a flow to catch it  Three, four, back she know before the track miss  I FUCK ya when style go, to wreck this static  (But yo sister, grab the mic and do damage!!)  (Lauryn Hill)  Aiyyo I used to drive a hooptie, check me down swoopie  Rollin' with the Jones' but I different homozones  See life's got no value if I ain't got no statue  Hannibal heads, I be the kid from "Timbuktu"  One, two, zip me-me, check the mic I'm ready  Three, four, please the army - "Oh God", with Uzi's  So what, converse man, the chicken or the hoodie  get the - hoodie came first then mans' then would be Nancy  To kill the Jesse James rough, step back, check your steps  I'll love your theory like the chi-chi-woo-woo-boogie-man  You say I'm balanced but you're Silence of the Lambs  And when I call your name I say Candyman, Candyman, Candyman  Cause I can, can, yes, I can, can  (Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (Wyclef Jean)  Well I'm on fire (FIRE), FIRE (FIRE), FIRE (FIRE)  So let me re-light your viacom  And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!!)  And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!!)  And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!!)  And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!!)  All that movin' I call my nozzle you see I was an electronic  You listen to your lyrics in chime - your Panasonic  The ly-ly-ly-lyricaler, the di-di-di-digital  Pras take the mic man, you know you're really critical  (Pras)  Stall emcees-soft-put 'em up for-er-Death Row (yeah)  Rhyme and cultural, style and never old  Slashed the priest-fool, ooh, you're filth-swolled  (Wyclef Jean)  I say no to spliff but my friends still smoke ?Juano?  Coolin' it, coolin' it, coolin' it  Somebody chuck me-who the who'd you think?  hold the mic, hold the mic, I shoot 'em  down with my last one, last one, last one, last one and  (Boo-shoo-coo-coo!!) SMOKE!!  I got my bullet-proof and now to send my bozack  (Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (Mad Spider)  Rich rap come from the brothers in the neigborhood  who used to rap on a Polaroid - here comes Father Joe  Let me clock the block as I pull fo'-five  Boof Baf - I cut the block with gat-stops  I used to play hookie just to see how good an emcee was  He said I bust a battle - aight, I still took a gun  No cheeba, cheeba just a Libra on a last ride  I waited so long that I thought I died and came back alive  So hear the spirits, many fear, ?Sir New Stosser?  This the new thing under the Sun, when I come, I come  Bam-bam, alakazam, he grabbed the mic  up the block they ran, I came back with the bag  cause that's my momma man  I'm just patrollin', move off in the block  but the spot that I clock, you get shot if your numbers' about  So don't get caught in the fast lane, the fast lane  A just remain yourself and be the same  Cause many rapper-days, say nuttin' for nuttin'  So here's sut-um to take you from the am to the pm  (Pras)  Cause a imitator could never be greater than the creator  whose the originator, step up infiltrator  See you in the alligator - back stabbin' traitor  Tape recorder, duplicator, roughly rhymin' with the head tranzlator, hah!  AND LEAVE THE FORTY TO BE NAUGHTY IN THE FRIDGERATOR!!!  (Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck punk, try  (BOOF BAF!!), another sound of a guy  (BOOF BAF!!), never boy, duck...  (Wyclef Jean)  Say gun-man (BOOF BAF!!) say tell me where you get your (???) from (BOOF BAF!!)  You musta get it from the foreign land (BOOF BAF!!)  We want to shoot up the old a Babylon (BOOF BAF!!)  Pay the man to rhyme onto it  Say gun-man (BOOF BAF!!) say tell me where you get your (???) from (BOOF BAF!!)  You musta get it from the foreign land (BOOF BAF!!)  You want to kill your own brother man (BOOF BAF!!), ay, ay, ay (BOOF BAF!!)  (*undecipherable singing*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) Album: Blunted On Reality Song: Temple Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro/Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  Delivered straight from the temple  Hip-hop ya don't stop  One o' clock, two o' clock, three o' clock, ROCK!!  (Lauryn Hill)  Well as an infant I was born into religion  My mother called me back - this brother she forgot to mention  Was just one baptist - me! The stories o' God sent  His only forgotten sooonnn who gave his life  to make sure that I would have one  As I learned in Sunday School, he's got to care  of who's ready to disrespect, my mother and father would be Taboo  But as I grew, I met a Jew, a Catholic  and the pastor just couldn't figure out where baptist fit  Hastily ya paid me that'cha make me sing  Brother has confronted me, mister (????)  I get Jehovah, a Buddha or shall I call you Adder  or though rich for tellin' me brother  I just like to be a scholar on the subject called realogy  So that's how I might figure  why they call themselves Christians, ya still call me nigga  And off to store a black hole leaves no control over thought  I leave my body to see the pits  go high when the physical takes control  No communications with the inner stealth  The prize is the up the wise, wise who has a spiritual health  Now to explain they had the problems/visions of gettin' along with herself  She bought a corner, cornered herself and becomes a mourner  Logic brothers...  (Ahhh, yo sister can Praswell and Wyclef get some, check it out)  (Chorus: Wyclef Jean)  Delivered straight from the temple  Hip-hop ya don't stop  One o' clock, two o' clock, three o' clock, ROCK!!  (Wyclef Jean)  Delivered straight from the (TEMPLE), I had no time to (SAMPLE)  My cousin's name was (SAMUEL), I wasn't allowed to use the turntables  My dad was a preacher, so rap music was your devilism  And if it wasn't say: Thank You Lord, I couldn't listen  So why you s-sneak to listen to DJ Red Alert?  To check the competition, a DJ Red Alert goes berserk  Cause as a young lad, I had a big rap pad  Cause he who wanted to practice would someday be the greatest guy  So I checked them as they flippin' sometimes  they're not flippin', they think they rippin'-rappin'  the only rappin' they doin' is in they room before they packin'  You gained the world sucker, but you lost your soul  (The devil approach you us, all you do is tell a foe)  Life after death could be eternal fire  So some get blunted but you're back all on this when it's all over  Mama said that blunt was a stunt to the brain  So some say: I don't smoke but on a sneak-tip he sniff coke  He won the lotto but now he dies of an overdose  While the bum he picked a hole to sleep he wanted a deep throat  So ask yourself the question: Who's really maxin'?  Cause some check in but don't check out and either Hell or Heaven high  But to some Earth is Hell and Heaven's death  So they predict to be Haiti's and kill till there's nothin' left, hah  But I'ma hit with a gun, that's harder than all guns  Mic check from the temple, check the Tech  (And start the nuzzle to get wreck)  Can I get a witness? (Check the Tech)  Get wreck (Check the Tech), check the Tech  (And start the nuzzle to get wreck), can I get a witness?  (Check the Techs), here we go yo  Well I arrive let me tell you what I see in my third eye  Many die they call a battle, they got crucified  Justice, is righteous, in the eyes of the beholder  While the, younger the better but the, older the wiser  Mama used to read in deep from the book of powers  But the bird said the word was absurd, have ya heard?  Knowledge - I come to teach while I increase ya decrease  Some say peace, but on a street a .45's my piece  (Pras)  Hallelujah, hallelujah, praise me two things  try all my cheap - COME!!  On the nineteenth of October I remember  startin' my life as a natural leaver  Cause I lick one-two-three-four-five-six-seven shots  While any priest here builds his church on a solid rock, hit me  So feel the spirit comin' from the Heaven above  (Ay, Pras, how could you be a hood in full of so much love?)  I said: On every man chest there breathes a heart  Hip-hop where it starts, I tried to master the art, come on!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) f/ Levi, Mad Spider Album: Blunted On Reality Song: How Hard Is It? Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com  (Mad Spider) Wait a second, draw back, ban this here I come Stick this business, stock me up, they took me coat with a stun gun On a Sunday, a bloody Sunday, so what's the resume? Heads got felt in the force I heard a Milky Way I caught a heart attack when I heard my cousin (???) In Avenue D. in Brooklyn New York City ever since I used my man I moved to Jersey But realistically, God, could of called me early Cause I got a big bop I'm wanted by the block I take a ruff-neck chicken make stop in stone top Cause I roll with the army of sixty-eight The Privates' don't make the orders it's the General that makes the wig-wack Buy her back, buy a cat, I got scratched in a day to kidnap and at night I was back and the Jeep got attacked by a gang that sold crack But the posse was strapped it was nothin' but CRAP!! I got cuffed in the back, in the jail there were rats So I pulled out my mack to get out of this crap Though I wish I could zap outta here but I quack like a dog that pass gats so I put the gas mask on the mic there were blasts cause I do it it's my task And all the jumper the guys that I see to me pass the class Check out the vocab, it'll get out, then get it, do it again gift of the guy if you're good you're good, if you're bad you're bad (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) (Pras) One, two (ONE, TWO), three, four (THREE, FOUR) Hardcore (HARDCORE), hardcore (HARDCORE) Yo, watch yourself for your health I'll snatch your last breath Then I left you up for another one bites the dust You couldn't ride me if you went behind the bush, gush Leave the style alone, don't try to follow me Cause a life of the hood make it a little triggery So keep your eyes on the prize, don't be surprised Cause on my half I may pull out a semi-automatic sixty-eight watch around my back it's mainly static Droppin' emcees like a bad habit Here come the Pras with a new package (Wyclef Jean) Mad and they ignorance, think they can test the performance of an ancient (RAPPER!!) Let me break it down in a dialect (BADDER!!) Easier said than what the mono said cause there's more than righter rapper, paid for the rapper be-bop Cause he said everybody's rappin', them and they momma So when I grab the mic I grab it like a gangster Microphone sniper cause it'll be the prowler (Mad Spider) Launch it, it's trife, no magic, the realistic maggot Don't leave the gadget or you'll be gat it Simple - the riddle, who's the monkey in the middle What's the goose - um! So let me cut his neck loose yo I keep it positive and not so negative These is when you diss, emcees take it So send it to they call the battle I'ma raw I let it rappin' now I'm more your ball, you're waitin' for me to fall, but I won't, ssss... (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) (Levi) I gotta jump on the A-Train, I saw cat with a scat he was blowin' like coal-train My boys' said give him a call, I gave him a dollar, he said are you a rapper? Kids have a seat and don't miss a beat and listen to the battle of the saxin' in your emcee (Wyclef Jean) Now Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock call (It could mean rewind the gun-check me baby) (Lauryn Hill) I rock and shock the dough is show squeeze and cheese and whether pleasin' (It could mean rewind the gun-check me baby) I rock and shock the dough is show squeeze and cheese and whether pleasin' Coolin' breezin' at the teas and how can emcees do was sneeze (FLOWER, BLOW!!) (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get) I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get) So how hard is it?... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Some Seek Stardom [Lauryn Hill] AhhhhhH! Check the crippled man, sittin in the church My conscience hurts, flesh like me hits the dirt She's paralyzed from her feet to her thighs And the man who pulled the trigger didn't even lose his necktie Hi/I check Jimmy cuttin hair at the barbershop He plays the bass guitar, like David plays the harp His knowledge name is Greek, cause whenever he speaks He's got the wisdom of King Solomon bags in his eyes from no sleep Sometimes he thought of the fame in Madison Square Garden So some seek stardom, but they forget Harlem But seeking first of all the kingdom of God is what my pops told me So if I fall, could the choir catch me I flew away, on a mountain, got tempted by Satan Got bitten by a cobra, but the Lord took my venom So who's side am I on? I'm on the righteous Always check the lyrics, no time to contradict Chorus: Some seek stardom, then they forget Harlem (3X) They/brothers/sisters/families/people/we/brothers  keep their pockets full, but their souls run empty Well aiyyo family I beseech you, in the hopes that I may reach you My mother taught me one day that this mid-day would come someday Born to talk that jive, with peaky hair grown wild And teachers disliked me, cause I knew where my culture be So now yeah mom I read history, I can't neglect my passion see Rock it's kind of new to me, cause my true love was poetry White was good and bad was black but black was just a massa lackey built for that B. Nimble Jack and I'd like to save you from the wicked D-Dog clear I wouldn't be wet The black to mourn, tomorrow's death The evil things, glad that I, while angels wrote this violence why? Help me make me comprehend my black bezerk and why cast it Time to blaze the angels nappy heads are braided that you make me see what's hard for me that don't make you flee when I enter your vicinity, you see my God ain't never after me So yo I be wised up with Greek To go and be, the last and good and see what's wrong with me and through your insecurity of me and my ability So bredren won't you let me be or has thou asked to much from thy to tell the truth and not to lie? Oh my... Chorus 2X But as I grew, I knew cause the master told me from a baby to a woman from a woman to a baby Life is so short, hardcore becomes hard-corpse Step in a coffin where the money's no longer the source *singing* There we go, there we go, there we go I got mine now won't you get yours, we never open doors so we neglect, and don't protect the ones that's not people never really seem to care And then they cry out, "My people! Why aren't we treated equal?" As we flee, we flee our own communities We leave our family in poverty And then we blame it on another, so family please recover Oh c'mon please come now with you can come with me now and blow now if you want to, we're through... Chorus 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) Album: Blunted On Reality Song: Giggles Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Pras) Aiyyo, somethin' funny, somethin' got you caught up in digs It's me, why you wanna pimp with today? Two made from the boy, yeah Now, helpless, he's tryin' cause he full of giggles You gonna need more than an iron to stretch out ya wrinkles You startin' so ordinary, and me, map me out for sprinkler You got the fever for the flavor for the giggles Who got the giggles is the jam of December, hey I remember we release specifically Back in grammar school days it's me the E's-M-T Totally and directly, wonder, more than too fresh and nuttin' really else today It was my accent and where I came from that ya really hate The 'N' wear - Levi's, Pumas, struggle Adidas Some say I'm with the losers cause I didn't have the ladies No R-E-F-P's, the T as we can't get no punanny Definitely hittin' them daily Now I roll with the squad that's so hard and makes you wanna catch an erection - relax man!! I don't allow you to put-out actin' on if the one's direction So it's Pete Prop, yo what's up man, hah So if ya were thankful then I see cause the paper gettin' murderin' like the a-lovin' - now the news - Rodney King is now with the double list comin' through your speakers remember durin' steebers, why don't you get your speakers tweetered, whoo!! (Chorus) Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles (Pras) Now ya wanna be down, you come around, touch gun of the town You gotta dig my sound - Wow!! It seems like everybody's jumpin' on the bandWAGON!! Her money grabbin' a chick is a suburban dragon I wasn't all of that - rappin' - but this is now What's the matter? Ya milkin' like a freakin' cow Cat guns yo' Tennessee, here kitty, kitty, kitty Here pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy cat You start to smell like one - all you really are was the head I wanna give a shout-out to those who try and curse my fave for ??? gat, you were funny though Shall, shall, leave the play-down These are the things we can do without, huh So what's this all about man? Just when I thought I was chillin' with my Lee's and my fellas, seeds and my pro-kicks My style was so deaf, "thuggin' won't even make it fresh" he said So now I need my tracks that ?bite-neck? Fred It's that ya mess with, it's just stitches that I thread Loadin' the clip for-go-twenty-four-Karen-Lead her double-days, puttin' 'G' at her head - RAPOW!! You're dead (Chorus) Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles (Pras) You ever havin' the giggles to the HUH!! The hiccups, the kinda hiccups that makes ya wanna come up In your face and throw up, you're totally ?smuck?!! You feelin' dirty and quitter, you neither or either a home or hitter much more like Peter but couldn't beat her pick caught in the middle with the rhythm, you're feelin' wish she trippin', you'll be livin' with the A-hahahahahaha...... The giggles (Chorus) Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles? You got the giggles, they got the giggles Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Who got the giggles man? Everybody got the giggles... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Tranzlator Crew) Album: Blunted On Reality Song: Refugees On the Mic Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Wyclef Jean) Yo', check it out, I want all the refugees out there to just put up your motherfuckin' hands, you know you're a fuckin' immigrant Put up your hands youknowhatI'msayin'? I'ma start this shit off like this, this time around (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) H-to-the-A-to-the-I-to-the-T-to-the-I Live or die, it's nothin' but a dark side Fugees on the mic, yeah, yeah Yo', refugees on the mic, oh yeah, oh yeah H-to-the-A-to-the-I-to-the-T-to-the-I Live or die, it's nothin' but a dark side Fugees on the mic, yeah, yeah Yo', refugees on the mic, oh yeah, oh yeah (Wyclef Jean) If you wanna snap (SNAP), if you wanna crack (CRACK) If you wanna shoot, give me a second so I can lay flat Cause this, some the cemetary's, the reality Where the tough guys get buried in their property Word to Sampson, the tone will get you hung I had a friend, they murdered his father and his three-year-old son I heard him cursin' the essence of the, the (PAUSE) committed the crime But ah, murder got no time The country has no law, it's either rich or poor I'm out the back door, I got nuttin' to fight for I'm sailin' on a boat like a goat - I clear my throat When I got to Brooklyn, I was broke, so I selled coke I look in through microscope, for my country and the hurt My eyes bleed, I see Aaron Steed, the Haitian Pope Figure or Dundee, the-riginal Malcom X Swing like the ki's, so should I put on David Tomerfest Though I'm humberlicious strugglin' to jump let me blow her upper-her bubble in your face - that'cha ego! Aiyyo, freeze-funk, you got to stay stable Watch out for the devil, he comes after you after the revival When will he come, what will he do, what will he say? That's all a mystery, but have your hand grenade so you can blow the motherfucker away Beep, beep, I gotta make a sale so I can eat So Praswell, grab the mic and be complete (Pras) Huh, lovin' the wreck in effect, will be all in checkmate Another style for Praswell to translate For those who can't relate to stay down my - no-man wait No mistake, when I tell you, your prophet is a fake (Wyclef Jean) You said a contract on a Haitian, three-hundred g's Your sharpshooters are lousy, we mend to-high-be-high hoodies So show your face-a when you waste, I know who's smokin' The bigger that you try to put out yours just makes me Mr. Nobody Take high wit'cha just right, it'll be like Michael get ordered, a viper you know!! Yeah, a viper cause you might lose a life to the side by like what did I have to in the line of the barkin' of the bright side You tried to scare me but I won't mover-a The bully of the block becomes the hour of the glock So cuckoo!! The sounds I run are rollin' with the bodyguard But don't forget the day it's sunny but it'll be foggy And in the funeral, you'll be singin' a new tune May your soul rest on the moon (?Jack in wood spoon!!?) In Channel Seven, you said: "Death before Cut" You killed so many that your conscience ended up - whattup? (WHAT!!) Aiyyo black men, you're dyin' by a dozen cousin So all I do is walk away yo' Prince as if nothin' happened You call me a punk, I gotta step cause all you did was flex But don't get closer cause the kid still gotta keep his rep See I'm known for the crew like the jewel was the jewel Like the follow got the boo, like the miller got the boo Let the fool cop the man-jewel, suck up, up the ?cool-lew? Oh why you got the ha-ha-lew-lew? I got the rap loose, so sci-bi-dee-bob-bob, you don't stop You do the rap-rap, from hip-hop to be-bop, from be-bop to beep-beep, the Haitian kid, beeper's goin' off beep-beep I gotta make a sale so I can eat, beep, beep The Haitian kid, beeper's goin' off, you know I got no time to sleep, so beep-beep (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) H-to-the-A-to-the-I-to-the-T-to-the-I Live or die, it's nothin' but a dark side Fugees on the mic, YEAH!! Yo', refugees on the mic, oh yeah, oh yeah (Pras) Man, I went to cops the other day to plead for my innocence They brought me in another charges of a legal residents And L-E-N, on a foreign land, a ???? Watch me go back to my land and then there will be a thing Gorillas in the mist, where everything, and the light becomes a priest They put up they guard, they pump up they fists Now I'm number one on they motherfuckin' hit-list... Goin' down for first degree of manslaughter Makin' change out of emcee's makin' them outta quarters That's they value, that's what they worth Cause the first shall be last and the last shall be first, yeah What we learned was to burn, now cause you c-came with that machette, it's your turn It's not funny, but twenty a month is what you earn baby (We on to the Yankee, pass the mic to the "Yankee") (Lauryn Hill) Well I'm as cool to ya the mic I'm checkin' comin' from my temple With a message, to deliver, but the back is very simple I'm the girl "Yankee" rollin' wit' the kids from Haiti coolin' as a mighty grab who gets the last laugh hahaha... You bite size with my Haitian from they stinks as my "Yankee" wonderin' who was the first to pull over girl as soon as it came out son My history - a hypocrite, so what we gonna do? The dope is dope is only get the man since that is true So hip-hip with my lip as I rip with a felt tip with a righteous situation, interpretation, a graduation Your ventilation, and education, segregation, emancipation a capitalization, it's agration, not separation, ya breath the Haitians... H-to-the-A-to-the-I-to-the-T-to-the-I... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Living Like There Ain't No Tomorrow Typed by: LilJksn@aol.com [Wyclef Jean] Yo check it out. This is the boy Wyclef from Tranzlators, I'm coming from the Booga Basement with a roots drink in my hands. So put the Rotts tonics in the air, yeah cause I'm-a start this one off like THIS. Cause niggaz are living like there ain't no tomorrow. I nuked this on the S900 cause I couldn't fford a 1100. I'm-a start this one a little something like this. Here we go. Hey yo people you're living like there ain't no tomorrow You get caught in the terra asside em and ga morro Father, forgeive him for he know not what he done When the bum search for drums, the son search for condoms He seek no, with his ring but with his head That leave many dead in hospital beds; now you and death are newlyweds So before I enter the tunnel I step back and shake it Is it world the death or better life in a casket Destuction of the flesh, new reporter wasn't coming The devil cursed him cause he couldn't follow 10 commandments Hook Living like there ain't no tomorrow You're living like there ain't no tomorrow You're living like there ain't no tomorrow You open up your eyes and them was ga marrow. WOO! Living like there ain't no tomorrow You're living like there ain't no tomorrow You're living like there ain't no tomorrow Open up your eyes. I called up the VP, she told me she was busy watching TV with Roxy I told her I was coming, she said that ain't necessary three's a crowd, so what's the philosophy? Another girl trying to take my girl away from me, easy Fuck the door, I jumped through the window SOMEWHERE over the rainbow Paranable and the bitch still in my home Stick stick in your socket, I sacrifice you like a live rabbit Fatal attraction the coffin's the cabinet Cause in the 90's girls got dicks So keep the light on and make sure that the chick don't that back She said that she did it with some girl named Lisa I said what's the boot yo, she pulled the camcorder Bust it, so what's the charge, you called me a womanizor? I tried to say sorrym she said say sorry for Taquisha. Chairs come flying my way like balls at basketball practice. Call the priest cause she's turning to the exorcist She kicked me out cause she was paying for the apartment That's real, you got no girl, if you got no money to spend But she had loved me for my mind and my poetic skills But bow i'm checking magazings and getting cheap thrills Asking myself when will it end? Cause when it came to sex, my hand was my best friends Hook (Replace you're with I'm and me) I had a cousin like a brother He tried to play me undercover He said I didn't bang her But the girl was his secret lover But I played stupid like my brain had no minerals It's so hard to say good-bye we singing at the funeral Girls smash it up easy, when they know they got the bugsy He used to sleep alone, but now he's riding Mrs. Daisy You say all my business my life's my life my knife's my knife So I be the lion that guards the trife But at the party, I still move my waistline A girl approached me and asked me for the time I said; no disrespect, but check the watch on your wrist And if you're looking for a hit check Charles Bronson from Death Wish Then All of a sudden her man pushed me from the back I turned out real cool- I said why did you do that? The name is Clef, Clef bon Then mark my word that I'm-a break your fucking arm Unless you apologize and pick on someone your size Not too cookoo-hit you-but the 4 to the 5 Point it to your nose Now your blood turns to snow. Hook Yeah, word is born The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees Album: Blunted on Reality Song: Nappy Heads (Remix) * *  the album was reissued with the remix included (Wyclef)  Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday?     And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking     Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay     Round up de posse, Fugee comin around the way (Wyclef)  Yo, hey nappy head (Lauryn)  Yo whashup? (Wyclef)  Whatchu got there? (Lauryn)  Hah, I got some of that lyrical cheeba cheeba (Wyclef)  Worrrrrd?     A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all     A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all Verse One: Wyclef You wanna battle swing I bring commanding men like I was king In all your dreams I write the horror flick of Stephen King Cling to false also those papers say ock I got tired of the fat lady so I sing to my own opera Ba-lang-balang-balang-to-de-man-de-rock-cause I love thee If you live by the sword you will be die by the gun Cause all guys tell lies, and more girls commits it I was ordered to Code Red, but now I'm chillin with A Few Good Men Assassination on the kid from the capitol I never play the soap opera but now I'm a General Hospital Condition critical, spirit over who's the physical So if I die, catch me at the funeral I'll fly away, ohh glory With a mic in my hand to a land where only God knows me And the angels write raps on holy paper I said I'm lookin for Jesus, he said take the escalator One flight up, is guaranteed you'll be there My sister'd be there, my mother'd be there So, Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday? And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse, Fugee comin around de way Verse Two: Lauryn Hill I don't puff blunts so I always got my breath Never had to battle with a bullet proof vest They call me cock-weasel but I, still cave a chest I don't wear Jheri curls cause I'm nah from the West No disrespect to the West, true indeed I rock it to the East, the East is the seed To see that them days back, yo sheepskins and Hot Tracks Peace to Mr. Magic, things are getting tragic Now we on some new stuff, I never feared the Ku Kluk My own clan is actin up, I blame it on the Phillie blunt Whatcha gonna do, kids are acting oooohhhh Hill is gettin fed up, yo where's the coporate at A Mister Three Piece Suit Check the square roots, Girbauds and Timberland boots Nahhhh that's the serpents, and know them garment tips I got a head full of problems and a hand full of nappy roots I feel a Jones' comin down, yo I... (I got the slang to make the chitty-bang-bang  a-rid-dang-de-dang, the nappy head bang) No I, got hte slang to make the chitty-bang-bang a-rid-dang-de-dang, the nappy heads bang (Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday  And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking  Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay  Round up de posse, Fugee comin round de way  Ay-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay  Nappy heads in the zone and we're not goin home!) Verse Three: Prazwell, Wyclef Hey yo a battle is a battle but a battle's not a battle if it'sssssssssss snake doesn't rattle Cause my style's as old as a reptile As slick as a new Nile, as new as a new child So come follow me to the land of Abraham This land's your land, this land's my land The blacker the black man, the better the next man (Yo some nappy heads need to check they necks for red) Ihhhh, feel injection Put the needle to your skin feel reality's heroin You maintain to put a negro in pain you used to diss me "Oh you wanna hang with old Eddie Kane?" (The Five Heartbeats) Ain't nuttin wrong, snap your head to the song Word is bond, you get wrong, I'll have you sing like Louis Armstrong And I say to myself, what a wonderful world But what the hell was so wonderful bout cotton in the farm Mr. Slaaaaaave Maaaaan! The harder they come, the harder they fall, so come one come all Don't stall or I'ma stick you like a voodoo doll Doors locked stop drawer for the count who drops You slept on a kid from the boondocks Out of Motorville land of the ill kill Bellsburg Viking so you know I'm top ranking Phil Some say who coming like like the yuma but save the rumor Cause I've been rockin ever since eighty-two when I used to rock my Pumas... A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all (4X) Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday And if you're busy, I wouldn't mind taking Saturday-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Round up de posse Fugee comin around de way Ay-ay-ay, ay-ay-ay Nappy heads in the zone and we're not goin home! (repeat 2X) I wear my sunglasses at night To spy on my girlfriend that's right They dancin romancin freakin at night!   yes yes yes a yes yes y'all (repeat 2X) Mona Lisa... ...nappy heads in the zone and we not goin home! A cheeba cheeba y'all, well I'm a Libra y'all (4x) and to the beat y'all, and to the beat y'all, come on everybody (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees a/k/a Refugee Camp  Album: The Score Song: How Many Mics Intro: Wyclef Jean Pick up your microphones Pick up your microphones Chorus: Wyclef/Pras How many mics do we rip on the daily Say, me say many money say me say many many many How many mics do we rip on the daily Many money say me say many many many Verse One: Lauryn Hill I get mad frustrated when I rhyme Thinkin of all them kids that try to do this for all the wrong reasons Season change mad things rearrange But it all stays the same like the love doctor strange I'm tame like the rapper get red like a snapper, when they do that Got your whole block saying true dat If only they knew that, it was you who was irregular Soldier soul for some secular muzac that's whack Plus you use that, loop, over and over Claiming that you got a new style, your atempts are futile, oooh child Your puerile, brain waves are sterile You can't create you just wait to take, my take Laced with malice, hands get callous, from ripping microphones From here to Dallas go ask Alice if you don't believe me I get innovisions like Stevie See me, a sin from the chalice, like the weed be Indeed we like Kalid Mohammed MC's make me vomit I get controversial, freaky style with no rehearsal Au contraire mon frere, don't you even go there Me without a mike is like a beat without a snare I dare to tear into your ego, we go, way back Like some ganja and palequo or ColecoVision My minds make incisions in your anatomy And I back this with Deuteronomy or Leviticus God made this word, you can't get with this Sweet like licorice, dangerous like syphillis, yeah Chorus Verse Two: Wyclef Jean I used to be underrated, now I take iron, makes my shit constipated I'm more concentrated, so on my day off with David Sanonburg I play golf Run through Crown Heights screaming out "Mazeltoff!" Problem with noman before black I'm first hu-man Appetite to write, like Frederick Douglass with a slave hand Street pressure, word to papa I ain't going under One day I have a label and make deals with Tommy Mottola Mama always told me, "Your one in a million, Always watch our back, never tango with haitian-sicilians" Now I got a record deal, how does it feel? I'm never gonna survive unless I get crazy like Seal Cause the whole worlds' out a order So at night the feins dance on grease with John Travolta One got slaughtered as he caught blood from his mouth The other tried to duck and caught a left with my Guinness stout Brother, brother can't you get this through your head It's a setup by the feds, their scoping us with their infrareds Chorus Verse Three: Prazwell Too many MC's not enough mikes, exit your show like I exit the turnpike Dice and dynomite like Dolomite, double do's been like I don't Dick Van Dyke Starlight to starbrite the freaks come out at night Like my man Wyclef-"I wear my sunglasses at night" And my ponage with martial encourage Squash the squad and hide their bodies under my garage And when the cops come lookin, I be bookin to Brooklyn Beat the trails broken flipping tokens to Hoboken A clean Getaway like Alec Baldwin Driving in my fast car playing Tracy Chapman Chorus Many, many money many many many Many, many money, ha, ha, ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Ready or Not Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Lauryn Hill] Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you, and take it slowly Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide Gonna find you, and make you want me [Verse One: Wyclef] Now that I escape sleepwalker awake Those who could relate know the world ain't cake Jailbars ain't Golden Gates, those who fake they break when they meet they four hundred pound mate If I could rule the world (if I ruled the world) everyone would have a gun, in the ghetto of course when giddyupin on they horse I kick a rhyme drinkin moonshine I poor a sip on the concrete, for the deceased But no don't weep, Wyclef's in a state of sleep Thinkin 'bout the robbe-RY that I did last WEEK Money in the bag, banker look like a drag I wanna play with pelicans from here to Baghdad Gun blast, think fast, I think I'm hit My girl pinch my hips to see if I still exist I think not, I'll send a letter to my friends A born again hooligan only to be king again [Verse Two: Lauryn Hill] Yo, I play my enemies like a game of chess Where I rest no stress if you don't smoke sess 'less, I must confess, my destiny's manifest In some Goretex and sweats I make tracks like I'm homeless Rap orgies with Porgie and Bess capture your bounty like Elliot Ness YES! Bless you if you represent the Fu but I hex you, with some witches brew if you doo-doo Voodoo, I could what you do, EASY! Believe me! Frontin niggaz give me heebie-jeebies So while you imitatin Al Capone I'll be Nina Simone, and defacatin on your microphone [Interlude: Lauryn Hill] You can't run away from these styles I got  Oh baby, hey baby cause I got a lot, oh yeahhh Anywhere you go, my whole crew gonna know  Oh baby, hey baby you can't hide from the block, oh noooo [Verse Three: Pras] Ready or not, ReFugees takin over The Buffalo Soldier, dread like rasta On the twelveth hour, fly by in my bomber Crews run for cover now they under pushin up flowers Superfly, true lies, do or die Toss me high only puff lye with my crew from Lacaille I ReFugee from Guatanamo Bay Dance around the border like I'm Cassius Clay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Zealots Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef Jean] One two - I'm bout to set this off! Like this Hip-hoppers, check it {*singing*} Another MC lose his life tonight, lawwwwd I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, why Ohh laww-WWD, father don't let him bury me, whoahhhh {*rapping*} I haunt MC's like Mephistopheles, bringin swords of Damocles Secret service keep a close watch as if my name was Kennedy Abstract raps simple with a street format Gaze into the sky and measure planets by parallax Check out the retrograde motion, kill the notion of biting and recycling and callin it your own creation I feel like Rockwell, "Somebody's Watching Me" I got no privacy whether on land or at sea And for you biting zealots, your raps are cacophonic Hypocrite, critic, but deep inside you wish you had the pop hit It hurts don't it, a ReFugee come to your turf and take over the earth [Lauryn Hill - *singing*] See my rhymes, are the type of fly rhymes that can only get down with my crew And if you try, to take lines or bite rhymes (hehe) we'll show you how the ReFugees do {*rapping*} Yeah, yeah behold, as my odes, manifold on your rhymes Two MC's can't occupy the same space at the same time It's against the laws of physics So weep as your "Sweet Dreams" break up like Eurythmics Rap rejects my tape deck, ejects projectile Whether jew or gentile, I rank top percentile Many styles, more powerful than gamma rays My grammar pays, like Carlos Sanatana plays, "Black Magic Woman" So while you fumin I'm consumin mango juice under Polaris You just embarrassed cause it's your "Last Tango in Paris" And even after all my logic and my theory I add a motherfucker so you ig'nant niggaz hear me Crew remember take notes, as I sow my rap oats And for you biting zealots, here's a quote [Wyclef Jean - *singing*] Ay! Another MC lose his life tonight, ohhhhh I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, whyyyy Ohh laww-WWD, father don't let him bury we, aiyyyy {*rapping*} You can try but you can't divide the tribe These cats can't rap, Mr. Author I feel no Vibe (whatchu readin?) The magazine says the girl should have gone solo The guys should stop rappin - vanish like Menudo Took it to the heart, but every actor plays his part As long as someone was listenin, I knew it was a start For me to get my chance, grab my pen and revamp (bing!) Do a cameo while everybody do the dance Quick now, cause you runnin out of luck-a Playin Mr. Big, "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" While you munchin at your luncheon I'll be plannin your assassination, then hit you like the Dutchman [Prazwell] I compress sound sets with my rap DBX Then drop vocals on my 456 Ampex Bring terror to the shop of horror As she cry, "Mi amor," the Phantom dies in the Opera And to the young'uns who carry gadgets And kill six days a week, then rest on the Sabbath (hold up, hold up!) Violence ain't necessary, unless you provoke me Then get buried like the great Mussolini And for you bitin zealots, your rap styles are relics No matter who you "Damage," you're still a false "Prophet" [Wyclef Jean - *singing*] Ay! Another MC lose his life tonight, lawwwwwd I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, whyyyy Ohh laww-WWD, father don't let him bury me, yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: The Beast [CHORUS] Warn the town the beast is loose, Word 'em up y'all C'mon [LAURYN] Conflicts with night sticks Illegal sales districts, Hand-picked lunatics, keep poli-TRICK-cians rich Heretics push narcotics amidst its risks and frisks, Cool cliques throw bricks but seldom hit targets Private-DIC sell hits, like porno-flicks do chicks. The 666 cut W.I.C. like Newt Gingrich SUCKS DICK [CLEF]  Meanwhile the government brings Star Wars from glocks to glockers C.O.P. has an APB out on Chewbacca Mista Mayor, can I say something in yo honor Yesterday in Central Park they got the Jogger Okay, okay. Let's get the confusion straight in ghetto Gotham The man behind the mask you thought was Batman is Bill Clinton. Who soon retire, the roof is on fire Connie Chung brung the bomb as it comes from Oklahoma Things are getting serious, Kuumbaya, On a mountain satan offered me, Manhattan help me Jah Jah [CLEF] You can't search me without probable cause Or that proper ammunition they call reasonable suspicion Listen I bring friction to your whole jurisdiction You planted seeds in my seat when I wasn't lookin. Now you ask me for my license/registration "WHAT THE FUCK" is my name "WHAT THE FUCK" is my occupation Well I'm an MC, I'm down with the Fugees Mother Mary caught a flashback like Rodney now the cops got Lolly. [LAURYN] The subconscious psychology that you use against me, If I lose control will send me to the penetentiary Such as Alcatraz, or shot up like al Hajj Malik Shabazz High class get bypassed while my ass gets harrassed. And the fuzz treat bruh's like they manhood never was, And if you too powerful, you get bugged like Peter Tosh and Marley was. And my word does nothing against the feds, So my eyes stay red as I chase crazy bald heads, WORD UP. [CHORUS] Warn the town the beast is loose, Ah - ah, Ah - ah Word 'em up y'all [CLEF] The chase is on I feel like the bad guy Fifth gear 125 like New Jersey drive Looked in my rear view mirror Police was getting closer Heard a roar in the sky, Looked up and saw the Blue Thunder. My inner conscious says throw your handkerchief and surrender, BUT TO WHO??? The star spangled banner ooh. Say can't you see cops more crooked than we By the dawn's early night robbin' niggas for kis. Easy low key crooked military Pay taxes out my ass but they still harrass me. [PRAZ] The streets of corruption got me bustin and cussin' in the concrete jungle Thoughts being dribbled like that tall kid Mutumbo Handled by Hannibal Soon I'm gonna be a fugitive like Dr. Kimble. [CLEF] Hey yo should I slow down? [PRAZ] Nah kid go faster, Just cause they got a badge, they could still be impostors. Probable cause, got flaws like dirty draws Meet me at the corner store so we can start the street wars. [CHORUS] Warn the town the beast is loose, Ah - ah, Ah - ah, Word 'em up y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Fu-Gee-La [CLEF] We used to be number 10 Now we're permanent one, In the battle lost my finger, Mic became my arm Pistol nozzle hits your nasal, blood becomes lukewarm Tell the woman be easy Naah squeeze the Charmin Test Wyclef, see death flesh get scorned. Beat you so bad make you feel like you ain't wanna be born And tell your friends stay the hell out of my lawn. Chicken George became Dead George stealin' chickens from my farm. Damn, Another dead pigeon If your mafiosos then I'm bringin' on Haitian Sicilians Nobody's shootin', my body's made of hand grenade Girl bled to death while she was tongue-kissing a razor blade. That sounds sick maybe one eday I'll write a horror Blackula comes to the ghetto, jacks an ACURA Stevie Wonder sees Crack Babies Be-Coming Enemies of their own families. What's going on? Armageddon come you know we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon, trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. [LAURYN]:CHORUS Oooh La La La,  It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang Oooh La La La,  It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah,  Sweeeeet Thing [LAURYN] Yeah in saloons we drink Boone's and battle goons till high noon, Bust rap toons on flat spoons, take no shorts like poon poon's. See hoochies pop coochies, for Gucci's and Lucci Find me in my Mitsubishi, eatin' sushi, bumpin' Fugees. Hey Hey Hey Try to take the crew and we don't play play Say say say Like Paul McCartney, not hardly, ODD-ly enough I can see right through your bluff Niggas huff and they puff but they can't handle us, WE BUST Cause we fortified, I could never hide, seen "Cooley High",  Cried when Cochise died. I'm twisted, black-listed by some other negroes, Don't remove my Polos on the first episode. Ha Ha Ha Ha, You shouldn't diss refugees, and Ha Ha Ha Ha, You whole sound set's bootie , and Ha Ha Ha Ha, You have to respect JERSEY, cause I'm superfly when I'm super-high on the Fu-Gee-La. [LAURYN]:CHORUS Oooh La La La,  It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang Oooh La La La,  It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah,  Sweeeeet Thing [PRAZ] I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees, Smokin' beadies as I burn my calories, Brooklyn roof tops become Brooklyn tee-pees, Who that be, enemies, wanna see the death of me. From Hawaii to Hawthorne, I run marathons, like Buju Banton, I'm a true champion, like, Farakkhan reads his Daily Qu'ran it's a phenomenon,  lyrics fast like Ramadan. [CLEF] (2X) What's goin' on Armageddon come you know we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon, trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. [LAURYN]:CHORUS 2X Oooh La La La,  It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang Oooh La La La,  It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Family Business [OMEGA] Where I was born, nothing is promised My life is filled with less hope than the prophecies of Nostradamus Omega marks the ending of predictability, birth of agility Who will it be to test me and expose their futility. Iron like a lion from Zion stop tryin' so hard, I think I smell your brain cells fryin'. The family's behind you if you're worthy Philosophies developed deep in the back streets of dirty Jersey Troops with scully hats and Timberland boots No more break-dancing for loot. Niggas hustle and shoot In the Garden State, it grows stink weeds and criminals Government funds are minimal Oppression's subliminal [CLEF] These days its hard for we to find peace of mind Between insanity and sanity there lies a thin line. Some dwell in hotels with Jezebels A stone age and fall a victim to the Plague Unclean bad dreams of Wyclef being a fiend,  One last kiss from my sweet serpentine Eliminate then break,  Navigate to rejuvenate thoughts of suicide with my nickel plate. Reconcilation came from my enemy-friend Who said family don't bend We stay silent till the end. Now who would think that your best friend Would be your worst enemy and your enemy your best friend. Stare into the air inspiration from the atmosphere I think of old ghosts, that ain't even here. Like Alex Haley take notes on this Biography My family tree consists of street refugees. A ghetto land, where we talk slang Stolen cars bang, like my chitty bang-bang sh-bang For the heads, we ain't sellin' cocaine today So refrain and let my family reign okay [OMEGA]:CHORUS Just walkin' the streets death can take you away It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So defend the family that's the code to obey [CLEF] But if I fall asleep and death takes me away Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So the family sticks together and we never betray [CLEF] Nah fuck that Fifty-two pick up, no cops around Fifty-two thousand in cash, I don't want no savings bonds Have the money ready, I smell something fishy Your wife's in my custody One false move and you'll find her body in the sea. That's the voice of the kid, that's the kidnapper I do my work and then I catch my ticket to Jamaica. Meet me in the alley, make sure you bring the money This ain't the seventies I'm far from a jive turkey [LAURYN] My circle it can't be broken Open, cut-throatin', provokin' Record promotin, tokens chokin' on they words like smoke and. Cause we soft spoken, doesn't mean that we've forgotten Your bootie smells rotten and one day you will be gotten See joker's is scatter-brained, their focus is unrestrained My army is trained, you never find us beefin' in vain. Cause I've seen fire and I've seen rain You claim fame, while modest niggas remain. I can judge a character like Ito judge a verdict And if you bringin' threats I give you sex if I ain't heard it. See poppin' s***'s about your attitude and how you word it I've seen the biggest niggas on the block get murdered And they deserverd it Or so the beast said when they served it ??? That s*** is nervous So what's my purpose? Family, we must preserve it. Your number's retired I hope you like the hell fires You'll be screamin' Murder she Wrote like Chaka Demus and Pliars. [OMEGA]:CHORUS Just walkin' the streets death can take you away It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So defend the family that's the code to obey [LAURYN] If I should fall asleep and death takes me away Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So the family stick together and we never betray. [FORTE] We used to jump rope, But now we gun hope Bustin' shots off of project roof tops Sending signals with the blunt smoke. Ock, don't talk a lot if you can't hold it in lock If you think lips sink ships, Imagine full glock clips. I hold a glass of Remy Martin Gettin' milks by the carton Extortin' the light weights for thinkin' they important The night pays and heavenly ways Ain't nothin' free ah Knowledge of your family and steppin' to your B.I. You see I, stay on top of s*** like a fly My niggas reach when they got beef Then jet down to South Beach Yo mouthpiece is yappin' I hear it in your rap and My family is thick so that bulls*** could never happen. [CLEF]:CHORUS Just walkin' the streets death can take you away It's never guaranteed that you'll see the next day At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So defend the family that's the code to obey [LAURYN] If I should fall asleep and death takes me away Don't be surprised son, I wasn't put here to stay At night the evil armies of Shaton don't play So the family stick together and we never betray. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Killing Me Softly Strumming dub plates with our fingers, Eliminate sounds with our song, Killing a sound boy with this sound, Killing a sound boy with this sound, Taking sound boys' lives with this dub,  Killing him softly with this sound. Strumming my pain with his fingers,  Singing my life with his words, Killing me softly with his song,  killing me softly with his song, Telling my whole life with his words,  Killing me softly with his song. [LAURYN] I heard he sang a good song, I heard he had a style, And so I came to see him and listen for a while. And there he was this young bwoy, stranger to my eyes, Strumming my pain with his fingers, Singing my life with his words, Killing me softly with his song,  killing me softly with his song, Telling my whole life with his words,  Killing me softly with his song.  I felt all flushed with fever, Embarrassed by the crowd,  I felt he found my letters and read each one out loud. I prayed that he would finish,  But he just kept right on strumming my pain with his fingers,  Singing my life with his words, Killing me softly with his song,  Killing me softly with his song, Telling my whole life with his words,  Killing me softly with his song [CLEF] Yo L-Boogie, take it to the bridge [LAURYN] (Bust it) Strumming my pain with his fingers,  Singing my life with his words, killing me softly with his song,  Killing me softly with his song, Telling my whole life with his words,  Killing me softly with his song.  Strumming my pain with his finger, yeah he was . . . [shoutouts and fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees f/ Diamond D Album: The Score Song: The Score [CLEF] Look into the rhyme Rum to the ripple Sing boo, But at times I come in triple. Blaow, blaow put the heater to your head Now your dead. Wyclef don't give a *beep* if your dead. Raaaaah, raaaah Let me attack just like the black cat You in the wrong neighborhood, check the map. Hooo, you've got to go for backup To do what you gotta do. So you'll be back with France CU Traitor in your crew is mafo heat Put the poison in your tea and kill the toad, But I'll be back with the centipede I'm on some new technique, drunken bamboo Awoo hoo a hoo, I'm taking all crews what. Competition, stimulation for the rap man Losers check your tooters While I'm suckin' on your girls hooters. Don't play macho, while you got the gun Cause if you got to reload . . . [CLEF] Wyclef the multi-talented Average heads can't handle it I'll bring it to you live Only if you want it. Me and my guitar go back like the days of the RMC's [C'mon check out my melody] The W-Y-C-L-E-F, Wyclef Through any contest I'm victorious Still keep it real, if you will and manifest Through your skills, not by how many shells you peel. [PRAZ] I'm a bring down the ruckus Play the nutcracker Rough-neck rednecks make me no bother Time after time, ask Cyndi Lauper, Boss, you don't want to fuckk with my partners Motion, commotion, what's your proposal Uphold two-fold, the crew is disposal Like utensil, false idental, I autograph my lyrics with a number 2 pencil [LAURYN] I'm the L, Won't you pull it Straight to the head With the speed of a bullet Cuttin' jokers off at the meeky-freeky gullet Lyrical sedative, keep niggas medative Head rushers I give to creative kids and fiends Dreams of euphoria, Aurora, To another galaxy Phallic-sy Be this microphone, but get lifted Lyrically I'm gifted Burn on in without the roach clip (it) Henders, mind-bender Pleasure sender, So frequently your nerve endings belong to me Wrongfully you put me down not receiving the full capacity of my smoke Wack niggas choke From the fumes that I emote, Or emit shit See even I feel the mahogany L Natural hallucinogen Turning boys to men again With estrogen dreams Release blues, yellows and greens From Brownsville to Queens [DIAMOND-D] I creep like a theif, no doubt the man's swift I'm more magnificent than Lee Van Cliff You stand stiff and got the nerve to let your man riff [We know where to run] And start flakin' like dandruff. C'mon son my steelo's tight Cause by far I'm the best producer on the mic On the right, analytical conceptions With precision and leave lyrical incisions. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: The Mask [CHORUS] Have you ever worn the mask one-two one-two, M to the A to the S to the K Put the mask upon the face just to make the next day, Feds be hawkin me Jokers be stalking me, I walk the streets and camouflage my identity, My posse in the Brooklyn wear the mask. My crew in the Jersey wear the mask. Stick up kids doing boogie woogie wear the mask. Yeah everybody wear da mask but how long will it last. [CLEF] I used to work at Burger King. A king taking orders. Punching my clock. Now I'm wanted by the manager. Soupin me up sayin "Your a nice worker," "How would you like a quarter raise, move up the register" "Large in charge, but cha gotta be my spy, Come back and tell me who's baggin my fries, Getting high on company time." Hell no sirree, wrong M.C. Why should I be a spy, when you spying me, And you see whatcha thought ya saw but never seen. Ya missed ya last move, Checkmate! Crown me King, Hold my 22 pistol whipped him in his face. Hired now I'm fired, sold bud now I'm wired, Eyes pitch red but da beat bop my head Hit the streets for relief, I bumped into the Feds, I got kidnapped they took me to D.C., Have me working underground building missiles for World War III. [CHORUS] M to the A to the S to the K, Put the mask up on the face just to make the next day. Brothers be gaming, Ladies be claiming. I walk the streets and camouflage my identity. My posse Uptown wear the mask. My crew in the Queens wear the mask. Stick up kids with the Tommy Hil wear the mask. Yeah everbody wear the mask but how long will it last. [LAURYN] I thought he was the wonder, and I was stunned by his lips, Taking sips sipping Amaretto sour with a twist, Shook my hips to the bass line, this joker grabbed my waistline, Putting pressure on my spine trying to get L-Boog to wind, I backed up off him then caught him with five finger to his face, I had to put him in his place, This kids invading my space, But then I recognized the smile, but I couldn't place the style, So many fronts in his mouth, I thought he was the Golden Child, Then it hit me that's Tariq from off the street around Grams. I haven't seeen him since fifteen, when he got booked for doing scams. I tried to walk away but he wouldn't let me leave, He ran up quick behind me asking, "Yo what happened to my nigga Steve?" Steve was like this kid I went with back in Grammar School. I chuckled knucklehead I seen him yesterday he's cool, He's busted, "so who you checking for now?" Probably some intellectual. I kept the conversation straight and he kept trying to make it sexual. Then his old lady tried to play me waved her hands up in my face, Yo I told her check your man cause Bitch you acting out of place. [CHORUS] M to the A to the S to the K, Put the mask up on the face just to make the next day. Brothers be gaming, Ladies be claiming. I walk the streets and camouflage my identity. My posse Uptown wear the mask. My crew in the Queens wear the mask. Stick up kids with the Tommy Hil wear the mask. Yeah everbody wear the mask but how long will it last. [PRAZ] 3 A.M. in the morning on the Boulevard, I'm still at large engaged with my entourage, Me and Godfather and a 67 Dodge. I stepped out the note to post up my guard Searching for my car that was stolen from Scotland Yard. My first instinct was to check the chop shop garage. As I rung the bell someone tapped me on my back, I turned around to look it was a rookie in a mask. He said, "I got a itchin' on my trigger, Don't move nigga I'm taking you for murder." See cops got two faces like two laces on my Reeboks. My knees knock as I step back for a claear shot, Well did you shoot him? Naw kid I didn't have the balls, That's when I realized I'm pumpin'too much Biggie Smalls. [CHORUS] M to the A to the S to the K, Put the mask up on the face just to make the next day. Brothers be gaming, Ladies be claiming. I walk the streets and camouflage my identity. My posse Uptown wear the mask. My crew in the Queens wear the mask. Stick up kids with the Tommy Hil wear the mask. Yeah everbody wear the mask but how long will it last. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Cowboys Typed by: {unknown - revisions accepted} This is the Fugees, Outsiders up in here: [CLEF]:CHORUS Everyone wants to be a cowboy Grab your guns boy Forty-five by my side, No the nigger dies. [PACE1] Zen, zen zen zen zen zen zen You shot your bullet, but the bullet when **** Desperado, do work for new boy I pull out my gun and plug two like Trugoy [WYCLEF] Wyclef [PACE1] Pace 1 [WYCLEF] Yo this was how the West was won, [PACE1] Our motto, a true Desperado. [WYCLEF] Rappers want to be actors So they play the Jesse James Character [PACE1] And get they bones fractured. [PACE1] You ain't got no guns, you off to the precinct Inside tuff guys are feminine like Sheena Easton [WYCLEF] Woman cry, woman cry, Son still dies Thrown off the building like the Fall guy Caved in the grave cause you didn't know how to behave Playin' cowboy now you sleep with the slaves [PACE1] Who's the desperado, sellin' bottles in the alley On some villain shit, wearin' a mask like Jim Carrey With his gat cocked, stinkin' up the crack spot Pace 1 dies with both eyes on the jackpot [WYCLEF] The town that I'm from beggars eat cat chowder Sundance Kid is the everyday purse snatcher If you see him coming, you better start running Like a terrorist I guarantee you he'll be humming. [PACE1] Dynamite, dynamite, Clef I got the cash [WYCLEF]  Yo let's skip town like Harlem nights. [LAURYN] We make moves in stage coaches Ra Digga likes the roaches If anyone approaches We be like noches, buenos And I compose a poem for the many gun-slingers R & B singers, perpetrating guns with two fingers. [RA DIGGA] My style is perhaps one of the foulest I inhale large clouds of smoke through my chalice. (Buckin' at stars) and write rhymes for hours The ghetto missy, drinkin' whiskey sours. [LAURYN] Bust this scenario, can't no other niggers in the barrio (From Newark to Ontario), bust us when we in stereo. Cause me and Rashida rock the battles It's apparent, your no talent, cause your blazin' in your saddle. [RA DIGGA] Watch these rap bitches get all up in your pockets Then bounce with accountants that give me good stock tips Cause props is up, Digga's through the roof Burnin' niggers like I'm 90 proof. [LAURYN] And for all you head beaters The lead eaters, the cheaters soon to be retreaters While mamasitas carry real heaters. [RA DIGGA] I rock the Dooby and L rocks the Nubian twists 96 Muthafuckas gettin' dissed [CLEF]:CHORUS Everyone wants to be a cowboy Grab your guns boy Forty-five by my side, No the nigger dies. [YOUNG ZEE] Yeah, when the OUT's hooked up with the Refugees It be more niggas than the NAACP Comin' up on weed of all type Smokin' home-grown out tobacco pipes. [PRAZ] (You've got to know when to hold them, Know when to fold them) I can take the sunshine, piss in your wine Steal your concubine, walk away with your goldmine. [YOUNG ZEE] So ooh aaah achiga, Mamase Mamasa Mamakusa [PRAZ] Fuck the sheriff, I shot John Wayne Push him off the runaway train in the movie Shane Yeah me and that kid, um "What's his name?" [YOUNG ZEE] That would be me, Young Zee from No Brain Smokin' pure from the health fodd store, While my whore slaps cops like Zsa Zsa Gabor Fuck with OUT's it's like those Islam brothers, We march through your hood with a million muthafuckas. So let's get high off the Fu-Gee-La When the east is in the house, like I'm Blahzay-blah [FORTE] When pandemonium strikes, at midnight Full moon splits soft niggas in a lunatic On some absurd shit You talk back, hustlin' crack don't make you bigger Niggas who take your measurements quick, don't make it quicker. Stick and slide with vigor City streets hot like liquor 21 gun salutin, shootin' niggas from the roof and Got nerve to mouth about it and the weight you claim you movin' Your whole style is loose and we gon' sew it like it's cotton. You fail to recognize that everybody could get gotten the bounty on your head, says your dead by manana Pop babies whisperin' that there's a body dropped, behind the lot Police blew up the spot and locked the whole block Medina is the east side of town lounge never till we yawnin' Gun players regular front page is the bonus Life will keep existing while I'm shitin' on opponents Life will keep existing while I'm shitin' on opponents [CLEF]:CHORUS Everyone wants to be a cowboy Grab your guns boy Forty-five by my side, No the nigger dies. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: No Woman, No Cry [CLEF] A dedication to all the refugees worldwide  One time say, say, say I remember when we used to sit in the government yard in Brooklyn. Observing the crookedness as it mingled with the good people we meet. Good friends we had, Good friends we've lost along the way. In this great future you can't forget your past, So dry your tears I say And to my peeps who passed away, No woman, no cry, no woman no cry, say say say. Hey little sister don't shed no tears No woman no cry say say say. I remember when we used to rock in a project yard in Jersey, And little Georgie would make the firelight, As stolen cars passed through the night And then we'd hit the corner store for Roots, paper, and brew. My drink's my only remedy For pain of losing family, but while I'm gone Shorty, Everything's gonna be alright, everything's gonna be alright, Fugees come to the dance tonight, everything's gonna be alright, O everything's gonna be alright, The gun man's in the house tonight, But everything's gonna be alright. [CHORUS] Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah Oh ah oh ah [CLEF] No woman no cry, no woman no cry. Hey, little sister, don't shed no tears No woman no cry say say say. I remember when we used to sit in a government yard in Trenchtown. The hypocrites as they mingled with the good people we meet. Good friends we had Oh good friends we've lost Along the way hey. In this great future, You can't forget your past so dry your tears I say And no woman no cry. No woman no cry say say say. Hey, little sistser, don't shed no tears No woman no cry and to my peeps who passed away [CHORUS] Oh ah oh ah  Oh ah oh ah  Oh ah oh ah  Oh ah oh ah  Oh ah oh ah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Manifest [CLEF] I woke up this morning I was feeling kind of high It was me, Jesus Christ and Haile Selassie Selassie said greetings in the name of the most high, Jah Rhastafari, Christ, took a sip of the Amaretto, Passed it down the table said today I'll be betrayed by one you 12 disciples Give me a clue who could do this to you? The kid on the block who makes less money than you. Crooked cops pulled up, they offered him 30 pieces of silver All he got to do is deliver the savior Right on Bergen St. from bad luck to good luck My cup runneth over, pass it down, guzzle up The time has arrived, the prophecy will manifest I saw death, I got scared, butterflies on my chest Father if possible, pass this cup before me, But it's too late I chose my destiny in Gethsemane. [LAURYN] You see I loved hard once, but the love wasn't returned I found out the man I'd die for, he wasn't even concerned And time it turned, He tried to burn me like a perm Though my eyes saw the deception, My heart wouldn't let me learn From um, some, dumb woman, was I, And everytime he'd lie, he would cry and inside I'd die. My heart must have died a thousand deaths Compared myself to Toni Braxton thought I'd never catch my breath Nothing left, he stole the heart beating from my chest I tried to call the cops, that type of thief you can't arrest Pain suppressed, will lead to cardiac arrest Diamonds deserve diamonds, but he convinced me I was worth less when my peoples would protest, I told them mind their business, cause my s*** was complex More than just the sex I was blessed, but couldn't feel it like when I was caressed I'd spend nights clutching my breasts overwhelmed by God's test I was God's best contemplating death with a Gillette But no man is ever worth the paradise MANIFEST [PRAZ] Gun-clap Shell cap, Got them crawling on they back Come through with the Fu They be who the F**k is that It's unpredictable, when my tongue performs like Jujitsu Cut you with my lyrics, stab you with my pencil Lethal injection, witness protection Refugee camp's under investigation Gunshot bursts in all directions For the wack MC's we read your revelations Discharge through your pores Get raw and kill Boors I can Capleton when I'm on a Tour Some manifest, with slugs in they chest God bless all the Cowboys in the Wild Wild West The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Fu-Gee-La (Refugee Camp Remix, Sly and Robbie Remix) [CLEF] We used to be number 10 But now we're permanent one Wyclef, Preacher's Son, Ichi bang, Listen Mrs. Tin Can I'm your candy handy man Me without you is like American without the Band Stand Cool fellow, dancehall stay mellow, All that guntalk who would have thought you died yellow Damn, another hero wannabe Now he sleeps with his friends in the mortuary Dude, I find it rude, when you intrude, My pistol nozzle hits your nasal, Doo doo comes out your anal Just because your buff, don't play tuff Cause I'll reverse the earth and turn your flesh back to dust. [LAURYN]:CHORUS Ooooh La La La,  It's the way that we rock when we're doing our ting Oooh La La La, It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing [FORTE] I stay high off the Fu-Gee-La Bust when we rush, Through you must, know ruckus Crew got G's like the refu's So F who Ever want to test Bring me stress, West coast back to east, Grab my toast when I reach Truly curvin', swervin, lifestyle is urban, Sippin' Bourbon, surviving We real to keep the word when A boy want fa testthis set Then you get wet-up Just a bit to unprepared to to shoot him fair bet [LAURYN] Fake bullets can't scar me I can smell the weak out like safari Play you out like Atari Sacrifice you Hari Kari And I'm sorry, To every single rapper, Dick and Harry Saying they want to spar me Cause how thick my repertoire And my memoir be Reminding me of eating Calamari in the Khalahari with a band of Rhastafari. Ha Ha Ha Ha, You shouldn't diss refugees, and Ha Ha Ha Ha, You whole sound set's bootie , and [LAURYN]:CHORUS Oooh La La La, It's the way that we rock when we're doing our ting Oooh La La La, It's the remix sound that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing [PRAZ] I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees, Sitting in the cool breeze in the West Indies Flea to sea, Ship my keys On the Santa Maria, sip Sangria with senoritas (They keep telling me this and telling me that) They smile in my face then they talk behind my back But what they lack is the facts about my stats My rap impact will kill you softly like Roberta Flack [CLEF] 2X Ayo, What's goin' on Armageddon come you know we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon,  Trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Fu-Gee-La (Refugee Camp Remix, Sly and Robbie Remix) [CLEF] We used to be number 10 But now we're permanent one Wyclef, Preacher's Son, Ichi bang, Listen Mrs. Tin Can I'm your candy handy man Me without you is like American without the Band Stand Cool fellow, dancehall stay mellow, All that guntalk who would have thought you died yellow Damn, another hero wannabe Now he sleeps with his friends in the mortuary Dude, I find it rude, when you intrude, My pistol nozzle hits your nasal, Doo doo comes out your anal Just because your buff, don't play tuff Cause I'll reverse the earth and turn your flesh back to dust. [LAURYN]:CHORUS Ooooh La La La,  It's the way that we rock when we're doing our ting Oooh La La La, It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing [FORTE] I stay high off the Fu-Gee-La Bust when we rush, Through you must, know ruckus Crew got G's like the refu's So F who Ever want to test Bring me stress, West coast back to east, Grab my toast when I reach Truly curvin', swervin, lifestyle is urban, Sippin' Bourbon, surviving We real to keep the word when A boy want fa testthis set Then you get wet-up Just a bit to unprepared to to shoot him fair bet [LAURYN] Fake bullets can't scar me I can smell the weak out like safari Play you out like Atari Sacrifice you Hari Kari And I'm sorry, To every single rapper, Dick and Harry Saying they want to spar me Cause how thick my repertoire And my memoir be Reminding me of eating Calamari in the Khalahari with a band of Rhastafari. Ha Ha Ha Ha, You shouldn't diss refugees, and Ha Ha Ha Ha, You whole sound set's bootie , and [LAURYN]:CHORUS Oooh La La La, It's the way that we rock when we're doing our ting Oooh La La La, It's the remix sound that the Refugees Bring Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah, Sweeeeet Thing [PRAZ] I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees, Sitting in the cool breeze in the West Indies Flea to sea, Ship my keys On the Santa Maria, sip Sangria with senoritas (They keep telling me this and telling me that) They smile in my face then they talk behind my back But what they lack is the facts about my stats My rap impact will kill you softly like Roberta Flack [CLEF] 2X Ayo, What's goin' on Armageddon come you know we soon done Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump A boy on the side of Babylon,  Trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: The Score Song: Mista Mista Sung by: Wyclef Mista mista Can I get five dollars So I can get something to eat HELL NO MOTHERFUCKA You can't get no money from me Cause everytime I give you a dollar You go get shot up with more and more needles And you tell me that you're drug free Drug Free Mista mista I haven't ate anything for a week Can I get a quarter? HELL NO MOTHERFUCKA What can a quarter get you? Nothing motherfucka You are just fucked up Off them fucked up drugs You know you need to leave alone But you keep telling me that you're drug free MOTHERFUCKA You ain't drug free, you're a fiend And everytime I try to help you You pretend as if it's okay Then later on in the week You go back to shootin' needles, to sniffin' Oh mf, but you told me you were DRUG FREE DRUG FREE You ain't drug free motherfucka So you damn well, can't get no motherfuckin money from me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Ready or Not (Clark Kent / Django Remix) Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Lauryn "L-Boogie" Hill] Ready Or Not (9x)... [Lauryn Singing] You can't run away From these styles I got oh baby,  hey baby, 'cause I got alot, oh yeah Anywhere you go, my whole crew gonna know, oh baby Hey baby, you can't hide from the block oh yeah! [Wyclef - Verse One] Yo! Now that I escape, selling five million plates My beeper vibrates, like California earthquakes But I keep a balanced head, 'cause you're hot, they're not M.C.'s go Hollywood, then lose their spot on the jukebox Still ichi bang, wack M.C.'s get the gong! Lyrical tongue Wireless mics from Samsung Wyclef, seduced once by an actress Angela Basset wanted the head of Jean Baptiste Meanwhile across town, I steal no money to Carlito Mama always said don't gamble I'm trapped in casino No more money in my bags Nightmares, getting closer I slept on Elm Street, Freddy Kruger Woke up with a German Luger Black serial killer, man turns to gorilla Provoked I change faces like Michael Jackson's Thriller B-B-B-B-B-Boo! (Imitating young Michael Jackson) And you don't stop!!! [Lauryn - Chorus] Sometimes the Refugees gotta take a stand and break! If any joker come fe' test another life we take! 'Cause when we gunning all the dance, we are the specialist! So scientist, lyricist, pop your pen intense (?)! ( 2x ) [Lauryn - Verse Two] If I could change the times, and make rhymes, raise the babies Give all the pigs rabies Send biting niggas to Haiti's Clothe young ladies Chase the rainbow, find the pot Free the third time offender once he learns to makes-a-lot Lose the fame Take the money Play boys, just like the bunny Find a man with a plan Slap a chicken, If she acts funny Break the bank, on tank Stop niggas from acting stank Take over your bounty rovers Teach a man to find Jehovah Own the stores, own the tours Watch the record, pimps and whores Make love, stop the wars Cop the land, like the Moors Make the last be the first Make the God respect the Earth Change the murder rate to the birth! Bust it! [Lauryn Singing] Ready Or Not Here I come You can't hide!  Gonna find you! And take it slowly! Ready Or Not Here I come You can't hide! Gonna find you! And make you want me! [Pras - Verse Three] No more tours, no more scores Por favor senor, I tempt crews, like a bull to a matador Run you for your Range Rover, Like that!  Leave you in a broken Nova, Like that!!  Buffalo soldier! Dreadlock rasta! (Wyclef in background) Rather be slaughtered, than be captured! Three refugees, one unusual suspect A snitch at the table, how far will your trust get? Lust got you busted, unlocking my vault Body as a Q-Tip, right on the asphalt Tell the youth that you shouldn't skylark Or get marked, like a narc, as The Beast in Nu Yok (New York) [Lauryn - Singing] You can't run away From these styles I got oh baby,  hey baby, 'cause I got alot, oh yeah Anywhere you go, my whole crew gonna know, oh baby Hey baby, you can't hide from the block oh no! [Chorus - 3x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Don't Cry Dry Your Eyes Typed by: DeMoNiKuS@aol.com [(Wyclef) Lauryn in parentheses] Yes, Refugee Camp (Yeah, Yeah Refugee Camp unh! Ahh!) Yo...It never stops, what?! We comin' back! (Murder dat buoy!) Ninety seven to two thousand, check it! (Ha! Ha! La!) [Wyclef] Jericho sound... No Woman No Cry (We 'bout to set it!) Yes! Yes! (We 'bout to set it!) Yo! We 'bout to set it! (L-Boogie, yes yo, what?!) We 'bout to set it! (We'bout to set it!) Yes! We 'bout to set it! (We 'bout to set it!) [Lauryn "L-Boogie" Hill - Verse One] Yo, L won't take the mark though I swim with sharks I make the dark see the light Board the ark for forty nights Times reveal a broken seal, like a (pause) fiend steal You for fake, I'm for real, like Jesus Christ's last meal You make deals with devils The soul descends infinite levels Pray to God I see the next, rescripture in Holy text then ask to be forgiven for premarital sex In the same breath I speak with death about the times and how many joined his army over bullshit rhymes You see L change the topic, clear as fiber-optics Make talk about your clothes become microscopic decisions Young bitches in prison, messing 'round with that life Thug, drug dealer wife Consequence cut like a knife, then we learned that only Jah and God can protect You know the story, housing projects is purgatory So, teach the youths they got more rights than Miranda Tell 'em this whole shit is propaganda! Word! [Wyclef] Yo, sound system, you know what I'm sayin'?! Jericho Sound...System! Turn up your sound...Systems! [Wyclef - Verse Two] Yo, here he comes down the road A black Maserati, what up Raheem? (Whatup?! Whatup?! Whatup?!) He never fought unless necessary You shot at? He shot back The whole block felt the bang Last man to fight with his fists his name was Jackie Chan Not Charles Brownson Once you hear the whistle, even Grandmas is stackin' up on old wooden pistols Nobody's thinking by the time you're done blinking Cold freezer, so your body won't be stinkin' Read the will, he left the bills for his daughter Soleil Last words written just before he got killed Woman cry (Crying) Why wasn't I the one? Not knowing, the omen was her son DAMIEN! (Demonic voice in background) Father forgive 'em, for they know not what they done Their meaning of fun is who can draw the quicker gun Easy with the fizi Second rate the violence Those who disagree hear your ashes blow in silence! [Wyclef] Yo! Turn up your sound system! This is the Refugee Camp! Jericho Sound System! Know what I'm sayin'?! Te Bass production! Refugee Camp collaboration! Turn up your sound system! Come on! Turn up your boom system! This is how we do, turn it up, come on! [Prakazrel "Pras" - Verse Three] From the heart of Kingston, to the streets of Brooklyn-Marcy All the way to the highest peak of any frequency, unhh! Illegal aliens, them all run invasions Broadcasting all over your radio stations (Radio station!) - Lauryn Mathematics, lead me to believe there's mysteries in numbers Lightning and thunder Enough, ribbons in the sky (Ribbon In The Sky!) To make Stevie Wonder and man it works, to say I come from down under (Come from down under!) The wiz kid got no ride You frontin' at the bar (You frontin' at the bar!) You ain't a star You rolled up in somebody else's car (You rolled up in somebody else's car!) You know the deal! BMW, Black Man Walking, came home your Timberlands was talkin'! (Uh huh) (Addressing Jeru) Niggas jealous 'cause the truth I said in Zealots Well let me tell it...Without Premier you couldn't sell it!!! [Lauryn] Murder dat buoy!!! [Wyclef - outro] We 'bout to set it, Yes! Yes! Jericho Sound! L-Boogie you know what I'm sayin? We gonna come like Star Wars, you know what I'm saying? We 'bout to set it! Nineteen ninety seven to the year two thousand and one! Ichi-Bang! Even in Japan! Yo, L you know the flavor! Battle star galactical! Who wanna battle?! Battle star galactical! Come on! You know the flavor! Jericho Allstars (Something in Creole) You know what I'm saying? You know, like the V Remember V, the old show we used to watch that? Yo...You know what I mean?! We 'bout to set it! Know what I'm sayin'! We 'bout to take y'all, you know what I'm sayin'?! Remember Mork & Mindy? We used to sit back, Happy Days you know what I'm saying? We 'bout to set it, but yo! Kids ain't playin' that no more, know what I'm sayin'? Niggas packin' pistols, once you hear the whistle, we 'bout to set it! You know what I mean? Yo! You know the flavor! You know what I mean?! Yo man! You know what I'm saying?! Good Times, J.J.... [Fades Out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Vocab (Salaam's Remix) Typed by: Illuminary@aol.com [Wyclef] Uh-Huh, Uh-Huh... [(Wyclef - Singing) {Wyclef in brackets} Lauryn Singing in parentheses] Vocab, on your mind! {We used to rock the mics in the park!} (Vocab) Vocab, in your mind! {We used to rock the mic after dark} (Vocab) The Vocab we bring is Blunted On Reality! {We used to rock the mics in the park!} (Vocab) So kick back, relax, with a crew called Refugees {We used to rock the mic after dark} (Vocab) [Wyclef - Verse One] Uh to my, people who pass  I pass gas, to light my incense I do a sundance, for those who died in the ambulance A simple stick-up, 'cause affects on the wrong lad Wrong vocab, he fell into the gap, no coming back Your hurry is he gets buried, the streets are empty Mom cry "misery" Little Bill waits for the adversary 'Cause if it's my brother, I gotta get revenge Action brings reaction, provoked by the street gem That's when, oh help me, please Zsa Zsa My niggas come to the dance, gun salute, with the revolver! (BLAOW!!) Out of respect, you catch wreck, they blast the tech! If your shit is wack, don't turn your back, you'll get pussy-smacked! I don't matter the year, tears for fears, I rule the world And in my vision, the world is science fiction Roxanne!!! You don't have to work for money no more!!!! And...I'm not smiling at no fake M.C.'s 'Cause is it me, or do you work for the K.G.B. ? A-Schiscka Bob, he drives a Dodge, he's a nobody Nobody's a somebody This nobody's a spy, kid He's the rap trader, I'm the battle fulfiller And if I was Magilla Gorilla, the mic's my Ban-ana So Coca-Cabana, who Anna on my scanner? My Grandma slam-a-any crews Ban, or surrender, Anna! Refugee Camp, grab him! Bag him! Throw him in the swamp, and let the swamp monsters have him! [Chorus 1x] add "Vocab baby, vocab!" -Lauryn [Prakazrel "Pras"] Then cast off from here to Mexico! You see my 4-5-6-a-be my cee-lo! And when I rest my head it's on a peee-low! B-D-B-D-B-D-B-B-D-B-BO! You see the skills I manifest, is very thorough! And if you don't believe me ask Freres Jacques, hunhh! A-Freres Jacques! A-Freres Jacques! A dorme vous? A dorme vous? Say our father, who art in Heaven Forgive the foolish rapper For he not know how which he be steppin' Correctin' Stopped and kept and, nuff respect to the D.J. That be selecting, that type of record Watch out now!!! When I choose to speak I'm forming the cipher fly east to the five percenter Knowledge is born, to all beginners Cast the first stone if you feel you ain't a sinner After eight stays, we resorted to rebell I'm packin' up my Nine To remedy my stale (?) Ask your local mechanic, he'll tell you my esophagus is very profane! I'm even locking Stephen King in his own ending! God damn it! You got static?! Drop your automatic!!! Niggas fabricating lyrics with cheap fabrics! All originale damn man is originale, oh! Bah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah! [Wyclef] Ahh, look at the youths, sick of the violence [Chorus 1x] [Lauryn "L-Boogie" Hill] The gorey got you hot 'cause you coop what you are! But I've been rockin' mic's since the days of Babylon!  My pen was eucalyptus, and my rappin' was the scroll I walked for many moons, and let the sandels jist to my control You're swole 'cause you couldn't cross the burnin' sands You never had no mercy when my people was in Egypt's land Say, "Yes I can!" With the force of Elijah Steppin' to you, they get irrigated like the Niger So hide the cattle Fugees come to battle We'll take all your bounty, then we'll eat your vittles I'm used to the type of poetics that mesmerize I caught you checkin' with them Bette Davis eyes! Surprise, surprise! You never knew a girl could stylize! It's from the soul! I ain't freakin' with white lies Yo, hey guys! Remember the summer of '92? Battle after battle! Crew after crew! So, hachoo! Fugees coming with a brand new style! I'm rollin' with them hoodies from the H-A-I! It takes awhile for them average niggas to get it But once they understand they won't want to freak with this, see... I'm like the phantom That's flying like the bird Doin' shit you never heard Plus I come from the suburbs Word to God! I heard ya had it kinda hard and you got your skin scarred when they was shootin' on the boulevard! [Chorus 2x] "Vocab, baby" 14x (Lauryn) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Ready Or Not (Salaam's Ready For The Show Remix) Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Wyclef] I'm just about done... Yo, let me finish tuning this guitar... Yo, y'all ready for the show? [Lauryn "L-Boogie" Hill (Chorus)] (Wyclef in parentheses) Ready Or Not! (Yo!) - Wyclef Here we come! (Uh Huh) All the biting M.C.'s and the pirates, I go run! (Come on, come on) (Why?)'Cause they are old!  (And...) And we are young! (Uh huh...and) And while we're young, yes we're gonna have some fun! (Yo!) (Here it comes) Here we go! Skippity bop bop bop, skippity whoa!! Swing! (Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo!) Skippity bop bop bop, skippity WHOA!!! SWING!! (Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo!) [Wyclef] You should've have died before you reach this station, Refugees we run the border! Ay! Ay!...Ay! Ay! You should've have died before you reach this station, Refugees we all go murder! Now!!! [Wyclef] Yo! Now that I escape, selling four million plates My beeper vibrates, like California earthquakes But I keep a balanced head, 'cause you're hot, they're not M.C.'s go Hollywood, then lose their spot on the jukebox Still ichi bang, wack M.C.'s get the gong! Lyrical tongue Wireless mics from Samsung Wyclef, seduced once by an actress Angela Basset wanted the head of Jean Baptiste Meanwhile across town, I steal no money to Carlito Mama always say don't gamble I'm trapped in casino No more money in my bags Nightmares, getting closer I slept on Elm Street, Freddy Kruger Woke up with a German Luger Black serial killer, man turns to gorilla Provoked I change faces like Michael Jackson's Thriller B-B-B-B-B-Boo! (Imitating young Michael Jackson) And you don't stop!!! [Chorus 1x] [Wyclef] Yo, L-Boogie where you at? [Lauryn] I'm just adjusting my mic [Wyclef] Come on, yo L-Boogie where you at?! [Lauryn] I'm just adjusting my mic! [Wyclef] Yo, L-Boogie where you at? Come on! [Lauryn] I'm just adjusting my mic! [Wyclef] Well won't ya, grab the mic and lead the blind to the light?! [Lauryn] If I could change the times, make rhymes, raise the babies Give all the pigs rabies Send biting niggas to Haiti's Clothe young ladies Chase the rainbow, find the pot Free the third time offender once he learns to makes-a-lot Lose the fame Take the money Play boys, just like the bunny Find a man with a plan Slap a chicken, If she acts funny Break the bank, on tank Stop niggas from acting stank Take over your vouch free Rovers Teach a man to find Jehovah Own the stores, own the tours Watch the record, pimps and whores Make love, stop the wars Cop the land, like the laws Make the last be the first Make the God respect the Earth Change the murder rate to the birth! (Swing!) [Chorus 1x] [Wyclef] Hey yo, Pras where you at? [Prakazrel "Pras"] I'm just adjusting my mic [Wyclef] Yo! Hey yo, Pras where you at?! [Pras] I'm just adjusting my mic! [Wyclef] C-C-Come on, yo Pras where you at?!! [Pras] I'm just adjusting my mic! [Wyclef] Well won't ya, grab the mic and make the crowd react! [Prakazrel "Pras"] No more tours, no more scores Por favor senor, I do the soundbite from here to El Salvador Ready to take over, Like that! (Gun cocks) Run your whole crew over, Like that!! (Gunshot) Buffalo soldier! Dreadlock rasta! (Lauryn in background) Rather be slaughtered, than be captured! Three refugees, one usual suspect Trapped in the firm, 'cause he fell to two techs Prospects have thoughts, blood in like outlets I can read your whole flow, just like a pamphlet Thousands and thousands of watts High volt! Body as a Q-Tip, right on the asphalt Tell the truth that you shouldn't sky off This is Mr. Prakazrel, I don't take it as an insult I grab the money, money! Stash the cash-n-dash, peddle on the gas I'm clear like Everlast! (Never seen a refugee movin' so fast!) - Salaam Now catch me in Jamaica Chillin' at the break of sunsplash! [Chorus 1x] [Lauryn] (Ooo-wee!) To Queens (Ooo-wee!) To New Jersey (Ooo-wee!) To Brooklyn (Ooo-wee!) ...and Uptown (Ooo-wee!) ...and Long Island (Ooo-wee!) ...Staten Island (Ooo-wee!) ...U.C. (University of Columbia) (Ooo-wee!) ...Miami! (Ooo-wee!) ...To Jamaica! [Fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees (Refugee Camp) Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Killing Me Softly With His Song (Short Version Live) [Lauryn - Verse One] - (Pras in parentheses) Yo! Yo! What?!  I heard he sang a good song, yeah! Yo...I heard he had a style And so, I came to see him and listen for awhile! (Yo, yo, yo, yo...unh,unh) What?! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo!...And there he was, this young bra! (Just a lil' kid chillin' on a...unh) Ha-Ha! Stranger to my eyes! (C'mon, what?! Unh, Ahh!) [Chorus] - (Wyclef & Pras in parentheses) {Pras in brackets} Strummin' my pain with his fingers, yo! (One time!) Singing my life with his words...Two times! (Two times!) {Come on!} Killing Me Softly With His Song...Killing Me Softly! {Yo! Unh-uh! Unh-unh- unh-unh!} With His Song, telling my whole life! {Ha! Unh, unh!} With his words, Killing Me...Softly! Yo, yo...Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! {Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo, unh!} With His...Song! (Yo L-Boogie!) (Throw 'em off the bridge!) - Wyclef [Bridge] [Chorus 1x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees (Refugee Camp) w/ Steve Marley, Sharon Marley, 	Eric Newell, and Pamela Hall Album: Bootleg Versions Song: No Woman, No Cry (Remix with Steve Marley) Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Wyclef] - (Lauryn in parentheses)  ...Yo, Steve Marley throw on your Father's old record...(Yeah) - Lauryn Ha! Classic material...Refugee Camp, hold tight! Yes, yes!  Steve Marley, come on! Ah-Ha! Wyclef, Ha-Ha! Feel the Gong! Heh-Heh! Yes, yes y'all! Heh, come on!...Yes, yes! Feel the Gong! (Echo) [Steve Marley - Chorus] - {Marley sisters background singing in brackets} No Woman, No Cry (Crowd Cheers) No Woman, No Cry! {No Woman, No Cry!} No Woman... No, No Woman!...No Woman, No Cry! {No Woman, No Cry!} [Steve Marley - Verse One] (Wyclef in parentheses) {Marley sisters in brackets} You see... Said I remember! Oh, when we used to sit (Where at?) - Wyclef In a government yard, in Trenchtown {Town!} - Marley Sisters (And what did you used to see son?) Well oh, I was observing, them hypocrites! As they would... Mingle with the good people we meet {Meet!} Yeah-yeah! Good friends we have, and oh well! Good friends we've lost! Yeah-yeah! Along...The way! {Way!} Yeah! In this great future, yeah! You can't forget your past! Say-yeah Oh, dry your tears I say {Say!} [Chorus 1x] [Wyclef] - (Lauryn singing in parentheses) - {Marley sisters in brackets} Say! Say! Say! Say! I remember! When we used to sit! [Where at son?] Oh, In a project yard, in Brooklyn! {Lyn!} [Oh, yeah right when I left Haiti, ha] And little George he, would make the fire light! (I tell ya!) As...Stolen cars passed through the night {Night!} [Newark, New Jersey, AH- Ha!] And then we'd hit, the corner store!  For Roots, paper, and brew, wooh! {Brew! Whoo!} My drinks, my only remedy! I tell ya! (Sold out! Sold out!) For pain of losing, family... But while I'm gone, sure thing... [Steve, Lauryn, Sharon, and Pam singing] - (Clef, Eric, and Ziggy chanting) Everything's gonna be alright!! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) Everything's gonna be alright! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) Everything's gonna be alright!! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) Everything's gonna be alright! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) Everything's gonna be alright!! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) Everything's gonna be alright! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) Everything's gonna be alright!! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) Everything's gonna be alright! (OH! AH! OH-AH!) (HO!) [Steve Marley] ...So, Woman No Cry! No, No Woman!...{No Woman, No Cry!} [Wyclef] Say! Say! Say! Say! Hey, little sista! Don't shed no tears! Said No Woman! No Woman, NO CRY! {No Woman, No Cry!] [Steve Marley] Lay-La-Lay-La-Lay-La-Lay-La-A-EE!  [Wyclef] Yes-yes! Wyclef, Steve Marley sittin' back reminiscing This is how it used to be...Yes-yes! {No Woman, No Cry!] (Yeah, yo...Ghetto Youths up in here! heh) - Lauryn [Steve] No Woman, AY! No Woman, Ay! No Woman, No Woman, No Cry! No Woman, No Cry! (With Wyclef) {No Woman, No Cry!} [Lauryn] Yeah...Refugees up in here... [Marley Sisters] - (Steve in parentheses) Little darlin' (Yeah you!) Don't shed no tears!............ [ALL JOIN IN] NO WOMAN, NO CRY!!! (No cry!) - Steve The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Bootleg Versions Song: Vocab (Hip-Hop Remix) * *  originally avail. on the Vocab 12" Intro: Lauryn Hill Yo, this is the Fugees Refugees About to take you on a journey Into the dimensions of the Booka basement The basement, word Uhh Hey yo, one two three! The crew is called Re-Fu-Ge-ee-es An if yu come fa tes the rap stylee Stop the violence and just bring it on, willld Verse One: Lauryn Hill Hey yo I, feel kind of melancholy people think they really know me I keep a wrap about me while I'm driving daddy's Audi I pay the toll fighting for my own soul Cause the bourgeoise type of mental sucks like a flat comb But I be baitin the rebel base to bass distort the EQ The devil's wishin they could send me back to Mogadishu Cause I've been wild since I was a juvenile Afro-centric profile, back when righteous rap was your style Now kids are whylin so I ask the bad black Boogie bandit, what's the damage, gimme the estimate then pray tell me when's the revolution will begin? I turn on my TV I check out Farrakhan on CNN see I'm like the phantom that's flying like the bird do And things you never heard plus I come from the suburbs Word to God, I heard you're acting kind of hard And you got your skin scarred when they was shootin on the boulevard         [Lauryn Hill] (You got the vocab)    I got the vocab (On the real got the vocab)  You know we got the vocab (All my peeps got the vocab) Yeah, we got the vocab [Lauryn] Aiyyo Praz, grab the mic and show you got the gift of gab Verse Two: Prazwell Then cast off from here to Mexico You see my four-five-six a-be my Celo And when I rest my head is on a pillow Be-ba-dee-be, be-dee-be, be-dee-be-bo You see the skills I manifest is very tho-rough And if you don't believe me ask Freres Ja-cques Mmmm, Freres Jacques, Freres Jacques A dorme vous? A dorme vous? WATCH OUT NOW! When I choose to speak I'm forming the cipher fly East to the Five Percenter Knowledge is born, to all beginners Cast the first stone, if you feel you ain't a sinner, ahh Say o-ur father, who art in heaven Forgive the foolish rapper for he not know how Fugee be steppin Correct and, stopped and kept in, nuff respect to the DJ, that be selectin, the type of record ahhh         [Prazwell] (You got the vocab)    I got the vocab (The click's got the vocab)  You know they got vocab (Brooklyn got the vocab)  We got the vocab [Lauryn] Aiyyo Clef grab the mic and show you got the gift of gab Verse Three: Wyclef Check it out, here we go Back in Eighty-TREE, no one wanted to be NAPPY I turn on my TV, it's a dreadlock for FREE Kill the gimmick It's nonsense, it's no sense or value a rapper, disaster, nobody ever told me that "Roxanne, you don't got to work for money no more!!"... and... Back in the days I used to listen to Kool G Rap Way back when before guns became gats and Run-D.M.C. used to ask Mary was she buggin? I loved P.E., they kept me concious of what I was saying Afrika Bambaata, Poor Righteous Teacher Got within myself so it made me a Five Percenter Say La-Di-Da-Di, UHH! we like to party but my jam was BDP, with My Philosophy Say Grandmaster Flash, MC Melle Mel Then LL Cool J came with Rock the Bells! See I'm the one for the crew, like a Jew is a Jew Like Apollo got the moon, like the men who got the blue Like the Fu got the Manchu, Chaka got the Zulu Hawaii got the Honolulu I got the rap lieu, so skippedy-de-bop-bop you don't stop You do the rock-rock from hip-hop through be-bop from be-bop to bee-bee         [Lauryn Hill] (You got the vocab)    I got the vocab (Boogie Down got the vocab)  You know they got the vocab (Black people got the vocab) Word, we got the vocab [Lauryn] Aiyyo peeps, grab the mic and show you got the gift of gab (You got the vocab)    Yeahh, we got the vocab (Queens got the vocab)   You know y'all got the vocab (Uptown got the vocab)   Yeahh, they got the vocab [Lauryn] Aiyyo, bros grab the mic and show you got the gift of gab (DC got the vocab)    Word, y'all got the vocab (Virginia got the vocab)  Aiyy, I know y'all got the vocab (Oakland got the vocab)   Word, they got the vocab [Lauryn] Aiyyo, sisters grab the mic and show you got the gift of gab The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte Album: Poly Sci Song: Hot Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Forte - Intro] No need to be scared, you got to be prepared (Nutzbaby!) No games, just taking names... (Nutbaby!) I got vendetta son, If I must say, you need to recognize John Forte'... (Nutzbaby!) I want two minutes, uninterrupted just to let you know how things go (Nutzbaby!) The full on introduction, listen hard I'll put you on to somethin' (Nutzbaby!) To Let all the gentlemen and ladies finally meet the Nutzbaby! (Nutzbaby!) [Forte - One Verse] I heard the buzz lord, it trapped me With all these niggas records sounding happy That's nonsense, so even when I smile I'm kicking street shit you bounce with You want what?! Affiliated, with some world-reknowneders  fifteen records gold-plated But it's the Nutzbaby, know your territory 'fore you play it Is you crazy nigga? Every ghetto block, tastes this gravy Shady niggas taste to say we unofficial Grissle, slide dog I'm certified! You rappers irk me to my heart With a spike in every tree, odyssey Sounding like you, gott-a Be who you be, Centers, don't shoot a three I hit it hard love, my pain is sincere I want revenge, wanna get me, Hot this year it's to stop your career So brothers sit straight, bragging on the air like you're dead weight You mid-weight, I'm closer to the street than a mix tape, baby who you think you dealin' with?!  I'm known to dip, on and off many tracks as I write my own shit So who fraud? Speak on it god Get the point, while your shines getting snatched in the club, I'm gettin' love, In the strip joint, tight! V.I.P., all downtown, New York baby Three scoops and have 'em giggling, "Oops, Nutzbaby!" This a grown man affair, I know thugs who strip 'em bare and do drugs like breathing air, but I rarely go there I'm here to think quick, and drink slow For brothers that I link with, got liquid Like a flow, shorties actin' stank 'til they seen the video And wore ins with my mens, I break 'em off like bobby pins, joyride like Spragga Benz Only seven niggas in this close, 'til death, an overdose Manage funds with number one, O.T.'s with baby guns Chop lock, with Mr. Rash, get laid, with Freddie Suade, Nelda, you do the books, Pretty Pat, stay paid And to my mentor, the true inventor, Black Sinatra The San Diego don, Adolph with Ollie Oshe So what the deal? That the deal! I set shit off then peel And when I sell a million plates, we need to renegotiate Mostly lately, I'm gettin' on 'em You're trying to break me? I'm SHITTIN' on 'em! Well you can hate me 'cause I'm swift Who the mouthpiece for beef, jealous niggas just reef You know the stat there, I bless it I ain't home, leave a message You a hoe from years ago, John Forte' ain't in the rest here I let my mens call it, for the ballers if you check it 'Cause All You Gotta Do is make a record! [Forte' - Spoken] Ay yo Warren man, take that from the top man I'm-I'm-I'm not feelin' it... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ Destruct, Fat Joe Album: Poly Sci Song: They Got Me Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Forte' - Chorus] They Got Me killin with them They Got Me sinnin' with them Smokin' drum, holdin' arms, bustin' guns with them They Got Me fearin' the pen, cuz I don't want to go in It's going on-and-n-on-and-n-on- again! [Forte' - Verse One] Yo, Call my lawyer They ran up on me son, ain't nothin' for ya Two shots, my allabies, I'm with Joe and De La Hoya Fight on, ran up in the crib and turned the lights on Yo get this, Mothafucka! I don't leave no witness Like Larry Fishburne, I'll meet in Hawthorne, pushin' lefts With no signal light on, yo word bond, I know the shit's on! Called Don Cartagena from the Pilan Yo be war, lawyers and attorneys trying to hurt me Indeed I, feel stressed  Clutched my shorty's chest smokin' C.I.'s Truth or die, shoot the five, uncivilized to B.Y.'s Muffled lives, like a pit bull at will Sit still, or you're shook real, y'all niggas need to get real, or get killed! The 4-fifth, call the men still, alcohol's never distilled A hundred proof vest, bulletproof! [Forte- Chorus 2x] [ Fat Joe - Verse Two] Ungh, yeah yeah... I live a plush life Nothin' on my wrist, crushed ice Bumpin' the heist, in the GS with the bug lights Just us guys, tough guys, the puff lye Cut up pies from night, 'til the sunrise If one of us dies, his fam gets a share Every man's treated fair, no one's getting his hand kissed in the chair We all shine as individuals, ex-criminals, we trained to not hate you for the residuals Now his interludes, reflecting how we was reppin' Snappin' necks-n-----Charging the mob for our protection I'm still rejecting offers from half the forces A corner office, and ten percent of all extortions I'm still enforcing, but only when it's close to home Do it for Tony, he taught me how to hold my own But now I'm fully grown, and I got dreams of my own My whole team on the throne, living like kings out of Rome...It's on! [Forte' - Chorus 2x] [Fat Joe - Verse 3] Ungh...Yeah..Yo.... For the right price I'll put any rapper on ice Over three gods, Terror Squad'll cough 'em up real nice Send him to Christ, taking his life's not a problem I've been robbin' niggas and pullin' triggas way before my album Drownding my sorrows with bottles of Moe Anybody can go, lose your control, end up a John Doe You didn't know, my shit is game tight The insane type to bust open your brain with a drainpipe It ain't right, but I don't give a - UNGHH! Me and Punisher contemplate your death, like the governer My red dot that make ya head hot, disgusting wet spot Blood gushing down your bumbleclot dreadlocks! [Forte'] Ayo Joe! We suffocating with the headlock Let's fly the kite to his Ma You leave the key inside the breadbox I hold the toaster, Fugee-Camou coats and penny loafers Glass table meetings with Dons, I'm nice wit' mine No time to be fair, I build in this square I'm holdin' it there, my corporation's like a million in share The gat push weak niggas back, from Brownsville to Flatbush 9- double 1 dialing shorty wildin' She tryin' to send the god up to the island Like the rest of my fam, the best of the damned The Beast, who locked the rest of my mens Lease a tenant, four pounds are fingerprinted Louisville's aluminum invented, some dumb scent it and peppermint it! [Forte' - Chorus 2x] [Destruct - Verse Four] We're just thugs for life Bustin' slugs for life Forte', Brownsville, Gun tec unite Fat Joe, BX you know the shit stay tight Cap's casings, blast faces, and do what you like! Cap's casings, blast faces, and do what you like! My son drive a bust guns, though the shit ain't right We're just thugs for life, bustin' slugs for life Forte'! Brownsville! Gun tec, unite! Brownsville! BX! (Repeat & Fade out) Forte' ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte` f/ Jenni Fujita and Wyclef Jean Album: Poly Sci Song: Ninety Nine (Flash The Message) Typed by: diva2009@hotmail.com [CHORUS - Jenni Fujita] Me and my crew in a little tour show Learned to flip the door with the money we've got. The blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on Till one by one, we were gone. Subway sparks after dark. Flash the message: something's out there. [Wyclef Jean] Yo John, that was the eighties man. This is Ninety-nine. It's crazy out there. [Jenni Fujita] Flash the message: something's out there. [Wyclef Jean] John Forte`, uh-huh, uh-huh. Hey yo, John Forte`. [John Forte` - Verse 1] Yo...yo... Hustle big, hustle small. All y'all relate to it. I'm a a culture power, baby, when I run right through it. What the biz, money? You know John and what it is. But then again too many yes-men... (Wyclef: "Yo John, they missed it.") Hustle big, hustle small. All y'all relate to it. I'm a a culture power, baby, when I slide right through it. What the biz, money? You know John and what it is. Then again too many yes-men inside the business. We stay grungy. Risk take on streets like a bungee. Hoes get nothing from me. I'm-a die feeling hungry. Rappers too complacent. I make hits in the basement. Got all the men on top wondering where they placement. If it's real, then it's real, And it ain't no replacement. Them jealous cats who talk need to all walk adjacent. I trifold y'all all into a image my mold. So I can teach you how to walk, eat, drink, and buy gold. My shit is iz-ill. Wear three condoms out in Brazil. Brothers from the 'ville no fault at the iz-ill. Wanna have a duke? Get real! How you fiz-eel? You couldn't stick me if you brought the chisel. What the diz-eal? Eat four stars at every miz-eal. You kiz-ill the vibe. You just high from the twiz-ill. And sti-zill I flow riz-ill, leave you fiz-ill, And leave y'all all stuck like Jack from without the Jiz-ill What? [CHORUS - Jenni Fujita (Wyclef's lyrics in parentheses)] Me and my crew in a little tour show Learned to flip the door with the money we've got. (Make the money) The blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on. Till one by one, we were gone. (I'm gone) Subway sparks after dark. Flash the message: something's out there (Suicide. It's a suicide. Parappa!) Flash the message: something's out there. [John Forte` - Verse Two] I shoot the gift cop. Find John at the strip spot Juggling three who all know to keep their lips locked. I don't get got. I told y'all before: it's hot. Fuck the floss. I'm the boss when I rock flip-flops. Culture hip-hop. Before I take your head you should skip bop. Or find us in your homes with the chrome and the shits cocked. What? Hey y'all pose hard, but they rip up. I leave them enemies with their lips shut. Did what? Yo money ease up how you cease us. You better off reefin' lighting trees up, Smoking with your mens fantasizing something swiftly. But little did you know I had the whole country with me [BRIDGE - Wyclef Jean] Little do you know (3x) I got the whole country with me. Little do you know, huh? [Repeat CHORUS] [Repeat BRIDGE] [Repeat CHORUS] [Wyclef Jean] Refugee Camp All-stars, Dirty Cash, C.O., Wyclef Jean, Nutzbaby, Nutzbaby. John Forte`, where you at baby? Come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' Album: Poly Sci Song: God is Love, God is War Typed by: TysonCHAMP@aol.com [Forte' - Spoken Words] Recently, I was compelled to tell the tale of two men Not long ago, in a club in the dead of winter They'd come into conflict, over mistaken identities Brought forth, by the pursuit of a woman She ultimately became the scapegoat for an ego-maniacal environment There are two sides to every coin, as well as every story Balance, is a way of life...Be it for better, or worse.... [Forte' - Chorus] Right, Left North, South Two sides balance out Black, White Either or God Is Love, God Is War Right, Left North, South Two sides balance out Black,White Either or God Is Love, God Is War! [Forte' - 1st Verse] In peace, live by the sword God Is love, God Is War Most cats out on the streets don't know what they're fighting for Buckwild, despite the law And nobody like to run Hit holders with shoulder chips up in the club Yo, that's the wrong man money and you rubbed his bitch And that man make money, have you seen his clique? Every member flying iron and their knights with it You feeling pressure, like a black where only whites can sit Well you ain't want a situation , but you've got one here... You don't want to see the bin, you've been out on year... How you trying to play it off up in this club if you dare to You walk beside the mix, and your mens ain't near you You want to holler names, knowing well that they won't hear you And this nigga here really got to learn to fear you You're feeling your conceal knowing that you've got to tear through In their room, holding onto life like an heirloom! [Forte' - Chorus 2x] [Forte' - 2nd Verse] Hey yo my back is on the wall And I pray that god bless you I'm running out of patience, and you're blatant disrespectful My crew never played, we was babies getting paid Spots locked from Coney Island to the Brooklyn Promenade Took lives and stealing I.V.'s, very few niggas like me The Devil in your midst, and what you don't know could hurt you My squad terrorize everything outside their circle Shit! These mens are worse, and they all is thirst But it's more than just the woman, my respect comes first Man I, burst buffoons when I curse with coons If you survive, may your Mother come and nurse your wounds Only to, catch it again Rule one, no friends This club shit'll make you careless My burners leave you airless (Yeah) Seconds away from your last day (from your last day, seconds away everyday, all day) [Forte' Chorus - 2x] [Forte' - 3rd Verse] Well, like my pops said, "you play, you gotta pay"(True-true) I dig your sham, but my man's on the real (But who you?) My sons put me on, and I heard of the name But you got 1 second left, out of 5 for fame Though outnumbered, I want it You the hunter, getting hunted By a younger predator, if you want it And son if it come down to the wire, and my mens ain't 'round we gonna do what we gotta, 'cause I can't back down It's too late now, expect you, when your man through A little verbal attitude, and I found that rude Now what to do? I know your crew, and each one got stripes But I'm young see, and one thing you not -- Hungry! It's either or, in the game from the door Lets see who'll be the first to find the floor! (That all!) [Forte' Chorus - 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ 20 Grand, DMX Album: Poly Sci Song: We Got This Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com .....(Forte & DMX Growling).... [Chorus - Forte' & DMX] {Forte'} You wanna bust guns? (You wanna lock fists?) - DMX in parentheses {Forte} Forte' ! (DMX!) {Forte'} Be the hottest! {Forte' & DMX} We Got This!!! (You ain't hear?!!!!) {Forte'} We Got This! ( Nigga! You ain't hear?!!!) {Forte'} We Got This!  {Forte' & DMX} Straight up! We locked it!!! [Forte' - Verse One] Associated with the razor blade spinners like gym stars and heavy hitters,  Them younger gods love banana clips, broads that strip candle wax, brown Beamers to whip And jerk a bitch, known to hit ya, for taking pictures! Thirty two shots to split ya! It's all about the cash when I'm fuckin' wit' ya! John could make ya richer!  Fuck the Prince of Bel-Air! I'm known to sell heir, got game like a politician whose trying to add on, when it's not addition You need to revamp! The hottest nigga out the Refugee Camp! Run up on you B, and leave your seat damp! And sell stocks slow, sellin' high, by low From Madina up to Y.O. El Capitan John, micapo Get tore down, and that's the way it go down! The east is like the wild west without the showdown! Them niggas be like, "what now?!" Get cut down! From the gut down! Intense heh? And leave you shut down! You knocked out! Regardless, what round! WHAT NOW?!! [Dmx] Unghh!!! My nigga said it!! Niggas'll get it! That's the rule! I'm 'bout to break money off - a - li'l somethin', pass the food! Cuz when I'm drunk! I'm a different nigga! And all you gonna see is a spark, ain't no whiffin' nigga! I figure like this...It's just me against the world! Cuz all my fuckin' life, it's been the world against Earl! What you think I'm-a do...when my back's against the wall!!? Fuck it! get ROLLED! Roll 'til I fall! X'll Kill 'em all!!! That's what they say to me now! You vermon nigga! In a time where it's okay to be foul!! And you lovin' it! It's got John Blaze! Just duckin' it! And this track won't rest, unless X'll put the slug in it! But, would it fit?! Nah, don't even think like that! This is some shit that I could let go, and bring right back! It's like crack, if you cook it, overlook it, so I shook it!!! Like a pit, what you get, is what you wit' me so I took it! [Chorus 2x] [20 Grand Pikasoe - Verse Two] This track'll make me zone out! Run up in the party with the chrome out! Clear Jerome out, no doubt! Ice jingling, sons mingling, drugs we bring it in! Pikasoe baby! Gotta get this money baby! 50's and 100's baby! My whole crew be sonnin' you What you gonna talk about wit' a gun in front of you?! Niggas grimy wit' it, slimy wit' it! [Forte'] Put in the card baby, you gone Too many hard rappers live for cunan You knew John was too on Me and DMX, whether change your suit on Walk dogs, word to god bound to live large and get charged, WHAT!? [DMX] Unghh! Unghh! If you my dog, YOU CREEP WHEN I CREEP! EAT WHEN I EAT! SLEEP WHEN I SLEEP! For real, SHIT IS DEEP! And what you don't know, will kill you! From X, to Forte' niggas will feel you!! [Forte'] I'm roundin' mine more And very few can nine hold The kick's too strong, y'all niggas do songs, we live on! Dough to sit on!  I'm down to shit on! Watch y'all talkin' mothafuckas keep walkin' watch the dogs barkin'! [DMX] Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! I set the clock! Clip the glock! Hit the block! Rip the rock! In the sock! Get the knot! This shit is hot! Can't deny it, you mothafuckas since you know how it go, don't try it! [Chorus - 3x] Artist: John Forte'  Album: Poly Sci Song: P.B.E. (Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent) Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Forte'] I encourage everyone to sing along... Unh-huh, with the song... Yo you can bump this, on every side of the compass You know the crew, you can ask Grady We not playin' baby We just Nutzbaby Can you dig it lady? yo.... I'm Powerful, man... (Powerful) Yo, I'm Beautiful man...(Beautiful) Yo, I'm Excellent man...(Excellent) Come on man you really can't even dig it baby, come on now... I'm... [Forte - Chorus] Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent! You the little thing that I want! Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent! You the dime piece that I want! Come on now again... Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent! You the little wiz that I want! Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent! It's too much iron that I want! (P.B.E.!) [Forte' - Verse One] MmHmm....Shorty got a little walk wit' her Spread the word I wanna have a little talk wit' her I heard a few cats dealed out and forked with her Sure... She knew my name, looking cute, acting awkwarder Yo D, double park the B outside I ain't even take a step yet, she's alkaline! But I don't sweat it though Some brothers'll never know Kids know my style, matico! And with a short stay, at the crib of John Forte' I leave that body shook like your first court date Ooo, You is so fine! Amongst the best, you a diamond in the gold mine I turn it and have you digging it in no time Why you laughing at the captain, that ain't no lyin' ? As if I said this before, who'd be foolish to ask for mo' ? As if you didn't know! Well yea Dad, I travel 'round Ran through many towns I met too many clowns, on many grounds Although I love women-kind A devil comes in all forms, shape, colours, of many minds Seductive, your G's tight love, but destructive The type to throw a fit to keep your man pussy-whipped Baby, who you think you dealin' wit' ? I was schooled by the same vets who used the same game  to put your moms and your aunts in check And still feelin' it, you dig? Now think hard, before you say another word Actin' like you never heard of this P.B.E. F-O-R-T-E, asking over he-- That little diplomat, who can break yo' back So where your head at? You want a li'l beef? Tat-tat! Worldwide, allegience, stick it, and respect that Bet that Brownsvillie hard love, and silly Twenty slash twenty (20/20), Barbara, call me honey Show me yo' money My crew though paid, stay hungry I still let a shorty fund me You a dummy, I'll report if you want me! [Forte' - Verse Three] You want something to relieve, and royally, we're the kings "And Bat-Man don't wear G-strings!" (Imitating Wyclef dissing LL Cool J) You a baby, still teething My crew, sneak up on you like a bee-sting Oysters, touting ginseng You've got a private invi - to - the - tation Wasting my time and your time, makes me impatient So listen to the tracks as the lights go out Wild cats clear the front, turn your thang - thangs out! (No Doubt!) P.B.E. ! P.B.E. ! Pardon the interruption But I was just discussing Your fine figures, won't you hang out with my niggas We 'gon', party until the daybreak And do whatever it takes To satisfy your appetite and treat you right, baby! Powerful, Beautiful, Excellent! ....... P.B.E.! (Repeat 5x) (Darryl "#1" Phillips, talking in background) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ Prazwell Album: Poly Sci Song: The Right One Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Forte' - Speaking] If you want it, you 'gon' get it, partner! What you think it look like? Nutzbaby... My, like I ain't tell you from the jump brotha Don't judge me 'cause of this baby...Let me know! [Forte' - 1st Verse] El Capitan, first name John Swift on You foes, only do shows with new kicks on Toe - toes, with my brother Pass the Grey Poupon Hoe cronies, I don't know what the fuck y'all on So long, a brother gone Learn it in quote I want a sista man, my beat Jamaicans rock on flows Laugh now, you know The Score Before I killed The Carnival Don't stop You knew me before the solo record dropped What?! I'm into passing on Movin' slow, inter - national Since I fork through the dough Called my first girl a hoe, 'cause I sweat her Now I know better, to let it flow, like I never met her And let the show tour broads quick to fuck a man, in the spotlight That's why I maintain the upperhand Damn! You know the half Shit is straight, 'til I turn it Who fresh? You gonna blow it? Only if you know it! [Jeni Fujita Singing Chorus (Forte' in parentheses)] If you want it, we got it! (You got The Right One, baby!) You got The Right One, baby! If you want it, we got it, decide it! (You got The Right One, baby!) You got The Right One, baby! If you want it, we got it! (You got The Right One, baby!) You got The Right One, baby! If you want it, we got it, decide it! (You got The Right One, baby!) You got The Right One, baby! [Forte - 2nd Verse] Well it ain't nothing but a word The noise I heard, could make a crew wanna shoot up every party and slide Like I'm supposed to show you love to try to get inside Club promoters 'fessin' with their little guest lists Sleek, I'm twenty deep All brothers in fact, now the line start with me, and it ends in the back You don't love me, I know you like the record!!! Don't touch me!!! Niggas stay wack, like crack, in the dutchee So why try me? Swift, I sure do be You get touched more than frisked by club security Lovely, what it look like?  My sons run stuff Every time I touch a mic you wanna, "Throw Guns Up!" Hard to follow Here to swipe the next man's dollar Crimes, white collar Underground, like Kabala You know the effort, all you do is make a record You silly, like Milli's, we spray the milliseconds! What?! [Forte'] Dirty Cash, baby! [Prakazrel "Pras"] Check it, Check it! I got The Right One the only one Allstars, ichi bang (Japanese for #1 Rap Song) Niggas running up saying, "Pras, put me on!" Hear my song Sing along Pass it on Capitan And Dirty Cash, 'til November we'll be gone! Bust it! [Forte' & Jeni - Singing] Ain't no moonshine last that long! [Forte] Around Mr. John I hater mackin' you Rappers do like stone On the don You embarass me, more than chaperones at the prom You rappers in the stall, is a ball, be gone! You ain't never knew the truth, so don't get me wrong! You know how we do, spot it, then I spit it, and lock it! El Capitan, you want it? I got it! [Jeni Singing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ Jeni Fujita, 20 Grand, Baracus 	St. Nikolas, Casino Red & El Harim Album: Poly Sci Song: Madina Passage Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Forte' - Speaking] The Madina Passage... Brooks Federation... John Forte', Jeni Fujita... [Jeni Fujita - Singing Chorus] This town is too small for all y'all Where the streets are meaner This one's for everybody! This one's for everybody! [Forte] Pikasoe meets Baracus! [20 Grand Pikasoe - Verse One] This world is messed up So I lay back, and smoke a yeshca (?) 'Til it burn my chest up, I'm stressed up From my toes, to my neck up It's all out, I seen niggas cook up In a small house, with the dogs out I know all about it, drugs, money, sex, even where the whores are routed Nothing's too small to doubt it The wolves feed upon us, so we walk the streets with honor Looking for heat that launches six shots and eat you harder [Baracus] We want acres of land, so we can plant our own weed crops 52 states, we want green gaze and tree spots We want the better life, the mo' better cheddar life I was a young thug when my momma threw me out Starvin' on the streets, the gods putting food in my mouth Taught me how to read and count Cook up coke, cut up dope and how to bag an ounce Me and my family coming to rob America blind, thugging since '89! [Jeni Singing Chorus - 1x] [Forte' - Verse Two] Yours truly, El Capitan... I don't small talk, y'all all walk We turn half them cats up into dodgers, like the ballpark Five-O drop charges, apply pressure the hardest, more than Japanese massages You need us, to roll mo' Cruise to homogenus You didn't list where you from, we Madinas You niggas speak on dough with no conception of what green is Momma Sheena's how homes get bought, vis-a-vis the Dow Jones Y'all rappers stuck on cow clones, like two tones We'll never match boss, at the cost, I'll fuck around and rip the patch off! My bitch's god-sent, my yacht-men, bigup to cassette At every soundset, I iron butts off, leaving the ground wet Y'all walking like you safe, you ain't outta town yet! It's for the inner-city block sitters, the glock spitters Niggas who used to pop - locks, and cops that wanna rock wit' us You wanna hear this like you dumb guys?  Yo, hi! Most niggas is students to this, we alumni's! [Jeni Singing Chorus - 1x] [Forte' ] Nikki gunz, meets Casino Red.... [St. Nikolas - Verse Three] Murderous, Brooklyn burglars, black rosary Known for making scott flees out of black hosery Do dirt, pull it over my face so you don't notice me Black Jesus, rockin' black cheeses Nikki Bonadon, grown scorpion Travel on, trying to go platinum, in Brook-lawn! Shook ones, can't hold guns, better hold your tongue And grab a hang of this hear, out for the C.R.E.A.M. this year So light your clip, filled with rose hips to smoke it! [Casino Red] On Madina streets, Casino Red, Casino The Dread Roc-A-Feds of Brook-Lawn Crooks run out of the dead, bloodshed Bloody red rags and dog tags, automags flossed by cats In this game, put shine up for grabs I'm talking showtime, Madenic rhyme, high-crime rates escalate So play for high stakes, chasin' money and guns it must be my fate So keep the ones where they're safe! [Jeni Singing Chorus - 1x] [Forte'] El Harim, daddy goes.... [El Harim - Verse Four] Disobeying all stops, word to my pops Do dirt and blame it on cops Red dot, aiming on cops Throw a drop, with the beast eight Release eight They hang the traitor body at the east gate I'm now a legitimate suspect Studying e-straight He can't breathe proper, cuz he eat steak Shit can fuckin'-fuckin' blow a beast 'way Man rolls, come to blow up east state My voice, echo through the valley The tec flow, through the valley Boom and bam...Hear my voice echo through the valley! Rose raise dead, from New York to Cali. I know you never heard-a--undefined priest capable of murder Whodini stylesque, escape a murder Got twice on the cross, now I rock ice on the cross Escape the death plot, it wasn't Christ on the cross! [Jeni Singing Chorus - 2 1/2 x & Fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte' f/ Jeni Fujita & 20 Grand Pikasoe Album: Poly Sci Song: Poly Sci Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Forte' - Speaking] Political science... The study of politics, mixed with science... Speak on it, baby... [Jeni Fujita - Singing Chorus] As I look in your eyes I see the sunrise I see the moonshine! [20 Grand Pikasoe - 1st Verse] I'm from the days of the Colt 45's and gang bangers Cocaine slangers who sliced doors, no time to cook up Them niggas like raw It's all about the dollar now, white powder now He owed us money so I watched my niggas tie him down The conflict is crucial, police is neutral in this battlefield Where the battles grill, like cattles grill for a platter mil I even watched little Darryl deal I love the ghetto, hate the ghetto Must've been a genius who helped make the ghetto So I sit back and taste the 'retto I got beef, how can you misplace my metal? It's a sob story, it's bad the way they robbed Tory Of course, must've been religious 'Cause they took a small tainin' across Wrong game to play, boss Every night's a bug out They shot up every corner where I hung out Some nights I cry to this Even though it's posi-flip (?) [Jeni Fujita - Singing chorus] It's like the sunrise Just like the moonshine! The rain stops, and your girl smiles...just for you (Yeah) For you don't know, the love I have for you! [Forte' - 2nd Verse] Mommy, I keep my name on your brain like Missy With The Rain, I'm from the school of stolen sneakers Speakers and heavy chains, no lie To the knowlie, why? God see I , learned the ways of the street, degrees in Poly Sci Many days under heat It pays for sticking him Watch him beast on the lean, routine curriculum Black vans, maybe a TransAm, exams get done Pop Quiz, figure out them niggas who hit son God give, God take away And it's easy to see Spell 'til, the lord kill indiscriminately We infinitely excel, keep the fans compelled The bigger picture, watch the ones who're wit' ya I clean the pie, and seen 'em die Travel life more than once Maybe, me and I...had been greeted by, so many conceded eyes That'd be wise, when I met too many girls around the world And delete the lies [Jeni Fujita - Singing Chorus] It's like my music, a new tune you never heard Hear, your heart beat The bass hits! And you feel it It's real it's not a sample! I saw you playing my piano! Unh-Huh! [Forte - 3rd Verse] Now I, rock jew-els now and then A little lights - n - platinum A little beef on the street, no harm in clappin' them Savage nations, ghetto life no ramifications Dead debating, keeping every crackhead basing My auntie steady saying that we wasting, money I like tasting, the finer things in life, like a mason Police, plague - hatin' Everything that the court own Brownsville would pry, classified as a warzone The Brook god, so trife Originale low-life To sport it, boost it, the ghetto can't afford it Trade it, sort it, stress, new port it No tags never ordered You broke it, you bought it A twenty five - to life, my little son-son caught it 'Til this day, we admit it, that we did it, he 'gon bid it Kept his mouth shut, and never shitted On who his murder flirted with death Like every team, aiight! You know the verdict! [Forte - Speaking] Want me to say it one more time Ma, is that what you want?... [Jeni Singing] Say one more time! [Forte - Continues] For every city blocker, glock rocker Cats who get they weight off, for every kid who had a parent laid off No healthcare, had us co-dependents out on welfare Speak amongst yourself, 'cause in the streets, no one else care The powers that be, I see you knelt there Them jealous cats who slang crack, I'm glad to send you back,  'cause you dealt there  We all wanna shine for basis, 'til we easy LG for GP, only the realest niggas meet me Conversing through the wee-wee hours of the morning, sleepy Always stay alert, 'cause the pain hurt too deeply Ain't nothing changed, I'm stuck on myself 'Cause you mundane You wonder while you're just gold? You're stuck on one plain Now we must hold, very fueled make it through the threshold I'm blessed though, the head distincts before I let go A major death toll It's all about the babies, fuck the best coast I keep my family eating, 'til I'm done breathing [Jeni Fujita - Singing Chorus] Hear, your heart beat! (Forte' - You heard?! .....Nutzbaby] The bass hits, and you feel it It's real, it's not a sample! I saw you playing my piano! Unh- Huh! All you had to do, was make a record! Yeah All you had to do, was make a record! Say one more time! All I want to do, is hold you! Forever, Forever and ever, if you need to lean on me! Don't run, I'm here for you,  Just like the sunrise! Just like the moonshine! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: John Forte f/ Butter & Jeni Fujita Album: Poly Sci Song: Flash the Message Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Jeni Fujita] Flash The Message... [Forte' - Verse 1]  Yo...You make me wanna vomit Yo, pay homage and dos-e-doe my sonnets I school y'all niggas slow on socios and economics You mostly know about the dough from airplay You only know about the heaters, from the shit that we spray Import from Vietnam cats, like my man Phillipe' (?) Bustin' crimes back(?) I label it, permanent sleep stay(?) Y'all cronies souped up My men ain't near dumb, we grew up You want your hair done? Hey, FUCK around and get your crew cut I organize the mental And live my life as the next essential Speak on this wild shit, as If I could begin to Who fall quick? Too many niggas fightin' over small shit You'll find me flippin' stocks, on boats that never dock I travel blocks, pick the best man  Bust shots at the yes man, 'cause it was destined  for me to flip investments Bag a lie, in the basement of the Best Western And if you don't want the consequence, then don't ask the question! [(Butter - Singing) Jeni Fujita in parentheses] - Chorus In Ninety Nine Some blow nines and some stayed indoors! (Flash The Message, something's out there!) Ninety Nine, is the time When the deaf, dumb and blind All catch war! (Flash The Message, something's out there!) [Forte' - Verse 2] It's like... Me and my crew And a little tour show  Learned to flip the dough With the money we've got In Ninety Nine, more war, more crime Some'll stay behind doors, and some blow nines Your conception is annoying Leave the things we was born in The street nights, and hope we see the following morning Niggas sold soul, for gold ropes Do crimes, for new shines Poor beer out on the spot, where police drew lines Hey yo word, we thirty plus Wear guns thats dirty (?) bust (?) Ask your men pa, you should've been more (What?)...courteous Like my rain drop And all my li'l niggas rockin' tank tops And sell arms, like government bonds, in Bangkok Bank stops on lavish trips Soils I marry with, a dime piece! A (?)rester oil(?) who speaks in Arabic If the karat fit, wear it Every man I know hold Moreso, y'all niggas happy when you barely go gold! [Chorus 1x] [Forte' - Verse 3] This time it's personal... You like the artistry Rappers just reuse their first cut They say the same shit forever,  and the use the word, so They ain't competing, they knew they was beatin', from the jump You get FUCKED! Grammatically speaking... You funny man Catch me on tour, A town near you With 20 Grand (Pikasoe), man it's etiquette Snatch your mouth off, for rhetoric I hold the greets from the street Yet subtle for lockin' shit Majored in Poly Sci, with a double doctorate! [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn HIll Song: Lost Ones Typed by: Illuminary@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) [Lauryn rapping - First Verse] It's funny how money change a situation Miscommunication leads to complication My emancipation don't fit your equation I was on the humble--You on every station Some wan' play young Lauryn like she dumb But remember not a game new under the sun Everything you did has already been done I know all the tricks from Bricks to Kingston My ting done made your kingdom wan' run Now understand "L-Boogie's" non-violent But if a thing test me, run for mi gun Can't take a threat to mi new born son L's been this way since creation A groupie call, you fall from temptation Now you wanna ball over separation Tarnish my image in your conversation Who you gon' scrimmage, like you the champion? You might win some but you just lost one You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! [Lauryn rapping - Verse Two] Now, now how come your talk turn cold? Gain the whole world for the price of your soul Tryin to grab hold of what you can't control Now you all floss, what a sight to behold Wisdom is better than silver and gold I was hopeless, now I'm more hopeful Every man wanna act like he's exempt Need to get down on his knees and repent Can't slick talk on the day of judgment Your movement's similar to a serpent Tried to play straight, how your whole style bent? Consequence is no coincidence Hypocrites always wanna play innocent Always want to take it to the full out extent Always want to make it seem like good intent Never want to face it when it time for punishment I know you don't wanna hear my opinion But there come many paths and you must choose one And if you don't change then the rain soon come See you might win some, but you just lost one You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! (Lauryn-Singing) You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from what you done done? It's so silly how come? You just lost one [Lauryn rapping - Verse Three] Now don't you understand man universal law? What you throw out comes back to you, star Never underestimate those who you scar Cause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard! You can't hold God's people back that long The chain of Shatan wasn't made that strong Trying to pretend like your word is your bond But until you do right, all you do will go wrong Now some might mistake this for just a simple song And some don't know what they have 'til it's gone Now even when you're gone you can still be reborn And, from the night can arrive the sweet dawn Now, some might listen and some might shun And some may think that they've reached perfection If you look closely you'll see what you've become Cause you might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! You might win some but you just lost one! You might win some but you just lost one!! (Lauryn Singing) You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from what you done done? it's so silly how come? You might win some, but you really lost one You just lost one, it's so silly how come? When it's all done, did you really gain from what you done done? it's so silly how come? You just lost one... (Repeat 8x) What a bum-bum!... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Ex-Factor Typed by: DeMoNiKus@aol.com (from liner notes) [Lauryn - Singing - Verse One] It could all be so simple But you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle And we both end up with scars Tell me, who I have to be To get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me And no one ever will Is this just a silly game That forces you to act this way? Forces you to scream my name Then pretend that you can't stay Tell me, who I have to be To get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me And no one ever will [Hook] No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin', It ain't workin' (No, it ain't workin') And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy (This is crazy, uh-huh!) [Verse Two] I keep letting you back in How can I explain myself? As painful as this thing has been I just can't be with no one else See I know what we've got to do You let go, and I'll let go too 'Cause no one's hurt me more than you And no one ever will [Hook] No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin', It ain't workin' (It ain't workin' !) And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy Care for me, care for me! I know you care for me! There for me, there for me! Said you'd be there for me! Cry for me, cry for me! You said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me! Why won't you live for me?! (Repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ Carlos Santana Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: To Zion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) One day, you'll understand... Zion Unsure of what the balance held I touched my belly overwhelmed by what I had been chosen to perform But then an angel came one day Told me to kneel down and pray for unto me a man-child would be born Woe this crazy circumstance I knew his life deserved a chance but everybody told me to be smart "Look at your career," they said, "Lauryn baby use your head." But instead I chose to use my heart Now the joy... of my world... is in Zion! (Zion, Zion!) Now the joy... of my world... is in Zion! (Zion, uhh, Zion!) How beautiful if nothing more than to wait at Zion's door I've never been in love like this before Now let me pray to keep you from the perils that will surely come See life for you my Prince has just begun And I thank you for choosing me to come through unto life to be A beautiful reflection of His grace See I know that a gift so great is only one God could create And I'm reminded every time I see your face that the joy... (JOY) of my world... (WORLD) is in Zion! (IS IN ZION) I said Zion! (IS IN ZION) Now the joy... (JOY) of my world... (WORLD) is in Zion! (IS IN ZION, IS IN ZION) Now the joy... Zion! (JOY) of my world... (WORLD) is in Zion! (IS IN ZION, IS IN ZION) Now the joy... Zion! (JOY) of my world... (WORLD) is in Zion! (IS IN ZION, IS IN ZION) Marching (marching) marching (marching) to Zion (marching) marching (marching) -- we gon' march Marching (marching) marching (marching) to Zion (marching), beautiful beautiful Zion! Marching (marching) marching (marching) to Zion (marching) marching (marching) Marching (marching) marching (marching) to Zion (marching), beautiful beautiful Zion! Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- MY JOY, MY JOY to Zion (marching) marching (marching) -- MY JOY, MY JOY Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- MY JOY, MY JOY to Zion (marching), beautiful beautiful Zion! -- MY JOY, MY JOY Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- MY JOY, MY JOY to Zion (marching) marching (marching) -- MY JOY, MY JOY Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- NOW THE JOY to Zion (marching), beautiful beautiful Zion! -- OF MY LIFE Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- IS ZION to Zion (marching) marching (marching) Marching (marching) marching (marching) -- NOW THE JOY to Zion (marching), beautiful beautiful Zion! -- OF MY LIFE Beautiful beautiful Zion! -- IS ZION Beautiful beautiful Zion! -- IS ZION Beautiful beautiful Zion! Beautiful beautiful Zion! Beautiful beautiful Zion! Beautiful beautiful Zion! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill Song: Doo Wop (That Thing) Typed by: TysonCHAMP@aol.com [Lauryn - Singing Chorus] Girls you know you'd- better, watch out (Watch out!) Some guys, some guys are only about (About!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) Throw your hands in the air! Admit two shots in the atmosphere! [Verse One - Lauryn] It's been three weeks since you were looking for your friend The one you let hit it and never called you again Remember when he told you he was about the benjamins? You act like you ain't here him, but gave him a little trim To begin, how you think you're really going to pretend Like you wasn't down and you called him again? Plus when, you give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him If you did it then, then you'd probably do it again Talking out your neck, saying you're a Christian A Muslim, sleeping with the Gin Now that was the sin that did Jezebel in Who're you going to tell when the repercussions spin? Showing off your ass because your thinking it's a trend Girlfriend, let me break it down for you again! You know I only say it because i'm truly genuine Don't be a hard rock, when you really are a gem Baby girl! Respect is just the minimum Nigga's creepin' and you still defending him Now -- Lauryn is only human Don't think I haven't been through the same predicament Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly been It's silly when girls sell their souls because it's in Look at what you be in, hair weaves like Europeans  Fake nails up out Koreans  Come again Yo! A-When when come again! (Yeah-Yeah!) When when come again!! (Yeah-Yeah!) My friend come again!!! (Yeah-Yeah!) [Chorus - Lauryn] Guys you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!) Some girls, some girls are only, about (About!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) [Verse Two - Lauryn] The second verse is dedicated to the men More concerned with his rims and his Tim's than his women Him and his men, come in the club like houligans Don't care who they offend  Popping game (Like you got yen!)  Let's stop pretend, the ones that pack pistol by they waist men Cristal by the case men, still living in his Mother's basement The pretty face men claiming that they be the "big men" Need to take care of their three and four kids But they face a court case when the child support's late Money taking and heart breaking Now you wonder why women hate men The sleepy silent men The punk domestic violence men Quick to shoot the scene, stop acting like boys and be men! How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?! How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?! How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?! Unh-Unhh Come Again! Bro-Straight come again! Sit straight come again! Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out Watch out, watch out Look out, look out [Lauryn - Singing Chorus] Girls you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!) Some guys, some guys are only about (About!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) Guys you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!) Some girls, some girls are only, about (About!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Superstar Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) Yo hip-hop, started out in the heart Uh-huh, yo Now everybody tryin to chart Say what? Hip-Hop, started out in the heart Yo, now everybody tryin to chart C'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon, uhh C'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon now baby c'mon [singing] C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire How come we ain't gettin no higher? Now tell me your philosophy on exactly what an artist should be Should they be someone with prosperity and no concept of reality? Now, who you know without any flaws? That lives above the spiritual laws? And does anything they feel just because there's always someone there who'll applaud? C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire How come we ain't gettin no higher? I know you think that you've got it all And by making other people feel small makes you think you're unable to fall But when you do, who you gonna call? See what you give is just what you get I know it hasn't hit you yet! Now I don't mean to get you upset But every cause has an effect! Uh-huh! C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire So how come we ain't gettin no higher? [rapping] I cross sands in distant lands, made plans with the sheiks Why you beef with freaks as my album sales peak? Uhh All I wanted was to sell like five hundred and be a Ghetto Supastar since my first album _Blunted_ I used to work at Foot Locker, they fired me and fronted or I quitted, now I spit it -- however do you want it! Now you get it, writing rhymes, in the Range, with the frames lightly tinted, then send it to your blcok to have my full name cemented (Lauryn Hill!) And if your lines sound like mine I'm taking a percentage (ka-ching!) Unprecedented, and still respected when it's finished, I'm serious, I'm takin over areas in Aquarius Runnin red lights with my ten thousand chariots Just as Christ was a Superstar, you stupid, Star They hail you then nail you, no matter who you are They'll make you now then take you down, and make you face it If you slit the bag open, put your pinky in it and taste it C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire So how come we ain't gettin no higher? C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire So how come we ain't gettin no higher? C'mon baby light my fire Everything you drop is so tired Music is supposed to inspire So how come we ain't gettin no higher? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Final Hour Typed by: Illuminary@aol.com (from liner notes) [Lauryn - Rapping - Verse One] I treat this like my thesis Well-written topic, broken down into pieces I introduce then produce Words so profuse it's abuse how I juice up this beat Like I'm deuce, two people both equal Like I'm Gemini, rather Simeon If I Jimmy on this lock I could pop it You can't stop it, drop it Your whole crew's microscopic Like particles while I make international articles And on the cover Don't discuss the baby mother business I been in this third LP you can't tell me, I witness First handed I'm candid You can't stand it, respect demanded And get flown around the planet Rock Hard like granite or steel People feel Lauryn Hill from New-Ark to Israel And this is real, so I keep makin' the street's ballads While you lookin' for dressin' to go with your tossed salad [Chorus - 2x] You can get the money! You can get the power! But keep your eyes on the Final Hour! [Verse Two] I'm about to change the focus from the richest to the brokest I wrote this opus, to reverse the hypnosis Whoever's closest to the line's gonna win it You gonna fall trying to ball While my team win the pennant I'm about to begin it For a minute, then run for senate Make a slum lord be the tenant give his money to kids to spend it And then amend it, every law that ever prevented Our survival since our arrival Documented in The Bible, like Moses and Aaron Things gon' change, it's apparent And all the transparent gonna Be seen through, let God redeem you Keep your deen true You can get the green too Watch out what you cling to Observe how a queen do  And I remain calm reading the 73 Psalm 'Cause with all this going on I got the world in my palm [Chorus - 2x] You can get the money! You can get the power! But keep your eyes on the Final Hour! [Verse Three] Now I be breaking bread sipping Manichevitz wine Pay no mind party like it's 1999 But when it comes down to ground beef like Palestine Say your rhymes, let's see if that get you out your bind Now I'm a get the mozzarella like a Rockerfeller Still be in the church of Lalibela, singing hymns a cappella Whether posed in Maribella in Couture Or collecting residuals from off The Score I'm making sure I'm with the 144 I've been here before this ain't a battle, this is war Word to Boonie I makes a lot like a Sunni Get diplomatic immunity in every ghetto community Had opportunity went from Hoodshock to Hood-chic But it ain't what you cop, it's about what you keep And even if there are leaks, you can't capsize this ship Cause I baptize my lips every time I take a sip (Every time i take sips!) [Chorus - 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: When it Hurts So Bad Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) I loved real, real hard once But the love wasn't returned Found out the man I'd die for He wasn't even concerned I tried, and I tried, and I tried to keep him in my life (to keep him in my life) I cried, and I cried, and I cried but I couldn't make it right But I, I loved the young man And if you ever been in love then you'd understand That what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it (if you don't catch it) (if you don't catch it) And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be If you just let it (if you just let it) If you just let it (if you just let it) See, I thought this feeling it was all that I had But how could this be love and make me feel so bad? (gave up my power) Gave up my power I existed for you But who-ever knew the voo-doo you'd do But I, I loved the young man And if you ever been in love then you'd understand What you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it (if you don't, you don't) (if you don't, you don't) And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be If you just let it (if you don't, you don't) If you just let it (if you don't, you don't) See what you want might make you cry What you need might pass you by If you don't catch it (if you don't, you don't) (if you don't, you don't) And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be If you just let it If you just let it When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) Why's it feel so good? (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) When it hurts so bad (when it hurts so bad) So bad (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) (when it hurts so bad) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: I Used To Love Him (from liner notes) Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com As I look at what I've done The type of life that I've lived How many things I pray the father will forgive One situation involved a young man He was the ocean and I was the sand He stole my heart like a thief in the night Dulled my senses blurred my sight I used to love him but now I don't I used to love him but now I don't I chose a road of passion and pain Sacrificed too much and waited in vain Gave up my power ceased being queen Addicted to love like the drug of a fiend Torn and confused wasted and used Reached the crossroad which path would I choose Stuck and frustrated I waited, debated For something to happen that just wasn't fated Thought what I wanted was something I needed When momma said no I just should have heeded Misled I bled till the poison was gone And out of the darkness arrived the sweet dawn I used to love him but now I don't I used to love him but now I don't Father you saved me and showed me that life Was much more than being some foolish man's wife Showed me that love was respect and devotion Greater than planets deeper than oceans My soul was weary but now it's replenished Content because that part of my life is finished I see him sometimes and the look in his eye Is one of a man who's lost treasures untold But my heart is gold I took back my soul And totally let my creator control The life which was his to begin with I used to love him but now I don't [Repeat to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ Shelly Thunder Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Forgive Them Father Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) [Shelly Thunder] Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us Although them again we will never never never trust Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Them not know what them do Big out to yi while I'm stickin like glue Fling, skin, grin while them plotting for you, true! [singing] Forgive them father for they know not what they do (Me nah tellin them no more) Forgive them father for they know not what they do (Be real, them not a clue!) Beware the false motives of others Be careful of those who pretend to be brothers And you never suppose it's those who are closest to you To you They say all the right things, to gain their position Then use your kindness as their ammunition to shoot you down in the name of amibition, they do Ohhh Forgive them father for they know not what they do Forgive them father for they know not what they do [rapping] Why every Indian wanna be the chief? Feed a man 'til he full and he still want beef Give me grief, try to tief off my piece Why for you to increase, I must decrease? If I treat you kindly, does it mean that I'm weak? You hear me speak and think I won't take it to the streets I know enough cats that don't turn the other cheek But I try to keep it civilized like Menelik and other African czars, observing stars with war scars Get yours in this capitalistic system So many caught or got bought you can't list them How you gonna idolize the missing? To survive is to stay alive in the face of opposition even when they comin, gunnin I stand position L's known the mission since conception Let's free the people from deception If you looking for the answers then you gotta ask the questions And when I let go, my voice echoes through the ghetto Sick of men trying to pull strings like Geppetto Why black people always be the ones to settle? March through these streets like Soweto, uhh [singing] Like Cain and Abel, Caesar and Brutus Jesus and Judus, backstabbers do this Forgive them father for they know not what they do Forgive them father for they know not what they do It took me a little while to discover Wolves in sheep coats who pretend to be lovers Men who lack conscience will even lie to themselves, to themselves A friend once said, and I found to be true that everyday people, they lie to God too So what makes you think, that they won't lie to you? Forgive them father for they know not what they do (Forgive dem, forgive dem) Forgive them father for they know not what they do (Forgive dem, forgive dem) [Shelly Thunder] Gwan like dem love while dem rip you to shreds Trample pon yuh heart and lef yuh fi dead Dem a-yuh friend who yuh depen pon from way back when but if you, gi dem yuh back dem yuh mus meet yuh end Dem not know what dem do do Dem not know what dem do do Dem not know, dem not know, dem not know, dem not know Dem not know what dem do do (Forgive them father, forgive them father...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ Carlos Santana Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Every Ghetto, Every City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) I was just a little girl Skinny legs, a press and curl My mother always thought I'd be a star But way before the record deals Streets that nurtured Lauryn Hill made sure that I'd never go too far Every ghetto, every city and suburban place I been Make me recall my days, in New Jerusalem Story starts in Hootaville Grew up next to Ivy Hill When kids were stealing quartervilles for fun "Kill the Guy" in Carter Park Rode a Mongoose til it's dark Watching kids show off the stolen ones Every ghetto, every city and suburban place I been Make me recall my days, in the New Jerusalem You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Bag of Bontons, twenty cents and a nickel (well that's a quarter) Springfield Ave. had the best popsicles Saturday morning cartoons and Kung-Fu (wuh-TAH!) Main street roots tonic with the dreds A beef patty and some coco bread Move the patch from my Lee's to the tongue of my shoes 'Member, FreLng-Huysen used to have the bomb leather Back when Doug Fresh and Slick Rick was together Looking at the crew, we thought we'd all live forever You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Drill teams on Munn street 'Member when Hawthorne and Chancellor had beef Moving Records was on Central Ave. I was there at dancing school South Orange Ave. at Borlin pool Unaware of what we didn't have Writing my friends' names on my jeans with a marker July 4th races outside Parker Fireworks at Martin Stadium The Untouchable P.S.P. where all them crazy nig-gaz be And car thieves got away through Irvington Hillside brings beef with the cops Self Destruction record drops And everybody's name was Muslim (children playing, women producing) Sensations and eighty-eight attracted kids from out of state And everybody used to do the wop (wop it out, wop it out, wop it out) Jack ya jack ya jack ya body Nah, the BizMark used to amp up the party I wish those days, they didn't stop Every ghetto, every city and suburban place I been Make me recall my days, in New Jerusalem You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back You know it's hot Don't forget, what you got Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back Lookin back.. lookin back, lookin back, lookin back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ D'Angelo Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Nothing Even Matters Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes) [Lauryn] Now the skies could fall Not even if my boss should call The world it seems so very small Cause nothing even matters, at all See nothing even matters See nothing even matters at all Nothing even matters Nothing even matters at all [D'Angelo] See I don't need no alcohol Your love makes me feel ten feet tall Without it I'd go through withdrawal Cause nothing even matters, at all Nothing even matters Nothing even matters at all Nothing even matters No-thing matters at all [Lauryn] These buildings could drift out to sea Some natural catastrophe Still there's no place I'd rather be Cause nothing even matters to me See nothing even matters See nothing even matters to meee Nothing even matters Nothing even matters to me [D'Angelo] You're part of my identity I sometimes have a tendency to look at you religiously Cause nothing even matters, to me Nothing even matters Nothing even mat-ters Said it don't matter, baby baby Don't matter [Lauryn] Now you won't find me at no store I have no time for manicures With you it's never either or Cause nothing even matters, no more See nothing it don't matter See nothing even mahhh-ahhhters no more Nothing even mahh-ters Nothing even matters no more [D'Angelo] Now my team could score and make it to the Final Four Just repossessed my four by four Cause nothing even matters, no more Nothing even matters Nothing even matters no more Nothing even matters No no more [Lauryn] To me, to me, to me, to me To me, to me, to me, to me to me to me (freestyle singing to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Everything is Everything Typed by: TysonCHAMP@aol.com [Lauryn singing - Chorus] Everything Is Everything What is meant to be, will be After winter, must come spring Change, it comes eventually (2x) [Singing - Verse One] I wrote these words for everyone who struggles in their youth Who won't accept deception, in--instead of what is truth It seems we lose the game Before we even start to play Who made these rules? (Who made these rules?) We're so confused (We're so confused) Easily led astray Let me tell ya that... Everything Is Everything Everything Is Everything After winter, must come spring Everything Is Everything [Rapping - Verse Two] I philosophy Possibly speak tongues Beat drum, Abyssinian, street Baptist Rap this in fine linen, from the beginning My practice extending across the atlas I begat this Flipping in the ghetto on a dirty mattress You can't match this rapper slash actress More powerful than two Cleopatras Bomb graffiti on the tomb of Nefertiti MCs ain't ready to take it to the Serengeti My rhymes is heavy like the mind of sister Betty (Betty Shabazz!) L-Boogie spars with stars and constellations Then came down for a little conversation Adjacent to the king, fear no human being Roll with cherubims to Nassau Coliseum Now hear this mixture, where Hip Hop meets scripture Develop a negative into a positive picture Now Everything Is Everything What is meant to be, will be After winter, must come spring Change, it comes eventually [Lauryn Singing - Verse Three] Sometimes it seems We'll touch that dream But things come slow or not at all And the ones on top, won't make it stop So convinced that they might fall Let's love ourselves and we can't fail To make a better situation Tomorrow, our seeds will grow All we need is dedication  Let me tell ya that... Everything Is Everything Everything Is Everything After winter, must come spring Everything Is Everything Everything Is Everything What is meant to be, will be After winter, must come spring Change, it comes eventually The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Typed by: Illuminary@aol.com [Lauryn - Singing] My world it moves so fast today The past it seems so far away And life squeezes so tight that I can't breathe And every time I try to be, what someone else has thought of me So caught up, I wasn't able to achieve But deep in my heart, the answer it was in me And I made up my mind to define my own destiny I look at my environment And wonder where the fire went What happened to everything we used to be I hear so many cry for help Searching outside of themselves Now I know his strength is within me And deep in my heart, the answer it was in me And I made up my mind to define my own destiny And deep in my heart... And deep in my heart, the answer it was in me And I made up my mind to define my own destiny The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Can't Take My Eyes Off You (bonus track) Typed by: ker987girl@yahoo.com [CHORUS 1] You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch. I wanna hold you so much. At long last love has  arrived. And I thank God I'm alive. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of yoy. Pardon the way that I stare. There's nothing  else to compare. The sight of you leaves me  weak. There are no words left to speak. But if you feel like I feel. Please let me know that it's real. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. [CHORUS 2] I need you baby, and if it's quite all right, I need you baby to warm a lonely night. I love you baby. Trust in me when I say: Oh pretty  baby, don't bring me down I pray. Oh pretty baby, now that I found you, stay. And let me  love you, oh baby let me love you, oh baby.... Repeat Chorus 1 [To fade] I need you baby, and if it's quite all right, I need you baby to warm a lonely night. I love you baby. Trust in me when I say: Oh pretty baby, don't bring me down I pray. Oh pretty baby, now that I found you, stay. And let me  love you, oh baby let me love you, oh baby.... I need you baby, and if it's quite all right, I need you baby to warm a lonely night. I love you baby. Trust in me when I say: Oh pretty baby, don't bring me down I pray. Oh pretty baby, now that I found you, stay. And let me  love you, oh baby let me love you, oh baby.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill Song: Tell Him Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com *Talking* Yo heh heh tell him it's like uhh you know uhh *Singing* Sweet sweet tell him Let me be patient let me be kind Make me unselfish without being blind Though I may suffer I'll envy it not And endure what comes Cause he's all that I got and tell him... Chorus Tell him I need him [yeah] Tell him I love him [tell him] And it'll be alright *Background singing* Telll himmm be alright be alright Tell him tell him I need him Tell him I love him It'll be alright Now I may have faith to make mountains fall But if I lack love then I am nothin' at all I can give away everything I possess But left without love then I have no happiness I know I'm imperfect [I know I'm imperfect] & not without sin [& not without sin] But now that I'm older all childish things end and tell him... Chorus Bridge I'll never be jealous And I won't be too kind Cause love is not boastful Oooh and loveis not loud Tell him I need him Tell him I love him Everything's gonna be alright [w/ adlibs] Oooh oooh yeah yeah aww yeah Now I may have wisdom and knowledge on Earth But if I speak wrong then what is it worth? See what we now know is nothing compared to the love that was shown when our lives were spared and tell him... Chorus w/ adlibs til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: Mr. Intentional Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com Yeah, yeaaayh, yeah heh, yeah heh, yeah heh... See the road to hell, is paved with good intentions Can't you tell, the way they have to mention Have they helped you out, you're such a hopeless victim Please don't do me any favors, Mr. Intentional All their talk, (?) to perfection The road they walk, commanding your affection They need to be needed, deceived by motivation An opportunity, to further situation Why they so important, is without explanation Please don't patrionize me, Mr. Intentional Oh, ohhh, ohh ohhh We give rise to ego, by being insecure The advice that we go, desperatly searching for The subconscious effort, to support our paramour To engage in denial, to admit we're immature Validating lies, Mr. Intentional Open up yours eyes, Mr. Intentional Stuck in a system, that seeks to suck your blood Held emotionally hostage, by what everybody does Counting all the money, that you give them just because Exploiting ignorance, in the name of love Stop before you drop because that's just the way it was Please don't justify me, Mr. Intentional Oh undementional, Mr. Intentional Ohhh, oh don't you do me any favors Ohhh, ohhhh, ohh ohhhh Wake up you've been sleeping Take up your bed and walk Stop blaming other people Oh it's nobody else's fault Except the truth about you You know that life goes on without you And your expensive misinventions Disguising your intentions Don't worship my hurt feelings, Mr. Intentional Oh, oh oh oh See I know you can't help me, Mr. Intentional The only help I need to live, is unprofessional The only wealth I have to give, is not material And if you need much more than that, I'm not available Please don't entertain me, Mr. Intentional Oh I dont need your sympthy, Mr. Intentional Stay away from me, Mr. Intentional So undementional, Mr. Promotional, Mr. Emotional, Mr. Intentional Ohhh ohhhh, ohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged Song: Adam Lives in Theory Typed by: twrudolph83@yahoo.com.tw * * send corrections to the typist Adam lives in theory Trying to turn stone into bread Masquerading like he got it figured out  Cut off from the sunshine, only smart in his own head Leaving his descendants to hope and doubt Left to his devices, those worth the sacrifices Praying to the alter of himself Making pilgrimages, thinking he's religious Like he's got all the light, and no one else He takes the unsuspected Cuz he knows they're not connected And he shows them how to be just as he is Virtually real, and commercially appealed To the lust of all the people where he lives Eve was so naive, blinded by the pride and greed Wanting to be intellectual Drifting from the way she got turned down one day And now she thinks that she's bisexual Caught up in emotion Burning up in her devotion To the king of exploitaion in the field She handed him her virtue Cuz he told her "I won't hurt you" So she lay with him to see how good it feels Now can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now Now can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now Now after the sensation, and the empty fornication She brought affection home into her bed, quickly multiplying Now the 3 of them are dieing by the poison she perceived to be good head Now Eve and her husband are perverted in their judgment Cuz everything appears to be the same They entertain suggestion, Next time just use protection Desiring to cover up their shame But much to their demise, poor decision closed their eyes To the very antidote to their dilemma Burning in their lust, Both of them were dealt to us Destroying the original agenda Praying to the sky, in order to maintain a lie They exhausted every possible conclusion, They can't even entertain the solution, In a brain filled with vain information and pollution Hiding from the truth, He provided an excuse to explain away his desperate situation When confronted, blamed his wife Giving birth to carnal life Refusing to acknowledge what he done Now if we can agree with who created us to be Who says we're guilty everyone before his eyes Making no exceptions, since the day of our conception Predisposed to hating truth, and loving lies Then can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now Then can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now Stop walking in pride, let the thief be crucified Un-learn everything you know, and let him teach you Line upon line, every step upon pre-step, say goodbye, To this decaying social system He wants to know, how far we're willing to go If we love him like we say we do, He will try us Just don't regress, Or slip into hopelessness Once he's satisfied his love, He won't deny us, And then he'll tell us, What, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now And then he'll tell us, What, what we gonna do now Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: Oh Jerusalem Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com Oh Jerusalem yeah, oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem... Realizing that there's no place else to go And there's nobody I know who can help me Text book solutions are so improbable Cuz everybody else is just as empty Naked as the day that I was born, I tried to hide ...behind education and philosophy Hopeless explanation to describe a situation I can't see because the world's on top of me Oh wretched man that I am, who will deliver me From the body of this death Freeing me from dust, and the superficial trust Of an enemy that seeks to take my breath Failing to connect, cuz I'm morally defect By reason of the God inside my head Causing me to see, only what pertains to me Believing I'm alive when I'm still dead Limited to earth, unable to find out my worth Cuz I... can't see past my own vanity If I'm not included, then I just have to remove it From my mind because it has to be in sanity Oh wretched man that I am, who will deliver me From the body of this death Can I even factor, that I've only been an actor In this staged interpretation of this day Focused on the shadow, with my back turned to the light Too intelligent to see it's me in the way What a paradox, having God trapped in a box All this time professing to be spiritual Naturally pretending, that I'm actually defending God (?) don't need material Oh Jerusalem, wash thy heart from wickedness That thou may be saved from thy deception How long, shall thy face those lies within thee Oh Jerusalem, keeping thee from perfection Submit to truth, leave the deception of thy youth So we could walk in the council of authority Forget the proof, our generation so aloof Only follow in the steps of the majority Trust in the Lord, with all thy heart And lay not to thine, oh an understanding in all thy ways Acknowledge Him, and He shall correct our paths Be (?) you can follow him We judge and condemn, just as ignorant as them Who religion tells us that we should ignore Perpetrating we're in covenant with Him Exposed by the very things that we adore We grin and shake hands, then lay ambush for the man Who has a different point of view then us Infuriated cuz he doesn't understand Bringing up those things we don't want to discuss Why still do evil, we don't know how to do good Walking on in darkness running from the light, ey Led to believe, because we live in neighborhoods Telling us what's going on will be alright Oh so repressed, so convinced that I was blessed When I played with my game of Monopoly Oh to suggest, that my life is still a mess Who reveal the pride I'm hiding is what's stopping me Oh Jerusalem, wash thy heart from wickedness That thou may be saved from thy deception How long, shall thy face those lies within thee Oh Jerusalem keeping them from perfection Abide in me and I in you, as the branch cannot bare ...fruit of itself except in the vine I am the vine, ye are the branches, He's in live in me And I in him, the same bring forth much fruit Without me, you can do nothing Oh Jerusalem, you're traditions have deceived you I've chosen you, you haven't chosen me Do whatsoever, you asking my name he may give to you But in vain they call my name teaching doctrines just the same Justified among themselves But God know with the heart, what man esteemed as smart Is an abomination to Emmanuel Just repent, turn from selfish motivation So iniquity will not cause your demise Make you a new heart and a new spirit ...for why would he die Oh Jerusalem, please tell me why I have no pleasure in the death of him to die Says the Lord God where forth turn yourselves and live It's not the talkers, but the walkers and his word Are the only ones the Father will forgive Oh Jerusalem, wash thy heart from wickedness That thou may be saved from thy deception How long, shall thy face those lies within thee Oh Jerusalem, providing you no protection Oh Jerusalem... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: Freedom Time Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com Everybody knows that they guilty Everybody knows that they've lied Everybody knows that they guilty Resting on their conscience eating their inside It's freedom, said it's freedom time now It's freedom, said it's freedom time now Time to get free, or give yourselves up now It's freedom, said it's freedom time [Rapping] Yo, there's a war in the mind, over territory For the dominion Who will dominate the opinion Skisms and isms, keepin' us in forms of religion Conformin' our vision To the world church of decision Trapped in a section Submitted to committing election Moral infection Epidemic lies and deception Insurrection Of the highest possible order Destortin' our tape recorders From hearin' like under water Beyond the borders Find the sin in disorder Bound by the strategy A systematic deprivaty Heavy as gravity Head first in the cavity Without a bottom A fate, worse than Sodom What's got 'em, drunk off the spirits Truth comes, we can't hear it When you've been, programmed to fear it I had a vision I was fallin' in indescision Apallin', callin' religious Some program on television How can, dominant wisdom Be recognized in the system Of Anti-Christ, the majority rules Intelligent fools PhD's in illusion Masters of massconfusion Bachelors in past illusion Now who you choosin' The head, the tail The bloodshed of male Or confidence in the tale Conference is in Yale Discussin' doctrines of bail Causin' people to fail Keepin' the third in jail His word is nail Everything to the tree Severing all of me From all that I used to be Formless and void Totally paranoid Enjoy darkness as Lord Keepin' me from the sword Block for mercy Bitter than cerasee Hungry and thirsty For good meat we would eat And still, dined at the table of deceit How incomplete From confrontation to retreat We belong, the true enemies defeat Destitute a necessity Causin' desperation to get the best of me Punishment 'til there was nothing left of me Realizin' the inescapable death of me No options in the valley of decision The only doctrine, supernatural circumcision Inwardly, only water can purge the heart From words to fiery darts Thrown by the workers of the arts Iniquity, shapen in There's no escapin' when Your whole philosophy is paper thin In vanity The wide road is insanity Could it be all of humanity Picture that Scripture that The origin of a man's heart is black How can we show up for An invisible war Preoccupied with a shadow, makin' love with a whore Achin' in sores Babylon, the great mystery Mother of human history System of social sorcery Our present condition Needs serious recognition Where there's no repentance there can be no remission And that sentence, more serious than Vietnam The atom bomb is Saddam and Minister Farakkkhan What's goin' on, what's the priority to you What authority do we do When the majority hasn't a clue We majored in curses Search the chapters, check the verses Recapture the land Remove the mark from off of our hands So we can stand In agreement with his command Everything else is damned Let them with ears understand Everything else is damned, let them with ears understand It's freedom, said it's freedom time now It's freedom, said it's freedom time now It's freedom, I'ma be who I am It's freedom time, said it's freedom time Everybody knows that they've lied Everybody knows that they've perpetrated inside Everybody knows that they guilty, yes Resting on their conscience eating their insides Get free, be who you're suppost to be Freedom, said it's freedom time now Freedom, said it's freedom time Freedom, freedom time now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: I Find it Hard to Say (Rebel) Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com [Lauryn Hill Talking] ...I've written it about the whole Amadou Diallo situation... ...It was such a hot time in the city at that point, I was afraid that if I  put the record out, people would Misunderstand what I meant by "Rebel" and  they just take it to the streets... [One and only verse] Ok, yeah, alright... I find it hard to say, that everything is alright Don't look at me that way, like everything is alright Cuz my own eyes can see, through all your false pretenses But what you fail to see, is all the consequences You think our lives are cheap, and easy to be wasted As history repeats, so foul you can taste it And while the people sleep, too comfortable to face it His life so incomplete, and nothing can replace it And while the people sleep, too comfortable to face it Your lives so incomplete, and nothing can replace it Fret not thyself I say, against these laws of man Cuz like the Bible says, His blood is on their hands And what I gotta say, and what I gotta say, is rebel While today is still today, choose well And what I gotta say, is rebel, it can't go down this way Choose well, choose well, choose well... ...choose well, choose well, choose well And while the people sleep, too comfortable to face it Your lives are so incomplete, and nothing, and no one, can replace it No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no And what I gotta say, and what I gotta say And what I gotta say, and what I gotta say And what I gotta say, and what I gotta say And what I gotta say, and what I gotta say Is rebel... rebel, rebel, rebel, rebel, rebel, rebel Rebel, rebel, rebel, rebel, rebel Repent, the day is far too spent, rebel... rebel! Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up... Wake up and rebel We must destroy in order to rebuild Wake up, you might as well Oh are you... oh are you satisfied Oh are you satisfied Rebel... ohhh rebel Why don't you rebel, why don't you rebel? Why don't you rebel? I'm fading myself down now... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill  Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: Water  Typed by: curlycutie_22@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Moving down the streams of my lifetime  Pulls the fascination in my sleeve  Cooling off the fire of my longing  Boiling off my cold within his heat  Melting down the walls of inhibition  Evaporating all of my fears  Baptizing me into complete submission  Dissolving my condition with his tears  He's just like the water  I ain't felt this way in years  He's just like the water  I ain't felt this way in years  [Verse 2] Coursing through my senses, he's prevailing  Floating through the space of my design  Drowning me to find my inside sailing  Drinking in the mainstream of his mind  Filling up the cup of my emotions  Spilling over into all I do  If I only I could get lost in his ocean  Surviving on the thought of loving you  He's just like the water  I ain't felt this way in years  He's just like the water, the water  I ain't felt this way in years  [Verse 3] Bathing in the fountain of his essence  He causes my expression to remain  Humbled on a mountain by his presence  Washing my intentions with his name  Sealing off the floodgates of his passions  Saving all his liquid for his own  Moisturizing me to satisfaction  In my imagination? No no!  He's pouring out his soul to me for hours and hours  Drawing out my nature with his hands  Yearning I'm so thirsty for his power  Burning to be worthy of his land  He's just like the water  I ain't felt this way in years  He's just like the water  I ain't felt this way in years  [Ad Libs Remainder] Cleaning me  He's purging me  And moving me around  He's bathing me  And he's claiming me  And moving me around  Around and around and around  And around  Watching me, claiming me  Moving me around  He's purging me  He's been cleaning me  And moving me around  And around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: I Just Want You Around Typed by: Saczy2@yahoo.com I just want you around I just want you around I just want you around I just want you around Thought that I had lost you I can hardly make a sound When I thought I couldn't hold you Knew the world had let me down Should have took the time to tell you You keep my feet on the ground I hope that you can hear me Cause I know its not profound I just want you around I just need you around I just want you around I just need you around When I thought I was without you I got used to being down It was my fault I used to doubt you But that aint me next time around Please believe me when I tell you Cause all my words are bound This is my cross now let me bare it I was lost but now I'm found-found-found I just want you around I just need you around I just want you around I just need you around Took this love for granted Kept my feelings underground Should have watered what I planted Should have known what I have found I'm not used to being lonely I don't like the way it sounds You're the only one I know-yeah Who don't turn my upside-down I just want you around I just need you around I just want you around I just need you around Yeah I want you around I just need you around ....... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: I Gotta Find Peace of Mind Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com I gotta find peace of mind I know another cord... I gotta find peace of mind See, this what that voice in your head says When you try to get peace of mind... I gotta find peace of mind, I gotta find peace of mind He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible He says there's no me without him, please help me forget about him He takes all my energy, trapped in my memory Constantly holding me, constantly holding me I need to tell you all, all the pain he's caused, mmmm I need to tell I'm, I'm undone because, mmmm He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible He says it's impossible without him, but I know it's possible To finally be in love, and know the real meaning of A lasting relationship, not based on ownership I trust every part of you, cuz all that I... All that you say you do You love me despite myself, sometimes I fight myself I just can't believe that you, would have anything to do With someone so insecure, someone so immature Oh you inspire me, to be the higher me You made my desire pure, you made my desire pure Just tell me what to say, I can't find the words to say Please don't be mad with me, I have no identity All that I've known is gone, all I was building on I don't wanna walk with you, how do I talk to you Touch my mouth with your hands, touch my mouth with your hands Oh I wanna understand, the meaning of your embrace I know now I have to face, the temptations of my past Please don't let me disgrace, where my devotion lays Now that I know the truth, now that it's no excuse Keeping me from your love, what was I thinking of? Holding me from your love, what was I thinking of? You are my peace of mind, that old me is left behind You are my peace of mind, that old me is left behind He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible He says it's improbable, but I know it's tangeable He says it's not grabbable, but I know it's haveable Cuz anything's possible, oh anything is possible Please come free my mind, please come meet my mind Can you see my mind, oh Won't you come free my mind? Oh I know it's possible Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything, yeeey Anything, anything, anything, anything, yeeey Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything, yeeey Oh free! Free, free, free your mind Free, free your mind... free, free your mind Free, free, free, free your mind Oh, it's so possible, oh it's so possible I'm telling you it's possible, I'm telling you it's possible Free, free... free, free... free, free... get free now Free, free... free, free, free, free... free, free You're my peace of mind, that old me is left behind You're my peace of mind, you're my peace of mind He's my peace of mind, he's my peace of mind He's my peace of mind, he's my peace of mind What a joy it is to be alive To get another chance, yeah Everyday's another chance To get it right this time Everyday's another chance Oh what a merciful, merciful, merciful God Oh what a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful God [Repeat till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged Song: The Mystery of Inequity Typed by: graves129@comcast.net (sing songy Chorus intro) It's the mystery of Inequity... Said it's the misery of Inequity... Said it's the history of Inequity... When it all... All falls down... Telling you all... It all falls down Children... Eat your bread Little children... Eat your bread Cause it all... All falls down... Telling you all... It all falls down (First and only verse) Yo! Y'all can't handle the truth in a courtroom of lies Perjures the jurors, witness despised Crooked lawyers, false indictments publicized Its entertainment...the arraignments The subpoenas High profile gladiators in bloodthirsty arenas Enter the Dragon Black-robe crooked-balance Souls bought and sold and paroled for thirty talents Court reporter catch the surface on the paper File it in the system not acknowledged by the Maker Swearing by the bible blatantly blasphemous Publicly perpetrating that "In God We Trust" Cross-examined by a master manipulator The faster intimidator Receiving the judge's favor Deceiving sabers doing injury to they neighbors For status, gratis, apparatus and legal waivers See the bailiff Representing security Holding the word of God soliciting perjury The prosecution Political prostitution The more money you pay.. the further away solution Legal actors Babylon's benefactors Masquerading as the agency for the clients Hypocritical giants Morally non-compliant Orally armed to do bodily harm Polluted, recruited and suited judicial charm And the defense isn't making any sense Faking the confidence of escaping the consequence That a defendant is depending on the system Totally void of judgment purposely made to twist em' Emotional victim blackmailed by the henchmen Framed by intentions Inventions whereby they lynch men Enter the false witness slandering the accused Planting the seed openly showing he's being used To discredit, edit, headed for the alleged Smearing the individual fearing the unsuspected Expert witness (the paid authority) Made a priority to deceive the majority Of disinterested peers Dodging duty for years Hating the process  waiting to be returning to their careers Do we expect the system made for the elect To possibly judge correct? Properly serve and protect? Materially corrupt Spiritually amuck Oblivious to the cause Prosperously bankrupt Blind leading the blind Guilty never defined Filthy as swine A generation purin it's own mind Legal extortion Blown out of proportion In vein deceit The truth is obsolete Only two positions: Victimizer or Victim Both end up in destruction trusting this crooked system Mafia with diplomas keeping us in a coma trying to own a piece of the "American Corona" The Revolving Door Insanity every floor Skyscraping, paper chasing What are we working for? Empty traditions Reaching social positions Teaching ambition to support the family superstition? When the Son of Perdition is Commander in Chief The standard is Thief Brethren can we candidly speak? Woe to the men Trusted in the chariots dem' Leaning on horses They run their intellectual sources Counterfeit wisdom creating the illusion of freedom Confusion consumes them Every word they speak it turns them out really white Internally they absent of light trapped in the night and bonded to the Cain of the night Under the curse Evil men waxing more worse Faxing the first Angelic being cast to the earth It's time for rebirth Burnin up the branch and the root The empty pursuits of every tree bearing the wrong fruit Turn and be healed Let him who stole, no longer steal Oh it's real Surrender for Jehovah is real How long will you sleep Troubled by the thoughts that YOU keep The idols YOU heap Causing the destruction you reap Judgment has come Find it and return to the One Abandon the flesh Self-interest: Broadway to death Pride and the Greed Hide and subdividing the seed The knowledge of Good and Evil is what caused us to lie Caused us to die Let your emotions be crucified Renounce all your thoughts Repent and let your mind be re-taught You'll find what you sought...was based on the deception you bought A perception of naught Where the majority remains caught Loving a lie Not realizing in Adam, all die Loving a lie Not realizing in Adam, all die Loving a lie Not realizing in Adam, all die Loving a lie Not realizing in Adam, all die (sing songy Chorus Outro) It's the mystery of Inequity Say it's the history of Inequity Say it's the misery of Inequity When it all... All falls down I'm telling you all... It all falls down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: I Get Out Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com I get out, I'll get out of all your boxes I get out, you can't hold me in these chains I'll get out Father free me from this bondage Knowin' my condition Is the reason I must change Your stinkin' resolution Is no type of solution Preventin' me from freedom Maintainin' your polution I won't support your lie no more I won't even try no more If I have to die, oh Lord That's how I choose to live I won't be compromised no more I can't be victimised no more I just don't sympathize no more Cuz now I understand You just wanna use me You say "love" then abuse me You never thought you'd loose me But how quickly we forget That nothin' is for certain You thought I'd stay here hurtin' Your guilt trip's just not workin' Repressin' me to death Cuz now I'm choosin' life, yo I'll take the sacrifice, yo If everything must go, then go That's how I choose to live Heh... hehehehehe... Ok, we gettin' there At least I had a chunk Aight ok, it's how I choose to live Hehehe, awww No more compromises I see past your diguises Blindin' through mind control Stealin' my eternal soul Appealin' through material To keep me as your slave But I get out Oh, I get out of all your boxes I'll get out Oh, you can't hold me in these chains I get out Oh, I want out of social bondage Knowin' my condition Oh, is the reason I must change See what you see is what you get Oh, and you ain't seen nothin' yet Oh, I don't care if you're upset I could care less if you're upset See it don't change the truth And your hurt feeling's no excuse To keep me in this box Psychological locks Repressin' true expression Cementin' this repression Promotin' mass deception So that no one can be healed I don't respect your system I won't protect your system When you talk I don't listen Oh, let my Father's will be done And just get out Oh, just get out of all these bondage Just get out Oh, you can't hold me in chains Just get out All these traditions killin' freedom Knowin' my condition Is the reason I must change I've just accepted what you said Keepin' me among the dead The only way to know Is to walk then learn and grow But faith is not your speed Oh, you've had everyone believed That you're the sole authority Just follow the majority Afraid to face reality The system is a joke Oh, you'd be smart to save your soul Oh, when escape is mind control You spent your life in sacrifice To a system for the dead Oh, are you sure... Where is the passion in this living Are you sure it's God you servin' Obligated to a system Getting less then you're deserving Who made up these schools, I say Who made up these rules, I say Animal conditioning Oh, just to keep us as a slave Oh, just get out Of this social purgatory Just get out All these traditions are alive Just get out Superstition killing freedom Knowin' my condition Is the reason I must die, ahh Just get out Just get out Just get out Let's get out Let's get out Knowin' my condition Is the reason I must die Just get out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged No. 2.0 (Disc Two) Song: I Remember Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com I remember When you look into my eyes You saw right through me And I could not hide I was exposed Just like a town All of my heart You hold it in your hands I'm yours to command I'm yours to demand I, I feel so vulnerable With you in my life With you in my life I remember When I looked into your eyes I saw a reflection of myself And I could not lie Out of control Too weak to deny All of myself Is naked before you But what can I do There is nothing I can do I feel so beautiful With you in my life With you in my life I remember I remember I remember I, ohh, ohh, ohh With you in my life With you in my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged 2.0 Song: So Much Things to Say Typed by: enjoy_summertime@hotmail.com Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah yey Why, why, why, why, why, why, why Why, Why, heh They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much things to say They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much things to say I'll never forget no way, how they crucified Jesus Christ I'll never forget no way, how they sold Marcus Garvey for rice I'll never forget no way, how they turned their back on Paul Bogle So don't you forget no way... Who you are, and where you stand in the struggle They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much things to say They've got so very many things, to say right now They've got so much things to say I'n'I nah come to fight flesh and blood But spiritual wickedness in high and low places And don't you fight me down I'll stand firm, and give Jah all the thanks and praises I don't expect to be justified, by these laws of men Though the we can find me guilty, Jah will proove my innocency Cuz when the rain falls, it don't, fall on one man's house top Remember that See when this rain falls, it don't, fall on one man's house top They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much, so much things to say They've got, heh, so much things to say right now They've got so, so much things to say But let them keep talking, oh let them keep talking Cuz non of them walking, oh non of them walking, no And while they still talking, see I'ma be walking I'ma be walking, so let them keep talking Said I never forget no way, how they crucified Jesus Christ And I, I'll never forget, how they sold Marcus Garvey for rice Said I, never forget, how they turned their backs on Paul Bogle So non of you, non of you forget... Who you are, and where you stand in the struggle Cuz when this rain, cuz when this rain, rain, rain, rain, rain falls It don't fall on one man's house, I'm telling you the rain... I'm telling you the rain, rain, rain, rain, rain don't fall It don't fall... they... They've got, they've got, so many very things to say about me I'm telling you: lie They, and they, and they will have so many things They'll have so many things to say about you... to say about you Cuz they don't know me, know me They don't know me, oh they don't know me, oh they don't know me Oh they don't know me well They, they, they, they, they, they, they don't know my Father Cuz if they did, if they did... hey ey... theeey... heh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: MTV Unplugged No. 2.0 (Disc Two) Song: The Conquering Lion Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com The conquering lion Shall break every chain The conquering lion Shall break every chain Give him the victory Again and again and again and again Give him the victory Ohh The conquering lion Shall break every chain The conquering lion Shall break every chain Give him victory Again and again and again and again and again and again Give us some victory Ohh, yeah Ohh, conquering lion Shall break every chain, every chain, every chain The conquering lion, yeah ohh Shall break every chain Give us some victory We need some victory We need some victory Again and again and again and again Give, give, give, us some victory Ohh, ohh, ohh The conquering lion He'll break every chain Every one of your chains, every one of your chains The conquering lion Hey, he's gonna break all of those chains if you just let him Give him, give him the victory, give him the victory Again and again and again and again Give him the victory Ohh, ohh, ohh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill and Bob Marley Album: The Best Man soundtrack Song: Turn Your Lights Down Low Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Bob Marley] (Lauryn) (Uh) Turn your lights down low And pull your window curtain Oh let the moon come shining in Into our life again Saying ooh, it's been a long, long time (Long, long time) I got this message for you girl But it seems I was never on time Did I wanna get through to you girl? On time, on time (word) I want to give you some love I want to give you some good, good loving (Uh, uh, right, uh) Oh I, oh I, oh I Yeah I want to give you some good, good loving (uh) [Lauryn] Turn your lights down low (Word, word, uh, uh) Never ever try to resist, oh no (Na, na, na, na) Let your love come shining in (Na, na, na, na) Into our lives again (Na, na, na, na) And ooh, I love you (I love you, I love you) And I want you to know right now (Know right now) Ooh I love you (Uh-uh, yeah, uh) And I want you to know right now (uh) That I, that I I wanna give you some love (uh, yeah) I wanna give you some good, good loving Oh I, oh I, oh I I wanna give you some good, good loving (yeah uh-uh) [Lauryn] Loving you is a like a song I replay Every three minutes and thirty seconds of every day (uh, uh) And every chorus was written for us to recite (right) Every beautiful melody of devotion every night It's potion like this ocean that might carry me In a wave of emotion to ask you to marry me And every word, every second, and every third Expresses the happiness more clearly than ever heard (uh) And when I play them, every chord is a poem Telling the Lord how grateful I am cause I know him (what? word) The harmonies possess a sensation similar to your caress (uh) If you asking then I'm telling you it's yes Stand in love, take my hand in love, God bless (right) [Lauryn & Bob] I want to give you some good, good loving I want to give you some love I want to give you some good, good loving Oh I, oh I, oh I I wanna give you some good, good loving [Lauryn] (Bob) Good, good, good loving (I wanna give you some good loving) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Lauryn Hill Album: Be With You 12" Song: Be With You (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Lauryn-singing] Hey love, hey love turn yourself around (Turn yourself round) Cause I got that brow You're in love [Lauryn-rapping] They call me L-mahogany cause of the things that I do Like disappearing for a week with my crew Like making sure that all my peoples got loot Like watching out for Babylon in the blue They be like why do she rock so fly On the microphone its do or die Brothers be like oh my You don't know what you're missing Its Fugees and Mary [Mary] I can't deal with the fact That you don't want me around Why you wanna see me down It's so unusual That you don't love me no more Why you wanna close the door I spend all my days And all my nights with you Just tell me what am I gonna do Without you If loving you is so right Tell me how I make it through the night You know that I don't ever wanna leave you [Mary] (I wanna be with you) I just wanna be with you Nothing else I'd rather do (I wanna be with you) I want to spend my life with you, oh [Mary] Let's take this time to think about What was said and done Now tell me why you had to run away from me Now I can't sleep at night Why we have to fight Every day from you I look and I see something new Now tell me what I got to do, uh To get this through to you It's the little things you do for me That make me very happy You know that I don't wanna leave you [Lauryn] I love you I keep Put your number in parenthesis So I can know your borough You mind if I say hello We can make it healthy, you know A strong ghetto love Cause you met me at the club Grinding to some reggae dub That ain't where I wanna be I need a family (That's what I need, know what I'm saying, word) Chastity I'll be if you're looking for a refugee See my love anoints all your joints in the erogenous points I make ya tipsy, read you your fortune like a gypsy (Ha) So lift me to this plateau and don't forget the chateau Cause you without me just ain't natural [Mary] You don't want me there And it's beginning to make me so scared (I wanna be with you) So scared that I might lose you All I wanna do is be with you baby Baby, baby, baby (I wanna be with you) Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I wanna be with you) I just wanna pick up the phone I know if you do, do ooh yeah (I wanna be with you) Ooh, ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I wanna be with you) Oh I wanna be with you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Lauryn Hill Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Retrospect for Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, we gotta start respectin life more y'all You look at your brother man you gotta see yourself Gotta see the God within him Brothers gettin changed real quick over nothin We losin too many of ours Gotta recreate y'all Yo, check it Knowin you the best part of life, do I have the right to take yours Cause I created you, irresponsibly Subconciously knowin the act I was a part of The start of somethin, I'm not ready to bring into the world Had myself believin I was sterile I look into mother's stomach, wonder if you are a boy or a girl Turnin this woman's womb into a tomb But she and I agree, a seed we don't need You would've been much more than a mouth to feed But someone, I woulda fed this information I read to someone, my life for you I woulda had to leave Instead I lead you to death I'm sorry for takin your first breath, first step, and first cry But I wasn't prepared mentally nor financially Havin a child shouldn't have to bring out the man in me Plus I wanted you to be raised within a family I don't wanna, go through the drama of havin a baby's momma Weekend visits and buyin J's ain't gon' make me a father For a while bearing a child is somethin I never wanted to do For me to live forever I can only do that through you Nerve I got to talk about them niggaz with a gun Must have really thought I was God to take the life of my son I could have sacrificed goin out To think my homies who did it I used to joke about, from now on I'ma use self control instead of birth control Cause $315 ain't worth your soul $315 ain't worth your soul $315 ain't worth it [Lauryn Hill (two layers of vocals, same words)] I, never dreamed you'd leave, in summer You said you would be here when it rained [Common] Yo Why didn't you stay Seeing you as a present and a gift in itself You had our child in you, I probably never feel what you felt But you dealt with it like the strong black woman you are Through our trials and tribulations, child's elimination An intergration of thoughts I feel about the situation Back and forth my feelings was pacin Happy deep down but not joyed enough to have it But even that's a lie in less than two weeks, we was back at it Is this unprotected love or safe to say it's lust Bustin, more than the sweat in somebody you trust Or is it that we don't trust each other enough And believe, havin this child'll make us have to stay together Girl I want you in my life cause you have made it better Thinkin we all in love cause we can spend a day together We talkin spendin the rest of our lives It's too many black women that can say they mothers but can't say that they wives I wouldn't chose any other to mother my understanding But I want our Parenthood to come from Planning It's so much in my life that's undone We gotta see eye to eye, about family, before we can become one If you had decided to have it the situation I wouldn't run from But I'm walkin, findin myself in my God So I can, discipline my son with my writin Not have a judge tellin me how and when to raise my seed Though his death was at our greed, with no one else to blame I had a book of Afrikan names, case our minds changed You say your period hasn't came, and lately I've been sleepy So quit smokin the weed and the beadies and let's have this boy [Lauryn Hill] I, never dreamed you'd leave in summer You said you would be here when it rained 	You said you would be here when it rained Ohh I, never dreamed you'd leave in summer Now the situation's made things change 	Things change Why, didn't you stay 	Why didn't you stay... I, never dreamed you'd leave, in summer 	In summer You said you would be here when, it rained 	When it rained, it rained Ohhhohh I, never dreamed, you'd leave in summer 	You said you wouldn't leave Now the situation's made things change 	Things change, why didn't you stay? Stay, stay stay stay stay stay stay Mmmmm, stayyy Uh-uh Ohh why didn't you stay.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood Soundtrack Song: Selah Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com Nothing can be done against the truth no matter how we remain in denial, yeah Wasting time, replacing time with each empty excuse but that'll only work a little while Coping with despair, knowing you're not there ashamed to just admit I've been a fool So I blame it on the son, run away from everyone hoping to escape this ridicule Trapped in misery, wrapped so miserably and this deception, I wear it like a skin Dying to maintain, oh I keep trying to explain a heart that never loved me to begin Oh I'm such a mess, I have no choice but to confess that I've been desperately trying to belong Lieing to myself and everybody else refusing to admit my right was wrong, and then he came And then he came Selah, oh and it means Praise and meditation, and then he came Selah, oh and it means Did you think about that, and then he came Selah, oh and it means Praise and meditation, and then he came Selah, oh and it means That it is seen How beautiful is fruit still in denial of its roots my guilty heart behaves so foolishly This treason from within that reasons with my sin won't be happy till it sees the death of me Selfishly addicted to a life that I depicted conflicted cause it's not reality Oh what's left of me, I beg you desperately cause me to agree with what I know is best for me Please save me from myself, I need you, save me from myself please save me from myself so I can heal The chocies that I've made, oh have been nothing but mistakes what a wasted use of space, should I die before I wake In all of my religion, I've fortified this prison obligated to obey the demands of bad decisions Please save me from myself, I need you save me from myself, please save me from myself so I can heal And then he came Selah, oh and it means Praise and meditation, and then he came Selah, oh and it means Did you think about that, and then he came Selah, oh and it means Praise and meditation, and then he came Selah, oh and it means That it is seen And then he came And then he came, then he came, then he came And then he And then he came The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill  Album: DJ Skribble's Traffic Jams Song: Keep it Tight Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [(Lauryn "L-Boogie" Hill) Singing in parentheses] Yo... (Can I see you?) Lauryn Hill on the track... (In the morning) New art got my back...  DJ Skribble just relax, haha! I'm a get you the joint! haha! (Can I see you?) Yeah...morning (In the morning!) Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh, Uh Huh! [Lauryn] As I span the cosmos (The cosmos) Mahogany travel at the speed of sound (Sound) Span the mainstream but still esteemed underground (Unh!) My parameters, and wrap up contaminants Travel twice Earth's diameter, intimidating amateurs (Intimidating...what?!) At the Apollo, I played the shepherd sheep followed (Sheep followed) Chicks try to model after me like I'm Tyra [(Like I'm Tyra) Pause] Banks (Banks!) Wanna thank me because my statements are prodigious (...digious) Styles so prestigious, make a sinner act religious (Act religiouus) Street academics, seen alot of girls mimic (Huh) But when it's all over you can tell who's the gimmick (You can tell!) L slang-bangs (Slang-bang!) like a dub plate (Bing!) Jericho Sound System, mash up your club dates! (Mash up your...) Sweeter than a cherry on a fruit cocktail Whenever, Wherever, Whatever (Whenever, Wherever, Whatever! - Singing) Like Maxwell (Unh) My pentium, makes more chips than Intel (Intel) I didn't mean to turn you on (I didn't mean to turn you on!) Like Sherell! ( Uh Huh) Kids move they body like they're tripping off of acid, Anthony Not even fantasy can surpass it (Unh, unh!) Once you blast it one starts to feel kinky I think thee, goes by the name of Young Slinky And just when you thought it was safe to relax (Safe to relax!) L-Boogie spits with perfect syntax! ( Perfect syntax!) Then, DJ Skribble make you dribble on the wax (What?)... DJ Skribble make you dribble on the wax! [Lauryn Singing - Chorus] Can I hear you in the morning, (Can I see you?) like I hear you late at night? Chance to hear you  (In the morning) Amp the party DJ Skribble Keep It Tight! (Can I see you?) Just a short time in the morning Like I hear you late at night (In the morning!) Chance to hear you Amp the party  DJ Skribble Keep It Tight! Can I hear you in the morning (Can I see you?) Like I hear you late at night (In the morning!) Chance to hear you Amp the party DJ Skribble, KEEP IT TIGHT!!! (L-Boogie!) - Forte' 3x (Keep It Tight!) Keep It Tight! (Keep It Tight) Keep It Tight (echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: Everything is Everything CD-5 Song: Ex-Factor (A Simple Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lauryn Hill] Y-yo.. {echoes}, y-yo.. uhh Y-yo.. {echoes}, y-yo.. uhh Y-y-yo.., yo, y-yo.. Y-y-yo.. {echoes} Y-yo.. uhh, y-yo.. Uh-uh.. Y-y-yo.. It could all be simple but you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle we both end up scarred Tell me who I have to be to get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me and no one ever will Is this just a silly game that forces you to act this way Forces you to scream my name, then pretend, that you can't stay Tell me who I have to be to get some reciprocity No one loves you more than me and no one ever will {*Lauryn harmonizes*} Chorus: Lauryn No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin, it ain't workin, uhh And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy.. [Lauryn Hill] I keep letting you back in, how can I explain myself? As crazy as this thing has been, I just can't be with no one else I know what we've got to do, you let go I'll let go too No one's hurt me more than you and no one ever will [Lauryn - rapping] Yo, y-yo, yo yo I'm here now, not just because it's my year now I'm clear now, only feelin cats that's sincere now Heart of lioness, scientist, street Zionist Don't twist it, it's consistantly consistent If you missed it, this train is bound for glory End of story, my whole repoitory is Psalm 40 They bomb for me Thinkin they can mess with your plan, but I'ma play lamb Knowin that the Kingdom's at hand, and showin those who want it you gon' bring em the land, descendants of Ham Not concerned with the platinum status Cause every joint I threw, I would do for gratis I'm on the train with my Pips like I'm lil Gladys or in the Range throwin chips to the kids in Addis (Ethiopia) Abbaba, two kids and and a baby father Hot to lava, we Don Dadda, Don Dadda Chorus: Lauryn No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin, it ain't workin And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy, this is crazy.. [Lauryn Hill] Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me.. Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me! Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me? Ohh noo.. why won't you live for me? Why..hahhhihhhhhh, won't you live, for me, for me, for meeee Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me! Give to meeeeeee.. Give to meeeeeee.. It could all be simple, but you'd rather make it harrrrrd.. Loving you, loving you, is like a bat-tle.. Hmmmhmmmmmmmmmmmmm Give to meeee.. care for meeee.. Give to meeee.. care for meeeeeee.. Care for meeee.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aretha Franklin w/ Lauryn Hill Album: A Rose is Still a Rose Song: A Rose is Still a Rose Typed by: sector9girl@hotmail.com, lolly_dandc@.yahoo.com Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm Dooby dooby doo doo doo doo Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm There was a rose I knew, I met her once or twice before She was a pretty sweet thing, not the least bit insecure Then you came with your slick game and played with her youth Ashamed of the way you lied, played with the truth, hey, hey Mmm, she never knew what hit her Steal her honey, then forget her a rose She wears a flower Tryin' to forget about you  Cause....... (Chorus 1) A rose is still a rose Baby, girl, you're still a flower He can't lead you and then take you Make you and then break you Darlin', you hold the power Now believe me when I tell you that I've been hurt myself When he tells you that he loves you and sees nobody else And now you're so tough tryin' to wear tight clothes and things Tossin' and flossin', tryin' to fill the void heartbreak brings Oh.oh.yeah When she faces the mirror, yeah She's cryin', you can't hear her Now the rose is still a rose She wears a flower, tryin' to forget about you (Chorus 2) 'Cause a rose is still a rose Baby, girl, you're still a flower He can't lead you and then take you Make you and then break you Baby, girl, you hold the power See..... (Repeat Chorus 1) Let your life be in the sunshine Not the darkness of your sorrow You may see your all today When you know it'll come tomorrow Tough to be, but life ain't over Just because your man is gone Girl, love yourself and love to love 'Cause without him your life goes on Without him your life goes on Without him your life goes on (Repeat Chorus 1) See.... (Repeat Chorus 2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Live Wunz f/ Lauryn Hill, Ribb I Album: Outcasts EP / Get Live 12" Song: Only Time Will Tell (Original Version) Typed by: JasonDJavie@hotmail.com [Free] Yes Yes Yes, It's the Live Wunz once again [Flawless] You heard us, the street *niggaz* rockin' the piece Flava for Ninety-Nine, Lyricly greased No MC could ever infiltrate this, Cause we a tight Team, And we thoughtfully spaced this Throughout New York, Cali, and Over Seas We the illest of *niggaz*, a new breed [Theif] A crook wit a deal thas layin' up flava *Fuck* the broke *shit*, Ya'll better start stackin' paper When Live Wunz step up, We hold it down, Flow for ever And pussy ass crew can't even keep their attention or whatever Mack the 10's, and Nine the Mili's We just a big clan of *assed* out broke willies No matter what goes on, Theif continually *shit* down I'm consistent on the road or in my home town [Dodger] I rhyme and do time, Thas the story of my life I record hot tracks, and I'm sentenced for life But naw son, I ain't goin' out like dat yo I show love for my street people, And straight up pimp the *ho's* When I bring rhymes, Hardcore can't even describe them shits Peep my demo, I was banned in fifty states for it My life seem to be headed in a one way direction With no possibility for change and no time for repension [Chorus: Lauryn Hill Singing] Only Time Will Tell How everything ends up tonight Only Time Will Tell If we all will be all right Only Time Will Tell The Path we choose and we're it takes us Only Time Will Tell Those who are true, And those who will break us [Free] Ay-o the coolest, wildest, nicest cat With a stack of cash, and a twenty-four carrot gold gat New York For Life, I'm *fuckin'* representin' I got four houses already, The fifth I'm currently erectin' The illest emcees, and thugged out entertainers Don't fuck wit us, I mean thas a no brainer Comrad Free, Patriot of N-Y-C A Zealot for life, Illin' wit da L-I-V-E [Slim Pete] Cashin' checks and coppin' fly rides Live Wunz ain't got no limit but the sky Slim Pete favorite cut, *Fuck* the police Not by NWA, the unreleased cut by Big L and C-Pece You know P keep it real with the streets Fuck original, I'll rap over anybody's beats I'm the Illest in New York More fabolous the sport And *fuck* *This rhyme is blurred on all releases* [Chorus: Lauryn Hill Singing] Only Time Will Tell Only Time Will Tell Only Time Will Tell [Ribb I] Figure Eight through the hood, I'm the best *Fuck* just really good Rollin' with the catz that go by the name the Live Wunz Rhyme spitters, Heavy Hitters, The *fuckin'* crazy ones I pull weight, *Fuck* pushin' it What strenght does that take Plus when I'm finished a cook you like a Lonestar Steak [Lauryn Hill] Victims of Insanity, Brain washed with seductive Vanity Life of refugees in America Cause corruption, conspiracy, and conflict between them and me Is my miseducation to blame for all this Or am I just a lost girl With a lost mind and *Blurred* [Chorus: Lauryn Hill Singing] Only Time Will Tell How everything ends up tonight Only Time Will Tell If we all will be all right Only Time Will Tell The Path we choose and we're it takes us Only Time Will Tell Those who are true, And those who will break us Only Time Will Tell How everything ends up tonight Only Time Will Tell If we all will be all right Only Time Will Tell The Path we choose and we're it takes us Only Time Will Tell Those who are true, And those who will break us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill Album: Love Jones soundtrack Song: The Sweetest Thing Typed by: OHHLA.com The sweetest thing I've ever known Was like the kiss on the collarbone Soft caress of happiness The way you walk, your style of dress I wish I didn't get so weak Ooo, baby, just to hear you speak Makes me argue just to see How much you're in love with me See, like a queen, a queen upon her throne Chorus Chorus It was the sweet, sweet, sweetest thing I know,  It was the sweet, sweet, sweetest thing I know I get mad when you walk away (don't walk away) So I tell you leave, when I mean stay Warm as the sun dipped in black Fingertips on the small of my back More valuable than all I own Like your precious, precious, precious, precious dark skin tone Chorus It was the...Ah I tried to explain Ah...but baby, it's in vain Speaking on my mother's phone The touching makes me think I'm grown, (you ain't grown) Sweet prince of the ghetto Your kisses taste like armoretto Intoxicating, oh, so intoxicating How sad, how sad that all things come to an end But then again, I'm, I'm not alone Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Lauryn Hill Album: 4:21 The Day After Song: Say Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lauryn][Method Man] Yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yeah (Yeah) Yeah yeah (Yo) [Method Man] Damn, I hate it when it rain  Ever since I came in the game Some hated on the fame A lot of niggas done changed  And started actin' strange Even labels turning they backs  And started backing lames Radio is the same, whole lotta speculatin'  These mutherfuckas defacatin' on the name Wu-Tang, if this is where the hip-hop is Radio lyin' then, that ain't where hip-hop live It lives in the streets, we eat to live they livin' to eat I'm fed up, that nigga rides in 'em, givin 'em sleep R.I.P., make me the king of all I see And when death call I'm good I got call ID See it was planned in the front, now they just gon' front Like my joints is on proactive, and they just don't bump Then niggas gon' say I lost my skill when in fact they all been programmed And lost they feel, fo' real Chorus: [Lauryn](Method Man] They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much things to say They've got so much things to say right now (Yeah) They got so much things to say (Yo) [Method Man] Damn, another artist chokes again They ain't cut as close as him or even broke the skin See how niggas ain't yo friends, when there ain't no ends Don't care who the case offend, don't underrate my pen I got what it takes to win, while ya'll are thinking I'm trash Loving the taste of success and this drink in my glass Watch 'em cosign that whack shit, give it a pass till it's gone Quicker than Red, can't get rid of them clubs When they're wrong, call the cops, they credibility's shot It's time to learn, what hot really is and really is not Off brain niggas, Meth gonna let 'em know off top Don't get smacked on dvds, trying to show off blocks I can't stop cause my enemies plot, or cause the cops want me Shackled and locked inside the penalty box And while they waitin' for my shit to flop  They gettin' pimped like hoes Sellin' they ass just to get my spot, come on man Repeat Chorus [Method Man] Ask Miss Hill, half these critics ain't got half this skill Often so hungry that they have to steal If I didn't have my deal, and didn't have this mass appeal Then I'm back up in that trap, swingin' crack it's real And that ain't worth the time, so search and find a new nerve And here's three words: stop working mine It take a lot more to hurt my pride Jerk my vibe more than media lies, cry when dirt dog die nigga The last album wasn't feeling my style This time my foot up in they ass but they feelin' me now Cause Tical, he put his heart in every track he do But somehow yall find someway to give a whack review It ain't all good, they writin' that I'm Hollywood Tryin' to tell you my shit ain't ghetto and they hardly hood Come on man, until you dudes can write some rhymes  Keep that in mind when you find yourself reciting mines Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ Paid Alive Album: The Miseducation Promo CD Song: All My Time Typed by: HJWESS1@msg.pacbell.com *Lauryn Singing* You can't run away...gonna find you and take it slowly You can't run away...gonna find you and make you want me Chorus All my time it could be spent with you So what you gonna do? Make sure your game is true See all my time it could be spent with you So what you gonna do? Make sure your game is true *Rapping* Well could it be that through these Cartiers I swear their stares a specimen smooth as Sidney Poitier Clean cut & dapper seems he's straight & narrow Tingle in the bone marrow ??? but I ain't that aggressive instead I act suggestive bat my eyelashes make smooth & subtle passes timed perfectly with the classic under my dark glasses [he must have put a spell on my mind]*sung overlapping* amountin' all the words to do magic with all due respect he approached it and offered the roach clip as I respectfully declined to smoke it [Nah nah I don't I don't do that] *spoken* Broken the ice his demeanor was nice he tried to freak it to my mental [Ay yo it wasn't accidental] Yo his talk was slick my resume is kinda thick [So let's blow this scene girl and check this flick] and show me why ?Paid alive? ain't ya average click Recognize Paid Alive about to lock this shit Chorus Yeah yeah I know you got a car but we should keep it in the lot I got a urge to ride the train let's do some walkin' in the rain it sounds insane but meditative for the brain plus I'd like to get to see if you as crazy as you claim. [Paid Alive] ?? like Iceberg Slim in Donald Gowens uncut it's all raw dog hit me off Paid Alive baby girl on sand this connection be hit through your burrow territorial section True I come correct in all mine & denim truck trues top kid really wear linens No question I'll show you affection as I proceed to lead ya direction [Lauryn] *rapping* Well these procedures that you agreed to I'm gonna need to know a little more about ya self & family [License] well who's paid and who's live? Where you live what you drive? Ever did a homicide? [I hope not] let our molecules collide In time we'll tell if you can indoor with L if you tryin to knock it down then I'm not that type of girl my mind's a pearl and I done been around the world but if you righteous I might just let you spend the night and... Chorus [Lauren] *sung parts* *See all my tiiiime*...OK that's right what? Nah ain't nobody about wastin' my time Like *ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah ye yeah* Show me why Paid Alive ain't ya average click *See all my time...* [ad libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lauryn Hill Album: It Was Written Song: If I Ruled the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nas] + (Lauryn Hill singing in the background) Life..... I wonder.... Will it take me under.... I don't know [Verse One: Nas] Imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassin Imagine going to court with no trial Lifestyle cruising blue behind my waters No welfare supporters more conscious of the way we raise our daughters Days are shorter, nights are colder Feeling like life is over, these snakes strike like a cobra The world's hot my son got not evidently It's elementary, they want us all gone eventually Trooping out of state for a plate knowledge of coke was cooked without the garbage we'd all have the top dollars Imagine everybody flashin, fashion Designer clothes, lacing your click up with diamond vogues Your people holdin dough, no parole No rubbers, go in raw imagine law with no undercovers Just some thoughts for the mind I take a glimpse into time watch the blimp read "The World Is Mine" [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times [Verse Two: Nas] The way to be, paradise like relaxin black, latino and anglo-saxon Armani exchange the reins Cash, Lost Tribe of Shabazz, free at last Brand new whips to crash then we laugh in the iller path The Villa house is for the crew, how we do Trees for breakfast, dime sexes and Benz stretches So many years of depression make me vision The better livin, type of place to raise kids in Open they eyes to the lies history's told foul But I'm as wise as the old owl, plus the Gold Child Seeing things like I was controlling, click rollin Trickin six digits on kicks and still holdin Trips to Paris, I civilized every savage Gimme one shot I turn trife life to lavish Political prisonner set free, stress free  No work release purple M3's and jet skis  Feel the wind breeze in West Indies I make Coretta Scott-King mayor the cities and reverse fiends to Willies It sounds foul but every girl I meet to go downtown I'd open every cell in Attica send em to Africa [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times And then we'll walk right up to the sun Hand in hand We'll walk right up to the sun We won't land We'll walk right up to the sun Hand in hand We'll walk right up to the sun We won't land [Verse Three: Nas] You'd love to hear the story how the thugs live in worry Duck down in car seats, heat's mandatory Runnin from Jake, gettin chased, hunger for papes These are the breaks many mistakes go down out of state Wait, I had to let it marinate we carry weight Tryin to get laced, flip the ace stack the safe Millionaire plan to keep the gat with the cocked hammer Makin moves in Atlanta, back and forth scrambler Cause you could have all the chips, be poor or rich Still nobody want a nigga havin shit If I ruled the world and everything in it, sky's the limit I push a Q-45 Infinit It wouldn't be no such thing as jealousies or B Felonies Strictly living longevity to the destiny I thought I'd never see but reality struck Better find out before your time's out, what the fuck??? [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times If I ruled the world, if I ruled, if I ruled Imagine that I'd free all my sons, if I ruled, if I ruled I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls, black dimaonds  Could it be, if you could black diamonds         be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times If I ruled the world, if I ruled if I ruled, I'd free all my sons black diamonds, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls, if I ruled If I ruled the world If I ruled the world I love em love em baby!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lauryn Hill Album: It Wasn't You 12" Song: It Wasn't You Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro: Nas] Uh huh, a love story, but not your ordinary love story Not hardly, you heard Get into this shit right here, check this shit out You know, check it (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 As we turn the corner, I count down his name I felt so ashamed, when it wasn't you [Nas] Companions, commitments, relationships They can be so nice in days picnics, advance slow nights You start to miss it all when you got no wife Seeing couples, walking, holding each others hands, talking Like everything around them don't exist And yo they stop before crossing the street so they can kiss That remind me, my love for this 'lil mami A slim body from Saudi Arabia probably (uh, huh) We met five day into her stay, a thirty day visit Her second time in the USA But my first time to gaze at her and wave at her was at KNICKS  game Islamic name hard to spit game My thug look made nervous, her Secret Service The floor seats next to Spike Lee, I had to purchase Later we met on Tavern on the Green and after we dined I said "I got to have you just one time", she said (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 [Nas] Seduced her fast, surprised me, laying beside me Rolling in my satin sheets, flexible body Hair, black and long, Indian skin completion Eyes, nose and lips resemble the Egyptian It's against rules to make conversation, with anybody new Which was strange in our situation, that admired her more Everyday I gave her a tour Of New York streets, the parts that remained hard-core It was coming to the day when she had to depart When she left I felt the butcher knife stabbing my heart Without a number to dial, continent near by the Nile she reside at She said she would write, so she could fly back Private airplanes, been a year, letters never came In the short time we were together it never rained Just sun shine when our tongues climbed Each others body, wish I can see you one time, 'cause now (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 Artist: Paid & Live f/ Lauryn Hill Album: All My Time (Maxi Single) Song: All My Time (Mousse-T New Jesery Radio Edit) Typed by: sector9girl@hotmail.com, lolly_dandc@yahoo.com 1 - [Live/Lauryn Hill] (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), okay, that's right Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh, come on, uh) Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), okay, that's right Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh, come on, uh) Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), okay, that's right Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh, come on, uh) Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), okay, that's right Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), yeah, yeah, yeah (Come on, uh) Mmm (Mmm), uh-huh (Uh-huh), okay, that's right Hmm...mmm...yeah... (Come on, uh) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Show me why Paid & Live ain't your average click [Live] Could it be that dude he DKNY As I see his majesty's ebony eyes His clear complexion got me open wide I'm sayin', "Come on, girl, roll with the ride" Allow me to introduce to utilize You need a vibe, I could tell through the eyes If you decide you wanna roll with the real money Live, keep it goin', flowin', you know that we go It's all for the dough and the love for my people N'I mean, come on we could blow this scene We the types to make the nigga wanna drop his team We could force the A/C and let me sack this cream Cruisin' the Garden State as we conversate About big time livin' so we both relate Keepin' it real, honey, if you ain't the one, I can't tell Sincerely yours, protection, A-N-G-E-L [Lauryn Hill - repeat 1 in the background] All my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true [Lauryn Hill {Live}] Well, could it be the dude he's Cartier, I swear There's stares, especially smooth as Syndey Portier Clean cut and dapper, seems he's straight and narrow Tinglin' the bone marrow, team the almighty apparel But I ain't that aggressive, instead I act suggestive Bat my eye lashes right through the sunglasses Sound perfectly with the classic under my dark glasses I'm mouthin' all the words to Blue Magic (You must have put a spell on my mind) With all due respect till you 'pproached it Hand off a the roach clip as I respectfully decline to smoke it Roll get the ice, his demeanor was nice He tried to freak it to my mental, word {Hey, yo', it was an accidental} Yo', his talk was slick, my resume is kinda thick {So let's blow this scene, girl, and check this flick} And show me why Paid & Live ain't your average click {Recognize Paid & Live 'bout to lock this shit} [Lauryn Hill - repeat 1 in the background] All my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true [Lauryn Hill] Yeah, yeah, I know you got a car, but we should keep it in the lot I got a urge to ride the train and do some walkin' in the rain It sounds the same, but meditate it for the brain Plus I like to get to see if you as crazy as you claim [Live] Dope blown, like iceberg, slim and down goin's Uncut, it's all raw, dog, hit me off Paid & Live, baby girl, I'm sayin' this connection Be in through your burrow, territory in section, true I come correct in all my agenda Trump jewels, top gear, and Willie Wear linens No question, I'll show you affection As I proceed to lead your direction [Lauryn Hill] Well, these procedures that you agree to I'm gonna need to know a little bit more about yourself and family Well, who's Paid and who's Live, where you live, what you drive Never did a homicide let our molecules collide And time will tell if you can endure with Nell If you tryin' to knock it down then I'm not the type of girl My mind's a pearl, and I done been around the world But if you righteous, I might just let you spend the night and Tuck me in real tight and watch the fight with Tyson Kiss me on my cheek I got the type of shit to make a nigga fight for weeks Never mess with geeks Well, mister Live I've decided that I like you And if you try to get to know me better I won't fight you [Lauryn Hill - repeat 1 in the background] All my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See all my time [Lauryn Hill - repeat 1 in the background] What Naw, ain't nobody about wastin' my time It's like  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Show me why Paid & Live ain't your average click [Lauryn Hill - repeat 1 in the background] See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true See, all my time It could be spent wit' you So what you gonna do Make sure your game is true The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lauryn Hill f/ St. Francis Choir Album: Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit Soundtrack Song: Joyful, Joyful Typed by: lolly_dandc@yahoo.com [Lauryn] Joyful, joyful Lord we adore Thee God of Glory, Lord of Love Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee Clearly as the sun above Melt the clouds of sin and sadness Drive the dark of doubt away Giver of immortal gladness Fill us with the light Fill us with the light Oh fill us with the light of day *Beat Starts* [Chorus: Choir] Joyful, joyful Lord we adore Thee God of Glory, Lord of Love Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee Clearly as the sun above Melt the clouds of sin, sin and sadness Drive the dark of doubt away Drive it away Giver of immortal gladness Fill us  Fill us with the light of day Light of day [Rapper 1] Check the rhyme Joyful, joyful Lord we adore Thee And in my life I could not afford Thee 'Cos as youngster I came to know That you were the only way to go [Rapper 2] So I had to grow and I come to an understanding And I'm down with the King So no-one comanded You tell me "Who you down with" see All I know is that I'm down with G.O.D You know G.O.D [Choir] Yeah, you know me [Rapper 1] You know G.O.D [Choir] Yeah, you know me [Rapper 2] You know G.O.D [Choir] Yeah, you know me [Rapper 1 & 2] You know G.O.D [Choir] Everybody [Lauryn and Girls] Join the mighty chorus The mighty mighty chorus Which the morning stars become The Father of Love is mighty glorious [Choir] By the way! What have you done for Him lately Ooooh yeah (Oh) What have you done for Him lately He watches over everthing So we sing! [Repeat Chorus by Choir with Lauryn's ad-libs] [Choir with (Girls, Boys, Lauryn's Vocals)] Fill us (Fill us with the light of day Lord, oh fill us) Fill us (Oh we need you yes we do, ooh fill us) Fill us (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Fill us (With the light of day Lord) Fill us (With the light of day Lord) Fill us (With the light of day Lord) Fill us (We need you, we need you to Pray, we need you, need you today) Fill us (We need you I'm gonna say) Fill us (Fill us, fill us, fill us, fills us!) Fill us Fill us with the light of day (Oh yeah) LIGHT OF DAY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joss Stone f/ Lauryn Hill Album: Introducing...Joss Stone Song: Music Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {w/ help from liner notes} Um-hm, um-hm, yeahh... [Joss Stone - Verse 1ne] Nothing in this world, got me like you do baby I'd give up my soul, if I could sing with you daily I'm not the only girl, in love with you, it's crazy I appreciate your groove, now I know I owe everything to you Music - I'm so in love with my  Music - the way you keep me Movin - Ain't nobody doing what you're  Doing, Doing, doing So bring me back to the day when tape decks press play DJ drop the needle 'til the record just break You are my sunlight, you are the one mic That sounds so sweeer 'cause the beat just inspires me, oh [Joss Stone - Verse 2wo] No limit to your mind, your endless love is open To every race and kind, could it be your blood runs golden? Baby, If This World Were Mine We would be singing in the Key of Life When you're gone I can't survive 'Cause I just can't be without my... [Lauryn Hill - Rap Verse] Colors of sounds, scales of beauty Audio scenery, electric love, and rhythmic symmetry Written in memory, beautifully crafted scenery Complex or simplicity, sonic energy Piercing insensitivity Sympathetic poetry, for some even identity Collective entity, something to belong to A source of energy, the possibilities Wave lengths and bandwidths Higher vibration, energizing entire lands with Something to stand with or stand for.. Lovers to walk hand and hand with, then plan for Sanctuary chords, harmony, melodies even riffs can be  Disguised human essence sonically bottled ecstasy or melancholy Agony blues angst, exercising anxieties Fueling entire societies, making economies Stimulating generating, inspiration synonymously Entertaining expression, intangible invisible but undeniable Plays the language of excitement on surv-i-val Some call it tr-i-bal, but perspective is everything Connected to everything, some say collectively everything [Chorus w/ ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Lauryn Hill Album: Freshman Adjustment Song: All Falls Down (Original) Tyepd by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Chorus - w/ Kanye West ad-libs] [Kanye West] Yeah, this the real one baby Uh, Chi town stand up South side, south side We gon' set this party off right West side, west side We gon' set this party off right [Lauryn Hill] Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you all when it all falls down [2x] (Oh when it all) [Verse 1 - Kanye West] Man I promise, she's so self conscious She has no idea what she's doing in college That major that she majored in don't make no money But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny Now, tell me that ain't insecure The concept of school seems so secure Sophmore three years aint picked a career She like fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs Cause her baby daddy don't really care She's so precious with the peer pressure Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus (a Lexus) She had hair so long that it looked like weave Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe Single black female addicted to retail and well [Chorus (w/ Kanye ad-libs)] [Kanye West] Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now? C'mon c'mon, and when it fall's down [Syleena Johnson] Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you all when it all falls down (Oh when it all) [Verse - Kanye West] Man I promise, I'm so self conscious That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches Rollies and Pasha's they done drove me crazy I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace! Then I spent 400 bucks on this Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this! And I can't even go to the grocery store Without some ones that's clean and a shirt with a team It seems we living the american dream But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem The prettiest people do the ugliest things For the road to riches and diamond rings We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us We trying to buy back our 40 acres And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe [Chorus (w/ Kanye ad-libs)] [Kanye West] Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now? C'mon c'mon, and when it fall's down [Lauryn Hill] Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you all when it all falls down (Oh when it all) [Verse - Kanye West] I say fuck the police, thats how I treat em We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom We'll buy a lot of clothes but we don't really need em The things we buy to cover up what's inside Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth That's why shorties holler, "Where the ballers at?" Drug dealers buy Jordans, crackheads buy crack But the white man get paid off of all a dat But I ain't even gon act holier than thou Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou Before I had a house and I'd do it again Cause I wanna be on 106 and Park pushing a Benz I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific I got a problem with spending before I get it We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it [Chorus - to fade (w/ Kanye ad-libs)] [Kanye West] Uh, and when it falls down who you gon' call now? C'mon c'mon, and when it fall's down South side, south side We gon' set this party off right West side, west side We gon' set this party off right Chi-Town, Chi-Town We gon' show em how we get down Hustling ain't easy, it's like a safe belt Save my life, c'mon [Lauryn Hill] Oh when it all, it all falls down I'm telling you all when it all falls down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Zee ft/ Lauryn Hill, Yah Yah Album: Musical Meltdown Song: Stay Gold Typed by: tespid234@yahoo.com (Lauryn Hill) (Chorus) Zee, got down with Lauryn, loooong agooooo (Yeah motherfuckers) Dose status is where we will beeeee (Yeah, yeah), that's where you'll find me Sippin' Martini, my pockets swole Stay Gold (Young Zee) I'll go gold if I just stay true to Newark Get high and dust clicks like embalming fluid My shit is loud when I drop my sound All the angles in the clouds like "turn that shit down" (Lauryn Hill) These dimensions and extensions will secure my future pension When I mention corporate lynchin's like the cowboys did to indians The intentions of the Devil is to cause me hypertension So stay gold like Stevie Wonder don't blunder like OJ Simpson (Young Zee) Yeah, Zee need to battle with the older guys 'Cause all you little niggas get pulverized Yeah, I get ill on funky beats like Jalil Yo posse gonna wind up in Beth Israel Bring yo' fleet You'll get stabbed and beat And stomped out in the streets with my football cleats I make a snake talk, bitch say who is it When I climb up her walls just like number 4 lizard What is this trash I hear? Is it Static, like Jeru and Premiere? Your MC style is way too old I unfold pure funk as long as I stay gold (Chorus) (Young Zee) I be doing 95s in horizons Flyin, lighting up thai while I'm driving Your company's like who the fuck is Zee Cause I be So So Def like Jermaine Dupree (Yah, Yah) It's pure No Brains funks, so get your cams start recording And +Watch how we do this+ like Montel Jordan (Watch how we dooo thiisssss) I use freestyles when I be high on sabbticals On old school rap, I keep trapped in time capsules Outz motherfuckers, serving niggas like butlers Rolling dutches, going sticking in the Cutlass My shit rocks word to Scott La Rock I smoke opts and drink scotch and send my style through a paradox I'm Outz, who ya? NBC outsidaz, this raps raw, plus there's +Moore+ then Mary Tyler (Young Zee) And all the sell out, fake crews that tote pistols I can diss you and I'm only bugging like whistle You sold your soul for a tootsie roll Now you swole cause your LP didn't even go gold I don't let it get next to me I just hang out with my friend like Extra P (Yeah Roots, DU, Ali ...) (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Mya Album: Ghetto Supastar/Bulworth soundtrack Song: Ghetto Superstar (This is What You Are) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [ODB] Man man, look up at the sky All the stars man, the stars is beautiful tonight Look at em! Chorus: Mya Ghetto superstar, that is what you are Comin from afar, reachin for the stars Run away with me, to another place We can rely on each other, uh-huh From one corner, to another, uh-huh [Pras] Uh, yeah, yo, yo Some got, hopes and dreams, we got, ways and means The surpreme dream team, always up with the schemes From hubcaps to sellin raps, name your theme My rise to the top, floatin on this cream Who the hell wanna stop me, I hated those who doubt me A million ReFugees with unlimited warranties Black Ceasar, dating top skeezers Diplomatic legalese, no time for a Visa They just begun, I'ma shoot them one by one Got five sides to me, somethin like a pentagon Strike with the forces of King Solomon Lettin bygones be bygones, and so on, and so on I'ma teach this cat, how to live in the ghetto Keepin it retro-spective from the get go Lay low, let my mind shine like a halo P-P-Politic with ghetto senators on the deelow Chorus [Ol' Dirty Bastard] One two, and you don't stop, yo My eyes is sore, bein a senator Behind closed doors hittin truth to the seafloor The rich go North ignore, the tug of war While the kids are poor, open new and better drug stores So I became hardcore, couldn't take it no more I'ma reveal EVERYTHING, change the law I find myself, walkin the streets Tryin to find what's really goin on in the streets [Pras] Yea, yo, yo, yo Now every dog got his day, needless to say When the chief away that's when them cats want to play I told you, mess around you fools like Cassius Clay Stretch my heater make you do a pas de bourree Kick your balls like Pele, pick em doin ballet Peak like Dante, broader than Broadway Get applause like a matador, cry yellin !Ole! Who the hell wanna save me, from B.K., to Cali Come on Chorus [Pras] Yeah... yo, yeah Just when you thought it was safe in a common place Showcase your finest is losin fast in the horse race Two faced, gettin defaced, out like Scarface Throw your roll money, let me put on my screwface [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Well I'm paranoid at the things I said Wonderin what's the penalty from day to day, I'm hangin out partyin with girls that never die, you see I was pickin on the small fries, my campaign tellin lies Was just spreadin my love, didn't know my love was the one holdin the gun and the glove But it's all good as long as it's understand It's all together now, in the hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood Chorus [Pras] Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh Yeah All Stars, yeah yeah yeah Chorus [ODB] Sing it baby, sing it babyeeeeeeeeee To another, aheoehahahahhhhhhhhh Yeahhhh, heeeee, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Free, The Product Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: What 'Cha Wanna Do Typed by: urbanspacedude@excite.com { } = Pras ( ) = Girl  = Both of them together [ ] = Product or Product member {When the time is right in the heat of the night, right? Right?} [So baby, what you wanna do?] (When you got the buzz and you feelin' the high, right? Uhh.) [So baby, what you wanna do?] {When you standin' in line and your credit decline, yeah ... uhh} [So baby, what you wanna do?] (When you didn't do the crime but you're doin' the time, uhh.) [So baby, what you wanna do-oo-oo-oo?] {Yeah. Yeah, yeah.}  [Wanna do, yeah eh ehhh ehh ehh, yeah ehh ehhh] Verse 1: Pras Yo, yo, yo, yo, once again she's back again Wonderin' when she gonna find life again Makin' runs, stackin' ones, workin'-class citizen, Chosen one of Babylon  Touched for the first time like a virgin {Uh huh} Rap's origin, blast outta Eden {Yeah} Love the way the snake skin wrap around her bared skin Sex on the beach, sippin' on juice and gin Repent just to sin again, it's that yin-yang news bulletin Stuck with being fool ??? Like I imagine I'ma sound like a Gatlin Gettin' rowdy with my crew down in Brooklyn Drinkin' Ginseng, not to mention, where's my hooligan Who find them cats like Benjamin Franklin Shorty perfect 12 on a scale 1 to 10 Whatever, whenever, you can see me like when, yeah, yeah, yeah, uhh... (When you're dead broke, and you can't pay the bills,  uhh, yeah, so what you wanna do? Uhh, yeah) [So baby, what you wanna do?] {When you feelin' horny and you need a cheap thrill. Yeah.} [So baby, what you wanna do-oo-oo-oo?]  [Wanna do, yeah eh ehhh ehh ehh, yeah ehh ehhh] {Yeah. Uhh. Right? C'mon. Feel it.} Verse 2: Free What you gon' do? Uhh, yeah, yeah ... See, all I wanna do is make love on the beach And grab all the things that seem out of my reach {M-hmm} I never had nothin' so there ain't shhh to lose {Uhhh} I refuse to snooze in these Hill Street Blues {Word} It's a full time thing, just tryin' to maintain Even little city girls go insane {Stop it.} Sometimes I wish I could press rewind When the life I live don't seem to be mine If I could fly away, Free be long gone You couldn't pin me down with your zoom lens on I stay macked out, blacked out, stacked out Cats outta order, y'all get smacked out Uhh, nobody moves and nobody gets hurt Nobody interferes when I'm doin' my work Pullin' my skirt, that's a full court violation Y'all better get ready for the full annihilation {Uhh.} [Uhhhhh, oh yeah] {When you think you got a shorty but she's sleepin' with your best friend,  yeah, yeah, yeah} [So baby, what you wanna do?] (When your man is doin' well, but he lackin' dividends, yeah, uhh, mmm) [So baby, what you wanna do-oo-oo-oo?]  (What you wanna do? What you wanna do? What you wanna do?) [Wanna do, yeah eh ehhh ehh ehh, yeah ehh ehhh] (Right. Right. Uhh, uhh, right) [To all the people, light your candles, strugglin' and hustlin' your way, So, this shout out goes to all of the people bein' in every day, day, dayyyy.] {Yeah, yo, yeah, yo ...} [Wave 'em from side to side.] Verse 3: Pras Hey yo, I wanna be in the back of the club, just rub-a-dubblin' While these fake cats be champagne bubblin' Who you lovin', who you huggin' in your time of strugglin'? Two to three job is hard to keep jugglin' Monopoly of hard times, all I got is hard rhymes When I make it out, baby, I'ma keep you in mind Can't stop the shine, can't claim what's mine Comin' up, yeah, I'm in my prime Ready to get this party started Cut this track with diamonds, yeah I'm cold hearted A bloodhound, leavin' you punks dumbfounded, what now? You done F'd up now, wha' what? Look around If anyone asks, I say it's crime related Them cats forgot to learn the Ten Crack Commandments Passin' judgement when you came from the basement So if you say we hot, it's just an understatement (When you in love with yo' man but y'all can't get along, uhh, yeah, yeah) [So baby, what you wanna do?] {You already bought the ring, but the thrill is gone, yeah. Uhh} [So baby, what you wanna do-oo-oo-oo?]  [Wanna do, yeah eh ehhh ehh ehh, yeah ehh ehhh] {Yeah, yeah.} (When your baby's daddy ain't payin' child support,  uhh, yeah, a-what you gonna do? Uhh, yeah.) [So baby, what you wanna do?] {When you think you gettin' off but the jury's been bought, yeah, yeah} [So baby, what you wanna do-oo-oo-oo?]  [Wanna do, yeah eh ehhh ehh ehh, yeah ehh ehhh] {Uh, uh. Uh, uh. Uh, uh. Yeah yeah, yeah yeah.} [Ohhhh, ohhhh, oh ohhhh ohhhhh ohhh.] {Hmm. Yeah. Aaight, that's it.} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Blue Angels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Dirty Cash *echoes* Dirty Cash *echoes* Yeah, uhh [singers] Uhhh! Blue Angels, Blue Angels, Blue Angels! Yo, yo, yo Yo it's the ghetto diplo', bridgin like the Tri-Boro Victory is endless cause we all want a hero Blazing Saddles so stop horsing around From sunup to sundown, it's the world renowned It's hard to be real when them cats are make believe Stop it please, come run wit deez If you can't feel me, then get up and leave Cause I'm automated life flyin, Fate is on her knees Locate the object, pinpoint my movin target Pray for them, and bless em, like Sister Margaret Got more alumni than the grad school of Harvard Beat Street the movie was my all time favorite So can you stand the smell of a black powder My B.I. is 700, horsepower Burnin rubber, break you off somethin proper Love it or not, I'm the man of the hour, yeah [singers] Just when you thought my shine was burnin out Them cats were down and out, in the heat of the night There ain't no problems baby we can't get through You gotta believe in me, and I'll believe in you Uhhh! Blue Angels, Blue Angels, Blue Angels! Yo.. yo, yo, yo Yo she was hot to death, like the story Macbeth When your marked for death it's a matter of life or death I'ma cherish and nourish every single breath When there's no one left, I'ma carry your footprints step by step, walkin through the, twentieth century, eyes on me When the dogs start barkin you must set them free Go in-Between the Sheets just like the Isley's I'ma kill em precisely, indirectly Choose my women wisely, Charlie's Angels got my back as if I was Bosley, bout to get rowdy So pray to Mother Mary, you think this is easy? Be a cold day in Hell before I let you come and get me So stop actin frowsy, that's the one-fifty Holler if you hear me make your move if you ready Dirty Cash, Navy Seals, reppin through your city, what? [singers] Just when you thought my shine was burnin out Them cats were down and out, in the heat of the night There ain't no problems baby we can't get through You gotta believe in me, and I'll believe in you Uhhh! Blue Angels, Blue Angels, Blue Angels! Yo.. yeah, yo, yo Hey yo the way I feel now you cats can drop dead Jump up and spread then take off them threads You heard what I said, don't be misled Navy Seals what? Running over chickenheads Run like I'm a caca, act like a bobaka My ears shoot the street, just to take out the impostor Tomorrow never dies when she reveals her eyes Keep your eyes on the prize, for Pras is the prize Tough guys get penalized, cut down to size It's the one that be witchu that be the true spies Never say never when we can make it together ReFugees are tougher than ever, what? [singers] Just when you thought my shine was burnin out Them cats were down and out, in the heat of the night There ain't no problems baby we can't get through You gotta believe in me, and I'll believe in you Uhhh! Blue Angels, Blue Angels, Blue Angels! [singers] Just when you thought my shine was burnin out Them cats were down and out, in the heat of the night There ain't no problems baby we can't get through You gotta believe in me, and I'll believe in you Uhhh! Blue Angels, Blue Angels, Blue Angels! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Canibus, Free, Lenny Kravitz Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Can't Stop The Shining (Rip Rock pt. 2) Typed by: Tysonchamp@aol.com (Lenny Kravitz on heavy metal guitar riffs) [Free - Verse One] Your minutemen don't stand a chance inside mi casa Even with viagra disband god no may I say nada I used to be naive and dress fresh when I was small Now I line these niggas up against the wall and grab they balls! I like to hear the tone of their voice when it's high pitch! It's the only way to seperate the mens from the bitch! The loyal from the snitch, I dig a ditch when they twitch! Bring 'em to their knees no higher than my hem stitch You trying to verbal me you bound to end up voice lift! You wanna change your plea but now your ass is choiceless I illuminate the atmosphere a million watts strong Before Free like BC your night was weeks long You can't stop my shine, my state of being's too sublime Too refined, too ?significant? to be defined I've got a round and automatic for you mortals out of line See I'm your worst nightmare, I'm striking in the daytime! What?! [Hook] You Can't Stop The Shining You wanna stop the shining? Can't Stop The Shining You Can't Stop The Shining [Pras - Verse Two] Hey yo, My subject matters travels in three different states Gas, liquid, solid-Decelerate your heart rate I duplicate the sound god makes when he farts in space Make you say (indecipherable) Them cats say I'm wicked The way I just kick it The man for the 150, too scientific For you to come and get it Won't you just quit it? Stop all the gimmick, bust it! Hey yo, peep it! Suck the blood out of you diagnose you an enemic Hundred miles runnin', hundred shots gunnin' Ha I just got your catch, yeah you can keep runnin' The impact of the rush will leave you decapitated None reinstated Your style's been deflated You won't quite make it, Dirty Cash just invaded -- yeah! I know you prayed for my downfall Curse all you cats whose down with Babylon You Babylon I'll battle you unto the break of dawn Or better yet 'til we can identify flying aliens! Well I'll be smooth sailing, all you chameleons Mortal beings, what?! Pure earthlings--Yeah! Traveling through the bowels of Brooklyn blood as a hallogen Standing on Flatbush hollering with my hooligans Unify my styles like the Russian and the (indecipherable) I'm platinum plus and you're silver still and... [Hook] [Canibus - Verse Three] Yo, My power to weight ratio makes it capable  for me to carry hundred thousand pound boast radios Fuckin' with the "Can-I", is like stepping on a  live land mine behind enemy lines Military paratroops with camouflage parachutes  in flight suits and boots landing on your roof Eliminate the target is the prime objective I create psychic walls harder than cement is Nobody enters, nobody exits I wreck shit with methods, electric like the Pentagon's fences MC's with the hype-nitis disease are like crack fiends with the hepatitis B vaccine Navy Seal team make a bitch scream Make 'em suck a dick dipped in vaginal cream 'Cause you mothafuckas ain't worth the earth that you walk on You ain't worth the paper plates prisoners eat pork on!  Mothafuckas!!! Rip Rock part two! Yeah-- So what the fuck you wanna do? [hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Most Wanted, The Product G&B Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Get Your Groove On  Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Chorus)  This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (A-get your groove on) Come and get your groove on  (A-get your groove on) (Pras) Refugee Camp, uh-huh Navy Seals, All-stars, come on, come on, come on  (Pras) Yo, yo, yo, so you wanna be startin somethin Not for nothin, but yo, Pras is only good for, steady pumpin  I go bust I'm inflammable yeah, you disgust me  Your flow is horrible, see your man gotta carry you Hyper water balls say no more your words are too cheap  Too affordable, you incapable of runnin your label Goin against my crew is very irrational, improbable  unthinkable, yeah quite impossible So what's your motive, tell me, what's your agenda? Try to slide under my name is all proper beginner  Tackle the crime, run out of time, in the wrong state of the mind  Is a sign of the time, you was quick like Cower Marie Type a kid, slowly for what, his birth I'll drink you like a bloody Mary Why try, you die, black eye, you rough guys  Try to light my fire you get burnt with smoke eyes  (Chorus) This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (Get your groove on) Come and get your groove on  (Get your groove on) And tell my people that's rowdy bout it  In the click about it, about it  Let me see ya scream and shout, a-get your thug on  (Get your thug on) Come on and get your thug on (come on, come on, come on) Everybody come on  Where you been, on tour, niggas get no dumber It's scary; I know exactly what you did last summer  nothin, chilled low (low), do you feel dough? (dough) I mean that real dough (dough) bitches still real slow (slow) You got show dough, go in, split that We'll be gone till November, when y'all niggas get back  Ah, did y'all ever go, ever flow, guess we'll never know A lot of cats talk about it, hoes screamin, whether shows Yo it's crunch time, ya want mine, you hardly know me  But when we blow, you'll catch them off guard like Kobe  Now we did star as Rodies, point shamper would not  Lauryn, we know Tone, with the camper would not  I'm not Puff, but I can stop, best you know Test the flow don't do it, be the next to blow Nigga check your seen my style is fly  Better get her, I'm on point like, Alan Nigh  (Chorus) This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (Get your groove on) Come and get your groove on  (Get your groove on) And tell my people that's rowdy bout it  In the click about it, about it  Let me see ya scream and shout, a-get your thug on  Come on and get your thug on  (Come on, come on, come on) Everybody come on See cats real clever like me bringin the strong  Had a deal for a year, can't write one song Been side too long, your advance picked up  I'm like Kane in 88, I'ma tear sh up  Spitter, six flows average dudes can't stand me  I'm nice and ease state, bringin heat like Miami  You never got to let me flow I still kick it  Never got to light my six, I still whip it Tell your chick not to see me no more, I still hit it  She tossed and committed, player the shot did it  And Mr. Dibbs in it, then leave it alone  Watch me floss all night, no, get your own, what (Chorus) This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (Get your groove on) Come and get your groove on  (Get your groove on) And tell my people that's rowdy bout it  In the click about it, about it  Let me see ya scream and shout, a-get your thug on  (Get your thug on) Come on and get your thug on  Everybody come on (Pras) Yo, yo, yo a lot of people thought I left welcome me back like Carter Play these cats with a vengeance watch them die harder You play your sound; we'll play our louder And stop askin me who the hell the baby's father  Dirty cash countin, my crew never loosin  Shorty on standby, chief four, jet fuelin  Who is to say (say), how many AK's (K) Spread your way, what price you wanna pay? Prices cut, iced seeds, sprinkle on my Rolo Triple threat trio, you take us in the Limo, dig I'm the safest ride I hear, next to the Volvo  Six double-o while you lacin a Pinto No one isn't safe, many had, carry ways I'm fully irate, most ghettos don't want to gate  We play Grammy's you play Ricki Lake Baptizin sinners at the Salt Lake City baby  (Chorus) This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (Get your groove on) Come and get your groove on  (Get your groove on) And tell my people that's rowdy bout it  In the click about it, about it  Let me see ya scream and shout, a-get your thug on  (Get your thug on) Come on and get your thug on (get your thug on) Everybody come on (Pras) Uh, yeah, come on, stop it, stop it  This goes out to all of y'all females and males  Without it, with a job, a-get your groove on  (Pras) To all-them niggas locked down All them real niggas nahmean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Frowsey (Part 2) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Pras) Yeah, uh, yo it's the one that be wit you, that be the true spot  Tellin po-po I carry gun on my side  Pullin me other with my shorties in my ride But my man in the joint got connects from this side  Lawyer bring a hundred times as well as twenty-five  These the type of cats that celebrated few words or die Smile in your face; tell your kind of lies  Wanna come and be wit you just for an alibi I'm meant to eat wit you, sleep wit you  Get a couple of shorties, and come freak wit you  Set you up to gear right, then go and beef wit you If they couldn't sell your story on a pay-per view  Want me the copper please, who I put... felony Snitch all my homies so they set me free And fore I'll be a rat I rot in the whole fam Refugees in the game never give up the man (Chorus: Pras) It's the one that be wit you, creep and eat wit you Actin powsey, powsey but they (frowsey) It's the one that come around givin you all the pound  Being loud and rowdy but they... (Stop actin) frowsey (You think you fresh but you) frowsey  (Your own Mom think you) frowsey  (Uh) uh (uh)... frowsey  (Pras)  I'm callin everybody name in this here rap game Frontin ass cats tryin to be around the fame You know who the f you are, the ones with no shame  Always complain, while somethin, never to blame Foxy individuals, them cruddy ass criminals  Come around and try to f... around with my decimals  I got a big burette that gets no better  If you want some trouble then look no further If I'm poor I'll make a vocal, Meguan murder So God so help me please control my temper Fleas must please, say the word true indeed  With friends like these yeah, you don't need enemies  Informers wanna loose, take your notes Before you see me drove I'll let the gun smoke Love to sit back and watch them get blast  Ingrave my name on they ass, Dirty Cash (Chorus: Pras) It's the one that be wit you, creep and eat wit you Actin powsey, powsey but they (so) It's the one that come around givin you all the pound  Being loud and rowdy but they... (Stop actin) frowsey (You think you fresh but you) frowsey  (Your own Mom think you) frowsey  (Uh) uh (uh) uh (Interlude) Keep it movin (frowsey) Yo that sounds some cheap frowsey to me man How can... how can you bleepin deal with me like that man? Yo, just actin so frowsey (stop it) Why you doin this to me man? (*Man speaking over Pras*) (Pras) It's the one that be wit you, creep and eat wit you Actin powsey, powsey but they (frowsey) It's the one... (Give you the money you want) Stop it (are you scared of frowsey?) why you doin that? (Stop it) (Yo stop actin) frowsey  (You think you fresh but you) frowsey (Your own Mom think you) frowsey Uh (uh)  (Pras) Yo, yo, yo keep it movin It's the one that be wit you, creep and eat wit you Actin powsey, powsey but they (frowsey) It's the one that come around givin you all the pound  Getting loud and rowdy but they... (Stop actin) frowsey (You think you fresh but you) frowsey  (Your own Mom think you) frowsey  (Uh, uh) keep it movin, keep it movin It's the one that be wit you, creep and eat wit you Actin powsey, powsey but they (frowsey) It's the one that come around givin you all the pound  Getting loud and rowdy but they... (Stop actin) frowsey (You think you fresh but you) frowsey  (Your own Mom think you) frowsey  (Uh) uh (uh) come on, keep it movin Frowsey, frowsey, frowsey, frowsey, frowsey, frowsey, frowsey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: For the Love of This Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Pras) Uh, yeah Yo, yo, yo it's so amazin how I be blazin  from the four seasons to you at the days in  Where you lay at on the cages?  I comin with a cannon, two guns blazin, purple hazin My shine can be appraised, my tongue radiate  orchard violent rays, why you stower in the off broke and paid  Singin your heart out, oh happy days, I'm movin on up Damn, I wish I had it made, ran on your parade make you exchange at the word trade  Dig son, your whole couldn't add up to my half  I'll count your funds yeah, like third grade math  Blast to your path every mornin I break flags Dirty cash always find a way to get stash  From Italy to the deepest alley up to the highest mountains of the Himalayas I put that on a stack of bibles so I stack a prayers  Yo democrat block, must get shot  Believe me not go ask Pac Prodock  Scream on the crew when you don't know how  Shiver liner got, rhymes in every single cloud, cause what (Chorus: Pras) For the love of this, I give my life a diss And for the love of this, I send my last wish  For the sake of hip-hop, will you never stop? You see I will do anything but I won't do that (Sniff Coke) won't do that (slang dope) can't do that  (Get out the car) shouldn't do that (take off your rope) why do that? (Feel the gun smoke bloaw!) Do you hear me baby  (Pras) Yo, I got no life to spare, no time to bear No TL care, I'm single like a stair  I can feel it in the air comin everywhere Twenty years from now, I'm gonna be a billionaire Red for the on the island M-I sicky underwear Leavin all the BS elsewhere, I swear Black you out make you see the boat like Noah  There's nothin here for y'all, glasses like Coca-Cola  Mix-a-Mack make em see there's not enough buildings  Not ever since when I drop by these flash un a peepin No reef thugin more caffeine than tryin Spread the love yeah to all my beloved  High speed chasin, low pro pursue  Black shoes important, soldiers come Bay Root  So look to my troops and the stolen Coupes Here's the gun don't talk about it, just get up and shoot (stop it) Hold up son, let me set up the pace  I'm that cattle in the race on the Human Race  Don't call me Human, call me Lou-man  Like par, move your record company under ?You-Hah? Family business FR to snitches I'm down with M.O.B. yeah Money over Bitches  (Chorus: Pras) For the love of this, I give my life a diss And for the love of this, I send my last wish  For the sake of hip-hop, will you never stop? You see I will do anything but I won't do that (Pras) For the love of this I'll paint myself green  Within myself in the Corrine, Pras Most Wanted  Last seen with Sister Morphine Scuba Diving with the Navy Seals in the Yellow Submarine  Headed for, the Philippines, microphone fiend with are regain green It burns when I eat tangerine, wash it down with a cup of Gasoline Burn into flames, like your actress said Ilene  Supreme Dream Team, musical machine, money makin machine Walk through the Desert butt-naked with a inch of canteen  Slappin it, rapper'll be like nah mean? Got nothin but a piggy in a tree, to what I shoot and some washed out jeans Headin for the stars word, word to God  Watchin every move placin all my cards  The game'll soon come like the aliens  Everybody runnin, sayin that's the one  (Chorus: Pras) For the love of this, I give my life a diss And for the love of this, I send my last wish  For the sake of hip-hop, will you never stop? You see I will do anything but I won't do that (I sell Crack) won't do that (peel on your back) can't do that  (Here comes the Gat) shouldn't do that (if you wanna lay flat) why do that? (Pras) Yo, come on, do you hear me baby (hear me baby) Uh, uh, uh, Navy Seals y'all, Refugee Camp what, what You better stop it, punk, stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it HA! 98-99, yeah, yeah, (*Dirty said several times*) Cash haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Most Wanted, The Product G&B Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Wha' What Wha' What Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Pras) Uh, yeah, huh, yeah Yo, yo, yo, I'll do a double dish cleaner  The funny ass cats remind me of a skinner Now you listen up, now what, heat on spitter A renegade with my blade watch you get cut up Sucker ass punk, you used to get beat up  Type of dude that'll smoke your weed up and eat up Hold up, surrender your squad, it's a stick up Fifty-two pickup, you high school drop-out, gives you enough float  To succeed or get tighter, what up, your block, get up  Shut up, or put up I'ma bout to let up  Licky, licky here, two shots you gone lick up  Take her to the news under: You should've eased up Wha' What Wha' you got me fed up, get up or shut the f up  You done f'ed up, 8 or 9 enough even if she has seven runner up Like the fans, like your thumbs up, what up? I make them bowl like Shopper Ranks  I'm the Captain of the Ship, make them cats walk the plank  What the f you think I'm point, point blank Turn off my sound niggas, let... crank  (Chorus w/variations) East Side where you at, where you at? West Side throw it up, throw it up North Side where you at, where you at? South Side throw it up, throw it up See, blaze me above the game with no limit Niggas nowadays can slick and pull gimmicks  Cowber use roly well iced that been in it  Mines is loose rocks and the Beverly spin in it  Only place tin linid they cost a lot  When no money on the game you sure talk a lot  Never like a nigga car, you walk a lot  See I make cream a lot, while you niggas dream a lot  Can't you see it's all real, bras want to do me  Get it attached to me like I'm starrin in movies  Nigga Nor wanna do me, thing is I got none  Wanna be my main chick, chill I got one  If it's hot in a lady then I can cop some Most players all fall, tightly tint See me fly through the window cause it's lightly tint  But its strongly minute got a fall so cats frequent Hate weed peepin, best cats seekin Wanna kill me in the daytime, look it won't happen  You ain't a thug nigga this is some girls is rap, what (Yeah you don't won't no problem) (Chorus w/variations) East Side where you at, where you at? West Side throw it up, throw it up North Side where you at, where you at? South Side throw it up, throw it up Yo my M-O is S-O-L-O... hello Shake like Jello bionics and nice fellow  Long hair, pussy's and pussy head too In a room with the doctor, how the hell I stop ya? The Rolex topper long as ya coppin them yo  It means it's copper, don't need to stop ya  When I'm speakin opera, which y'all don't understand  That it's my channel Boo-Bionic mister man Why y'all play Tennis we sway inventists So our house can finish, wait a minute  Change the color of my whips, despite you bastards  Spit it green-cold on it, like you won the masters  Flow... faster, speed it up, heat it up why don't y'all just heat it up  Spit it on some feeder bust, slow it up, make the beat that we blow it up  Ya niggaz ain't mine, better pray you throw it up  (Chorus w/variations) East Side where you at, where you at? West Side throw it up, throw it up North Side where you at, where you at? South Side throw it up, throw it up Now... (Pras) Yo I keep my mind on my riches snitches get snitches  Cats on the low they all act like bitches  So what up, where you at with the nine-sin? Feel my triples please circle the violence  Let me abolish this sh... like Nat Turner  Drop by Tom Warner, peace to my crooked cop killers  with the six shooter while fake niggaz getting drunk off of wine coolers Yo, uh... Yo she big on the game it's broke I wanna fix it  Make hot... and get that down, we remix it  He speakin, here we go your beef is nice I'm from the gutter mother... best you think twice  Now back to who's nice M-O-S-T-W-A-N-T-E-D You niggaz can't see me I'm glad that you turn  Poke that out of space shit, I bring you back to Earth, what  (Chorus w/ varaiations) East Side where you at, where you at? West Side throw it up, throw it up North Side where you at, where you at? South Side throw it up, throw it up East Side where you at, where you at? West Side throw it up, throw it up North Side where you at, where you at? South Side throw it up, throw it up (*Wha, Wha, Wha... echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Most Wanted, The Product G&B Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Lowriders Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Chorus) Lowriders, we'll shove your lighters To all my soldiers, the street fighters  We want no murder without your fire  Lowriders we're getting higher (*Yeah being said several times*) (Pras) What, Wah! What, what, what What, what... Yo, yo stop holdin my things you got, not  We're hot and you're not (yeah) We roll our hard rocks, sling cats with sling shots Come on (big cats they eat got) this... we got, lot (Due plan and due glock) drop dead and go Rock  (What have and what now) who niggas who run the block  Catchin you up in the barbershop, seein you on a mountain top  Getting dropped and getting popped, you talk a lot, lot Laugh, rap a lot, lot sell the reefa to them kids Like a salesman on a car lot I hold my own weight  Like the skill I've tried to tip my skills but it falls it out  Do like the Blazer (????) on trail Praswell, rock well Tryin to make a hood rat do well, something's up like Maxwell (Wah!)  (Chorus) Lowriders, we'll shove your lighters To all my soldiers, the street fighters  We want no murder without your fire  Lowriders we're getting higher So you wanna be a player? We can do it up a layer, shoot and listen to Joe  Now feel the blow you don't be a player no more  Like the same thing said Eat your hoe Like Jane without your name, bring cause the name is nice  And the fame going in tight, I get hit from Frigga Love Terega, good type of trickin ass nigga, got a name with price  And the tint is big, (I'm on the eighteen) Mack 11 grown  The space is bigger than your dome, hit you like (Chaperone) This mag is on, let me rock on, (crack of dawn)  Now bag to home towards Texas, (bought a new Lexus)  And it goes Shane Green, can't be a nigga whole scene with the walkin cream  (Drop a dollar bill y'all), causin team, most illin team It's a nineteen bionic eighteen, to the eighteen makin that cream, checkin that cream Cause the walls can tangle when y'all die, so gotta do with Charlie's angel  Cause ya down with me this man ain't... with those, a pose yes's take no's  Cause ya got us some clothes and those what I hate cause the... shows Its cool cats y'all rip the moves pull out the Tech here, don't... knows Got something y'all tryin to see six of those  Y'all really see women I'm sick of... (Pras) What, Wah! What, Wah! Y'all foes move I heat it up I'm high of life now heat it up You niggaz get stuck for your dough and grips  See Mister don't care who you go against Cause half of them niggas you rollin with they hear my name and call it quits  Had them niggas wanderin if I'm gonna come with the guns again See ammo die with A&M with game on lock at seven and  Made them stop there rappin when which you show this clappin end Hoes wanted Praswell, hate on us, might as well Back and against got clientele why you studio gangster's lyin well  Mad we be, E&T, MTV you endin me Peter stand back cause they're love to hate y'all Cause we swell like Tony Draper, wish one more totin by the vapors  I'ma bout to treat y'all by the capers, high em, pull em how it's done ... with the Camp, we number one, what, what, what  (Chorus) Lowriders, we'll shove your lighters To all my soldiers, the street fighters  We want no murder without your fire  Lowriders we're getting higher Yo, yo I sold a hundred carriers while I was sleppin, creepin, twelve o' peepin  Leapin, Quantum, usual like my ton of money can be where I'm from  ET bon, number one, come along, pass it on, Brooklyn True rappers and is why you front on finders  No one is see why they feel so free yo Refugee can on Her life or knots, more cuffs than crooked cops  I ran with a full style boat deed, who you with, then go again I spit brace when you crash your wigs, speculate a part...  Listen, test your full clip don't like getting... We on top you ride in the pit, money to make, titles to take Hurry up fore it be too late yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhh! (Chorus) Lowriders, we'll shove your lighters To all my soldiers, the street fighters  We want no murder without your fire  Lowriders we're getting higher  Lowriders, we'll shove your lighters To all my soldiers, the street fighters  We want no murder without your fire  Lowriders we're getting higher The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Mack 10, Reptile Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Yeah 'Eh Yeah 'Eh Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Mack 10) Yo, Mack 10 (dirty cash, Reptile) It's always good to have a little change  in your life ain't that right Pras? (That's right baby) Yo, hahaha that's right well let me run it, check it  (Mack 10) We do things and hood bangers, g's as we are  Well even Mack can do a bar with a Refugee All-star Pras dance round the border like he Cassius Clay While I press round the hood with a big AK Stay fresh and unpredictable, they thought they knew me  They say; how can a thug from Cali bust with a Fugee? Cause I write and make... ignite, easy on the treble Now turn the bass up and check my Mic level As I get down, let mama peekin, but ain't speakin I guess a gang-bang thug... got baby tweakin  Said your outfit is tight, it's my favorite color Red And plus your little black... is cute with your dreads Bet you ain't never had a nigga that roll a six-fo Hit a switch and then hop into a six double-o You know, street niggas make the game twice as nice  So add a little spice and put a thug in your life (Chorus w/variations) Weeeeeee... We got dirty cash for weed yeah, yeah Something for the streets, for all my thugs and freaks yeah, yeah You, oooo, you You better get up of your... From a hooter, Alcatraz  Ain't no tellin where you might get blast yeah, yeah (Pras) Yes, yes y'all (yes y'all) it's dirty cash y'all (cash y'all) From the East to the West I manifest y'all Doin interviews with Harper Bazaar, how bizarre You're sit back smokin big Cuban cigars  Yo, fly guys want getting jackin and fly cars  If it's up to me, you'll get blast when the hole pars Thus far, no one can spar with my little troth from the flat bush I'll rip y'all and bust your show to Crenshaw Flowin with Pras and some splash down to Jamaica Meet you at the shock bar, Alas se enica Place your bet yo pay your debt  You cats with the fake crepes, I'll bust you with my Twin-Tack For talkin out the side of your neck, aiyyo check We can showdown and lowdown when I'm sunset  Make your move cowboy this ain't Hollywood  You got the business's in the hood, INGLEWOOD! (Chorus w/variations) Weeeeeee... We got dirty cash for weed yeah, yeah Something for the streets, for all my thugs and freaks yeah, yeah You, oooo, you You better get up of your... From a hooter, Alcatraz  Ain't no tellin where you might get blast yeah, yeah (Reptile) Would wise in ninety dance hall, bounce to this  Hip-hoppers with the dress, smoke an ounce to this  I spin hits, lyrically swift, speakin of business  Reptile, formerly know, Jersey delinquent Nasty son of a gun, give up the funds  We come down hard like hundred-twenty tons  Refugee Camp, pumpin out the thousand watt amps  Created more than the monster like the Loch Ness All hell's about to break when I'm loose  Tacklin, like Gorilla Monsoon naggin you like Mom Dukes And get a haircut; we put you niggas in a bear hug I dare thugs, tellin niggas do it like Nike Air slugs  Take a death dive into the wilderness  We got you feelin this, to the point your man wanna kill us  But we ain't laughin, we blackin, rushin, attackin  Loaded with dirty cash and a Mack 10 (*echoes*) (Chorus w/variations) Weeeeeee... We got dirty cash for weed yeah, yeah Something for the streets, for all my thugs and freaks yeah, yeah You, oooo, you You better get up of your... From a hooter, Alcatraz  Ain't no tellin where you might get blast yeah, yeah (Outro: Reptile) Come on, come on, blow the smoke in the air And puff, puff like you just don't care  Come on, come on, blow the smoke in the air And puff, puff like you just don't care Yeah what, what, blow the smoke in the air And puff, puff like you just don't care I said blow the smoke (blow the smoke) Blow the smoke and puff, puff like you just don't care (Pras) Uh, yeah, yeah, party people The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras  Album: Ghetto Supastar Song: Murder Dem Typed by: urbanspacedude@excite.com Intro: Heh, yeah. Aaight. Just count me up in here, aaight? Yeah. Uhh. Uhh. Uhh. Verse 1 First and foremost let's distinguish the boys from the men The start to a end, a foe from a friend Who next of kin when I bust this iron across yo' chin, nigga? Let me extend payments due on your arrangements Turn on the news, nigga, listen to the latest development Extra extra, read all about it Master Pras always Bout-It-Bout-It Bring tears to your fears when I shout it, shout it ??? believe, though he doubt it, doubt it Yeah, what's all the fussin' and bickerin' for Yeah, few shots up your ass, hear from you no more For sure you belong with an M-16 Stand in front of the door, that you just can't ignore Go figure. Hit the floor, nigga Random shots - run for your life, nigga This goes for my niggas who gets no bigger Sweat on your forehead, let's see who pull quicker Chorus: Yeah, murder dem. Murder dem. In a, competition me go, murder dem. Wha' what, follow dem. Hm. Follow dem.  In this, situation me no, follow dem when me gone. All pussi haffi run when me gun. All cowards haffi run when me gun.  No man haffi come 'cause we, murder dem. Hm. Murder dem. Verse 2 I'm livin' on danger's ground, where the danger's mine Hold firm, stand strong, 'bout to blow like land mine Never mind, draw, reach for yours, I'ma go for mine Leave you paralyzed with a broken spine They seize and they shrine in the line of fire Retreat, recline, from all firearm Ring the alarm, bring the bomb squad, word to God Got your number, nigga, watch I'll pull your cord Pardon me, sincerely yours Down by law, out to settle the scores Haters shoutin', "No, he can't be no more!" Parasite, leachin' down, rottin' to the core Cash rule, jewels cool, drown in my whirlpool 'Scuse my rudeness, rudeboy from Providence These fists of fear remain to be fearless Move like flyin' ??, full automation Pumpin' carbon monoxide through your blood circulation Separate these facts like segregation Trial and tribulation, high expectation The brigade shut off, backs seen me run off Cagein' with Nicholas, it's a face-off What? Yeah! Hah, mmm! Chorus Verse 3 In case you didn't know, it's the P-R-A-S Got strategies like playing chess Penetrate through your flesh, yes, hit me with your best Got issues to address, nonetheless Checkmate, only makin' moves with my playmate Prakazrel is Pras when it's abbreviate My puncture is accurate, nigga you dead weight Dislocate every bone in your body Then sit back and evaluate Every mental ?? process is isolate Preception is clear with my steel, I should demonstrate You were last seen gettin' head from a drag queen Come clean, nigga what, with an 18 The supreme dream team, cash rule and CREAM While your body lies up in the ??? What, yeah, wha'what, wha'what, hahh! Chorus Hmm. Uh huh uh huh. Refugee Camp All-Stars. Uh huh. Uh huh uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Win Lose or Draw Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hey, hey {*repeat 2X*} [Intro 2X: Pras Michel] Cause my style, as old as the reptile As slick as a Nu Nile, as new as the new child Hey, hey {*repeat 2X*} [Pras Michel] Now there's a million motherfuckers wanna see me die I got a million motherfuckers that'll see you try And you never seen a man die 'til you see a man cry You can run but can't hide, step aside you must be blind If you don't see this year is solely mine There's no rumors, you heard it through the grapevine I'm that cat with 9 lives, done had 9 wives 'Member ReFugees started in the nine-five Had my ups and downs, yeah my highs and lows Niggaz tried to say I didn't fit the status quo Rapper's dough come and go like the wind blow But I'm here from the walls to the window Failure's not an option, my gun's in motion Broke the silence, a word's been spoken I ain't scared homey, I'ma right my left Cause when you conquer your fear, you conquer death; aiyyo [Chorus 2X: Pras Michel] Dance if you want to, and if you want Bust bust if you want, talk tough what'chu wan' do Aiyyo I been through it all, winter spring summer fall I'm still standin tall, win lose or draw [Pras Michel] Temper, my dear, it's a dance for a temper, alright now Fever, my God, it's a dance pon' de fever, c'mon now You see a little of this, a little of that Listen to my voice through the spearbox she says (A little of this, a little of that) (I don't wanna I don't wanna ever stop) You went from bein a friend to foe, a friend to threat I'm big green on you like that dude from Shrek Cause one for my niggaz, now dos for doze Check your friends by your side even close you're foes Now check; this world of mine I'm a blind man doin time Look to my future cause my past is all behind I got lots to gain to rhyme about Anyone in the game keep my name up out'cha mouth You little monkeys be gettin robbed I see you when you over there talkin tough wit'cha bus card I'm gettin money, I'm with the stars I keep a loose deuce-deuce just to even the odds, ya heard? For my niggaz I'm grateful, and somehow We gonna make it together it's my time now Sir Pras, I stay distinguished A loose slang mixed with a little Olde English; aiyyo [Pras] Aiyyo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Light My Fire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo (uh, what, yo, uh-huh) ha, yeah yeah Yeah, eh-heh, alright (mmm, uh, uhhh) Good morning light my fire baby woo; woo, woo! Ohhh-oh-ohhhh, girl you make me feel fine (Yeah, uhh, ha ha) Dan-na-dah-doo-doo-dah! Ohh-oh-ohhhh Dan-na-dah-doo-doo-dah! [Pras Michel] Well I was born a mixed breed, a planted seed Mixed with some weed and a lil' bit of Hennessy When I bleed, I love to believe that a friend in need is a friend indeed Where da bumba claat, where da bumba ras Forget me not, dem know a Super Pras Blueberry don't start no fight Sean Paul tell 'em pass the light Eighty bars but your 16 ain't worth the spit Money cars and fame is that all you get? Pride and respect in the street, that's not all I got Silly boy come test, cause dem wield de shot Seckle de violence, bad boy move in silence Give them some guidance, they need to see the science (Fire that's richer than ??) Well speak up And through your minutes of fame I kept my FEET up [Chorus: Pras Michel + female] C'mon and light my fire, babyyy, ohh-oh-ohhhh Kiss the sun let's get higher, hi-ii-iiigh They don't think we're gonna make it, ohh-oh-ohhhh But the world let's just take it, hi-ii-iiigh [Pras Michel] Well I was often told I was off my road Never sold my soul for the glitter of gold Let the truth be told, I made the mold 23 years old, 20 million sold Y'all dream of half-a-mill, lookin for your next meal Ask the guerillas, I signed my own deal Movies, clothing, ma I'm so ill Mash up the dancefloor (yo Pras chill!) Man SECKLE, I'm bumpin like a kettle {*whistle*} You don't hear the sound bustin your vessel? {Brrap!} And for my enemies, scope 'em like the Kennedy's You think I'm lyin? Go and ask the ReFugees [Pras Michel] 40 days 40 nights I was off the scene Cocked back my style with a gangsta lean Kept my ears to the streets and my hands been clean Servin rice and beans while I plot and scheme Back by the 18, we buffalo soldiers Rude bwoy run 'way, I thought I told ya Guns too big to fight in a holster Still stay true to my roots and culture When we comin rushin in best be afraid We take a flag when we march in our parade Brooklyn, Trini, Jamaican, Haitian We built to rule like United Nation Still Pras fat hooks I'm no Nas Type bars through wars ain't no scars Took the pilgramage to conquer Rome Dethroned Caesar, guerillas now they're home, ba-by! [female ad libs while Pras talks] Yeah, guerillas baby, you don't see us comin Brrap, brrap, lights out, ah-heh-heh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel f/ Sharli McQueen Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Haven't Found Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sharli McQueen] What I wanna do Uhh, uhh, one two one two c'mon One two one two c'mon Yo, c'mon, yo Movin around the world and daydream of days that money brings Chasin material assumin that it's happiness inside You think that you could buy a better life, no matter the price But you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr Haven't found what you're lookin for [Pras Michel] Yo it's official now, I'm your, freedom fighter If you feelin what I'm feelin people, put up your lighters yeah Get in my cypher yeah, get in the grind And I won't stop rockin through the world seen the shine Because I been many places, seen many faces Shook many hands and mixed with many races From nowhere to Bombay, did it my way Got my style from the ghetto, took it straight to Broadway Spit these bars cause in the hood I'm the instrument Been around the world I stepped on seven continents (that's right y'all) 20 millions later, I settled the score They got money for war but can't feed the poor [Sharli McQueen] And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr One two one two one two c'mon I'm stayin love you, but you don't notice me (c'mon) Diamonds and fancy cars, female celebrities all the time You give away the things you say was mine, chasin the shine But you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr Yo, haven't found what you're lookin for [Pras Michel] We gotta, make a move, by any means necessary From January and January to January Look out my window it's a robbery People still put they ones in the lottery Big fish always try to eat the small fish They do anything just to get their last wish War in the East, there's war in the West War down South I stay war 'pon the rest As it's been said, let it be done And there's nothing new underneath the sun So we preserve what's destined to come And share our thoughts and blessings with our daughters and sons [Sharli McQueen] And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr And you stillllll, haven't found, what you're lookin forrrrrrrr Haven't found what you're lookin for [Pras] Guerilla baby! [Sharli McQueen] Haven't found, oh no no no [Pras] Ah, yeah, alright What, what, guerillas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Mistakes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What's life without you baby I know I made a lot of mistakes And I ask you for forgiveness And if lovin you is a crime, then I plead guilty [Chorus 2X: Pras Michel] (1) Hey yo I made my mistakes, and real talk is (2) Made my mistakes, and real talk is This time I gotta do whatever it takes cause I {"hear you call"} and I ain't leavin without you Goin nowhere, yeah, I'm standin right here [Pras Michel] I need you more than ever before, girl for sure You know, it's all fair in, love and war Through, health and sickness, rich or poor Yeah life never seem to tell us what it has in store But you're my angel in the mornin when the rain falls At my beck and call whether I ball or stall Never intimidated, we can make reservations Polly 'bout Revelations... Get deep like subway stations, you love the conversation You love this nappy-haired, natural born Haitian Check it, make you feel good like Dr. Feelgood Party in the hood baby, it's all good Never mind that, forget 'bout the small talk Let's conjure up some thoughts, and take a short walk Up the driveway, straight to my crib Commitin sex crime and the kids'll be the bid [Pras Michel] I'm just a, simple man, can't you, understand If you know like I know you know I got a master plan Ice up that finger with this, wedding band Now our bank card reads Mr. and Mrs. Geechy Dan Share wit'chu, my life of sin Scripted with this liquid pen, come again Mighta lost a couple battles but this war we win Even though our enemies baby lies within Wit'chu by my side I got nothin to lose You and I against the world, what the hell we got to prove? Unconditional love, let's swing an episode I'm stocked up and my mojo is overload I adore you baby, from head to toe And you know my style is so unbelievable But I've made my mistakes and I do realize Please listen babycakes cause I do apologize [Pras Michel] I like to, greet the sun, and walk among the stars Watch you from afar even though men are from Mars The way I treated you and made your life so hard Can't really express it all in 48 bars Cause sometimes in life we all have pain and sorrow Wit'chu by my side I look forward to tomorrow I give you everything I own, you shelter me You taught me how to cry, baby you set me free I know love don't love nobody If that's to be true don't rain on this party We'll bang all night to kill the sunrise I'm the first one you see when you open your eyes When it's all said and done girl you're my soulmate I made some mistakes, hope I'm not too late From the bottom of my heart hope my light shines through Like Donny Hathaway I wrote this song for you, ju know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel f/ Akon Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Mr. Martin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Akon] Convicts, it's the convicts Testing one two three, we come [Chorus: Akon] I said call Mr. Martin, tell 'im to build a coffin Today is death season, a hundred MC's a get murderin I said call Mr. Martin, tell 'im to build a coffin Today is death season, a hundred soundbwoys a get murderin, yeah Lay flat, lay flat, lay flat, lay flat Came with a full clip I got one shot left Everybody lay flat, lay flat, lay flat, lay flat Came with a full clip I got one shot left [Pras Michel] Everytime I BREATHE I feel like they're killin me It seems death my only way to my destiny You see crazy the bwoy that go against my rap I'm like Moses when I strike down my staff See my wordplay, is like arts and craft And my gunplay will blast any Babylon in my path Win lose or draw, the bloodiest bath Fifth to the fist is the cruddiest jab Ever seen, pocket stays ever green Like Christmas trees I dismiss these Fool slide, close my eyes, lead the blind Decapitate you, ease your mind Haitian homes, lethal lines, it's my time, to shine I resurrect like Lazareth Baby I'ma cancel death Got to survive in this main maniac depression Fuck y'all, 'scuse my expression [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Akon] Ticky ticky tock on my golden hen She layin next to this gentlemen Sometimes glock 9, sometimes mac-10 Hooooo... You see whenever she lay down she cock an alarm Cock cock cock, cock me lay down Time to lay low (time to lay low) Time to lay low (time to lay low) Tick-a-tick-a-tock, tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tock Tick-a-tick-a-tock, tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tick-a-tock Let me tell 'em, yo [Pras Michel] Aiyyo this life ain't for livin it's for, fightin wars No matter what the truth is, hold on to what's yours Never forget the day they crucified Jesus Christ And the day they turned their backs on the civil rights Lyrically, we trained to assass' y'all Stash flat irons, thinner than plasmas Cardiac arrest, give a big man asthma Run for ya life if you think you got stamina Caught an ounce of lead, watch how Babylon spreads You know the type that'll run to the feds Never ran, never real cop Port-au-Prince It's an avalanche, homey you don't stand a chance ... ants in your pants You wanna rock, these bullets'll make you dance Homies thought I'd be driven away in a black hearse But the first shall be last, the last be first [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: One Monkey Don't Stop the Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [10 second instrumental to open] [Chorus: Pras Michel] He who fights, runs away, lives to fight, ohhhhh Another day, some would say, one monkey don't stop a show He who fights, runs away, lives to fight, ohhhhh Or he'll fight, one more day, one monkey don't stop a show [Pras Michel] Aiyyo the ghetto's red hot, hotter than the summer day Goin on a quest to the thick Milky Way Walk many miles like my man Isaac Hayes Wheel up, wheel up, don't start the gunplay Easy with the feezy let the boy down easy Keep the hands clean so I won't get the greasy Believe me moms said there'd be days like this Where they'll, spit in your face and, take a piss Betray the son of man with a, double kiss But you a shootin star and you'll, never miss Cause life ones big road with lots of signs So when you ridin through them rocks don't complicate your mind And I have learned, every rose has a thorn And every cowboy sings a sad sad song And the playback's long and you may lay back long But if you don't watch your back 'til November you'll be gone [Pras Michel] Aiyyo ambush in the night, guns pointed at me Square me off, dey open fire on me But Lord knows one monkey won't stop the show Six feet under, baby kissed me from head to toe Can't keep a good man down, y'all know how the story goes I suppose there's no difference between friend or foe My nigga Frank Sneed said what's known need not be said I'm a man on the run and they all want me dead Monkeys on my back with a bounty on my head But I got nuttin but love homey, let's break some bread You see I been accused, of many a-things Like the real hip-hop and the fame it brings Respected, I'm connected From the bottom to the top of the food chain I'm real bank money, mentally you're loose change I do thangs; while y'all get tied up like shoestrings [Pras Michel] Sometimes I feel like my vision's, been distorted And my cry for help, has been prerecorded Lord don't abandon me to the will of my foes When the time comes, only you know my highs and lows So help me surf over all my daily troubles Cause yesterday seems so far away in bubbles I pray to you Lord, and ask for forgiveness Even when my heart is hard and the soul is restless See I love few, and I can't trust none So this time around I'ma load up the guns Hope my enemies don't become, prisoners of war Cause my gangster is mean and I'm back for an encore I'ma take what's mine and give nothin back When I move with my niggaz I'm the leader of the pack Feet, please don't, fail me now I'm on a journey, and I gotta cover these grounds The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: Ghetto Politics Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pras Michel] Pine, boxes, nine, oxes Unidentified, flying objects Crime, doctors, slime, coppers Niggaz that can't get out man they locked up [Pras Michel] Criminal, minded, you've been blinded Justice for all (c'mon) help me find it Please we'll wind it, get in the hole and start to grind it, who's behind it Big brother got us spread like an atlas Powerless in fear that leads to paralysis Now when I speak, do your psycho-nalysis And those recordin Wonderland like Alice's Y'all don't know about guerilla warfare Kids in Haiti, trapped with the hardware Wear them by the pair while playin truth or dare Prisoners of war worse than the terror scare This is the jungle we live in, this is the concrete I call you pussy cause you are what you eat, homey It's the art of war homes they play for keeps So you still think that gangster shit is sweet? [Chorus] - repeat 2X [uncredited guest rapper] Remember when you had a lot, yeah it was yours for sure But we fight back, and ain't takin your shit no more So raw, my four-four's leave a couple bent The government talk shit, hand 'em a Doublemint You fuckin with me? I see you like a jewel With the terrorist my nigga, diesel like the fuel Step up smash your team, throw matches at your head Quarters after we bathe it in gasoline or petroleum, you think it's sugar when it's sodium Handcuffs ropes and chains holdin 'em All in the zone, have your dough and your fame But you ain't takin nuttin wit'cha, but your bones to your grave To the world you're a slave, we the makers Revolutionary haters, as anthropologists, gynecologysts Astronauts and shit, I don't think y'all ready for the apocalypse, so y'all better stay on top of shit [Chorus] - repeat 2X [uncredited guest #2] My flow contradicted, apocalyptic With plans to cop the riches, make blacks stop the snitchin Politics mixed with, new statistics Futuristic, tell me are you a witness or a soldier? Innocent, criminal minded I'm militant, wise to ignorant, livin with No time to eat and no time to sleep, my hustle is deep Wearin the same gear all week Near all heat, until I draw, it's kind of raw Like a war between my ances-tors and dinosaurs I'm on some fuck the cops shit, ask your moms She don't even know, what this {?} tax is on Probably got another country never shown on map For secret agents and the ones who faked they death live at Where your kids disappear to when they get kidnapped Streets is white, life is black, and this shit is trapped {*beatboxing*} Y'all been rockin fatigues for years right? Y'all ready to war?! [Pras Michel] Alright, where you at my niggaz? You in the Matrix? Get the fuck off the streets, y'knahmsayin? Fuck all that gangster shit, we here It's real niggaz, put on your boots, man up! Get ready for war, ha, guerillas baby, {?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras Michel Album: Win Lose or Draw Song: How it Feels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash When I grow up, I'ma be a superstar [Pras] Ah-ha, alright baby [Chorus: children] + (Pras) They, don't, know, how it feels (When you're out on your own, yeah) (And you're lookin for that home) They, don't, know, what it is (When the world's on your shoulder) (And your baby gotta be a soldier) [Pras Michel] Yo I was born in the pro-jects, with roaches and rats And our credentials were our, nines and gats Stay the hell out the hood read the welcomin mats I remember them days, it was hard bein black Welfare checks and government cheese Take your family in portrait, everybody smile say cheese And it's a wonder how I kept my head from goin under Sun don't shine where there's, lightning and thunder Some got ways, some got means But still, we all just got hopes and dreams The two blend together like dope and fiends Cope with teens has that new gangster lean Everybody just wanna be a ghetto star Fly cribs and drivin them big cars That's all Mr. President, hear the voice of the youth I don't lie, I speak the truth [Chorus: children] + (Pras) They, don't, know, how it feels (When you a single mother) (And don't have that significant other) They, don't, know, what it is (To be in the ghetto) (And your life be in slow mo') [Pras Michel] Uhh, yeah Been around the world a couple times with the ReFugees From the boot of Italy, to the land of Pawnee{?} Fell in love a couple times on the London Bridge Fast cars, fast life, that's how I wanted to live What a crusade, one of my great escapades Cut many hearts, like the game of spades But nuttin was as fatal when they blew the World Trade Now we at war momma, tradin lives for grenades Send in the troops, here comes the brigades American resolve and our hearts'll never fade I know you somewhere out there chillin in the shades But I hate to be the one, to rain on your parade See God is merciful and God bless his children That's how we gonna reconstruct them buildings So stop the killings, we runnin out of graves In the land of the free, and the home of the brave [Chorus: children] + (Pras) They, don't, know, how it feels (To hear our babies cry) (And watch our mothers die) They, don't, know, what it is (To see our brothers in prison) (While they losin their religion) [Pras Michel] These, eyes of mines are like, camera lens Loved by many but stabbed by my friends Is this the end? Some may cry out loud But I won't worry we gonna, make it now The ghetto fed up but they won't break us down It's an eye for an eye what goes around comes around Do dis for my peeps who couldn't speak Survival of the fittest, what happens to the weak? They either in between, above or beneath Tryin to play me like a scrub in a passenger seat Racial profile to say the least (okay) There won't be no peace in the belly of the beast, c'mon [Pras + children] But we gonna make it through baby Even though the world is so crazy [Pras Michel] And if they ask you, tell 'em it's pain times three Cause it's a million of them kids stressin just like me BABY! [Chorus: children] + (Pras) They, don't, know, how it feels (To see us go to war) (And see the people free for no more) They, don't, know, what it is (To be a black man in America) (And feel like they're comin to get'cha) They, don't, know, how it feels (To work for minimum wage) (As your life starts to fade) They, don't, know, what it is (To be down to your last buck) (And no one really gives a mother-HA) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Elmopalooza Compilation Song: Be Yourself (Easy As A-B-C) Typed by: ILLuMiNaRy@aol.com [Lauryn - Singing] Can you tell me how to get......how to get to Sesame Street? (Check it out, here we go!) - Wyclef [Lauryn- Singing (Chorus)] Be yourself (Just be yourself) Easy as A-B-C (A-B-C) Can't be no one else ( No one else!) Just happy to be me! (Yeah! Yeah!) [Wyclef] Hey yo, the "A" is for achievement [Prakazrel "Pras] Hey yo, the "B" is for beneficent [Wyclef] And the "C" is for committment [Pras] And the "D" is for diligent [Wyclef] What about the "E", the "F", the "G", the "H", the "I", the "J?!" I'm in my P.J.'s, I'm drinkin' O.J.! Ha Ha! [Lauryn] The big city, just like I pictured it (What?!) Millions of people rushing around real quick (Real quick!) Each one's originale, one of a kind, unique (That's right!) So, kick back and listen while L-Boogie speaks (While L-Boogie speaks!) Not trying to be different, just doing they own thing (Own thing!) So come on everybody, clap your hands and sing (Just sing!) [Chorus 2x] [Pras] Hey yo, the "K", the "L", the "M", the "N", the "O", the "P" for "Prakazrel" in the place to be! [Wyclef] Hey yo, the "Q's" for quiet [Pras] The "R" for riot [Wyclef] The "S", the "T", the "U", the "V's" for vowels (Vowels!) - Prakazrel The "W", "X", the "Y", the "Z's" for Zorro! Yo! See you tomorrow! [Pras]  Yeah, fly like an eagle... Well it's the Fugees On Sesame, clap your hands do a dance with L-Jiggity! [Lauryn] Now Snuffy and Big Bird are having a good time (Time!) They're walking and gawking and trying to talk to a mime (walking-n-gawking), here, in the square where they just seen it all But they ain't never seen a yellow bird (What?!) seven feet tall! (Seven feet tall!) [Chorus 2x] [Wyclef] It's a lovely day in my neighborhood... It's all good... Prakazrel, L-Boogie up in here.... In my neighborhood [Pras] Refugee Camp Allstars....yeah....yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fugees f/ Lauryn Hill Album: Fugees Greatest Hits Song: A Change Is Gonna Come (UK Bonus Track) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Lauryn Hill] Yo! [Wyclef Jean] One time! [Lauryn Hill]  I was born by the river (uhh) (uhh) In a tenement, and oooohhh.. my poor mother She could hardly pay the rent It's been a long (ha) a long time coming But I know oohh.. a change is going to come Awww yes, it will [Wyclef Jean] Two time! [Lauryn Hill] Yeah, it's been too hard living (huh) And I'm afraid to die (Why?) I don't know what's out there, yeaah, yeaaah.. beyond the sky It's been a long (huh) a long time coming But I know oohh.. a change is gonna come (Awww) Awwww yes, it will Say it Wyclef, Say it [Wyclef Jean] Check it out, uh uh, Awww Ma [Lauryn Hill] Yo, See I go oohh.. to my brother (come on!) (and say what, say what) And I say brother, help me please (come on, L Boogie!) And he winds up, he winds up, knocking me, knocking me (uh huh) Yeah, huh.. back down on my knees Ohhh! [Wyclef Jean] Three time! [Lauryn Hill] It's been times when I didn't think That I would last for long (huh) But now we think they're bound... to carry on It's been a long (uh huh huh huh yeah) a long time coming But I know oohh.. a change is gonna come Awww yes, it will Awww yes, Oohhh Yeaaaah, it will [Wyclef Jean Talking] This has been the Fugees: L Boogie, Prize Well, Wyclef The Refugees are OUT! [Outro: Lauryn Hill] Yeah, yeah, uhha Yes it will, yes it will, yes it will Uhhhhmmmmm, ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ The Fugees Album: The Mix Tape Volume 1: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Fugees - Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Lauryn Hill) Yeah, we got Fugees up in here, haha! (Wyclef)  Refugee camp y'all (Lauryn Hill) Funkmaster Flex up in here! (Wyclef)  One two, yeah (Lauryn Hill) Yeah, yeah like this yo *singing*  We bumped into Flex, yeahhh, two months ago (Wyclef)  Yeah, yo what was he doing? (Lauryn Hill) Yo, hahaa, like this yo, word *singing*  He was backstage at a Refugees show (Wyclef)  Oh yeah, I think it was like the Mecca     and Pete Rock on the wheels (Lauryn Hill) Word up, yeah *singing*  He said Fu's could you rock yeah (yeah yeah, one time)     Or maybe you won't (one time) oh yeah, oh yeah     So we bust in the back of a big gray Cadillac     Oh my honey... yeah yeah     With nickels and dimes busting fat freestyle rhymes     Oh baby, and we crazy, yeah, so we break it down like this I'm not Japanese but I drive a Mitsubishi Not Spanish, but I eat arroz con pollo Not Haitian, but I eat seaweed seskwa Mama-se-mama-sa-mama-ma-ku-sa (Wyclef) Chi-blah, chi-blah, chi-blah, chi-blah-blah-blah-blah-bamba Check out de numba one rapper comin through your speaker This is how Flex reach ya, bust it For the kid he say, freestyle all day From Brooklyn to L.A. it's the ay ay ay If a bwoy wan fi test a now de bwoy get sway When we come in dancehall all de roaches Raid, bust it Cool fellow, in the dancehall stay mellow All that guntalk who woulda thought you'd die yellow Penny drug dealer, work for the vampire New York to Newark, Captain Kirk he works for sandwiches Number, zero, hit, professional If you saw the movie then you know no one's Untouchable Don't take this personal it's just family business With this accomplice snitch now he sleeps with the fish Wyclef Preacher's Son Refugee Camp with the Funkmaster Flex in the house (Refugees up in here, yeah) Got L in the house, and Prazwell up (hahahaha, ha like this) [Funkmaster Flex blends into Doug E. Fresh's "I-Ight"] Artist: Breezly Brewn', Dante, El-P, Imani Uzuri, Jah-Born 	John Forte, Main Flow, Mr. Khaliyl, Mr. Len, Nine 	Punchline, Talib Kweli, Tiye Phoenix, What?What? Album:	Hip Hop For Respect EP Song: Protective Custody Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com {Dante of (Mood)} Yo, move recite chapters Rappers write scripts for actors Don't rap about the facts, till they attack the catch Handcuff the shackel, stand up get tackled The featers of your leaders heaters on their Adam's apple Keep quiet, be silent the sphere no weak vibe We defy, a new in it root, for street wise Got to stop it, and taxes for guns, wars and wackers Puttin prophet's in their pockets And lock it till I promise {Dante & Main Flow (of Mood)} MF: They stoled knots, hold spots, trapped in the road block DT: We globetrot, we roll pop, running from old cops MF: The whole shots, cold plots, Babylon's gold pot DT: Loan glocks, cold shots, set off like we sold rocks {Main Flow (of Mood)} We dealing with NARCS and cases Deaths over parking spaces Evil hearts are races, or higher dark places Brutality on mark faces, car chases Incarceration, unite so we can spark the nation {Nine} You got the right to remain silent and at the same time You got the right to remain violent and aim nines They got no love for, just slugs for you Who want it? I fight back like a rat when he cornered Catch me at the light, windows tinted, 35 percent Breakin ya neck, to see who's in it What is my intent? Trying to live, without the nonsense You dying to give {Tiye Phoenix} Yo yo, the spokesqueen, number one Tiye Phonenix The black Venus Demalo Dopper then Tae Bo, every man, woman and child know We unified force against the shooters of Diallo And now there sure to lose like Luther at the Apollo For Amistad to Amadou, attacked in these streets The term COP really stands for Cappin Our Peeps They shot a 40 round, are brother got slaughtered down We push thru the border now, Jahad hold it born down {Brezzly Brewn' (of the Juggaknots)} You wanna be a fuckin accident, the beast was barkin You wanna know how many accidents to rob a New Yorker? And the possible attrocity,  millimeters from the kids set the glock With a ferocity, seemin as it's inbread While I stated innocent, but stressing it You sure that it was decolit,  It could of been an isolated incident Nothing was found, no hard feelings I fight bad guys Strutting around like Keith Christ huttin the site airtime {Talib Kweli} This goes out to MC's who used to rock in Washington Square Park Now Guiliani got it locked after dark, so he mastered the art Of livin the death, shadow is a, nuff of a battle To dodge the police,  and have to rise above the trap of the barrel My people spill blood in the streets I'm never running from beast Can I get a response from all the revolutionaries in this piece? (yeah!!) What up, cuz of the way we think they want to incarcerate us They think time will break us, but time won't break us {Punchline} I rock a vest even when I take shots to the balls The type that write the word police on a unmarked car I resent you, gettin off easy if they suspend you I end you, hope they use your own gun against you It's all mental, my man died in the streets I'm pouring out liquor, until there's nuthin to drink That's how many cats died, slaid by the beast That night, 5-0 held caught in the streets *scratching by El P & Mr. Len of Company Flow* {El-P} Petrofied little venomist, school yard outcasts From disfunctional world of redneck garbage Community bitch out, seekin power over  confiscate from miniscule shit court And repress sexual activity style,  need of location when standing Spliff of the semi-retarted, or pro defensive Spontaneous violence and compasive lying Package dukes that has a lunchbox with a glock  and Ku Klux decoder ring Who sing Kumbaya to the tune of a man dying {Jah-Born (of Medina Green)} Y'all seen the front page? another black man slayed By the beast hit with a rain, or 4 glocks got sprayed Hey Giuliani, was 41 shots necessary? Now my people's got to worry, bout the cops that be killin me Justice? All I see is Just Us Gettin knocked locked and bust, without a word discussed NYPD, should be NYPIG I don't deal with the swine, don't want swine dealin with me {What?What?} These shot happy motherfuckers legally ready to blaze With raised triggas and cocked back with plans to fake figgas Who black and innocent, Fuck it let's get militant Run up in the precint, strapped with gats With full clips loaded, aimed at there heads Stay in the feds, double 20 plus one round to blood red Revenge, we must return to avenge my brother, we coming The first sister holdin the lead {John Forte} El Capitano keep my guns high I run from New York cuz I'm alumni The fact I'm in it, half street, half academic I memorize my stash number, the flash number Ya pig stinch, plus your badge number Ya precinct, and the Irish lad you served under I'm probaly grinding drugs, come from hittin the kitchen A black man in a pretty car will fit the description You gettin informed quick You racist fuck, I was born in it {Mr. Khaliyl} I seen it happen before, and it could happen again You on a block mine on your own and then you let by your friends Cuz they ain't down to scrap, just wanna ride in your Benz But when the cops is on the beat, that's when the party begins Like a karate picture, the way the mop the floor with ya All caught up in the heat, not a doctor can stitch you Nobody movin with you, cuz you really ain't bout it Now there's fear in your heart, and there's blood in your mouth It's like something we never seen before It's almost like we dreamed it all Live or die, either or, my blood is what they fiending for My people's screamin for the justice we deserve Set 41 back, we leaving 22 in the curb *more scratching* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: ReFugee Camp All-Stars f/ Prazwell, Ky-Mani Album: Money Talks soundtrack Song: Avenues [Ky-Mani] Ohh no! Ohh no! Say, we gonna rock down through, Electric Avenue And then we'll take it higher Say, we gonna rock down through, the Brooklyn Avenues And then we'll take it higher! Ohh no! Ohh no! [Prazwell] Yo, yo Slick like Rick Rick James when I hit (hit) Superfreak chicks, who I don't miss (yo I don't miss) Fix for your nose, my flows make you sick (uh-huh) Two chicks for me, none for you like Twix Play with niggaz head like 'Clef guitar picks Went from, bottom pits to, making hits, and hollow-tips then, shooting lips (right) Handle our business make sure it sits Ride through the tunnels (crusin by) fuck the guestlists Light up your block with roman candlesticks Known to blow shows with pyrotechnics (right) Rappin bout your whips while you catchin transits Buyin shorty gifts, with checks from WIC Your record sound like a demo that was yet not mixed (shit ain't mixed yet) Your whole style broke and it should be fixed (uh-huh) Time runnin out as my Rolex ticks Don't get caught on the Ave, it's too Electric... [Ky-Mani] Say, we gonna rock down through, Electric Avenue And then we take it higher (c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon) Say, we gonna rock down through, the Brooklyn Avenues (Flatbush too) And then we'll take it higher! Ohh no! Ohh no! [Prazwell] I dedicate this to my peeps who're on the streets God bless they soul, may they rest in peace There's those who finance and those who choose to lease Whatever suits you weather on the turn of your leafs Different strokes for different folks God I refuse to going back and being broke Lord He got struck with lightning, he got hit hard Face this twenty life to maximum, his whole life is scarred The Preacher's Son and I came off the Santa Maria Ten cases of Malta, caught the diarrhea Load the ReFugees on the aircraft carrier Some say Dirty Cash (Dirty Cash) we never heard of ya You don't know me? (Yeah yeah) [Ky-Mani] Say, we gonna rock down through Electric Avenue (c'mon) And then we'll take it higher (c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon) Say, we gonna rock down through the Brooklyn Avenues (Flatbush too) And then we'll take it higher! (c'mon man) Ohh no! Ohh no! (yeah, alright) [Prazwell] Watch your back watch your side, swimmin with shark String you like a harp while they playin Mozart No credential, get nowhere like Oslo Stand back to Frisco, at the Rico Beagle Suave like Rico, on fire like pyro Frantic like a skitzo, rougher than Brillo He caught the rap like Donnie Brascoe [Ky-Mani] Out in the street there is violence (yeah, uhh) Down in Brooklyn there is violence (Flatbush too) Down dere in Queens there is violence (QBC) And there's a lot of work to be done, Lord Down in the ghetto there violence (out in the streets) Out in L.A. there is violence (Compton) In Miami there is violence (Miami Vice, yeah) And there's a lot of work to be done, Lord (yo, c'mon, yo) We gonna rock down through, ReFugee Avenue (rock to, uh-huh) And then we take it higher! (c'mon) Say, we gonna rock down through, Haiti Avenue (Port-Au-Prince) And then we take it higher! [Prazwell] Haha, yeah, yo, yo, c'mon ReFugee All-Stars, yeah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Peel Session (UK Radio) Song: Blame It On the Sun Typed by: firstlinerhyme@gmail.com Refugees up in here Booga Basement style On a John Peel show Giving you a little reggae, a little R&B, a little hip-hop Stevie Wonder style, you know how we do Where has my love gone How can I go on Is peace not here for me to see Where is my spirit See I'm nowhere near it It seems dear love is gone away [Refrain] So I blame it on the sun, the sun that didn't shine I blame it on the wind and the trees I blame it on the nights I never was in love I blame it on the times that could not be But my heart blames it on me You see I loved hard once, but the love wasn't returned I found out the man I died for, he wasn't even concerned In time he turned, he tried to burn me like a perm But my eyes saw the deception my heart wouldn't let me learn from Some dumb woman was I and every time he lied he would cry and inside I'd die My heart must've died a thousand deaths Compared myself to Toni Braxton thought I'd never catch my breath Nothing left, he stole the heart beating from my chest I tried to call the cops that type of heat they can't arrest Pain suppressed will lead to cardic arrest Diamonds deserved, diamonds but he convinced me I was worthless Wish I could tell you what I am feeling But words won't come for me to see Who poured the love out What made this bitter doubt Is peace not here for me to see [Refrain] Who poured the love out What made this bitter doubt Who poured the love out Yo yo see cool it down, emcee's should slow it down Ohh, watch out, before they lose control Yo yo see cool it down, emcee's should slow it down Ohh, watch out, Fugees is on a roll We just looking for the love today Where's the love at All the peace emcee's settle the violence Play more music, make more phat beats Leave all the violence some place else Where is the love Say where is the love Where is the love [x5] Artist: Queen w/ Refugee Camp Navy SEALS f/ Wyclef, Pras, and Free Album: Small Soldiers Soundtrack Song: Another One Bites The Dust Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Freddy Mercury] Are you ready?! Hey! Are you ready for this?! Are you hangin' on the edge of your seat?! [Wyclef] I need a break beat! [Freddy Mercury] Are you ready?! Hey! Are you ready for this?! Are you hangin' on the edge of your seat?! [Wyclef] I need a break beat! [Freddy Mercury] Are you ready?! Hey! Are you ready for this?! Are you hangin' on the edge of your seat?! [Wyclef] I need a break beat! [Freddy Mercury] Outta the doorway, the bullets rip!!! Repeat to the sound of the beat! HEY!!! [Wyclef] (Freddy Mercury in parentheses) - Chorus Yo...a-for the kids in the club that's ready to get bugged!  (Another One Bites the Dust!) A-for the thugs with the burners, that wanna blast off! (Another One Bites the Dust!) And for the kids on the blocks, shootin' at the crooked cops, BLAOW!! (Another One Bites the Dust!) (And another one down, and another one down Another One Bites the Dust, Hey!) Wyclef, Dirty Cash, Young Free...Freddy, where you at? (Steve walks warily down the street with the brim pulled way down low) Some cat up in Brooklyn just got robbed with a Kangol!  (*In tune with F. Mercury*) (Are you ready?! Hey! Are you ready for this?! Are you hangin' on the edge of your seat?! Out of the doorway, the bullets rip!!! Repeat to the sound of the beat! HEY!!! My man got shot, and the block got hot! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo, hey yo I hear more shots, it's like Fort Knox kid! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo, Hold your breath...Hold your breath...Hold your breath...Yo, CHECK IT!!! (And another one down, and another down, Another One Bites The Dust!) [Wyclef - Verse One] If you're a soldier at ease My military style is known to murder Nazi's, Brooklyn to Germany (Come on) My kamikaze will blow the U2, they hire Idi Amin in Timbuktu Whether you indo, or do the Voodoo You can't foresee this unless I bring the previews, HEY!!! HEY!!! Yo, it's the number one rappin' band! (Come on, come on) Yo...This review, will be critically acclaimed Leave you in critical pain, clinically insane The name Wyclef Jean, with a yes, yes y'all! Better have a vest y'all! I'll blast, and bless y'all! "F"- y'all, the mark of the beast, the triple six Time running out, listen to the tick! If you see what I saw, then you seen what I seen, If you know what I know, You know what I mean! Commanding officer of the Navy SEAL team Once I give the orders, you feel the infrared beam....BLAOW!!! [Wyclef - Chorus] For all you critics, sayin' "another remake!"  (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo, if you know the deal, this is the master reel, kid! Ha Ha! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Right! Right! Freddy Mercury, where you at yo?! (And another one down, and another one down, Another One Bites the Dust!) (HOW DO YOU THINK I'M GONNA GET ALONG,   WITHOUT YOU WHEN YOU'RE GONE!!!) I need a break beat! Yo if you're ready for the first of the month,  for that welfare check, come on! (KICKED ME OUT ON MY OWN!!!) I need a break beat! (ARE YOU HAPPY?!! ARE YOU SATISFIED?!!!   HOW LONG CAN YOU STAND THE HEAT!!!??) I need a break beat! (OUTTA THE DOORWAY, THE BULLETS RIPPA!!!   TO THE SOUND OF THE BEAT!) Yo! Bulletproof vests, like the wild wild west (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo! This is a stickup, now take off your Rolex! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo! Dirty money, good money, yo it's all money-money! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo! Dirty Cash! Dirty Cash! The adventures of Dirty Cash! (And another one down, and another one down, Another One Bites the Dust!) [Prakazrel "Pras"] Yo, for the love for the cash I'll blast you in my path!!! Keep my eyes on the math, you cats don't know the half! As far as I'm concerned, you cats can burn in flames This ain't no game!!! I'm-a start callin' names! So come get me, if you know the one-fifty A million Refugees ready to bust wit' me! Bloody, filthy, in this rap shhh---! You gonna have to kill me, since you can't beat me!!! Pras! Dirty! Cash! You're the greedy! Believe me! God'll let me fly, like R. Kelly! Bite another dust with my man Freddy Mercury! What height nineties got ya cash, wannabe CRAZY!!! [Free] Practically, I tactically destroy Deploy more decoys than a presidential convoy My whole envoy stay camouflaged out And when I walk the street, I take the Refugee route This one go out to all my thugs in the borough So just stay thorough, like Kilamanjaro Split it with an arrow, my girl platoon roll Outta control, the female mandingos! Free! I evolve from the egg of a seminarian Don't go down, 'cause I'm a vegetarian! And when I bust, it ain't in God we trust and if you bring a gun, you better bring a black tusk! [Wyclef - Chorus] She looked into my eyes and said F-B-I!!! (Another One Bites the Dust!) She said she loved me, she was a spy who lied!!! (Another One Bites the Dust!) Right! I could relate...could you relate? (Another One Bites the Dust!) Jerry "Wonder", The Product (Male singer from The Product, keys a vocal note) {Don't you know we coming for yo?!}  Yo, Canibus, John Forte', (Another One Bites the Dust!) Yo, Dirty Cash, and baby Free! (Another One Bites the Dust!)  Wyclef Jean, Freddy Mercury! Ha-ha! I'm out baby! (And another one down, and another one down, another one bites the dust!) N A V Y S E A L S!!!!!!!! (Another One Bites the Dust!) (Another One Bites the Dust!) (Another One Bites the Dust!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Fugees Album: Take it Easy 12" Song: Take it Easy Typed by: dru48nassty@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [L-Boogie] Brethren don't cut me when I'm going I don't hear myself We bout to drop, drop drop drop You can bring the beat up a little bit in the headphones Bring the beat up a little bit We bout to drop. We bout to drop, drop, drop, drop [L-Boogie] I got Moxie, I'm so damn foxy Industry try to block me like cops and paparazzi Full stop, don't copy, just cop me properly Everybody same policy, universal equality Responsibility, polity, to survive economically Some people do it comically, fruits of freedom, equality Invest your money properly, people owe me apology Intellectual property, stealing stolen commodity Souls searching or controlling and robbery, cold lack of camaraderie Clones, copycats bother me, mine, own, blind cats, follow me Honesty, honesty, honestly, all these jokes are common-league Puppets with no autonomy, yup it's Fugees entirely (Chorus Clef) + [L-Boogie] I see you looking but you better take it easy Tell your crew I said tell 'em take it easy Here's come the rocket launcher, you better take it easy take it easy, take it easy [too sleazy] Too much ex mami, take it easy Good with the sex mami, you'll be like, take it easy [Ay papi] Better take it easy, take is easy, take it easy [Clef] + (L-Boogie) You movin bricks but you better take it easy Here's a tip, you're too flashy I don't tip twice, but you best friend he DT And that dog sniffin in the back ain't Lassie And I ain't rhymed in a minute, but ya'll ain't catch up And that ain't blood on your shirt, man that's ketchup (That's ketchup) Picture Clef getting a writer to give him help I'd rather kill myself become a ghost and write for myself (OH MY GOD!!) Cuss I'm the top celebrity, top celebrity, top celebrity, MC (Bing!) I flow for the thugs, gypsies, and hippies (Bing!) A ghetto maestro with a Nat Turner flow (Bing!) Malcolm X come out, hit the Klu Kulx Show (SHOOWOOWOO) (Chorus Clef) + [L-Boogie] I see you looking but you better take it easy Tell your crew I said tell 'em take it easy Here's come the rocket launcher, you better take it easy take it easy, take it easy [too sleazy] Too much ex mami, take it easy Good with the sex mami, you'll be like, take it easy [Ay papi] Better take it easy, take is easy, take it easy [L-Boogie] Don't you know originals get plagerized, majors minors, must supervise Haters, Climbers get scrutinized, Placaters, Blind and stupid guys Wicked people choose homicide, Dregs of society heathen 'em Beggars, bogus misleading dem, Nigra, Negro, Negrito 'em Angelitos con libre dem, Chico's, Chica's completing them Addiction, fiction, bleeding them, capitalism eating them Misunderstanding cheatin them, The ignorance defeating them True loyalty is leaving them, got royalty believing them Eyes open deceiving them, Reconciling, Receiving them Reckless driving and grieving them, Matthew Andrew and Peter them (Slow down) We 'bout to reconcile (repeat) We 'bout to reconcile (reconcile) We 'bout to reconcile(recon, recon, reconcile) We 'bout to reconcile, (tell 'em to give off my style) (Slow Down) We 'bout to reconcile (reconcile like Public Enemy) We 'bout to reconcile (Slow Down) (reconciliation) (tell 'em to get off my style) We 'bout to reconcile(running with my crew again) We 'bout to reconcile (Slow Down) (tell them to get my off style) (repeat) [Pras] - (Overlapping L-Boogie) (Ay yo!) (Yo yo yo yo yo!) Stop the track, what ya'll thought I wasn't coming been in the L.A., few flicks, few millions back with the Fugees, foo-fighting for a few billions dub plate dealing, sound boy killin anything we do, we want that cap for me realin? Angelo, Simone, Michelle, you know them willin Can't fight the feelin, when I pull in the SFR, every girl love's a ghetto superstar (that's Pras baby) Run hip hop like pin stripe Lees and I got love for my crew like Big had for Cease (C's) Pull and sqeeze on these MC's I don't really wanna do it, take it easy [Clef] I see you looking but you better take it easy Tell your goons that they better take it easy Here's come the rocket launcher, take it easy take it easy, you better take it easy (L-Boogie: too sleazy) Too much ex mami, take it easy Good with the sex you'll be like take it easy (Ay papi) Mami take it easy, take is easy, you better take it easy [Clef] We got L-Boogie in the house (Lauryn: what) Prazwell in the house Clef Jerry Wonder, yeah Big Ro (Rohan) I see you in the back Let's get this thing started Let's stay focused, focused, focused, focused Oh, If you don't know what's goin on man The Fugees back on the street, serious thing right now You scared yet, ah pack your dibby dibby dub box Artist: Wyclef f/ Busta Rhymes, John Forte, Lauryn Hill, Prazwell, Q-Tip Album: When We Were Kings Soundtrack Song: Rumble In The Jungle [Wyclef] (Come on) Root to the fruit More bass than Bootsy Collins You verses me Thats like Ali verses Foreman (a-ha) God's act, stand back and watch Devil's time out Can't be timed with no swatch watch Who I am, the black Abraham Zunga zunga zang, yellow man, Vietnam Add an extra bar as I spar with literature Taking kingdoms from tsars Winning more wars than the Moors [Forte] Hey, what's the deal? I seen the Devil spar with Allah Mathematics was the key to set my whole race free You might debate we, a refugee No harm hurt me Dying, thirsty from the struggle To my own hustle bubble On the low, woe is me To show the Free Bob right The righteous Asiatic thinker While Satan rob light Civilised like the Molly Burgundy, wildy rocking Seen the fifth when Ali clocked him John Forte will keep you locked in [Q-Tip] People all around You got to recognise and witness The Mister who swift enough to knock you out with Mic fitness Hands blistered from holding the mics tight Some say it's fright night Well throw the R after the F 'Cause I'm gonna take away your breath The bell rings and now it's just a daily operation Yo, you saw my lubrication You can see this occupation (The winner) Eh, you know we're from Q-Borough L-Booie and Clef the trainers, Prazwell promote the throw [Lauryn Hill] We used to bite bullets with the pig-skin casing Now we perfect slang like a gang of street masons (uh) Scribe check make connects True pyramid architects (yeah) Replace the last name with the X (X) The man's got a God complex But take the text and change the picture Watch Muhammad play the messenger like Holy Muslim scriptures Take orders from only God Only war when it's Jihad See Ali appears in Zaire to reconnect 400 years But we the people dark but equal give love to such things To the man who made the fam' remember when we were kings Blocks on fire (Block's on fire tonight) Fiends getting higher (uh-huh) Robbing blue collar (Hey yo we rob them blue collars) Killing for a dollar (Stick 'em up) Youths get tired (Ali ah yeah) We're dealing with them liars (Ali ah yeah) (We're dealing with too many liars) From Brooklyn to Zaire (uh-huh ah yeah) We need a ghetto Messiah (ah yeah come on) Send me an angel in the morning, baby Send me an angel in the morning, darling Send me Muhammad in the morning, baby Send me an angel in the morning, darling [Ali Shaheed Muhammad] Once the pen hits the pad it's danger To this I be no stranger Step inside the ring and I'll derange you (Come on) I'm hearing no comments Everyone looks dispondent Dejected, rejected similiar to Liston Catching lists Beat it, sonny My man is still the greatest in this To hell with Frazier yappin' about that negative shit Now listen, you can try and escape if you want to But ask yourself, who the hell you gonna run to Like Sade Abu you got a punch that I can sleep to Fugees, Tribe, Busta Rhymes forever coming through [Prazwell] We sing Amazing Grace over two dollar plate One roll snake eyes like Jake The Snake Many lies put up for stakes Wash our sins at the Great Lakes You and I cannot see eye to eye So therefore we cannot relate I'm here when I make myself crystal clear You fled to Cape Fear when I laced you in Zaire Tussle with a lasso in the Royal Rumble Seperate boys from men in the concrete jungle [Busta Rhymes] I remember when Cassius Clay flipped the script Taking trips to Zimbabwe Africans started calling the God Ali Bumbaye (so bwoy) It be the God stricken, God nutrition, lightly stricken (ha) Blow that make you feel like you was poison bitten Ha yo I'm 'bout to blister you and your sister Predicting every ass whipping before my fights my nigga This be your last warning once you walk past the doorman Ali and Foreman gonna lock ass until the morning Marvellous finances provided by Joseph Mobutu Special guests of honour like the Archbishop Desmond Tutu We watched the Rumble In The Jungle To see who be the targeted uncle to be the first to fall and fumble Nuff blows they gettong thrown, like solid milestones Internally shaking up niggas, imbalance your chromosones With the force of a thousnad warriors When I bust your ass identify me as the lord victorious Blocks on fire (You're a star) (Blocks on fire) Fiends getting higher (You're a star) Robbing blue collar (You're a star) (Yeah rob them blue collars) Killing for a dollar (You're a star) Youths get tired (You're a star) (Youths getting tired) We're dealing with them liars (You're a star) (We're dealing with too many liars) From Brooklyn to Zaire (You're a star) We need a ghetto Messiah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bounty Killer w/ Fugees Album: My Xperience Song: Hip-Hopera (Radio Edit Version) Intro, Chorus: (Bounty Killer, Wyclef, Lauryn) Michael Jackson brought you Thriller It made all the gun-man hollar Refugees with Bounty Killer Mack 11 guard your grilla First verse: Lauryn Hill, Bounty Killer Why you gwan, watch out for Babylon, MC's babble on and on I phenom, bomb like Ethiopians, not Italions, Queen Asheba, balance like a Libra, rain like meteor storms, that change forms like the pillars of Islam, make the best rule, and--- the rest who'll, it takes one drop of purity to clean the cess pool, the next crew, will be comprised of kings and queens wearing crowns and holiday scepters, facing Mecca, making records, raiding biblio-techas, I sip nectars with the gods in the street apparel, keep the path straight and narrow while we bombin' on Pharaoh, so Bounty Killer pour the sorrel let's make plans for tomorrow, Cause if it's down a Sodom and Gommorah Refugees we nah go so. Chorus Second Verse: Bounty Killer, Wyclef So talk well if you vex, try and jump in a mi chest, you Mr. Punk, well come and do your next best, mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest, askel 45, Fugees dem tech. Well talk well if you vex, try and jump in a mi chest, you Mr. Punk well come and do your next best, mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest, rappers from the east and rappers from the west, well. Yo, five years old I heard shots out the window, I thought that it was Zorro, driving in from Mexico, I asked my father Pablo who the hell is this Paco, He said It's Bounty Killer, He's driving from Montego. (Bounty Killer) That's when shots start to echo from yah so and from deh so, well that is the life of a --- from the ghetto, moving 40 kilo, from here to Puerto Rico, smoke my manifico, but I never do perico. (Wyclef) Yo, this is a sound clash, you ain't fit for the job, you're----, and you're making my ---hard, you wanna rap, here's presents, go rap it in a box, you versus me is like a mouse versus a ox, Wyclef, preacher's son, I sing a hymn the lights get dim, reflection of the end, is your face facing a coffin, oops, to abstract so you kill me with gaps, figments of your imagination, you never dealt with incarceration. (Bounty Killer) Thought I heard you want to be my rival, askel 45 a it a idol, them start war and no seek survival, Refugees we gonna treat them detrimental, Punks, fools. Bridge: Wyclef, Bounty Another sound boy dies, slow death, Refugee camp, Bounty Killer... Chorus Third Verse: Praz, Wyclef, Praz, Bounty Killer Through the temples of doom somehow we managed to bloom like blossoms, by any means necessary said Malcolm, nights before battle we play dead like possums, minimizing our losses like caution to the maximum, strategies for the Refugees, how many mics do you rip, I say not too many, Yo, which man runs from my magnum, Haitian shot a man Them blame Jamaicans. Chorus (Bounty Killer) Yeah, Yeah Yeah... Outro: Bounty Killer, Wyclef Well talk well if you vex, try and jump in a mi chest well come and do your next best, mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest, askel 45 New York gun take, well talk if you vex, try and jump in a mi chest, so Mr. Punk, well come and do your next best, mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest, askel 45, California take, well, well. Bounty Killer on the borderline, Refugee camp, Wyclef, L. Boogie Prazwell and it don't stop. (music fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pras, Product, Wyclef Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Let's Ride Typed by: m_a_2@hotmail.com, trusoldiah@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yo, yo If you just listen to my lyrics every day for a couple of weeks My techniques will eventually kill you just like red meat The Bhagavad Gita beliefs I speak be so deep Most critics get mad because there's nothin to critique Whenever I'm rappin or rhymin with irrefutably remarkable timin I'm like, Charlie Chaplin pantomimin If you John Blaze, or you James Flames or you Jack Cremation, I'm Jermaine Propane (Jermaine Propane) No pain no gain in this rap game For the fortune and fame in order to remain Most real MC's, learn to adapt to the change or get washed away like tears in the rain, in the rain y'all Chorus: Wyclef, Product, Pras [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride [Pro]	When you in the streets and you're drivin in your V 	if you can see what I see, you're prepared for the jackers [Can]	Old school, old school [Pras]	Everybody got to pack a mac now [Canibus] Yo, if you wanna know, how I kick a flow when I rip a show, with my lyric-al, I'ma let you know It's difficult, cause I'm a part spiritual, part para-physical miracle And I'ma blackout in a minute too Spittin like Bone-Thugs like  "Nigga-what? I'm-fin-to-get-a-gun and stick-em-up" then crush a Thug's Bones with a chrome slug The black Cyrano DeBergerac of rap with the ghetto Anglo-Sax' poetic syntax In fact, nigga don't even give me dap when I see you Just don't give me no ice grill eye contact either When you see me, whylin like Beenie on the speakers "Zim zimma -- who got the fire for my reefa?" Chorus: Product, Pras, Wyclef [Pro]	You came home from a bid a nigga was in your crib 	And the whole time you thought your girl was celebate [Can]	Old school old school [Pras]	You locked up and she need some di-ick [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride in the hood, just ride, all my .. uh, ah just ride [Canibus] Yo physically I move at a velocity that'll break your stopwatch if you clockin me My concrete jungle is like Jumanji Iller than what you seen in the cinema A five foot eight, nigga with more horsepower than eight cylinders My brain consists of twin Pentium chips Double the clock speeds of a 586 And nothin about my physical matrix is BASIC I kick flavor beyond what your tongue is capable of tastin You'll be so surprised you won't believe your own eyes It's like a Jamaican seein the snow for the first time Rhymes of a sort, that distort space and time It's like explainin color to a man that was born blind Chorus: Product [Pro]	Crimes on the street, come from a lack of eatin 	It's not my cup of tea, but I'll give them the BEST 	Motherfuckin BEST 	And if you still out here I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon!) [Pro]	And if you still out here, I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon y'all) [Pro]	Frontin like you buyin food but you buyin crack bottles 	[Wyclef] 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the East just ride 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the West just ride 	Ah to the South, down South 	Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 	Ah just ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Free, Pras Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Patriots Typed by: IH8FakeMcs@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] I make your bitch crew shit stools; I put a pistol  in your mouth and pull, then I feed you to the pitbulls Don't even talk about guns; the only "nine" you got  is a five dollar bill and four ones So I don't give a fuck what none of y'all niggaz say Cause anything that can't penetrate ricochets Rhymin with me on a record? You might as well have died  and went to hell instead of heaven cause my rhyme weapon is like a medieval torture method -- your four limbs  tied to four horses all pulling in different directions In this profession I get busy without a question Seein me is like seein a vampire's reflection Fast or slow flows connect like electrodes I make cassette tape decks blow when I'm in wreck-mode Explode leavin areas abandoned with more radiation behind than spots UFO's landed in [Pras]	Is that all soldier? [Can]	Yes, sir! [Pras]	Is there anything you need? [Can]	No, sir! [Pras]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! [Can]	Are you a Navy Seal? [Free]	Yes, sir! [Can]	Then say it like you mean it! 	Tell them who Free from the Navy Seal Team is! [Free] Free be the one rockin shit, special operatives Specializin in weapon diagnostics My survival tactics be drastic, like Rambo  I'm stranglin niggaz with my bow and arrow elastic Whoever said you couldn't be five feet and thoroughbred never witnessed the cerebal cortex in my head How many gigabytes does your hard drive hold? or does your hard drive fold once the signal hits the node? Beyond mission control the theory behind your thought Marie Antoinette, behead me, I still rock While you choke and suffocatin off your own testosterone I'm known for breakin levels down to the values unknown A specimen with extraterrestrial estrogen Kick your intestines in, sell your testicles to Mexicans I bring the force like a nutcracker Annihilate rhyme hackers, Navy Seal linebacker The last Oedipus remains, unclaimed So if you buck against Free you better tattoo your name  on your teeth -- I disintegrate those that oppose Disintegrate hoes with they assholes in they nose I suppose you wanna run your mouth like a castagnette I put bitch niggaz to rest in the bitch bassinet [Can]	Is that all soldier? [Free]	Yes, sir! [Can]	Is there anything you need? [Free]	No, sir! [Can]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! [Can]	Are you a patriot? 	(Sir, yes sir!) [Can]	Then say it like you mean it! 	Tell them who Canibus from the Navy Seal Team is! [Canibus] I'm the meanest motherfucker on this whole Navy Seal team And I can kill anything if it bleeds or breathes Yo, callin all bitch-ass niggaz and bitch-ass bitches I got a Howitzer bigger than any four-fifth is Rappin is a raw business But as an individual I'm as different as anybody's fingerprint is If foreign is the norm I'm the antonym Put me in the same category you would put Marilyn Manson in Bugging like a satanic evangelist Jogging buttnaked down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles Every MC in your crew will get ruined or wounded You talk the bullshit, and be too scared to do shit I'm the type of nigga that'll prove it, produce shit Spent so much time in the studio I had to move in A soldier, who practices West Indian obia I can drink the poison from a king cobra Cause long after y'all are dead and gone I survive the nuclear holocaust like a roach arthropod [Pras]	Is that all soldier? [Can]	Sir, yes sir! [Pras]	Is there anything you need? [Can]	Sir, no sir! [Pras]	Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill w/ The Fugees Album: Unreleased & Revamped    Song: Boom Biddy Bye Bye (Fugees Remix) [Wyclef]  Refugee camp, with Cypress Hill [B-Real]  Yo, bringin it on [Wyclef]  Cubans meet the Haitians     Perfect combination, check it Verse One: Wyclef, B-Real [Wyclef]  You say guns [B-Real]  I say pistolas [Wyclef]  Well if you got beef son [B-Real]  Callate la boca [Wyclef]  Go meet me on the island where the Cubans meet the Haitians [B-Real]  A bullet beats the verbal lyrical assassination [Wyclef]  From L.A. to Brooklyn why you doin all that talkin [B-Real]  Think you got a soul but you're a Dead Man Walking [Wyclef]  Yo toast the host from coasts' we boast     When we meet again, I will be Casper that Friendly Ghost [B-Real]  You'll hear shots, like the show Cops     Things are still the same, I'm still growin crops [Wyclef]  Wyclef with B-Real, let me build better yet [B-Real]  Killa bee kill [Wyclef]  Yo B-Real watch your grip Chorus: B-Real, Wyclef, Lauryn Hill [B-Real]  Hi, boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhhahhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  You open up your eyes you'll be the next one to die [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  Ohh as simple as they come as as simple as they die [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [Wyclef]  Yo who told the boyy, to pack a forty-five [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhhahhh [B-Real]  Boom biddy bye bye [Lauryn Hill] Ahhahhhh, ahhahhhh [Wyclef]  Now he rest in the place that they call paradise Verse Two: B-Real, Wyclef Fools run up, but they've never seen the last Spread your last lyrics get broken like glass  Can he pass or does he posess the will Or does he need to create to keep him straight on the real Punks are broken some dey fall off the ledge Refugee Camp bringin it straight over the edge You duck as I fluff the feathers from ya skin How ya gonna win that's like Satan without no sin (without no sin) They'll never happen while I'm rappin I be watchin The Philistines, creepin up in Manhattan The sun turn up though Wyclef produce a track with Muggs But there's no survivors, they all died in the flood Chorus Verse Three: Wyclef, B-Real Yo, once a child, twice a villain If this was drugs I'd make a million off this combination  They say you'redope Clef you're dope so they offer me sess and beer  Beware, you pull your wallet Mr. Thief stares The opposite direction of the room, he pulled his gun and said I'm doomed join the son of man in the tomb I see the soldiers, comin from out the shadows  Ready for battle, ain't trying to hear the baffled Warriors lined up in full war gear In it to win it if it goes on for years  Dedicated to the stable of the Assassins Revolutionaries, just bring on the action Chorus [WYCLEF] Soldier man  Rewind selector soldier man Refugee soldier man Brooklyn soldier man L.A massive soldier man New Jersey massive soldier man Uptown massive soldier man Long beach massive soldier man You know the whole world watches soldier man Boom biddy bye bye open up ya eyes you'll be the next one to die....... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ The Fugees Album: Destiny's Child  Song: Illusions Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Lauryn] Went from a dream to the young supreme [Destiny's Child] Hey, yeah Searching for a destiny that's mine There's another place, another time Touching many hearts along the way, yeah Hoping that I'll never have to say Illusion 	[Lauryn] 1 - 	Boy, I love you but I gotta let you go 	[Destiny's Child] 	Everyday in my mind is confusion 	Thoughts of you bring illusions 	Trapped in the moment, only you get in 	My mind's playing tricks on me again 	Days in my mind is confusion 	Thoughts of you bring illusions 	Trapped in the moment, only you get in 	My mind's playing tricks on me again Follow your emotions everywhere Is there really magic in the air? Never let your feeling get you down Open up your eyes and look around Illusion Repeat 1 Can it be a picture in my mind? Never sure exactly what I'll find Only in my dreams I'll turn you on Here for just a moment then you're gone Illusion Repeat 1 [Pras] Yeah, yo, yo, yo, hey, yo I don't write love songs, leave it up to Luther Vandross How I choose to live, you don't wanna know the cost I paid to be the boss, hear it straight from the source Fortune 500 is how I like to gloss High side, Korneesh Style, joy ride Blowin' candles in the wind like Princess Di Get at me, mom, tell me how you really like it Cuz we could fly high, I'll be your co-pilot [Lauryn] Hey, yo back to the girl with all the razzamatazz (Hey, yo, I love you shorty) You talkin' all that jazz Boy, I love you but I gotta let you go I know you want me but you play me like the Lotto Use and abusin' so there won't be no friction I gotta leave, I can't be in this illusion [Destiny's Child] Oh, oh It's just an illusion Repeat 1 [Wyclef] Another one from Wyclef Another one from Jerry "Wonder" Another one from Thirty Cash Dance I say, dance I say, ha ha (Confusion) Refugee Camp (Illusion, you get in) Destiny Child (Me again) We out [Destiny's Child] Days in my mind is confusion Thoughts of you bring illusions Trapped in a world, only you get in My mind's playing tricks on me again [Lauryn] Went from a dream to the young supreme Went from a dream to the young supreme The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prazwell "Pras" Michel Album: DJ Skribble's Traffic Jams Song: You Can't Stop the Pras Typed by: DeMoNiKuS@aol.com [Prakazrel "Pras"] - One Verse Is this fuckin' mic on or what? Yeah... In a daze, I walk for miles like Isaac Hayes Run relays where your team gets delayed She keep a magnum by the ashtray When Pras come to visit with John Forte' ! Dining out, in a five star cuisine Stretch, double R invisible limousine Riding down your block never to be seen The supreme dream team is a money machine You a fiend, I'm a king Watch me, do my thing Money like DeNiro The squad's sub-zero You chicken parmesan hero eatin' while I'm winning I've been living, my team's stealing, you're still wishing Still bitching, still fishing, still snitching! Penny pinching, having meetings in your kitchen Send my man shotty, clips to your body Jewels from Liberace, partin like Dolly (Parton) HA-AH! AH-HA! AH-HA! AH-HA! Yo, Yo, Check it! I dedicate this piece to my peeps who roam the streets God bless their soul, may they each rest in peace There's those who finance and those who choose to lease Whatever suits you, whether on a term of your lease Different strokes for different folks, GOD! I refuse to going back to being broke, LORD! He got struck with lightning he got hit, HARD! Faces twenty like two maximum His whole life was scarred! The Preacher's Son and I, came off the Santa Maria Ten case amount of, then caught the diarrhea Whole load of Refugees on the aircraft carrier Some say Dirty Cash? We never heard of ya You never heard of me? Yeah, well check your Billboard, yeah, you'll see! From the heart of Kingston, to the streets of Brooklyn-Marcy All the way to the highest peak of any frequency, unhh! Illegal aliens, them all run invasions Broadcasting all over your radio stations  Mathematics, lead me to believe there's mysteries in numbers Lightning and thunder Enough, ribbons in the sky  To make Stevie Wonder and man it works, to say I come from down under  The wiz kid got no ride You frontin' at the bar  You ain't a star You rolled up in somebody else's car  You know the deal! BMW, Black Man Walking, came home your Timberland was talkin'!  [Pras - Outro] What?! Ha Ha! Ha Ha Ha!! Yo, Skribble man this is some bugged out freestyle! For the Nine-Seven! This is Dirty Cash, Pras, and I'm out! Yo, man thanks for lettin' me be on here yo, you know what I'm sayin'? Pick up The Car---! Pick up The---! Pick up The---! Pick up The---! Pick up The Carnival y'all! Pick up The Carnival! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Khadejia, Pras Michel, Product, Wyclef Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Here We Go Typed by: jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us  [ chorus : Khadejia and Product ] The boys look so good but theyre minds are not ready So here we go yall Thats why Id rather talk to a man cause his mind is so steady So here we go yall Yo, the girl looks so good but her mind is not ready So here we go yall Thats why Id rather talk to a woman cause her mind is so steady So here we go yall  [ Khadejia ] Friday night, see Im vibin and feelin right Sunroof back me and my baby just had a fight I gotta clear my mind of problems that I have inside So I bump in my ride so you dont hear me cry  [ chorus ]  [ Product ] Uhhh, the weekends here and Im chillin with my crew You got me stressed and Im sittin here sippin boo  [ Khadejia ] I wanna clear my mind of problems that I have inside  [ Product ] Ohh, when I jump in my ride Im a try to loopb hold it all inside  [ chorus ]  [ Wyclef and Pras ] Yo Yo Yo we dont like-a  A jealousy with envy We dont like When you smile and wanna blast me We dont like Stick up, give up your jewelry We dont like Suicide for milly or for dealy What we like Yeah is when we chill wit the herb What we like  Is to drink in the Titanic wit no iceberg What we like-a Is when the thugs get hyper Make sure what your brinme aint carrying lice Right about now if you ready for the ghetto princess Khadejia Let me see one finger in the air Da da da ( one finger in the air ) Da da da da daaah ( one finger in the air ) Da da da ( one finger in the air ) Da da da da daaah ( one finger in the air ) Da da da daah ( one finger in the air ) Daaah Hey yo Khadejia Khadejia  [ chorus ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Poor Righteous Teachers f/ The Fugees Album: The New World Order Song: Allies Typed by: mchakko@bilbo.bio.purdue.edu WJ: Yo this mic is on? The wickedest combination in the world! WI: No doubt, Poor Righteous Teachers, Refugees, you know what I'm saying? [Pras] Walk around in the record industry I'm looking at all the Pharasees Asking me where I'm going All I know is one day that Babylon will be fallen They welcome me into Jerusalem Eighty niggas highly crucial by Ham I got my .45 by my side Just in case another nigga tests me someone's gonna die [Wyclef Jean] Bo bo so bo I leave the boat for the pope Smoke mad weed but not touch Bayley Coke Primary purpose of the set Is to present techniques and guided practice And forced access to forfeit Emcees lose focus Wyclef to accomplish throwing crumbs in the hell pit Vocabulary, comprehension, steady reading and critical analyzing Techniques to enable DJ's to interact with my material Play it on your turntable scratch it if you're able Characteristics, circumstances Will determine how long you live Mr. actor, Mrs. actress [Pras] I act will snatch gats from kids with packed back black raps In an Ac to get with that LH: Ah ah ah ah WI: Easy! [Wise Intelligent] Black people say I represent when I get my chance But when I'm rippin' to this beat, yo it's my nubian dance That I be doing Around these suckers' titles that I ruin Although you do not like the flow you should not have been booing Now you and your crew had better get your act together Before I have to cut the fool release the stormy weather Whatever you say, but nigga pop your shit my way And you'll be screaming "Mercy me" like if your name was Marvin Gaye Now put it away and stay the fuck up out my face I smack you in the mouth homeboy and you'll be missing taste What a waste to everything existing up till now So many claiming butter but just don't be knowing how LH: Ah ah ah WI: So my selector, come with the rhythm! [Pras] For sure I'm law to be the poor righteous conscious You might just feel thrust when I touch like Midas My toungue is gigantic, lyrics are tremendous Wyclef and Pras they drop hits wherever they goes like Gladys Catch the midnight train to Georgia As my tongue does a dropkick like Sgt. Slaughter New world order, you lions who are trying to roar I'll silence you lambs like Jodie Foster There's no need to feel sentimental Parental guidance is advised for those who despise The Wise and Intelligent, Refugees, immigrants LH: Ah ah ah ah WI: My selector, Culture Freedom lay the wickedest basslines [Wise Intelligent] May...I... kick a little something for the G-O-D's in the J-E-R-S-E-Y Because you niggas know me I'm the da gan ya dee Sixteen five four three five coincide freak wise Time you recognize who run up in the nine Rush like water raw cuts in your guts Trails from Rozelle oh hell we rock bells Live as Stuyvesant, Wise and them, rise again The Gods A.V.G. they'll bomb Washin- No man 'em trouble they jet something Don't make me have to kick you on your God damned chin I'll frappe you in your head with bottle of Heinekein La Mister Wise [Lauryn Hill] OK, ha My intellect will protect what you threaten Captain to Lieutenant, even take cadets in I take them all rich and to the powerful Don't fear no other force I be defining your hardcore The folklore you spread down over tracks Got you gassed off some shit may I suggest Ex-Lax Relax! Your whole perception seems to be distorted In my dimensions fake refugees get deported Jokers be biting each other's styles so much it's eerie So many deja vu's but can't no other crews come near me It's weary, my brothers couldn't hold this if they grasped it Confession to Jesus are even tried to master I passed it off the levels of your mere mathematics I'm on some astrophysics Quantum Leaping on your tactics Triple bypasses, your crew's slow as molasses While I amass cream like Jackie Kennedy Onassis Ah ah ah ah Refugee P.R.T. connect New Jersey, this is how we do it WI: If hip hop was a thing that money could not buy The righteous would never live and the righteous would never die Poor Righteous teachers and Refugees come to testify We world sexy style Yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Product G&B f/ Marie Antoinette, Pras Album: In Too Deep soundtrack Song: Bust a Nut Typed by: Mothegreat@bet.com [Pras] Yeah, Refugee Camp [G] Yo [Pras] G&B [G] Come Here Bitch [Pras] *Laughs* [G] Yo (Chorus) x2 [Product G&B] I wanna bust a nut in you Tell me what you want me to do You wanna take me I'll be there Bitch are you easy [G] Peep the scene just me and you You got your chicks I'm down with my crew Let me turn your body out I wanna bang your ass all around You know what I want So shorty don't you front [Product G&B] Oh no, no [G] To feel your body close to me Slide the pussy closer and you will see (Chorus) x2 [Pras (during Chorus 2nd time)] Uh huh yeah Come here, come here Uh huh Yeah  [B] Piecing two just you and I Everything is nice and you're sucking me right See we can go to your place or mine All I wanna do is bust inside You know what I want so lets start [Product G&B] All over [B] Your body's tip is getting  [Product G&B] Stronger [B] You're sucking me while in the spot Can't wait any longer (Bridge) [Product G&B] Tonight, tonight, tonight [G (Pras)] Girl you know what we came to do (Uh huh) After the session done you're leaving the room (Check it) (Bridge) [Pras] Tonight, tonight [G (Pras)] Don't further defer the plans (Yeah) Cause bitch you know I'm not your man (Chorus) x2 [Pras (during chorus)] Huh? Yeah Come here Yeah you Talk to me Yeah, yeah Uh huh (Vamp) x2 [Product G&B (Pras)] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah, yeah) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah, yeah) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah, yeah) Uh, uh, uh, uh, (uh) [Marie Antoinette (Pras)] Yo, uh, yeah Bust a nut in me shit You don't know who you fucking with (aight) Pull your pants down let me how big is your dick Gotta be big enough to beat this fat ass with And before you stick it in better head for the clit (why) Bang, bang these niggas like it's no next day Leave their dick so limp There balls wanna jump inside the pussy and play Dominatrix with Marie Antoinette Two nuts is all you got nigga I'm just getting wet [Pras] Fuck two nuts, listen here I bust ten With enough adrenaline The strength of ten men When I penetrate Girlfriend I'll have you wylin  Dick strong like Long Island Plus long like Long Island What [Marie Antoinette] Fuck you so hard your platinum turn plated Ghetto Superstar is always over-rated What you want Suck the cunt From the back or the front Your dick ain't good enough  So I have to smoke a blunt To puff (Chorus) x2 [Pras (during Chorus)] Come on What you crazy Yeah What you wanna do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Queen Latifah f/ Jaz-a-Belle, Pras Michel (Prazwell) Album: Order In The Court Song: Paper Typed by: Janis (janis@betatesters.com) 1 - 	ReFugees, go 'head and do it 	Paper 	Go 'head and do it Repeat 1 five times Ooh, I betca' wondering how I knew That you been tryin' to infultrate my crew It ain't no hiding from the Flava U. Don't get it confused, you ain't untouchable (Go 'head and do it) And while I been tryin' to keep my cool like a queen (Ooh, like a queen) Without them bringin' the naughty girl outta me (Ooh, naughty girl outta me) 2 - 	Don't cha know I heard you tryin' to take mine 	While I shine, you're living fake lives 	Don't ya know I heard you tryin' to take mine	 	But while I shine ya lip and fake y'all styles 	All around me 	(Hata's tryin' to play La'  	but they know that they can't take her paper) 	Go 'head and do it Everybody talking see Spreadin' them lies about my friends and me They say that we're tighter than suppose to get That's because I haven't let ya chill wit me yet You make it hard for a girl to roll (Ooh, girl to roll) But make it easy so my pockets stay swol' (ooh, pockets stay swol') Repeat 2 [Pras] That's right, yeah Check it, check it, why Check it, check it Come on, come on  Yo, yo Where my fellas at? Where my fellas at? Where my ladies at? Where my ladies at? [Queen Latifah] As I look back on my life (check it) To get where I am I had to sacrifice You slammed my name in your magazine This business gets hard tryin' to stay a queen You're checkin' for me, you need to check yourself (Ooh, check yourself) And be someone, not someone else (Ooh, someone else) Repeat 1 Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Santana f/ Cee-Lo, Lauryn Hill Album: Supernatural Song: Do You Like it the Way Typed by: JestaThaJuggalo@aol.com Verse 1- Lauryn Hill Watch the Masta Plan, The pastures span, Through the streets, flipped the beat,  move the sheep like the Shepard. It's a new day, my crew stay,  forever striving. Give thanks cuz we alive, and been through the gutter. Now we See the Horizon, It's clear to me now. Used to be confused, Took a lot of years to see how. Now, we movin planets, take the average mind and expand it. You take for granted like we're  always gonna be disadvantaged. But soon come, it soon come, ya soon done. Ya start run, you stumble, we catch one. In the rhythm, Santana lick the guits with precision Not accidental, intentional,  concious decision. To Zion, we're marching through with African Mayans conquering Babylon with the heart of a lion Behold to watch yesterday come back around. And the walls of Jericho come a tumbling down Verse 2- Cee-Lo Tell me how long has it been Is everything, everything alright my friend You see, time is passing, people asking how com none of this is lasting Money will, make people deal like they don't even have to feel But no, it ain't real, it ain't real Chorus- Cee-Lo Oh, Do you like it the way that it's going down Do you like it the way that it's going down Ooh, Do you like it the way Verse 3- Cee-Lo How long, how long will we wait, to sit down and communicate See, everything is relative, if you want to get, then give Can't we all just build and live, can't we, can't we? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Sting, Prazwell Album: forthcoming compilation of Sting/Police greatest hits Song: Roxanne * * send corrections to HJWESS1@MSG.PACBELL.COM [Puff] Yeah ye ye yeah yeah Sting, Bad Boy remix come on [Pras] Yo yo yo Hey yo shake what ya mama gave you is her motto pour out the bottle blow out the candle too broke to hold too shallow to handle get all today you never promised tomorrow Yeah her moves remind me of kung fu flicks Thick lips that contradicts rules of the game she plays the politics Red light special red light district put on ya make up body all made up Platinum played up Pearl Jam cut up Roxanne Roxanne you don't really have to put on ya red dress if you feeling kind of blue She got the hots for the disco jocks rock ya socks at the pop of the tops Never get cool like to call it Glock Twisted minded like Bob Zealot Roxanne (Roxanne Roxanne) You dont have to put on the red light (ye ye ye yeah yeah) Those days are over You dont have to sell your body to the night (c'mon)(Roxanne Roxanne) Roxanne Roxanne Roxanne You dont have to wear that dress tonight (remix) Walk the streets for money You dont care if it's wrong or if it's right (ye ye yeah) Verse Two: Yo what's the haps girl, dancing for the green paperback Sitting at the bar drinking up Cognac She steps in the room, dont know how to act Sweet in emergence, similar to Similac It was the hat Cats wanna be around her shine She wants to party, have a good time She feels kind of hot me feelin' feelin' fine Diggin' all her life just to get a gold mine Bro making the streets she's the pimper's paradise Jewels around her neck getting strong with the ice She said I heard of ya crew I'm the number one fan Of the refugees down from the islands Driving the Bentleys with her pretty pretty friends Sippin' colada every day is a weekend Heard your name was Pras outta Brooklyn And fifteen million place with your total sound scan I loved you since I knew you (I like this part, Roxanne Roxanne) I wouldn't talk down to you I have you to tell just how I feel (Roxanne Roxanne) I won't share you with another boy (Ye ye ye yeah yeah) I know my mind is made up (Roxanne Roxanne) So put away your makeup (Roxanne Roxanne) Told you once I wont tell you again It's a bad way (Ye ye yeah, yeah) Roxanne You dont have to put on the red light Roxanne You dont have to put on the red light x2 Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Repeat until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dante Thomas f/ Pras Album: Miss California CD single Song: Miss California (Rap Remix) Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Pras] (Dante) Uh, I mean I'm just sittin right here (California) Ckeckin out these ladies right here, baby you hot (This is where he saw her) I mean you sexy, oh my God, (I long to love her) Imagine one question: "Where you from anyway?" [Dante] 1- She's Miss California, hottest thing in West L.A.  House down by the water, sails her yacht across the bay  Drives a marinello, hollywoods her favorite scene  Loves to be surounded with superstars that know her name She's a rich girl from the top of the food chain Love and material things, kinda lonely 'Til I met her at the Grammys, ten mill' on a diamond ring She invites me, to spend a day on the jet skies At first it didn't mean a thing, then she told me I'm the one that she searched for, it was hard to believe Repeat 1 In a couple a days she had me a bracelet made From Harry Hinstons' place, went horseback Up to the mountain top, showin me the land she's got Well it's alright but somthing else is on your mind Looking past all that shines, now the tears are running too All those things are nice but it's not why I'm here I will wipe away your tears, simply by just loving you. Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Pras] Ah, aha, nah, yo yo Ayyo she first saw me bling at the Source Awards Toll the money in a fame when the world is yours Til a ghetto superstar and I love to floss Talk a player, bring my clique you bring yours Bros' nah, they just want to mislead us Breathes cheetas and tell us they don't need us Midas up in the spot no skieses please believe us We can get strange Evas, street G's Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Pras] Uh uh uh, by the way I lick my lips Cause you can tell I talk slick Move like a pimp when I go to pick Throughs my women like an unfill draft First round second round, this is a no craft "Como estas senorita?", cock back Cristal Sip my corida, have some ice But never I'm caressin, and you act raw nice My flight with Paris, street G's Repeat 1 