The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power, Respect Song: Yonkers Tale Typed by: David1452@aol.com *background singing, children playing* This is the north part of Yonker Their home A whole world all to itself You could get to any borough 30 minutes from here It might as well be 3,000 miles away Over there, that's Alexander Street Precinct The sounds of the sirens fill the neighbornood It was around 1997 L-O-X was the sound of the street (*short clip of a song by the Lox*) Felt like there was a Bad Boy in every corner back then Was the time then Mike Tyson was about to fight Holyfield For the heavyweight title Tyson was that nigga, word up Pops used to sneak us into the gambling spot To watch the fight on pay-per-view That's Gettys Square That's where everything went down at I'll talk to y'all about that later Over there That's the hill That's where we got rated at Cops battling A little red house 59, Chestnut Street, second floor That's the lookout store Ayo when shit was moving slow at the spot All you would here is... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ Puff Daddy Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: Livin' The Life (Puff talking) Yeah, the game of life In this game it's not whether you win or lose But how you played the game Come on (Stylez) Everything involves The Lox Ask the niggas with the money in the safe And the cats on cell blocks Car parked in the lot Door is locked And the only time the phone is blocked is when home is hot I announce the bounce Smooth like an ounce Blow more ways than one Y'all niggas count One Mississippi - you can't get with me Two Mississippi - you never gon' hit me Three Mississippi - can't no bitch trick me Four Mississippi - won't no dog sick me Five Mississippi - we in Mississippi Twenty deep in the block Real niggas rock with me Blazing, reving in the black 9-11 Lox out of sight like Michael Knight and Kevin Living dead Hoes giving head to the Feds Catch him with the calico Light him up in bed Chorus x2 (Stylez) Livin' the life, either you rise or fall It's a two-way street be large or small Livin' the life, either you die or ball It's a two-way street be rich or poor (Sheek) My niggas order parts for cars like motherfuckin' pizza For years While you get all yours from Sears What!? Nigga even my guns be Ger-man Links, Cu-ban Rugs, Persian Now we can take this another level Pa-Pa And simply bust your pinata you hot-sa Lox take blocks Turn 'em into Fort Knox Cake wasn't blowin' here Till we started going there What!? I ain't hateing you cause you's a little richer But you old and I'm young, so that mean I think quicker When bitch drunk I'm bent up I bounce with the land blow (?) Pump the missile Black berry molassi Flossin' with the bad mama sita My chi-ca Be ten cent Job with the government Tap the Fed line So when they raid I'll be lovin' it Chorus x2 (Jadakiss) I swear under oath no bullshit will any Lock take Cause we stop drama like anti-lock brakes High stakes Politic, pies and cakes Real niggas do dirt, tell lies, then skate What up son? What you bullshittin' bout now huh? Where we from? Don't matter cause we gettin' it done Land Rover, double sun roof Bulletproof Tangaray and grapefruit Got me hurlin' on my boots Man please Spit it out, twist the trees 5-40 I fly when I'm dissin' the d's Deep Dish P. Sip Dom P. with ease First two words I ever learn, cock and squeeze Ain't about that Trying to do without that Makin' niggas fuck up their budget Time to get their paper route back L-O-X three letter word, black mall With every last member of the team on the job Whether ir be controllin' the street Holdin' the heat Really don't matter to me Long as we eat Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: If You Think I'm Jiggy Typed by: DeePhunk@aol.com (Chorus) If you really dig me, and you think I'm jiggy Come on shorty let me know We can get together, we can do whatever But you cant get no dough (Verse 1) Yo, since the Mona video you been trackin' me down tryin' to figure out how I lookin'perso-nal, Baby forget looks tell me can you roll with crooks the three hot niggas rising in the Billboard books, nigga we look at things through the big lens, big picture big Benz we try and make CEO ends, the thick chicks love us, big dick style niggas Cristal niggas, ya'll finesse this quick style niggas you didn't love me when my name was Sean Now you should see how bitches act when the Benjamins come on but I ain't hatin' em, you gotta love the ways females play Quickly use a neglige to getta get-away Five stars where the willies stay, and Sheek pay for nothing but thats what ya'll herbs get for frontin' I spend wild chips gettin' drunk up in the China Club, while you up in Skate Key wit a minor (Verse 2) I know she wit it, I betta brick I could hit it Black tie affair I gotta fresh pair of British Ice Berg shirts with Ice along with it turquoise, 9-11 Porsche and it's tinted but honey got alot of jazz, You gotta philly You gotta bag, then she went inside the Prada bag Blew two and she said it was choice, like my voice my thug style made her cat moist that's the realest shit I heard, that's my word Regardless who she fucked, I'm the nigga she deserves I put her on the hole in Jerz, rockin' furs different ways to speak without using words And even though she proper I still gotta drop her Cuz Sheek dont like her, had a dream that he shot her I cant buy you ascotta, you get nada I'm the bounce with a chick that look a little bit hotter (Chorus) They was never mine for me to dump em its just like checkers, after they make a move then I jump em It's like this girlfriend I'm a keep it real, every nigga with a deal ain't able to peel I'm a Bad Boy so I'm caked up with whips And guess what, I got more nuts than chips And they gon' melt right in your mouth not in your hand, You know that you aint my girl I'm not your man But do you still wanna lick me? or is cause I'm a six figgy niggy, and I know Biggie and I dont mess with no fat ladies but if you pay like you weigh then you can stay baby PJ slide to tha mo like that with this honey named trout cuz she blow like that and when we finish dont look at me like I owe nothin' cuz if you really dig then let me know something (Chorus 2X) 	(extra verse of album "If You Think I'm Jiggy" by the Lox) Styles: It's a drunk laid out in the V.I.P., can't talk about a 3 on 3 Heard a freak ask Sheek "Big Luch why don't you pee on me?" And her friend is tellin' Jay "I hold a key on me." And I'm laughin' to myself, I got a key on me And they friend in my ear like Lean On Me Told her to get some bare backs and cream on me... Sheek: Yeak Sheek holler to these mommies "Ven aqui..." Gas 'em up easily and take 'em home with me Who respect this, can't keep her hands off my necklace If it's good, next week I'll put her on the guest list... Jadakiss: This goes out to all ya'll There's too many names to call but ya'll know who ya'll are See me at the bar all eyes on the R... O-L to the E-X, sip the Henny and VS 112 sex styles baby, maybe we can fall in the L.O.X. files You betta believe we all scorin', yeah We can dance all night and do whatever all mornin'...ha ha...yeah... CHORUS (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ DMX, Lil' Kim Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: Money, Power & Respect Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com (Lil Kim) See I believe in money, power, and respect. First You get the money. Then you get the muthafuckin, power. After you get the fuckin' power muthafuckas will respect you. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Sheek Louchion) Ayo my whole clique bout it, bout it. We take yours while you pout about it. Truck, step out the whore's wanna' crowd around it. You could see me on optimum TV. Go in your bathroom turn the light out. Scream! Bloody Mary, 1, 2, 3.  Sheek ain't your usual friend. About to setchu' up like Kaiser and walk straight at the end. I'm done wit' ice and charms. I'm tryin' my whole casket when I'm gone. Pull up wit' class on the don'. Once I meet em' I greet em'. Kiss his feet for freedom. Tell em' thank you lord. Cuz on Earth I was gettin' bored. Now resurrect me back to this cat called Sheek. So I can make this album. And get back the cats that's weak. Two thirty, six two. Me bust for you that's like a cat vs. a pitbull. Gun, know clip full, keep hunger. And plan for the future, cuz you figure you gon' be older way longer than you gon' be younger. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. It's the key to life. (Styles) Only time could tell how the clock ticks. I'm really loved here but I'm still a hostage. Two personalities check the posture. Smoke out the mouth clear out the nostrils. You think of death but the life seem scary. I'm past the graveyard seein' people Hail Mary I ain't chillin til' I'm out parachutin'. Race my man in mountain climbin' for about ten diamonds. Twenty five thousand a piece. Fuck streets! Tryin' to own the island. Forget about wilin'. Try ridin' in the car that be glidin'. If I showed you where I lived you would think I was hidin'. Sling dick to chicks that don't speak English. Wake up in Trinidad, like fuckin' em rich. Come back. Private jet live on set. If you could shit gold like you split the decks. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (Jada Kiss) Yo nutin' but the hotness. Whenever we drop this. Monotonous for ya'll to keep hatin', cuz ya'll never gon' stop us. I keep my rocks spotless, and my hoes topless. Take time try to figure out who da Lox is. Fear no one. Kick rhymes like Shoguns. You scared to blow one. Get robbed wit' your own gun. If I don't respect you I'm ah check you. And if I don't kiss you I'm a peck you, right before I wet' chu. I sneeze on tracks an' bless you. I'm special.  And if you like workin' out, then I'm gon' stretch you. Husslin' is dead but we still get red. Turn the spots in the bakeries to get back bread. And ya'll said my monies spent. But it's in the Bent'. So when the feds come the dogs can't get a scent. For my story, self-explanatory  that I'm the hottest thing on the street. An' yall ain't got nutin' for me (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. (DMX) Arf, arf. This is a beat that I can freak to just drop the reals. Plus a nigga wit' the ill. Ya'll niggas know my skills. Ass from the grills get em' up, split em' up, wet em' up. And watch em' come get em' up, Set em' up. When you do dirt, you get dirt. Bitch, I'll make your shit hurt. Step back like I did worse. This ain't no fucking game. You think I'm playin, till you layin. To where? The junkyard decayin'. Mom's at home prayin' that chu comin' home. But chu not, cuz you sittin up in the trunk startin to rot. And hell is hot, I know because I'm here now Baby. It's goin' down baby. Git the full pound baby. And let off up in a nigga, especially if he think he bigga' than my muthafuckin' trigga'. Did I? Can I get my? Is it gone? DMX represent for one time. It's on. (Chorus [Lil Kim]) It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Help you sleep at night. You'll see the light. It's the key to life. Money, power, and respect. Whatchu' need in life. Money, power, and respect. When you eatin' right. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. Money, power, and respect. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ Puff Daddy Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: Get This $ Typed by: pete1119@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com (Puff talking) Why they always talking about money? Cause we like money bitch Yeah, yeah, yeah L-O-X and we won't stop Bad Boy, I'm a show you how we get this money (Stylez) You can't take this Players hate this Rainbow glow European bracelet Made his mouth drop, now he need a face lift Mommies run up on me and ask me to taste it Hand on my crotch Got to be the sales or the band on my watch Damn I'm so hot! They call me arrogent While you slide with seven mommies in a Caravan You start traveling I'll make you a believer Hotter in the club getting brain from a diva Leave with a beezer Black Cadillac riding with an old geezer With ten different hustles so every foe sees us No reason We just peas in a pod trying to get the paper We the g's in the lot Long as the water boil we bound to keep it hot It's gon' be turmoil if you thinking that it's not Chorus x2 (Puff) I'm a show you how you get this money (Make it hot) I'm a show you how you get this money (Don't stop) I'm a show you how you get this money (I fucks wit you) I'm a show you how you get this money (Get money) (Jadakiss) Three fly cats that get money with go gimmicks Y'all just so timid My soldiers be no limit What you know about renting a yacht with twenty jet-skis And riding out till the Coast Guard come and get me Beat that! Me, Stylez, and Sheek be like 4, 5, 6 so no matter what you roll you can't beat that Who you know could take an old record and flip like Puff? From small clubs to arenas Who flip like us? Everytime they pull up Whips be plush Chicks be tough Bad Boy, Hits R Us Back it's me, West Indies Slimmy Me and Kimmy And I taught her how to say, "May I have a steady gimme" I ain't bustin cause we picked up them joints you tossed Y'all was hot until The Lox came and cooled y'all off It's the Kiss Are you hearing me? I think I'm blessed lyrically Mad rappers with three LP's sill fearing me Chorus x2 (Sheek) You see, we bounce on tracks like bas-ketball And bust down songs till our throat need Halls L-O-X-pedition I spend all day fishing And won't catch one Just me and mommy out in the sun Just sailing, chain so icy if I threw it up You think it was hailing Don't even ask me what the price be To go to a show, no clubs just arenas Headliner Stevie Wonder, no small cat between us After parties be goin like Venus My chick gots be the meanest Before I come That night If she ain't she ain't partying right That's how we like to play in Bad Boys with all the fly shit And that's how we do the chips kid Multiplying Beef, don't apply it Please don't try it cause we ain't with that But if so you gon' need a plastic bag where your shit at Lox and we got that cash you want to get at Chorus x3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ Carl Thomas Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: Let's Start Rap Over (Puff talking) See, I want to get back to the love Let's start love over, come on Chorus (Carl Thomas) Let's start love over Back to the way things were Forget about them Cause all we got is us We can make it Sad if we try I want to start love over Let's make it do or die (Stylez) When I was nine years old I realized there was a road At the end I would win lots of pots of gold Days, when I used to have my play clothes on I would make up my rhymes the middle of Voltron But you've learned what the herbs do Breaking curfew Hit the park when it's dark, make it stand like a podium Niggas had a box and a strip of linoleum Some break a boogie but those that don't Was usually a fighter Rollin' easy riders Sending people to the store for a soda and a lighter A real cool cat that would let you keep a dollar But now things change and it's the days of tomorrow Little kids is big now They'll push your wig now Can't send them to the store But you can send them for roll And put them on my vine And give them one big push for all mankind Chorus (Jadakiss) People still taking rapping for a joke A passing hope Or a phrase with a rope What ever happened to the caddies, white walls, and spokes? Crates of records, turntables, plenty of folks Remember playing in the streets, touch football Look y'all Somebody get mad and bounce with they football Twenty four hour block parties Everybody on the block pissing you a dark hardy Adults used to think I was scheming But I was dreaming to one day make a hot album and have 'em all fiendin' Now everytime that I rhyme I can tell that you like it Be nursing the tunes like the mind of a psychic Your mind is weary, floating like a dove Sweating and things, like you were making love Control the crowd so they can accept it Total concentration is the perfect method Bridge (looped while Puff talks) Where's the love? Somebody tell me Where's the love? Because we want to know (Puff talking) I remember everybody I loved, everybody It wasn't always player hating There wasn't jealousy and all this envy It was the love (Sheek) Ayo hip hop Set out in the park What? We used to do it out in the dark All night long till the cops made us go Or till somebody's moms pulled the extension cord from the window Lees on, thinking you fresh Trying to impress Shorty with the baby hair pushed down on her forehead Ponytail swaying, she hot Standing like she bull legged, but she not You remember the days? That's when crack was affecting blacks like that Just drink some Valentine Ale, little reefer Friday night, go check out Star Child at the theater That's all corrupt Over rap you might get bust Say the wrong thing End up in a permanent sling Went from shelltops to hollowtops Used to rock the bus stop Now we electric slide from the cops Want some veterans in this That ain't keeping it real Now with God we chill over a record deal Always the good ones to go Never your enemies die Till this day I wonder why they took my man B.I. No time to yell rhymes in the microphone Take this more serious than just a poem Rock party to party While you're out the door But tear it up yo, let's start love over Chorus Bridge x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: I Wanna Thank You Typed by: eesteves@lynx.neu.edu (Jadakiss) Yo, you can't fake it Life's only what you make it Front, be a snake, mess around, get your weight it Ex-school boy who wanna go and try to take shit Found his body, in the projects, naked I ain't gonna lie, If I wasn't doing this now I'd probably'd be tied down, in a small town With my eyes on a couple of guys With their eyes on a couple of pies Cause I will survive Brains, is the key to the game If you ain't got none, what good is a shotgun? If you ain't got guns, then you better cop some 'Cause the New World Order's around the block, dun Streets be where Lox get their props from Check us on the Internet, L-O-X dot com (lox.com) A worldwide message, I try to express it The best I could, for ya'll to cherish, till I perish Chorus (Kelly Price) I wanna thank you, heavenly Father For shining your light on me It's been a long time Since I had someone to love me I owe my thanks to thee (Styles) They never expressed, that life's a part of death They never go there, but you can blow here The 25 to life and greens from below Where, outta nowhere, you in the bus, hands is cuffed Can't call your Mom, dog, you know times is rough you was out yesterday, stressing a better way Funny thing, they always seem to lock down Kings And the thugs on the street just love to say, "It's all foul." Watch the honeys check your style Worthless, when they worship, what you purchase They only see ice, not me, under the surface What's the purpose? I just, go my way Know my way, 'till bullets blow my way Which they might, 'cause any night can change your life Keep your state of mind tight and remain alright It's plain to fight, but different to shoot And might do it  If you ain't 10 different ways to get loot. Chorus (Kelly Price) (Sheek) Hey, yo, we handle rap like we do the street Holding heat It's them same crooked niggas Watching dough, ain't nothing sweet, word Buying beats is like copping grams Niggas got too many scams To give you garbage, slide the butters to their mans That's aiight, though 'Cause even ready rock gets sold on our block Watch us turn nothing into nitro And we don't mingle 'Cause none of us don't really know you From the heart, we never talk to strangers So why start? Anyway, we're rapping for this luxury shit I watch wild niggas blow See how plush shit can get But we ain't trying to kiss ass to blow up fast We gonna take our time and rely strictly on the rhyme If I, wasn't that cat, Sheek Lucian, that rap Would you still be my man And pass your bottle to my hand Would I be in the rain While you pass me in the Land Oh, you think by now that I don't already know your plan To get next to me and possibly sex me Then slip Ecstasy inside a nigga's Pepsi Money'll never amount to respect, B And you don't wanna test me 'Cause God blessed me. Chorus (Kelly Price) And I know  I know that it could not happen without you I know it could not happen without you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: Goin' Be Some Shit * * send corrections to Menace4430@aol.com I think it's time I start feelin bitchy I've been too nice, too muthafuckin long Yeah, it's definately time I get nasty [Goin' be some shit] Sheek: Yeah, yo, well if I can't talk less squall finish streets like the westerns Ten paces, turn around and squeeze at unfamiliar faces First y'all industry niggas shut the fuck up Swear you know a nigga's shit by readin the Vibe Well some faggit-ass reporter don, wrote in your life I stop the presses, don't let this be your last interview you do I say it straight, print it straight to avoid this bullet wound boo And y'all niggas kill me with that Windy Williams shit Well see a playa (?), swear a nigga Puff jerkin niggas money Something ain't right, them niggas ain't got no whips Where they rolley's at, but fuck y'all we got more chips Shit y'all doin nothin, I can buy a (?) for a bitch Now let me see what else, oh yeah these hoes act like we married We ain't engaged, don't be mad if I don't take you backstage Yo, if I hit that I hit that, why don't you leave it at that Instead you try to star sixty-nine my bitches on jacks That's why you get smacked, cause y'all hoes ain't never gon' learn That's why many of these younger brothers don't go on that turn As for y'all MC's, whoever write your rhymes Might as well hold your microphone, thats how I feel if it ain't your own But we spit as indivually writ, why you paid sixteen stars to write your sixteen balls Bought like sixteen cars and ain't like none of them yours Y'all niggas lucked up and made it through these doors, shut the fuck up Chorus: Shut the fuck up [Hot damn] (Goin be some shit) Sheek: Yo, yo, yo, aiyyo I pump up, get big walk through the party jig Hat back, tattoos thats straight to the bar, kid No weed, healthy as an ox the big man from Lox You see solo in some spots, no crew just blocks The freaky one, mom said I was soon to be done Because I sexed more, and my career's yet to begun But I can't help that, you bless me with they looks and pops with the yanks So now the dimes gimme brain, and spot me faster in his hand Sheek baby, my style been rough until Puff showed me the better things in life And how to live phat like Biggie, so I present my shit like that Half rough half jiggy, this part time college nigga, part time job Had to taste the cake one time and decided to rob, and buy drugs Caught slippin almost got Sheek plugged, Jack Daniel, dog Shorty rushed the buildin with the pump out, he spit around I'm like, whoa! I guess it was God that pushed my head down, cause I ain't know, word yo And since then neither religious or christian, but I keep the faith in Him Plus the desert eagle clan, so if niggas click they know by now they better (?), wha (Chrous) Sheek: Yo, aiyyo, my whole click been ConAir, everytime we fly but we don't jack shit We play it cool when in doubt no cash, platic, gats plastic Now thats sweet, unditected, so when I walk through the scanners it don't beep I hear fuck Sheek, fuck the Lox, Styles, and Jay, so what they signed to Bad Boy Puff jerkin them anyway, but the difference is if i'm gettin jerked I'm still seein noise Push the big boy toys that fly by like zooms So I sit and (?) like a bitch, Lox in Cancun Up in daddios fuckin wild hoes, the groupy chicas So fuck y'all, we paid y'all (..?..), we train hard continuously, cause we smart I rock you ran up them stairs, we run up charts and won't stop til one of us depart With one through the heart, but even then that won't stop us Cause or spirit gon' guide us, till we rich and old, hand worn down from arthritis In the hall of fame, we killed this game in your website like spiders Old and gray we're still the same Lox you can't divide us, wha (chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: The Heist (Part 1) Typed by: casey.palmer@tednet.oise.utoronto.ca [Jadakiss] At the table sayin' a prayer holdin' hands And we got two stolen Benz everything's according to plans If anybody in the fam gets pinched Don't worry 'bout your kids control your wench Don't worry 'bout the money it's gon' get rinsed And don't worry 'bout me I won't approach the bench Now let's roll out and get that paper retho It might look easy but it's not sweet though It's either do this shit now or don't eat yo This is real life this ain't no TV show Word up- backed out  With the macs out 'Nuff clips to shoot four duffels full of loot 22 Dilinger a piece for the boot Couple of bombs  Remote for the alarms Outside still runnin' two big black 1500s Me and Styles wasn't blunted Must be your point to deal with money Even though I was nervous somehow it was still funny I hopped in one son hopped in the other Word to mother both trucks burn rubber Figure we could blanff with a mil or two In a tentacle  I pulled up behind chemical Doors locked Styles left the other one Down four blocks it's on now ready or not [Styles] Synchronize your watch feed time to cops Get the rocks out the safety deposit box Kisses here and up all the guards on watch And the first thing I grab honey in the fotch Split for nothing  You get the same you hit the button Before we hit the safe  Where's the videotape Gotta look it in the face- forget it I want your eyelids in the bag got your seven digits Money and death- what you pick? And don't be a prick your life is worth more than chips Money is paper and the banks built bricks All of a sudden I heard a different gun's clip I couldn't be hit Cuz I didn't feel shit So I duck into cover Yell for my brother I yell yo [Jadakiss] Then I yell yo back You can bounce now dog I filled up two sacks Here's the dough keys to the truck go get in it Cuz time is our life and we ain't got a minute I looked outside and I saw the Lieutenant And I thought to myself, "Damn, Styles is finished!" We ain't come this far for this shit to happen Damn, nigga better get the Captain Heard six shots 'bout three hit the Captain Heard a few more but by then they attacked him Area surrounded parking lot packed in Just knocked my man off now I was trapped in But you know I'm going out in a blast With this last pineapple like they use in M*A*S*H And as soon as enough cops've filled up the room I pull the pin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: Not to be Fucked With Typed by: jayruss420@hotmail.com [Styles] Another small town cat with a million dollar fetish Learned my first lesson in jail from a peasant Always seem pleasant Happy to be present Said he past due, shouldn't have been in the essence Streets is like your girl, treat it like your wife You can flirt around with drugs, but don't hit the pipe You can mess around with guns but death ain't right Hold your breath, next step, cause life ain't right If you with the wrong cats then your cyph ain't tight Styles hit the darkside, show them the light Life ended to the ice that freezes MC's Friend of the flame, burn 'em in one game Tell oxygen he ain't hoppin in He a little time nigga, I ain't thinking of stoppin him Catch up first, you stretch up worse than them Been experts and done less work than them With no album, we net worth more than them These cats didn't think that The L.O.X. could do it I got a hundred different styles and they all congruent I'm the ghost of this shit, I provide you fluid That'll crack sidewalks and rise the sewers You got some fly shit, but my shit is like the whole city fallin out the sky bitch Loud crash, I'm the quiet loud ass Quick to set it off on your fuckin foul ass Make six digits eight and cop a palace Make every rapper sick and call me malace Y'all niggas never know what the Styles have Some shit in the stash that would crack a cow's back In a hundred pieces in they ass, and how's that? Never answer back, I'm the cancer on the track Just think, I could blink, and make the Pink Panther black [Chorus: repeat 2X] [Jada] Who's not to be fucked with? [S.P.] That's me [Jada] Who's to be fucked with? [S.P.] That's them [S.P.] Why don't you watch my back while I go ask them? [Jada] And if they want beef later on I splash them [S.P.] And if they want to flow, right now I thrash them [S.P.] Should I give it to them new style or old fashion [Styles] Do I have to break down the walls, stay off the floor I'm the general dog, I start the war Make every MC never spit again when I leave 'em empty No guts, no chest, no brain, no game Styles go broke, I'm a rob the folk train I feel no pain, steal cocaine Fuck black thugs that run through whole gangs Anytime that I want it nigga, better listen Blunt is the magic wand, I'm the magician Styles is the virus, ain't no physician With an anecdote that can stop my collision Before you start askin, I'ma start splashin When I come through, it's like ten planes crashin Twenty ships, full of thugs, all of them is bastards Mashed up, looking through binocs, about to crash in What's the next issue? Shit get offical Call Steven Spielberg, cop skin tissue So you could rock disguise when feds come and get you Next question is where NASA at? We need a hundred jeeps that fly when traffic's packed Bustin down on the crabs with plasma gats tell you right now you can't fuck with Pinero I make a lot of space when it seem real narrow Sagitarrius style, spittin out arrows Hundred at a time, killin a hundred heroes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power & Respect Song: Bitches From Eastwick Typed by: rekaniz@aol.com (Jadakiss) Ugh, Ugh, Ugh, Ugh Aiyo I woke up in a daze wit da slight headache You know tha usual tha studio gettin red late Serious jetlag when I get to bed late That why I fuck cause I be weak when I get head late Today I got a session wit Ronnie I mean Veronica Met her last year about a week before Hanukkah Sounds foolish I mean honey wasn’t jewish But she had a lot of dough and she was nice on computers She told me she was born and raised in Bermuda And came here to get a job as a tutor I pursued make a long story short screwed her She moved and she came back still on tha same track Same wit same chips ass it was still fat I aint really think she wuz a freak But she did ask a lotta questions bout Stylez and Sheik She called me and said she was in town fo a week The Westside, Manhattan, the Suite and tha Marquise How I felt about gettin up fo old times sake Ima bring Stylez and Sheik wit me datta be great Jus have two friendz we gon bring da truck and tha new Benz Desert in da stashin da Sony cam zoom lens All have ourselves one big hell of a weekend Eat at Puff’s joint an catch a show at tha beacon Twist a dutch blaze from Y-O to the Hudson Pass tha tall one 2-5 we still puffin’ We got tha heat on a cold night n da winter Stylez you remember, Sheik you remember (Sheek) Oh yeah, I remember dem hoes dat night We wuz at da beacon right Chris Tucker performing All of us wuz in der outside it wuz stormin Cats and Dogs Aiyyo dese hoes wuz tough Besides tha air condition on high we wuz icy enough From my neck to da belt buckle to our shoes shall i go on Wit 5 of us up front he needed shades to perform Mose from tha flo up we inside toe up I drink dey smoke no coke Besides tha shit he said on stage tha cash we had on us wuz no joke I slid fo seats down she sittin der smilin Lookin like she from an island not them chicks dat be out wilin’ Told me dat her name wuz Cindy Favorite show Mark and Mindy Favorite color green no kids but plan to have plenty We chit den chat bout dis n dat From what kind of whip she push To what bar she be at She played hard to get But we made it from tha movie to tha jacuzzi From tha jacuzzi to the bed We fucked until we both got woozy Woke up breath stinkin Yawnin and shit I smelt breakfast in tha kitchen but where wuz da bitch I walked in der it wuz cheese eggs and grits on da table Wit beef sausages and orange juice next to da cable Wit a note sayin sorry I had to rob you baby but I need cash like you I aint your ordinary slut or dick teaser please I need food in my freezer and by the time you read dis note I done been spent yo Visa (Stylez) I remember Beatrice but niggas like me call her B Cause she like to fuck doggy style plus hold da D But now I got to handle dis cause dey skandalous Cindy robbed shiek and moved to Los Angeles Like I wont killa frienz Went to bounce stole a Benz Note in tha garage Tu yall ontaraj Yall 3 rugged niggas but yall gotta get robbed Dont take it personal we didnt finish the job Manaje Twa We kill niggas wit dey dick hard They got me lookin’at da letta stuff Why da fuck dey left da truck 3 bitches in my house probly try to wet me up Crept to tha kitchen Seen Ronnie by the cabanet Tried tha gun holster with tha forty fo maganet Shot her in da heart Den caught tha earchess fabanet Den I seen Cindy Tha bitch tried to end me Running out da living room Bustin off Kissimee The bitch couldnt aim So I blew her out da frame Turned around to Beatrice Why you look speachless We could have lived it up and jus fucked on tha beaches And now you gotta die And da stupid bitch is reaching B’fo I cocked it back I heard tires screeching Saw Sheek and James Started muthafucking squeezin’ (GUNSHOTS) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power, & Respect Song: Can't Stop, Won't Stop * * send corrections to Menace4430@aol.com Come on, yeah [I'm comin] Come on, yeah [I'm comin] Come on, yeah [I'm comin] Come on, yeah [I'm comin] (2x) Stlyes: Can't stop, won't stop Everything drop like panties, hot like Miami Move like little black kid stealing candy Barely seen, honnies call me barely cream Real generals never fail eighteen Would you believe, I know what's up your sleeve If you said in your last time, (?) And thought he saw the devil, Jay kissed his feet You think not, as if Sheek won't bring it to you, give you asthmas Is he rockin cashmiere? Y'all know we don't pass there Matter fact, I scoped out there last year Hit him on the head said there ain't no cash there Stay home, Styles about to hit Tony Rhomes Puff out his own with this chick from Rome (?), funny how I'm greedy, used to be needy But now the Sean-Don keep the (?) Chorus-Puff Daddy: Too many people worried about what we got Everything we drop will be hot Puff Daddy and the Goodfellas don't stop Can't stop, won't stop (2x) Sheek: Hey, yo it's crazy we here now every chick want my baby My career clear while your shit look hazy Bang with us? I don't think so, we platinum plus With no airplay so ain't shit for us to discuss But when we hit, you can't understand how we did it At home praticin tryin to learn how we spit it Fourty-eight hours of old tea like Nick Nolte Young but O-G's at this rap shit nigga please One hit for all of us to start eatin  And wild stack on three weeks on bowell leather beats Our parents are sharp like cactuses And you can tell by chips, we sleep on matresses Dimes flooded out in the hidous Shit you see in magazines, cut out we freak them hoes Drop them clothes, double expose you in the lens Now relax as we videotape you in the bed (Chorus 2x) Jay: If we talk about dollars, only thing I turn down is my collar Pull out turn them around, if he reach make him holler Who runnin the town? The Goodfellas Puff is the godfather, dog, so why bother? With the third-person, you might catch me surfin Money I be jerkin, my newborn be burpin Can't stop, won't stop, I want respect And I only bum heads with checks In the suite with this honey from Bangladesh Pop a snapple, I (?) lay on my chest All I had to do was get it there, she doin the rest Take a L to the head, then we listen to flex Yes, the black hood, and I mack good With hydro and chocolate mixed in backwood Ask yourself, do you rap good or act good? Baby we ain't gon' stop, but you should (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power, & Respect Song: All For The Love [Jadakiss] What's the deally yo?  I gotta squeeze the juice outta the headphones (Jadakiss...) Yeah (I like that) Squeeze the juice outta the headphones Yo, yo yo [Verse 1] When you think of me you think of a problem Who? What? When? and how you gonna solve em Automatic or revolving The K I double S and, Here's the lesson Most beams is infared, but mine's is flourescent No matter where you go, I'ma spot you No matter how many people you put me in front of, I'ma rock you And if you try to be the hard top, I'ma drop you I got to, treat you like the clutch, and pop you Creep threw, in the 4-20 with your honey Cuz you ain't nuthin' but a playboy that turned bunny And the only the thing left to discuss is more money In these ??? games these chickens, try to run me Ya'll know ya'll can't touch us, I flow lushes It's so real I make her hop out, and get the dutches I'm sittin on a thousand birds, and I hide from the cameras (why?) Cuz a picture's, worth a thousand words Ain't ya'll heard? Ya'll get what ya'll deserved Ya'll do the catering, while we just get served And you got some nerve, for P-Hing Jason, do you have any idea who you facing? Just something about my shit, you'll never figure out It's hot it's burning my mouth, that's why I spit it out It must be, real hard for ya'll to listen And it's sad, niggas is to broke to pay attention Chilling, sittin' on about half a million And all my niggas, all my guns, all my women Next two years I should see about a billion All for the love of drug dealing -Repeat- [Verse 2] Hey yo, niggas know the line of work, Bullet proof designer shirt Rolling with a China Doll, She'll be reminding ya'll Don of the underworld, every block minded it of course Jadakiss and L-O-X boss A pro cause I grow off the shit that I absorb You just another so and so, trying to flow, going broke You trying to buy property, set it up for growing coke Niggas making a movie, so I came to edit Wiping everybody out, right before the credits I'm a hard guy to get along with, get on a song with When shit be going right, I flip into the wrong shit The prime artist, expect me to rhyme hardest Slash con artist, gonna get mine regardless I ain't even big and I size niggas up Cuz they eyes give em up, look at em and see they butt I'm 22 with 10 ends so there that go You hear that flow, and drove the underground wacko Every since 12 I've been spittin like tabacco Relax though, Pop the tape CD and the wax though They wonder how, but the thing about ours We open up 24 hours Niggas don't sleep with eat so when they speak it mean power So you should keep quiet, you a coward About to be layed out flat, and pushing up flowers [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ Kelly Price Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: So Right * * send corrections to boggmoss@harborcom.net [Styles] Catch me in the dirt ?? In the ?? porche burning out Head across seas, bout to turn it out Coming back home to a furnish house We three deep, What?, and we ain't get no sleep We on the next flight, 25 a night, damn right Plan is to keep the fam tight Copping the Vipe and I ain't stopping at the light Can't see the dice, ice to bright Heard he with a pretty chick, you a idiot Get a record deal and not take it serious Plan to make hits for a long period Hell of a living, shit being on television Ball i'ma score everytime there's an inning I once had had a mill and it's just the beginning Everybody want a pool, I need an ocean to swim in Chorus: [Kelly Price] ?Your fault?, So right (so right) It makes me want more (it makes me want more) ?Your fault?, So tight (so tight) You need an encore (give me an encore) [Sheek] yeah, yeah, yeah, what up, yo, hey yo, hey yo Hey yo before I rock a show I pray to God in a huddle Sheek laid back, you know I'm bout to bubble All ya'll hate that, tryin to keep me in trouble We take things serious, ya'll do it for fun Cuz when we hit we stick like noodles when then done International despite thee, Westcoast beef I blew it down on Keenen Ivory Wayans, got the all with a grain for the pain So if we conflict you get all in yo brain You gonna play this like little kids play hoolahoop From day til it's dark with the fat man scoop Now you spook, you heard Lox about to drop Pop the top, we got this in a can like Pringle Heard one song, now you changing up your single While I mingle, Sheek the black man gingle In a club with two mommies, that's bilangual Chorus [Jadakiss] Yeah, wha?, wha?, yo yo yo yo Now what ya'll think we here for? aight then Get this money, keep it tightened, right when All ya'll thought ya'll was coming to get us Cuz we lost B.I.G., but he still wit us Fooled ya'll ass, ya'll tools don't blast All we do is make hot songs and use ya'll cash I hang my plaques in the bathroom Cuz I'm sill thinking bout making a hit While I'm taking a shit Playa Haters be scraping the 6 For no reason, that don't even make no sense I'm happy they made them with bullet prrof glass tints If you want beef, see you at the Bad Boy cook out Get a new look out, pull your black book out Who you know pal for enough to distribute 2.5 and that's just the tribute Anything envolved with Benji's we with that With the good comes the bad never forget that Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Money, Power, and Respect Song: Everybody Wanna Rat [Sheek] uh, yo, yo Hey Yo it's fucked up, in the right hand Flash his badge with his left hand On some Donnie Brascoe shit, forget about it Made men, should hang with made men Not the wife and children, that's when rats come in It be your girl in the palor, talking like shit rich And next to her, gettin her nails done is your enemy's bitch Now you stuck, cuz she in there, leeking, speaking Not knowing, she being, followed, on the decan Niggas talk to feds like, it's a sport Lord forbid the head nigga get caught And watch the whole family tree break down, faster than you thought I watch the nigga with my own eyes get knocked, no doubt Next week he outside front, how he get out? Now that's guapo nigga ?? his family talk ?? Mexico for safety you get twist for that sammy shit Thinking you threw with the feds and all that That's when they got you, just like that kid from Strapped I stay, clear to mubblers who mubble to the cops Brick fumblers who just want a nigga popped But the only thing I pop is my burners in the dark CHORUS [Jadakiss] Yo it's like that cha'll (that cha'll) Time to stack ya'll (stack ya'll) Nowadays everybody wanna rat cha'll (wanna rat cha'll) And it don't even matter where you at cha'll (where you at cha'll) When the feds come and get you that's that cha'll (that's that cha'll) [Repeat] [Styles] Fake lieuteno, on a sing, make a demo Switch up ya ammo, fill out the memo Now you got the dogs locked up in the kennel Rat, talking to the cops like that On a 3-4 P you can't cop like that You ain't have a chance, fly from Japan Talk to the judge, get you out the can My man had the same case (that's my word) Spent three years in the same place, He still there Came down for a pill, it was still real there Money came between us, know you seen us Move like the teamsters in the beamers Get blacked down and hit the cleaners The feds know everything, who bled and everything Before we got red, honeys giving us head Herion and guns is on the files of Styles But they came in the crib, lifting the towel Heard the sergent scream out "start stripping the child" And they blew down the door ?? snitching involved Wonder who? A boss, or a nigga under you Probably figure it out, when you sit for one or two Six months in bail, is how you catch a snail Moving real slow, tryin to steal dough CHORUS [Jadakiss] Lies to the story, mines yours and the truth What you talk for? They ain't even had no proof But you play this street business, all in the street To visit him now, you gotta drive for a week What you expect? Messing with the guard so tough Fuck calling his bluff, they made him put his cards up Your hands, wrists, and neck was rocked up Now 23 hours a day you locked up Your girl, she out in the world, knocked up By some cat you supposed that shot up Man enough to eat steak wit em, get cake em But you scared to go upstate wit em Where you going, you won't get good sleep no more See the street no more, or skeet no more Ride around in the P, with the heat no more From top to not even on your feet no more 'Fore they gave ya any time, you spoke your mind Since they giving out jerseys, get on line For your football numbers, wanna take us all under What happened to shorty? They gave him tall numbers I don't think so, I don't think so either But he told em every thing he knew and made em hit the ?? CHORUS to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX Album: Money, Power, & Respect Song: The Interview (Pt. 2) So what's L-O-X about? Livon Off Experience The LOX man Word up We doin it hard, cause we just livin off experience And we just do it and we do it for real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Fuck You Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com Shit Feel this If your hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you (fuck you) Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you (fuck you) And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you (fuck you) Only my man blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you [Jadakiss] Yo, everybody's a snake That's why I try to keep the grass cut So I can see 'em when they coming Then I heat they ass up Cuz' them niggaz that you went to school with Will catch you while you in your new whip And turn your brains into Cool Whip Niggaz that you running round getting ass with Ain't gon' help you do nothing but carry your casket Got the nerve to ask Kiss why I smoke so much And how I'm such a young nigga that seem to know so much While you was running round pumping for niggaz I was listening And you still pumping for niggaz I'm coming through visiting You heard, L-O-X came through in a yellow Lex And hop out with the Air Force One's with yellow checks And you liable to see me Dolo, icing the Rolo Burner under the Polo, alot of y'all is homos Funny style niggaz never down with me Type that go to the bathroom, sit down and pee I'll empty your house, back of your cribs, smacking your kids Bullets going through your leather, cracking your ribs Don't even hit me on the hip if I ain't give you a code And I ain't got a home phone number, I live on the road Now I'm getting bigger checks, conference calls with bigger 'xecs Bigger bracelets with bigger baguettes Fuck y'all [Styles] All I do is get high, and think of fading you all Motherfuckers hit 'cha knees and just pray to the Lord I'd rather die today than live tomorrow Then watch you crab motherfuckers just steal and borrow Put in my work, you might get put in a church Funeral time, everybody kissing the corpse Learn the ropes, don't riff if you soft, you pissin me off Call me S.P., and I spit on your boss You can die cause this shit might happen to me But I'mma still happen to be, packin the 3 Fuck with bitches that be wrappin the keys And the niggaz that bug over drug money, clappin the D Shoot in the breeze, 9 in the boot, full of trees 1 in the morning, catch me with a gun on the corner Let you know it's all real and you can front if you wanna I understand, fuck it dog, die in the can I say you pussy, you won't die for your right-hand man as well as your left, niggaz trade felon for death They touch you, only thing I can say is fuck you [Sheek Luchion] A-yo, y'all niggaz ain't hardcore, all my niggaz is homicide What you know about getting shot, letting the drip dry Letting the spit fly, seeing sparks whiz by Putting a M*A*S*H on niggaz like Klinger and Horgi So soft you smushy, I blast 'til your shit is gushy Should be the head Cat in the Broadway play, you pussy Fuck with Sheek, Ouija board spell "Death" You can talk that beef shit, I hope that deep shit Be as deep as you inside the fucking cement Or you can deep sea dive, with no scuba gear I'll drown you with your snorkel on, bitch, breathe out of there Whole team rich, never seen a summer like this Baking hot, and you can sled ride down my wrist, neck, and hand When it comes to coke, I can make a snowman, shit Play in this shit make a angel with it And I don't give a fuck about that 380 that y'all share Between the 10 y'all with the same 8 bullets from last year When I bust I use snubs, denim flee in the spot The hand I write with need a oven glove, my shit so hot I want the most, Roley only work when it's next to my post Fuck a present gimme a yacht master, regular bezzy Then I'm good when I'm in the hood and I'm on the block You got a gut feeling about shit, nigga, that means you shot, what If you hoped we wouldn't make it, fuck you Talk with a heart full of hatred, fuck you And you said we wouldn't cake it, fuck you Only my man's blood is sacred, cocksucker, fuck you I'll tell you in your face, fuck you Pull it off my waist, hit you up, fuck you And watch you die on the street, fuck you Whoever feel sad at the funeral, fuck them too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. f/ Kasino Album: We Are the Streets Song: Can I Live Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com CHORUS Can I Live? Hell yeah but you still gon die Cmon nigga you a thug But I'm still gon cry And you done learned off experience I'm still gon ride They kill me, you gon kill them? I still got pride Can I Live? Hell yeah but you still gon die Cmon nigga you a thug But I'm still gon cry And you done learned off experience I'm still gon ride They kill me, you gon kill them? I still got pride [Jadakiss] Yo now I done said everything I could possibly say Ask them niggas in your camp is you hotter than J. A. D.A.K.I. two S's A true message Y'all better wear a few vesses Live pussies Bout to be dead dicks I pack guns that shoot through schools the red bricks And just because you mighta seen me on the award show I'm still in the hood nigga gettin raw dough And later on tonight I might be hittin your hoe And I got more money so I'm coppin more dro Everything I said I meant B Y'all gon tempt me To rob y'all spend your whole stash on my empties Mwa yours truly Can't do nothing to me Think you Scarface but you aint see the end of the movie I'm the type of nigga that'll take 5 cakes Turn em into 5 acres Faster than 5 lakers Lay back, get high, tote my gun around Throw a string on the pony so I can tote my son around [Sheek] Ay yo The path I walk is filled Who the fuck won't I kill Thin as that line down the hundred that you can tell if it's real Smooth as Sinatra You can tell by my pops that I'm street Fuck the forecast I'll let you know what day'll be heat See I recruit smart niggas will hunt No dumb niggas Who will kill over money not bitches like some niggas I think marketable Fuck y'all niggas who stay bummin I'm that nigga sellin pills at all of Howard homecomings If you get high I got weed And if you get drunk I got vodka And if you want base I got popcorn like Orville Reddenbacher See I'm bullseye I empty my bananna in your bandanna First try Never will my bullets miss a vick I use one to do a hit On some professional shit Bitch (Ha that's crazy) CHORUS [Kasino] Outta three-fourths of them niggas who cross your path Minus them half ass who talk fast and finish last Who gon get his cash Turn to his man and give him half Cock the hammer back Stood by his side and didn't dash When the charge is federal And they fingerprint his ass Who can he trust to be Front of the judge screamin it's just me It must be More than just a nigga love Make em do five joints no contact without givin his niggas up Give his keys to his truck Wish his niggas luck Call it's best fit suggested that she let his niggas fuck Fingerfuck them figures up No parole Bigger truck Kasino is that name big enough Nigga what [Styles] You wouldn't bust your gat wit me If you never sat wit me Lit up a sack wit me Or hustle some crack wit me Came through the cipher bow down and spat wit me Hopped up the truck and gave niggas daps wit me You never laugh wit me Never went half wit me Never been through the struggle never felt the wrath wit me Never slept on the same floor or Hit the same whore Ran up in the same store Or with the same four Blood thicker than water Only in certain cases You need water to live you learn that in the basics Better cherish your aces Bullets in the faces Of the jokers We laugh at fire nigga we smokers Sittin on the sofa Puffin the hash nigga we focused Why lie I die where the coke is CHORUS TO END The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Breathe Easy Typed by: BCherkala@hotmail.com Intro: SP Killer Yeah yeah yeah, L-O-X, L-O-X motherfucker Niggas don't know how we bout to come this time No more shiny suits None of that shit Chorus: x2 [Sheek Luchion] We gonna R.U double F.R.Y.D.E [Jadakiss] Revolver, semi-automatic and a P.G. Hooptie getaway driver Breathe Easy [Sheek Luchion] Explain thing further Murder or get murdered Verse 1: [Styles Paniro] Half of the hustle, half of them killers All of them Niggas wanna kill Paniro Better send the guerrilla's Cause beef is like a brand new car You better ride Everytime I sleep I die Wish I was gone (ya know) Felt dumb when I was young I used to wish I was on I'ma stay blunted and red with one in the head Niggas thinkin' they the don Till their shit get bombed I put 4 in your shootin' arm 2 in your legs Like 10 in your chest The last one in your head I give you the whole clip, like you cheated and stole shit Knocked off the pack, flossed and no chips You know the business Empty rap kill your co-defendant Keep it male and catch a body in trial If you want a Nigga dead than do it Holiday Styles Come with 2 guns up and empty both off the clips Kill you whole fuckin' crew and go 'n smoke on the fifth Chorus: x2 Verse 2: [Sheek Luchion] Yo, yo, yo I come to your town on a Peter Pan, no Jack One pair of clothes, 2 hoes and buggy with that Wanna beef me?, y'all Niggas is borrowin' heat Callin' all across town to borrow a full pound Meanwhile this Nigga got his guns to your noggin While your man with the heat is with some bitch up in the project He clappin' at you, you duckin', makin' you dance You should have spent it on some guns Instead of Iceberg pants What, L.O.X. off top, pullin' our triggers With our guns on our lap, we ride around like Cali Niggers(WESTSIIIDE) Target motherfuckers, cold hearted motherfuckers Stead of young dumb your moms, and whoever she got with her There's a new-born in the house, then I'm killin' the babysitter Y'all Niggas all clowns in Sheek eyes Your moms would wear glasses, with the nose disguise around me Talkin greasy Y'all like watermelons Big but crack easy Chorus: x2 Verse 3: [Jadakiss] Now if you know Jay, I never been a brother to front I be in L.A. wearin' any colors I want Rock guns like shirts, block under the punk And I put somethin' hot, anyone of you chumps And I know a few of you wanna get my watch But it a be funeral if you get my watch It ain't nothing y'all can do to stop the Lox' wealth Run up in a gunstore, cop the top shelf The Crack-game is dead, all they want is weed now Chicks that I went to school with, a seed now You know Kiss, stocky bald head, light brown Ice down, in my roll look like nighttown To all y'all lil' Jada's for the 1000th time I recall hittin' your moms or writin' your rhymes And just because you might have seen me, in and out of your house Is no way that she gon have a baby out of her mouth Chorus: till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets  Song: Felony Niggas  Typed by: DaFranchise@aol.com Verse 1 Shhh (Two guns up mothafucka, Two guns up mothafucka (overlap)) Real shit...Styles P Shit.. If P want you dead, I aint comin' wit niggas Just a blunt and a tre pound, plenty of liquor So ya homies got something to pour  That's that old school shit I aint tryin' to put you under the floor I'm tryin' ta bang niggas over the clouds and I heard you say you rich so you can't get lower than Styles kill everybody dead just so noone can smile play the streets my whole life and i been flowin' a while biget i rock, ever since my nigga was shot and my other nigga was shoot shit i'm tellin' the truth If I lie, may I die in the middle of the verse My niggas hustle from first to first Twelve months in a year Gun on your waist, Blunt in your ear Pat in your sock, Trade at the back of the block With a fein watchin' for knorx till the shit get dark We jump in the hoop ride, instead of the six While you lookin' for a bitch, we lookin' for a brick That we can cook by six and give the whole block a fix Catch me on "?" gettin' sixty a shift Holidy Styles, nigga I aint nothin' but streets Just as hard as the shit, that be under your feet And the only time i front is with a blunt and a beat To show niggas that I'm nice and they aint fuckin' wit me Chorus Felony Niggas Cop Cock Heavily Niggas That'd arm rob seventy niggas You know Murderin' niggas You want doe, they servin' you niggas Stay on fifth, Gettin' swervin' on niggas  You know Wheather we ryde or we die we gonna get this doe Verse 2 All I know is drugs and guns and plenty of weed and that bitch that suck dick and niggas that bleed and if you're rich before you go get a watch and a drop you better hit the court house and better bail out the block if your son aint worth shit  niggas'll smuggle your daughter I come through in a Porshe  The same color as water I got weight, what you want I can cover the order They call me Boss when I cross the border Six shot "caught her?" I hear niggas say my face is screwed But I'll put six in your stomach nigga lace your food Scream "Fuck Every Rapper" that hate that I'm rude But that's that SP shit, you can take it or move We can let the bullets spill, till we all get killed  There's only six nice rappers If you wanna be real Niggas die everyday from talking that dumb shit  That where they're from shit All that mean to me is you can get your gun quick Just another dumb bitch Go to church to get the holy ghost I did my dirt and got the holy ghost Look at the world through a niggas eyes Dont be a bitch, you gonna live and die Rivin' in the sky, but no love when you slither by I pray to god that we make it to heaven But the only thing we makin' is channel eleven You know four, five and seven, hot as fuck  And every rapper be dead, if they were hotter than us But since niggas still alive they should be tellin you somethin' You aint hear from Holiday, he aint tellin' you nothin'  You know..cocksucker.. Chorus (2x) (skit) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Wild Out Typed by: FrozenWatch@aol.com, nerpgotti99@hotmail.com Crazy Time! Whoa (My Dawgs) Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, (OK)  Whoa, Whoa (yo,yo,yo), Whoa, (yo, yo, yo) Whoa, (yo) WHoa, (yo) Whoa, Whoa Chorus 1 Wild Out!! (cmon) Wild Out!! (uh huh) Wild Out!! (If ya glad that L-O-X is Ruff Rydin now!!, cmon niggas) Wild Out!! (whooo, what, what) Wild Out!! (wild out, wild out, wild out) Wild Out!! (All My niggas throw your guns up, yo ,yo) (Sheek) I know niggas in the clink That send pipe bombs thru sinks That got dough and still wanna stick y'all wit minks Y'all would think y'all was jinxed wit a month of bad luck I'm that huntin muthafucka and guess who da duck I'm Elmer and you Daffy like the Looney cartoon But this ain't no cartoon My bullets clear out the room I said "Boy, try to learn the fundamentals here, son." Like that rooster and that chicken hawk I teach about a gun I place my money on one I'll pull it out, you'll run I wave it in front of ya son and both y'all is done . . . Blah! For God's sakes, what a nigga gotta do to make a half a million Must I wave it at yo' children? Run up in yo' buildin and go straight for the bank Got the coke saran-wrapped at the bottom of the tank I know those tricks Ya suppliers, Papi and them, I know those dicks Give me those bricks Now, wild out niggas Hook 2: Wild Out!! (uh, uh, uh, uh, yo!) Wild Out!! (ok) Wild Out!! (If ya bouncin in da club actin like you cant get in!) Wild Out!! (what, uh) Wild Out!!(yo, yo, yo ,yo) Wild Out!! (Yo, yo ,yo ,yo ,yo ,yo) (Jadakiss) For every check I deposit, it's just a new burner in the closet And the big one'll kill you, ya brother and ya pops quick Might take one slug to get y'all both Cuz muthafucka, I'ma make sure I hit y'all close And whoever's left guarenteed he gettin it all Cuz his ass coulda ran when I was lookin at y'all I get rap money, plus I'm in the hood wit dimes And I ain't got no felonies, I'm good wit crimes Not all dat wit macs, but i'm good wit nines Great wit eights Nigga, I'll heat ya face And I got a hungry lawyer that'll eat the case I used to cop so heavy that the block got mad And niggas start callin up the cops like cabs My 16's make niggas go to they dorm Lock in and workout, then come out in the mornin Wild out and blow a CO jus cuz it's borin Wild out nigga Hook 3: Wild Out!! (yo, yo ,yo) Wild Out!! (yo, yo ,yo) Wild Out!!  (If ya just got outta jail from doin wild time, lets bawl out!) Wild Out!! (yo!) Wild Out!!(ok, cmon cmon) Wild Out!! (uh, uh, uh, uh) (Styles) I pray to the Allah But I'm too foul to go to the mosque And if it's beef, I'ma murder you and go to da squad Holiday Styles Screw niggas far as they rap I let my shotgun ball ya bat Make ya coffin outta ya plaques And bring ya ice to hell Y'all fuck around dis album, I'll do life in jail And if you under 21, you shouldn't listen to dis You hate a nigga, go and kill him while he takin a shit So, when the cops come and get him he'll be makin 'em sick So, they could feel how I feel I had a probable cause You know da shit that happens when you don't follow da boss Follow the rules Kids get followed to school And the thug niggas ball ya boo Target practice was a horrible view It's fucked up what tomorrow can do And these niggas feel sorrow for who? 'Til we put you in da dirt, we ain't partin wit you Wild out niggas Hook 4 Wild Out!! (ya better back up dawg) Wild Out!! (everybody, yo, yo) Wild Out!!  (If a nigga grillin your chick, uh, and she wit you, fuck that!) Wild Out!! (yo, what?) Wild Out!!(Cmon, cmon, cmon, I cant hear you!, cmon) Wild Out!! (If ya find ya nigga cheatin, lets go girls!, cmon now!) Wild Out!! (uh, yo!) Wild Out!! (cmon cmon) Wild Out!! (If a nigga step on ya gotdamn shoes, fuck that!) Wild Out!! (uh huh uh huh) Wild Out!! (yo, yo, whoa!) Wild Out!! (If a nigga owe you money, and aint paid ya yet!, fuck that!) Wild Out!! (cmon, oohh) Wild Out!! (what what!) Wild Out!! (If ya workin at a job and the boss fire you, fuck HIM!) Wild Out!! (uh!) Wild Out!!(yo, yo ,LOX Niggas, LOX Niggas) Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!!  (whoa, whoa, whoa, everybody!) Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! [pause]  (anybody, young niggas, dead bitches!, tear it up!) Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! Wild Out!! ( The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LOX Album: We Are the Streets Song: Blood Pressure Typed by: nerpgotti99@hotmail.com The headphones is on fire dis time around, Styles Blood Pressure Y'all just bear wit me Yo, last time I'ma tell these niggas, man Can't fuck around, man Jada, man Whoever Old nigga, new nigga Wha!! Yo, yo, yo... Verse 1: Jadakiss Who really da best rapper since B.I.G. ain't here Y'all know da answer to dat when Kiss ain't here When you see me, don't ask me nothin about us And don't definatly ask me nothin about... Fuck it You owe me one, I owe you two I woulda smacked you wit da burner, but I know you'd sue And I ain't talkin to him I'm talkin to you Matter of fact, I'm talkin to y'all Life is like walkin a yard Nigga'll stab you wit a fork in da heart And The Source got muthafuckas thinkin they hot Like my dope Got fiends thinkin they shot When you thinkin of da best, nigga Think of The Lox I'll cut ya fuckin hand off if ya pinky ring's hot Then come thru ya block in a sticky green drop Hop out Let off fifty-three shots Wouldn't care if I hit fifty-three cops Guliani might as well be merkin niggas Cuz the time that he givin out is hurtin niggas And all these record label's jerkin niggas And you never was a thug, you's a workin nigga And you heard that shit right there? I started that Don't make me put somethin up in ya Starter hat No matter who you are, or where you from Screw all of dat I'm not tryin to hear dat, son Hook: 2x Now, who da fuck y'all want? (Jadakiss!!) And who da fuck y'all need? (Jadakiss!!) And who da fuck gon' bleed? All y'all hataz, cuz none of y'all niggas (can't fuck wit Jada!!) Verse 2: Jadakiss Don't you be dat clown nigga in da back of da whip That's gon' get the second half of da clip And all I'm sayin, it'll be da other nigga in the front of the da whip Runnin his lip, wit a gun on his hip Feel me dawg? Everybody walk da walk 'til they run into Kiss Then, they get stabbed, or hung, or stung wit da fifth How you think ya man hard when son on my dick? Cuz I can get his ass body, plus front him a brick Got a chick named Super-head She give super-head Just moved in the buildin, even gave the super head I cop big guns that spit super lead So, play Superman, end up super dead Call ne Kiss, or da kid from The Lox That'll twist ya moms out and do a bid wit ya pops We was in jail, you probably won't get no mail And if you pumped on my block, you won't get no sales When ya CEO know you can't fuck wit I I make a million by June I'm sayin fuck July And I beg you to try me while I'm holdin da Tommy I'ma have ya body all over da lobby I already helped y'all I'm about to melt y'all Tell the truth, dawg I ain't never felt y'all This album, we gon' bubble like Seltzer If it ain't Double R, who da hell else is hard?! Hook until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX Album: We Are the Streets Song: Recognize  Typed by: DaFranchise@aol.com Ruff Ruff Ruff Ruff Ruff Ruff Ruff Ruff  Huh...Ruff Ryders (Ryde or Die (overlap)) Don't get it twisted ya'll (yea yea yea (overlap) Ruff Ryders..(..ta fuck i'm talking about right here) Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) Don't get it twisted ya'll (yea yea yea (overlap) Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) Don't get it twisted ya'll (yea yea yea (overlap) (Jadakiss) Now I know y'all couldn't wait to hear 'Kiss over Premier Kill you on tape then watch it over a beer Cause you ain't nuttin but a movie with extensive footage That's the reason they gon' leave you with expensive bullets Ain't none of y'all better than LOX Have all of y'all dressed up in a suit, dead in a box Me and my niggas get Redd-er than Foxx And I don't care if I love you, I still want head of the drop Niggas runnin' round talkin' that Y-2-K shit Crackheads'll still gon' want that gray shit that's why I'ma always cop the yay quick so I suggest all of y'all stay on Jay dick Too hard for MTV, not black enough for BET, just let me be Give me all my royalty money, and let me greed and I'ma have hoes for six, and hash for three Chorus Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) Don't get it twisted y'all Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) L to the O to the X (fade) Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) Don't get it twisted y'all Recognize, Recognize, Recognize (Ruff Ryders) L O X niggas (fade) Don't get it twisted y'all (Sheek Luchion) Ayo I give it to you point blank, in your mom's place So like +Point Break+ with a mask on with president's face clear my space, when big sheek crash the boards Y'all aint just mark niggas, y'all Hallmark niggas With all that soft ass writin might as well be in cards You gon' gamble with your life, when I launch these torpedos that'll shoot the crack out your ass at Foxwood Casinos Just me and my gambino's drunk as fuck with a time parking lot DVD in a trunk I been drunk most my life, don't ask me why Through ninth grade, I ain't go to high school I went to school high And I don't care what y'all got, that shit don't excite me I'm black and deadly and my burner just like me and I'm quick to stick one of y'all on tour with the Sheraton, see what yours can be mine without, inheritin, give up your chains and them little diamonds in your ear Is it worth your family cryin and the doctor yellin "clear"? Chorus  (Styles Pinero) If I knew heaven had a ghetto that was sweeter than here You know P would pack his bag and just leave next year  but I got a son to raise So I'ma stay in this hell and I gotta gun to blaze If you play with the L dot O dot X dot at the end we the niggas that's gon' leave, with the pot at the end Never too young to die or too old to live ? to bust your gun, go home and mold your kid I'm ashamed I sell crack but I'ma ryde for the moment Know the concequence I'ma die with +The Omen+ Two is better than one, there's three of The LOX Ki in a pot, key in the drop, key to the top father, son, and holy ghost of rap 3 in a 1 seein a gun and usin' it dog Dope in a six, coke in a five, weed in a four Ice is for my niggas, but the heat is for y'all Chorus (loop recognize/fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Y'all Fucked Up Now Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Yeah Two guns up motherfucker Uh huh Yeah Niggaz runnin around yappin with dicks in they mouth My Niggaz Shit is serious L.O.X. Couldn't even put three niggaz togehther and come up With this combination (faggot) Shit is fo' real Yo [Styles] I pack a 4 5 Puff a blunt and get high Don't give a fuck if I die cuz my son is alive I grew up doing dumb shit that made me wise Could of died ten times That made me live Sell my soul Not for no cars and gold I been through it cuz my scars is old Remember the time I used to puff dimes And think Allah was cold Back then when my mom played my father's role Now I'm a man Runnin with a gun in the vest It feel good with my son on my chest I wanna quit But I'm one of the best Fuck around I might run to the west Lay low and get blunted to death Niggaz is wack I can't say it plainer than that Dog you shine in the front but it rain in the back Fuck the middle Cuz the middle do alot and a little Stuck in between but y'all niggaz won't see the riddle Settle for less A general but don't meddle my chest Die for my niggas nevertheless Can't find a nigga better than S, 'Kiss, and the Luch' Every man ahead of the group, regretting the coup Y'all niggas want the red in my boots Hole in my shirt Twist a nigga wig and leave me dead in the dirt I see the rollie not move but the shit still work Motherfucker that'll make you a jerk, cocksucker CHORUS: Ay yo what y'all gon do now Y'all fucked up now Niggas How deep is your crew now Y'all fucked up now Don't make us heat you down (you know what I'm sayin ?diego?) Y'all fucked up now (This aint no fuckin joke niggas is hungry) We the nicest niggas around (Fuck is wrong) Y'all fucked up now (yeah yeah ay yo ay yo ay yo) [Sheek] I pay off blue suits thats Sucio And I put drugs in my girl koochie yo A bad bitch that kill So when you put the dogs on her you smell Massengill Summer's Eve Puttin drugs in coffee hip to the D's I play smarter That's why my flights now be charter Ten seater What you know about a Porsche at a meter Next to koochie freak those Tickets keep those And you can mail to my postbox down in Melrose I aint the nigga that you see Posted on cop walls I'm that eighteen and up Mamis on my balls Y'all can't figure the great one Sheek be Jason Not cops But that legendary nigga my pops I bust shots like bums at a bar but far From a lush Everything about this cat be plush And I'm quick to do dirt since I'm through your shirt Like nothing Lift a arm I hit those under your wing Yo why you following this cat Hey he about to get pushed back You could poke your chest out in the street That's cool But in a bing this fool Was like Louis Rich meat We don't run from y'all We scatter for guns on y'all What you know about two 380's inside a basketball And when it's beef Store on his side with burners on Coronas We the best that ever did it If you need us telephone us What the fuck nigga CHORUS [Jadakiss] Yo A nigga wanna go to war with Kiss Find him a ditch Old school niggas tell me I remind of rich Cuz I take the kids shopping and send em on bus trips Hoppin out a rough six With sweats and scuffed kicks I supply all the dealers and tell em to stuff nix I done signed every autograph and took every flick I'm quite sure that I coulda hit Every chick But I didn't ones that I did gave em heavy dick All day The LOX flow hotter than broadway Election time tryin na cop blow in the hallway And their aint enough plates for y'all to eat with me Stingy nigga but I share my slugs equally I put half where your waist at And half where your face at Yo we in from a new spot let somebody taste that From your street rappin's only one of my plans I got dirty south niggas payin a hundred a gram And I could care less how much you shift the scan However you get it you supposed to hit your man But we don't hold the grudges We control the budgets And do whatever the fuck we wanna do nigga fuck it CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Scream L.O.X. Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com One , one , one Yeah! It's the second time around! Ya know , ya heard , (y'all know who this is) The real L.O.X. (no doubt) As we proceed To get rid of that bullshit (that's right) And give you what you need CHORUS: Scream L Cuz we livin and we love the life Scream O We official and we override Scream X Cuz we experts and experienced (who is it nigga) We gon kill till we die and be ruff when we ride (One more time c'mon) Scream L Cuz we livin and we love the life Scream O We official and we override Scream X Cuz we experts and experienced We gon kill till we die and be ruff when we ride [Sheek] Who that kid that Fly in his truck High as fuck Mami on my side she weeded I'm henneseyed up Wet like flipper Dick on my zipper Kind of soft Waitin for this bitch to finish her weed to suck me off I'm done now Step out my truck then peep out my style Place a hundred in this bum cup in front of Mr. Child Glock 19 Laser beam Fuck it no vest today No stress today , that's how I'm feelin today But if y'all shoot you think I won't put this bitch in my way I got love for my niggas that's deeper than lava Hotter than lava You point him out I'll pop the revolver Two years in jail and I don't need no package or nothing Sheek Louch true to this shit Y'all niggas is frontin We some evil motherfuckers you can tell when we smirk Comes to money we aint got no patience like doctors who don't work We drink till it don't hurt And the pain go away Now who you know out there who's fuckin with Sheek, Styles, and J C'mon [Styles] What comes around goes around and I'm waitin to die I smoke weed in a cloud make my face in the sky I get blasted off the liquor, sell drugs, carry a 5th Fuck with my dogs Till they put me in a morgue And even when I'm alone it's me and my toast Me and my ghost I wonder who get heated the most If you didn't live the life you probably couldn't relate I turn your face into pudding in the hood with an 8th Niggas beef over crack sales Scrap over hood rats Die over dice games You fuckin with us And I'ma still pop shit ridin up on a bus Like I'ma fuck a nigga up when I'm outta these cuffs And blow three niggas down cuz only cowards'll bluff Play it sweet when it's sour as fuck Calicoed up Money and the jewels and the powder is up I'ma make a nigga leak like I hit him with dust [Jadakiss] Nowadays it cost money to breathe That's why I tote around three Ankle to waist and one in my sleeve Fuck security y'all can give that money to me Cuz when the bullets go off they be under the tree I'm at your chick's house bagging up Groupies styled out The Kool-Aid too sweet and the phone don't dial out You don't gotta like me I show up to your wedding Rockin a white tee Your wife like oohh-wee And if I dance wit her Then I got a chance wit her But I aint gonna do her I'ma wait till after the honeymoon to screw her And let niggas run through her For y'all that's behind that wall blockin the street Homemade doorags off the top of the briefs Everybody get they turn to live You just gotta know when it's your turn don't burn your bridge And all the real niggas will die the worms'll live And that's real fucked up but that's how shit is Scream it CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. f/ Eve Album: We Are the Streets Song: You Told Me Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com (Sheek ad libbing) [Sheek] Now you can quote me on this I bust my gun Also quote me on this I handle my biz I knew it was my house when Run was sayin it was his I aint lyin Aint no cords or no steam in this iron But it is a permanent press Have these 38 shells spray starch your chest Leave you stiff Coroners make ashes of you In rap I'm like God nigga forever above you If I don't do it all I just dial my phone And you get sprayed through your clothes like you put on cologne If it's not violence or drugs I have nothing to spit I be lyin if I talk some spiritual shit Like Kirk Franklin and them Y'all just aint me I can't tell you about God but I can tell you about a key And what I'll do to God's children if they jerk me Hurt me , never , that'll be a sin I'ma put the Bible to your head and shoot through Matthew verse 10 What C'mon niggas What CHORUS 2X: [Eve and Jadakiss] You told me you would bust your guns for me (Yeah bust your gun dog) You said you'd always sling your pounds (Sling the hydro green) Now you're away and you're all that I need (You're all that I need baby) But L-O-X will hold it down (You know the LOX gonna hold it) [Jadakiss] I'm back in the game I still ride the back of the train And sit right next to jake with a package of caine Niggas say he realer than me you call him a liar I got the outtie T T the same color as fire You just gettin a name Puttin shit in the game Stop fakin I have your doorag lookin Jamaican Holey as the water in the front of the church Then find you with no back plus one in your earth I can't wait for the day you get murt Cuz I'ma throw a free party at the Tunnel and give out work I love myself , my family , and love my son Love my niggas and love white Air Force Ones And besides that I'm open off the dro and the guns And the head you could get from a hoe in the slums Niggas always act silly till you show em the milly Then they got the nerve to ask you why you wanna kill me Uhh CHORUS 2X [Styles] I know it aint right For me to swear to God But I swear to God that I'll murder you dog And I know it aint right For me to sell dope Rob stores but I still gotta run from the law Twenty niggas in the clique How all of us pour In a three room apartment and we all on the floor I reflect to the days I thought of bustin the whip Now I come through the scene and niggas cuffin they bitch Feel good to see Kiss spend a buck on his wrists Or Sheek frontin on a jet ski with a Puerto Rican chick I dont rock no jewels But I pops my tools And I work my coupe to do a buck 68 P hit you in the head like a dutch to the face Or a cup full of liquor Come and fuck with you nigga Cuz I make drug money Gotta take blood from me If you wanna prove a point pull a joint shoot dummies CHORUS 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: L.O.X. f/ Eve, Timbaland Album: We Are the Streets Song: Ryde or Die, Bitch Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com [Jadakiss] I'm feelin this hook right here Good lookin out Timbaland, y'know? [Timbaland] Uh-huh What? Uh-huh What? [Timbaland] (Eve) [I need a ryde or die bitch]  	(I like to rock Prada suits and my ass is fat) [I need a ryde or die bitch]  	(I push a Cadillac truck with my friends in the back) [I need a ryde or die bitch] 	(Smoke 'dro, drink liquor, like to fuck 'til I cum) [I need a ryde or die bitch] 	(I rock a icy ass chain with a earring in my tongue) [Jadakiss] Ha Yo, yo, yo Yeah, what's up ma, what's going on, I know you know 'Kiss The nigga with the hot flow and a cold wrist Can flow always, sit on 4 K's Then wait for a drought and flood 'em with all 'dres Ryde or die chick, hand do a B.I. Give a nigga up north some ass on a V.I. And she blackout when she in the mall Got the brand new spring Prada shit in the fall Don't matter what size panties, fitting her small And she don't got no problem hittin' us all And she said she got a man, but he in the fed And she miss him so much that she pee in the bed So you know I had to lighten her raw, fighting the dog Pushing the seat back gettin' right in the fall Make her use a fake credit card twice in a store Might make you do it tomorrow you triflin' whore [Styles Paniro] I need a chick that ryde or die, pullin' the 5 Gettin' high with the Gucci frames over her eyes Sweet to the tail, still won't fuck in the Benz cause she bought me a Polo coat and a couple of Timbs' Doobie was rap, both in the movie with gats Gave me head cause the movie was wack, word Toasted her crib, blow in the fridge, she needed to work I died and that bitch gon' put weed in my hearse Gamed her to death, tattooed my name on her neck You don't wanna see me bangin' the left, hittin' the gas That bitch out the window poppin' heat in yo' ass You could catch Holiday in a Holiday Inn With a bad bitch swallowin' gin, word And if it got to do with money count Holiday in With my ryde or die bitch that'll body your man You don't like me as a artist, she gon' body your fam' [Sheek Luchion] Uh, uh, yo Yo, when you see Sheek, don't look at me as Sheek from The L.O.X. Look at me as that cat that know how to box Know about glocks, know about slingin' them rocks Know about runnin' from cops and switchin' up spots How to get rich, know about thuggin' a bitch Fuck 'em in the park, fuck a sweet as the Ritz They like that shit, and I ain't gotta spend no checks Fuck diamonds, all they really want is rough ass sex And they name, shout it out when I'm up at Flex I get drunk with bitches that don't get drunk Don't get high, have 'em doing drive-by's Shit they never did, forgetting about they kids Moms babysitting, ain't seen her in a week I'm a bad influence to parents that hate Sheek I need a ryde or die bitch that'll take this coke Out of town, and come back and breakdown when I'm broke, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: We Are the Streets Song: Bring it On Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Ohh Ay Yo Swizz What's up I told you baby this the one right here This is the one Sheek Louch Omigod Yo yo yo Ay yo CHORUS 2X: Ay yo y'all niggas want war? Bring it on c'mon Y'all want war with Sheek? Bring it on c'mon Y'all tryin na stop how I eat? Bring it on c'mon , bring it on c'mon , bring it on c'mon [Sheek: Verse 1] Yo how you gon talk shit when you soft as pudding Knowing the work that these real thugs put in We too legit Let me hear you rap something bout us I'ma break the hands of the man who wrote your shit We take minks off backs Them grime niggas in clubs that make niggas walk With them bodyguard cats I'm glad I'm free I feel like Harriet Tubman came and got me >From the white man property It's all glitz and glitter but no cash you getting You hear the difference in that shit that I'm spittin Double R That's street shit and that's the way it has to be Myself , Sheek Louch , and I'm still MTV I can talk about guns Go out smack some nuns Then flip and do a song with country music and shit Don't ever play LOX for no fucking retard Cuz your dough aint that long that you can't see God Plus these rap niggas out here respect the god They know we spit that shit so they respect our sound They know how hard a motherfucker is and water that's down Here that's that shit right there I swear from Yonkers motherfucker We'll bust in the air Aint nobody killin clouds over here Respect us You bleed how we bleed We bust how you bust Yo Swizz help me out sing this chorus for us C'mon CHORUS 2X [Verse 2] Ay yo this here is for them cats that wild nonstop Can't dance just play the club and bop No respect for the law Fuck security son Cuz you big that aint stopping me from bustin my gun It's a fact that fire burns and shit stink It's also a fact that your vest only protectin your chest You aint think about your head when you was talkin that mess Or this knife Across your face scar you for life Now do you really wanna rock that ice? Heh heh Do your security really love your life? Or do they just want their check You think they gon take one in the neck For a nigga with no respect For his crew Man we don't wear half on Chinese food Slept in the same bed Same chick gave us head Brothers , and we aint gon stop till we all dead Aint shit gon change Just the dough gon change Fuck a Bentley I'm good with a rubberband colored range I empty a clip at you you send nothing in exchange Y'all niggas mad soft no heart all brains But what's smart when a dumb dumb burst your heart I'm done now but first hold up hold your applause I got one question to ask y'all do y'all niggas want war? CHORUS 6X [Swizz ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. f/ Drag-On, Eve, Swizz Beatz Album: We Are the Streets Song: If You Know Typed by: let-the-lox-go@mail.com Intro: [Sheek] Yo I might get drunk [Jadakiss] Jeckel and Hyde Roll these with lemons [Sheek] I'm tellin' y'all Niggas Swizz Beatz Chorus:  [All] If you know, like we know, like they know L.O.X. is the best If you know, like we know, like they know Swizz Beatz is the best If you know, like we know, like they know Ruff Ryders is the best If you know, like we know, like they know We'll bring it to their chest Verse 1: [Sheek a.k.a Louch] Yo if I can't make money Then you can't either If I didn't have to rap I have blown in the freezer [Styles a.k.a Holiday] If I can't rock Nikes or Tim's with double soles I have the 9 in the pound And leave your ass full of holes [Jada a.k.a Kisseastwood] If I didn't push a Benz And I didn't push a Lex Then the Ambulance will come And they be pushin' on your chest [Swizz Beatz] If I couldn't hit the studio and make another record For my double R Niggas I'll lay y'all on stretchers [Sheek a.k.a Louch] Now I might get drunk Or I might get high But my game stay Trump And my style stay fly [Styles a.k.a Holiday] I might hit a dime Or I might hit a duece And when I wanna go to war Is when you wanna call a truce [Jada a.k.a Kisseastwood] I might buy 'em cooked Dough I might buy 'em raw And I might tap your chin Or I might cross your jaw [Swizz Beatz] Now I might go 18's I might go 20's I might use dumdums Cause y'all Niggas dummies Chorus:  Verse 2: [Sheek a.k.a Louch] Ayo, me without weight Is like Harlem without 8 [Jada a.k.a Kisseastwood] Yeah, me with no funds Is like Queens with no dunns [Styles a.k.a Holiday] And me with no beef Is like Brooklyn with no guns [Swizz Beatz] Man and me with no beats Is like Cali with no blunts [Sheek a.k.a Louch] First I got head from her Then I hit her from the back Then she told me that she hustled So I hit her with a pack [Jada a.k.a Kisseastwood] Yeah, screw how many mics you got How much ice you got My bullets'll make you icy-hot [Styles a.k.a Holiday] Y'all, all my Niggas killas  We don't talk on the phone And give a way better message When we come in your home [Swizz Beatz] Yo, catch me Down-South When I'm pumpin' up things and my name ain't Rover Don't jump on my rings [Sheek a.k.a Louch] Man, you gotta have your hustle right When you up in the game [Jada a.k.a Kisseastwood] You gotta have your lawyor money For you firm-aly change [Styles a.k.a Holiday] And don't you leave out the house Without bringer your things [Swizz Beatz] We gonna Ruff Ryde, Nigga >From here to the bank Interlude: [Sheek a.k.a Louch] What you greaseball cocksuckers thought it was over This double R, Nigga, L.O.X. We are the streets When the kennels is open the dogs is biting, bitch Shits real Verse 3: [Drag-on] Yo, yo, yo, yo I might pull up in a V, that cost more than a buck Then turn around and burn it Cause you thought it was plush [Eve] Anytime I get on fire I get a car to match And tell any rapper you name You gard it black [Drag-On] When I bust my hammer I nail my Nigga We the Ruff Ryder family All hail, my Niggas [Eve] And I might ride, I might die That's up to the Lord And my Niggas might come home That's up to the ? [Drag-On] Yo, If money make you feel good I'm happy with lead Joe Pesci-style Kickin' Niggas after they dead [Eve] Picture the litter Hold the 4-5th for my Niggas Writin' the venom Ass look right in the dinner [Drag-On] ?Dockin'? you pay Word from me you clockin' the Yay I hustle for real Let you hold the block for a day [Eve] Pull it in your brain And give you a hot idea You wanna low Here's a casket you can hide out there Chorus: til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X.  Album: We Are the Streets Song: We Are the Streets Typed by: Dootbot@aol.com Intro: Sheek Ugh You know we had to 'dis right Hugh Hugh You know we had to 'dis right Hugh Hugh It just wouldn't be right Verse One:Sheek Yo Ayo Yo I'ma b-boy standin in my b-boy stance Glock on my hip is big is the dick in my pants You don't want nuttin wit sheek you soft as fuck I leave a single shotgun shell on top of your truck Wit a horseshoe to let you know you pressin' ya luck You don't want nuttin wit kiss, nuttin wit styles You don't wanna end up food for the crocadiles I'd take the gun off ya waste and smack ya  And turn around and point it at ya mink and give you one I'm the reason why ya peeps not in ICU Cause believe me when you ain't watchin I see you From the Hamptons to the place where you like to eat I put somethin in them mams you keep thinkin is sweet I'm in the bushes all night calm wit' the Tommy Waitin for you to skinny dip wit' that mommy While she waitin for the night i'm waitin for her flight Chorus: Jadakiss 2X No we ain't Wit dem No more cause we ruffrydin Get it out ya head now  LOX is back now Show a little love now Pump it in the club now Verse Two: Jadakiss Yo if you should die tonight  It's cause I said peel his cap We on Ruffryders now How real is that It's the kiss of death everybody know J- face Us gettin off similar to OJ's case Just better rhymes and better beats involved Less politics more of the streets involved Things always go smooth when the heats involved Sign today or get beat tommorow First one talkin that family shit And get a lotta doe and don't give the family shit I don't care how many ? you wrote I just wanna see how you gonna dance when your neck get broke if yall do fall down i'ma scoop the ? No shiny suits Everybody boots and jeans The industry is one thing being real is another That means i'll steal your mother Chorus: 2x Verse Three: Styles Yo if you left the peak ballin i don't feel yo ass I wish duke was still alive and they killed yo ass You can keep an industry but don't you come to the hood I got a thousand niggas like me and they feel like suge If you think i'm beefin for nuttin then rob me dog I'm from the hood And I ain't bee robbed before Tell you screw all the paper work  You can lie in dirt Walk through the valley nigga tell me if the iron hurt Ruffryder now cause that's where the bombs at And i tell niggas fuck that car jack Take the roley out the air put the don back Can't wear shiney suits on combat Guess i got personal beef You worse then a thief Probably be your man that'll work you to sleep We goin put the guns down and we ain't bringin a crew You got friends that hate yo ass more than we do nigga Outro: L.O.X. We don't give a fuck about ya (3x) We gonna be alright with out ya Chorus: (6x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Jada's Got a Gun Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Antoine Stanton] In the streets [it's real] shit it fuckin real out here [no doubt...] niggas be hatin, violatin [fo sho, fuck it] but you need to know... owww! HOOK: E McCaine Jada's, got a, Jada's, got a GUN Niggas, clear out, bitches, duck and RUN Jada's, got a, Jada's, got a GUN Niggas, clear out, bitches, duck and RUN [Verse 1] and I been had one so don't forget that 357 Magnum wit no kickback Put 'em all in your six pack for a big stack and I never keep the money where I keep the clips at Violatin get you one in your throat you still datin your heat, but me and my guns elope when I die bury me with the toast in case I run into a little bit of drama wherever I go and I won't hesitate, make you levitate hit you with the titanium, 38, and it's featherweight bullets like good dope how I keep 'em coming kill a couple niggas then everybody want 'em who gon' shoot and who gon' brawl if push comes to shove everybody know, you gon' fall and I got mine on me the automatic or the 40 cali, or even the black glock nine on me HOOK [Verse 2] I got a gun wit 200 shots I'm the reason you moved your family to a whole new other block I got shit that could wake up the deaf that'll knock down the door and break up the steps don't even bother wearin a vest cuz these aint the kinda slugs that's gon' get lodged in your chest gotta nighttime scope that could see through the walls so just to get shit crackin I'ma tear up your dog I'ma show you what's dumbin out and you could believe whatever I shoot it's comin off or comin out and don't even try runnin out cuz the 44 mag'll leave your ass by another house this is Jadakiss, I'm sprayin everything I see in my radius the kids stay blazin shit which gun is my favorite I don't know I got 'em all from the old to the latest shit HOOK [Verse 3] guns and the sneakers made Jada the bitches and the reefer came later with the money and the haters but I'm a humble kid still put the pump in your baby mother mouth make her mumble where you live 25 years no felony I'm tellin y'all why you think I saved it, to blow a nigga melon off as a young boy always carried a cap gun fell in love wit it first time I clapped one now I'm a grown man more mature and pleasant and like hittin niggas in the jaw with the desert and everybody got a gun, why not me you gotta keep it on you now it's just like I.D. and I never seen a man cry til I seen a man shot fuck pride, bullets is too damn hot so if you aint got one then you gotta run handle it, or tell the whole world that... HOOK 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nas Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Show Discipline Typed by: Animlthg99@aol.com [Jadakiss] Yoooo!! uh, uh-huh, uh Yo yo yo yo aiyyo Never will it stop Hanguns with double digit shots I move work on other niggas blocks Leave out the club wit a another niggas watch Body that man and let other niggas watch Only thing worse than a coward, is a coward with power Gotta kill him in the shower, hour Beats is knockin, hooks is rare Earned my spot, nobody aint put me here Burnt my block, I had a fiend cookin wit beer Like the Bobby Womack of crack Might see me in the burgandy thing, or the black on black Matter of fact, go get ya chrome Cause I rather be, broke together than rich alone Clappin em' down, backin em' down (uh) Fuck what ever happened before, I'm whats happenin' now [Chorus: Nas (Jada)] Now gangstas live, gangstas die Grab ya guns, soldiers ride (show discipline nigga!) Kill ya moms, kill ya pops, kill ya seed Kill ya girl (Its principle nigga!) Sell ya crack, sell ya coke Sell ya E, sell ya smoke (you hustlin nigga!) Grab ya nine, grab ya pound Grab ya tec, grab ya pump (you bustin at niggaz!,wha) [Nas] We bravehearted, I had bitches tryin to posion me Niggaz who kilt loyalty Set me up, vested up my move accordingly I ducked icepicks and icesticks by cops who rookies Hard to be righteous, and when life can just stop for pussy Niggaz killin over hoes, guns concealed in their clothes Bodies at funerals, touch them they feel like they froze Speech, totally calm, holdin dead rappers dome in my palm Burnin flag, plus its on the qu'ran, its on the bible Plus america cause that every car thats drivin Holdin the homeless sign you focus you know its Nas then Prince of the globe, leave no prince of the toast Played with Ouija boards, burned frankencense wit a ghost I've learned, to do good plus a waste of evil And do what it takes to keep a smile on the face of my people I was raised by the apes in this dark creepshow, but yo [Jadakiss] yo yo yo yo yo yo Think bout when I splatter ya mask(yea) My niggas is happy, ya momma is sad If ya niggas is riders, the drama will last If ya niggas is snitch, been judgin my ass They said I'm too famous to run So when I empty out this clip, I'm changin the gun The realer the beef, the longer the clip Murder ya mans, I'm gone in the mist Call this girl after dark so we talked the bitch We aint care cause the whore wasnt shit Doll, I aint takin the L or waistin a shell I bring the heat like I'm satan itself Fuck if you hard, fuck if you soft, long as you lost Dick in the dirt, shit in ya drawers Ill make ya grandmother get on the floor Tie you up, then beat you to a pulp, say that this is a war If'n the four, mackin a pump, actin I dump Throw you out the window then act like you jump [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Knock Yourself Out Typed by: Cakes1482@aol.com Uh-huh, you know where I'm takin this I'm takin it right there - they leave me no choice AOWWWWW!! Uh, uh, oh [Verse One] She said she was a model for a year and a half And if she took her pins out,  then her hair would drop down to her calf I knew her man, he was just up North and would've got left up North, but he was the chef up North Anyway I'm K-I-double All I do is get dough, spit flows, try to stay out of trouble If you ready we could move, just lose your man or hit the dance floor, I'll show you how to do my dance Or I might let you play in the garden Or sit up in that white thing and listen to the greatest of Marvin The estate got six locations Take so long to get to the front once I missed probation And I hate to brag I know ya man really wouldn't like the Beretta but he'd hate the Mag And yeah here go a blank check, rock yourself out But in the mean time girl - knock yourself out Oh you modelin momma? (knock yourself out) Wanna let ya hair down? (knock yourself out) Oh you ready to move? (knock yourself out) Whatchu wanna sit in the Coupe? (knock yourself out) Wanna keep on dancin? (knock yourself out) Wanna run in my mansion? (knock yourself out) Sit in V.I.P.? (knock yourself out) Bitch you just wanna be seen (knock yourself out) [Verse Two] Now you can knock yourself out like you boxin yourself Or you can get real freaky start poppin yourself And my watch got so many rocks, when you look at the time it's sorta like you watchin yourself, uhh Front if you want, I puff a few blunts and take a cruise in a Porsche wit the trunk in the front She had the Jocko B'sure sandals, told her hop in The coupe blew her mind when she couldn't find the door handles Attitude very high maintence; check this out ma I'm runnin out of my patience Don't sleep wit me? Then don't speak wit me And neva talk bad bout niggaz that eat wit me [Verse Three] Aiyyo, honey know I'm waitin to leave Keep dancin, cause I like how that ass shake in them capris I'm like Big wit the murder mamis up in Belize but I'll still fuck a chickenhead like Lil' Cease I don't care if they model, bet they all gon' chill First nigga to cook base on a Foreman grill And you might win some, but you just lost one Kiss +Miseducates+ 'em like Lauryn Hill [Chorus] - (Fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: We Gonna Make It Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] Uh, uh... Fuck... the.. frail shit Uh, cuz when my coke come in They gotta use the scales that they weigh the whales wit [Styles] Carsons on the jeep, but Gotti made the prototype Hoped you'd get the picture but you just can't photo light [JK] Determined niggas make it Kickin down the door and we burnin niggas naked [SP] The house costs a million, sittin on the beach  and the only thing I know if it's furnished I'ma take it  [JK] My bathtub lift up, my walls do a 360 We got the shit that the government got Talkin money then you rubbin the spot [SP] Real niggas say that they be wildin We on the Caiman islands On a yacht wit our favorite albums [JK] a bad hoe and a plate of salmon Smokin and drinkin nigga is you thinkin that our fate is violent [SP] I love my nigga for the fact that he real and nobody on the faculty squeal, what [JK] and if you facin capital pun, pass me a gun and I'ma give you time to run, while I rapidly peel, uh HOOK 3X: Jadakiss We gon make it we gon make it, we gon make it [JK] I learned the game quickly, and I don't like to rent So when I fly now I bring my cars on the plane wit me In this case who's the loser [SP] ran through enough coke for Castro to build schools in Cuba Teachin kids how to read and write and use the ruger [JK] Motherfuckin niggas is back, Jada and P We got water, [X, haze] Plus weight in the D and I'm tired of hearin about old niggas that had it and be the same old niggas that ratted [Who cares?] Talkin 'bout how we hawk niggas in they fuckin back [SP] Gun works official but niggas don't be wantin that [Why?] Cuz they puss and they mans is lame [JK] We so for real in the hood we make candy rain [SP] I could easily send you to God [JK] But come and see me at the Plaza Hotel I might give you a job If you can't remember the name All you gotta do is ask the dame for the niggas that deliver it hard... HOOK [JK] Ja- da- mwa, I'll kiss you you bitch ass nigga That the hood won't miss you you bitch ass nigga Might find your man dead in the ocean [SP] He be aight though [JK] You know dead rappers get better promotion Why we don't laugh at death, and cry at birth Never say you can't do it til you try it first Be the young niggas eager to pull it but it's a message in everything trust me, even a bullet Go to war with the eight and the pound Think you got your ear to the street now, put your face in the ground Cuz my shells is expensive You'll know exactly why when you yellin in intensive my fellas is offensive Lucky cuz I got guns that crack your back but that's not what I prefer I manufacture crack and, niggas turn bitch when you show 'em the steel but we know how to bid so y'all go 'head and squeal I'm comfortable far from home Eatin right, gettin good rest either on the far or the foam I'm the reason niggas got deals the past few years Sound anything like Kiss then sign right here and, y'all just talkin, I'm doin it well Jadakiss motherfucker I'ma see you in hell, what HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles, Sheek Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: None of Y'all Betta Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Styles] It's sorta like the Holy Trinity... I'ma say... I say it's like three different guns you fuckin faggots Get shot three different ways Matter fact, make that six different ways Gun in each hand bitch  None of y'all betta [Primo scratch twice]-- Jadakiss-- "Aint none of y'all betta" If it is name it We'll squash you, ASAP, feel it All I know, niggas give me all my dough Like Boston George comin through with all my blow Right now I'm tryin to charter a jet Fuck this hit the Panama Canal and get a harder connect Step on your toes, mess with your hoes, shoot up your mans Come through the block tryin to screw up your plans Cuz I still rob niggas for coke Understand I'm the first one they call when they gettin the dope I'm the one who prick your finger when they give you the oath I'm the one who made the hit when they bring you the toast Like Pacino and DeNiro 'cept they call me Paniro Sad Styles still spin that arrow, fuck it Like the boss of New York, you know how I feel Kill a motherfucker cuz a corpse don't talk [no doubt] Sixteen in the joint wit one in the head If the bullets had legs have them run in your head, bitch [Primo scratches]--- Jadakiss- "aint none of y'all betta..." Sonja Blade- "what y'all know about..." Styles P- " put in my work..." Sheek- "on the block..." Jadakiss- "aint none if y'all betta..." Styles P- "but you know it's all real..." Tef and Billy Danze- "Is it real? Yeah son!" Jadakiss- "aint none of y'all betta..." Sonja Blade- "what y'all know about..." Styles P- "put in my work..." Sheek--- "on the block..." Jadakiss- "aint none of y'all betta..." Styles P- "bet you know it's all real..." Tef and Billy Danze- "Is it real? Yeah son!" Jadakiss- "aint none of y'all betta..." [Sheek] Let's get it poppin my nigga Load the tech up and go shoppin my nigga and I don't mean the mall or no Gucci store You know what the fuck I want, bricks of raw and I'm too old to make less than a hundred a year If it means wavin the hammer and leavin you there If it means grabbin your kids out daycare Somebody losin a seed, pay or bleed It's Sheek Louch, I aint got no heart I shoot broad daylight right in front of the mark I put 28 holes through the icy car Fuck around, like the God won't squeeze If I don't see the badge I'm clappin the D's LOX motherfucker, the OX motherfucker The reason why you shouldn't cop drops motherfucker Like it's something for me to shoot your pops motherfucker, what  [Primo scratches] [Jadakiss] Ayo the dopes and the rice, the cokes and the pyrex over the stove and I'm bout to hit it with the ice Runners love to pump the bomb They know no fair ones, now niggas'll jump they moms You god, minus the 12 disciples I pop up, all you see is shells and rifles If I don't like you, I'ma kill you not fight you I bite a little piece of your ear off like Mike do and everybody gon' follow me now Down eighth and an oozie mahogany brown Faggots want you to kill 'em in a hurry It fucks me up, like they aint got no money to get buried You could flip, I'll survive m'kay, motherfucker In my block still doin twenty-five a day Know you work out, chest and your back all nice But the twelve gauge'll have your six pack on ice, what? [Primo scratches] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Parle Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: I'm a Gangsta Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com HOOK 2X: Jadakiss and Parle I'm a gangsta Yeah, motherfucker I'm a thug Uh, please believe I'm a pimp girl C'mon, let's go and I'm a hustler, a hustler do it, do it, do it... [Verse 1] Yo, I'm a gangsta, cuz I do gangsta shit matter fact from now on call me gangsta Kiss you already know I handle my business slay you then your man before the first candle's finished feel good when I walk through the hood best part is, I don't gotta flow I just talk to the hood and I do alotta readin, and only eat pasta shrimp fettucini, and pine a la vaca came here talkin slick, all that real shit that's why I'm somethin to deal wit even though I wanted Gore to win I can fuck with Bush though, cuz he gon let the raw come in bigger the boss, bigger the picture bullets is bisexual, cuz they hit niggas and bitches in a Deville with dubs in the back on a cell phone riffin I'm all of the above just listen HOOK [Verse 2] Yo, I'm a thug so I blow on weed get money like it grow on trees have all these hoes roll on E some of my niggas even stole on D's work 12 hour shifts, just gimme the word I get 12 cowards hit, never givin a fuck 18's on the Coupe, deuce O's on the truck tell P hold the hammer while I handle the dice shoot him in his bandanna he aint gamblin right I need a 360 Medina, charcoal gray treat my guns like my dogs, let 'em bark all day in a three floor condo with the spiral stairs made it past the front desk, then the rifle's here I'm the motherfuckin big shot, I get down wit a 17, 16, 10 and a six shot fuck with Kiss get your wig rocked and if you're smart you'll bounce when my motherfuckin shit drop HOOK [Verse 3] Yo, I'm a pimp girl catch me at the bar with a bottle of Cuervo mami's rubbin my webo and this is what got me the ass honey said her drink was hot so I put my watch in her glass then she aint even wanna get breakfast she just wanna hop right up in the truck and get reckless top from the club all the way to the exit ask me her name, couldn't tell you if I guessed it my bitches don't know nothing, don't say nothing and they pay for everything, I don't pay nothing I'm a white tee pimp, fresh headband dirty denim, Timbaland, or a Nike pimp I like to eat shrimp, and I don't keep a broad long enough to love 'em now dog that's some deep shit cuz I don't believe in hoes explorin no matter how bad you are you gone in the mornin HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Carl Thomas Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Nasty Girl Typed by: drk757@hotmail.com C'mon I need a good girl I need a good girl I need a good girl [Verse I] Eyes all chinky She be coming through in the new Cadillac Escalade on twinkies Ma got a perfect face, brilliant ass Her hands and her feet look like a mill in cash I love when I call and she still in class Instead of down in Bloomingdales stealing bags And you know ya man Jada shoot through the hood She look so good that the chickenheads can't hate her Ever seen a dime? she a hell-a one Still make her hop out and cop me a dutch, a vanilla one Taught her how to murda the highway Put her up on mean shoes like Roberto Cavale` Even though she look real ill in the Gucci Now you might catch her in Amilio Puchi Since she a good girl that attend college I don't let her give me brain I just let her give me knowledge [Hook 2X: Carl Thomas] She's a good, good, good, good girl Such a real fine lady and a lucky girl I don't want no nasty girl I don't want no nasty girl [Verse II] I'ma show you the kiss of life sorta like Sade G-class 5, the seats go sideways Wit the see-through roof, OOF! Rims so big they leave dents in the highway My good girl ride wit me She take over the wheel everytime I pull over to piss She shake it up in the club when I'm over them hips Waking up to the turkey bacon over the grits Orange juice and the newspaper over the clips Later on she gon hook up spaghetti She ain't worried 'bout Herm S shit she got it already She said she knew about the game cause her father was heavy Then she asked could she borrow the Chevy I could zoom in the jag She going shopping need room for the bags I sped off in the joint like it's Raspy's world Cause (I don't want no nasty girl} [Hook] [Verse III] She's a good girl, I love her for that She got mad dough, I love her for that Her moms is cool, I think her lil' brother a rat Everything else is straight though other than that She dont play no games, I love her for that Or hang wit no dames, I love her for that I told her roll for dolo, leave the chicks Attitude, reflex leadership And the sex is incredible, I love her for that How she fit me in her schedule, I love her for that And she like making love by the lake for hours Or just chillin' on the block, on a crate for hours This Jadakiss, and Timbaland This is Raspy's world And I don't want no nasty girl [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss the Game Goodbye Song: Put Ya Hands Up * Typed by: Lefferts01@hotmail.com * first single Turn the fuckin beat on! Ha!! Yeah, we back! (?) I had to switch back to Dom Perignon in rap baby! Cock-and-run to stay in the business Son of a bitch! Double R, look at me now motherf.. Two-thousand-and-one, "Kiss the Game Goodbye" - let's get it on! [Jadakiss] It's the J-A-D-A I got beef with the feds and the D-A I got footage in the game press replay I got bitches in the club all over me ma take it e-asy And y'all scared I can tell and I'ma get Buckss like Milwaukee cause like +Sam+ I +Can-sell+ I'm that nigga y'all know that Bang you in tha yard then slide off on the early go back In the streets I flash the cannon like Kodak And I spray threes so say cheese Already told you I'm lookin for enemies Double R so of course it's better I love cornrows and Farrah Fawcett feathers It's a message in a glass bottle read the letter Money in the bank membership Visa sweaters And we ride or d-i-e together [Chorus 1] Uh uh come on put ya hands up Nah, fuck that put ya hands down [ahh] Come on put ya hands up Nah, fuck that put ya hands down [Jadakiss] Y'all know I got the master flow, fast or slow Y'all wanna know who the best is aks ya hoe The honies don't lie they love it And they cop for real trust me dogg the thugs will dub it 'Kiss hit you with consecutive hot shit Therefore nobody never gon' spit like I spit Get money just to walk through off the books So when you mention my name shit is off the hook Shirts is off, titties is out And you know I'm there the hardest niggas in the city is out I'm in the club ice over the thermal waitin for you to try me When the lights get low I'ma burn you Start with straight shots and then pop bottles Flirt with the hood rats then pop models Gotta slay two or more, ma that's our motto And y'all might get down with the team if y'all swallow [Chorus 2] (longer and diferent fill in) [Jadakiss] (Muahh) Kiss the game goodbye, the game is mine You thought wrong change ya mind I'm the nigga that'll pop the king and scoop the queen and take over the town with a ruthless team New S-Type wagon, future green Gun heavy pants saggin I'm used to cream Who you know can make a million dollar bail on cash Never did a day and got the jails on smash, K-I double I move the perico quick, and just let manteca bubble 'Kiss been a boss, y'all just start workin Now put ya hands up 'til ya arms start hurtin Don't put 'em down 'til I tell you Whoever wanna be hard headed then find out what the shells do Now you can put 'em down if you want  But soon as the hook come back put 'em up [Chorus 3] (then fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: On My Way Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jadakiss] Aiyyo Swizz check it out I'm shoot over to Cali, yknahmsayin? Check this movie out Then I'ma check honey out Then I'ma fly back to N.Y., see what's goin on in the projects Then I'ma shoot down to Atlanta See how it's goin down in the Dirty Dirty Then I'ma shoot over to New Orleans, Detroit, Chicago, Seattle, Miami.. [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] I'm on my way to Cali to see my bitch (say what?) I'm on my way to New York to see my bitch (that's right) Down in Atlanta done seen my bitch - now I don't know, what you've been told But I'm on my way to Philly to see my bitch (say what?) I'm on my way to Texas to see my bitch (that's right) Down in Miami done seen my bitch - now I don't know, what you've been told [Jadakiss] But I'm on my way to Cali to see my bitch and do a movie but first I gotta read my script After that I get it poppin at the La Mentage I'm gettin skull in the Ferrari, bottom garage Then it's back to N.Y. to my project bitch She like to do it anywhere, a real hardhead bitch And she enjoy riffin when I'm gone but love when I say I'll be there in a minute, listen for the horn {*beep beep beep*} I'm down in Atlanta to see my bitch She go to college, she model, and she got chips Rock La Perla lingerie Tattoo on her ass that say that this belong's to Ja' Now I don't know, what you've been told But 'Kiss be blowin they mind and spendin they dough And I'm goin on a lil' trip, I'll be back Anybody lookin for me, just tell 'em that I'm [Jadakiss] I'm on my way to New Orleans, for one whole month to see my shorty in Magnolia, she got gold fronts We don't kiss; matter fact I only hit that once but she chill and she like to smoke big fat blunts Then I'm swingin through Detroit to see my boo You think you got every color mink? She got two And she just slapped a hundred on the toy Honey was a gangstress for real, gettin money off the board Then I'm hittin Chi-Town, soon as it die down Lay up in my chick's house, break a couple pies down Nobody can do this but 'Kiss, freeze.. .. music please {*ahhh-hahhh!*} Ahh, where was I? Oh yes Off to the Valley so I gotta go West My chick got the gold Benz and the gray Lex I hit her with a shirt on cause she got fake breasts, c'mon [Jadakiss] That I'm on my way to Philly to see my bitch (yesss) She talkin shit on the celly like she that bitch (yesss) And this how you know it's definitely real When you drop the CL-6, then you knock Stephanie Mills When I get there, she gon' show me more than some brotherly love Top piece 'til I cum in her mug I'm tryin to leave and she givin me hell Told her bend over; I'ma crack that ass like the Liberty Bell {*BONG!*} Now I'm on my way to Texas to see my bitch I oughta be there by breakfast if I leave by six And ain't nuttin stoppin Ja' I'ma get the puss, catch the Rockets game, then be on my way Now I'm down in Miami to see my bitch She got her own beauty salon, and she strip I'm proud of the girl, backside's out of this world The bitch perform; besides that, her lips was warm, c'mon [Chorus] - 2X {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Cruisin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I wanna.." {*scratch*} uhh "I wanna.."  [*sung*] Cruisin baby (c'mon) [Snoop] Cruise with me, cruise with me [*sung*] Come ride with me (ride with me) [Snoop] Ride, ride [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come smoke with me (smoke with me) [*sung*] Cruisin baby (c'mon) [*sung*] Roll down these streets (bounce) [Snoop] Bounce (yeah) [Jadakiss] Yo, yo "I wanna.." take a trip to the Beverly Center and scoop a mean model broad up dawg and get head in the renter Gotta take her home, clean her up before I can finish Cause ain't no pussy worth gettin burnt while I'm up in it Then I made her roll up while I was runnin a bath And she said she do X, I gave her one and a half Let her get her roll on and made her jump in the bath I left her standin there sayin.. haha "I wanna.." come through in the orange M5 And I got them things in the trunk and they goin for ten-five It could and it will get ugly, but so what? No matter how it go down, the hood'll still love me Never cut broads, I let everybody hit 'em My bullets is like chicken pox, everybody get 'em You know Ja' blow pud-dy, lookin for somethin to slay Mixin the 'gnac with Ocean Spray, c'mon "I wanna.." [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come ride with me [Snoop] Ride with me, ride with me, ride with me [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come smoke with me [Snoop] Smoke with me, smoke with me, smoke with me [*sung*] Cruisin baby - roll down these streets [Snoop] Roll with me, roll with me, roll with me [*sung*] with me.. [Snoop Dogg] "I wanna.." bust a bitch upside her motherfuckin head for talkin shit to a pimp Limp on 'em, flip on 'em, dip on 'em Crip on 'em, and put this motherfuckin dick on 'em This sorta fish called a bitch oughta hush up Rolled a fat blunt and smoked this motherfuckin dope up Cause you know what? (Whattup?) Shit a nigga know you're so tough, but bitch I wanna go fuck "I wanna.." take you upstairs, and do dat dere Hell motherfuckin yeah See I'm a real player and I won't waste your time I've been a starter, I ain't never sat the fuckin pine Stay on the frontline, it's all by de-sign Nigga done the crizzime, ain't never dropped a dizzime Everything is fizzine, rollin up a dizzime D-O-double-G I got bitches waitin in lizzine "I wanna.." [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come ride with me [Snoop] Ride with me, ride with me, ride with me [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come smoke with me [Snoop] Smoke with me, smoke with me, smoke with me [*sung*] Cruisin baby - roll down these streets [Snoop] Roll with me, roll with me, roll with me [*sung*] with me.. [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, yeah.. yeah.. "I wanna.." do the club thing like in and out in an hour And then I'm back home bangin shorty out in the shower Check it I'm chasin the Henny with Coronas She got in her mind that, she gon' get some Fendi if I bone her (eh-eh) Backshot was murder from the rear And she gave me mean top, while I blew the purple in her hair Oh yeah, after I nutted I was a goner And still got honey thinkin that "I wanna.." automatic start on the Aston Martin Can't beat 'Kiss cause you ain't got half the heart an' get you hit on the inside for half a carton Couple of suits - dawg, we fuckin with loot I got enough dough to chill in court But I know dudes with twenty-five in and they still ain't short But never mind that, we can't lose Pour another drink, roll another dutch up We gon' cruise, let's go "I wanna.." [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come ride with me [Snoop] Yeah, cruise, cruise.. gangsta, gangsta.. [*sung*] Cruisin baby - come smoke with me [Snoop] Yea yea, yea yea.. yea yea, gangsta, gangsta.. [*sung*] Cruisin baby - roll down these streets [Snoop] Cruise.. lay low.. hold it down y'all [*sung*] with me.. [Snoop] Hold it hold it hold it down, hold it down y'all "I wanna.." [Snoop] Yea yea, hold it down .. "I wanna.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nate Dogg Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Kiss is Spittin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jadakiss] Uhh.. uh, uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh, uh-uh-uh Uh (uh) uh (uh) uh-uh-uh Uh (uh) uh (uh) uh-uh-uh Uh (uh) uh (uh) uh-uh-uh Yo, yo, yo, yo Hey yo I got land cars and jewelry, and artillery And I got every hood feelin me It's nuttin like when a thug get at you and spit thug literature Your fanbase wanna get rid of you Still in the hood doin it I don't know why I'm doin this, we don't eve move a lot of units But ain't no threats, don't stress me dog You gotta let me hear somethin to impress me dog When I spit I put rappers in line, then smack 'em around  I got 'em all home practicin now You know 'Kiss be, icey hard and crispy The truck's manual but the Coupe is 6-B Listen I ain't never spit nonsense I'm from the street with a mean vocabulary contents Whoever you send I'll send back Y'all all been wack; 'Kiss is makin a strong impact C'mon [Chorus: Nate Dogg] (When 'Kiss, is spittin) They don't love you no more (When 'Kiss, is spittin) Things will never be the same a-gain (When 'Kiss, is spittin) Why they hatin on you [Jada] It's just like that, ha! (When 'Kiss, is spittin) [Jadakiss] Uh, uh, yo, yo Sinnin or not, I'm grinnin a lot, spendin a knot Dirty denim and a cinnamon fox Bitches'll follow, gangsters'll ride, gentlemen watch Buy the bar, leave drunk, shoot up the block You might hear 'Kiss spittin, but after the show you might hear clips spittin, we after your glow Things'll never be the same again when your frame get bent, link get worn, change get spent Confiscate your whip - you think you a player? I could confiscate your bitch, take her and slay her If a nigga nicer than me, then Christ is here You got somethin in the bank? Then the dice is here I could show you how to gamble your money, handle a gun but be a family man and go home to your son Light a candle where you stand, cause that's where you died and if you heard 'Kiss spittin, then you know it was won, uh [Jadakiss] Yo, yo Hey yo the voice got a lot of people heated, peep it The flow is like methadone - lot of people need it Seen it all happen before Feel like I'm still hustlin; cause the way I'm rappin is raw You could put your jewels on it You might just see me in the lightning pickup with the 22's on it The stakes'll cost you; understand one thing I do great field work plus I'ma boss too Loyalty is hard to come by Y'all know who the streets is run by, could only be one guy And that be who but 'Kiss, no security The burner and some niggaz that I grew up with And the brand new 911, fuck a dime with a fine eleven at stop signs I'm revvin And the flow is just so obnoxious As far as the Double R camp go, dawg I got this, c'mon now [Chorus] w/o Jada {*repeat 2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Fuckin' or What? Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com What's up ma? Is we fuckin' or what? Haha, trying to say something tonight baby I know everybody ask their chick this question In the house, in the club, in the car, outside, everywhere (Chorus 2x) All my stripclub honeys is we fuckin' or what? All my eat-pill honeys is we fuckin' or what? All my hoodrat honeys is we fuckin' or what? I just wanna know one thing, is we fuckin' or what? (Jadakiss) Ain't no need in buying a drink or holding a convo If you ain't coming back to the condo It's damn near 4 in the morning ain't shit to discuss Til you ask which dick do you suck I'm trying to fuck til it's light outside You feel the same? Get your coat get your friends The truck right outside Listen ma I wanna ball out So when I nut I expect you to suck it all out And let my man tear your walls out Cause he just came home and he need pussy to fall out I get it crump ask the fellow players Kiss hit more hoes than they list in the yellow pages It's never to cuff 'em share 'em right after I fuck 'em To come clean I'm a mellow gangster Pass a chick like a baton runner to runner Been through a million thongs from summer to summer So you'll never see J stressed they always say yes Everynight dog I be bustin a nut I just can't stop gettin' the butt And the only thing I ask girlfriend is we fuckin' or what? (Chorus 2x) (Jadakiss) Look if you don't like men be out And if it's all good and you got a girlfriend then we out Please don't hit me with the two worse lines How you don't be doing this or this is your first time Listen we all grown bitch you came here on your own bitch I leave them lawsuits alone bitch She try to tell me she model I told her me too you ain't saying nothing slick suck it and swallow I just wanna hit you from the back and watch the Apollo And if the pussys all that I might holla tomorrow But you acting like a rabbit how you cling to the carrots It ain't the bling it's the nigga ma get it and stash it Caught a coy, caught a flashback check this out Bring your girlfriend in the room shorty and lick her asscrack And even though your toungue stuck in her butt The only thing I wanna know is we fuckin' or what? (Chorus 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Cross, Drag-On, Eve, Infa-Red, Sheek, Styles Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: It's Time I See You Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Drag-On] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Fuck y'all niggas talkin 'bout huh? ["it's time I see you...] Get it right, you faggot niggas heard Suge Knight Double R's the only niggas he respect and, y'all niggas shook right? y'all get on Hot 97 and, talk wit a baritone wit two niggas downstairs wit ?licensed guns? to take y'all home scared ass niggas, you think they gon take a life so they can get life [nope] ask Puff they aint tryin to hear that nigga for no cake, and y'all can get at us on Labor Day we make stones that say ? your moms labor day I'm in the hood so we can link up, any place you think of handheld don't hold prints plus I burnt the tip of my fingers I'm a Bronx gangsta nigga, double R's hoodrat the nigga they come get quick bitch, on this hood shit [Cross] Y'all bitches think the ryders a joke, well I don't play [let's go] I blow you whole fuckin shit up like Tim McVeigh gimme the needle, not tomorrow, but today Cross comin y'all better get the fuck out the way I aint the shit that you see that's on the top of your church I put a bomb in your baby carriage, brick through your hearse [Infa-Red] Tell your CEO, don't call my CEO apologizin [sorry] I'm at your wake in the choir standin harmonizin It's Infa-Red the shit that be on top of the heater The best thing in New York since Steinbrenner signed Jeter hold Camby sister the hostage, then send 'em a reef so stop frontin vegetarian just scared of beef [Eve] Yo, ay suck my dick bitch, the way this chick spit ridickliss Here we go again, only we on Kiss shit we comin and you keep runnin you keep claimin you the best that done it pussy let me see somethin fake niggas screamin "Ryde or Die" same niggas we run up on and make 'em cry outta all the camps in this game, nigga we the champs in this game who kick the real shit before the fame fuck you fat ass, fake bad ass niggas still play the hood while you ride past niggas coward trust me, we keep it gutter hope you stay mad a hater cuz you can't touch us, huh "It's time I see you..." [Styles] Ayo, I aint got a care in the world Kidnappin your kid, maimin your mom, and airin your girl and like, you aint got a care in the world I'm hopeless and numb, I can't see but I can focus my gun and I'm down for smokin blunts to the head my nerves is shot, my paces is short, I dump in your head I'm the hardest nigga out you outta know it by now I'm the nigga that they talk about goin to Chao and my name ring bells, my blade stay bloody if you heard about me beefin dog I leave the most shells the nigga to salute, the quickest to shoot Holiday Styles, motherfucker, givin you pound [Sheek] What? Like I won't run up and break your jaw like they make a vest for your head to stop the 4 I'm tired of rappin, let's get the mack and send niggas on vacation right in front of the radio station motherfuckers aint quiet til the tech go off arteries hitted, hawkin, they neck is shit I'm the motherfuckin hardest I smack the shit out of any one of your artists whatever the label y'all niggas don't want beef, y'all want meat at the table and I don't give a fuck, Sheek'll do life in the box before any of y'all bitch niggas front on the LOX What? Motherfuckers, c'mon [Jadakiss] Yo, If I miss your head and your neck, I'll hurt your chest if you from the streets betrayal is worse than death and I'm known for gettin money, not known for wildin but I'm real I could rock both phones in the island this is how we even the bets I kill everything you love dog, right now, even the pets everything got dubs on it, even the vets 50 close, then 50 wide, even the sets cuz the bullets is like calisthenics when I'm squirtin when they start hurtin, that means they workin only way we comin is hard industry is like jail nigga, double R's runnin the yard, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Eightball, Fiend, Yung Wun Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: What You Ride For? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Fiend] WHOMP! WHOMP! [Chorus: Fiend] What you ride for? What you die for? BOUNCE! I got some bitches that'll ride for me, die for me (WHOMP!) What you ride for? What you die for? BOUNCE! I got some bitches that'll ride for me, die for me (WHOMP! WHOMP!) [Fiend] Cornbread by the ki, the language when you call on a G Prices cut (?) when you ballin on me Sleepy I'll fuck all over your jones, holla at my cousin for zones He don't communicate with Fiend unless you're buildin a home Hustler kill on his momma, before he short me Shoot him in his heart then go take it to heart, see gon' mob me(?) Ghetto red hot, seventeen ward block Yes I issue more shit for you to cop, then store it by the docks Hide the fun if you can't afford cops So ain't no tellin where your boy rots I employ Rotts that be wildin off the rocks Speak in fives - like gimme what you got And still pop a nigga ass from the rooftop And still catch the 'Kiss performance later with The L.O.X. We real raw - my dog collar signin with the R and R Fuck with me you blow up with your car, (?) [Yung Wun] How come I don't stop in this You wanna ride get in and get gone, gotta get my thug on You wanna war? Okay.. alright.. bring it on Touch me, you ashes (boy) I'ma leave you gaseous (uh-huh) I'm a ghetto bastard if I want it let me have it (woo!) You play the game raw, I make a fuckin mess (BLAOW!) You play thug in the streets I'm wavin at your chest (nigga) You heard about me boy, you don't want no drama I make it hard for you to breathe in the streets while finessin your baby momma - get your mind right shawty while you poppin that X, I'ma pop yo' chest And leave you dead in the party like soakin wet That's what happens when you flex In the A-T-L shawty don't be caught in the hype I make two phone calls from a pay phone and there go your life [Chorus] - 2X [Eightball] Yeah I, lock shit like a, big pimp nigga Eight mackin with no, fake shit nigga Coast to coast tossin hoes with my clique nigga Stick my clip in, and do a hit for 'Kiss nigga Dirty money - the only way for this nigga Hustle after hustle - tryin to be a rich nigga If I get caught up, I'll never be a snitch nigga We pimpin hard charge it all to a bitch nigga Under my denim is a big fo'-fifth nigga Fuckin with me is like, jumpin off a cliff nigga And I don't practice I was born with this gift nigga Pure pimpin from my brain to my lips nigga Sticky green takes my mind on a trip nigga In A-T-L I get my Gucci down at Phipps nigga We call 'em slabs in New York they call 'em whips nigga One hundred baby - Eightball gotta dip nigga [Jadakiss] Uh, uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh - yo when I'm loadin the clips, niggaz I hate, face be on 'em That's why I stopped coppin the guns with safeties on 'em When I touch down, call me up, I'm on the porch with the mac, servin niggaz "Eightballs" and up You wanna know why niggaz is broke, because they hate money The rims that I'm sittin on is in they late twenties Bitches wanna see me holla at 'em, throw a dollar at 'em and if they hustle throw some hard or some powder at 'em This is for my South niggaz Gold and platinum ice in they mouth niggaz LET'S RIDE OUT NIGGAZ Everybody gon' follow the bitches until they realize, bullets gon' follow the stitches On the other hand, shit is real low, it's a fact that nine out of ten niggaz mouths get 'em killed though What you ride for? What you die for? Cause I got some niggaz and some bitches that's my word that I kill for [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ DMX Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Un-Hunh! Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com Errrr, here we go again Uh, un-hunh Uh, un-hunh Uh, un-hunh [DMX] Yeah, yo Kiss [Jada] What up dog? [DMX] These niggaz running around here like they controling this shit [Jada] No doubt [DMX] Let's show these niggaz how to take hold of this shit [Jada] That's what I'm talkin about baby [DMX] For real baby [Jada] Let's get it on [DMX] I only gave you the crown so I could shoot it off your fuckin head Yall niggaz fuckin dead, you heard what the fuck I said I talk shit cause I walk shit, start shit, New York shit The hawk shit, spark shit, the dark shit And it been that way, fuck how a nigga live it's gon' end that way niggaz is part of a game that I don't play Never catch dog carrying what I don't weigh That's three 45s, one 38, 173 pounds straight out the gate I don't hate, got no beef but knock a nigga off quick And I'm mad like a bitch and a nigga with a soft dick Get off this, fucking with X, but on some other shit Why the fuck you fucking with X? You must be fucking with X Go catch a chicken, fucking with me you gon' catch a whippen [Chorus: Jadakiss & DMX] Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again Un-hunh, here we go again [Jadakiss] Look don't try to apologize on your two way Sympathy don't amuse me, go get your uzi And let's make a real movie Play bad guy and good guy til the hood die Toast yall cowards Now I know the reason why Pac ain't really like most yall cowards Im'a show you how to swing the chrome for real Dog this year we gon' bring it home for real What you wanna bet the llama'll squash you I been had a white fan base before the signing of Marshall Boy Kiss is thorough, hit your girl Put it all up her stomach til she earl Yall niggaz ain't nice ya lucky So fuck it Im'a sell dope long as the price is lovely And it ain't only the voice it's the bars of death DMX and Jadakiss nigga guard ya chest [DMX] When is they getting off our dicks, them niggaz is clowns How many dogs you let go up, still getting down Like 'face said, last of a dying breed For stomach and I feed still trying to eat Lead by greed that's when you fuck up Yall niggaz gonna know when we hungry, you get stuck up (What what?) What's up? Fuck a nigga yelling Y-O motherfucker for real, yo 'Kiss tell 'em [Jadakiss] Shoot to kill, stomp niggaz out boot to grill I'll give you a reason why I'm "The Truth" for real niggaz can't fuck with Kiss, I mean that Had to stop eating red meat cause I ate too many Beanie-Macs I'm not one of them niggaz and since you so richeous Don't make me send your ass to Ala quicker niggaz gas you to force your hand Realistically you just a worker and your boss is my man [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Feel Me [skit] Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Uh huh... All I want you to do is feel me... Why take time out, to give you the real me... Uh, uh, uh Ayo I grew up very athletic, hard headed thought I knew everything, wanted to do everything I was spoiled, stubborn, the only child so the only thing I could do was hold it down Now this is something that I could tell you that's no bullshit I always been wicked with the flow since a lil kid my first addiction, GI Joes and icies after that it was light skinned girls and Nikes breeze through junior high school, then high school couple of semesters of college and then night school Moms start riffin, talkin 'bout how she can't support a grown man so the god start flippin Pops used to say shit, but never to me much was like he wasn't even there cuz we aint agree much used to be gone for whole weeks at a time puffin one eleven, used to roll three out a dime then I found myself sleepin in late, doin nothing fuckin, runnin with the niggas that was hustlin shop wasn't open then, niggas was workin for a pair of Jordans the next two weeks they was broke again me and K keep havin talks of gettin coke again but the block was crowded we waitin for an openin meanwhile shit still slow we still flowin never stop or look back we still goin Bop passed the demo to Mary then she passed it to cousin We thought it was on but it wasn't and we can't blame nobody look at us now dog, we came in the game nobodies Double R and Interscope, put that cake up and we aint go platinum but we made niggas wake up got 'em all talkin 'bout pumpin the brick and they only go and see papi to get somethin to sniff I'm 'bout to fuck the game up for real like in the World Series nigga that parachute down in the field I don't rap I provide you bars and the pain is invisible, but you can't hide the scars so y'all never be on the level that we're on ability to have dope thoughts and spit heroin I'm good just wakin up That's how I know I got one more chance to go and cash in and cake it up... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Ann Nesby Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Keep Ya Head Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*kid trying to sound like he's crying*} [Jadakiss] Whattup little man? What's the matter? [lil' man] I wish I didn't have to be here [Jadakiss] It's not that bad.. Could always be worse, yaknahmsayin? All you gotta do, is stay in school Anything you wanna do you could do yaknahmsayin baby? No matter what though, gotta keep your head up to the sky [Jadakiss] This goes out to, all the infants in this cold world that was born addicted And to all the section eight kids Just remember these four words y'all - we gon' make it The government keep on tryin to fool us The system, keep on tryin to lose us And all we can do is keep buyin computers And (?) all now 'fore it start goin down We gotta hold our head, keep our pride Though it hurts when I see people sleep outside Little babies with no socks on, eatin popcorn We all know what they moms and they pops on Out go the love when the drugs come They never got nuttin for Christmas, and they ain't Muslim This is a jewel, a lot of us was them This is a jewel, a lot of us was them [Chorus: Ann Nesby] Your head to the sky.. my my, my You can win - you can win - if you keep your head As long as you keep - your head - your head to the sky My my, my.. [Jadakiss] Uhh, to my lockdown niggaz keep your head in the sky To my shot down niggaz keep your head in the sky I don't know if it's better to ride, or better to die And that's why there's red in my eye Cause people don't know what the ghetto is like Either you make it out, or the terrible life I don't wanna be a broke bastard And everybody in the hood got somebody in they fam' with a coke habit You work for minimum wage I'ma get in the game, get shot or a bid in the cage It's a risk I gotta take - and I'ma be the nigga with the bricks and the stash and the biscuit outta state And even though I'm blessed with the gift I gotta move cause the pain and the sickness gotta wait I go extremely hard - why let up? And I can breathe long as I keep my head up [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh - uh-huh, uhh - uh.. Aiyyo I come from a place where it's three strikes out And your life's on the line, so we iced out Summertime gettin money, three dice out Tanktops, and jean shorts, we Niked out Headbands, and four wheelers Jeeps and Coupes and convos, about who know more killers It's all wrong but it's all right It's a small world; matter fact it's a small life We all trip but the way to survive is hold your head and make sure you fall right And it's a quite fact, that whatever goes around comes right back It's just like that And we tryin to touch major paper Everybody in the struggle it gets greater later Never say can't, it's better to try And you can breathe long as you keep your head in the sky [Ann Nesby] Don't you let nobody stop you, mm Heyy, heyyy, yeahhh! [Chorus] - 2X w/ variations {*ad libs and Chorus by Ann Nesby to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Good Times (I Get High) Typed by: Air23no1@aol.com {*sample from: "I Get High (On Your Memory)" by Freda Payne*} "I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high  I get high, I get high, I get high, I get high  I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory  HIGH on your memory..." "I get high - high - high - high" (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get high - high - high - high" (All the time) "High-ighhhhhhh..." (*laughing*) [Verse One] Everyday I need an ounce and a half S.P.; the only flower that you know, with a bounce in a half Listen kid, I need a mountain of cash So I could roll up, hop in the whip and like, bounce to the ave I get, high cause I'm in the hood, the guns is around It take a blunt, just to ease the pain that humbled me now (whew) And I'd rather roll somethin up; cause if I'm sober dawg I just might flip, grab my guns and hold somethin up I get high as a kite; I'm in the zone all alone motherfucker case I'm dyin tonight (it happen tonight) So I roll 'em up, back to back, fat as I could (uh-huh) You got beef with Styles P, I come to splatter the hood "I get high - high - high - high" (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory" (All the time) "HIGH on your memory..." (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get high - high - high - high" (All the time) "I get high - high - high - high" (*laughing*) "High-ighhhhhhh..." [Verse Two] Aiyyo I smoke like a chim-in-ney {*inhaling*} Matter fact I, smoke like a gun, when a killer see his enemy I smoke like Bob Marley did; add to that that I smoke like the hippies did, back in the 70's Spit with the finishin touch - get this, that I'ma finish you before I finish the dutch I get high like the birds and the planes I get high when, bullets hit faces after words exchanged I get a rush, off the blood on the walls, you understand? Like the, M-5 pedal, when it's touchin the floor I get high cause fuck it, what's better to do? And I'ma never give a fuck (that's right) cause I'm better than you [Verse Three] I'ma smoke 'til my lungs collapse; I'm from a era where  niggaz cause terror over guns and crack Where a doller bill is powerful; I smoke weed cause time seem precious, and I, know what a hour do (I know dat) High for a livin, gots ta, ride for a livin With my, real gangsta niggaz that'll die for a livin (die my niggaz) Shit I get as high as I could; cause if you see things like I see things, that I'ma die in the hood (right there) Motherfucker understand it's full service to you I don't smoke the weed if it ain't, purple or blue And you could name any rapper, if you want he could die (anybody) This is S.P., dump it in you bitch, I get high [Outro] "I get high - high - high - high" (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory" (All the time) "HIGH on your memory..." (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (I am the Ghost) "I get high - high - high - high" (Float with me) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory  I get HIGH on your memory" (I get high like birds to planes) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory"  I get HIGH on your memory" (I get high like, smokin dubs to the head) "I get high - high - high - high" "High-ighhhhhhh..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ P.K.iller, Swizz Beatz Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Y'all Know We in Here Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist P.K.iller! [Verse 1] Y'all gon die, so who gon cry for us hop in they whip and ride for us pop niggas in the skull in they frame, shit it's a body for a body for the love of the game But niggas'll call the precinct with your government name but I'm still loadin my guns, gettin it on and if a nigga bury my man, I bury his mom I was trained to dump in your face, jump over the gate hop in the hoop', grab a bird, get outta the state stay in the dirt, dog we like pieces of shit dealin coke like cars, come lease you a brick Holiday bitch, I show you what a 38 special do Turn niggas vegetable, salad ass niggas Never send a coward around violent ass niggas I'ma always bust my gun, use my knife ride or die, til the day I lose my life [HOOK 2X: Swizz and P.K.iller] Y'all know we in here! [YO!] Tell me who's in here! [YO!] Y'all know we in here! [YO!] Tell me who's in here! [YO!] You dealin with the streets, [YO!] you dealin with the thugs! [YO!] You dealin with the set, [YO!] so y'all throw it up! [Verse 2] It don't matter who you are, or what you say aint no rapper you name fuckin wit Styles and I'll probably die young, shot in the war but I aint never give a fuck, and I always was wild and I'd rather have a open case, than an open face kill every witness, I aint goin to trial and everybody's a gangsta, nobody's pussy there's alotta niggas lying and I know who you are Next time I go to jail, I aint gettin the bail I'ma kill a hundred niggas, right in front of niggas When cops come through, they gettin it too Goin out wit a bang, 'bout to start up a gang cocksucker, it's the Holiday crew get money, kill niggas, do robberies too cuz you fuckin wit the grimiest, sheistiest can't wait to die dog, life's a bitch [HOOK 2X] [Verse 3] I'ma die screamin, fuck you, meet me in hell cuz I still got beef on my chest, and it gets no deeper look at the ink on my arm, I tattooed the reaper of death and they call me Holiday, I let a slug go in your shirt and wait for the leak in your chest I'll probably black out, think about my welfare days and times I had to sleep on the steps Niggas don't want it wit me, you could call me arrogant dog until you get stabbed in the jaw P'll run up in the hospital, stab you some more don't you fuck wit no nigga that be plannin for war I got slugs that go through you, put your man on the floor purplest Porsche, mahogany seats, body your peeps project was pussy and the lobby was sweet niggas had alotta mouth, but they body was weak [HOOK 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: A Gangster and a Gentleman Typed by: Nadeem006@hotmail.com [Styles talking] Yes, pay full attention This is for gangstas, this is for gentlemen There's two kind of people out there I happen to be the boss type I'm a product of my environment Blame the streets, I am what they made me [Styles - Verse One] My pops came from Bed-Stuy, my mom came from Africa I'm more a nigga if you know what I mean They hooked up in the '70's when liquor and weed was heavy And had me in Corona, Queens By the time I was seven my mom left my pop Then we moved to the south side of Yonkers, New York Then my mom remarried, had my little brother Gary My sister a year later, let me gather my thoughts By the time I was nine I was outta my mind My step pops didn't like me beat me outta my mind Ten and eleven the same I never would change He still had to hit me, aggravate a little nigga Still wearin' Skippys Bob had Adidas and Pumas, I could a had a pair My mommy said wait 'til Christmas but I needed 'em sooner If you heard I was broke dawg it wasn't a rumor [Chorus (repeat 2x) - Styles] I said Gangstas ride (Ride with me) Gentlemen live your life (Live it up) Cause Gangstas die (We all gon die) It's only a matter of time (The clock tickin) [Styles - Verse Two] It was 1986 and I was twelve years old That's right around the time when crack came out It was the best thing that happened to me I swear to God cause I was gettin everything that I was askin about First we started off baggin up, me and golf Then shit start addin up, we gettin smart Now we on Broadway, coppin our own base Bring it home and put it in bottles, send us a rottle Drink an OE and scramble like it wasn't tomorrow I'm gettin kicked out of Junior High, thinkin I'm grown God bust with the yellow rabbit And I had every color dealt we was gettin it on I was out robbin Mexicans six in the morn' Mom said I'd had to ep again, rip it I'm gone Nigga get a little loony and grown, soup in the dome Fuck me up worst when I went to the group home [Chorus (repeat 2x) - Styles] I said Gangstas ride (Ride with me) Gentlemen live your life (Live it up) Cause Gangstas die (We all gon die) It's only a matter of time (The clock tickin) [Styles - Verse Three] I'm leavin out a lotta shit, nigga it's too real My alcoholic backround, the welfare motels Abuse that I had to take struggle at my mom's recruit How the fuck I'm gon bomb wit you And the cases I got up to date told you that I bust a eight Got niggas I can't name, outta state niggas fuck with weight Little brother gone but I got a baby angel You fuckin with a dirty name, don't let these niggas change you The present's what you get And the past is what make the man future I can't tell you I ain't God or lil' Superman No there ain't a 'S' on my chest, but it's a 'D' on my block (D-Block) And said life the deepest lesson is death I'm determined and I'm disciplined and destined to rest I'm a Gangsta and a Gentleman, Panero the best When I pass I'm like gas, motherfuckers Cause I'm a leave a stain that you'll never forget [Chorus (repeat 2x) - Styles] I said Gangstas ride (Ride with me) Gentlemen live your life (Live it up) Cause Gangstas die (We all gon die) It's only a matter of time (The clock tickin) [Styles talking in car] This gangsta and this gentleman shit, is about being humble But at the same time, let niggas know what's real And when I say you real, I could flip But at the same time, I could talk to a nigga at the same time If he don't respect that, then you gotta show 'em you're gangsta He respect that you show 'em you're gentleman Cause you respect him as a man That's what a gangsta and a gentleman is about The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Angie Stone Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Black Magic Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Angie Stone in background] You... Wha, wha yeah It's like a team over here daddy One for all, and one for one [let it flow, flow, flow... ahh yeah...] If it aint that then it aint right If you be knowin that, you'll be aight [Verse 1] My heart goes out to the homeless and poor and my niggas in the bing that didn't go to the board wit a 25 to L on your back the shit is too cold and for the kids that didn't get they school clothes For the gods that lost they earth The world's a song you'll get it back you just lost your verse It's P verse the demons, that's why I'm feenin for weed Cuz I don't wanna forfeit first I could even bust my gun and do some office work But I still wanna off this jerk [shit...] I can't leave it out my rhymes [why] cuz it be part of my dreams, to see 20 porsches murk Three houses for the family, two for the niggas When I die I was true to the niggas [true soldier] and I never practice voodoo But it's like Black Magic how I spit this fluid to niggas [CHORUS: Angie Stone] How do you move on his way When taking all this stress and pain There's gotta be a better way There's gotta be a better way yeah If I should give up hope today P won't you help me find my way All I really want... Is to live my life so we can just get high yeah, yeah [Verse 2] Ask God when he stoppin the pain A fiend got a shoelace on his arm and he poppin his vein and the needle look dirty but I'm close to reaching thirty and the only thing I know it's a profit to gain I might cry but I'm still cold I might be cold but I still cry and bottomline I'ma still die I can see the doors openin now I can see the ghost floatin around That's why P come down with the potenest sound spit the shit that'll open the ground [crack the ground] My third eye got a horoscope [see it all] So if you wanna know my horoscope, listen to the bars I wrote Build and destroy Come through the strip wit, bricks of the girl and keys of the boy Cuz all I really want [what] Was a gun and blunt, a lil money and some keys to a toy [CHORUS] [Verse 3] My whole life been a sacrifice So if my nigga need my help he aint never gotta ask me twice I'm the nigga you could kick it wit You gotta spot you wanna rob I'm the nigga you could stick it wit I'm in the studio, I'm droppin pain on the beat I'm famous indeed, but those is two differences They tryin to understand me, but I overstand 'em I'm the flowin phanthom, til we blowin random and to my corner niggas holdin cannons that want the money and jewels and everything cuz we so demanding To the hoes that think I'm handsome that know a gangster when she see one ma, yeah money that's the anthem Callin niggas like that's the ransom you could take 'em you could leave 'em but your man aint a happy camper If P flowin then that's the cancer Holiday the hottest shit point blank dog that's the answer [CHORUS] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Lil' Mo Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Daddy Get That Cash Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Lil' Mo] Styles P... It's Lil' Mo, holla at me Get that cash daddy [Styles] If it's you versus me - think about it They gon yell my name when they announce the winner And I ain't bout to sell much I got my honeys on the plane but the birds flyin south for the winter Go get ya self familiated I'm so gangsta that, just know'n myself makes me affiliated What chu think honey hold 'em hammers for? So she can spend 10 cent at Jill Sander store? We gon hit Rodeo Drive on Beverly Hills Though I love her, so I'm spendin like 70 bills Every week she bring the llello in, keep ya payroll big Light a blunt, and just beg me to chill Ain't a player but my life is real all of the time So she went and copped a gun a little smaller than mine That's a down ass chick, and she keep it real So I'ma keep it real back all of the time [Chorus: Lil' Mo (Styles)] Daddy gotta get that cash (I'm gonna get it, I'm gonna get it) Daddy gotta get that cash (I'm gonna get it, I'm gonna get it) Daddy gotta get that cash (I'm gonna get it, I'm gonna get it) Daddy gotta get that cash (I'm gonna get it, I'm gonna get it) [Styles] Daddy go and get that cash Go and get the black suit, grab the burner plus get that match She said "Tell my where you goin" It's no doubt I'm comin in Cause she could fit a little 9 or a 22 right inside her bra or Calvin Klein underwear Mami you could stay home and bag up the work I'm just goin out to play chrome or nag up a jerk If I kiss her then her heart'll melt Listen dogg, you don't understand the work, that she carry in the garder belt No doubt I love her, I'ma tell you the truth But dont' get it fucked up, and get bucked up Only thing sweet about P is his tooth And she could sleep with another dude She gon tell me where the safe at, the coke at, how to rob his mother too "Daddy go and get that cash"... That's what my honey holla'd out every time I hit that ass [Styles] Since you helped daddy get that cash Get the condo and the mink, and the ring and the gift wrapped Jag And you still got the bomb head, I pay the phone and the rent But keep it real Boo, you pay the Con-ed If I get knoced, she in the VI room With some money on my books, give weed to a nigga Don't worry about shit, cause I be out soon No doubt that's my booby-cat She drop my bricks off right on Broadway, and she go and get a doobie wrap Lookin at the god like we oughta elope One pop for the pasta, one pot for the coke Holiday Styles, dick one shot for the dough And it's sorta like we Bonnie and Clyde I load the ouie up, she gon roll the gouie up, then mami abide And she said "Daddy get that cash" She know I would but had no idea that I would skip that fast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ J-Hood, Jadakiss, Sheek Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Lick Shots Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Styles) Lick a shot for the predicate felons And gangster niggas that know that  Doing their time is better than tellin Don't tell dog, lick a shot for the graveyard shift And all the hustlers on ninety-five for the graveyard prick Lick a shot for this weed I need Just to see clear, to tell the truth I can't breathe a ki Lick a shot for the stick up kids that twist up wigs Thats the shit that happens when you pick up bids Lick a shot for the foreign car, American trucks Old timers that'll throw a stack of presidents up Got dice shooter slang, need a pistol to hang But the P understand cause the ghetto is fucked Lick a shot for the fiends  That got to go see the minors on the block to get medicined up Lick a shot for the sake of licking a shot And everytime I'm far away from home I'll be missing my block D-Block nigga (Chorus: Sheek) Lick shots for the hood Yeah nigga we good Lick shots for the poor We still gotta run from the law Lick shots for the rich I-95 moving them bricks Lick shots for the crew My niggas'll ride and I ride too (J-Hood) Someone lick a shot for D-Block cause thats what I'm on Lick a shot for the niggas that ain't survive the storm Lick a shot for all my niggas on the run And lick a shot for all my real niggas that got bodies on they gun Lick a shot for my niggas cause I know they'll do the same For my niggas that run through the flames and walk through the rain Lick a shot for all the niggas growing up in the slums Blowing they spliffs with they razor blades under they tongue Lick a shot for all my niggas that be banging they hammers Sticking up stores, taking the tape out the video cameras Lick a shot at all yall haters whether smaller or bigger Lick a shot cause Hood ain't never been scared to pull a trigger Lick a shot for all my niggas that be pumping they crills When the beef start cooking they be bustin they steel Lick a shot cause I ain't scared to And lick a shot cause I'm prepared to Crack a buckle with the matching hair due (Chorus) (Sheek) I lick shots for my niggas in jail 23 hours in the hole, on life parole My jackmack niggas, octopus wildin Closest food they ever gettin to is city island I lick shots for cos that hit niggas off for weed and don't care if you bleed Just mind they business and go the other way For the right price they could get you the yay I lick shots for my thug ass niggas that'll put something in you From they car and hit your face through the diner menu Your body get numb, you swallow your tongue Cough up blood, thats the work I do, what I lick shots for my niggas thats not on tour And gotta hustle to eat its the motherfuckin way of the streets Pay attention (Chorus) (Jadakiss) Lick shots for the little babies in the projects Running around unsupervised with sharp objects Lick shots for papi that give you the yay half price And niggas that ain't ever been heard but they mad nice Nobody tell when I squeeze at your men Lick shots when your diesels at ten, I'ma see you again Lick shots cause my record is clean Middle of the street, broad day lettin it scream If I'm lucky they'll squirt through your back And after that I'll make sure I lick shots for the purple and yack Lick shots just to guard your grill To my nigga T and Green and my uncle and Arthur Kill Lick shots for the S-L 6 Cherry red with them chrome things on it with the x-l lips Lick shots for the niggas who got shot and ain't here They say life goes on but it ain't fair (Chorus x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Eve, Sheek   Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: And I Came To... Typed by: Kuhvhaceeyae@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Turn it up (turn it up) Swizz Beats the monster (Fix ya face, Ruff Ryders) LET'S DO IT (D-Block) E-V-E, Styles P. and Sheek (Wassup, wassup) LET'S DO IT [Verse 1] (Sheek) Walk wit ya nigga, hawk wit ya nigga I came to shut it down Ski mask and four pound Baby grenades, we deep like baby parades D-Block I'm gon sharpen ya blades Let's get it on Videos with bullets flying through Korn Blaow! Footage turn ya camcords on It's the underground nigga with bricks, nigga with dough A nigga fucking all y'all chicks, you know I'm a gangster and a gentleman too, P I'll lay a nigga down and send his moms a bouquet for free I could start a pet store with these birds  I'm the rap Donald Goines with words Still rob y'all herbs (And I came to) Hit the club on my dick, light up a blunt Thug a bitch out, I got the mud in the front I got the flight jacket, came with wings When I chase you to the roof  Clappin' at ya ass with one of them things (Chorus: Eve & Styles) I gots to live by my pride 'Cause I came to Ruff Ryde or die And I gots to shut down ya name 'Cause I came to shut down the game (Sheek) And I gots to hold down this heat 'Cause I came to hold down ya streets And I gots to make sure I drop yo ass 'Cause I came to D-Block all ya cash [Verse 2] (Eve) Yo, I was determined to sell And not because I'm just a bunny with a fluffy tail Had to prove that I could live hard and spit hard Just a bonus that I'm cute and get ya dick hard See, I ain't never lettin' mine go I'ma be here forever with my dogs as the time go And I know we makin' niggas sick We in they face everyday every way and they can't handle it Streets choosin' Double R realest niggas out no confusion Cats don't want it over here--have you heard S.P. ain't for games little boy lesson learned I suggest you stay far from my nigga's face Hop back go hard all day in a nigga's face You see, you cowards ain't a threat to us really Just figured that we let you know that testin' us is silly Good luck, y'all---Naw forreal, fuck y'all (Chorus: Eve & Styles) I gots to live by my pride 'Cause I came to Ruff Ryde or die And I gots to shut down ya name 'Cause I came to shut down the game (Sheek) And I gots to hold down this heat 'Cause I came to hold down ya streets And I gots to make sure I drop yo ass 'Cause I came to D-Block all ya cash [Verse 3] (Styles) I live by my pride, I could never be broke I'ma Ruff Ryde or die catch me bein' with dope Smokin' weed in the hoopty with the three in the coat 'Cause my ace boon-koon got a connect Told me send a hundred bundles to the day room soon If the shit go right, he know that it will We'll be cash, he'll be movin' straight weight through June But back to this rap shit who thug it the most It'll take the whole coast just to fuck wth the ghost He done shut down the game, shit on ya name If you ain't hold down the street or bust off ya heat Then me and you is different, we ain't get it the same And I represent niggas who live it, keep askin' for it And I represent niggas who give it This a D-Block Ruff Ryder, Holiday Styles Cock sucker and I don't give a fuck about you (Chorus: Eve & Styles) I gots to live by my pride 'Cause I came to Ruff Ryde or die And I gots to shut down ya name 'Cause I came to shut down the game (Sheek) And I gots to hold down this heat 'Cause I came to hold down ya streets And I gots to make sure I drop yo ass 'Cause I came to D-Block all ya cash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Get Paid Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Can Holiday get some of this motherfucking paper around here please? Shit, I'm fucked up I aint the lyin type [Brodhead Kids] Can I get paid I'm just tryin to make some cash I'm just tryin to make some cash [Verse 1] I told you I ball for dope I'm in a Caucasian Jag wit a bag knockin hauler notes Spendin 200 G's in the fall for coats You could call me alotta things but don't call me broke and I told you I bust my steel I stay cuffed in the bullpen like P you bout to fuck up your deal but I told you I make my bail I'm at home in the alcohol bath tryin to shake the jail and I'm pickin up my automatics, automatically I got a bad habit, makin people mad at me Dog, I'm just tryin to get paid Cop some jewels too, act like a fool too, run and get laid Ten million for the crib put the gun on the maid Weed on the chefs, so I can get high with the meal Got to get my head right 'fore I fly to Brazil Make my sheets outta hundreds so I can lie in a mil, what up [HOOK: The Brodhead Kids] Can I get paid I'm just tryin to make some cash I'm just tryin to make some cash Can I get paid I'm just tryin to make some cash I'm just tryin to make some cash [Verse 2] Dog, you'd be pleased to kick it I'ma call up my NBA niggas get some season tickets Catch me in the skybox in any arena I won't be happy til I cop my niggas 50 medinas But I'm tryin to be realistic, and I get really twisted So I'm settlin for seventy beamers Somebody call Bill Gates, tell him meet with the streets One on one so I can get some real cake Tryin to see my shit in the Forbes, Trump tower for 'self so you know I'm still pitchin the boy and the niggas need lottery numbers Charge this ?? freak DeCalis and Hummers Blow smoke in the sky till the Air Force come Cop 50,000 pair of Air Force Ones and if I can't live it up, then I'm runnin up in the record label tellin everybody give it up, what up [HOOK] [Verse 3] I kill lemonade peeps It's Holiday with the fruit punch Ferarri and the lemonade seats Face look really aggy, jeans really baggy Fitted hat, white T and some Bruno Maglies Doublin and flippin You understand I need a house so big I need a shuttle to the kitchen That's why I keep the 45 government edition sofa costs a hundred, so do the love seat The big screen is crazy and I'm lovin the conditions I got a vision and it's cash involved Can I get paid, or you get sprayed It be the only damn question that I'm askin y'all, what up [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Jadakiss Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: I'm a Ruff Ryder Typed by: Nadeem006@hotmail.com [Styles talking] It's the tone, Kiss I'm lookin for the tone [Verse One: Styles] Talk to me, Holiday Styles, S-P or whatever you choose A pound of weed, four guns and a liter of booze Shootin niggas out they shoes, what Come and fuck with me, I could guarantee you'll be makin the news P flows like NO NIGGA, twenty-six but I'm a old nigga Don't make me fuck around and show niggas How to leave a room flat, twenty niggas dead No money, no jewels, bullets in they head Ain't a nigga you know could fuck with the god I said rap was just a hobby, gun bust in the job But the sickest niggas out is the bitchest niggas out And I could take 'em on the street and straight whip 'em in they house Come through in the prettiest Porsche, the grittiest boss State gotta talk till the city get hoarse I'm the icin on the cake, gangsta of the state Guns, money and weight, who you fuckin wit dawg? [Chorus: Jadakiss] Uh, I'm a Ruff Ryder Weed smokin, gun totin' heroin supplier I'm a Ruff Ryder On the low dawg, no phone calls, got my shit wired I'm a Ruff Ryder Bust for my niggas, shh, hush for my niggas, all of us survivors I'm a Ruff Ryder You got a gun on you, I got a gun on me, both of us could fire [Verse Two: Styles] Just deal with the tension and stress Understand I'm from the School of Hard Knock and my suspension is death I keep the P-89 twenty shot in the coat Better squeeze soon as you see me, you plottin to loat I'm a little more than itchy Motherfucker, when it's time to splatter your mask I burst your kidneys So go head and get your sons on me Like I give a fuck, like I'm givin up I got four guns on me Get down and dirty, all time aloney I leave your brains on your block all around your homies Live by the code of honor, stay holdin armor I treat beef like a album I promote the drama Stay bustin a hammer, sweatin a smile And I make sure these motherfuckers'll regret while I'm wildin I'm the hustler on the block With money on his mind and some bricks in his hand, P can't be stopped, what [Verse Three: Styles] You're dealin with the ghost of the past You could sleep if you want, and get fucked with this toast in your ass I'm a gangsta and a gentleman, I hope you the best And tell you play the front seat and then choke you to death Throw the gun to the chair try to open your chest Get blood on the driver face, window and dash Burn the car with the body in it, bring you the ash I get down on yo head like I'm Sigel the cold That nigga sniffed up yo coke I could bring you his nose If he stole money from you P could bring you his hands The nigga talk too much I bring the ears of his mans Need weed to calm down, need money to live life Fuck a watch cause my time is tickin Fuck a chain I'm already hangin Fuck a gang I'm already bangin Robbin niggas is my only form of steady payment Play it sweet I might be in your house L-O-X black mob Holiday and I'm out What...bitch? [Chorus - Jadakiss] Uh, I'm a Ruff Ryder Weed smokin, gun totin' heroin supplier I'm a Ruff Ryder On the low dawg, no phone calls, got my shit wired I'm a Ruff Ryder Bust for my niggas, shh, hush for my niggas, all of us survivors I'm a Ruff Ryder You got a gun on you, I got a gun on me, both of us could fire I'm a Ruff Ryder Weed smokin, gun totin' heroin supplier I'm a Ruff Ryder On the low dawg, no phone calls, got my shit wired I'm a Ruff Ryder Bust for my niggas, shh, hush for my niggas, all of us survivors I'm a Ruff Ryder You got a gun on you, I got a gun on me, both of us could fire I'm a Ruff Ryder, uhh, faggots The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Soul Clap Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I'ma drink til I drop on my ass, this is Holiday I'ma go and celebrate and hop on the ass That's one more chance, Dick Frank White aint dead Think you the shit, leave me your chick, the light aint red matter fact just wanna leave cuz the fights is on I'ma still be here when the lights is on Got a fat ass in front of me, Dutch in my mouth wit a Corona in my left hand you try to front I'll coma your best man I keep a trick on my sleeve, more like a two fifth on my sleeve then I switch it to the trey-duce in my back pocket, so me and love can stay loose It's like thugs aint partyin, I smoke 20 dimes I seen 20 dimes I love they body and P tryin to score for the night and to tell you the truth, my shit blown if we war for the night [HOOK] - 2X We gon' drink til we drunk, dance til we drop and aint nobody leavin til the music stop Can I get a Soul Clap [gun clicks] Can I get a Soul Clap [gun clicks] [Verse 2] Ayo shit is still gravy though I keep a open case, the block hot I need a song for the radio P at the club, niggas scared to let they lady go Foot Locker 4 for 20's Coulda had her some jeans, Nike Airs, I keep all my money Still slide out the club wit a gorgeous honey I don't care if it's a hole in the wall, I feel comfortable Violate P, that's a hole in your jaw All I want is cranberry and Courvoisier I'm trying to talk to a dime Motherfucker, but I still take my time cocksucker, to rob y'all niggas for y'all Cardiers I got a flow that you hardly hear and a gun wit a silencer, why cuz they hardly hear I got honies flockin around, smoke in the air wit a cool ass bomb like Bob Marley there [HOOK] - 2X [Verse 3] I'm the gentleman to hold the door I'm the gangsta that's lettin off the three while loadin the four rather get a Soul Clap than clap your soul honey askin how many blunts I have to roll I'ma smoke til I'm high, drink til I'm drunk I'm on my tour, shit and I aint get a wink in a month My favorite color is green but I'm stacked for the moment so I'ma pick pink for the month If you could take a hint, then after this party if you want, hop in the Viper limo with the tints Got the fifty Cal, so hold that Tell 'em roll back I show niggas the real meaning of Soul Clap [HOOK] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Jadakiss, Sheek Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: We Thugs (My Niggas) Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Styles] All for one, one for all [Jadakiss] This is motherfucking beautiful Talk to 'em baby... [Styles] This for the cold D's that won't snitch [Jadakiss] For the murderers that won't miss [Styles] For the hustlers that'll front bricks [Jadakiss] For the hoodrats that want chips [Styles] For the stick-up kids creepin with they Pump's ripped [Jadakiss] For lil' shorty with his rhyme books [Styles] Black girls going to school, carrying like 9 books [Jadakiss] For the hood niggas... That go to work because parole, but they tryin to be good niggas [Styles] For all the poor mothers... Thats always goin through the struggle, still screamin at the Lord "Love us" [Jadakiss] For the ghetto life... For having to hold your medal tight lookin for a better life [Styles] For the family... For if I'm rich you rich and that shit's a guarentee [Jadakiss] For the best of life... For if I ride you ride the motherfucking rest of life [Chorus: Styles] We thugs, my niggas Ride to the death with my man cause I motherfucking love my niggas We ghetto, my niggas Any time, any place, we don't give a fuck we bust metal, my niggas We gangsta my niggas You oughta keep your mouth shut watch what you sayin cause we shank you, my niggas We D-Block niggas, we don't play games We just hit you in your frame cause we pop niggas [Jadakiss] Aiyyo, yo, I'ma shed blood for mine, that's one ritual [Styles] That's how you keep the love unconditional [Jadakiss] That's why we the only one the thugs listen to [Styles] Bitches buy records but niggas do what bitches do [Jadakiss] I know a few dudes doin life bids in jail [Styles] And they way smarter then the white kids in Yale [Jadakiss] But that how life is [Styles] And that how the gun and the knife is [Jadakiss] It's a shame but it's real when your enemies like ya [Styles] When ya come through and fishtail in Hennesey Viper [Jadakiss] Listen, it ain't the rappers it's the rats that worry me [Styles] Double R for life, D-Block til they bury me [Jadakiss]  Scared niggas shed off or stand in the back and aim they gat up in the air and... [Styles] Let off [Jadakiss] Througho niggas tear nigga head off, then let the blood keep drippin... [Styles] And just wipe the sweat off [Sheek] Fuck with P, the thug'll come out  [Styles] The slug'll come out [Sheek] You don't put in enough work, I got chu [Styles] No doubt [Sheek] They don't want Sheek to wild [Styles] Betta cover ya child [Sheek] With two guns out the sun-roof... [Styles] Stop us now [Sheek] Who that kid?  Black mask on with the latch on, the AK swing on my shoulder like a Louie bag [Styles] You get it in a hurry [Sheek] All up in your Burberry [Styles] Through your assisstant [Sheek] You'll be set fucking kerntary [Styles] All y'all do me a favor... [Sheek] Walk with me [Styles] If you want money or drugs... [Sheek] Talk with me [Styles] Know I got my niggas my guns [Sheek] Now hawk with me [Jadakiss] Guess who? Jada, P, and The Sheek [Sheek] Three bricks [Styles] Three whips [Jadakiss] Three motherfucking ouies a week [Styles] Ten spots OT [Jadakiss] Two blew off late [Sheek] My niggas cop... [Jadakiss] Pop and talk, and we applying the pressure [Sheek] So when you address us... [Styles] It's Boss... [Jadakiss] Boss... [Sheek] And Boss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Jadakiss Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Styles Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com Yeah, Holiday, Gary I don't want y'all to compare me to niggas no more Unless they got a case pending Unless they poke somethin up Unless they keepin it real gutter, y'know [Verse 1] SP I'm the closest thing to poison it is you think you hot, I'ma boil your kid you think you cool, I'ma throw you in the river wit some cement shoes you could sleep with the fishes Niggas actin funny so I gotta keep it movin I dont speak to the bitches We could handle this like gangstas Dog, I'll kidnap your little man and send you to the banker That money get dropped off, so do he Right off the booth of his mama' building Feel the drama building Told y'all niggas don't fuck wit P I said fuck rap and a verse I get down like the bishops, wit the way you clap at the hearse I get it crunk wit a blunt and a package of verc I'm in the shottie of the Cadillac wit niggas that'll take twenty a body, the shottie will handle that [HOOK: Styles and Jadakiss] Styles Paniro the most, you hearin the Ghost Styles Holiday shit, it's robbery shit Nigga talkin funny then body the kid, let's go Styles Mafia boss, rockin the corpse Styles Pullin the three, cockin the four Styles We're closin the windows and lockin the doors You could die today Or you could die tomorrow, baby boy the option is yours, c'mon [Verse 2] I smoke weed cuz the future is grim I'm knockin this ash off the dutch on the roof of your Benz my lil man been runnin since the shootin begin y'all niggas talk about cases of Crist' I talk about cases where niggas get life of the shit and your girl visit two years, mom come forever but near one of your mans aint right wit his shit but like corn I'ma flip, smokin weed influenced by the fix and old timers with the toolies by the hips So come and creep wit me and I aint lyin when I tell these motherfuckers that I got the streets in me one felony, wit two cases beat so be about your business when you come and beef wit me I got coke for sale and I got dope for sale if you wanna cop some work you oughta come and speak wit me [HOOK] [Verse 3] Y'all niggas know my name, but you don't know my style What make it all ironic is the shit is the same Keep a milli in the coat, puffin on the chronic in the hood wit my niggas that's distributin 'caine If your man get bodied, number one rule is you body somethin back then live with the pain young guns of this shit, so when I get hit I'ma yell Sheek and 'Kiss let's finish the game I got discipline and dedication I'm the boss of the S N F, that's the Shootin Niggas Federation Light a blunt and get cloudy wit me Go get your gun and get rowdy wit me It's a Holiday dog, mouth big, you could swallow the four Don't you ask me what I'm robbing you for, what cuz you was talkin big money and I'm a little broke and I'm a firm believer in equality dog, what [HOOK] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentlemen Song: Listen Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] I gotta few things I wanna ask the Lord Why my people gotta be so poor, feel me and why's it so rough when you're young and black They say you go to jail or get strung on crack Why the girl have a baby she was twelve years old Ask the state why the cell's gotta be so cold and why these niggas here with so many years whole family in court crying so many tears can you picture us living with hope [hell no] when the same ones hanging us is giving us dope shit, it's hard to get by I pray to God it's still hard to get by Just wanna hold my son [my man] but I can't leave my house until I load my gun I gotta grab my sword and when I die I got some things I wanna ask the Lord like, why we dying from AIDS and why on TV it's aight to be gay aint that sorta like my gun got the right to be waved if I could sit back and watch a whole cipher of slaves ask my man where the blacks at ask myself where the next Malcolm X at [I don't know] Is he makin Salat, or upstate like a ape in a box am I a human or a fallen angel got to pray by myself cuz I'm out of angle I aint facin the east, tell the brothers I was shakin the beast had the nine and the eight in the streets open your eyes, stay wise, cuz even Satan is deep I pray for a better living even though I think I'm better dying why, cuz I'd rather hear the angels singing why, and I don't wanna hear my people crying, feel me black [HOOK] We aint gotta die no more, I said we aint gotta die no more Black woman Listen You aint gotta cry no more, I said you aint gotta cry no more Black child Listen We gotta provide for y'all, I said we gotta provide for y'all Devil man Listen We got a surprise for y'all, I said we got a surprise for y'all Black man Listen [Verse 2] 'Bout to be on some clever shit [I got to be] I gotta think if the president is prejudice and that's another eight years down the 500 year warn, that's a eight year round I don't really mean to sweat it but the war been on before they came on your TV and settle They don't need lead to shoot ya why would a man make a computer to head the future I think about it in a weed session They said better technology, all I see is regressin blew up our buildings in fact [blow us all up] but if they live under the sun then them children is black 'fore the devil get more time I'd rather see the world cease hit the afterlife of world peace where black men don't die, the women don't cry and the little kids get provided for and play in the sky, what [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ M.O.P. Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Y'all Don't Wanna Fuck Typed by: the_return_of_obi1one@hotmail.com [Styles] My style's louder than a stereo Fouler than the snake when I kill these fuckin rappers then show up at the burials I don't mean to worry y'all, but I want y'all gone and this M-16 is the only way to hurry y'all Here's my last proposition, I'm treatin rap like crack If I don't sell the most, I gotta kill the competition Don't take it personal gotta go to jail and if I come back and don't have my cash then I'm hurtin you Got a business gun, wit industry bullets when it hit you motherfucker guaranteed it be jerkin you rings is so my contact will break up your man I'm a gentleman, my contract's a shake of a hand I make it hard so, only God could wake up your man cuz I do things the Don way it's Paniro the Ghost, Goodfella like, fucking Jim Conway leave no evidence Fuck a dead man, when I can leave off the scene wit dead presidents what, motherfucker, yeah [HOOK: Styles and M.O.P.] Don't you ever try to fuck wit M.O.P. and Styles BUCKAH-BUCKAH-BU-BUCKA-BU-BUCKA-BUCKA-BLAOW!!! This is for the hood and niggas that's wild BUCKAH-BUCKAH-BU-BUCKA-BU-BUCKA-BUCKA-BLAOW!!! If you 'bout to die or you blowin the trial BUCKAH-BUCKAH-BU-BUCKA-BU-BUCKA-BUCKA-BLAOW!!! We're gangsta ass niggas that been flowin awhile BUCKAH-BUCKAH-BU-BUCKA-BU-BUCKA-BUCKA-BLAOW!!! [Billy Danze] Ayo let's do it for the hood Where there's alotta homicides at Where killers ride at, and OG's reside at It's rugged son, I love it son I see it every day Fuck that, we'll find another way to play so don't mistake me for no rap artist missin old dude is from the old school he abide by the old rules and our pro-tools, is 38 longs The crime rate will inflate, and the murder rate is strong How could we get along and you doing this underhanded faggot shit, you faggot bitch we gotta get you gone, [chapter one] William Danze songs All disloyal guys should be shot in they back once, and left paralyzed [game over now] You gon change me how what you thought would happen when they chained me to Fame and Styles You ask in the hood about it, all it can be is L! M! O! O! X! P! motherfucker! [Fame] You keep thinkin when I flow pa, it's a wrap but when your ass get beat wit a crowbar, it's a wrap for real, we straight thug it Read my palms, you see more chapters than L. Ron Hubbard Huh, we done dealt more drugs than Genovese made dope fiends outta school principals and deans now they all fucked up, career finished got they ass noddin in front of the Methodon clinics We thug it all day, but it aint the Henny in me It's that Brownsville shit wit a splash of trinny in me All I need is a hammer, and a clip load I'll stomp, do whatever, state, borough, zip code It's the M.O.P.! mashin through your ghetto rippin heavy metal, [we ruff ryde] wit Paniro Listen up, y'all better respect the criminal shit of these OG's what's poppin nigga [HOOK] [Styles] We can beef I don't give a fuck Cuz if you kill me, I got niggas that'll bend up your son It's the world's most gutterest Paniro the Ghost, they thought of me when they invented the gun To tell the truth I prefer the knife cuz he physical nigga I go in your chest I show you how to murder right It's deep, I'ma kill your mother and I don't care if I die Cuz all that mean is that I gonna join my little brother dog, I had a hard life and I'm in love with the pain Thug in the game wit heroin and hard white Back to the guns the way I squeeze off threes off leave a hole in your stomach, take a nigga knees off Face gets splattered around, too many cops for the glock fuck it dog, then I'm battin you down don't you ask me what's happenin now This aint a rerun, niggas see P gun, I'm clappin you clowns, what YOU DON'T WANNA TOUCH THIS It's Paniro the Ghost, Goodfella like fucking Jim Conway YOU DON'T WANNA TOUCH THIS It's Lil Fizzy wit that Brownsville shit and splash of trinny in me YOU DON'T WANNA TOUCH THIS Bill, 38 long, the crime rate will inflate and the murder rate is strong YOU DON'T WANNA TOUCH THIS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Cross, J-Hood, Sheek Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: Nobody Believes Me Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Ahh... today's narrator, the Ghost, ha ha ha ha ha... This is a true story ladies and gentlemen You might not believe it though But fuck it, thats why I'm the ghost (Styles) I'm about to open up Listen, one day I fell asleep and my knife woke me up He said (Cross) Your gun is in the closet flippin Talkin bout I get the most action he about to soak me up (Styles) So I went to the closet said "Hammer what's wrong with you?" (Sheek) You ain't busting me off, it's like I don't belong to you (Styles) I said I just beat a case daddy And I'm trying to take it easy cause I gotta move this weight daddy Then the hammer said (Sheek) Man listen, used the knife twice in a row Tell me if the plan switchin Cause we used to get around together We used to put niggas down together, tell me if it's now or never (Styles) I said hammer take it easy baby Cause I got niggas to kill and I would never do you greasy baby And all you gotta do is chill a while And then the hammer said "cool" cuz you know that I feel you Styles (Chorus: Styles) I got a story to tell, my knife talk to me But nobody believe that my knife talk to me I got a story to tell, my hammer talk to me But nobody believe that my hammer talk to me I got a story to tell, my haze talk to me But nobody believe that my haze talk to me I got a story to tell, my money talk to me But nobody believe that my money talk to me (Styles) My knife said to me (Cross) I hawk niggas down, bust arteries (Styles) And he get bright red for me Knife you my nigga but leave me alone I got to talk to my man Haze to get in the zone I said "Haze what the hell is up?" He said (J-Hood) You know how we do, you know that we crew So where's the vanilla dutch (Styles) Rolling something up,  Thinking about killing every rapper in the game And holding something up My haze said to me (J-Hood) You need to calm down when the rage come to you 'Fore a grave or a cage or a gauge come to you But you don't give a fuck  So just open up your book and let your page come to you (Styles) Even though I'm humble and noble I don't give a fuck You ain't tryin to hear me I'ma shoot through your mobile It's funny, I'll stalk you Hold up my niggas, it aint a convo 'less your money start talking (Chorus) (Styles) My money spoke to me It said shit that if it wasn't for his ass there wouldn't be no hope for me Money ain't everything, and then he laughed at me And said the hammer oughta blast at me He said I got you out of jail, paid for the lawyer and bail Take a look at the cars and the crib I keep the clothes on your back, food in your mouth Even paid for the birds when you moved niggas south Shit, I'm the reason why the block jumping Let a nigga try to stop something, D-Block'll pop something And I'm the reason why you ride or die Keep a lot of me by your side, shoot niggas in the eye I said money you the root of evil How they print "In God We Trust" knowing what you do to people But I'm a hard felon So I grabbed two stacks, dirty and bloody cause I heard my car yelling (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: A Gangster and a Gentlemen Song: My Brother Typed by: mic_magik@yahoo.com (Answering machine): I'm not the only one living here, please be considerate and leave a nice message after the tone. One! (Styles): I just wanted to speak to him.... I got too much words... I got a lot of words... let's see.. yo, yo [Verse 1] Life is a circle of pain The darkest clouds, end up like the purplest rain They say patience is a virtue to gain Fuck it, I guess I died when my brother died Cause to tell you the truth, I feel like I'm the curse in the game My vision is blurred, dreams is shattered, my heart is broke Pain so deep I find it hard to cope Missin your smile and missing your style I figured I'm the next one dead so we could kick it a while Cause your name lives on, the sun still shine Every time your baby mom lift up your child I guess I gotta switch my angle now Take a positive look, hit a blunt my little brothers with the angels now Some of us fall and some of us fly But at the end of the book baby all of us die Word, my nigga There's my brother I could smile, cause I know he right next to Allah Right next to the prophets and the soldiers that died And all the angels in the heaven that be holdin the sky There's my brother I could cry, for the fact I can't hug him no more But my tears go to heaven and I know the nigga feel me And the good thing is he aint got to worry no more I said there's my brother, wit Allah Best place he could be [Verse 2] If I could get my miracle on Listen to me, I would bring my brother back in the physical form Cause the spirit still here, but the visual gone And sometimes I gotta think if I'ma live to the morn I guess it's no more schooling you I know it's something in our blood, because us niggas in the street as usual Left with a robbery charge, pack and a stash Crushed a lot of niggas that it happened to gav But I'ma just light a blunt, look in the clouds And I'ma ask my little nigga what's happening hav You died on mothers day, mom it's a gift I know god took my brother cause his honor and strength And we all gonna die Allah tally us up While you there say what's up to lil malla and duck And I know yall niggas restin in peace You might be gone, but your soul is still here and is blessin the streets There's my brother (My niggas) I could smile, cause I know he right next to Allah Right next to the prophet and the soldiers that died And all the angels in the heaven that be holdin the sky There's my brother (My brother) I could cry, for the fact I can't hug him no more But my tears go to heaven and I know the nigga feel me And the good thing is he aint got to worry no more I said there's my brother, wit Allah Best place he could be [Verse 3] I could see you when I'm all alone (I see you) So I guess I'm not all alone, I know my little nigga callin home The good die young, so they could get to heaven early And watch over the rest of the slums (watch over us please) Move the clouds so we could see the rest of the sun You might've died, but you in heaven that's a blessing in one Nigga Robert to the death, Gary died wit a close friend You and Allen together, smiling together It's like now I could hear the world I understand that, I'm in the physical you're in the spirit world I see you when I get home They can't separate brothers, so I'll still see you when the spliff blowin You died, I died (you still here) But I'm alive, you alive, so we gotta keep the shit going Now I got a new ghost And a baby brother angel I could feel, everytime the wind blows There's my brother (My niggas) I could smile, cause I know he right next to Allah Right next to the prophet and the soldiers that died And all the angels in the heaven that be holdin the sky There's my brother (My brother) I could cry, for the fact I can't hug him no more But my tears go to heaven and I know the nigga feel me And the good thing is he aint got to worry no more I said there's my brother This is where all the people we lost Right here, they aint goin no where It's all love This is just the first right daddy The next one is the next one Do the best you could, hold your head You know; you lost somebody, you gain a angel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: A Gangster and a Gentleman Song: The Life (Bonus Track) Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Styles talking] My life.. Pharoahe Monch.. Ayatollah.. Holiday Styles.. Double R.. Rawkus Records.. Pharoahe talk to 'em.. let 'em try to understand.. Let 'em try.. let 'em try now... [Chorus: Pharoahe] My life is all I have My rhymes, my pen, my pad And I done made it through the struggle, don't judge me What you say now, won't budge me Cuz where I come from, so often People you grew up with, layin in a coffin But I done made it through the pain in spite It's my time now, my world, my life My life... [Styles] Is based on, lightin blunts, loadin guns tellin my lawyers to get the case gone (uh-huh) I need the bills that the presidents got they face on so I can switch my residence - get a truck and a Lex Fuck a check, I no longer have to wait for 'em I made a couple ends, lost a couple friends I light a blunt cuz never will the struggle end So you can judge a nigga, but you ain't got it, you ain't in the role so you really can't budge a nigga - you oughta love a nigga For the fact that it's my world and my life but still I'm a rugged nigga They say you buggin nigga, fuck it, I'm a thuggin nigga You talkin bullshit then kick it with another nigga I got a bigger bed and I need a cover nigga And I ain't got friends - I got enemies So if they with me, then that means they my brother niggaz [Chorus: Pharoahe] [Styles] Is a blunt to the head, a prayer for the dead Run around hustlin, scared of the feds They said death is eternal sleep but the only thing is you ain't really sure if you prepared for the bed So often we get merked in the head, instead of big money They got big momma hurtin instead My life is makin the verse - but the handcuffs the bullpens, the jail cells is makin it worse Tell mom I don't go to the church - tell Oc' I dont' go to mas I blow blunts, hold guns, and I'ma be right there when the soldiers'll march I play the part, and my heart seem colder than March But on the flipside of things, it's still warmer than June I have talks with the Lord and he'll be callin me soon, what And my life is all I have - my family, my niggaz, my flow, my grabs what [Chorus: Pharoahe] - 2X My life... My life... My life... My life... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: For You Typed by: NSane2003@aol.com This song is for you, not for anyone else but you It's your own special song, I wrote it for you Just for you, only for you [Sheek Louch] I see y'all niggaz wanna ride my dick, whatever Don't put your hands up on me, Sheek'll come out the leather Put the hammer to your hatin mouth, nail it shut Get off my dick and get you some butt, try and nut Cause this nut is macadamian, keep the mack and I'm Damian This game you don't wanna play me in Niggaz need somethin to do, you ain't gon ride or clap nothin Might as well hate from the side, not that ain't good Bitch I'll push your motherfuckin cap back like you popped open the hood Flesh burner like somebodykeep puttin in wood Don't add nothin, don't count nothin unless it's yours Let me see, he done been on atleast three tours Bad cars, he atleast get thirty for bars See that's the problem motherfuckers don't know But they think that they know what you do and what you don't Where you live, what it cost, what you gettin for a show Who your girl, where she from, what you buyin for that ho So at that I tell you mind your biz Punch out, take the bus home and mind your kids Before ya kids be pumpin my work, bitch doin the jerk Get down and throw sperm on her shirt Can't be him, he ain't supposed to shine like that Back with BadBoy that nigga ain't rhyme like that Damn he hot, you sure? That if you think I'm jiggy nigga Key to life, Puff, used to be with Biggie nigga Yeah, S-H-E-E-K L-O-U-C-H B-E sick in the H-E-A-D I worry when y'all stop hatin, it's a problem, waitin When I'm back to drinkin old beers like Walter Patin Easy wider, mouth web like a fuckin spider Haha, y'all niggaz sweeter than apple cider I pull a all nighter, pumpin the fifth Weed and a spliff, nigga it's the curse and the gift The fuck, yo engineer do me a favor Come in here for a minute, please (Hey Sheek is everything ok in there?) Nigga, who told you to stop the beat? Get ya ass in there and turn another beat on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: OK Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro: Sheek Louch Ok (Cocoa Channelle: Ok) Ok ok ok Y.O. where you at? (Oh!) Bronx where you at? (Oh!) Harlem where you at? (Oh!) Brooklyn where you at? (Cocoa Channelle:Queens!) Verse 1: Sheek Louch Now what you know about me I got this rap shit down to a tee Grams to a half, half to a key If these alone 'gon cause me a G My flow too deadly baby No fakin hold the hammer steadily baby No shakin you still wanted to pop off Until I come through slow with the top off You ain't real you just a knock off Y'all ain't sick that's just a light light cough Sheek heavy in the hood Rims spin heavy in the hood dash heavy with wood Niggaz try get me if they could But they know the handle is wood and my aim is good Sheek keeps it real, from the streets to the motherfuckin yards at jail (Let's go) Chorus: Sheek Louch I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama And, I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama, and Verse 2: Sheek Louch Nah, I ain't thuggin I'm here to party And I, I don't party I'm here to thug I don't know taste this drink I think it's drugged Then ummm, he keep talkin he will get plugged Listen, tell shorty I got the hot tub If she try and wash a little sweat off from the club And, tell her friends they could come if they want Cause my niggaz got a line full of whips in the front And, I know you playmate of the month And you model for Vicky C (Say what?!) But ain't no runway here and you ain't there So you might as well let us skeet, bitch, ha ha! Bridge: Sheek Louch Ok, ok ok ok (Let me see who else in hear, let's go) New York where you at? (Oh!) Cali where you at? (Oh!) Miami where you at? (Oh!) Atlanta where you at?(Oh!) Chorus: Sheek Louch I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama And, I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama, and Verse 3: Sheek Louch It ain't nothin but a word to come out the trunk on these cats With this that and a third But Sheek tryin to chill Get up on somethin go over there and ice your grill Damn! All these chicks in here, all this ass for free And you wanna stare at me?! I don't know what you thinkin or what you drinkin But you better go and get some ass before Chorus: Sheek Louch I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama, and And, I don't know what you thinkin but a party ain't a party unless you drinkin And, I don't know what's all the drama But he keep on frontin better call his mama, and Outro: Sheek Louch Yeah! Cocoa Channelle whattup ma! This it right here! ha ha! we got 'em! D-Block! Out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Turn it Up Typed by: NSane2003@aol.com Whoo, yeah, turn it up Alchemist, you know what to do Bump that, turn it up, whoo Crazy daddy [Sheek Louch] A'yo, y'all niggaz can't fuck with me, my flow's nuclear Fuck for the month I want the verse of the year I straighten shit out, you could put me in ya hair Perm-like bars, burn like scars, cooked up flow in a Pyrex jar Naw, I ain't the new millennium raw, Kool G. or K.R. I'm just doin me, Sheek Louch a motherfuckin hot MC Don't get it twis', don't get add to my fuck you list, unless you a bitch Cause I ain't got time, I'm not near rich We could let it drop or we could let it pop Make your decision 'fore I make my incision Head on collision, head-body division Spirit fly away like a motherfuckin pigeon Take that to your grave, y'all niggaz behave Yeah, D-Block is knockin, turn it up We got it poppin, turn it up We comin for y'all, turn it up Niggaz they droppin, turn it up We got the streets locked, turn it up If it's beef let your heat cock, turn it up Welcome to D-Block, turn it up Cause we don't fuck around [Sheek Louch] What, that nigga Sheek is the truth You would think he had a stripper inside how he go hard in the booth Lazer on the roof, squeeze off then poof Presto magic, like where did his chest go? Think not homie, got a ziploc on me Of that sticky icky in the pocket of my dickie Just drunk a half of sixty, kinda bended Hat low, knockin, bout to fuck up the rented I'm a general, I stepped up from a liutenant This is D-Block, join us, don't get offended Cause I ain't lettin up and you ain't lettin off Plus I already know that most of y'all is soft The hood love me, put it in the air for me And boy cop mixtapes if they don't hear from me Got cake but occasionally you catch me bummy I'm too smart on the streets you fuckin dummy [Sheek Louch] A'yo, real niggaz relate to me Jealous niggaz can't wait to send the shell of a tray-eight through me Don't miss cause it's uh-oh like Lumi Sun out, Sheek make the sky get gloomy I bail it all to you, I give you my life I write it in ink or blood, nigga pass my knife I'm takin it there, even if they give me the chair I'm blacked out in the gear, Huey new in the wear My fist stuck screamin black power I ain't gon lie, that shit could wash off in the shower Cause I don't care what color you are Nigga clap at the kid, the kid tryna levitate your car I'm not a star I'm a nigga that'll issue the star I'm that nigga wit his hammer on him, at the bar Sheek a straight up crook who got you shook A'yo Alchemist, bring in the hook Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: How Many Guns Typed by: crazzy_man@mindless.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Yeah! I know how to do this, daddy I done made more trips south than Luda's caddy I done been on the block, bust off the glock and dealt with more beef than a fucking patty Sheek ain't fuckin' wit' y'all, want nothing with y'all you ain't gon' rat on me, before that a whole clip will be left of ease body left somewhere in a dumpster laid on pee (can't you see?) I'm a mothafuckin thug, you would think I'm on every drug But I aint, just 'gnac and an occasional (?), nigga My crate out in the front wit a deuce deuce a Newport and half of my weight out When they dry they bring the other half of the plate out I'm so sick wit it, spit liq' wit it I got tommy guns like the ol' gangsta flicks did it, yeah! [Hook] Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? Lettin off, nigga, all my guns stay on ease How many guns? Just a few, we can do it in broad day to see the kind of work I do Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? Lettin off, nigga, all my guns stay on ease How many guns? Just a few,I'm quick on the trigga, I'm Sheek Louch the Guerilla, nigga [Verse 2] Woo! There's so much tension Sheek let it off in broad day and I ain't squinchin' Gat to my face and I ain't flinchin' Somebody stayin' there like detention And you ain't gotta like me, homie But just stay in yo lane and keep it to yoself That way everything you think can stay in yo brain Nose in the 'caine, but that's yo biz If it's my work to be sniffin up, then next week it's gon' be six niggaz pickin up yo bitch-ass body No chest under your suit, that ain't cute Loud-mouth niggaz ain't the mute (yeah) I'm the reason for locks on the door I'm the reason why Coast Guards is on the shore Open up, made Poppi have to lower his (?) Mom and Pop put a number spotter in the back of the store, (Cmon!) [Hook] [Verse 3] I throw spinners on the 18-wheeler And pull up with a bunch of naked bitches in the D-Block trailer Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? Sheek be on some shit like flies in a bee My wrist so rocky I'm on and off roads Money dirty so I need to do a laundry load I don't blow up I make the whole town explode Yo boy Sheek name heavy in every zip code Sheek gets off the clutch Doin Donuts in the street, I make smoke screens without a Dutch They gon' need a gas mask for you Baby boy, I go hard I break bones like Jackass dudes How many guns? Just a few, but you never know what you gon' get till the shell come through Blood, sweat, and tears 'Gnac and some beers You ain't heard no shit like this in years [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Styles P Album: Walk Witt Me Song: In/Out (S.P.) Typed by: NSane2003@aol.com Yo you gotta hear the sixteen I just laid B.G. Oh word, that shit a hit, that shit sound crazy Yo check the phone man, the phone was ringin before Yo this the Ghost right here my nigga Damn I missed my nigga call, check my messages Yeah this P To erase this message press seven, to save it press nine Styles: Pick up ya goddamn phone man, I keep tryin to call you Jesus Christ boy, one Yeah, D-Block Styles P you wit me dog? Hell yeah, let's get 'em, let's go [Sheek Louch] You get smacked with the hammer nigga play your position Or rigamortis set in and you stay in in position [Styles P] Nigga I'll hawk your ass, wanna fit in my shoes And you cowards can't walk my path [SL] I don't know nobody fuckin wit us I ain't Jerome Bettis but if I hit you it's gon feel like "The Bus" [SP] And you couldn't live this life and play this role And like, never part with your gun and stay this cold [SL] Yo we in the streets where it's nothin but love I'm them leather shits, you the Michael Jackson glove [SP] I'm in the hood cause I'm dedicated If I was you I woulda never made it I'm Holiday so I'm celebrated [SL] We don't reminisce bitch ass, remember that Styles verse is the only thing I'm bringin back [SP] Tell the ghetto show discipline I said Sheek gun Puerto Rican, bullets stay whistlin [Chorus x2] Sheek and SP in and out, hard for the streets Turn the bass up and try not to fuck up your seats Rock that shit, every corner, knock that shit Niggaz try to front on us, cock that shit [SL] I guess I'm gettin older Cause everybody that I thought was hot go inside the garbage folder [SP] And nigga I'm from D-Block, I'm on 3-5-4 I keep my heat cocked, and my blunt lit [SL] The mack out, take a piece of your back out Raise it to your cheek nigga, dare you to speak [SP] Shit I got plenty guns And thugs that'll give a nigga a hug and say they stab anyone [SL] You ain't never seen a nigga jaw hangin from his face Sausage shaped red shit hangin from his waist [SP] Nigga I'm well connected By the time you hear this I'll be in jail  But I probly got two cells connected [SL] Yak in one hand, the other the lizm And If I push you down and wet you it's not baptism [SP] Bitch this is mafia It won't stop til they put you in the dirt With the flowers on top of ya [SL] Sheek goin broke is not in the plans I could sell gloves to a nigga with no hands [SP] A lot of niggaz screamin they wolf, but I'm feelin they sheep I won't be happy til the niggaz is sleep [SL] I'll punch a niggaz nose in, duckin and bustin Cuttin and cussin, hold that you bitch ass nigga [SP] And I could make the best die Cut your throat open, pull your tongue through it That's a fuckin neck tie [SL] We turn bitch niggaz skin maroon Pump turn niggaz voices like they hit a helium balloon [SP] If Christ is comin it oughta be now, I swear to God Cause all yall faggot niggaz die according to Styles [SL] What nigga you could get it for free Put your money up, ain't nobody fuckin wit Louch and P [SP] Yeah nigga that's what's up D-Block til the death motherfucker so our gats is up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: I Ain't Forget Typed by: nadeem006@hotmail.com [Intro (talking)] Whoo! Haha, yeah! Uh, this is how I put it down on the M-I Can I, talk to y'all niggaz for a second Feel me, ya know I mean? I want y'all niggaz to get y'all Coronas, yeah Get y'all muh'fuckin dutches, light y'all muh'fuckin haze up Grab y'all yak ya know I'm sayin Get some Courvoisier and all that, some cranberry Matter fact take that shit straight cause I need niggaz to feel me on this Ya know what I mean? Listen, listen [Verse One] Yo, I don't think you understand what I mean When I aks you to Walk Witt Me, I got the hawk wit me No talk wit me, in the yard wit my dickies (whoo!) Young but I remind you of somebody in the sixties I knew it was on when our God was shown But I was caught up in the mix of some glittery shit A.T. him and Mase makin' mils wit it (damn!), I ain't mad But that shit wasn't me (nah), had to get up off that Jewelry and Cristal, couldn't talk that They my niggaz though, I ain't mad, I ain't hatin' To this day him and Busta got the best show (word up) Ya know I'm sayin' yo fuck yo yo yo, yo feel me though Back wit my niggaz, Double R Before X blew it up, before Eve was a star We are the streets, they couldn't wait for it Interscope couldn't wait to get a plate for it Grammy night, couldn't wait to get a date for it Not, we sold over gold Finally reached platinum status and near that is Still in the hood, still tryin' to learn the biz Jadakiss dropped a solo they lovin' his voice I'm lovin' his shit but the hood thought it was moist Styles P dropped Gangsta and a Gentleman Hard, no need to speak but the promotion was weak Sheek never had solo plans Till I dropped a freestyle in the studio with some a my mans Lobson tweaked that, Mario leaked that Your shit hot you could bring the muhfuckin streets back Nah, I dunno I'm just tryin' get a label Sit behind the desk you know, watch a lil' cable Put my lil' man out, throw a few grand out Get into some pop music, put a rock band out Got wit my nigga K, Kool and Whop Green Lantern had my shit on the block (Hold me down) Killed it in Flex now these labels tryin' to jump on our cock If we could get Sheek album we'll sign D-Block P and Kiss was like fuck that we gettin' you off We up in there, the rest of these labels is soft Mario had a meetin' or two Brought us to the U-N-I-V-E-R-S-A-L, what up Sue? Y'all aks for it now I hit you in the head I will sleep in my bed you don't woke the dead Feel me you keep truttin' I'm a hit you wit the lead And leave your whole shit flatter than the first broke head Thanks to y'all niggaz it couldn't be Without Envy, Whoo Kid, Kool Kid and Ron G My nigga Enuff, S&S, Capone Chubby Chub, Sight for Sound and it's on [Outro (talking)] Wordup this street shit right here mayn Ya know I mean? I love y'all niggaz dawg Y'all made a lot of shit possible I gave y'all the heat, y'all distributed the shit Y'all bumped that shit, y'all had faith in this shit That's why I love y'all shit Whatever y'all need I got y'all niggaz dawg D-Block. That's street promotion right there man Na mean? Real respect real, hood respect hood Gangsta respect gangsta, gangsta got no love for pussy Yeah, Vinnie Idol, ha ha, Vinnie This shit is knockin daddy, yo da next one It's on. Yeah, D-Block! I love y'all niggaz. One Whoo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Walk Witt Me Typed by: projectvtec@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I don't know Maybe we can make a change, maybe not I'm tired of crying, I'm tired of living I'm tired of niggaz, I'm tired of women Just wanna be myself Keep the fame, keep the wealth, give me my health Take me to a place where they a'int hating no more Where I don't gotta raise the hammer and clap the four Where I don't gotta kick your door and ask for more Where I don't gotta dig your floor and ask for more, whoa Where I don't gotta serve no heads, cook no coke And there's no such thing as feds And there's no such thing as AIDS And little kids live the age to walk the stage No little babies crying, mama a'int dying Papa live at home, he got a steady job Everybody fall, he don't gotta rob [CHORUS] Walk with me talk with me Some times I just sit and think You know it's hard to express it y'all That's why I put it all in ink Where we ain't black or white Matter fact we are, but we don't have to fight, or kill Maybe Malcom would have been alive still Maybe Martin would have been able to chill Maybe a black face on a dollar bill I keep hope alive, that I stay alive I think it's coming, I try not to drink and drive A place where the death penalty is gone No abortions, life only lives on Nobody getting shot for their chains And no hard labor jobs, we all using our brains And you don't have to strip through school Cover your body mama, everything is cool Let you daughter know here moms is smart And that's your heart, before you tear her apart I think I'm asking for too much man [CHORUS] No murders on the 5 o'clock news No bodies over Jordan tennis shoes Nobody laying on me, waiting to blast I feel the spirits of my niggaz that past It's like they right here, I just can't see them Sometimes I'm jealous of them, damn I wanna be them Everybody fake, when will this ever end If you don't know your enemy, the you don't know your friend A place where there's no more wars, no more tears, no more liquor, no more beers No more stocks, no more shares, no more fights, no more jails, no more kites A place where you don't value money, just the air you breathe And every day is sunny I know it can never happen and it's just rappin And I'm dreamin, again [CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Crazzy Typed by: pernicious_beats@hotmail.com [intro (talking)] imma make the hits yall book the shows [Hook] Aiyyo Bling bling, whats that? Sheek Louch is back Ride ride, you got my back? where the heaters at? 12 gauge, tech nines, yo! where the hit em at? D block, we got 'em going crazy, crazy [Verse One] Aiyyo, whos that looking through my window Blaaaow, y'all muh'fuckas know my style Any nigga looking and I'm daffy ducking his ass Beat upside down, straight bucking his ass Louie bat to his head, roll a truck in his ass Old man style, bust a bottle, cut 'em wit glass Yeeeeeah!, it can be who? Sheek the mc Spit hard, the mc, in the yard, the mc I eat dictionaries and spit out little pieces of paper Thats why my vobulary sick Use big words like, suck-my-dick You dont wanna play Louch, wit out entering cheats I'm like Eddie Kane nigga from the Five Heart Beats Coke thicker than ya muh'fucking cream of wheats Paper too small nowadays, I write on sheets And I done made so many hits, I'm about to cop cleats [Hook] [Verse Two] Without baking soda still keep the arm and hammer D block flag waving on the rangest tanner In our jungle, all gorillas keep a banana Spraying dumb, yo heat is old as nana Listen, if you wit us no time for bailing Sheek Louch, D-block, stop Rose like jalen No bull, nickle plate catch me pailing Scoop big niggaz, put 'em through half the sailing Yeah! I dont care if I sell or not The boy is hot, that be wit a oven glove Fuck mainstream, keep me wit gangstah love Street shit, Sheek shit, bring life to tug Ha ha, I'm like new, but I been here tho Just low, I ain't drop and y'all wanting a show Book it, let the hood in and let me rock Bring the hardest niggaz from ya block, what up! [Hook] [Verse Three] I got ? signs, fuck dog, beware the owner Step out, shopping boxes, Lemon Coronna Scratching my ass, hoping that the kids tresspass One of 'em vietnam niggaz, my stitch wit hair triggers I'm hot like, bout to start breaking you up I feel the earths a little baller niggaz shaking me up I'm bout to dig inside ya pockets, start caking me up I get coke before, I ever be outside wit a cup And yo what, thats right, the god sick wit it May be before, but right now the kid Louch forget it I'm the best out right now, spread the news I could write a book, Louch the new Langston Hughes Yellow Play Boy nigga, stin Pepe Lepues I dont just clap, Sheek'll make the 4 go off Espionage and all that, like ???? Hit the block and make the o's go off, oow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Ten Hut Typed by: Jadabandit@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist D-Block, Ten Hut (Shoot!) My Street Niggaz are you ready Less more! (Sheek) I ma ryder clap off hop in a divider {Lets go} Keep the car in neutral let it roll back {Arrghgh} Big A.K. tied to the ski rack, brick a 100 pack {yeah} Sold off sheet rock, 2 gunz up bitch thats D-Block My flow pretty like a peacock {haha} My nigga locked up, but yea they still on P cock {All Day} To dangerous, me and my nigga Kiss {What up Jada} shine more than the stones on babies wrist {Whoo} The fifth jump like double dutch in the hood I'm bout to blow fuck knockin on wood {Yeah} Cuz if I don't Ima knock on the glass of your 600 {What} None of y'all want it {Nah} And I don't mean track and field When I ask you to run it {Come on} I'm nice as fuck I love to buck Tuck it in before your ass get stucked motherfuckers Fall in, Fall in {Men Lining up} Aim Fire {Gun Shot} (Jadakiss) Dont ever ask me about whats his name fuck him he whack {Thats right} Should wear a condom in the booth because I be fuckin the track {HaHa} Not be in the hood a lot so I be ducking the rats {uh huh} the white tee is 4x cause I be tucking my gat {Thats right} Take my shit off and knuckle up its nothing with scraps {uh huh} Thats how it usually happen to a nigga who front and get clapped {uh huh} Louch and Kiss y'all niggaz don't nothing with that {Nothing} P probably working out doing stomach and back {Money baby} One in your chest the other 16 in your hat {uh huh} Left pherencis trying to figure out the meaning to that {Yeah} They robbed you before so you know what it meaned to get yaked {faggot} And you a bitch so you know what it mean to get slapped We can shoot it out everyday an hour of slugs {Slugs} I'm in the coop knockin to Luther the power of love {Ha} Nigga you can feel the heat for yourself {uh huh} And you can hate all you want But the music gonna speak for itself, What (Sheek) {Gun Shots} Hold fire, Hold fire Started running, Starting retreating Fuck it fire again (Jadakiss) Leave niggaz broken up oxem down wait for them to yell And see they skin open up {Whoo} A nice guy but im evil and I hurt you {yeah} Anybody that you ever seen me would of merked you {uh huh} And I get my money off the diesel and the purple Cause these industry niggaz would easily desert you {For real} Feels good to talk with my nigga {No doubt} D-Block you know what time it is {All day} Baby walk witt my nigga (Sheek) Stop talkin lil niggaz for y'all ass get stomped {haha} Yeah we manz and all that but y'all really our comp {yeah} And Im on my A game was on B too long Stepped it up 16s crazy strong {Louch} Every hood bump Sheek now {Yeah} In the house, in the whip, in the summer Head better with the top down {Whoo} We can get it on {Get it on} or we can let it off {Let it off} After doing it in the yard up north, Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Styles P Album: Walk Witt Me Song: How I Love You Typed by: adamk922@hotmail.com {Sheek} (speaking) Yo I mean, you been there for me You know what I'm sayin, and ya know And I won't do you wrong ever again, nah mean, and you just, you been there And I'ma be there for you from now on, you know what I mean I ain't gonna neglect you, I ain't gonna do none of that shit You got my full undivided attention, and you know what I'm sayin And I'm not afraid to say it, I love you, I love you, I love her, fuck it, I love her. Haha Uh huh Let's go (How I love you) Ha, I ain't afraid to say it, uh uh, I'ma thug, (How I love you) More than that, I'ma man, ya know what I mean (How I love you) I'm in love, you my bitch, my bitch (How I love you) Let's go (Verse 1) Uh I used to dream about you watchin every move you made (yeah) I was young though, I think third or second grade (ok) I'd go home, write a poem, put it right to a beat What I would do, what I would say if we would one day meet Started getting older, still lovin your style How you dressed, how you drove the whole 80's wild I was proud when you first got on MTV (ooh) You was in the video chillin with Run-DMC That's my girl (that's my girl) Little nigga fiendin to hit it Knowin one day in the future I'd be right up in it Started doin talent shows, I had it off the hook You was there but you was too big, you wouldn't even look I ain't mad you ain't noticed til I got with a group But even then it wasn't nothin 'less I got in the coupe (Damn) Got me goin crazy, every day you switch up on me Puttin that in my face knowin me so horny C'mon (Chorus) {Styles P} (How I love you) You all I got (all I got) You all I want (all I want) You all I need (all I need) (How I love you) From day 1 (day 1) Till my death bed (til I die) You all I breathe (uh huh) (How I love you) I'm disciplined (disciplined) I'm dedicated (dedicated) And determined too (determined) (How I love you) You got your ups and downs (ups and downs) But I don't really mind (I don't mind) I still ride wit you still ride (Verse 2) {Sheek} Ok, listen The group doin good (yeah), still in the hood (uh huh) Got a nickname Sheek now you startin to speak (Sheek) Said you wanna fuck wit all three if that's ok (ok) I'm like cool, once I hit it it was that anyway A couple years gone passed, still havin a ball A million times got the pictures on my wall When I first hit it, I was like Sheek the man (you the man) I stopped givin you the attention I originally planned Then you stopped fuckin wit me (oh) And left me alone And people only seen you with Jada and P (That's my mans) You even went around town and started doggin me bad (Damn) But it was my fault ya know, I couldn't even get mad (Ok) Had to grab the pen and pad and get right back Write some more poems to your ass and get back on track (Whoo) I ain't go no problems telling you I love you to death And that I'm whipped And my shit'll be blown if you skip Let's go (Chorus) A'yo I had to hit the streets, they said you be out there a lot And I can find you around any nigga out that's hot Every club, every whip, every gambling spot You know you'd rather be with me, you like to bug out Love to bring the thug out Plus I be keeping it tight We even go to work together, let you play all night Mad loud while I sit and I write Haha We gon' see the world together But not on cable All your friends lovin me, you even got me a label Got the magazines lovin our relations People love to hear us talk, DJ's record our conversations You good around other people, 'specially kids You make them happy, even brothers doin their bids And I ain't jealous at all (uh uh), go out and spread your wings And you can hang with Pop, just pick up the phone when it rings Let's go I ain't gon' lie to y'all, I'm whipped (whoo) (Chorus) (How I love you) (How I love you) (How I cry) (How I love you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Walk Witt Me Song: 3-5-4 (Tarrentino) Typed by: NSane2003@aol.com [Sheek Louch] A'yo four shots let off, black truck sped off Big shit, tryna take a motherfuckin head off A'yo hold up man, let me take y'all back to the begining Let y'all know what happend that night, listen I don't even know these niggaz hangin in front Usually we woulda been asked them what do they want What they came here for, this is 354 What you tryna get some gas or some shit from the store But nobody asked these motherfuckers what do they want It was bitin, mad traffic, the first of the month It was me, Chep, Bizzy and Hit B.G. and Lickalone and yeah I think Earth was there and shit And a few other niggaz in and out of the buildin Tryin to catch every sell but not to children Got a sixty of that yack in the store in the back Chep about to go home and get more of his pack Jake ain't fuckin wit us, what's the miracle Niggaz moms ex heads now turn spiritual Wanna preach to us talk about Christ And how fuck sand, how he could bring the beach to us That's when I noticed niggaz still outside Hoody on with some shades like they tryna hide So I cocked the hammer then I walked to 'em No beef, just a friendly little talk to 'em Listen Sheek: Here we go, yo whaddup money? Guy: Yo whaddup S: What y'all niggaz waitin for somebody or somethin? G: Yeah, why? S: Nah nah, I'm sayin y'all niggaz got on big hoodies and shit Yaknahmean? It's my block out here daddy I don't need blood on this shit and all that G: It's all love, it's all good S: Aight, just checkin dog [Sheek Louch] A'yo, turns out these niggaz is not from here And they got blood on they hands while they drinkin a beer They just robbed Dread and them niggaz spot I told 'em they gotta get up out of here, they makin it hot That's when four shots let off, a black truck sped off Big shit, tryna take a motherfuckin head off Bombaclot, no man rob me spot, everybody here feelin me glock They done put us in a mix now we gotta go to war with Dread and them niggaz cause they think we wit these dicks Shots goin everywhere, everybody clappin but them niggaz that was standin there They fuckin disappeared I cut one yardy underneath his fuckin beard Still clappin, got everybody runnin scared They ain't backin down and we ain't bitchin Niggaz comin out the house with the hitchelin under the michelin Throwin back a clip or two You would think we went to war with Colin Powells crew Police comin now but we don't give a fuck Rhas' tryna grab all his niggaz in the truck That's what I get for lettin niggaz blend in And they ain't really wit us, niggaz really tryna get us I keep my glock not givin a fuck But the bullshit is we still gotta watch for that truck [Sheek Louch] Yaknahmean, y'all niggaz remember that night dog? Only B.G. had his gun on him man, word up Styles P had his gun on him Besides that niggaz was fuckin naked man Yall niggaz didn't stop it man Niggaz had the drop on us kid If homeboy didn't come thru, if he didn't come thru and silence those guns dog, we woulda been sick Check it out though, I know them faggot ass niggaz kid You know what the fuck I'm talkin about Niggaz just bought them shits, that's why we had all them hammers Besides that man, word up man, no wing niggaz around us dog If you ain't a motherfuckin friend of mine or friend of ours, you gotta go Niggaz is grimey man, it's D-Block for real man You think these niggaz don't want what we got? Fuck yeah they want it That shit we be rappin about All that shit we be fuckin drivin around, these niggaz is hungry man I got somethin for that belly though The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Jadakiss, J Hood Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Don't Mean Nuthin' Typed by: JFormz187@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Jadakiss: Yeah Sheek: Uh Huh, D Block Jadakiss: D Block, You with me Louch? Sheek: You know it my nigga Jadakiss: Yeah I know Sheek: Yeah Jadakiss: You know why we do this right? Sheek: Why's that dog? Jadakiss: Make these niggaz feel us all the time, everytime Sheek: Walk wit us Jadakiss: Are we the best or what? Sheek: Who the fuck else Sheek Yo, we do nuthin', we are nuthin' (true) I ain't pullin' my blade if I won't scar nuthin' I ain't pullin' my gun if I won't shoot shit, that's useless (why would I do that) I'll kill ya whole family, that's ruthless (you pussy nigga) You could die nigga I ain't droppin a tear, I ain't thinkin twice nigga, you ain't my nigga (you ain't my nigga) I don't smoke with you, drink with you, eat with you (uh uh) I got a problem with you, I'mma let the heat whistle This is real shit, nigga I peel shit (tell em') I'm harder than concrete and steel mixed (who's better) I wanna kill niggaz (kill em) You think it's part of the verse, it's part of the curse, and I don't really feel niggaz (I don't feel y'all) They say stop the viloence, but I gotta join in it (I'm gonna join in it) I'm in the hooptie with 3 Ki's a boy in it This is pay day, fuck what they say (fuck em') D Block, grab your handguns and A-K's Chorus 2x: Bang that shit off, clap that kid up Stomp that kid out, don't let him get up Any block frontin', gon' wet that shit up It don't mean nuthin' to me! J Hood: Yeah! What up! D Block! Verse 2 J Hood Yo yo, ayo, ayo yo Yo its the baby faced gangster, product of my enviornment Hoodied up, stickin your grandfather for his retirement (what up!) Talkin super hard when I know that you bitch-made (faggot) Stab ya ass in the espohigus with a switchblade Take it out and straight saw off your ribcage (all that) Pour gasoline on the matress where your kids lay J Hood, D Block, respect the name and the click (D Block!) Whoever ain't feelin' this song could suck my dick Garbage bag around your brother head, smother him out To make sure he don't survive, nigga, I'm snubbin him out (bitch!) Make you drink a bottle of Chlorox, hit you with four shots They can't determine the cause of your death in your autops' You scared? Don't come outside, the streets is serious (stay home) My ribs touchin, I'm starvin', trigger happy, and furious We could do it whenever, wherever, nigga set a date (what up!) remember to ask the doc if he could replace your face (bitch!) Chorus 2x Jadakiss: Uh huh, yeah, what, haha! Yeah, uh huh, yeah, uh, yeah Verse 3 Jadakiss Ayo, kill one of mine, I'mma kill one of yours (that's right) It ain't bitin' for base, but they still want it raw (you know it) Y'all niggaz think y'all do dirt, we do it more (more) My man turned 14 shirts into a store (you got it!) Now you could get it from us, we got enough of it (uh huh) The dead president dope Chris Tucker was fuckin' with There's 2 things, ether the jail or the cemetary (yeah) Hammers and the Hawks is on the itinorary (what) Anywhere, any block, clap any iron (any iron) And beat niggaz 'till you can't identify em' D Block my nigga (uh huh) To the niggaz on cure perscription and Ki-lock my nigga (got ya) What, it don't mean nuthin' (nuthin) And you got the rights to bang a nigga wherever you want if he frontin' (yeah) We done starved together and burned some scriller Now we doin' it again, it's your turn gorilla (doin' it again baby!) Chorus 2x Verse 4 Sheek Uh, you want it with who? (huh?) You can't be talkin' to Louch or none of his crew (never) We poppin' you quick (yeah) Put big knives in you, bitch, get off our dick (get off our dick) White Air's and white T's get filthy quick And we ain't caughin' or sneezin', but the camp is sick (haha) Uh, stop frontin', y'all don't wanna pull triggers (nah) Lifetime, Sex In the City ass niggaz (yeah) Spit it for the hood and the gritty ass niggaz (uh) Put big scars on the pretty ass niggaz (yeah) I'll pull up wit a hooptie at a black tie affair And smack the fuck out a boozie nigga like a bear (come here bitch) Crime don't pay, who the fuck said that? (huh?) How much you think I'm gettin' for his chain, where my gat? Nigga act up, I'll let it rip in his back (brattt!) You know who it is from coast to coast (who) Thug niggaz keep clappin' ya toast What up!? Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ J-Hood Album: Walk Witt Me Song: D-Block Typed by: lilc2008@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (J-Hood) Nigga what what what (Sheek) Twin yall niggaz ready (J-Hood) yeah yeah yeah (Sheek) She here to put the clack clack in this Crack pack in this Dick in this like I had a six pack of Genus Niggaz know that the flow be wicked Been nice since Tri Backs can they kick it Can't walk with out lil momma trying to flick it So be it take let your boyfriend see it US gangsta but all my guns be Soviet Jake did it gon take em up to I D it Chain hanging out but I ain't talking about jewelry Talking ammunition, bullets, big artillery Put a hole in a big ass social security Been this way be for I even reached maturity Nigga they all book me quicker Cuz I'm worth more, like a Jam Master J sticker Alive but you can still pull out liquor Gotta dead serious flow I'm about to blow yeah (Chorus: repeat 2X) D-Block (where my niggaz at) D-Block (where my bitches at) D-Block (where them gangstas at) D-Block (where the shankstas at) (J-Hood) J-Hizzle clap for my nizzle Who the fuck want to beef Louch pass me the pistol I'm about to let him ring like a phone He used to have a good head on his shoulders But now the shit gone D-Block bout to wake the game and get these bucks It's for them niggaz Dickie Dan throwin it up rocking Chucks Like pimples motherfucker I'm all in your face You like sneakers when them strings about to get laced What you need chronic homeboy, we got all types Fuck your bikes, Nigga I smoke more than exhaust pipes You know those new 7-60's yeah I got 2 One platinum like my rhymes the other raspberry blue When I'm riding on the track like a surf board I'm on the block pitching what the fuck you think I got the word for Walk with me motherfucker we taking over the streets Let em warn all your peeps Hood coming at they street (Chorus) (Sheek) Sheek a fucking crook Stake your house out know what your momma cook Fuck her with a broom Fuck the movie when I'm there its a panic room Niggaz start to stutter, please don't cut my mother I'm too fucking gutter clip on top of each other 2 twelve gages take you threw the stages Bullets running low but yours been there for ages Cob web niggaz iced out slob like I'm on a fucking bob sled niggaz I'll talk to yall niggaz I ain't trying to shout Why fit in with Sheek was born to stand out You'll get pretzeled up twist in half Long shit with the black spots like a giraffe Clear my path when the guy walking How you try getting in the club I hope you jump in my coffin Besides D-Block I don't see that often (Chorus) 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ D-Block Album: Walk Witt Me Song: Mighty D-Block (2 Guns Up) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss] Yeah, D-Block (Green Lantern blast that) Everywhere we go-oh, people wanna know-oh Whooo we arrrre, sooo we tell them This is D-Block, mighty mighty D-Block Everywhere we go-oh, people wanna know-oh Whooo we arrrre, sooo we tell them This is D-Block, mighty mighty D-Block Everywhere we go-oh (yeah D-Block you bitch ass niggas!!) [Verse - Jadakiss] Yo, the revolve' or the matty's cool Knife game like Daddy Kool's, since Valley Shoes This is real life street shit, truest and the deepest Known niggas that go to jail just to get they teeth fixed Think I give a fuck what you herbs say? When I got the nigga that you trying to be watching my wordplay Now everybody wanna be 'Pac Till they ass really get popped and they die on the third day The Des'y got a beautiful ring I can hit any one of y'all, options a beautiful thing Body is finished, maybe then can save the tooth Call me Kiss or call me the Black Babe Ruth That many hits, fuck that, that many bricks D-Block that many niggas' gats to your lips My dope is two toned, but I had to change my spot Cause it turned into a drug free school zone (let's go) [Jadakiss] J.A.D.A.    I'm top five, dead or alive    And that's just off one LP [DJ Green Lantern] Word up Sheek Louch up in your motherfucking chest! {*scratched*} Walk Witt Me.. Green Lantern! [Jae Hood] Jae Hood [Styles P] Two guns up [Jae Hood] All I know is bitches and money, grams and guns [Styles P] Here's why they call me the Ghost [Verse - Sheek Louch] Yo, I don't give a fuck about pull out cockbacks Spin a muhfucker out, empty his chest Leave your muhfucking whip a mess All over the dashboard, in backseat pieces of flesh Send niggas to the grave wit they face half gone Stomach ripped open, the beef back on That nigga Sheek rude, I'll spit in your food Tell the women in ya family to suck my dick No respect, fuck that I'll murder you quick Mad weapons in the trunk bitch take your pick Stick a gernade up under your fender Stick a pineapple bomb in ya blender, I don't care about you You say fuck Sheek Louch? well fuck you too Your father, your mother, the hole you came through Niggas don't learn till they're carasined out Lighter to their face they'll spit gasonline out You want me dead, I'm right here do it bitch Make me bleed till I'm motherfucking fluidless I ain't new at this and don't give a fuck about you Sheek'll run up and smack the shit out you I live this shit, it's never gon stop Open niggas face wit a octopus top Face all ripped up, catch me on the block Shells all loaded up, catch me wit the glock Pussy muhfuckers don't want no beef Trip niggas down to their platinum teeth Chase you in the house with the all black heat Leave you just boxers and slippers on your feet I talk reckless, I really want the coke and the money But I'll settle for your necklace D-Block (Styles P: two guns up) [Bridge: Jadakiss] Everywhere we go-oh, people wanna know-oh Whooo we arrrre, sooo we tell them This is D-Block, mighty mighty D-Block {*scratched*} D-Block, two guns up Call up hood, hit up ya hood Yo dude skip up street [Verse - Jae Hood] I grew up as a young dude, chillin wit them old cats Couldn't cop crack so I had to slang Prozac Fuck being broke, I'm trying to cop a tan four Trap you up like niggas get pussy in The Sopranos You really want beef? I'm busting the tech I'll hit you up in the park while you're doing your sets It's (Jadakiss: D-Block) (yeah yeah y'all!) You can't get no streeter nigga I'm nice wit the hands but I'm better wit the heater Old school style stash haze in my sock I'll bust at you and turn your Ac' Jeep to a drop You niggas talking like y'all can't get stuck up I ain't an +Icon+ but y'all will still +Get Fucked Up+ [Verse - Styles P] As we continue on, your hood you finish Write a suicide note and get a window on Nigga that's the type of shit we on Redrum Redrum spin it back like a Missy song Take a cold heart to twist your mom But it's wintertime, shotty under the snorkle Will flip when it's dinner time +Strange Days+ without +Angela Bassett+ Middle of the hood niggas handling plastic Gotta watch ya head and not get popped with lead And watch ya bread, not get popped by Feds Anywhere we gon be in the hood Wit the burners and the hawks nigga being the hood (watup!) [Outro - Jadakiss] Everywhere we go-oh, people wanna know-oh Whooo we arrrre, sooo we tell them This is D-Block, mighty mighty D-Block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: What You So Mad At?? Typed by: MilesHensley1_01@Msn.Com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Ah-ha! [Chorus x2- Jadakiss] [Wow] What you so mad at now? Go get yourself a drink lets all get down Roll somethin, smoke somethin lets blow this pound Naw somethin jump off we gonna hold us down [Verse 1- Jadakiss] Uh me and honey on the dance floor just flexin Till the neck on my white T start stretchin Liquor comin outta our paws and we sweatin But that ain't slowin us down, we still steppin Her gear is strong, her hair is long, her feet is small And she smoke weed and all, so we gonna pop us a bottle And blow a good splif, VIP is crowded but they all look stiff I'm well connected, I got wolves over there, and niggaz that Act like pitbulls over here, ya I'm just doin my 1 2 and shit She's shakin it, doin that St. Louis shit with her back in it So I put my bones in it, the rollz go prezzy, got the pink stones in it Why you want drama with me, I ain't gonna blast you Before I put the money on ya head I'ma ask you nigga [Chorus x2- Jadakiss] [Wow] What you so mad at now? Go get yourself a drink lets all get down Roll somethin, smoke somethin lets blow this pound Naw somethin jump off we gonna hold us down [Verse 2- Jadakiss] Yo yo yo, I'm everything controversal, underground gangsta rap Slash commercial ya but still all it takes is a long dutch For me to get your wifey up out of a warm dutch As far as the funeral, you got it, its on us cuz niggaz ain't crazy They just armed us uh, so let me get another round Now Hypno and Clico will sit a brother down Haze'll have you feelin like you in another town Then its time for the gangstas so get the rubbers now K I two of them swirled things one more drink and ya boy Might be doin the earl thing, ma its me, you and whoever ya girl bring Meet me in the back, I'm outside the pearl thing I got the trate pound hooked on my waist When they mention my name around other rappers, look in they face and say [Chorus x2- Jadakiss] [Wow] What you so mad at now? Go get yourself a drink lets all get down Roll somethin, smoke somethin lets blow this pound Naw somethin jump off we gonna hold us down [Verse 3- Jadakiss] Can't knock a nigga that didnt make it, if you try Far as me though, my spot is celitified so when I hit my number I'ma hit it high and when I'm dead and gone, they gonna say I did it live Cuz I done been too nice for way too long They can't hold me back I'm way too strong Double R D-Block that's what it is and that's what its gonna be We gettin it on I just wanna know [Outro x2] What you so mad at now Let's all get down Let's blow this pound We gon' hold it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ DJ Quik, Snoop Dogg Album: Kiss of Death Song: Shine Typed by: Hennessy_5th@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Shine, shine, shine Everyday when I'm rollin through the hood Playas watch me cos they know I "Shine, shine, shine" Hey! I know I'm shinin, a fresh pair of whities and a crispy T on Love to hate me cos you know I'm gonna "Shine, shine, shine" [Female Singer] Keep doin what you doin It's ya time and its ya shine I love the way you ride I hope you shine The party starts tonight My friends are comin over I really think you fly Tonight's the night "shine shine shine" [Verse 1 - Snoop Dogg] I shine like Neptune, Venus, and Mars in yo face in yo state In and out of cars, in a state, with a date with one of my broads But you gotta leave that bitch before she gets your dick hard Thats what shinin about and when you get the hoe You can tear her linin out, what you whinin about? You in the presence of pimpin, I'm walkin while limpin And holdin on the drink that I'm sippin, I'm flippin the script and Im slidin while I'm dippin my whip in, out-of-traffic Its so drastic, boombastic, this shits a hit, Jadakiss matter fact nephew, this bitch is a classic pass this ayo locy loc' let's blow some dope better yet lets go for dough, hoe for hoe I'm so fa sho, and so low and sensational You know how I do it Shine, shine, shine Everyday when I'm rollin thru the hood Playas watch me cuz they know I "Shine, shine, shine" Hey I know I'm shinin, a fresh pair of whities and a crispy T on Love to hate me cuz you know I'm gonna "Shine, shine, shine" [Female Singer] Keep doin what you doin Its ya time and its ya shine I love the way you ride I hope you shine "shine shine shine" The party starts tonight My friends are comin over I really think you fly Tonight'sthe night "shine shine shine" [Verse 2 - DJ Quik] Now whats the haps on the bottle cap, I want a snow bunny "I'm Rick James bitch!" I got the show money and I ain't hatin for nothin, but it be so funny how cowards be wantin see me with my eyes and nose runny I got nouns and verbs while you got pounds of curbs and one of us got a place if we around the burbs I'm fittin like a lego block, you bullshittin while I'm sittin in an eight-o-drop, these suckaz tell me "keep it gangsta" But they don't know, when they ain't lookin I be hearin population control Then I'm lookin for a breezy with a whole lotta soul so I can have a malfunction in my wardrobe SIP! not the Jada with the smith It's the Jada with the fo' fifth, clutchin on the fifth With Snoop be in the front and his jewelry shinin all through his clothes and lil niggaz in the back on the low... but I still shine though! Shine, shine, shine Everyday when I'm rollin thru the hood Playas watch me cuz they know I "Shine, shine, shine" Hey I know I'm shinin, a fresh pair of whities and a crispy T on Love to hate me cuz you know I'm gonna "Shine, shine, shine" [Female Singer] Keep doin what you doin It's ya time and its ya shine I love the way you ride I hope you shine "shine shine shine" The party starts tonight My friends are comin over I really think you fly Tonight'sthe night "shine shine shine" [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] UH, Like a African diamond its deeper than rappin and rhymin Success happens with timin, over here I'm doin low with the punk When I'm over there I'm on the low low with my unc and all the bitches lookin for us But I ain't lookin for puss, right now ma' I'm lookin for cush And I'm strapped with the pound and house shoes, Khakis, T shirts Ah Uh ! Thats my surroundings, air force ones, jeans City lab a-fitted thats when I'm back in the town Don't get it confused I'm proud to be gone be home in a year with duffle bags out on the lawn So much money my niggaz keep countin it wrong So many hits I cant keep count of the songs and we still grindin, stainless still nine And y'all still hate but we still shinin lets go! Shine, shine, shine Everyday when I'm rollin through the hood Playas watch me cuz they know I "Shine, shine, shine" Hey I know I'm shinin, afresh pair of whities with a crispy T on Love to hate me cuz you know I'm gonna "Shine, shine, shine" [Female Singer] Keep doin what you doin It's ya time and its ya shine I love the way you ride I hope you shine "Shine shine shine" The party starts tonight My friends are comin over I really think you fly Tonight'sthe night "Shine, shine, shine" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: Bring You Down Typed by: m_6teen_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Verse 1) Top of the food chain, It's just the way that I do things The dungaree seats in the blue Range I'm working with new change, a Gemini nigga with mood swings had the fiends looking for new things I stopped playin' with birds and stated playin' with words the money wasn't right, so I had to stay on the kerb And I'll be a player later. But for now Call me pootay 'Kiss, if not that? Montega Jada I kick hard bars and blow hard weed and be everywhere, 'cause I move at God's speed And my aim is to make y'all bleed Y'all got embarrassed in the class when the teacher used to make y'all read Uh-huh, Mind over matter And that's all good but fuck that My new shit is spine over bladder And everybody tryin'a get to the top, and that's all good too but right now - I'm on the ladder (Chorus) Look at you then, and (uh-huh) Look at you now. (yeah) Don't let this cold cold world,(uh-uhhh) Bring you down. (x2) (Verse 2) I know your queen got her eyes on me I got my eyes on your queen, The SMG is Heinekken green Mad thing is you know before long that we gon' get it on My kit costs thirty and ten to put it on No tints, windows clean - heavy Windex gears on the steering wheel, I shift 'em with my index Real life - it's just in another form Kiss Of Death, it's about to be another storm I'm a goddamn raging bull Stay out of jail by just tellin' myself the cage is full Got niggaz on the payroll, just to squeeze You're in no position to challenge my expertise They get a bonus if they leave you Old school - from the era of the 45's with the penny on the needle Boss of the bosses, so please don't violate or cross him Or you'll be the corpse of the corpses (Chorus x2) (Verse 3) Uh- Huh, You know thw word anger is just one letter short of the word danger, and I aint no stranger Never use a gat more than twice if you don't clean it and never say fuck something if you don't mean it And when it comes to life, the route you've been using thus far aint working right? Take the scenic Whatever faith you got, put in a crook Wanna hide something from a nigga? Put it in a book Trust me, this album, the vapour's gon' go around If you aint hot, you need paper to throw around Yeah, it's getting clearer every day When you wake up in the morning, look in the mirror and say (Chorus x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nate Dogg Album: 	Kiss of Death Song: 	Time's Up typed by: tjkeitt@bu.edu [Jadakiss] Yeah, yo, I'm the nigga with the perpetual oyster bars Mother of pearl delivery, voice of God And...it's hard just being the boss Being I can't go to jail cause them years'll cost me Don't get me wrong, lay a nigga down if he force me Rather just sit back and roll a dutch Think how I'ma put the game in the cobra clutch Think about how I'ma get the 'caine over Customs Never underestimate niggaz, or over trust them Uh...yeah them M's is right in my face I just gotta throw my Timbs on and tighten my lace If it don't jam, the Tech will spray  When I spit everybody gotta split like pepper spray Cause I'm a nigga that hate to settle I'm a man of the Lord but I still can't shake the devil Moved away and still can't escape the ghetto, what [Chorus: Nate Dogg] The time to talk is up  So bring the heat, that time is over  While you running your mouth I'm creeping up over your shoulder A gun, a knife, a bat, a brick, anything I can get my hands on Call my bluff, start acting up, and I'll leave you underground [Jadakiss] I know how to get my pairs off me They can cry and die from high blood pressure cause tears are salty It's a symptom if you bobbin your head Know that he's sick, know the flow is ridic', now throw him a grip When I get it, you already know I'm throwin them bricks Puttin purple everywhere, daddy, I'm throwin them nicks That's right, homey, you can't move me I ain't goin nowhere, I'm in the hood like bootleg movies All you shootin is the breeze, a bootleg uzi I'm just waitin on a cue like Suzie, don't lose me These penitentiary chances that I take Should be able to get the mansion by the lake But I invest my bread into something else Into something else that'll make something melt You just gotta feel the kid, if not rap for the fact of how real he is, whatever [Jadakiss] Aiyo, niggas know the champ is in here He took it from crack to rap, now he put out two anthems a year And I just wanna rock for a century And then chase the book with the documentary If you, can't do nothin other than flow Life's a bitch like the mother from +Blow+, let's go Don't make me put your heart in your lap Fuck ridin the beat, nigga, I parallel park on the track Hop out lookin crispy, fresh and new In the six, but it's a BM, and it's Pepsi blue And, I don't know you... But I know a man becomes a man from all the shit that he go through Ya'll ain't fuckin with Jason After I cash in, there's really no justification Of how I'm gonna change the game, so don't get outta line Cause this little nine will change your frame, what up [chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Kiss of Death Song: Why Typed by: richy_b69@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] Aha It's dead real Yo, why is Jadakiss as hard as it gets Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in debt And why them dudes ain't ridin' if there part of your set And why they never get it poppin' but they party to death Yea, and why they gon give you life for a murder Turn around only give you eight months for a burner, it's goin down Why they sellin' niggaz CD's for under a dime If it's all love daddy why you come wit your nine Why my niggaz ain't get that cake Why is a brother up North better than Jordan That ain't get that break Why you ain't stackin' instead of tryin' to be fly Why is rattin' at an all time high Why are you even alive Why they kill Tupac n' Chris Why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin' Criss Why them bullets have to hit that door Why did Kobe have to hit that raw Why he kiss that whore Why [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] All that I been givin' Is this pain that I've been living They got me in the system Why they gotta do me like that Try'd to make it my way But got sent up on the highway Why, oh why Why they do me like that [Jadakiss] Why would niggaz push pounds and powder Why did bush knock down the towers Why you around them cowards Why Aaliyah have to take that flight Why my nigga D ain't pull out his Ferrari Why he take that bike Why they gotta open your package and read your mail Why they stop lettin' niggaz get degreez in jail Why you gotta do eighty-five percent of your time And why do niggaz lie in eighty-five percent of they rhymes Why a nigga always want what he can't have Why I can't come through in the pecan Jag Why did crack have to hit so hard Even though it's almost over Why niggaz can't get no jobs Why they come up wit the witness protection Why they let the terminator win the election Come on, pay attention Why sell in the stores what you can sell in the streets Why I say the hottest shit but be sellin' the least [Jadakiss] Uh, yea, yo Why Halle have to let a white man pop her to get a Oscar Why Denzel have to be crooked before he took it Why they didn't make the CL6 wit a clutch And if you don't smoke why the hell you reachin' for my dutch Why rap, cause I need air time Why be on the curb wit a “Why lie, I need a beer” sign Why all the young niggaz is dyin' Cause they moms at work, they pops is gone, they livin' wit iron Why they ain't give us a cure for aids Why my diesel have fiends in the spot on the floor for days Why you screamin' like it's slug, it's only the hawk Why my buzz in L.A. ain't like it is in New York Why you forcin' you to be hard Why ain't you a thug by choice Why the whole world love my voice Why try to tell 'em that it's the flow son And you know why they made the new twenties Cause I got all my old ones That's why The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Mariah carey Album: Kiss of Death Song: U Make Me Wanna Typed by: manl@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist Let's go, uh huh. K-i-s-s- me.. Uh and I just wanna make.. Love, love, love .. Ya, I love it when you say.. K-i-s-s me.. Uh and I just wanna make.. Love, love, love.. A yo.. the crib got your friends working We travel to france for french curtains You was there when I was on the bench hurtin Now that I own my team Its only right that I condone my queen Try to show her my dream And I can't let her get lost now She carrys the money, the hammer, and material across town And understand she fine Understand she mine She understand the grind Cooks, clean, and irons And whatever shes wanna push I'ma cosign And if I ain't got it already than I'ma go find it I guess I'ma lucky don, and shes a lucky queen Cuz her jewerly box look likes lucky charms All color stones And she no that I'm in the hood But she also nows that I'm coming home Mr. raspy tho I was in love with money Till the first time we getting nasty K-i-s-s- me And I just wanna make Love, love, love I love it when you say K-i-s-s me And I just wanna make Love, love, love Uh yo, Whatever the road to paradise is we on it Gave you your income tax checks so I can get on with Those were the days these are the times You held me down with nearly damn near everything even my rhymes I will play a song for you And you will let me know exactly how the ladies will respond from a womens point of view And thats why my girl is with me I love it when she layin in the bed with a pearl long vickie The next best thing to a soldier Go hard with a fat ass and a head full of rollers Just look in her eyes and tell she's real Just imagine the way she smell and the way she feel The sex was crazy then and crazy still And you know I'm from the streets so its crazy ill And we waiten on the new island We been to all them 4, 5 times come on mommy you whilin K-i-s-s- me And I just wanna make Love, love, love I love it when you say K-i-s-s me And I just wanna make Love, love, love When things was ruff only person I could call was you Now everything I do I do it all 4 you Come touch me, come kiss me, come love me neway you wanna boy N I'm hood as long as I'm close to you N we doing wut grown folks is suppose to do Come hold me, come feel me, come take me anyway you wanna baby A yo the money is great but what we got is more better We got the four letters when it comes from the heart its more pleasure And for the fact that you trust me still Thus far I appreciate what we build All the minks that I bought you That dragged the floor and all the night you sat up And bagged the roar Damn I'm thinking that you gotta hate it but yet and still you tolerate It thats y ma we gotta make it K-i-s-s- me Ya and I just wanna make Love, love, love Ya uh, I love it when you say K-i-s-s me Uh and I just wanna make Love, love, love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Kiss of Death Song: Hot Sauce to Go Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss] (Pharrell) AH-HA! (hot sauce to go) Light in the incense, backup And turn the lights off in the motherfucker! (Hot sauce to go) Right now! Please! Thank you, muah! Ahah-ha! (hot sauce to go) You know who it is! (Jada) The obvious is beautiful! (hot sauce to go) Marlvelous, I'm getting older [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! [Verse - Jadakiss] Yo, we gon hit something I'm cutting the rug wit love Or I'm on the wall pressed up against something You should let em know the boss is back So y'all niggas that went wood go get more shalack I see bowlegs backing it in I put it on her wit the ol' school two step, clap and a spin Filled up her cup, slid her a dutch You know what's happenin then (what?) in And all I did was having a grin Off top let her know I ain't one of these dudes Rhyming to lose, naw ma I'm rapping to win Yeah! yes! They know the God be fresh I'm on that ass blowing purple on the washing set And even though I came wit thugs You still might catch a few of them 'Stepping In The Name Of Love' Uh! It's D on the Block, the Ryde is Ruff And you wit the motherfucking Billionaire Boys Club! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! [Verse - Jadakiss] Gangsta leanin, Kiss be in the bank wit cream and My wrists and my neck be gleamin Whatever I got cost, Honey look hotter than Hot Sauce That's why I get to hop in a drop Porsche Then she get dropped off, told her that the whole block pop off She come through, take them rocks off And therefore, wanna know, what would they stare for They heard about the work, it's as white as your Air Force Maybe it's the voice that the world got an ear for Most of these rappers, I just don't care for So I be on the honies wit the big ol' asses Hypno and Cleako in big ol' glasses We could do the damn thang, order the champagne Honey's Head of the State, and I'm running the Campaign If you coming, c'mon, if not I'm gone Other than that, yo Pharrell, sing my song! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Hot sauce to go.. hot sauce to go [Verse - Jadakiss] Hey yo, Honey got a goon thinking That ass like that, she could have the room stinking I - picked her up in the maroon Lincoln Blew her back out until the moon sank in Spend the profit, hold on the to the re Lock me up, hold on the to key I want you to wake up in the morning wit me I got it bad for ya, breakfast and a cab for ya [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Hot sauce watch out.. hot sauce to go Hot sauce to go.. hot sauce to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Sheek Album: Kiss of Death Song: Real Hip Hop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Swizz Beatz] Swizz Beatz the monsta Real music (real music) let's go The hood's hot! (uh-huh, yeah) The hood's hot! (clap) The hood's hot! (oh, yeah) The hood's hot (yeah, yeah) [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo when I squirt the chrome the funeral home gon' double they money this year off my work alone So cool with it, yet and still I'm old school with it Nobody gotta know who did it Two-thirds of the L.O., where the X at? Hoodie under the suit jacket, double-breast that I'm in the hood like scratch-offs, get them packs off Lame niggaz cuffin them whack whores Use of the pick goin back door, no more for the fake Just stand there and I'ma dish it back off Might lay it up, might not Niggaz don't be in the wrong place cause it's me in the right spot I'm quite hot, y'all niggaz is quite pop The record don't sell then I still got light rocks Like wearin Timbs with Nike socks And the lil' bit of money I did make I put it in light stocks [Swizz Beatz] Yeah, how y'all doin out there (Jada whattup nigga?) How y'all doin out there? (It's your boy Sheek Louch nigga) The hood's hot! (Thanks for invitin me on this track) The hood's hot! [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Yo if my flow too tight, put the pressure on Watch the juice come out like I'm squeezin a Sprite Make big deals, get out on big bails Shit, your career about as short as Amil's (ha ha) Shit on niggaz like I had two tails (damn) With enough bars to open four jails If you don't know nigga, ask Madden How I play with the hammer, in Manhattan Shank up (yeah) niggaz leak enough blood to fill a motherfuckin H-2 tank up Getcha bank up (yeah) who you rank up Get off his dick and get you a brick (woo!) We done seen every John Woo flick So act like The Killer instead of some chick (bitch) Fuck a pimp cup, get a plastic one (no doubt) Put some 'gnac in that shit and go and get it done [Swizz Beatz] How y'all doin out there? (You know what they want right) How y'all doin out there? (They want that gangsta shit from us daddy) The hood's hot! (So let that shit hit you) The hood's hot! [Verse Three: Sheek] Me and 'Kiss hot like lava (no doubt) We got sons in the game and we don't need Maury to know who the father If we don't know you, your bars ain't big enough (nah) You need a gimmick, go run around the block with Puff Get a Black Phone, rent some of Jigga's stuff I'm like T-Dub, you wanna be dubbed (no doubt) I was there when a lil' nigga re'd up You ain't Willie, you just act G'd up [Jadakiss] Yeah, uh, yo I branched out, so you can get the deez In the glass seam bags you can pull the stamps out Nigga the champ's out, we don't rock loud colors We pop loud guns nigga to stand out You know what it is kid, your man got the money in his crib Then we gon' go in your man's house Double R D-Block nigga the camp's out Can't forget about Swizz, he blowin the amps out, what? [Swizz Beatz] How y'all doin out there? How y'all doin out there? The hood's hot! The hood's hot! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles P Album: Kiss of Death Song: Shoot Outs Typed by: jim1313_733@hotmail.com (JADAKISS) 	(STYLES P) Let's go 	Feds in the precinct lookin at our picture If rap don't work we gonna get it like Guy Fisher 	I was taught to ride with them niggas thatl die with ya Headed OT? Then bring some pies with ya 	Buy your man a lambo and tell him to fly with ya Or throw the nigga jewels and tell him to shine with ya 	I shine You shine 	Like smith n wesson you don't wanna feel the ghost Or the kiss of death n' 	Tubs still lift up So do the sink now 	Pablo escobar shit Buyin a clink now 	Dead presidents shit Robbin the Brinks now 	100 shot tommy guns Hell of a stink now J-A-D-A 	'Cause the P will hollow the gun to holla at son Muah, im that nigga ya'll know that 	Do it Holiday Style Double R is Comin for War On the average day we smoke about a quarter 	And everythings is bad for a nigga nowadays so we drink a lot of water 	talk about you "so rich" nigga you "so bitch" 	that your parents probably think they got a daughter yeah we them boys that bring all the terror 	we persevered through all the errors lay niggas down with all barettas 	everything in the bag--chains, watches... ...all your leathers 	So you can act funny with yourselves I'm in the hood with dope 	Sacks is filled twenty after twelve A sign of the times kitchen cook 38, 38 treys 	that remind you of dimes Hustlers, entreprenaurs 	Anything to do with the hood That's what we responsible for 	Battin you down Knifin you up 	Stompin your jaw Bail a nigga out for stealin something out on the tour 	And they makin technology to trya nd screw niggas I'm good long as an old gun will kill a new nigga 	Yall dudes with 9 lives got one life left And controversy sells but it aint like death 	So pop him in the head til his brains start to fizz on him I aint sell my soul to the devil, I bought his from him 	Waitin on the day they say jesus is gonna come So god bless yall niggas cuz im sneezing with my gun Ah-choo 	Bless you You aint D Block or Double R nigga 	No doubt imma stretch you Imma shoot back 10 feet 	Imma catch you Real brutal shit 	Make sure I snap your neck too SLR or the Aston Mar' 	Lamborghini or the Porsche with the crashin bars Iced out 	Or wear no ice at all 100 Gs on the dice game 	Life's a ball Listen up -- if you real get real estate 	We the best in the game, that aint a real debate And they never had AK's peelin face 	Cuz its written in the starts for us to seal your fate Time to skate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: Still Feel me Typed by: MilesHensley1_01@Msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jadakiss] uh-huh, real life shit na'mean True story Feel me, matter of fact Still feel me Uh yea, yo Past few years shit got so ill Kinda hard for the god to laugh through tears I went through something with momma, no drama something that came and went, real life karma My pop think his son is deserting em, its hurtin em Guess I gotta be the man, sit down & work with em My little boy 7, he the sequel to the thug So I told him the money will never equal the love Listen I'm grown y'all, when it comes to my family it's never a problem It's only a phone call, the tend to take that and run with it So every other month I be on some new number shit They violated Stay again, Gus totaled the beamer & broke Kay leg again shhh, let us pray again and I ain't get enough of hanging in local bars yet Had to let the thang off, cross town in the projects All these rumors, shit I ain't get robbed yet Bitch ass niggaz ain't stop actin like broads yet And arm reach off a gun & a mask, somebody clipped me for a hundred in cash Still feel me, I hit the road try to get more grip It was cool til' a mutha fuckin tour bus flipped uh, no charges brought up, bitch popped up with a kid Got caught up, then I put a court up Now The road the the riches is taking me longer It ain't kill yet so it makin me stronger I don't know if its the hate, frustration, or hunger The keep a nigga going, rappin for a reason Shit don't just don't happen, shit happen for a reason I'm that dude, like it or love it I do my thang in the hood, get right with a budget Ain't afraid to give my life to the public And when you see me next time maybe we can further discuss How my 16's give you a visual I know you thinking he ain't really selling, how he life off residuals But right now the game is pitiful niggaz is lonely, they need company cuz they miserable (Talking) Yeah, uh-huh shit it still real B That's why I want you to still feel me Still feel me, one I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: By Your Side Typed by: manl@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist I'll be by your side (General) I'll always find a way I love you too much, to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by [VERSE 1:] (By your side) It makes me strong It gives me the strength to bang out and make these songs If I do it on the spot or if it takes me long they can't stop me Even if my breaks was on I'm still.. (By your side) I'm always here, nobody's perfect Life ain't always fair I used to not give a fuck I ain't always care when it's too hot for the hammer You know the hawk is right.. (By your side) Until you get to the car And you gotta get through the D before you get to the R If I don't get you today then I'ma get you tomorrow As soon as you come out your crib I'ma be right.. (By your side) Where I'm supposed to be Close to you, with the toast close to me And screw it if it's the right or wrong thing When you in the sight of that long thing You wish you had a strong team right.. (By your side) [CHORUS:] I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side (yeah, yeah) By your side (let's go) I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side [VERSE 2:] As long as you need me I'm down for whatever hommie as long as you feed me I pull the big joints out as long as the TV Or I can play my part and just breathe easy right.. (By your side) As soon as something happen to you Your n*****s would bounce and you thought they were scrappin' witcha you Now you cleanin' your cuts with peroxide And you wake up in the ER with the Doc right.. (By your side) Puttin' tubes in you and you can't even eat right They puttin' food in you Your body's getting colder Devil on your shoulder And you Mom's in the room but you just wanna hold her.. (By your side) Nothin' but realness That's why everybody in the world could feel this I'm on top and ya'll under me So when it's over; if I ain't in the front, atleast I'm gonna be.. (By your side) [CHORUS:] I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side (yeah) By your side (let's go) I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side [VERSE 3:] Until they finish me off If they don't get us both you'll be sending me off And please just do me this favor Stick to our little plan And f*ck the money Just keep my little man.. (By your side) And show 'em there's hope And he gon' think he knows whats going But show him the ropes And if you bring him to the Gucci store Show him the loffs hood n*****s I'm just showing you growth But I'm still right.. (By your side) You know Kiss don't gotta aim his gun at you to be focused And if you broke now n***a when you see those chips Watch how many people come out of nowhere And try to be.. (By your side) The answer's plenty Cause when you handling business you can't be friendly And if you tryna stack something Can't be pennies Most likely grants and benggies And you better keep 'em.. (By your side) [CHORUS:] I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side By your side I love you too much to loose ya Sweet touches, you're there right by By your side By your side By your side By your side The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Kanye West Album: Kiss of Death Song: Gettin' it In Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jada] Ah-ha! Shorty gettin it in with me (uh-huh) Shorty gettin it in with me (yeah) She said I brought some friends with me, but I don't know why Because they ain't gettin in with me (uh-uh) Shorty gettin it in with me (yeah, yeah) Shorty gettin it in with me (uh-huh) She said I brought some friends with me, but I don't know why (yeah) Because they ain't gettin in with me (yo) [Verse One: Jadakiss] You know me, I'm with a ghetto diva, stiletto fever Jell-o shots, yellow reefer Same rules apply, I'm back on top You can't drink or smoke if you not gon' pop See me in the popcorn drop, not gon' stop Takin shots of Catron, gettin top on yachts The medallion's a mountain, rock on rocks The whole world wanna know when this lock gon' drop Without a doubt, she acknowledge the wealth Since she ain't give brains, I told her let me get some knowledge of self Then I told her be proud of yourself and dig deep And try to see what you could get out of yourself After all that, I told her to fall back The Ferrari truck parked in the back is all black Next time, bring some friends and more 'gnac It depends how I feel in the morn' if I call back, what [Verse Two: Kanye West] Yeah, Kanye to the, yeah I'm with this bad Ethiopian chick, drinkin straight up liquor I told her I'm nigger-ian, a straight up nigga Now is it just me, or do them ugg's Have girls be lookin like sheepskin rugs Some rhyme with a name, some rhyme nameless Don't try to treat me like I AIN'T FAMOUS My apologies, are you into astrology Cause I'm, I'm tryin to make it to Uranus See that's a little Don Juan game All across your chest like Sean John name Niggaz tryin to figure out since Kan came Who the rookie of the year, me or LeBron James They say whoa, don't get caught up in the hype Ain't no tellin they gon' love you after tonight Well if tonight's the night, pop bottles, fuck models Spend money 'til you broke, my nigga live your life! [Jada] Ah-ha! [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Shorty gettin it in with me, 600 Benz with me She wanna spend with me, uhh She see me roll up the bud, then thug out the club Cause I got my mens with me, uhh She said she leavin her friends for me They ain't gettin in with her, cause she gon' bend for me, uhh Her tongue spin like a rim for me, do what she can for me Look like a ten for me, uhh Now shorty is out with me, usin her mouth for me She lookin out for me, uhh She said 'Kiss where you live, I said you see the Bridge when you step on the balcony, let's go [Jada] Ah-ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: Air it Out Typed by: manl@bellsouth.net [Jadakiss] Work wit me I wanna thank y'all fa comin out Tonight Dis iz sum reel' shit Ah--hah [Jadakiss] First things first When a nigga money ain't right That makes things worst Now he's just breathing he can barely manage And he's way past starvin He's really famished His right-hand man is up north, that's hurtin em His cellphone bout to cut off, spring jerkin em And his baby moms startin to do her thing again She left him for a nigga pumpin e up in Binghamton If his money is right than maybe he can diss her But he can't, and niggaz is breakin his little sister His pops just past His mom use to be an occasional sniffer Then she started fuckin with the gas Dude use to be a star back then He had the benz CL something But he just turned his car back in Mad carrots pawned all his rings Took this thing next thing I know Money pawned all his bling Now he just like everybody With the same old plans That can't get over the hump With the same old grams They was on the block making fun of him He slid off came back with his hammer and killed everyone of em [Hook] Cause when I come through clear it out Play the sideline and observe how a real nigga air it out When I come through clear it out Play the sideline and observe how a real nigga air it out When I come through clear it out Play the sideline and observe how a real nigga air it out When I come through clear it out Play the sideline and observe Me and B.I go man to man I know niggaz with an asshole Full of parole that go hand in hand Fuck hot thats humidity And you can't mix money with stupidity Even though I get my coke from Columbia My cars from Germany And my guns from Sicily Nothin personal but I was raised different Hold my joint sideways so I blaze different Give it to anybody fuck an age difference From those in the world to those in the ca**** Rub the kite on your chest and swallow the stamp At the end of the day they still gonna follow the champ It ain't about being lyrical Cause when I get in the booth I make miracles and I ain't stared at you But I'm in tune with the hood so I'm better than you And when you see me comin you know what is better to do [Hook] [Jadakiss] Can't lie all I got is my balls and my vocals And the only security I roll wit is my social It don't look decent It's like niggaz left they crew in the hood And went on the rode with the presint Had it up to here with this fake shit They don't even want a nigga to earn his Just give and take shit Just make sure you mention my name in da top brackets And make sure you mention your name as the top faggot Trust me this go around I will not have it I putin niggaz heads to bed like crapmadics How you think your man died More money than respect And it wasn't close it was by a landslide Listen my nigga your work is sloppy And I don't love them hoes but the purple got me If I don't don't do it with music I'ma do it wit poppy Just play the sideline and observe and watch me Let's go [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Eminem, Sheek, Styles P Album: Kiss of Death Song: Welcome to D-Block Typed by: master-luke@arcor.de * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] [Jada] This is my livelyhood [Em] That you fuckin with [Jada] AhhhhH!!!! This is it right here baby Hahaha No more hatin in the world [Em] Haha [Jada] You know It's gonna be what its gonna be [Em] RUFF RYDERS [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Jadakiss] Place where ain't no body that proud, its a fuckin black cloud That got people under the impression they can act wild Workin around though, see if you can pull a trigger on the pound yo Wild men is flappin the whole town though Lot is assumin a niggaz salary More lies than truth definatly more rumors than reality Only way you beatin a body is a technicality Other than that catch em and clinton on a gallery The determination and dedication of disipline Listenin and catchin the jewels you was missin And they still doin coward shit You know the haters gonna always be heavy but the love overpowers it Somethin in the air but the older they get They kill you quicker over a girl than over a brick We don't play with the lizards, we make phrases up and say I'm exquisite Anytime you can pay us a visit [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the might mighty D Block A place in New York City where Diddy won't even walk Its D Block, the part of yonder where I wouldnt be caught Without two pistols on me that'll be cocked in each pocket D Block don't even stop to talk, you just keep walkin Stick up kids every block who walks with that free op- -Portunity, as soon as you leave out that jewelry shop And you won't even notice your mind will be so preo- -Ccupied on that new watch you just copped You won't even see that ride pull up along side you You'll be shot fore you even realize you were spied over three blocks D Block the place where gees get knocked, locked up Get out come home for a week and get re-knocked You don't even see cops, hiphop police don't even stop On D Block, where everybody wants to be Pac And you can get popped over the new G Unit reboks [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Sheek Louch] If you bust and your gun got niggaz on the run And you rep where you from nigga you D Block And you try to come home and your pockets is light as a cup They don't give a fuck, you D Block Aiyo bang bang nigga, let's get it on Homies been a monster, but its worst now that my son been born And every nigga where I be, I put in work for free It's D Block mothafucka, ayo grab this P [Styles P] Welcome to D Block, a place where lil niggaz is killaz And the mother's raisin a son That turns into Gorillaz And the hallways is pissy as hell, all we do is get bigger More ignorant, you send us to jail, my niggaz shoot anything that'll move Sell drugs, from the rise to the sun to the fall of the moon I'd die the way I stand With my man if I can when the shells come This is D Block ya'll welcome [Chorus - Eminem] Welcome to D Block, the city of broke down dreams With things ain't always peachy keen as they seem City of dope dealers, killers, pimps, pushers Pin handlers Hustlers and doped out fiends The sun don't shine here, in this part of town But we all got a town that's similar to this too Cuz every cities got a ghetto and every ghetto got a hood Take a good look around you cuz there's a D Block near you [Outro] Ruff Ryders! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles P Album: Kiss of Death Song: Kiss of Death Typed by: richy_b69@hotmail.com This should be played at high volume (aha) Preferably in a residential area [Jadakiss] Uh, I learnt the game I know what I want and I'm in it My time is now and it's gonna be up in a minute You look a nigga in the eye you can tell if he tinted These fake rappers gettin by with these hell of a gimmicks They act like it's all love only love is ya money So when over nigga are you a thug or a dummy I'm neither but I been hot so long it feels like I got a lifetime fever And I ain't gotta spit I could cough and still eat ya And fuck rap I make mills off reefer Im a man first tired of punchin niggaz So ima shoot niggaz cause my hands hurt And god I great guard your space One hand wash the other both wash the face And I head crack so much its hard to ace 38 revolver flow is hard to trace, wha [Styles P] (Jadakiss) Fuck that pop off till nuthin in the clip left (pop off) Till nobody in his click left (nobody) Holdin the head slash throw the split chest If they ask what happen (tell em it's the kiss of death) Hustle hard till none of them bricks left (nuttin left) Stick it up till not a crumb on the strip left (take that, take that) Make sure it ain't a chain or a chip left (uh-uh) If they ask wut happen (tell em it's the kiss of death) Tell em kiss (thug kiss of death) [Jadakiss] Yea yo, this is lox ville and even white America Let y'all negro's that jadas got skills You a jackass like Johnny noxville So I can just imagine how your pops feel Damn, and you ain't worth my shell So you can just imagine how the ox feel Alotta niggaz is thousandaires Walkin round town frontin like they got mills For what its worth I'm one myself But my strength in the hood outruns my wealth Still might catch kiss in some hot wheels New Bentley coup wit the stock wheels Haha, look how I get back to it Send my young niggaz to do it in a black Buick I don't spit bars I distribute the crack fluid All I'm really waitins for niggaz to act stupid [Jadakiss] Yea yo, to all my real niggaz sorry for keeping you waitin Its ironic but the god was beefin wit satan I love y'all though my niggaz for even relatin This ain't kiss talking either I'm speakin for Jason When u a problem its to keep em from hatin Niggaz jaws is like laws so easy to break em Cause if I wasn't on some shit I'm getting on it Come to me wit your hand out I'm spittin on it I don't wanna hear what happened Madda fact I don't even care what happened Might as well declare the clappin Cause my bones is old I got a lot of wear and tear from scrappin Hate a nigga that ain't never there to see shit but always hear what happened The only thing better than money is respect No love this time nigga Kiss of death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Kiss of Death Song: I'm Going Back Typed by: jonnyg89@hotmail.com [CHORUS: Nesha] I'm going back to the way (yeah) The way I used to be (uh-huh) I got no love for these niggas (naw) Cause they ain't got love for me (uh-uh) I'm going back to the way (yeah) The way I used to be (uh-huh) With no love for these niggas (naw) Cause they ain't got love for me yeah (uh, yeah) [VERSE 1: Jadakiss] Yo I don't go to church much but I need him a lot And the ryde is ruff that's why I got D on my block So you can't even get it less I give it to you hard And everybody don't get it then some niggas get a nod I done brung niggas shopping Brung niggas touring Those with high bails came home by the morning Kept niggas with Nikes on niggas lights on Not on no sucka shit trying to make it right for them Then you try to show ‘em shit The average nigga don't appreciate nothing so All that shit is over with Entourage light up more shooters than fighters People that's there to work stead is there to divide us No more royalties, loyal fees The less headaches it is More for me I'ma grown man It took me a minute to figure out My career is in my own hand [CHORUS: Nesha] I'm going back to the way The way I used to be I got no love for these niggas Cause they ain't got love for me I'm going back to the way (uh-huh) The way I used to be (uh) With no love for these niggas (naw) Cause they ain't got love for me yeah [VERSE 2: Jadakiss] Yo, as far as the industry goes Everybody's a foe Only a friend when they want you to flow I done came straight off the plane into another mans session And spit pain and ain't charge him a thing Had to make my line of respect real thinner Started getting real hungry I needed a real dinner Sin whoever you want, I'm kissing them all Did a track with everybody except Mr. Shakur To me a plaque ain't nothing But some shit for the wall And I ain't hating on the people who got ‘em I got a lot of ‘em But I don't got the money they got So I ain't proud of ‘em I'm proud of me Cause only I can get the guts out of me (what) [CHORUS: Nesha] I'm going back to the way (yeah) The way I used to be I got no love for these niggas (naw) Cause they ain't got love for me (uh) I'm going back to the way (uh-huh) The way I used to be (yeah) With no love for these niggas (naw) Cause they ain't got love for me yeah [VERSE 3: Jadakiss] Even though I'm strong The bullshit still be penetrating It ain't nothing personal ya'll I'm just ventilating It was starting to make me tense How I put a dent in the game And came back to make more dents More than one hand on the gun Just makes more prints The older I get The Bible starts to make more sense When I drive by and give you the horn I ain't flip, I'm just handling my business And keeping it going Instead of pieces, I'm getting the lumps for real for real And get a nigga ass like I did from the jump Cause usually a problem would help And you always gonna need somebody But all you got is yourself that's why [CHORUS: Nesha] I'm going back to the way The way I used to be I got no love for these niggas Cause they ain't got love for me I'm going back to the way The way I used to be With no love for these niggas Cause they ain't got love for me yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Sheek Album: Kiss of Death Song: The Champ is Here (Time's Up Remix) Typed by: richy_b69@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist And I'm nice like B.I.G. is I'm the greatest of all time I'ma say it just like Ali did The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here (The Evil Genius) The champ is here (Aha) The champ is here (Yea, D-Block motherfuck) The champ is here (Kiss what up my nigga) The champ is here [Sheek] (Jadakiss) Fuckin wit the champion (you already know) (J-A-D-A, kiss the game goodbye) You fuckin wit the champion (you already know) [Jadakiss] Niggaz know the champ is in here He took it from crack to rap, now he put out two anthems a year And I just wanna rock for a century And then chase the book wit the documentry If you cant do nothing other than flow Life's a bitch like the mother from blow, lets go Don't make me put your heart on your lap Fuck ridin a beat nigga, I parallel park on a track Hop out looking crispy, fresh and new In a six but it's a BM and its Pepsi blue And I don't know you But I know a man becomes a man from all the shit that he go through Y'all ain't fuckin wit Jason After I cash in there's really no justification Of how I'm gon change tha game So don't get outta line cause this little nine will change your frame Motherfucka, aha The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here [Jadakiss] Y'all never gon touch the kid (kiss of death) They gon have to get me at the top Y'all never gon touch the kid (gangsta kiss) No love this time nigga, kiss of death Yo I ain't got time to be up here lyin to you Just make sure y'all niggaz feel what we tryin to do If I fuck up then it's on me Besides that it is what it is and that's what it just gon be Blowin my purple, wish you would go in my circle If you know my record is clean, you know I'ma merk you I live like a warrior do without screamin true story, niggaz know my story is true The cribs, the cars, the jury, the spots I got The money that pass my hand and the rocks I chop The ammo, the artillery, the knifes I bought Waking up sore the next day from fights I fought In the hood cuz I fuck wit the thugz Tryin to figure out, why the money never added up to the love Gun in my waist, dutch in my hand And I don't do a lot of talkin, I listen as much as I can The champ is here (aha) The champ is here (yea) The champ is here (that's right) The champ is here [Sheek] (Jadakiss) Fuckin wit the champion (you already know) (J-A-D-A, kiss the game goodbye) You fuckin wit the champion (you already know) Y'all never gon touch the kid (kiss of death) They gon have to get me at the top Y'all never gon touch the kid (gangsta kiss) No love this time nigga, (tell em kiss) The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here The champ is here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Sheek Louch) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Lies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*click-bang*} {*rapid automatic gunfire*} [Sheek Louch] Stop frontin, aiyyo [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] Lies, rumors, rumors, lies Bricks, bundles, birds, pies Murders, Bentleys, mansions, chill Niggaz'll fuck with you still [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo fuck it nigga buck it nigga what'chu waitin for? Him to get into his car and cock back the four? Nah nigga, I ain't tryin to be up on the 4th floor of any hospital, lay him down before even score Man up nigga, get out and stand up nigga That's too small? Take this one it's a lil' bit bigger Matter of fact c'mon, let's go in the store and get a beer When we walk past each other, turn and pop him in his ear What'chu shakin for killer? Ain't yo' ass a Guerilla? I can't hear you, screw this fool, let's get us a chinchilla There he go, see that nigga leanin on the sign? I'ma ask him for a light, you go and snuff him from behind Lay him down, take his coat, put it in his spine Leave him dead so he can't identify the line Ready nigga? What'chu mean chill? You told me it was real where you from, and you get down with the steel And you ain't got a problem doin no time in jail Right? C'mon let's keep goin I heard this soft nigga had a spot, he keep mucho dough in So much coke all around, you might think it's snowin But we gotta move fast, cause this kid'll blast And put somethin kinda heavy in yo' mask Keep shit tight, motherfucker is you ready to fight? What'chu mean, let you out at the light? Oh shit {Don't push the Mario man!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (J-Hood & Jadakiss) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Gator Ent. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*bang, bang, bang*} [J-Hood] J-Hood, this shit is way too easy for me man (f'real) I swear I need to find somethin else to do (that's word) Your man Hood'll critical your boy condition (yeah!) Toss him in the pond & let him get discovered by some old men fishin You out of your jurisdiction, 'bout to get dealt with I put my life on this, chump you ain't never felt this (never) I'm 'bout to pop like a balloon full of boilin water Cause I'm the nicest nigga out, and I'm callin on the Lord to give y'all help because y'all sure need it Cause I'm the best nigga out, so what I'm conceited (J-Hood) Believe it, like a person bein cloned in front of you Or like 15 armed predicate felons gunnin you You sunnin who? You must be fuckin with that white shit (bitch) Five-oh need to smack yo' ass with a nightstick (brrrap) J-Hood bitch, boy I came to claim my spot Collect a couple M-I-L-L's and flame the block (D-Block) Muh'fucker! [Jadakiss] Ah-HA! Gator Entertainment! Light up wodies Gator Entertainment, ah-HA! Can't let this money get by me The game don't change, it stays the same, niggaz just get grimy Bricks in the ceiling, pounds in the floor I done seen a lot and heard even more Yeah okay enough with the war stories Big niggaz is too small for me, get off of me And I don't hit the gym or the park But I put a bullet, right under your brim with the lark Lil' goldfish niggaz can't swim with the shark Bring it, yeah, I even get it in with the narcs I got a bigger heart, I throw bigger darts They call me the engine the way I make niggaz start Stashin, hatin, bashin Slander a nigga whole name with passion Able to get my hands on 'caine, a great portion Then I switched out to purple cause they talkin Where you want it at, your head or your throat You see a nigga true colors over federal notes It's better you loc', fishin trip gone wrong I don't know nuttin, they just found him dead on the boat Meanwhile I was skiin, gettin head on the slopes I'm a boss baby, all I do is measure the dope Every day of the weak heat crystal, fuck that The green make a nigga do a whole 360 That boy 'Kiss'll burn you; same boots, same jeans All I do is switch up thermals By far I'm the nicest (nicest) You don't ride the track right, they oughta revoke your license You wanna get on son, you need to ask me As far as Y.O., as far as the whole East As far as the whole streets (woo) I spit like a old beast It's all-out war, it's no peace And I'm a serious threat And y'all in serious trouble, cause I ain't take it serious yet One {Hey Mario!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Styles P & Tre Williams) Album: Peer Pressure Song: I-95 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {What is this?} [Styles P] I-95 baby Keep rollin Let's go Tre, it's your turn daddy Rollin down I-95 (rollin) damn near crash Daydreamin I got cash in my eyes (cash in my eyes) Need to pull it over, put some gas in the ride (gas in the ride) Get some air fresheners and not, pass 65 (not pass 65) Need to make it there to make it back (make it back) Thinkin that, "We Gon' Make It" have faith in that (faith in that) Rollin down I-95 (uh-huh) know I'm dead wrong (dead wrong) But I'm stayin headstrong cause I'm tryin to survive (tryin to survive) [Tre Williams] I came from nothin tryin to beat these streets Lord knows that's the only way I knew to eat I tried, I tried, I tried that 9 to 5 But minimum wage is just no way for a young black man to survive [Chorus One: Tre Williams] But the game is getting harder, and life is getting deeper And I don't see no way out, and I can't see no statehouse But my money's getting shorter, and my will is getting weaker And I don't see no way out, so hustling's my escape route [Chorus Two: Tre Williams] Now I'm rollin down I-95, livin my life And all I wanna do is just shine Y'all don't hear me, no Roll down I-95, livin my life Cause all I know to do is just grind Do y'all feel me? [Tre Williams] I copped, I cooked, I bagged, I did whatever it took Knowin that this can't last forever, I want my children livin better I pray, I pray, I pray someday this all will end No more lookin over my shoulders, and no more buryin my friends [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Styles P] Rollin down I-95 Hopin that the troopers don't look at my ride (uh-uh) Thought about the game when I was cookin my pies Looked at my kids, then I looked at my wife I don't wanna keep hustlin for too long (uh-uh) But I don't wanna keep strugglin, it's too wrong (damn) Lookin at the stash, one trip and it's on Now I gotta leave, hit the whip and I'm gone Now you know everything is ill on the streets Needless to say that my will's gettin weak Money gettin short and my life gettin deep Plus I got bills from my head to my feet (bills) Now somebody say a prayer with the God And I don't wanna spend another day in the yard (nah) Why play the game if the game gettin hard? But we still on I-95 and we rollin so hard [Tre Williams] (Keep hustlin!) I can't keep hustlin, for the rest of my life (Keep hustlin!) I can't keep hustlin, for the rest of my life (Keep on hustlin!) I can't keep hustlin, for the rest of my life (Keep hustlin!) I can't keep hustlin, for the rest of my life (Keep on hustlin!) [Chorus Two] w/ ad libs to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Sheek Louch) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Beautiful Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*gunshot*} {Hey Mario} {Easy!} [Sheek Louch] D-Block, Vinny... Idol Let's go Uhh, uhh, uhh Hey yo "Walk Witt Me," still got the hawk with me But tonight I'm not usin it, gun not shootin it Feel good, it's nice outside Put your seat back, let's go for a ride You know where I'm headed first, 3-5-4 Hop out, send somebody to the liquor store Might even cop a dutch, who got haze? And I don't even smoke but today I'm ready to blaze Then I'm headed to Warburton in front of the store Get some cuffs for my niggaz then, drink some more Then I gotta go through the hole, you know what I'm sayin? Plus basketball started and my niggaz is playin Then I might go to Mount V to check my dawgs See who's out on the ave, hop out the Nav' It's just a beautiful day Sun is out, and I ain't even have to use my AK (HEY!) Listen [Chorus: repeat 2X] White tees, white Airs fit beautifully Benz Coupe, rims spinnin, Jake hatin me But that's my life ("my life, my life, my life, MY LIFE") my life In the sunshine ("In the sunshine! .. Everybody loves the sunshine!") [Sheek Louch] Uhh, that's enough, niggaz gotta see some bitches now Next stop, Sheek headed to the Boogie Down Straight to Fordham, it's 20 to one I can't wait to bust off and I ain't talkin my gun I see mami with her kids, still lookin good Keep your head up mama, even though you still in the hood Then I'm off to Dykeman & Post, back to Broadway Dominican mamis, they out there all day I sign a autograph, make mami laugh Ask her did she ever take a Crist' bubble bath I cop a mixtape and cruise through the Boogie Down I'm on Broadway, GOTTA go to Harlem now I can't forget my sisters, my queens You beautiful things - word up Cause it's a beautiful day Sun is out, and I ain't even have to use my AK (HEY!) Listen [Sheek Louch] Yeah.. yeah.. yo, uhh I'm on the Westside of 1-2-5th by Jimbo's Cop a turkey burger, that's where everybody goes Or I might cop some Timbs Pull over, let my mans and them hit my rims Good lookin here's a hundred, nah I don't want nuttin back Take that home to your family, don't smoke that black I see a whole pack of shorties right in front of the mart Some dark, some redboned, where do I start? There go Kay Slay right in front of Paulo Express Still holdin shit down, big crown on his chest See them Ruff Ryder bikes in the street, liftin it Everybody chillin, nobody thinkin about killin Little kids wearin D-Block tees And all day I ain't even hear a shot, or one cop yell freeze Heh, it's a beautiful day Sun is out, and I ain't even have to use my AK (HEY!) Listen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Styles P) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Styles Freestyle #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*gunshot*} {Forget about it Mario!} [Styles P] Better let these lil' niggaz know _Time is Money_, I'm back You want beef anybody just call my name In the streets S.P. in the hall of fame Been the hardest nigga out mad years in a row Tell your bitch you ain't a pimp, you really a hoe It's funny how you bluffin them suckers Only time S.P. is with the cops is in cuffs muh'fuckers And you should listen up the first moment I spoke Act up and get shot through your clothing or coat And now that we back to the hoodies Extra clips in the footies, have niggaz lookin "Damn how could he?" Leave them niggaz lookin like that And they ain't no gangsters, they ain't in Queens or Brooklyn like that Heard niggaz made it big time, no lookin back Me I'm in the streets of Y.O. You would think I'm fucked up too how I creep and ride slow Then I hit Harlem and the Heights Got a play dyke before the night (whattup dogs) White M-6 blue pipin lookin right (aight) I ain't scared of shit bitch this is my life - get it? If a nigga steal my chain I feel his pain But I'ma peel the whole block 'til they squeal his name S.P. don't play that shit Ask your boss to try me, you won't okay that shit Niggaz say it's your girl I lay that bitch Headcracks since we been layin on ADAT bitch Lil' nigga I been O.G. I go broke in New York I got cash in a crib OT And I'ma bring the pain like a toothache Last thing I saw was his boot shake, I'm makin the roof break I get up in your mouth like toothpaste I'm dark like Batman, this big gun is makin you Two Face Get it? Motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (J-Hood & Sheek Louch) Album: Peer Pressure Song: What Up Bitch? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "What's goin onnnn?" "It's hot today man!" [Sheek Louch] Woo! Aiyyo Hood let's talk to these bitches (BE-OTCH!) Aiyyo - don't fuck the night up nigga, light up nigga Kinda tired but my dick gettin right up nigga Aiyyo shorty whattup ma, you fuckin or what? Whattup with your crew, they look good - they suckin or what? Bitch c'mere (c'mere ma) I ain't tryin to be startin But I'm tryin to bust off 'til your mouth look like kindergarten Ass up, lips hangin, pussy fartin Uhh, Sheek nastier than caca I'm tryin to put my meat up into mami like {?} to Popeye (How you say that shit?) Sheek be feelin titties like a plastic doctor (Woo!) I done fucked a couple at times I done bust all in the face of a perfect dime I even fell asleep twisted off Cuervo and lime Woke up, and I was on the child like Shyne Pancakes, all that, I ain't got love for these bitches I swear it be rare if I call back Wake up with 'em, I put dick in 'em Send 'em for some ice and let the doorknob hit 'em (get out bitch) Some 'gnac and a dutch, and I swear I forget 'em I don't pass the haze, I don't know who you sucked And I don't eat pussy, I don't know who you fucked (Aiyyo that's that bitch right there?) (Yo that's her right there yo) [Chorus: Sheek Louch] Aiyyo yo yo, that's that lil' bitch I was lookin for I ain't know she live right here on the 5th floor Tell her come over here, I'ma pull over there (What up bitch, what up bitch) Aiyyo, that's that lil' bitch I was lookin for I ain't know she live right here on the 5th floor Tell her come over here, I'ma pull over there (What up bitch, what up bitch) [J-Hood] Aiyyo, pass the dutch and pass a nigga some tequila And I'ma hit that bitch with the strokes of death I ain't gotta G her (hold that) Cum better than I spit, I do it cause that's what I'm good at When I'm beatin it up, they always ask me where the Hood at Got my pimp game strong, and my dick Kane long I ain't even gon' lie, ain't no need for that thong I'm a back shot specialist, believe me I'm nice But the only thing Hood gon' eat is a slice I'm tryin to give a bitch the pipe, on top of a Carrera To be honest with you Louch, I'm tryin to see Ciara Where the freaks at, I heard they come out at night But I done scooped plenty broads in the morning and got right I'm just tellin you what I'm capable of Boo why don't you deep throat my man meat while I break up this dub I break backs, break gats, kill tracks and get scrilla So if you want good dick bitch holla at a nigga (What up bitch, what up bitch) {*8X*} BE-OTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Straw & Styles P) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Guns Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Hey Mario!} [Styles P] Straws let's go nigga Vinny Idol on the track [Straw] Aiyyo I tell niggaz blow me quick Fuck the best bulletproof my tints, window down when my Ruger spit Yeah you fuckin with a Arliss nigga One in the head, 16 in the cartridge nigga And, you can have a team but regardless nigga You might fuck with e'rybody else but not this nigga Cause I heat the beef up like Foreman's Plus I let the streetsweeper Air niggaz out like Jordans Catch me in the lot with D-Block gorillas For green I tie you up 'til God cut off your fingers The mausberg handle give 'em brain contusions Two trey slugs do the brain removin I don't give a fuck about a D, ask P Straw run in your house a quarter past 3 Straw run at the house with all your crack ki's Just for the love of my niggaz, you other cats bleed [Chorus: Straw] Guns up, foes down Straw and the Ghost when it goes down, vest and a fo'-pound We don't give a fuck about the law when we blast off Get the cash, do the dash with the masks off [Styles P] So all y'all blow my cock No security, the show don't stop It's goin down then the fo' gon' pop Yeah you fuckin with a cocky nigga Run up your face like them steps on Rocky nigga And you gon' need a mask like a hockey nigga Might fuck with e'rybody else but not me nigga Cause I hold up your paper like thumbtacks And I got knife game like Jigga, retire and come back Catch me comin through with Team Arliss nigga For green I leave blood on the carpet nigga And you can't get it up, with a stain remover The four-four long is the brain remover I don't give a fuck about the law, ask Straw Most rappers is whack and got a glass jaw Load up the gun, I show you what the mask for (I'll show you) D-Block bitch, that's niggaz that blast fours [Straw] Aiyyo Straw be in your house with his guns drawn The nine milli fire 'til I'm sure that a lung gone Try and do the stealth work, settin the car bomb Detonators target activatin the cell phone It's Arliss, we be in the hood puttin work in daily Meditate with the Ghost 'til my eyes is hazy Red Jag convertible, black 380 Intentions to murder get the cash and I'm Swayze Lost in the virgin Isle, never see a day of trial Do away with the witness, be a man girl or child Ain't a soul seperatin Straw from his profits Frustrated when it's on I'm the one with the rockets I don't give a fuck about a D, ask P Until I'm buried in shells, I'm where the cash be Probably buried in L's, the haze and hash weed Need more than forensics, tryin to catch me - it's on {*gun blast*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Styles P & Tre Williams) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Survivor Typed by: OHHL Webmaster DJ Flash {I told myself fuhgeddaboutit} {Mario, take it easy!} [Styles P] Yo, my nigga Poobs on the track I'm S.P. the Ghost We'd like to welcome you, motherfucker To this thing of ours Our life is complex nigga We the best in the worst position (Yeah, figure that out, hahaha) Get at me nigga Yo; I'm from a place where your man'll shoot ya Jails ganged out, but some niggaz is neutral Coke price rise, watch shit get crucial Niggaz think they Bishop and I don't mean Tutu Cause even when it's sunny it's cloudy They ain't gettin money so they bummy and rowdy Wanna kill you, you come through in your Audi Shit is like this from Yonkers to Mount V Some niggaz'll count ki's, get knocked rat and bounce free What part of the game is a game without G's Drive through New York with a few blunts Tryin to get paid, they put a new car out every two months You can get popped if you want Come through the venue, you on the menu cause we on a food hunt Still lettin off my two pumps Dump reload, dump reload, fuck is it you want? [Chorus: Tre Williams] If you see what I see, or if you be where I'm from Then you know how hard it is, just to survive out here (it's so hard) If you see what I see, or if you be where I'm from Then you know how hard it is, just to survive out here [Styles P] Where I'm from ain't no fuckin pretending Frontin like you rich, gettin hit for the pendant Clip look small then you better extend it I said you got money, now you gotta defend it Niggaz sell drugs cause the fiends is dependant Sittin on the blocks 'til the cops come and end it Jungle is concrete and wild but I bow to Allah beat Some don't get to they car keys Hit from the P-2000 from them niggaz in Mark 3's All I do is spark trees, bag and cart ki's Press on the uzi, bullets longer than sharpeis And I'm tryin to hit you where your head and your heart be What? [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P] I ain't got time to daydream (hell nah) Reppin my home, hold to the chrome, you the away team Catch me pullin off in the Celine Chick from Beijing, think about my niggaz that's caged in Light blunts everywhere, any occasion Stash coke money in my checkings and savings Five blunts, two drinks just for the cravings I don't even duck when the weapons is waving I don't give a fuck, I've accepted my way's end Styles didn't do it, I just gave it to David He don't give a fuck, he'll cock it and blaze it You just came home you get touched with the razors Bitch it was all so simple Somethin real big pointed at yo' temple Coke and the cash, give up that info (where's it at) Be a smart man so, you can make it to yo' kinfolk [Chorus] - 2X w/ ad libs {Forget about it Mario} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Styles P & T. Waters) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Who's Dat? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Hahaha, OWWWWWW! We just keep smokin and smokin and smokin Hehehe, I enjoy myself! I eventually expect to fall out one of these days But fuck it... whattup? M-I-double-L-I-O-N's Got cash, can't trust some of my old friends Niggaz ain't walk this path of my old Timbs Let me find out it's my lawn that there's potholes in Cause P ain't Posdonus, smoke blunts like a rasta Hold uzis in a mobster suit The Bugati got ostrich seats, my gosh I'm loose Pick up 50 G's a morning with my orange juice Now, you don't know me and you don't want to Cause - six in the mornin, I'm comin to hunt you Give it a little time, I have the country sewed Cause I did more dirt than a country road Frankly I don't give a damn like, Humphrey Bog' 20 bricks, 50 pounds that's my monthly load Nigga watch the pump explode, you can jump if you want But I'ma dump 'til I ran the globe (c'mon) [Chorus: T. Waters] Who's that makin that God damn noise? That's S.P., Waters and them D-Block boys Don't worry 'bout a scrap daddy, we pop toys So don't go fuckin with them D-Block boys Now now now who that makin that God damn noise? That's S.P., Waters and them D-Block boys Don't worry 'bout a scrap daddy, we pop toys So don't go fuckin with them D-Block boys [T. Waters] Street dreams consist of triple beams A vest'll connect with the best for red seams A M-16 for fiends with heavy habits Why wait on him when Waters already have it? Spread to the West, started with petty traffic Get a gassy nigga ass and dead him with some matches Now he ashes, no need for a casket Fuckin bastard, I'm the greatest, young Cassius Squeeze first or get hit 'til your knees hurt And do top {?} free work on your t-shirt Usually with bitches I start with the beat first But I'ma show these niggaz that beef hurt Now now now, I stay true to my tattoos One life to live, forgive me T. Waters a fool I used to sell weed, half quarters at school Put some bread on his head, I'll slaughter the dudes, ya heard? [Styles P] You don't wanna be in the coma Fuckin with this Ruff Ryder artist, D-Block owner Any liquor I drink I chase with Coronas Rap so hard niggaz tryin to clone us Needed a Ghost Rider you just shoulda phoned us You really ain't gangster cause you been woulda showed us Whattup homey, whattup cuz I keep a orange boxcutter and I don't cut up rugs Mad beef jumpin off is what a whattup does If I felt like the vibe was wrong, that's my word 12 gauge mausberg, your side is gone Now some of y'all is joinin, some of y'all retirin You need a hit man, I'm the one for hirin (call me) I keep the dutch and the gun, still firin Watch out for niggaz, cause feds got 'em wired in First second third and fourth, I hear si-rens {*gunshot and gunfire*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Styles P) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Styles Freestyle #2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {I told myself forget about it, Mario - take it easy!} [Styles P] Yeah, whattup three times? _Time is Money_ niggaz Truly believe that Play your feet, no sleep lil' nigga don't lie down It's real when the beef don't die down Me I gotta eat, I keep the heat, so picture me high clown I don't give a fuck, ride later or ride now - keep it on the waist Let a nigga jump, I'll have him leakin from the face and put a beatin on the case Niggaz in the hood might hate me But they don't try shit cause them 38's ain't got no safeties S dot, P dot, D-Block Dolo at the juice bar, weed spot, came with the heat cocked Seat low, black Crown Vic', let the beat knock Deep thoughts, ride through New York, who got the streets locked You can tell your man I'll smoke ya Rap's Alejandro Sosa, hang you from the helicopter Hoppin in the Yukon with the tanned out sofas I only eat seafood And when I look at these rappers I see seafood I heard y'all don't give a fuck niggaz, me too We can meet up the bill, matter fact we can meet up to kill And to niggaz from crosstown we can meet up the hill Second album is comin I'm expectin the hate But I'm the same S.P. so the weapons is placed And I don't press charges I'm the type of nigga that'll hop out the garbage Dressed in camouflage like I came out the forest Four in the Taurus Cause everybody singin like the court need a chorus I'm tired of the games, blowin niggaz brains out the frame Point blank put it short get a florist, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Sheek Louch) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Sheek Louch Freestyle #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*bang, bang*} [Sheek Louch] Yeah, Poobs whattup nigga? Sheek Louch, new album comin son, _After Taxes_ {*tires squealing*} Fucked up Aiyyo, fuck that nigga, send him to the funeral home Let a couple of them hot things sit in his dome Let his family stand over him singin a poem When I pull out and I bust my chrome Girl or boy, I put it your neck like Troy And I don't let bums beat me, I'm not like Roy I'm a cut somethin off of your bitch-ass Nice and easy, I'ma get the beef over quick fast You muh'fuckin right, it's goin down tonight And I'm stressed, yo Poobs let me get the vest Graveyard, I ain't workin with a lot of rest Just crack addicts and mathematics And I don't mean science or One World Alliance Sheek use the iron like a household appliance I'm the hardest nigga, I don't need a major I can go indie like The Artist nigga And get paper out the ass Throw the deal in the bag and drive the red GT out the glass Hood all smashed, diesel and hash Itchy trigger finger, I'm startin to get a rash Y'all can fuck off, or bust that off Your little-ass guns 'bout as loud as a cough Sheek Louch spit for them niggaz up North Shank wavin, misbehavin Two treys blowin powder for the shit they blazin Two AK's 'n, one revolver I've been workin at hustlin as long as your father Y'all lil' niggaz don't even bother You ain't got no juice; you like a cell phone without the charger I don't come half-assed I come home with a big bag of jewelry, other half cash Mean whiplash, plenty of horses Fuck it if I crash, I take my losses Sheek Louch nigga, accounts got bigger But I ain't gon' retire, no disrespect Jigga I'ma keep flowin 'til there's no more dough Or I'm sick in the bed and my voicebox go Motherfucker! YEAH! {Whatdja do that for?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block (Sheek Louch) Album: Peer Pressure Song: Sheek Louch Freestyle #2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*click-click, BANG*} [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo; I ain't Ma$e but fuck it I'm back again - baby Them hood niggaz know I got crack again - baby Chillin I ain't even been practicin - baby But it's time to load the muh'fuckin mag again - aiyyo baby I ain't heard nuttin yet that get me out my seat Mixtape niggaz callin like they ran out of heat They want (shit) that make niggaz get on the bar and do 20 (Shit) that make niggaz go in the street and get money Like Hot 97 I'll be callin you Sonny I've been spittin back when your nose was still runny (lil' nigga) These pussy-ass niggaz all scared to death While I watch, sit calm like Red & Meth Clap off at a nigga, 'til it ain't no breath If I don't hear shells droppin, it ain't none left I met a lot of real niggaz in time, I ain't gon' lie It's only a handful that I met that can rhyme Everybody else in my cool Big linky young boys in the game, like Kareem Abdul Niggaz better stay calm, I'ma leave that jewel Sheek worse than that bully, that you meet after school And I don't give a fuck what you think doggie Go across the street and play around with your walkie talkie Get me a butter roll and a cup of coffee I'm tryin to do graveyard and shake this monkey Ahh! Yeah yeah the God is here I feel love like when niggaz brought A-Rod here The iPod here, hundreds of songs Niggaz love me in the hood I'm like compared to Wongs Muh'fucker! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: The MC Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Kings lose crowns, teachers stay intelligent That's what KRS said The Ghost nigga, time is money Double R, D-Block Poobs let's go If it's beef better move on nigga, or get shot in the head Or trucked over by the UConn nigga (trucked over) Touch me, lose two arms, nigga you might think you hot You dead wrong, you just lukewarm nigga I'm colder than the ice in the freezer Butcher knife slice and you seize up 44 blunts, I got a right to amnesia Late night I'm pipin a diva All my niggaz hyper and eager In case I miss the hit the sniper'll leave ya This case it's better to give than be the receiver In the M-6 blowin the weed up Comin through the hood makin sure that it's G'd up I'ma I'ma hustler, you know that I read up My rap is like coke, so my shit stay ki'd up Y'all lil' niggaz new to the slums I'm from the spot where the dope move faster than the cougar'll run Come through with a chip, 22 in the bun Ask the streets who can spit an iller fluid than son Sheeit, nobody right? (Nobody) Kill you, you a nigga nobody like Fuck with me if you lookin for the rowdy type I get it buzzin with cousin Six dozen bullets skippin in the Audi right This is Styles nigga, I keep it comin like gunshots And you ain't said nuttin in the wild nigga You ain't said nuttin, what? Motherfucker Time is money nigga, that's all I'ma say Poobs we fuckin out, see you at the finish line The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Come Clean Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Yeah, yeah, Ghost, hah Feel the kid, y'know? Ghost in the Machine nigga, time to come clean nigga Wanna touch the kid bring your infrared beam nigga Got to stay far cause none of y'all is close to me Most of you niggaz is butter, you know I keep a toast with me New York is way gone, I'ma be the one to get it back Try to stop the kid and get, popped in your fitted hat More respect than money, but fuck it I can live with that Ride around in luxury, but be where the Civics at Smokin haze, sippin 'gnac, gimme love I give it back Ride or die, two guns up, you can get with that The rage make me evil with the gift I'm mixin up the haze with the diesel with the piff, it's lit And niggaz rap funny so to me they seem humorous I bet they really bounce when the body count is numerous (You gon' bounce then) And there's nuttin you can do with this It come to bein street, we the niggaz that been true to this You softer than a blouse up in Bloomingdale's You probably wouldn't know what to do in jail You a bitch so you'd probably get screwed in jail But fuck jail, we here now, bitch nigga you a frail It's been a long time since I shot somethin And if I put you on your back nigga you not frontin It's been a long time since I stabbed somethin And if I take your life away nigga you have nuttin What? Y'know Ghost, time is money Poobs I don't even feel like talkin I might as well fuckin be out, YEAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Beats to My Rhyme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] S.P. this where it started at, on the microphone? Rip a nigga, make him scream (Yeah Poobs, let's get him nigga) [Styles P] Beats to the rhyme, street full of crime Rap or the gat I got heat for your mind Beats what a nigga got asleep on your spine On the creep and the grind, rap the work or double up Hit you with a scar on your cheek, watch it bubble up Man pull the Hummer up, shoot any runner-up Real cool niggaz but we might fuck the summer up Niggaz wonder what I'm involved in See me all alone when I'm runnin in Harlem Bronx and Queens, fuck that I live life like I'm starvin You don't like me, fuck you nigga! I don't trust you, I cut you or bust you nigga I shoot up where you hustle nigga, fuck the program up Rob all your workers, cut yo' grams up You dealin with big niggaz or pig niggaz P don't give a fuck when it's time to jig niggaz (I don't give a fuck) You dig? Niggaz big Run up in the crib and wig niggaz and I don't mean fake hair You can bet that I'm goin, they said that there's cake there Might as well get them candles out; we ain't makin a wish We sayin a prayer cause I blammed you out - what? Guess who back? It's P with the P-91 38 Specials, the extra gat In the souped up Mirada nigga, extra black - what? You know You know who I am I'm that nigga! (Ghost) Poobs we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Ghost Stories, Part 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Ghost in the Machine! This part is the movie part, y'knahmsayin? Directed by me, produced by Vinny Idol Feel this motherfuckin movie Parts 3 and 4 comin soon You don't like me fuck you it's more than enough shots for ya Your man ridin wit'chu bet he gettin shot for ya I got some hand grenades nigga but they not for ya They for some other shit My man got robbed out of town and I told him I could cover it He younger than me and wilder than me He wanna kidnap a mother I said nigga you on some other shit Slow down young'n, we gon' get your revenge When the shit get real we got to go down gunnin Said he got a set of grenades he got from Jamaican niggaz Said he goin through there and e'rything and shake a nigga Nigga you buggin out We gon' get that money and the work back, then we gon' slug it out Slow down soldier, keep your composure Stay quiet and close, then strike like a cobra You can't attack now, they expectin you you pushy nigga Give it 2 weeks, and they gon' think you pussy nigga I guarantee you that they Eagles is big So we gon' show them niggaz how, evil we is And we don't give a fuck how diesel they is Cause they all break down when the Eagle get lit He young, get me thirsty but he listenin Plus he know my M.O. so I ain't bullshittin him Besides we was half on the work I get it he knock it off you do the math it could work But bein with the wrong driver on the wrong ride is guaranteed to get a fuckin passenger hurt shit You don't get it but you will in a minute Told shorty to come home and just chill for a minute It's been a long time we ain't build in a minute He been deep down South keepin it trill for a minute Now he back home, gettin his mack on 645i sittin on black chrome I'm thinkin to myself, damn shorty mature Got a hundred worth of ice, purple label velour We got a dutch and we blowin it in front of the store He asked how I was doin, who was in the studio Which hood niggaz was frontin, tryin to make a movie though Block still buggin out, told a nigga truly yo Fuck rap, I need to get a movie like Coolio Then he blurted out they got us for six figures Kicked down the door and he counted out 6 niggaz A bitch told him who did it, I told him the shit figures Gimme 2 weeks and just bring me the get-wit'er The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Pussy Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] This a Supa Mario and Poobs production I know that you pussy Cause you ain't the same if police is around nigga I know that you pussy - I know that you pussy Cause you ain't the same if police is around nigga Listen my niggaz, I ain't with all that riffin my niggaz Load 9 bullets and hit you, have you shittin my niggaz Niggaz bodies out New York but they lettin they mouths ride Been a long time since y'all been on the South side Y'all niggaz wanna count what we got, y'all niggaz industry Cornball I get most my shit from the block But it's funny I can switch up my watch, plus switch up my car Got a house in a real cool spot But you never gon' see me on "Cribs" I'm a criminal, can't let them grimy niggaz see where I live Cause they might kick in the door, lookin for the piff and the raw But all they gon' get's the fifth and the four "All Eyez on Me" like Mr. Shakur Knockin the Whispers in the Cadillac, sit on velour I adapt to my habitat, give me a four With a fully loaded clip, a bitch that drive stick that can roll a thai stick, definitely on some high shit Ma I'm 'bout to cut up this Yayo Bring 50 to the Bank then Buck at these a-holes But, I don't wanna blam they click They don't stand a chance and I'ma come cleaner like the dance to this shit Them niggaz aight, but tell Yayo to vamoose Let me set you, check you, 50 don't respect you On the radio he said your baby mom was a Deuce I was sittin on the bunk like damn he a punk Don't make me off niggaz y'all snitches is soft niggaz What? I'm just fuckin around wit y'all niggaz I ain't tryin to catch a case I know that you pussy, police is wit'chu Security or somethin, I ain't gon' risk it my niggaz Case you ever fell jumpy leave the cops at home though Y'know? ONE The Ghost, ha ha ha! I know that you pussy {M-M-Mario?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: In My Hood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Don't push the Mario man!" [Styles P] (In my hood) E'rybody sayin fuck 50 (fuck him) That he don't really want a buck fifty (uh-uh) Listen dawg, Banks ain't shit and Buck ain't shit (they ain't shit) By the way, as usual, suck my dick And the other nigga ain't worth nuttin (uh-uh) He ain't worth shootin, ain't worth countin to mention a nigga Catch 50 in the hood, we lynchin a nigga Heard Boy Wonder gay as a bird Did a porno with a man, nigga stay off the curb And by the way, I don't wanna fuckin hammer you niggaz I know James Cruz a rat and that's your manager nigga And birds of a feather, flock together Fly South for the winter get shot together (boom) It's a God damn shame what it's come to Got a bullet in his jaw guess 50 want, one in his tongue too But I ain't tryin to fuck with the Rat Unit Made 50 million, spent about ten on police And I ain't got that much but I can chill on the streets And I ain't tryin to get in the mood (uh-uh) Who you tryin to fake out, when the only thing you take out is food Nigga better look at your zip code I'll be in New York when I'm spittin that shit bro I ain't got a problem with lettin the fifth go Your men look like bitches, tell them niggaz start lettin your dick go You don't really want it with Ghost Your money long but my shit still stronger than dope, motherfucker Cowards, whattup nigga? (Yeah) How could you talk shit with police with you? (How?) Let's be serious Fall back nigga (fall back) I mean you sold ten million, you did it baby Fall back (word) This is real niggaz nigga Ain't no police over here nigga You must be fuckin sniffin coke in that mansion, fake-ass Scarface You shoulda tried to fuck with us, idiot Time is money Since you got so much money nigga Cop a million of my shits, and learn somethin Learn how to rap motherfucker, ONE Supa! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Soldier's Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Yo Poobs! Ghost.. Poobs turn me up my nigga Time is money, Double R D-Block, shit's real Nigga it's the Ghost off the M.B. I breathe off of liquor and weed and choose to be when the men sleep I don't even pray with my eyes closed Soulless screamin I know the demons, hide where the lies go Try to fall back, off the lyrics with mysticism Can't express myself, wild out and get shipped to prison Got a lot of shit I could say But it's kinda +Ludacris+ to make niggaz "get out the way" Kinda selfish if I make niggaz get out and spray Leave you helpless and the only thing you do is you pray, nigga Shit is God-made, or man-made and machine-made I don't want beef I want money, that's the green way The pride overpower the brain I won't die like a coward, muh'fucker I'm vain I'm a gangsta in the car in the dirt and the chains I've been hurt and in pain, and stood tall in this urban terrain But a man must admit to his faults, I know mine I'm the type that always wanna revolt (yeah) If I can't kill a nigga then I want an assault (yeah) Shit hard, just listen to the bars shit's makin ya {?} Some niggaz shiver and listen, no lie Close your eyes it's the bigger division Life or death nowadays is a nigga's decision, here's your jewels When you make yours, just make sure you make it on the move Nigga Yeah, Ghost, time is money Shit's not a game I ain't fuckin around Yo Poobs we out {Mario?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Man of the Men Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Yeah (yeah, D-Block) We ain't gon' talk this much this year, "Time is Money" nigga We'll talk "After Taxes" (Sheek Louch) There's a science to our shit nigga (you know this) We love each other muh'fucker We'll die for each other, shit is real muh'fucker {MARIO!!!} I'm from a place where they die for a dollar bill Some niggaz get rich, most niggaz just go to jail Niggaz in the hood, hit shit and they know it's real Either get, life or some dough for the blow you sell Which make me a hard fellow, paint the Benz the color of Caramellos Sky blue and dark yellow, chillin in Palm Meadows Tryin to get some M's in my hand Can't see the picture need to look again or get your camera a lens It's the game, who the fuck let the amateurs win I hit the wind, time to sin, pick my man up at ten He said P (whattup dawg) get the GT if you damaged the Benz It ain't the money it's respect that make me man of the men He said dollars is important to niggaz I told him holla let him earn it we extortin them niggaz (hahaha) Straight bodies, no slippin, no court for them niggaz Suck my dick, is the only words I offer them niggaz It's a new day and age, when I die throw {?} in my grave And tell my niggaz in the cage I wasn't able to save Sometimes the streets get the best out of men, they got a cell for you Crackers tryin to stretch out the pen, I go to hell for you See like the eyes on the pyramids They offer niggaz death, cause they see they got fear of it Shoot niggaz in the head cause it's just an experiment He said he was a thug to see his blood so they smearin it What? (D-Block nigga) Muh'fucker Shit is crazy (You know what time it is) Yeah (We ain't fuckin talkin too much this year) I'm starvin nigga (FUCK niggaz) It's my turn, "Time is Money" Poobs we out {Forget about it Mario} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Get Your Dream Smash Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Two guns up nigga And a vest nigga, Big Fonz comin at you nigga Think you a gangsta nigga? I eat you boy Spit you out and throw you back up nigga Quick turn the lights out 'fore you get your dreams smashed [Styles P] Let's go Poobs S.P. the gunfire is rapid And I don't talk on the phone just in case that the feds tap it Fuck with me, you a lame, it's plain the game backwards I'ma put your brain where your front doormat is With the pump or the 9-M-M P harder than jail and your time ain't end Yeah, it's the Ghost motherfucker Cop P's off a block close to Post motherfucker And I went to Broadway for coke motherfucker And the block close to Preston for the dope motherfucker And I can name spots that I robbed, work I put in Case you thought that I was not on the job Damn, you frontin for who nigga? Big Mike, Green Lan', Kay Slay or the Clue nigga Fuck it keep frontin cause the fans gon' believe you nigga 'Til a real nigga catch you then he leave you nigga Me I'm in the streets of New York, me and my gun Run up on P I'll shoot your shoes off Frontin nigga, pull your Coupe off Ice your watch out, floss stacks when they pullin them dice out Matter fact pop Crist', tell that bitch what your life 'bout Invite her to the studio to see what you write 'bout Sheeit, but I'll be comin round the corner nigga Two guns up, you a motherfuckin goner nigga Shit, I'ma show you how to wrong a nigga Write a nigga swish on his face, straight Nike a nigga Shit goin down when, P don't like a nigga You ain't really hard, you just fuckin actin hyper nigga What? (Yeah Poobs) The Ghost, I'm there nigga Time is money comin soon, feel what I'm tryin to do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Akon Album: The Ghost in the Machine Song: Believe It Typed by: ryanstewart50@hotmail.com [Styles P and Akon talking] what up Jon (testing one, two, three) what up Kon (convict music) lets go (can you believe it?) [Verse 1] fresh white tee (fresh) fresh car walls (fresh) summertime hood niggaz look like stars (look like stars) lewellery drip, fresh white airs (frsh white airs) mummy shake it up keep your ass right there (ohh can you believe it?) my man got liquor and my cups right here (I got my cup) I can smell smoke pass the dutch right here (pass that dutch) nigga pass that, Capri pants with the waist cut off I wanna smash that (ohh can you believe it?) party ran pack, mingling baby and I can LL shake, you jingling baby back your ass up, I'm a start tingling baby we can have more fun if wiggling baby (yea can you believe it?) P hit the club with a dutch and a dub with it nigga don't cuff it if you ain't in love with it Matter fact let the grub get it please don't hate cause at least you can say you was with it Can you believe it? Get a break and get off the streets clear my mind from the shit I see In a world full of smoke contact from the weed thats when it really bond on me I'm a be here for life I ain't never gonna leave the ghetto is all that I know It's just another day in the hood my nigga playing back trying get this dough yellin out ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh all up in the club and you know how we roll squad deep like ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh bad little bitches with their booty on score trying to beat like ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh know your ass feel it cause its outta control Let me hear you say ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhhhhh ohhhhh Can you believe it? [Verse 2] big ass truck (big new truck), brand new rims tank top yankee (tank top yankee), tanned out Tims bracelet, chain, fronts bob thin (fronts bob thin) new tattoos, new black shoes (hey can you believe it?) gucci, Ermays, do that too (do that too) wanna feel the breeze get a new black coupe nigga drop the top, come through the hood put a hundred on your three or your foul line shot (ohhh ohhh ohhhhhh can you believe it?) lending outfits all on the bus (all of us on the bus) cause none of us could see a summer without trips (none of us can see it) mad hoops so the little boys might bark at you but they all act good if the hood bothers you [Verse 3] basketball tournaments, pitbull pups ladies in the club poring Chris in cups Niggaz in the jail calling home on the phone (they locked up) but you still trying to act like ain't shit enough (and now can you believe it?) mad sieves in the park, mad fights in the park Niggaz talk how they run every night from the narcs aside from the light to the dark (light to the dark) then the dark to the light I wanna smoke but I could search for my life [Verse 4] Can you believe it? I done spent ten again watching her bend again, dancing for many men tell me have ever though about getting in (have you ever thought) a room full of convicts and D Block militants (D block militants) we'll show you the time of your life (time of your life) you can occupy my passenger side (come on girl) introduce you to the street life watch you fall in love after just one night ohhhhhhhhhhhhh all up in the club and you know how we roll, squad deep like ohhhhhhhhhhhh bad little bitches with their booty on score trying to beat like ohhhhhhhhhh know your ass feel it cause its outta control Let me hear you say ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhhhhh ohhhhh Can you believe it? (Styles P and Akon talking) Can you believe It? (Can you believe it?) Lil Jon, Akon, S.P. the Ghost Feel what we trying to do (Can you believe it?) Can you believe it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hey yo B.G., pass my drink my nigga We gon' try this one more time I'm back motherfuckers, get the mac muh'fuckers Pull it out the trunk, clack clack muh'fuckers I told y'all to "Walk Witt Me," dropped somethin sick on it And I ain't put no one but my motherfuckin clique on it (D-Block) No R&B, I ain't have no muh'fuckin chick on it These other niggaz songs, jail niggaz beat they dick on it Now I got a couple guests; friends, got a couple less I don't give a fuck, my bullets goin through a couple vests This ain't rehearsal; you TV, I'm DVD bitch What I'm sayin is ain't no commercial I came to stomp shit out, drive by or get out Got a lil' money but, I'm used to bein without So act like I won't put your face on the side of Chase Then take your Bass right off your little designer waist Can beat you with the hands, but I'm packin just in case Dice game, niggaz sweatin, hopin that I ace Real niggaz fuck with me, thank you if you stuck with me Now the whole hood, screamin out a nigga company D-B, L-O-C-K Still got the turntables right next to the instant replay First I let you get to know me, now this one here I'ma let you bitches get to blow me, talk to 'em slowly Fuck bein humble, and fuck the sophomore jinx I been around since the Benjamins was in the Tunnel It ain't changed, I seen niggaz turn Bryant Gumbel After that, I done wild out and didn't fumble I even threw two guns up like I was in the jungle You will now board, flight number 3-5-4 First class hip-hop, and we landin in hardcore The music niggaz pray to they God for Y'all niggaz judge it yourself But if you soft and don't do dirt, this music might be bad for your health Whattup? {*gunshot*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: Street Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*helicopter flies overhead*} There comes a time, in every man's life When he gon' have to decide, who he fuckin with Who you fuckin with? Them niggaz don't care about you Them niggaz don't give a fuck about you Why you rappin like that? This street music! [Sheek Louch] Yo, let's, talk about it what; Sheek can throw the fiend on a nigga guarantee he won't walk up out it No no, nickel-plated uhh; kinda old but the muzzle them usin make this motherfucker updated Puh-puh, nigga please; if a nigga had your son and had him lookin down you wouldn't even squeeze Uh uhh, I don't know; I don't wanna hear about the money that you had, or what you did a long time ago Yo yo the hood is mine; I don't gotta sell a lot I just live off more points than the porcupines Uh uhh, feel me cousin? Sheek been a problem before this D-Block shit started buzzin Some are sayin - no he wasn't, he turned sick With that women in your family can suck my dick And I've been red hot every since; I ain't sayin I'm the best Muh'fucker, I'm just workin with some sense [Chorus: Sheek Louch] This is that blood, crip, latin king shit, every hustler pushin a whip Street music - what? {*repeat 4X*} This is that blood, crip, latin king shit, every hustler pushin a whip Street music - what? {*repeat 4X*} [Sheek Louch] Y'all niggaz so sweet, Sheek so street From the doo rag on my head to the sneakers on my feet The heart in my chest, black on my flesh And I swear to my son, I'll leave this shit a mess I do it for the yard, where most of my squad is sittin in a cell, goin through hell And every frontin nigga got a story to tell Bye bye nigga, doves fly nigga The hardest nigga spittin came from Bed-Stuy nigga After that was Sheek, some say it was Jigga I got loyalty; I ain't a king to none of this shit But I swear, on the streets I'm royalty Kinda scary ain't it? You don't wanna be That's why the hood treat you colder than the A&P I throw my fists up - but it ain't for black power It's for any motherfucker that gets up [Sheek Louch] Niggaz don't wanna buh-bug bang with me Cause 9 out 10 when you see me I got the muh'fuckin thangs with me Fuck it put 'em up; muh'fucker put your guns in the air If you with me nigga hold 'em up Ruh ruh rowdy ain't it; I ain't afraid to go to war and have a nigga white tee, like you fingerpaint it Every hood got 'em, kinda hard to spot 'em Once I'm there about to tell you what nigga shot him What the fuck is up? I ain't nuttin up Niggaz hard 'til they leakin through they button up Get at my crew, whatever nigga who You don't need a flight to be all JetBlue Understand me nigga - if it happens, it happens But I ain't really a Grammy nigga Sheek spit rage; y'all don't want me to win nuttin I'm bringin the whole Block on the stage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: On the Road Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Psh, let me try this machine one more time man Put one more coin in this shit right here lemme see, let's go {*slot machine sound simulated by a synth keyboard*} Ohh! Yo I hit? We rich my niggaz! We rich! Ha ha! Koch, whattup? No more lookin back now nigga It is what it is bitch, I'm ready [Chorus: Sheek Louch] For the road again - I got my money, my passport My gun is loaded, nigga I'm ready For the road again - I got my weed, a couple niggaz Some liquor, the new Madden, I'm ready For the road again - I'm in your town puttin it down Bankheadin and all that, I'm ready For the road again - I'm goin back out my niggaz All aboard bitches, OWW! [Sheek Louch] Hey yo, my momma struggled for me, poppa juggled for me My niggaz huddled for me, they said you gotta let 'em off Let him do his thing (let him do his thing) Y'all ain't tryin to work with him, let him spread his wings Let him go out in the world, see a couple things (Sheek Louch) See what's workin for him, see who chirpin for him For what shows and what label is lurkin for him (D-Block!) I got it bitin ma, I've been writin ma (been writin ma) I've cut down on drinkin but I've been lightened ma You've gotta see my stage show, I'm excitin ma Your boy nice (I'm nice) - dropped my album, did around 400 I expected double, I guess they didn't want it Niggaz stayin blunted, walk with me zit We can pop it in and you ain't gotta touch shit Anyway; back to the drawin board I'm independent now, whoever with me all aboard Hold on son - hey yo Foolz rewind that back my nigga I think I forgot, I gotta tell 'em a lil' more shit That happened between me and shit Aight that's far enough let's go Hey yo, anyway, Kadar about to leave (ha ha) P comin home, Ruff Ryders lil' seed (yeah) 'Kiss asked "Why," how kids gotta die to Mr. George Bush and his sales hit the sky (let's go my nigga) Ja reached out with this "New York" idea (New Yorrrrrrk) 'Kiss from the hood so he was like hell yeah (I got you son) 50 gettin mad, came out with "Piggy Bank" That was probably the best song he had We had to shit on him (uh-huh), Game quit on him (yeah) Now we got it locked like we sicked the pit on him (it's ours nigga) We're takin meetings, but we don't wanna go major Cause we know how these artists takin beatings Plus I seen how these down South niggaz do it Eight dollars? Shit, I could get used to it Look at Lil' Jon, nigga got his own fluid (Get Crunk) Ying Yang and them, they can show you how to do it Now I'm gettin crunk with Koch and them All these new niggaz spittin? I'm watchin them I got a thousand songs like 'Pac and them And niggaz prayin for me like Ak and them (yeah) My son is born, I'm back alive I caught a DWI tryin to drink and drive (damn) I'm huggin the bottle, I'm hittin the throttle Got a beat tape playin tryin to think some bars Like weed I just put 'em in my mental jars 'Til I get up in the booth and space out like Mars (oh!) I'm ready for it (uh-huh) I already saw it A lot of shit about to change, niggaz can't ignore it For the road again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Jadakiss Album: After Taxes Song: Pain Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.com Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain, pain the pain that a man as just didn't do it when two junior flip hot rod lovin pig police man (pain) put 'em in a position where he must choose against humiliation as a man or death (pain) leave your head, cuz you outta be dead [Sheek Louch] Block-a this is your brain on drugs Love is pain and pain is love [Jadakiss] Block-a this your brain on drugs Ya'll came wit police we came wit thugs [Sheek Louch] Ayo I droped pain on 'em, switched the game on 'em Whoever out there hot I'mma rein 'em I see niggaz slowin down I'mma gain on 'em No beef but fuck it put his brain on 'em Uh if his face is hurtin I'm in Yonkers comin down burnin in that thing wit the curtain pants leg up call me Sheek Cool J Hat low shorty from paris run way, the thing is loaded Eatin lunch wit politician and I don't even think I voted They see my face they think I'm rich I'm by myself they think I'm bitch Until they layin why doctors stitch Cuz I clap like a nasty bitch You don't know me, you know my name You heard my raps, but you don't feel my pain [Chorus: 2X] I got more than you lookin for--> Sheek Louch Pain--> Jadakiss She backin it up on the dance floor--> Sheek Louch Pain--> Jadakiss By her self tellin me she got more--> Sheek Louch Pain--> Jadakiss It ain't all bad homey its sumthin good--> Sheek Louch Pain--> Jadakiss [Jadakiss] yea, yo, uh, sort of like in a vangelis Cuz you hear it but you don't know how to handle this Uh, be it nine or the knife Everybody felt it at sometimes in they life Its all different kinds to endure Pain is pure and most time it ain't no pure Thats why I'm in the hood I don't be where the stars is One of my records is platinum but all of my cars is You pokin Mount Air lodge is I'm Germnay tall bust menage a trois' , "Trading Places" If you don't like the hand you was dealt just make sure you save your aces Uh, and I'm gettin a lil Dividends Big Boys think I'm distributin Divin off yachts in the Carribean Yea, thats just the life that we livin in [Chorus: 2X] [Sheek Louch] AYo, I'm ridin dirty On the passenger side wit just the premier me and my birdy Lui boots red monkey jeans on Jamaica chick get my sex and Queens on Haze lit, blunt lick finger thick Flow make 'em all fight like a spring a chick Sheek Louch and Jada *meowa* Put 'em half dollar hoes on the side of your car [Jadakiss] Yo neva put your eyein away Dream like you livin forever but live like you dyin today Uh, 38 is new, 357 is a lil older Everythin else is for the shoulder From hear on I spit it on red form Brinin these niggaz eatin the ground of air born And you just runnin your mouth, stay in your house If you don't know nuttin about no PAIN! [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: 45 Minutes to Broadway Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Oh, oh... We gon' do it like - oh, oh... {*repeat 3X*} We gon' do it like [Sheek Louch] Sheek usually white tee thuggin, blue steel huggin See me with a chick, most likely be fuckin Neighbors too nosy, chain all rosy Fresh white Airs, one squirt of Dolce Coupe all kitted, wrist all glitted You would think I'm hot in how low I wear my fitted Dutch already twisted, 'gnac all poured 'Bout to hit the hood and find me a nasty broad I like 'em with some weight, at least around eight They don't gotta be a 10 long as they can bring a friend C'mon, pile in, let your hair out Reach into that little mini-bar and pull a beer out Loose, there's cranberry if you need it for the Grey Goose By now I got my pants around my ankles Ooh c'mere mama, let me thug you out Let me whisper somethin to you that'll bug you out 45 minutes to Broadway I can be downtown, I'm only 5 minutes from the Boogie Down 45 minutes to Broadway We can come back up to Y.O. where I blow your back up 45 minutes to Broadway We can get drunk ma, and hang out right in the sports bar 45 minutes to Broadway Or you can fly to New York bitch, the home of this D-Block playa [Sheek Louch] We like "Take it off!" Do you mind if I take a picture of you and send it up North? My homey in his cell and all he got is Black Tail He need a Polaroid so he can let 'em know it's real (ha ha) And you ain't gotta stay indoors I got a house key for doin the choors (no doubt) Chef in the mornin, mines scrambled baby, how you want yours? (How you want your eggs?) I take 'em to the hood, send 'em to the store Introduce 'em to my homies, Sheek so raw It's all fair game, I come back with four more Don't be scared ma - you heard a lot about D-Block, right? Well you here ma, let's go [Sheek Louch] I don't wanna talk about it (nah) You keep tellin me your house is crowded (so?) What'chu wanna move in? I doubt it (uh-uh) I'll let you sleep over, use the robe and go get you an outfit I like my freedom baby, I already got a baby I lay my game down flat soon as I meet a lady We can do it up, I don't care if you married Divorced with kids, I don't give a fuck [Chorus] - 2X Oh, oh... we gon' do it like - {*repeat 2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Carl Thomas Album: After Taxes Song: One Name Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Roc drop that baby Rocwilder on the track ladies and gentlemen No doubt Aiyyo Carl Thomas, help me out dog... {*Carl harmonizes*} I mean, this is for the grown and sexy right? (For the grown and sexy) That's what they say [Sheek Louch] Hey yo, let's walk baby, and talk baby You know where I'm from (New York baby) You look good enough to put you on a fork baby You got them other chicks outlined in chalk baby Uhh - you killin 'em Wit'cha Chanel shades and ya 'Licia Keys brais, I'm feelin 'em (Okay) Blow with me, flow with me I wan' take you to a show with me I wan' cool out in the crib with a lil' sticky I wan' see how you look in a lil' Vicky Ha ha, you sexy baby, stomach tight Ass right, nice heighth Damn baby bless yo' momma Any girl scratch yo' face it will be drama Comma, I'm just jokin But your body kinda got me open - damn! [Chorus: Carl Thomas] Girl your spiritual, and your physical Got my boldened soul, so emotional I was thinkin - one house, two cars, one name Glad I'm not a lame, and this is not a game So why not do it now, and why not show you how Baby I was thinkin - one house, two cars, one name [Sheek Louch] Sheek Def Poetry, incent burnin Hat low, GT, listenin to Floetry Sendin notes, see if shorty wanna go with me Check yes if she wanna be my girl Then to the wife, welcome to the life Big trips, Louis bags, welcome to the ice (bling) Rock big enough to make Trump look twice Nice - holla at your boy We can fly to Cali to pick out your toy But make sure it's big enough for a girl and boy But no rush, we got time to crush And get to know each other 'fore I bust [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, I wanna stretch you baby, sex you baby I ain't that what sit around and text you baby But I will pull over, jump out the Rover Hug you like I miss you, kiss you all over And I'm too grown not to keep this real And I ain't hardcore enough to hide the way I feel All you gotta do is hold on tight Put your feet up, sit back, enjoy the night I got you {*Carl Thomas ad libs to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: Maybe If I Sing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] 50 you a rat, you a coward, you a snitch You a bitch motherfucker now hear this {*tch-tch BOOM*} All you talk about is money and sales What you need to talk about is all them niggaz that you put in them jails We don't dry snitch niggaz (nah) rappin and whisperin Knowin that the rap police listenin Homey know just what he doin, who career he swipe That's aight, Ja got him, niggaz say goodnight (aight) I'ma blast 'til I go on the run Just mad at Game cause he ain't like them, he ain't your son (bitches) 50 this, 50 that; nigga 50 whack (50 whack) Nigga laid you down, when you gon' get him back? (woo) And when you gon' say somethin hot on the track? (never) I guess the next time you get hit'll be your back A fucked up nigga, let me get down wit'chu I make sure niggaz don't hit you - ha ha Hey yo maybe if I siiiiing, I'll be rich (should I sing?) And maybe if I rat on you, I'll be rich (or maybe I should rat on you) Maybe if I crossover, I'll be rich (I need to cross over I think) I wanna beeee, I wanna be, just like that 50 bitch (how can I be like that nigga) Maybe if I siiiiing, I'll be rich (should I sing son?) And maybe if I rat on you, I'll be rich (who should I give up?) Maybe if I crossover, I'll be rich (I need to cross over) I wanna beeee, I wanna be, just like that 50 bitch [Sheek Louch] Hey yo Banks you got a half-assed flow But fuckin with homey, all you gon' get is half-assed dough And where the fuck was you at wit'cha big-ass face When I was writin "Benjamins" with 'Kiss, Diddy and Ma$e I ain't heard of you homey, 'til you blew up quick But back then I'm pretty sure that you was on my dick (LOX nigga) I dropped L.O.X., chest to chest, back to back On Clue when, "If You Think I'm Jiggy" was whack I wore shiny suits, niggaz knew I didn't belong But even back then I still never sang on a song I've been white-tee'd out (yeah) white haze and hash It's fucked up, 50 makin y'all wear that trash (yeah!) What he do, put your clothes on the bed, put your sneakers on the floor and tell you what hat to put on your head? (ha ha ha) You lil' muh'fuckers to me daddy And I don't give a fuck if the doors lift up in your Caddy [Sheek Louch] Go Young Buck (go Young Buck) that's my nigga (that's my nigga) Even if 50 don't let you get bigger I see you run around stage wit'cha shirt off; you need some food You 'bout as big as "The Passion of Christ" dude And I still got love for the dirty South But I ain't gon' respect no nigga with my dick in his mouth G-Unit gon' be gone once Dre bounce on you (G-G-G-G-G) And it's fucked up cause Eminem tried to warn you You ain't as big as these white dudes that cut your check Think so? Wait and see who they go to next (D-Block) You forgot about the hood scramps Everybody ain't workin with bricks, some niggaz got gramps No new guns, just them shits that jam Fuck it though, I'ma ride wit'chu do the death D-Block muh'fucker 'til there's no one left G-G-G-G-G-G... the fuck outta here! (Yo bring in the hook son, bring in the hook) [Chorus] minus the (ad libs) D-Block! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ J Hood Album: After Taxes Song: Devine Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.com Ayo Devine drop that daddy **repeat twice** ooh weee, lets get it poppin daddy uh, yea, lets get it poppin mommy [Sheek Louch] Ayo the moral of the story is we all can't be gloriest some of us still on our grind (our grind) Thats why I walk wit this chrome .9 (I'm fine) 'Fore who eva want to cross this line Devine Ayo Sheek on the street again, they know the big man is back But niggaz still don't want to get down wit the heat again You see me postin on the block, see these bitches on my cock Seein you jumpin out the drop, sombody light up I ain't fuckin wit you homey, you ain't smokin, you don't know me you can eat from my dutch, I'mma fuck 'em right up you can catch me all Nelly in the blue red dully Half crip half blood nigga west side But you can catch me in New York on stage on the block or even visitin my niggaz in the cage (lets ride) Its somethin to do, lackin the fool, packin a .2, ok nigga [Chorus: 2X] Me and my niggaz on our New York shit Me and my niggaz on our West Coast shit Me and my niggaz on our down South shit Yes, Midwest, Bay area [J Hood] Lets go, uh When niggaz see me in the street they be like there go double O again He got the .357 set and he 'bout to let it go again Switchin up this flow again, grindin up for that dough again Your mans in that set trip, I'm 'bout to put a hole in him Hands up plus lip, let me see ya'll niggaz bang Hit a nigga in his head make 'em come about this chain Homey I'm the best at this shit I'm the don wit a black mark about to tag up on this shit That niggaz perpin ya'll ain't seen no bricks We movin grindin on a new city gettin jacked suckin ain't no dick And you can show if it ain't no purp-b Our buns be color of pookey lips when they gave 'em that turkey Been a long time comin, but my time is due Everythin is crystal clear but the shines is blue Caught away seats in the gray CL Wit so many weight in the trunk If you don't chop it the brick scale, nigga! [Chorus: 2X] [Sheek Louch] Ayo me and my young boy Remind me of my self in early days sort of like a young hoy Now I'm puffin in the Phantom out in St. Croix Blue water two bitches and peep a toy But don't play it sweet, the heat is in the cooler And the cooler got no bait for lunch meat You done fuck see the morgue You ain't fuckin wit me dawg Ayo Hood you ready, bark at your fawg [J Hood] Ayo I'm 'bout coastal G But I'm 'bout to east coast back where it 'pose to be D-Block got the streets in a zip lock And we bustin off 'em hammers Like we don't give a fuck 'bout hip-hop So who wanna get popped, just give me the word It won't be occasion when I hit his ass wit this bird Leave his ass on the curve So you can put that yach on 'em I'mma make this drug related and leave some crack on 'em [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Beanie Sigel, Fabolous, T.I. Album: After Taxes Song: Kiss Your Ass Goodbye (Extended Remix) Typed by: lethalxintent@gmail.com [Intro - Sheek Louch] Hahahaha, y'all know what this is (D-BLOCK!) Oh yeah, by the way... THIS IS THE REMIX (WOOOO!) [Hook - Sheek Louch] You can kiss your ass goodbye (d-block, d-block, d-block, d-block) La-da-da-da-da-daaaaa [Sheek Louch] Ay yo, the flow is here, the dough is here (yeah) They gon' call this the hardest remix of the year (ha-ha) The wrist is sickle, the 9 is nickled (damn) The inside tan, the outer pickle (woooo!) The dutch is rolled, the 'gnac is poured (iight) You running your mouth, I'm getting you jawed (ow!) I'm waving the blade; I'm telling you back up (back up!) You empty your pockets, I'm picking your pack up (gimmie that) You can act stupid if you wanna (uh-huh) Like you don't know what block I'm in front of (I'm right here dog) I'm out in New York or down in the south (no doubt) I'm out in the trap with gold in my mouth (ha-ha) They book me for the clubs and the hood (yeah) When niggaz scared to go, but Sheek Louch good (D-BLOCK!) It's loaded when I get out the car like... (la-da-da-da-da-daaaaa) [Hook] [Fabolous] They say hate spread faster than love So the Bentley is black, same color as the mask and the gloves With me, I'm a send a bastard to bub Before he get the police first and last to the gov These dickhead niggaz, you shoot 'em and bleed come Like two pussies they wet, just make it a three-some They growing up quick, 'cause that'll buy your seed guns Now they spreading magazines 'fore they can read one My glass jar's had a hell of a re-run... (la-da-da-da-da-daaaaa) As we proceed son, and I know Every hood got a street fan if not they need one I thinking short-range, give me a sport range I wanna get warmer; I'm jumping in the sauna Duck when I'm passing by Put your head between your legs; kiss your ass goodbye (BLAAHHHHHH!) [Hook] [Beanie Sigel] You niggaz lost y'all game; I'm throwing the Roc down Just to put y'all D, I'm back on the Block now (uhh) Running your mouth, 'fore I shit all in it All y'all ass, and I'm about to dig all in it (eww!) I birthed you niggaz, I fed and I burped you niggaz (uh-huh) Quick as that, I will Earth you niggaz Clothed you niggaz, wiped the snot from the nose of you niggaz What not to expose you niggaz Fist, knife, or razor fight I got a year and a day, still played it like they gave me life Can't walk through the jail without shackles and two cops (uhh) Throwing shit on the warden outta the food slot (uh-huh) Got connections with pop, he boofin the weed plants (yeah) Get my khakis washed and pressed for a few stamps Respect in the jail, a check in the mail I stay on the phone; I don't put collect on the bill (mwah, ha-ha) [Hook] [T.I.] Ay, you better know I'm going all-out, whatever the cost So fuck whoever hating', I'm the king of the South You gon' forever see me flossed, Spyder with the top off Third gear I got lost to the million dollar law J.G. the one who told the bitch to take your tops off I'm a seven-figure nigga, paid the cost to be the boss On the streets or behind the wall Lift weights; get straight, 'til it's time to ball Even if I never sell a million times at all Dope boy trap niggaz, I'll grind for y'all Pimp Squad, D-Block I'll ride for y'all A-Town to Y.O, see the Chevy ride slow With the light turned down and the beat down low 40-cal's and K's out the window You better do like Lil' Jon told you "Get Low" Cause you can cancel Christmas, when the chopper-missle hit you I ain't waiting for permission; I'm a flip until it hits you [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Styles Album: After Taxes Song: Run Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This beat is to be used, violently - weapons not included [Sheek Louch] Double platinum never; still on the grind though Playin my position, watchin behind though D-Block'd out, must I remind yo Benjamins walk with me, two guns y'all can see Money pile, wild out, nigga who want what Every year it's somethin new for you to shake your butt Get on yo' strut, you feelin me soldier? Ten hun (ten hut) ten years strong, the record is long Coulda been a lil' richer if I rocked a thong Anyway; the Coupe is gray Sheek startin to get hot in the hood like the month of May My dog tags tangle, white tee on Paul Wall bottoms, big Jacob bangle One dutch of evil and piney Matter fact, gimme some 'gnac and I'ma chase that with a Heine' And make sure you pour some for my thugs behind me (yeah) [Chorus 2X: Styles] Hustle 'til the sun up (run up) Keep comin 'til you come up (run up) E'rybody keep your gun up (run up, run up, run up, run up, run up) [Styles] Run up you gon' die like the beeper call Dawg this is Styles, I ain't Nas but I "Ether" y'all You should hide when you see that ride creep along Cause it's on when the doors open - shut his lights out He got his mans, but I'm fuckin get 'em all coffins Lil' niggaz is now mine they swallow the barrel find it Bet that'll open 'em up (I bet) And they all act tough, 'til you pokin 'em up Nigga - run up like you came for a marathon Body's in the suitcase, head's in the carry-on (ha ha) You food to a real nigga, rude with the steel nigga Give a fuck; you shoulda chilled nigga (you shoulda chilled) All I know is puttin in work Get the new M-5, nigga put in the work Crack a vanilla dutch, nigga put in the earth Run up I keep the gun up, get put in the earth - what? [Sheek Louch] M-6 revvin, all black on the cell phone And all that like I'm talkin to Devon (Knight Rider) Shorty wanna hang out of the car (uh-huh) Yellin out money ain't a thang, holdin up a mayonnaise jar of that stick-ickalous, ridiculous Comin down Harlem, foggin up the whole St. Nickalous (yeah) Red monkies on them pretty things Wipin off ash, showin Scado my Diddy things Pay attention (yeah) gon' miss if I squench in Just us bein there is causin tension No beef, no wreath nece', it get real messy Pull a rifle on you boys like Uncle Jesse I'm Sheek baby girl, one third of the LOX Put you in the mink and out of the fox Added a Honda into the box Earring holes is stretched from the size of the rocks Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Redman Album: After Taxes Song: Get Up Stand Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Mic check, mic check (mic check mic check one two) One two, one two check mic (yeah) Gilla House, D-Block baby (can y'all hear me out there?) Yo, hey yo [Chorus 2X: Sheek and Redman] Get up, stand up - throw your hands up All my thug niggaz throw your motherfuckin hands up Get up, stand up - throw your hands up All y'all pretty bitches throw your motherfuckin hands up [Sheek Louch] Hey yo, I got a letter from the governor, the other day I opened, I read it, and this is what it say It's time for you to get yo' stack right The bitch don't act right, whatever put that bitch on the next flight Whatever nigga step in your way, hit his ass with the K And leave his body where his children'll play I cook somethin up like Emeril's kitchen I put the heat to these rap dudes, whatever let me know who's bitchin And your security as pussy as you are The burners come out, his big ass be the first to the car I got goons that'll make it spark, and I don't gotta throw a blow Niggaz ready to stage dive like they Linkin Park The hood love a nigga cause I ain't above a nigga I eat the same shit in the hood as another nigga White tee, pants saggin, ready to mug a nigga Get the hell up out your seats and everybody jump [Redman] Yo - yo Sheek lemme get some of that, yo Aiyyo my uzi weigh a ton, Redman half baked I'm smokin pounds, you hang around with Nasty Nate The great dane straight change, bitches close drapes Cause my product, Ultramagnetic like Kool Keith This for my hood niggaz sellin sticky by the sto' I rip your hottest MC like eenie mynie moe Fuck dough I do it for fun, "Juice" like Bishop "American Pie" nigga, hit your momma like Stiffler Redman and Sheek Louch, you got a brief clue Who will tie you up like E did to P in "Beef Two" I cheat dude, give me a Maybach to breathe So I'm determined, like AJ after Free I don't play games I'm grown, on 26 chrome Inside of my truck is ESPN Zone Shame on a nigga, that try to run game on a nigga I bring pain on a nigga [Sheek Louch] Hey yo fuck that nigga, buck that nigga Chase him to the roof, somebody cut that nigga Pushed 1100, one wheel up (c'mon Sheek) Lil' entrepeneur; shit, I'm already one deal up (D-Block) Grants to a bird - okay, I ain't sell a lot But shit Jigga ain't go platinum 'til his third I'm one song away, but you would think I did How the house got that long ass drive-a-way Benz in the back, doors do Karate Kid If they knew I get the same time Gotti did 240 when it's floored, trey pound on my lap Beyonce bobblehead on the dashboard Can't be ignored, I'm the coke niggaz can't afford I'm the town niggaz haven't toured I got a dutch or two, we can smoke a few But first this is what y'all motherfuckers gotta do [Redman] Yeah, Brick City, all the way to Yonkers baby We got Yonkers goin bonkers baby! We got Yonkers goin bonkers baby! Yo Funk Doc, Sheek Louch, you know what it is baby Gilla House, D-Block! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: Pressure Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [girl singing] What do we do Ooooooh - what do we do, what do we do Pressure, pressure - what do we do to do [Sheek Louch] Let's go They say they want me to chill How you rappin is like you sayin to go out and kill I hear so much of this nonsense Like brother you a role model, you supposed to rap like you concious (For what?) Even if that was true, understand I'm a man before anything, rap is what I do And I'm somebody's father Like if my baby boy in a jam I won't grab the revolver Sometimes not even that I ain't sittin around talkin 'bout slavery is holdin me back Out East you would think this the Western I don't mean to be rude, but you can chill with all those silly suggestions When the pressure is on, your morals is gone Can't believe your face is torn (oh!) I don't condone it, but I'm willin to loan it Just relax, go home, hit me up on the horn, got you [Chorus: girl singing] For this life... piece of mind The streets are filled with priiiide Too young to die, so the bullets fly The streets are filled with priiiide - pressure, pressure [Sheek Louch] I know she tryin to be cool for her friends I know he tryin to front for her in the Benz (yeah) But he ain't watchin where he drivin and drunk (uh-uh) Hit somebody whip and dude talkin 'bout poppin the trunk But can't go out like a punk (nah) Shots go off, and his friends no longer think that he's soft (brrap) Now it's time for the bail And momma got a slight heart problem cause her son is in jail (damn) And no one's keepin it real (uh-uh) The lawyers is riffin, block phone calls, messages skippin And shorty don't even visit She too busy in the mall with your re-up money, tryin to live it When he come out shit he flipped Cause his son is in the backseat with some other nigga pushin his whip (That's my son) This kind of pressure for real Got at least like 6 out of 10 blacks sittin in jail, damn [Sheek Louch] This brother comin from work (yeah) 9 to 5, minimum wage, his boss is a jerk He can't stand bein broke (uh-uh) He get off the bus to get him a beer and somethin to smoke He think about gettin coke His family is hungry, it's dead real, no longer a joke But he ain't made for the streets This ain't back then, these lil' dudes now carryin heat Think he can pump where he want, it's the first of the month Makin mad sales right in the front (what?) Duke and them gettin mad (yo whattup?) things startin to get bad 'Bout to follow homey home to his pad (him right there) But he can't let that ride He pull out the thing and tell his baby momma go in and hide (Get the baby in the house) So many put on a stretcher I'm willin to bet'cha, it's the pressure, c'mon [girl singing] The streets are filled with priiiiide The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Ghostface Killah Album: After Taxes Song: Movie Niggaz Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.com Naw I say uh oh, uh oh, uh oh [Sheek Louch] Aced out yached out not givin a fruck West side highway doin over a buck Broad day its like Curtis May shotgun wit me White airs, blue jeans this the top of dickie I ain't picky, some sticky in the bitch to roll it Phat ass Lui or Gucci or work to hold it 50 thousand big heads kind of hard to fold it And I don't need needle or threat to say I sold it Big money, big guns and all that stuff Black brief case, one wrist handcuff You get you man snuffed Fuck 'em like G-O-D Got that white boy sellin like pOD And I ain't tryin to sun ya'll Or some tough guy shit I just ain't scared to none ya'll Run ya'll Ten years strong, you one year weak Ya'll ain't fuckin wit Sheek Bark at the frawg [Chorus: Ghostface Killah & Sheek Louch] Yo Sheek---> Ghostface Killah Wuttup nigga---> Sheek Louch Show these mothafuckers yea the retail price---> Ghostface Killah That cost to get they face blowned off---> Ghostface Killah 200 bean if that---> Ghostface Killah cuz is no lost 'em---> Sheek Louch Niggaz don't give a fuck if you come up short, naw---> Sheek Louch You fuckin wit gangsta---> Ghostface Killah Architecture niggaz that pain all loosely---> Sheek Louch Twist you back like we just twist the top of coolie, at the Oscars---> Ghostface Killah Jane all doogie---> Sheek Louch Stick up kids is the name of our movie, nigga---> Ghostface Killah [Ghostface Killah] Yo I get married in crutch Velvet Diamond chip shit that'll squash elders You know the steez when I come through steamin my stones Through on eight floor studed it out cleanin my chrome I disinfect niggaz, wash 'em, rinse 'em and hang dry 'em Bang iron, to all top is pro-long cuz it takes science No larceny, murder experts in the feds, yo they on to me Like I murdered Vonny, me and Sheek Louch we can regroup, we can recoupe We eat leak soup, speed race across country in the mean coupe We got whips and big chains at the day back routes Enron money, they say we goin down on tax invasion Tellin cops if they try to cuff us the max is sprayin Finally the head in they hats where they badge is layin On the floor right along where their colleague is prayin Nigga, this is Theodore and D-Block Fuck 'round and get your meat chopped [Chorus: Ghostface Killah & Sheek Louch] [Sheek Louch] Ease back, whats that all about, huh? I dare ya'll niggaz tryin to play Sheek Louch out Like I don't find talent like a Yankees Scout Like I ain't still got it when papi on the drought The hood got swear tryin to be circle I don't give a fuck I'll leave a bunch dead Urkels I don't pillow talk, I'll tell a hoe what she need to know I don't care if she thicker than pizza dough, I'm out standin I ain't even landin in the same place I use to when I come down high I wake up wit two bitches in between my thigh And I ain't hollywood or rich, bitch I ain't Mcky I just mad at tellin a good ass lie Yo, nuttin 'bout me soft, I don't care if you got cake whateva, go'head go on brush you shoulders off I be in the hood, Sheek Louch good [Chorus: Ghostface Killah & Sheek Louch] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: After Taxes Song: All Fed Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sighing*} Yo let me get a cigarette son Yeah, fuck it, {?} it's not that serious Hey yo She said she all fed up And she talk about she lea-vin (aiyyo calm down) Said she won't, be back 'Til we get e-ven (what'chu mean get even) Said she gon' take, my kids To her momma's for the wee-kend (yeah aight) I know she try to be there for me It's fucked up I got caught cheat-in [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, I ain't gon' lie, I got weeded all drunk and I cheated After the club, shorty gave me what I needed (yeah) That freaky side in the back of a ride In the back of the park, where we used to hide (oh) First it was a fling cause I kept her in the wing She knew I had a wife cause I kept her on my ring But she ain't even care, she just wanted to be down And come around the lab when I lay a song down (right on mami) And even when I seen her with my lady She'll walk by, I'll walk by, no actin shady No prank calls, no baby momma brawls (none of that) Real grown lady like, up in the malls This whole thing is like way too good You almost never catch a shorty like that up in the hood (uh-uh) So I kept it on the hush (yeah) brought me a bat line And called shorty up when it was time to crush [Chorus] w/ slightly different ad libs [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo - couple of Louis bags, the kind that J-Lo has Could be just lookin at the picture, she don't gotta ask (You want that right there?) I like to spend the cash, she like to throw that ass (turn around ma) I remember when she first flew first class (calm down) I let her push the whip in, until she started flippin Axin me am I messin with some other chicken I'm like "WHOA, baby NO NO NO" This ain't gon' start (uh-uh) and please be smart You know I got a girl, what'chu care what I do She like "Fuck you Sheek, whatever, we through" (whatever) Next day she drivin by, smilin and wavin hi Right in front of my house, what this bitch wanna die? [Chorus] w/ slightly different ad libs [Sheek Louch] Hey yo, yo, I never thought it would go down like this This bitch got my baby momma suspicious My door ringin while she doin the dishes A dozen roses with a note sayin "kiss" Wait 'til I see this witch She got me on the couch like a muh'fuckin slouch, I'ma kill this bitch I'm on AllNightParties dot com Son lookin at like that's not mom! [Chorus] w/ slightly different ad libs [Sheek Louch] I never thought it would go down like this Bitch got my baby momma suspicious The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Jadakiss Album: After Taxes Song: Get Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jada] It's the dance step, it's the BOUNCE! [S.L.] Gotta make sure I don't spill my drink on this [Jada] Ha ha ha ha! It's the swagger G's up homey [Chorus: Jadakiss] I'ma get money, get money I don't care if your peoples act funny I'ma go loco, straight loco Aiyyo mamis pass the trey-ocho Cause we do it, straight do it You coulda came with us ma but you blew it Make it hot boo, bring your friend too And drop it like you supposed to, ah-HA! [Sheek Louch] You know what this is lil' momma You could walk around with the top of a pajama Boxers on, pillow case over the llama Drama; I deal with more weed than a farmer Point blank, dot dot, period, comma (Yeah) So gritty, but still so pretty Broke and I get as much pussy as Diddy Ante up, catty all candied up I'm on ice like I just won the Stanley Cup Yup! Stay booted up, a little 'gnac in the cup About to score, the homey had to shoot it up (Yeah) 23's, low pros on top of a flatbed (Ha ha) Niggaz think I just got towed - nope! To the car show, Murciélago Hammer in the cargo - what's my name? (Sheek Louch!) Sheek Louch that boy there 'bout to change the game [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo; I ain't gon' lie, it's a lot of things I can't buy But if I really want it bad (yeah) and really get mad (yeah) I'ma grab the strap like a muh'fuckin dad To get what I want, if it take me a month And pitch my lil' pieces right in the front Smoke my blunt, and drink my 'gnac And watch my back like I'm under attack (woo!) A lot of people think I don't like their ass Guess what? (Guess what?) I really don't like their ass And won't hesitate to put somethin in you fast (let's go) So you can go 'head with that bullcrap Cause I don't mean rhymes when I say I ain't afraid of a murder rap [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo - she said she love my flow, and the things that I say And how the rest of my crew is so caliente You D-Block boys really know how to play (D-Block!) When the next LOX album, I'm just waitin for the day Look Range, Bent' Coupe, house, indoor hoop Chain got enough karats to put in grandma soup I ain't in the loop, I'm nowhere near you I'm in the hood dawg where them peoples scare you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Styles Album: After Taxes Song: Kiss Your Ass Goodbye (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block Ohh shit! (let's go) [Chorus: Sheek Louch] You can kiss yo' ass goodbye (D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block) La-da-da, da-da-daaaah (D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block) You can kiss yo' ass goodbye (D-Block, D-Block, D-Block, D-Block) La-da-da, da-da-daaaah [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, this that shit that make niggaz wanna rep they clique (uh-huh) Grab their gun and diss niggaz to their dick Buck somethin, go somewhere and fuck somethin (fuck somethin) Like that frontin nigga bitch, make her suck somethin (suck somethin) Wild out, D-Block shirt inside out Hoodie on with the all black Belushis on Niggaz yappin 'til they muh-fuckin face is torn (uh-huh) Tongue is gone (what else) three-piece suits is worn Hit y'all faggot-ass niggaz that's scared to death Talk shit, when I'm around y'all hold y'all breath (whattup Sheek?) I make murder music, my shit bang in the city But they want me to chill since Janet showed titty (It's too much violence now since Ja ruined 50) I don't know no other way but to rap gritty (yeah!) Fuck that baby when I'm rich Until then where the fuck is my thugs at up in this bitch? (let's go) [Styles] Whattup nigga, you cut up nigga (whattup) Shoot shit to lift the truck up nigga (wooooooooo) D-Block, D-Block howl like a wolf Tell your mom I throw a child off the roof Give a basshead a hundred dollars to towel off the Coupe (clean that up) Style on niggaz; beat somethin down we gon' pile on niggaz (get 'em) wild on niggaz {La-da-da, da-da-daaaah} That's a lullaby for you (hear it?) Better ask your man he ready to die for you (you ready?) We comin through tearin the block up (tear it up) We ain't gettin locked up (uh-uh) that mean we even shootin the cops up Whattup? (Yeah nigga, two mo' times) Whattup, whattup? Now we in the New York rhyme Better kiss that ass goodbye, when I'm passin by with plastic nines to blast your eyes, right What, nigga? [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, I talk shit how I wanna talk, bop how I wanna walk And you can tell that nigga dere is from New York And I still got my South niggaz ready to squeeze I don't need cake to see me with a couple of G's (let's go) And I don't need a loan, muh'fucker I'm grown Had a thirty-eight before I had a phone I stuck niggaz up before y'all lil' niggaz started to bone This that Sheek Louch shit y'all niggaz tryin to clone Let's be real, the average muh'fucker with a deal probably never had a fight (nah) no guns, none of that Niggaz know I'm right (yeah) I say goodnight to my son Give my baby moms a lil' cake And my moms a lil' somethin 'fore I go on the run Before pussy niggaz try their hand I'll kick in the door like "Daddy's Home" and I ain't "Making the Band" What y'all coward niggaz don't understand? (YEAH!) [Sheek] You can kiss yo' ass goodbye... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Body Blows Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo SUPA! (D-Block) Geah (I'm tryin, I'm tryin to keep it cool nigga) Geah (I'm tryin to keep it cool nigga) Geah (Cause I'm cool) Sheek Louch nigga (No I'm so fly nigga) Aiyyo SUPA! (D-Block dickheads) (Put your muh'fuckin guns up) You out your muh'fuckin mind I see Thinkin you can fuck around with my team Aki, I'm a threat I ain't heard nuttin hot out your mouth you said yet I ain't got a lot of money but how much you wan' bet? I'll crush and destroy you, and whoever you get Girl or boy, sing to me niggaz Plus you sound sweet, y'all wing to me niggaz Sales ain't all that, but fuck it whose are? I'm still in the hood, not a bulletproof car And even if I go diamond, from rhymin I'll still be in the hood, puttin my time in Dutch out blowin smoke on filthy bitches Head crack, bet it back, take a few pictures I watch no TCI, no police see I We pop in and vanish, damn How you say "rattin" in Spanish? Niggaz is crazy Get a lil' money, and niggaz start to get lazy The difference is I don't give a fuck Let your shit buck, nigga I'ma keep my shit tucked Steel with the weights, steel on the bar Shit nowadays I feel I can lift a lil' car You know who you are, but I'm tryin be cool You ain't gon' use us for sales, man we ain't no fools We don't bite that easy but we write that easy Niggaz live in the muh'fuckin lab WHATTUP? Every 24 bars, I'ma double that shit Until Russell or somebody asks me to quit I told Jada hold up son, don't jump the gun Let's hear him out then fuck it, it's on Shit, come to find out, what the beef about This homo shit, these niggaz is corn Fuck outta here man, hehehe yeah We sparrin and shit right now man Yeah and I'm bein polite dawg, y'knahmean? Aiyyo dawg, I know you sold 30 million records and shit Y'knahmean, and what else you gonna say? I know you got, a hundred million dollars dawg We don't give a fuck about that shit nigga, you crazy? You better keep that, take that shit somewhere else Don't talk that Maybach shit, whatever shit here with us dawg I'ma tellin you now man And don't come harmonizin and shit daddy Somebody in your muh'fuckin camp better tell you to spit nigga Woo! D-Block bitch (Sheek Louch) (Year of the Wolf) Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Bullet Blaze & Gotti Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {M-M-Mario?} [Sheek Louch] Aowwwwwwwwwwww! Let the wolves out {?} Entertainment nigga, whattup niggaz? {MARIO!} Bullet Blaze & Gotti, let's go Aiyyo Bizzy, these niggaz runnin around here They try and live other niggaz lives man They ain't us! I don't see that shit though dawg (I don't see it), y'knahmean? Do you nigga (Sheek Louch) be you nigga (Let me talk to 'em) D-Block! Let's go Aiyyo, feel me dawg, my pain run deep I toss in my sleep cause my money ain't right Or I hear bullshit cause my circle ain't tight You only seen half the street You walkin on that side, come over where the murderers meet It's a mystery, about who you pop What you did, niggaz got no history First come D before E-F-G And you ain't that G, so chill with the ki and the guns and your shit, 'fore niggaz find out that it's only a skit, and run up in your house and find none of that shit (where that shit at nigga) D-Block I'm a motherfuckin menace, you hear me dickhead My whole career niggaz ain't never been misled Even in a shiny suit, niggaz knew I would shoot You could tell I wasn't tryin to be cute, f'real You see Real niggaz can see through that shit man Get that shit outta here man Fuckin cowards {?} Entertainment nigga Bullet Blaze & Gotti Shit crack right here D-Block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Ask About Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Yeah, it's Sheek Louch dickheads (aowwwww) You ready dawg? Let the wolves out, let's go Aiyyo let's get it, shades and a fitted Scar from the mouth, no ID Vest so I don't need no IV (uh-uh) Who I be? Feel me, ain't that important Muh'fucker just put 'em in the air like Jordan (shit's up) Top of the mornin, pumpin his mouth while he yawnin Homey ain't rap too tight Momma think I'm a good Baptist right? She don't know about the hoes that I got on tape In case one of these bitches wan' yell out rape She don't know about our first bricks Me P and Kiss, did half weight, other half mix (let's get it niggaz) The white chicks, sniffin coke off each other lil' pink tits {*laughter*} The gun play The Desert that I keep in the car 'fore I see you on Sunday (whattup ma) Niggaz that I left dead The veins that I cut to stop the blood from goin to your head They say I'm fucked up, shut the fuck up! Before your ass gets stuck up, fuck it I'm too hard homey; first day in the yard homey You get scarred homey - feel me? No security, no fear in me I get it on no matter where I be Shit, gun smoke 'til it's cloudy I'm a thug, ask about me Yeah! Sheek Louch nigga Album comin soon "After Taxes," it's called "After Taxes" Cause that's what it is Jada whattup? Styles P whattup? {?} whattup? Super Mario whattup nigga? D-Block! Hope y'all niggaz know what y'all doin man Aiyyo Jesus turn that shit off man, fuck it {Hey Mario} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Stop Playing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Poobs let's go nigga - ahh, woo! Ayyyo, I said I'm sicker than yo' average One up in yo' cabbage and leave you there I only brought the revolver here, no shells Throw the jacks away I ain't talkin on cells Get low, get a hoe, tell her where to go Fuck her 'til her pussy sore, make her watch the door I said I'm sicker than yo' average Pump in the baby carriage, no fear Nine in the Build-a-Bear, listen here homey I said I'm sicker than yo' average If I don't know homey I'ma fuck up his marriage Get head from her, get a little bread from her Put cum stains in his Hummer, listen dawg I said I'm sicker than yo' average You ain't know Sheek was a muh'fuckin savage That's why I don't mingle, cause when I get a tingle I turn into a wolf (AOWWW) ski-mask time E'rything I see around your neck that's mine I leave a nigga white tee red on up I only shoot from the head on up (WHAT) nuttin else dawg I said I'm sicker than yo' average Sheek Louch.. ("Yo Louch") Yo ("C'mon now, stop playin with these niggaz") Say no more Fuck a shank I'm open, clappers get to loadin Leave the burners smokin runnin tryin to tuck it in All black niggaz tryin to figure what the fuck I'm in The Haze farmer, the leather bomber, the long shank I throw "Gasoline" on bitches like Daddy Yank' Suck my dick if you ain't my clique I should cum out your mouth if you ain't no chick Bitch, I'm too itchy, I need foot powder for my hands I make clam chowder quick out one of your mans In the hood we don't care about you You ain't nuttin to my niggaz, we don't hear about you You hear (BRRAP BRRAP) yeah that's my niggaz comin through You hear shots fired, probably D-Block niggaz too The egg crate sittin on top of the trey-eight Everything cool but you can tell that I can't wait to jump into his chest, or jump into his vest Either one I don't know why he wan' jump into this mess Yes, let it go down, once and for all I just hope y'all niggaz ready to brawl, let's go {*wolf howls*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Dirty Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {MARIO!!} [Sheek Louch] Woo! Sheek Louch nigga (muh'fuckers) Grave you with me? (Geah) "Dirty Money" huh? Let's go The African drum, the runaway slave (geah) They chained my feet and put me with Grave (woo) I'm back on my grind, niggaz behave (behave niggaz) It's not that I'm stupid, just that I'm brave They say that I'm mean, they want me to wave I'm watchin my back as close as you shave In and out like Jason and Dave (my niggaz) They shoulda never let a wolf out his cage (aowwwww) I'm too gully boil I go back like Fordham Road muslim oil Chew sticks and shit, two clips and shit, through whips and shit Rifles that almost got your boy Nixon hit And I'm not bluffin (nah) Which one of you turkeys wanna lose stuffin? It's nothin I'm that cocky (yeah) throwback Rocky (yeah) 20 Belows, jaw like I play hockey We can scrap player, fuck rap player Sheek the hardest on this side the Himalayas What'chu sayin cuz'? (whattup) Sheek been doin shows with my tale when I only had a street buzz Now it's big arenas (yeah), House of Blueses Sweep so clean the Knicks keep losin {MARIO!!} They say my album's sick Mario laugh because now he can get the streets back on his dick Hahaha, geah! D-Block {Mario?} "Dirty Money" muh'fucker, yeah Styles P whattup? The Ghost nigga Time is money nigga "Kiss of Death" in stores now Gravy, whattup nigga? You know how we do this shit man Aiyyo Gravy I'm outta here man Hold that shit down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Don't Fuck With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash {Hey Mario} [Sheek Louch] Yeah! Sheek Louch nigga Let the wolves out Let's go homeboy, let's go homegirl Let's get it poppin we ain't stoppin this is your world I talk shit man, grab my dick and Give these fake niggaz pounds with the same hand Hey yo whattup bitch? Suck or fuck somethin Hey yo whattup dawg? Stop talkin and buck somethin No security, I got it everywhere Places you need your passport I'm heavy there Nigga Sheek yeah, aight sit there And while you edit all the tires for your wheelchair Fuck outta here, I ain't playin wit'chu homey Besides a few albums, don't none of y'all really know me Blow somethin, punch a nigga in his face Clap back, let a muh'fucker know somethin Nigga all gimmick, e'rything for a buzz to get sales Ain't none of y'all authentic I'm in the hood dawg, niggaz see me When the last time you came through on GP Fuck a in-store, or some kind of tax writeoff Nigga sit down and take the night off Burn somethin up, put the glass one down Go in the store and get a five cent cup I'm Sheek Louch dawg, fuck album sales Talk about me say that nigga hard as nails Fuck a brick, lil' black electrical scales Better rethink it, and let the shit die Cause my niggaz comin hard I ain't gon' lie D-Block! D-Block! D-Block! D-Block! D-Block! {*laughing*} Aww shit, aww man whatever whatever man Let's go, D-Block! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Clickety Clank Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {M-M-Mario?} [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Poobs hit me nigga (hit me nigga) Okay! (Aiyyo where my beer at son?) Fuck it son, let's go in Aiyyo clickety clank, that "Piggy Bank" shit is garbage I thought it'd be harder than that I thought G-Unit niggaz worked harder than that I mean most of the shit, that I'm hearin is wack Young Buck hang on lah, I like the dude But it's war and any day I'll eat your food Lloyd Banks took Fab whole style, like you ain't know All you missin is his chipped tooth smile And homey I ain't never gon' respond to you I don't care what you say or what the fuck you do You don't deserve no raps (nah) Take your old ass home and take a nap, you garbage nigga Ha ha, y'all not scary, don't the artists come from Yonkers I know you wasn't talkin 'bout Mary (woo) You diesel fags, stay in the car And go G-G-G-G, all day in your sports bra I'm in the hood dick 'Member the place you used to come to, when your shit went brick (The hood nigga!) Before Eminem ever heard the shit you kick When you could walk around without none of your clique I don't care about your money dawg, no hatin either We can do this all day and I don't need a breather I want you to shut us down, how that sound? My name too strong you clown Guaranteed it's the can of worms you might wan' put the top back on, 'fore your ass get germs Back then niggaz wanted us to air y'all out I said nah I kinda like what them niggaz about Before I knew about the rattin Before you locked up half of Manhattan, Irv and his boys Before you ran around in them bulletproof toys I thought you was a "Problem Child" I see niggaz turn bitch when the shit get wild, ha ha Yo ten mill' nigga, or twenty mill' sold (it don't matter) You 'bout to lose the niggaz that's gold I explode on homey I like bein out but I unload on homey, let's keep this peace dawg Cause you and me both got them big ol' heats dawg Hahahaha That's how you rap right? Fuck outta here nigga Your shit garbage B You don't sound Southern motherfucker That fake-ass laugh and shit You do that laugh so niggaz don't see you cryin nigga D-Block bitch You fucked up now, you know you done fucked up now Sheek Louch what'chu gon' say bitch?! Woo! It's nothin Aiyyo Game, whattup my nigga? You know what it is already Henchmen whattup daddy? Yeah Whatever whatever nigga, we right here man Heh, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Lies & Rumors Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Don't push the Mario man!} [Intro] Man I'm a mass murderer nigga I don't give a fuck about this shit (word?) I get money out this muh'fucker man (yeah) Y'knahmsayin I get cake nigga Stab a nigga, punch him in their mouth and all that man Shoot a nigga dead (word?) Rob niggaz and all, you know how I get down (I'm feelin that, I'm feelin that daddy, let's go then c'mon) C'mon, where we goin? {M-M-Mario?} [Sheek Louch] Stop frontin {MARIO!!} Aiyyo [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] Lies, rumors, rumors, lies Bricks, bundles, birds, pies Murders, Bentleys, mansions, chill (Shoot shoot) niggaz'll fuck with you still [Sheek Louch] Hey yo fuck it nigga buck it nigga what'chu waitin for? Him to get into his car and cock back the four? Nah nigga, I ain't tryin to be up on the 4th floor of any hospital, lay him down before even score Man up nigga, get out and stand up nigga That's too small? Take this one it's a lil' bit bigger Matter of fact c'mon, let's go in the store and get a beer When we walk past each other, turn and pop him in his ear What'chu shakin for killer? Ain't yo' ass a Guerilla? I can't hear you, screw this fool, let's get a chinchilla There he go, see that nigga leanin on the sign? I'ma ask him for a light, you go and snuff him from behind Lay him down, take his coat, put it in his spine Leave him dead so he can't identify the line Ready nigga? What'chu mean chill? You told me it was real where you from, and you get down with the steel And you ain't got a problem doin no time in jail Right? C'mon let's keep goin I heard this soft nigga had a spot, he keep mucho dough in So much coke all around, you might think it's snowin But we gotta move fast, cause this kid'll blast And put somethin kinda heavy in yo' mask Keep shit tight, motherfucker is you ready to fight? What'chu mean, let you out at the light? Oh shit [Outro] Supa Mario! Big Mike [Sheek Louch] Hold on hold on aiyyo yo stop stop the muh'fuckin track Stop the track dawg, stop that shit Aiyyo Poobs hold on my nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Year of the Wolf Song: Let's Bounce Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Let's go Poobs, Sheek Louch {Mari-ohhh} [Chorus: Sheek Louch] Fuck that nigga let's bounce (let's bounce) Get some dutches, I'm 'bout to get a ounce (get a ounce) I ain't thinkin 'bout dawg, let's drink (let's drink) I'm in the hood, army coat, no mink (ooh-wee) Nigga's pussy and you know who you are Without security don't even leave the car (nah) I'ma be right here babe bro (yeah) Sheek Louch, D-Block, y'all know (Sheek Louch) {MARIO!!!} [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, whattup my niggaz? (Whattup niggaz?) Put it in the air if you don't give a fuck my niggaz Pour somethin dark brown in the cup my niggaz and get drunk (get drunk) pop the trunk (pop the trunk) Hey yo I'm back on my shit, they back on my dick I'm hearin lil' things about beef with my clique I'm readin these mags, I'm hearin these fags Niggaz all know if they want it with the Gho' We L-to-the-O, X amount of flow Nice amount of dough but we okay (we okay) But bet e'ry nigga in D-Block'll spray (D-Block!) Feel me? Nevermind that (nevermind that) that's lightweight (that's lightweight) I can end a whole battle with a light 8 Fuck a 16 (yeah) Sheek Louch mean (mean nigga!) Everyday jeans, white tee clean (WOO) We in the hood dawg, cops fuckin with us Not fuckin with us, nigga come and get us Spit razors out Lil' black 45 rubber grips with the lasers out Uhh, no security, big man soft Down the block and I ain't even let the shit off And I'm not platinum, and I'm not rich But you would think I went diamond bitch (D-Block!) Uhh, how the shows sold out Nosebleed section and the grass where the chairs fold off I don't hold out, Sheek Louch the truth In the hood, in or out the booth, motherfucker [Chorus] w/ some different ad libs [Sheek Louch] Fuck outta here, Jada whattup? Haha Supa Mario, Jae Hood whattup? This D-Block right here man I'ma just let, y'knahmsayin? Yo yo Poobs I hope niggaz know what they doin man Hehe, I swear to GOD {Don't push the Mario man!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ J-Hood Album: Time is Money Song: G*Joint Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Styles P] Man I rock the fuck out, though I don't know about everyone else Whatever we don't make, we gon' take muh'fucker Get this straight and fix yo' face I ain't got to sell millions, I'm in the buildings where papi comin through with them bricks by 8 Listen cocksucker and clown, I'll be leavin you cut You're like a dutch, how I'm bustin you down Niggaz drivin in a circle wit'cha hoe in the back 'll be the only damn way I be fuckin around And I'm aimin for your waist, hopin you duck So I can bust you in the head when I'm buckin the pound And I told you that I'm Holiday Styles, let's celebrate Heard you gettin money, I'll rob you right now And you gon' get popped in the head, true story Crips do they thing in blue gloves, pop off some red Me, I'm on the move only stopping for bread Double R and D-Block nigga, copper and lead, whattup [Verse Two: Styles P] Stay in the zone I don't know why the fuck you amped yo Got hoodrat bitches, carryin birds on the public transpo' Niggaz in the hoods that go out like Rambo They hot since 138th had that cancelled Young buck... dumb fuck I'm two guns up, "Ryde or Die" 'til the sun's up "Gangsta and a Gentleman" dog, I got class I'ma send a bunch a roses to your men in the morgue I'll be down South bendin a whore, ten in the morn' Dirty on 85 like Jay, Barnes, Sean Paul Beef with New York rappers, I'm killin 'em all On my Slick Rick shit, y'all could "Lick the Balls" I been cool cause these niggaz is ass, but fuck that Might as well call me pool cause I'm gettin splashed And that Lamborghini liftin the stash, even gettin the mass While some haze to mix with the hash, whattup [Verse Three: J-Hood] Pass that blunt nigga! I'm in the hood where the eggs get knocked off Gang members find they family members with both of they legs chopped off Niggaz ain't scrappin, they bangin ya The judge don't need a tree branch when they hangin ya All y'all fags'll get ate like clams Since this is a "Bloodsport" bitch, you could call me J Van Damme All these so called guerillas be tellin How a rat gon' give you "Thoughts of a Predicate Felon," muh'fucker Homey what you want, the blade or the slug I'm the one that send the order when they sprayed up the club Bitch nigga, bow your head in the presence of G's Load the lead up and squeeze; I'm a great dane, niggaz is fleas Fuckin rats cant wait to call cops 'Til I make 'em sick and put pellets in they mouth like cough drops J-Hood bitch, my name ring in the ghetto Cause I'm O.G. and I play the streets like a cello The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Talib Kweli Album: Time is Money Song: Testify Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Testify!"} [Styles P] Time I testify, listen Why Malcolm get killed by the N.O.I.? I'm yellow but I'm dark for real And why nobody flip when Martin was killed? Why Mandela did all them years All that blood, all that sweat, and all them tears? And I can name thousands more that died in the struggle from Mr. Wallace to Mr. Shakur That's why I stay influenced to "Kick in the Door" Bring the White House dudes around the blacks that's poor Notice that it's "unity" in "opportunity" Make a lil' cash, now the block is screwin me Brand new E-Class, cops pursuin me Guess they wanna see me park it Lookin at my gun, they wanna see me spark it But I'm the Ghost and if I could vote it would be for Sharpton Yeah~! S.P. {tes-ti-fy} Kweli {tes-ti-fy} equality {"Testify!"} S.P. {tes-ti-fy} Kweli {tes-ti-fy} equality [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yo, yo We never stop like the news watch Still tryin to fill the void of Biggie and Tupac We on them avenues with the red and the blue tops Dudes hot to shoot cops from the rooftops Too many snitch niggaz TESTIFY Warrior kings sent to the bing and left to die Girls confuse sex with love so they extra dry And got birth control stuck to they necks and thigh Whoa, it ain't a game, they want the blacks all killed off Our caps all peeled off, nigga this real talk What's ill is y'all niggaz still caught up in them battle raps There's beef in the hood, +Escaladin+ like Cadillacs Monkey on your back livin like a junkie Addicted to a dream, wanna die for your country Tear down the prison walls, set everyone free From freedom fighters to Askari X to Pimp C [Talib Kweli] Yeah... kids slip in the clip and aim for the fortune cause the fame ain't shit to gain They get stuck on whips and chains, so freedom slip they brain And psychologically that shit's insane Now that's crazy, a function of raisin the crack babies Sell it back to them cats freebasin back in the 80's (C'mon) Disco shit, nigga cock the toast Hi-Tek on the track and we rock with the Ghost [Styles P] Damn right I make gangster music But I still spit poetry like Langston Hughes did Pressures of the ghetto might make you lose it Grab AK's and go and make the news kid Might lose control, but not my soul Won't sell for the white man to buy me some white gold Sell for the black man, to buy me control P, Tek and Kweli, the shit come from the soul y'know? {*scatting to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Time is Money Song: How we Live Typed by: pj_hoody@yahoo.com Havoc: Yeah! Watup, son? Styles: Havoc, watup nigga good lookin for the beat. I'ma talk shit over this one Havoc: Told you I got you my nigga. But um, I want you to let these niggaz know why you in that top 5. Styles: This is my livin nigga Havoc: Why you that nigga. Styles: It feel good in here Havoc: Yeah! [Verse 1] Second time around I'ma let the magic shoot This time it's off the Havoc flute yeah I'm a general and criminal yall fags salute I'm in the streets while yall sweet like a bag of fruit And I stick to my timberlands like I'm maganoo Ya man lookin like he want it he can have it to Try to tell these muthafuckas they should do as do does I been smoking haze just as green as the zoo was Sorta like the city of Gods We be screamin out "we gon' make it" but I pity the odds I'm like knock out Ned when I pop out led But I even been around to pass Biggie cigars So I smoked wit a legend, if you took the oath then the ghost is ya bredrin blowin smoke in the seven Or maybe it's the hooptie in these pisshole slums Just tryna kick my piece off of kiko's drums Ya know Jadakiss: This is how we live Styles: Smoking, drinking, hustling, thinking Jadakiss: This is how we live Styles: Drug spots, projects, Jail cell stinking Jadakiss: This is how we live Styles: Whole block run when they see cop lights blinking Jadakiss: This is how we live Styles: Benjamins, grants, Washingtons Lincolns [Verse 2] Die once you live twice die twice you live once Get the shit confused so I'm puffin on the big blunts Kick it wit the kid that be deep in the zone It's the ghost, I got to go to sleep just to get home I'm spiritually outta this world Meet my lyrics on the darkside come back when the dutchie get twirled I'm the alpha and omega of nice I'm the messenger sent by the force at the head of the light But satan's ridin my back in the dead of the night I be doin some crazy shit for some bread and some ice God I'm tryna focus with my third eye lens I smoke haze to see my brother when he blow that wind And I'm a grown man so I know my sins And niggaz don't get the picture so do Kodak win? The shit'sover their head and under their nose Not a star cause I'm a sun when it come to a flow Ya Know [Verse 3] I'm a rare individual Represent my team till they put in me in the earth no air in my physical I don't need to dream I live another life when I sleep it's so deep I'ma spare you the visual Far from religious but my heir's name is biblical Stay away from crabs they don't care cause they miserable School lil niggaz You could by diamonds but I could play wit words that's a jewel lil nigga Tongue sharp like a sword I could get ya fam killed just off my word that's the proper Art of War Stay wit the Parker and the Porsche I don't trust a soul cause niggaz threw rocks up at the Lord The cash aint right there the mask is right there Niggaz try P I'ma blast 'em right there You don't want ya right ear next to ya Nike Airs Said I'm from the darkside bringin the light here Wha! Styles: Second time around, you know what time it is. It's all lyrics over here nigga. Feel me nigga! And I'm in the hood for real. All day all night shit like that. Yo Hav once again good lookin out for the beat nigga. SP the Ghost, ONE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Gerald Levert Album: Time is Money Song: Real Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] + (Gerald Levert) (From the heart) This shit is crazy Storch (From the soul) Thank you my nigga (yeah, yeahhh) I appreciate it (ooooooh, from the heart) Y'know I'm so much in the street (well well well) I don't get a good look all the time (it's f'real) So thank you (it's f'real, it's f'real, yeah) "In God We Trust," it says it on the dollar bill So should I say hallelujah? Matter fact, what's a dollar to ya? Is it a paper painted green or the root of all evil like your father schooled you? They wanna bill me quick, niggaz wanna kill me quick Gotta spend a buck for somethin nice at the dealership Can't work for minimum wage nigga, to tell the truth That's why I live in a cage nigga Soon to be dependin on haze nigga, shit and I ain't pretendin When a crook get a book with a happy endin Dawg I'm in the bad mood most the time Nine milli' have you close to dyin But it's senseless, when I can let loose and just spit a sentence of some absurd shit Like four cars copped off of one bird flipped I know crime ain't rhyme but I prefer this [Chorus: Gerald Levert] + ad libs This is the real shit, givin niggaz real fits And if you can't handle it Then you ain't been where I been And you ain't been where I been This is for real shit, givin niggaz real fits And if you can't handle it Then you ain't been where I been And you ain't been where I been, this is for real [Styles P] Die fo' what you believe in Get high for numerous reasons, no confession, no {?} Just me in a dark room and the fumes that I breathe in Spirit leave the physical, leave off the Earth Then I breeze on the burst cause I'm cursed with bein lyrical Dawg I decapitate niggaz, I never was yellow But I'm nicer than the happy-face sticker All I need's a beat and the mic gloved up Your career's goin good 'til you're bumpin into me And I hit you with some shit that make your life fucked up Only thing to stop me from killin you sloppy if God intervene or Christ jump up... what? [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P] Shit's close to the end and I ain't a beginner Think I got a little thinner, only thing I mean is that everybody dinner - this the house of pain Tell everybody in there, I'ma bring it to 'em right Money burn, guns fire, led finger to a life Change your address, feds follow when they glue the kite Shit is all love, same time it's real too Move OT or go and kill 'em 'fore they kill you [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P over Chorus] This is the Ghost nigga, Double R and D-Block Scott Storch, whattup [Gerald Levert] No no no no no NOOOOOO~! No no NO! You ain't been where I been, no no! No no no no no no no no no nooooooo... [Styles P] Get high The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ The Lox, Swizz Beatz Album: Time is Money Song: Who Want a Problem (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] + (Swizz) Oh yeah, S.P. the Ghost, I'm back Y'all know how I do You don't want no problems with me (LADIES!) You see me, leave me alone 'Fore somethin bad happen, y'know? HAHAHAHAHAHA~! [Swizz Beatz] Who want a problem ha, ha? (*4X*) [Styles P] Yeah, I wanna know who got a problem with me I ain't got a model with me, good lookin hood chick that'll hit you with a bottle for me A couple homies from the hood that know how I do When I move they gon' follow me Yeah, you from D-Block right? Ruff Rydin all night, you outta see my lights Watch the 'gnac get chased by the champagne Mary jane blowin, livin life in the fast lane Gotta stay fresh, cause I live by my last name - Styles And they ain't make 'em like me in a while Black tie affair, them Airs is crocodile So whoever want a problem I still can stomp you out [Chorus 2X: Swizz Beatz] Who want a problem ha, ha? (*3X*) Is it the nigga over there? [Sheek Louch] Yeah look look Neo on the beat, glock in my murder hand Back seat Pakistan, I can just kill a man It's gettin warm, they home for the summer And left the winter clothes in the dorm I don't want a problem, it's too much flesh out They want me to cock back and blow their chest out See me in the yard with a Newport, stressed out It's too damn hot to walk around here vest out Feel me dawg, make money or make a hit Other than that, can't think of shit My son gettin bigger, it's like every week this lil' nigga His clothes or his Jordans don't fit, who want a problem? [Jadakiss] HEYYY~! I'm comin the 4th quarter So I'ma just give you the summer to tread water Way they wrote it down in the paper it said slaughter Found him in the tub with nothin but red water But anyway, back on track Honey in the black on black, ass all fat Whattup ma? You feel like winnin, feel like spinnin? Lil' Jimmy Chu footwear, antique denim Shh, you do the math to that, six months for these Louis and these jeans is a half a stack What more could you ask than that? Whoever got a problem get all of the desert and half the mac BRRAP [Swizz Beatz] Talk to me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Rashad Album: Time is Money Song: Favorite Drug Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Somethin 'bout you, I don't know, HA HA~! Yeah... [Rashad] + (Styles P) Heyyyy-yayyyyy You're the one (yeah) You're the one, yeahhhh (that's what it feels like) You're my favorite drug (you're my favorite drug) [Styles P] You're my favorite drug, amazin love Cause you never, tell your friends where David was Got a blunt blaze it up, we can get a room in the Trump That's the one with our favorite tub Damn you fly, why lie when I get high All I do is think about how I'ma ride them thighs I ain't never been one to make no girly songs But I'll be up in this chick 'til the early morn' Mighta came with some Temples but those Shirleys gone She laughin makin a joke she gon' sell out porns Got me head over heels, puffin on a dutch Thinkin to myself, might spread some bread for some wheels I might be wrong, but honey is right Got to have my back strong when I come for the night Her "Milkshake" bring my ass to the yard and we don't care if we do it in the telly or the back of the car, what? [Chorus: Rashad] You're my favorite drug, get me high Like the skies above, yeah Feels like I'm in love, I'm so high You're my favorite drug [Styles P] Stoned as usual; pickin up my chick We gon' bone as usual; she been talkin shit on the phone as usual - pull up on the block in somethin real nice on chrome as usual Either one of us don't care where we headed Park the truck, get a dutch, watch "American Wedding" I like her cause she cool, graduated school Got a mean stick in pool Cut a nigga quicker than me she a fool When everybody flip she was still playin rules She the shit like some stools I'm open like the windows is Everytime we have sex I'm in limbo kid And she make me stop quicker than my brimbles did So no longer do I care where the fuck them other bimbos is She's my favorite drug, the shit so serious Me, her and purple, point black period [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P] Me and her been doin it far too much 'Til the 55 box of cigars is up Right before checkout time is the hardest nut The valet call the room and say the cars is up A dutch and a shot, that's what P thing is Then I be all up in that ass like them G strings is She is my favorite drug, so is the purple So I get 'em both together then I blaze 'em up [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Rashad] Drug.. drug.. drug.. Only one I want in my life Only one I want in my LIFE~! Ohhhhh-hoooo, yeah-yeahhhhh Drug.. drug.. drug.. {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Akon Album: Time is Money Song: Can You Believe It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] + (Akon) What up John (testing 1-2-3) What up 'Kon Hah (ay) Let's go (Konvict Music.. can you believe it?) [Styles P] + (Akon) Fresh white tee, fresh car wash Summertime hood niggaz look like stars Jewelry drip, fresh white Airs Mami shake it up, keep your ass right there (Ohhh can you believe it?) My man got liquor and my cup's right here I can smell smoke pass the dutch right here Nigga pass that, Capri pants with the waist cut off, I wanna smash that (Ohhh can you believe it?) Party and pack, minglin baby Knockin LL shit, you "Jinglin' Baby?" Back your ass up or I'ma start tinglin baby We can have more fun than Ringaling baby (Ohhh can you believe it?) P hit the club with a dutch and a dub with it Nigga don't cuff it if you ain't in love with it Matter fact let your grub get it Please don't hate cause at least you can say you was with it [Chorus: Akon] Can you believe it? I take a little a break and get off the streets Clear my mind from the shit I see In a world full of smoke, contact from the weed That's when it really dawned on me That I'ma be here for life, ain't never gon' leave The ghetto's all that I know It's just another day in the hood my nigga Layin back trying get this dough Yellin out ohhh-ohhhh All up in the club and you know how we roll Squad deep like ohhh-ohhhh Bad little bitches with they booty on swoll I'm tryin to peep like ohhh-ohhhh Know yo' ass feel it cause it's outta control Let me hear you say ohhh-ohhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhh-ohhhh; can you believe It? [Styles P] Big-ass truck, brand new rims Tanktop Yankee, tanned out Timbs Bracelet, chain, fronts popped in New tattoos, new black shoes (Hey, can you believe it?) Gucci, Urbes, we do that too Wanna feel the breeze get a new black Coupe Nigga drop the top, come through the hood Put a hundred on your three or your foul line shot (Ohhh can you believe it?) Linen outfits, all on the bus Cause none of us can see a summer without trips Mad hot so the little boys might bother you But they all act good if the hood bother you [Styles P] Basketball tournaments, pitbull pups Ladies in the club pourin Crist' in cups Niggaz in the jail callin home on the phone (cause they "Locked Up") But you still tryin to act like ain't shit rough Mad cyphers in the park, mad fights in the park Niggaz talk how they run every night from the NARC's Outside from the light to the dark, then the dark to the light I wanna smoke but I could search for my life [Akon] Can you believe it? I done spent ten again Wtching her bend again, dancin for many men Tell me have ever thought of gettin in In a room full of Konvicts and D-Block militants They'll show you the time of your life You can occupy my passenger side Introduce you to the street life Watch you fall in love after just one night Ohhh-ohhhh All up in the club and you know how we roll Squad deep like ohhh-ohhhh Bad little bitches with they booty on swoll I'm tryin to peep like ohhh-ohhhh Know yo' ass feel it cause it's outta control Let me hear you say ohhh-ohhhh Let me hear you say ohhhhh-ohhhh; can you believe It? [Styles P] + (Akon) Can you believe it? (Can you believe it?) (Can you believe it?) Lil' Jon, Akon, S.P. the Ghost Feel what we tryin to do (Can you believe it?) Can you believe it, hahahaha~! (Can you believe it?) (Can you believe it?) {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Jagged Edge Album: Time is Money Song: Kick it Like That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jagged Edge] Baby, you you.. [Chorus: Jagged Edge] If it's so good, why you kick it like that You be callin me when your man's in the back When the shit blows up, you can go on me Cause he don't know nothin 'bout a rider like me If it's so good, why you kick it like that You be callin me while your man's in the back When the shit blows up, you can go on me Cause he don't know nothin 'bout a rider like me Rider like me [Styles P] Listen ma, I'm far from a pimp But we can do the thang cause the car got tints My love's like a jungle, hop around like some chimps Or we can do the thang 'til the stick go limp Your man's a wimp like Frankie said I'm in the white tee gang and I'm a Yankee head This my sophomore solo album I'ma take a lot of shots and not for no photo album Come through in the Polo outfit Ryde or Die, two guns up, who I roll out with Keep talkin to me you gon' end up spouseless Keep hearin you're jackassin who you out with [Styles P] Tell your man he can meet the pump I'm at the double-oh suites of Trump, for at least a month Got a whole lot of liquor and some reefer blunts I'm on the laid back tip, I don't need to front Tell your man he don't want no problems Better let him know that I'm hard like J.E. album I'm just tryin to fall back, get me some revenue But I'ma make you feel like you walked out of heaven too Ride like the down South Caddies, listen He might be yo' man, but I'm yo' daddy Call me from the back cause you want me badly Ask me to scoop you and I do that gladly [Interlude: Jagged Edge] If it's so good, girl Why you kick it like that, girl Callin me from the back, and My niggaz don't know how to act, and And if it's all hood, babe Why you lookin so sad, babe Always gettin mad at me My niggaz don't know how to act, no-HOHHH~! [Styles P] You can say she's sorta like my Wednesday lover We in the Benz if he find out he probably plug us I don't wanna ride on him, just came home Matter of fact I'm tryin to hide on him, get in that dome She wanna call from the back, knowin I don't know how to act I don't got a problem blowin the mac But I'd rather play the bed with her legs in the vertical Knockin Jagged Edge, Porsche Turbo convertible We can leave New York, skip to the A-Town Five star suite, hit me off with the hay now I'm just tryin to stay low, ma you feel me? I don't need no jealous dudes tryin to peel me [Outro: Jagged Edge] No, it's it's so good Hey yeah, yeah yeahhhh While your man is in the back Mmm-mmmmmm Yeah-heyyy, oooh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Floetry  Album: Time is Money Song: I'm Black Typed by: Jadabandit@aol.com (I'm Black) Whether I'm poor or rich, or rich or poor Though its all the same shit (I'm Black) Even though my skins kind of light That means my ancestors was raped by somebody white (I'm Black) So I like to sing dance and crack jokes Eat good food and be around black folks (I'm Black) Sort of like the Holys on Sundays Drink all night and still go to work monday (I'm Black) So I like the kids looking real nice Cuz I've been poor and I know what it feels like (I'm Black) And I'ma say it loud like James Brown People be proud cuz we all up in the game now (I'm Black) And I'ma hold my right fist real high Might see my man and we might get real high (I'm Black) And I know it, and I aint afraid to show it  (I'm Black) And I'm the genius in the motherfuckin Poet You know it  (Ohh Ohhh) Chorus (Floetry) So proud to be just who I'am So proud to say that I'm me... So proud to be just who I'am So proud to be so free (I'm Black) So proud to say that I made it  (I'm Black) The one who struggled in the hatred (I'm Black) And I'm not afraid to say it  (I'm Black..Cuz I know I'm Sinking) (I'm Black) So I gotta heart full of bravery  Do for my peoplez that went through Slavery (I'm Black) So you know I'm young in the sports Nintey percent chanced I get hunged in the Court  (I'm Black) Don't you be scared of me Mister Cuz you don't really seem to be scared of my sister (I'm Black) And I can ride first class too Or buy an exotic car and like murk past you  (I'm Black) And I don't need a tan in the winter Mind strong and powerful now a cypher can't enter (I'm Black) And I don't need jewelry to shine  Look in my skin color is like the jewelry is blind  (I'm Black) They focus on the negative attention Do something positive, and never get mentioned (I'm Black) Listen it's a fact, original man  I wouldn't change it if I could and thats that  Chorus(Floetry) So proud to be just who I'am So proud to say that I'm me... So proud to be just who I'am So proud to be so free (I'm Black) So proud to say that I made it  (I'm Black) The one who struggled in the hatred (I'm Black) And I'm not afraid to say it  (I'm Black) (I'm Black...I'm Black...Ohh...Yeah...Yeah) (I'm Black) Even with a caramel complextion Look in the mirror see Malcolm and Martin reflection (I'm Black) Just like the PANTHERS, looking for an answer It's prejudice shit is like a cancer (I'm Black) Look in my eyes the wall can't get pulled over Look in my cars and stay gettin pulled over (I'm Black) Me the public enemies number one Government looking in the hood sending in the gun (I'm Black) I grew up off the good time show Drink liquor smoke weed and let the good times roll (I'm Black) I live for my wife and my seeds  And my mom with a bond only God can acceed (I'm Black) I got to show my homeboys love First thing you learnt in the hood is homeboy love (I'm Black) And I'm mad if I ain't nuthin else  (I'm Black) I'm beautiful and I love myself (Say together) YEAH! (Love myself...Ohh yeah) Chorus(Floetry) So proud to be just who I'am So proud to say that I'm me... So proud to be just who I'am So proud to be so free (I'm Black) So proud to say that I made it  (I'm Black) The one who struggled in the hatred (I'm Black) And I'm not afraid to say it  (I'm Black) (I'm Black...I'm Black...Yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Sizzla Album: Time is Money Song: Fire & Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sizzla] WOOO~! Ha, King Selassie I know Sizzla Kalonji, girls smiles, whoa-yeah-yeahhh [Styles P] Shit is too too crazy, listen Got bad luck, like I ran and fucked the voodoo lady Every other week I'm in handcuffs Stack somethin, lose somethin, somethin keep fuckin my plans up Movin in a hurry, thinkin time is slow when I pass the cemetery where my lil' brother is buried All I can do is salute, pound on my chest God got his army and we all his recruits But, every other night I see demons Do somethin wild and I don't know the reasons Blame it on the air, so I say it's the seasons Tell my niggaz light the fuck up cause I'm fiendin Get it - it's somethin when the sadness turn into madness Got me doin shit, where I'm runnin from badges I can see my life in some flashes, they think that I'm clashes I pour more 'gnac in the glass kid [Sizzla] It's all about we got da tools wid us Fuckin CRAZY~! Things ain't gonna be cool wid us Luxurious - bring the guns along dey always cruise wid us Those fuckers know better, that's cause dem no fool wid us Huh, fuckin dogs, we gon' put dem in some leeches As far as it reaches, we gon' iron out dem creases with the four pieces, DEM got to use around the neck Cannon go squeezes, DEM a soldier CRAZY believe it [Styles P] I go to sleep and my soul cry, nigga it's no lie Why you think I'm so high, I flow like it's no time Funny when your mind is a goldmine, and niggaz is golddiggers Guess you gon' learn when it's yo' time Stressed up to my shoulders, fuck it I'ma ride now Brim of the Yankee, sittin on my eyebrows Look at the stash and think that I'm gassed off the Godfather saga cause Vito wouldn't lie down Me and destiny got a date, wheover with me rollin If you ain't then you go get your 8, cause I ain't gon' fold I take 'em all on I've been dyin for the day to get my war on I reflect on the days when I played Rahway gettin my score on And came back to the hood with my forearms Go get more mans, I got floor plans and 23 ways to blow you out of them Jor-dans [Sizzla] Try to beat me but don't worry I got dem Make dem bleed blood it's a pleasure to squash dem They ain't allathat so, I saw dem escapin from de cops dem ain't see me tryin to stop dem Say you're livin BIG~! On top of de world You go against me you gon' get freed on dis side of de world yah They say you're mad I say things comes and go But I never leave mi gun because I wan kill dem fuckin punks [Styles P] Some niggaz say I'm the sickest If I got a show ghetto niggaz go get the ticket If I ain't blow on the stage, I had me a gauge Outside on some bullshit, ready to stick it Like the hood made me wicked as hell Thought about more bullshit sittin in jail, listen up It's nothin more important than feedin your seeds I got two, so I just start believin in greed It's like I'm needin the weed and needin to read Got to go against the odds just to even achieve It's like I'm tired of the hassle and all that You the king I run up in your castle and all that I'm nicer than whoever you can name, been through the dark side Walked back through the flames and came with a lightning push Shined on the game, and e'rybody die at the drop of a dime if they rhyme on my name [Sizzla] Sit bak relax heah we kickin for a while Sizzla Kalonji and Styles, yeah beautiful girls dey smile Bless your feet on de Jamaican side, dat's de profile Why de fuck de fuckin enemies wanna spoil, yeah True born leaders woo yeah we navigate Yah life is a cycle, so things got to gravitate Smoke de fuckin herb, that's how I meditate One love to de world, damn tell dem we ain't gon' seperate [Styles P] Shit is crazy, life is somethin really I'm the Ghost, woo~! We gotta live though, fuck it y'know I know, feel me nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Flipsyde Album: Time is Money Song: Burn One Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Ghost Vinny Idol nigga YEAH~! Flipsyde [Flipsyde] + (Styles P) And I'm gonna burn one down (gonna burn..) Burn one down (this song.. the fuck..) And I'm gonna burn one down (DOWN.. YEAH!) Burn one down [Styles P] I don't care if it's a blunt or a mic right If it's daytime I'm lookin forward to night lights Real street cat, but you know that I'm nice right And I ain't got to cram, but in a minute I might write And I don't want that, I want somethin that burn long A lot of money and a long career that could earn strong Burn one down this time with the Flipsyde Burn one down for the homies with sick rides Burn one down; I'm the one that put the fire on the track I'm the +Ghost+, so I got the hood, +ridin+ on my back Ain't no front door, I'm the one slidin through the back You want heat? I'm the one that's providin you with that What? Nigga [Chorus: Flipsyde] + (Styles P) And I'm gonna burn one down (Set or strip, it's money to get, nigga) Burn one down And I'm gonna burn one down (Dutch or wood, club or hood, nigga) Burn one down And I'm gonna burn one down (Mic on rapid, know what I'm after, nigga) Burn one down And I'm gonna burn one down (Crew or click, wheover you get, nigga) Burn one down [Styles P] Third one down; if you in the top five rappers then you should be a concerned one now I take anybody, one turn, one round Just to get the crown, keep your round on the ground None of y'all is big, not to be funny but none of y'all is Big, keep talkin that king shit none of y'all can live, cause I be on the streets where none of y'all is, it's funny y'all is talkin 'bout how much money y'all get But I'm 'bout to show the game how cruddy I get Burn one down like a log in the fireplace Whoever think they're the king well come along and try the ace Yeah, nigga~! [Styles P] Burn an MC like an arsonist Tell him I'm the hardest in the game when he market it Seven-six-oh, L.I. and it's carpeted Five blunts rolled right up where the locket is, YEAH Is that so ill, I spit like the flames out the back of the Batmobile; yeah I rap but you gon' be a rat fo' real, D-Block Double R nigga clap yo' steel Burn one down, in a dutch or a wood or a Swisher Sweet If it's goin down watch the whole hood lift the heat And I'ma blow cause it's my turn now Pass the dutch motherfucker, I'ma burn one down Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Time is Money Song: Leave a Message Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*answering machine beeps*} [Styles P] Street life my niggaz Shit's a motherfucker you know? I try to tell these shorties somethin They look at me like, "What the fuck? Nigga you worse than me" Nigga, don't listen to the message Listen to the message A message to my son, it's times in my life where I stood around to fight when it was better off to run A message to my daughter, daddy ain't make you But sometimes in life blood ain't thicker than water A message to my wife, I gotta say I love you And thank you for makin shit better in my life A message to my moms, don't worry about your kids Cause love is always love when we in God's arms A message to my pops, my head's on my shoulders And I'm takin care of family and never will it stop A message to my sister, your big brother got you But never in life let a coward nigga twist you A message to my niggaz, when it comes to the hood Who the fuck in the world could do it better than my niggaz A message to my group, we got it we made it Cause nobody in the world sound better in the booth {*BEEP~!*} If I don't pick up just leave me a message I don't pick up, just leave me a message - I'm gone right now {*BEEP~!*} If I don't pick up just leave me a message I don't pick up, just leave me a message - it's on right now {*BEEP~!*} If I don't pick up just leave me a message I don't pick up, just leave me a message - I'm gone right now {*BEEP~!*} If I don't pick up just leave me a message I don't pick up, just leave me a message [Styles P] A message to the jail, I don't really write Cause it's hard for me to say keep your head up through the mail A message to the poor, stressin the life What we don't get now we get in the second life A message to the kids, stick to your school Cause if you fuck with the streets that's jail or a bid A message to the wild, you should calm down Cause everybody rattin and you probably blow trial A message to the ladies, depend on yourself So if daddy walk out you take care of the baby A message to the rich, you should spread love 'Fore niggaz like me go ahead and spread clips A message to the hood, shit is bad now But we gon' be aight, cause it's soon to be good A message to the world, I don't give a FUCK P smoke 'til he he and he drink 'til he earl [Styles P] Many ways they can send you a message, like a word from the wise Or a 45 that send you to heaven Some'll throw you a look, others a book Like the king gettin killed by the rook, straight-forward Some'll grab they soul when they feel like the Lord's callin Some see it before it come My nigga, one is all and all is one I wanna see us all rich before all this done But it's really God call cause we all his sons Some I'ma play my role, hope God save my soul Let me slide for them sins I owe Pain and more pain's the only change I know Brain stay in the frame, I'm in the game I blow Either my watch broke or my lame-ass slow But I'ma count my blessings 'til I get to the essence It's all good just send me a message, what? [Styles P] A message to the jail A message to the poor A message to the kids A message to the wild A message to the ladies A message to the rich... {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Blow Your Mind Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Swizzie! (Ghost!) Yeah, smoke, now S.P. c'mon, S.P. c'mon Ghost - it's showtime, it's showtime! Ghost - lighters in the air! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] I wanna roll somethin up so I-I can just blow, my mind (lighters in the air!) I wanna, blow my mind (hey, hey - lighters in the air!) Blow my mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) You should roll somethin up so you can just um, blow, your mind (blow your mind!) You should just blow your mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) Blow your mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) [Styles P] Mind blown and I'm tore down Still blow an ounce and a half, even more now Yeah, put your lighters in the air, light it up in here Yeah, put it in the air, see if I'ma puff in here You should find that I came to blow my mind out Pass it and you drop it I'ma put you on time-out Like Joe Frazier I'm smokin, mere bang out in the open In the tub, but it feel like the ocean I swear to God it be floatin And I don't need a car to be coastin, you could say that I'm boastin But this is S.P., and I know my time When I hear showtime, I'ma blow my mind! [Styles P] The black hippie, the sack wit me, the lighter too I have dreams of Amsterdam every night or two (Amsterdam) I feel good, the sky couldn't be a brighter blue Sun lookin like a tangerine You got green and it's mean, brother hit me like a tambourine I need a minute to myself, second to myself Pass the dutchie on the left, whoever's suckin on the L I'ma need candy cause I know my breath is gon' smell I don't get sleep but some good restin off a L Mind blown, time fly, time gone Missed my exit on the highway I ride on Roll another one, get in my good time zone [Styles P] I'm gone, the 'gnac and the wine gone Eyes look stoned shit, but what, I'm grown Over 21, come over to my zone In less than two hours see a 50 box blown Lovin the smell, feelin the texture And we got a whole lot but we still gettin extra Guess what's on the menu for breakfast Roll with the Ghost if you wanna get messed up [Outro: Styles P] I mean just get blown away Y'know... do what you do Bungie jump or somethin, speed in the car Do whatever blows your mind away I know what blows mine away [Swizz Beatz] You should roll somethin up so you can just um, blow, your mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Ray J Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Let's Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Ray J] {YEAHHH-YOWWW!!} Let's go! Yeah, yeah, ohhhhh-whoa I break it down like, ohhhhh-whoa {YEAHHH-YOWWW!!} Yeah, yeah, yeah I break it down like, ohhhhh-whoa Ohhhhh-whoa, let's go! [Styles P] Just wanna have fun, just wanna laugh hard Passed out in the front yard or the back yard Have me a ball right, stayed up all night Thinkin to myself that the party was all right Woke up with a hangover, who called the gang over? Porsche, Corvette, Tahoe and the Range Rover Pulled up in my driveway I'm stuck so I look at 'em sideways I need about an hour or less To eat somethin then, run and take a shower and get fresh Yeah, and then, all day long we on the hunt for the money And, all night long we on the hunt for the money Late night, probably in the club with a honey She said make it rain, but she can't get nothin from me Let the roof burn, I bet tomorrow night it'd be sunny Can you dig it? Said a joke but she ain't think it was funny, y'know? [Chorus: Ray J] In the club girl (yeah) V.I.P. and (yeah) Poppin bottles (yeah) Hennessy and (yeah) LET'S GO! Ohhhhh-whoa I break it down like, ohhhhh-whoa On a island (yeah) jet-skiin (yeah) Me and you girl (yeah) for the weekend (yeah) LET'S GO! Ohhhhh-whoa I break it down like, ohhhhh-whoa Big pimpin, big pimpin, yeahhhh [Styles P] I just wanna get me a cup, go and sticky it up For the young boys, blicky{?} it up Where the after party? Know I got the piff in the truck I'm a man stuck, and I'm the one that's gettin them up But I'm tired, can't shake that last cup Said the cops is comin, that'll wake that ass up Back to the block just to make that fast buck Then I'm in the studio spittin them bars I ain't talkin 'bout coffee but I'm gettin them +Star-bucks+ Used to be, in and out of jail, you could blame it on hard luck But now I'm doin good, it's the gangster that God trust [Styles P] Picture me up in the big crib +Party and Bullshit+ just like Big did Sure then, hard y'know, just like a skid bid Why you think they scared of me up in the business? And when I go out, it's to party and dance Don't you think about the heat, it's just part of the pants Cause I come from the streets where e'rybody is amped So my man talk to 'em, give 'em a chance [Ray J] See, I need two more Hennessy shots, bartender Two more shots of Patrón to get up in her Ohhhhh-whoa (ha ha, we takin shots) Ohhhhh-whoa, to get up in her like One for the money, two for the dough Three for the DJ, fo' for the TKO-ohhhhhh Ohhhhh-whoa, ohhhhh-whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Alone in the Street Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample] "Alone in the street" "A-alone in the street" "A-alone in the street" [Styles P] You fuckin with my soul right here All night I don't really care what I sell or what I sold As long as I give my soul whenever my story told I don't know how you roll but I roll, all alone in the zone knowin damn well my little brother home Still feel him in the passenger seat I can't see him and I wish that he can chatter with me In due time until then, you can say I got more than a few rhymes Thought I'd be there to see him like more than a few times Tryin to stay away from beef, but shit is gettin deep I ain't restin right, it's like I'm on layaway for sleep I think I shoulda been a author or somethin Disappear like Hoffa or somethin, came back when they offer me somethin My word I, got a little crust in my third eye Headache's why I be meditatin; thoughts is devastatin Could this be my last life? Maybe my past life? Is the future when I'm sleep? So what was last night? I'm goin in deep - and you know the Ghost [Chorus: Styles P] {"Alone in the street"} One two three four 5 o'clock in the mornin, you know I'm tryin to see more {"Alone in the street"} All day, all night All by myself, you know that I'm all right {"Alone in the street"} Seven eight nine ten eleven 12 PM, you know I'm tryin to get it in {"Alone in the street"} All day, all night [Styles P] Mad live, could learn to bounce out on a bad vibe Or either keep a gun in your cab ride Have I thought about my life as a bad guy? Made a little money sellin rocks that was capsized Robbed a lot of people like I never was baptized Yeah I was a very young teen when I took my shit harder But got right off my dean when I could book the Ramada Cause I'd rather be a robber or a midnight marauder There's a part of me that love bein gangster, all of me I couldn't help but get in the game, the shit was callin me And I think that I was callin it back But you can't help but trip when you fall in the trap If the Lord call, who got the phone for callin him back? Things are man-made, why don't you tell man to do that? But he can't, so I'ma stay on the spiritual flack Cause it's a uphill battle when I'm dealin with that [Styles P] Consider this a sermon, start to burnin Never said you was hard, I ain't give you the permit I might think you vermin, better yet vomit Alone in the streets with the gun by the armpit Can't put a shark with a pawn fish, it's conflict Sorta like mixin boy scouts with the convicts Somebody gon' pay if somebody gon' play Cause the streets cold-hearted on a hot summer day If you gon' rap please stop, run away Go home, flush ya crack then, give ya gun away Cause the rules is written down, in invisible ink Just consider what the critical think Don't rat, do your bid in the clink; stand tall lil' boy Get yourself a shrink if you're feelin you're paranoid But real talk, fuck jail talk, I know home's sweet Even locked down in a cage is where your dome be [Chorus] - echoes at the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Bully Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: In It to Win It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Styles P] Lot of people mad I ain't dead yet S.P. comin through your speakers and headsets Streets is in the buildin whenever the Ghost in it I remember cereal boxes with roaches in it I'm a double G, that's a gangster and gentleman Humble was nights I been homeless, cold and tremblin You don't wanna touch me, can't hold no grem-lin Gargoyle like Chow Yun, Fat in "Hard Boiled" Better stay away cause I'm toxic, hoch spit Right in your face and bang you out like the moshpit Heard I put in the work, it wasn't no gossip The man with the plan so you know that the plot thick Clip on reserve for whoever deserve I swear to God, that's my word that I'm off of the curve So you should know I'm in it to win it If it start with a 3-M with an A that meant to spin it I like European cars and I'm into the spinach Fuck around, you won't even get to finish the minute Cause, it could be over in two seconds with two weapons Think I really care about whatever your crew reppin? [Chorus: Bully] I'm in it to win it, you motherfuckers ain't pay no dues I dare you walk a, day in my shoes I'm in it to win it, I'm on a strip tryin to move these bricks But the streets won't let me quit I'm in it to win it, you best believe I'm on my grind You feel my pain in every verse and line I'm in it to win it, years end and I'm still goin hard bitch Knowin that these rappers is garbage I'm in it to win it [Bully] Uhh, yes I is the best I is Go hard like that Bedstuy kid; nigga I'm in it to win it Momma said be the best I is I burn shit down, just like Left Eye did Uhh, the game don't stop, the pain don't stop Bullets rip through his skull like a Drano shot Got a strip for me to eat on, P name the spot I take aim at any nigga (who?) name or not For my hand-to-hand niggaz, five gram niggaz Blam-blam niggaz, you know who it is - Bully bitch! Gun ready for any nigga who want it Slam me? I don't think so, I'm fo' hundred (ha ha) Yeah, I'm sittin in my Phantom Nah I'm lyin, I'm hustlin, tryin to get a Phantom You don't really understand him Five-star general, ten-hut; nigga get your face cut [Styles P] I do the knowledge if the cypher work But ask the homie that the knife insert, what life is worth When his heart pumps slow and his blood that he burp And it's all type of shit on his shirt And his girl and his mom look hurt And he thinkin 'bout his seed but he layin in the hospital, leavin the Earth They say real men pray for they enemies Forgive but don't forget so I don't slip when I'm drunk off Hennessy Blame that all ridiculous Hoody'd up, in the cut, inconspicuous Nina gon' burn them boys just like syphillis Cross me, I'ma show 'em all what trippin is The difference is, I'm a real G don't wanna make no noise Got a conscience, to really wanna take them boys to a place they never been or go again You could blame the wind cause look what it's blowin in S.P. the Ghost, here we go again, know that I'm goin in You ain't doin nothin but goin out My gun's like a candle, who dare me to blow it out? All these rappers garbage, who want me to throw 'em out? What? [Bully] I'm in it to win it I'm in it to win it I'm in it to win it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ The Alchemist Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: All I Know is Pain Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Styles P] Pain.. pain.. pain... Pain.. pain.. pain... All I know is pain, all I seen is death Couple homies and brother gone, when I'm gon' step I ain't suicidal, damn my brain need rest Think about my childhood, pain in my chest Past is the past, future ain't great All right in the hood when any day could be my last Pop somethin back, they wanna sue me for my math Hawk some back, they wanna sue me for my math Hard bein a gangsta rapper, you don't know the half You ain't got to condone it but you was never homeless And you ain't never fast, so you don't know the wrath To takin a long walk, down the wrong path All I know is pain - everything I did wrong I did it in vain, that's why I'm tryin to change Live for my seeds but the game ain't change Only the strong survive, I will maintain [Chorus: Styles P] + (Alchemist) All I know is - pain; all I get is - pain All I give is – pain; all I live is - pain Only thing I know is mad years in the game (It's no love, ice cold blood runnin all through my veins) All I know is - pain; all I get is - pain All I give is – pain; all I live is - pain Only thing I know is mad years in the game (It's more than rhymes, more shine than the diamonds on your chain) [Styles P] What you know about pain? Blood, sweat and tears where I'm standin in the rain If I don't blow Mary Jane I'm goin insane Before I had a car I was in the fast lane Drug dealer stick up kids for the neck game, a lot that I regret But I made it as a rapper, and it's not what I expect For a fact, this business is more crooked The boys'll sell they souls to the devil, the Lord lookin See in you hell just in case that we all cookin I got sins too, lot of foul shit that I been through The world is God house, I'm just a window - pane Tryin to maintain up to the end yo [Styles P] All I know is pain, I feel so drained Rap niggaz is insane, they on Procaine What they call hot, I would call so lame They don't care about the art, and they show no shame If you ain't gettin spins, then you ain't gon' win But if you came from the bottom you should stay goin in The Ghost don't make it then the Phantom gon' win I'ma make the kids richer, make grandma grin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Akon Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Got My Eyes on You Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*cell door slams*} [Akon] Konvict, Konvict.. [Styles P] + (Akon) (I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing, try to ride on me (Said I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get hit with the thing, try to ride on me (I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing, tryin to ride on me (Said I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing and try to ride on me [Styles P] I can't be humble - e'rybody bougie and industry But me, I'm in the concrete jungle Where rap about your cash'll get your mouth bloodied up Run in your house, real late, you and your wife buddied up I can't afford to rap about no cars with no 24's Shorties on my block is real, hard with they 44's I know some teenagers, that'll strip you like a female Take your jewels off, when you get your car detailed Sell it half price, like they got it on retail Put you on the ocean floor, right by the seashells They all got the look, like they'd ride on you Take it easy young boys I got my eyes on you [Chorus: Akon] I got my eyes on you! And I'm posted on the corner with that thing on my side Said I got my eyes on you! It's a message to them stick-up kids, don't even try Used to be a bad lil' shady nigga just like you And I pop that ass one by one, plus two Got my eyes on you! Along with my whole squad ready to ride, yeah [Styles P] Where I come from, you don't get caught slippin You don't get caught trippin cause if you fall down then it's "Off wit him" Another one off in the wood box Man'll get revenge cause that's how the hood rock Mighta been different if, he had a good pops The war go, on every day but it should stop (should stop) And them killers gettin younger and younger I guess it's the hunger, so they cockin back and takin you under And shorty got his eyes on me, I got my eyes on him I know the look so I'ma ride on him I'ma catch his ass slippin then slide on in It's a pool full of sharks, boy dive on in [Styles P] You know I keep the thing on the corner Them shorties on the block is real wild, you make a move you a goner Moms gon' be a mourner, family gon' be pissed You should know how it is, you raised on the G strip Grams to the bricks, O's to the pound And the strap and the clip is for, holdin it down Get a hole in your shirt, or your hat knocked off Cause them shorties got gats and they thirsty to pop off The nights is short, the days is long I blame the crack-head parents that raised them wrong My dutchie is long, my haze is strong I keep my eyes on you, it's the Ghost and 'Kon [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P] + (Akon) (I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing, try to ride on me (Said I got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get hit with the thing, try to ride on me You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing, tryin to ride on me (Got my eyes on you!) You got your eyes on me Get, hit with the thing and try to ride on me [Akon] I got my eyes on you {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Green Piece of Paper Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] It's a lot of pain (a lot of pain) You learn to live with it though (know'msayin) Things we do [Styles P] Hungry, starvin in beast mode Live by the street code, where niggaz take your shit like the repo The boys'll sell crack, to your mother if you're good (damn) So-called brother in the hood (brother) Lord help us (Lord help) you gotta know we possessed (y'know) I guess it's the stress that make us a hot mess It's somethin on the chest cause none of my niggaz rest (none of them) Graveyard shift; my guns with the laser spit 'Til you're hit, all the tissue come off (off) Nobody go to church but they hustle to get across Who am I to argue or fight or bicker (who am I) when, I could see my demon in the cup of the liquor Reflection, my section, shit's gettin thicker (shit's thick) Cause love don't mix with the liquor - you should know that Gun, knife or bat I'm yellin out hold that Twenty, fifties or hundreds, you know I'm tryin to fold that [Chorus 2X: Styles P] I live my whole life for a green piece of paper (five) Did some trife shit, for a green piece of paper (ten) Did some hype shit, for a green piece of paper (twenty) A green piece of paper (fifty) a green piece of paper (a hundred) [Styles P] In the game for mad years, paid a whole lot of dues in it Never bite the hand that feeds you (never) but the rules is different When the hand that feeds you ain't got food in it (what do you do then?) Room full of scholars, bet you it's a fool in it (I bet you!) Yeah, I learn my wisdom from the wise (whattup) But then I learned livin from the lies (salute) Both drop the same jewel boy, better get it it's your time (no it ain't) But nope I say it's God time I'm just a maker of hard rhymes, due to the hard times Skin's real thick, you could look at the scar lines Sometimes in my mind, I be still on the yard time Hittin the bar time; crunches to the push-ups to the dips (yeah) But real niggaz push up with the clips (that's what it is) My niggaz is raw, you heard right, no cook up in this bitch (no cook up) Let it go you better duck, don't look up in this bitch (don't look up) We came to body somethin, we ain't shook up in this bitch (we ain't shook) [Styles P] I did some trife shit, and hype shit (yeah) On the grind every night that's why I don't write shit (why I don't write) Used to go hand-to-hand, rob niggaz man-to-man Hoppin out the hoopty or the van cause I ain't have a plan (I ain't have a  plan) Now I did a lot of shit, for a green piece of paper (a lot of shit) I formed my teams, I was on the scene thinkin major Before a e-mail I served fiends off the pager Gettin high, dreamin 'bout a green piece of paper The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Max B Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Holiday Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Styles P] Knee-deep in the game Due time you'll see the sunshine if you sleep in the rain I ain't tryin to weather the storm I get over the clouds and I ain't talkin 'bout flyin a plane I'm in the slums where the guns is Niggaz sell crack to get hundreds - I mean thousands I seen European cars by housing I seen shinin on your block, I'm just browsin Fo'-five make you get free My London niggaz say, "You get me?" I say, "I got you" Rude boy, they better watch you Too hot to handle, too cold to hold When I was young they used to say I had a older soul Only death can make the soldiers fold Comin down, hit the floor, let go, all my soldiers roll You get hit then your soul let go, let's go [Chorus: Max B] (Let's go) We pop shots off at your bean D-Block, Byrd Gang, that's the team (team team) Big fifth make you move back Go against them, you don't really wanna do that Them got that yay.. it's a holiday (holiday baby) If you fuck with my money then you might as well pay [Styles P] Handgun and the rifle And a knife too, shit just that trifle Get blood from your ice to your Nike boots Head cracked like the dice do I don't squeal nor squeak like the mice do I get hype too, come through the block and light you Like a cigarette, you ain't seen a harder nigga yet Hit you like a Nicorette Off a lion nigga pick a pet, I mean pick a beast I run the city nigga pick a street Matter fact you could pick a beef I'm old school we can shoot it out, pick a heat Fuck you! [Styles P] I get ya, get the picture? I'm the painter, you the painted Talkin shit when you ain't shit I'm five-star, you ain't ranked kid I'm major, fuck the majors, fuck the label And take that to the bank kid It's the Ghost or the Phantom Killin rappers at random without a handgun, can't stand him I'm too nice, I'm too hot You don't wanna drop from the top of the rooftop Turn the mic up, turn the beat up S.P. the Ghost still keep the fuckin booth hot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Look at Her Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] Ohh man, I mean I gotta do somethin for the ladies, right? It's that kind of beat right here Poobs I feel it, let's go [Styles P] Yeah, you told your man look at her Then he was like, "Damn look at her" Knee boots, mink shirt, top made of fur And now you like, "I wonder where she work" She on the dance floor, you like the twist and the jerk She sweeter than Ms. Butterworth And now you like, "Ma, who you? Got 'em sick like the flu how you dipped in Lou" She remind you of your first .22 She real small with a lot of bang You give her a ring cause you and her gotta hang She swear to God that, you and her got a thing [Chorus: Styles P] It be like, "Damn look at her" Nice face, nice waist - damn look at her It be like, "Damn look at her" Nice hips, nice lips - damn look at her It be like, "Damn look at her" Nice eyes, nice size - damn look at her It be like, "Damn look at her" Nice walk, nice talk - damn look at her [Styles P] She look good in her gym clothes in fact With a little Air Max with the pins in the wrap All her friends are tens or similar to that Got a walk for the runway; talk that can fund-raise With a smile that look brighter than the sun ray And she's a real classy chick You know the type that you probably see a athlete with A rapper, actor, or a activist Or a C.E.O. dude that had to be rich Or a drug dealin kingpin that have them bricks You like, "Damn if I could have them hips, or I could have them lips" You look at her, and imagine this [Styles P] Yeah, you was like, "Damn look at her" She remind you of a car, it's probably the flyin spur Or maybe it's the Audi with the real good curves You tryin to get up in her ear with the feel good words Felt real confident, know you was willy Told shorty that she was sweeter then the strawberry Phillies Said some old school stuff like, "Boy you was silly" Then you hand her over your jacket, you knew she was chilly Now you got her, she got you, you all in the spot too You like her, she like you, both of y'all hot too Now it's goin down and the plan occur And you got her in the bed like, "Damn look at her" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Da 80's Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Styles P] I know y'all muh'fuckers think that I took long to get back at you Not the kid I could do this shit forever nigga [Styles P] This is for the junkie on the track with a monkey on his back I feel bad cause I got him like that This is for the G's, this is for the hustlers Get a whip off the lot and still upgrade the muffler Tryin to hit the block, nobody else there yet Get it poppin with your baby mom welfare check And I'll ring your bell, go fuck how you felt yo Blowin on weed if it's sticky like velcro Bounce in, bounce out, always got an ounce out Dig in your right pocket, 20 G count out Used to ask yourself, what you wanna do this for? Good Jewish lawyer turn a ten to a two-to-four You in the game cause the game is in you Who to blame, said I never came, I know the pain is in you I feel you, been there, I was in there But I ain't goin back like, I ain't been there Can't make a million behind bars Chill in a fly car, sit in the five-star If you think I'm preachy just check out the dialogue I'm knockin the iPod, first class as I go through the sky loft What? [Interlude: Styles P] I don't really need a hook, I got lyrics Feel me Kid, you know? [Styles P] Talk in bricks and speak in the buildings Construction, grown now, gotta think of the children No gangsters, real ones, you know that kill the civilians The roughest, the addicts, Japanese and Sicilians The rule to the sign'll say, "P, did you calm down?" Cooled out, but never ever put my arms down Tell the boys ring the alarm now Cops is comin, I ain't got a gun, I come with a bomb now So hard I walk the city in the streets, see Biggie in my sleep Then put 50 and the 20 in my leaf I might wear somethin with logos, or dress like a hobo Smack any rapper that showboat Wanna battle me that's a no-no, uh-uh Shiesty, sorta like the block you was juxed on Please don't provoke me to shoot at I know you vagina, and your right-hand man is a douchebag P is on the low where the loot at Nine in the linin of the goose coat, deuce in the bookbag E'rybody think that I look mad But I don't really care cause they don't think that'll look bad Feel me! [Outro: Styles P] I mean I do what I do, easily I mean I'm a lyricist If somebody's nicer let me know I'll be here for a minute, y'knowmsayin? Y'all know my name, should I say it? Ha ha! Chach, let's get the fuck outta here I like it like this I'm just warmin up! Who could fuck with me? I mean I ask myself this a lot I'm cocky, I'm real cocky COME for me boys, let's go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Raw Buck Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Shoot Niggas Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] Yeah! FUCK niggaz! Grease whattup? Vacant Lot I'ma EXPOSE these bitches! You don't like me SET IT!! [Styles P] This ain't for the radio, nor for the video This is for the nigga with his banger by his shitter hole Comin out the box crazy bear cause his shit is swole Ready to roll, no holds barred Gettin amped up, just lookin at his old scars Yeah, you know it's on when the real nigga hatin you No sleep, think about, the steel penetratin you He the type to break the blade off in you Fuck a cage when you know that it's a cage up in you What? Kinda hard to not, go on a murder spree Paintin niggaz burgundy, put 'em to surgery Go kill they family like the shit was a urgency S.P. is back, call the state of emergency Nigga get the N-G-O's, shit you bend in your rolls The men in your holes, all of my foes All you smell is gunpowder then the scent of a rose, what! [Chorus: Styles P] Shoot niggaz, cut niggaz, fuck niggaz, what niggaz Butt niggaz really shouldn't bop, you strut niggaz Firearm touch niggaz, light him like a dutch nigga Stop, look at your watch, you know that time's up nigga [Raw Buck] Fuck all these niggaz, let 'em die slow Pistol-whip somethin 'til you break the raw{?} snow Shoot a nigga throat out, hawk him in his eyeball Let that nigga burn for tryin to run through this firewall New world order, Raw Buck, S.P. Twin tec ninas leave him wetter than a jet ski I'm the rawest rookie, fire me where the vest be I got a awkward offense, but I got the best D Greatest man alive, no I'm not E.S.T. Hoppin out the Nestle Crunch, color S.E. Nod to the anthem, I'ma ride with the Phantom Whether we in the fuckin Who-Ride or a Phantom Real niggaz to feel it, fake niggaz'll fear it I been with the real and I break fake niggaz spirits All bear witness the truth nigga I got no remorse, and I never been hesitant to shoot nigga [Styles P] Trust me, you don't really know who you fuckin with The gun is called Dick, won't you go ahead and suck it bitch E'rybody fly, actin like a fuckin bitch If you ask me then e'rybody's a fuckin trick Let me ease up, these niggaz ain't G'd up They more like E'd up, once that I re'd up Shoot him in his face, while he rollin his weed up You rap with security, you pussy If you sell crack with authority you pussy Nigga can't run a block cause them niggaz'll run over you Probably wouldn't jump, if they threw a gun over you You ain't built for what you talkin about You unworthy, oughta get hawked in your mouth I got a white boyfriend that woulda called you a poser Got a nigga in jail that woulda made you a dosier You a wack-ass rapper nigga, fuck it it's over [Outro: Styles P] Yeah, you know who the fuck it is I got a story to tell If you don't know it find out about it, bitch! Nobody eats no more, hardest out point blank period You don't believe me send all the motherfuckers at once YEAH!! WOOF! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Super Gangster Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Styles P] I.V. this shit is hot like the old jail music I might as well go in [Styles P] I'm a super gangster, G'd up extra Stretch you out plus the nigga you're next ta Weeded up, liquored out On a crate real late, four-fifth is out I'll let you know if it's a drought or them bricks is out The Dominicans got 'em but the Columbians shipped 'em out Know the big time hustlers, all of the drug smugglers 3-Card Molly niggaz, crooked card shufflers Even though the O's on the hoes stroll Ex-baseheads that got a job, now they got 'em the Soul Glo Know all of the stick-up kids, dice shooters Old school niggaz that chill and light buddha Niggaz that cop cars and throw work in the engine Boys that do nothin but buy sneakers and denim I know niggaz that get drunk at the bar And the young boys who keep the handgun and the pump in the car [Chorus 2X: Styles P] Up in the hood, it's a lot of gangs and gangsters But I'm a super gangster I super grind, I'm tryin to get super paper Told you I'm a super gangster [Styles P] Kick it with the O.G.'s and the parolees Light a blunt with 'em, tell 'em put out a stogie The young boys that'll kill yo' ass over a Roley Maybe even a Fossil; them niggaz is hostile Some hoe-ass bitches that bag crack throwed up in they ass crack, leave with they bags packed Go where you tell 'em to go The O.G. number man who sniff a little blow off the federal note The white boy that'll sell you a boat Get your papers cleared up, old church lady that'll tell you it's hope The politician that'll tell you to vote And my jail niggaz that always get it in, with a sock and the soap What! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Styles P] I'm a super gangster, I fly off haze I'm invisible, nobody ain't seen me in days I'll crush every bone in you, I ain't get paid Got a gun with a laser that shoot out grenades I'm a super gangster, better ask the hood All I need is some gloves and a mask, I'm good I'll rob everything I could, anytime I can Is S.P. the super gangster? Yes I am [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Ghostface Killah Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Star of the State Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] + (Ghostface) Yo Vinny Idol, what do you call under the underground? (Twin Ghost Experience!) YEAH! [Styles P] From a hood where niggaz is miserable Either gon' dead you or leave you in critical Niggaz talkin money then show me the visual And then stand right there and get plucked like a chicken feather Stickin up the stick-up kids, nigga I'm sick as ever The gun is my bitch, and I bet you we stick together Stuck like two dogs fuckin You must be ready to die, fuckin with me like, you want somethin Ring your bell and I have you like "Who call?" Smack you with a bat like Pujols, bottom of the ninth You don't wanna see me at the bottom of the pint Rowdy, be outtie cause I'm a problem for the night Problem for your life, leg or arm missin I can step it up, have you doubt or your mom missin S.P. the Ghost and I'm trom' hittin Arm kickin anytime I'm spittin nigga just like a bomb hittin [Chorus: Styles P] + (Ghostface) Somebody food gettin ate (gettin ate, yeah) Somebody gettin robbed for they plate (for they plate nigga) You know I go hard for the cake When it come to bein hard, I'm the star of the state (nigga what) I'm the star - somebody food gettin ate (food gettin ate, gettin ate) Somebody gettin robbed for they plate (robbed for they plate motherfucker) You know I go hard for the cake (it's the Twin Ghost Experience!) When it come to bein hard, I'm the star of the state I'm the star [Ghostface Killah] Yo, yo, yo I'ma tell you how we do on the Island Squeeze your girl ass, now what, knock your punk ass off balance You can't come through Mickey D's, no burger no cheese Find your head missin, do you still want the #3? +Big Mac+, large order of 9's, no shake, we got shells Pissin on y'all bitches like R. Kell's And more or less staple your balls together And light you in kerosene, melt your whole face in your sweater You see the rubber gloves, thugs Nervous doctors play in the E.R., still wind up pullin the plug Cause it's a Twin Ghost Experience, flesh and spirit We bang, even the dead listen to deadly lyrics Make Big turn in his grave, even 'Pac can hear it Cochran, on Dirt's death, yo they tryin to appeal it But fuck that, all we want is the crack, the cash in bags Come through heavy, you might get yapped; motherfucker! [Styles P] A lot of niggaz hoped I would die young Pitched in the hood hard, want me to Cy Young Real sharp words, guess I got me a fly tongue Always get high cause I feel high-strung I don't buy jewels, I buy haze and I buy guns Or they "hear me now" like the dude from Verizon Look at my eyes son, you won't see the next horizon Kickin that typical rap, despicable rap Or to get a hawk in your face, clip in your back Guess who, still keep the thing in the sweatsuit Hot blood leakin out your face is the best soup Food in the kitchen nigga, shit in the restroom Wreck when it's wreck time, S.P. the Ghost is five star Orders to the death when I rep mine King and the queen die, just like chess time If I don't kill you now I'll catch yo' ass next time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Beanie Sigel Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: U Ain't Ready 4 Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] Ghost, Sigel, real niggaz load up Throw your fuckin hoodies on, it's goin down [Styles P] + (Beanie Sigel) Nah you can't hang, nah you can't bang (You better get yo' gang)  If you see me on the road better switch yo' lane (If you see me on your strip bitch get yo' thang) Fuck that, before rap had to flip cocaine Knockin EMPD (nigga +It's Yo' Thang+) Had the fisherman hat, with the 40 bottle twistin the cap Outside all night (pitchin the crack) But now things are a lil' bit different I could start the car (without the key in the ignition) Now I be Vivo sippin - (nigga strapped with the mac) In the bookbag bitch, when I go road trippin [Chorus: Styles P] + (Beanie Sigel) You ain't ready for me, you ain't ready for me You ain't ready for me, yeah, what? (You ain't ready for me, you ain't ready for me) (You ain't ready for me, yeah, what?) You ain't ready for me, you ain't ready for me You ain't ready for me, yeah, what? (You ain't ready for me, you ain't ready for me) (You ain't ready for me) [Beanie Sigel] + (Styles P) The Bully harder than them bars in the lifer's house You don't know me, see the Ghost when the lights go out (Kill yo' ass while you daydream nigga) I put your big man to sleep and let him fly (like the A-Team nigga) You niggaz puss (dick startin to get hard) Man we always strapped (catch shit when you run in the bitch raw) I go off when the shit's off (I usually turn it up when it go down) If you didn't you know now (You know it's the Ghost) And the Bully in this bitch (Two hawks up) You know I got the fully in this bitch In the best shape of my life I know I could roof niggaz (I send 'em back down Sig', I know you "The Truth" nigga [Styles P] + (Beanie Sigel) Ghost and Sigel, P-89 and the Eagle (Get stretched by the skinny or diesel) Hardest two out so it's gon' be plenty of evil (So run and tell all of the people) Yeah, what? Gun (check) rope (check) Hit the club, rob shit during coat (check) Just for the fuck of it nigga (I like the four-door big) Heard you bust with it nigga Like to blow a pound of weed (heard you puffin it nigga) Let anybody front and we touchin it nigga (Yeah, what? I get berserk when I'm high on them perks) (You fuck around like, you don't want your kidneys to work) I get the family, the doggie, the kitty get murked (Man what you know about puttin in work?) Yeah, what? And you know you ain't ready for me Got a young boy turn your shit to spaghetti for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Jadakiss, Sheek Louch Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Gangster, Gangster Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus 2X: Styles P] Sheek Louch is a gangster, gangster Jadakiss is a gangster, gangster Styles P is a gangster, D-Block Won't you come fuck with a gangster, gangster [Styles P] You don't get nothin but gun shells I ain't on the bar, Louch pass me the dumbbells I'm in war mode, they in more mode Body after body so the story was foretold Twist 'em up real tight just like a cornrow, stick in they hair grease Bullets in ya eye and your earpiece Bullets whistle like canary for canaries Your stones is yellow but so is the owner Ain't a Blood but I'll make him a donor Crash the whip at the dealer tryin to get me a loaner Got a spliff that I dipped in Corona Fuck around make you sip some ammonia Karma, put your ass in a coma Ain't nobody give a fuck if you paralyzed 'Kiss past the saw so I can shave down to barrel size Said he was the king 'til he looked in the pharaoh eyes Blow was the bulb was the verse as the arrow ride What nigga! [Jadakiss] Yup, AH-HA! Yo, you ain't got to remind me, I'm a top-of-the-line G If you a fan you can say I been poppin since 9-3 If you my man then you know I been poppin my whole life Outside 'til it's finished my nigga, the whole night Few contract and inkpens later Turn into boss respect, mob ties and kingpin paper Mountin the D, Cardi frames and pink Gators Gotta learn how to deal with the weak link haters Don't even think about the top 10, just think Jada Never eat no less, then I think greater Gambino affiliate - still transport bricks A boy on a bike, while my man willie it Silly shit, imagine how rich we could really get Fuck a pool table, the crib got a billiard Streets is our problem, hope Allah's got 'em Three-piece purple label with the hard bottoms - gangster [Sheek Louch] Silverback! No doubt (yeah) That's you son, aiyyo I got you though Aiyyo straight out the gate I pack heavy, big Chevy 24's, bandanna like I'm one of the outlaws 4-4 sit on my lap, other thing in the truck It's too big and it come with a strap I got bitches, money, cars in a lot I already got weed, bring cigars to the spot Coke in a pot, 'gnac on the counter Three money countless; get from around us I probably won't do Yay' or 50 sales Like they probably won't last in none of these jails I'm tattooed up, Levi's double sewed Chuckers No shirt, I'm back muh'fuckers! The mac muh'fuckers don't clack muh'fuckers That keep your lil' stink mouth intact muh'fuckers Silverback nigga, the Barack O. of rap L.O.X., D-Block coward, hold that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Black Thought Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Cause I'm Black Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Styles P] I'm Black, been a greasy kid I'm better off sayin nigga like Eazy did Mike Vick bought a pit', now he goin to jail He ain't have a license to shoot a dead duck or quail Did the pigs have a license when they shot Sean Bell? Now hell is a place we live Cause the race we is, I mean race we are Too cold for this cop to have our face on the car It ain't candy so I don't want a taste of the bars Ain't a ball game, I don't wanna sit at the court Do a long bid, I don't wanna give that a +Thought+ But I'm +Black+ and people in jail is most my color What up black cop? Every brother ain't no brother I'm a have-not, grandma's grandma suffered You just mad we hustled right out of the struggle Let it rain nigga, we gon' dance out in the puddles What? [Chorus: sample of Syl Johnson's "Is It Because I'm Black"] Looking back over my false dreams that I once knew Wondering why my dreams never came true Something is holding me back, ohhh-ohhh Is it because I'm Black? Yeah... [Black Thought] Uhh, yeah They say payback's a motherfuckin nigga, that explains why I'm sick of gettin treated like a goddamn step-child Livin like Assata, I'm an exile Gotta climb out of my skin, just like a reptile Born where the feds file, them suits and neckties Operatin under the cold, live and let die I'm tryin to break free of the hole But five out of ten brothers gon' see a parole Who this system fail with Mychal Bell, might as well be Sean Fat cats picnickin on the White House lawn And it's only ten percent in the hood, where health benefits Genocide, Jena 6, guilty 'til we innocent Citizens, listenin to government smooth talk Take, one step forward and do the moonwalk back, give me the Peace Prize like Al Gore's I got a mind like Malcolm X, how 'bout yours? C'mon [Styles P] Struggle lives on and it tire on Imus should've never been fired, just fired on Not with a gun, hit him up with a water hose Got some nerve to call a black man's daughter hoe Whoever put the nooses up, we oughta slaughter those Klan in the precinct, where did the order go? Klan in the schools too, where should my daughter go? Where should my son go? Let me know what {?} is hung fo' I'm too Black to not dream like Martin did Die like Malcolm, a martyr to be part of it Came from the ghetto, you know the heart of it We just want it finished and, we ain't even started it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Bun B, The Game Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Think We Got a Problem Typed by: reefo_187@hotmail.com [Chorus: Repeat 2X] I think we got a problem, got a got a problem I think we got a problem, got a got a problem I think we got a problem, got a got a problem Think we got a problem, think we got a problem [Sheek Louch] Think we got a problem, mask on, show you how to rob em Revolver,show you how to solve'm Drivin down Harlem, the Aston a problem No tint fishball it ain't hard to spot him Think we got a problem, weed got too much Only thing damn I'm down to my last dutch Think we got a problem, but really it ain't dough There's one of me, and these bitches I count about three four Think we got a problem, the homey just all talk He ain't gon pop a balloon with a pitch fork Think we got a problem in the club with this dogg Rude boy, starks, ladies, everybody [The Game] Think we got a problem, Game in Manhattan  Black on black Aston the 21 strapped in Dominican chick ridin shotty all strapped in Customize the dash on my shotgun strapped in Cops on the shoulder gotta pull a Hova Time to fade to black cuz I ain't pullin ova The engine is a problem, that ain't no question Pop the trunk see the speakers kickin' like Beckham Think we got a problem, Sheek know I'm hot Kiss and Styles should make me a member of the Lox I take all the beats I remember how to box If I ever get knocked out, I remember how to pop Remember how to load everything inside my glock Ask the niggas in the hood cuz they remember who I shot Think we got a problem, I snitched on myself And I hate rats so I dugg a ditch for myself what [Bun B]  Well it's the king of the trill Bun B'der you know the name  And the streets is like the NBA, I love this game  Keep a bottle of Henessey, a blunt and that purp With my hand up on my heater, and my killaz on churp You see me one deep in the spot, think I'm slippin', try ya luck  Cuz I got sixteen homeys with me, that stay ready to buck You can duck dodge or dive, but it won't do diddly skwat But leave ya with a leaky liver and both ya kidneys shot But you may not pimpin' I ain't fin to ask for it My money, my hood or my respect, Imma blast for it You can't push fast forward, rewind or pause Imma beat you till you shittin ya draws, so call the laws cuz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Mike Smith Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Keep Pushin' Typed by: reefo_187@hotmail.com [Chorus: Mike Smith] What I've learned, from this thug life I'm livin Is it's a cold cold world, and I know at times it gets to ya You gotta keep pushin, gotta keep pushin Gotta keep pushin, gotta keep pushin Gotta keep pushin you gotta keep pushin And at any given moment You can end up with your back on the wall I know at times it gets to ya Gotta keep pushin, you gotta keep pushin You know gotta keep pushin, you gotta keep pushin You know you gotta keep pushin you gotta keep pushin (Sheek) Yeah cuz I push I push, and that money a drop And them bottles a pop, and I'm at the bar With my big cigar, with my shades and hoody on, I'm a superstar With my hands up high and I'm extra high And she extra fly, tell ya friends goodbye Yeah westside doin it can only fit two in it The night is good so don't ruin it We gon make it or we gon take it Respect is everything so please don't break it If you still in the hood and ya rent is due I wrote this song for you (for you) (Sheek) I just party and bs like B.I said Old school keep a hundred stacks under the bed With the time red six hundred call it a sled Little yak little greenery to clear my head But you gotta keep pushin you gotta keep whippin The landlord callin the baby sitter is flippin You ready to drop everythin you think about skippin But you strong and you gon make it all good Back to the wall and you gon keep it all hood Put ya drinks up 5 cent cups Ace of spades whatever I don't give (a give a) If ya rents due I wrote this song for you (Sheek) Unh pay day is here eventhough there's nothing's left The clubs packed everybody is fresh to def New swag I'm confident that you can bag her Gas in the tank, can I buy you a drink The music all loud, she dancin' all wild Can't tell me shorty ain't the hottest in the crowd The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Good Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hey, I'm lookin for {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} Met a lot of women out there on tour Ran through 'em all but I'm just not sure {"Good love, I like that baby"} Aiyyo Yeah, we gon' fight but I think that's just {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} (That's the sound right here baby... it feels so good) First class flights, almost home But I {"Just can't keep still!"} Let's go [Sheek Louch] Fresh off the plane, into the Bent' Note a lil' more than what you pay for your rent I'm tired of the road, no shows booked Need somethin home cooked {"I like that baby"} Straight in the door, straight to the floor I'm already high but light up one more Just got home I'm tryin to chill but I {"Just can't keep still!"} Gotta hit the block, get a lil 'gnac Fuck with the hood, see if niggaz is good Jake is on me askin me why my music all loud I just tell him {"I like that baby"} Throw a lil' dice, headcrack twice Light somethin up I'm startin to feel nice They loopin around, let me go and peel Cause I {"Just can't keep still!"} Hey, I'm lookin for {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} Met a lot of women out there on tour Ran through 'em all but I'm just not sure {"Good love, I like that baby"} Yeah, we gon' fight but I think that's just {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} First class flights, almost home But I {"Just can't keep still!"} Let's go (Sheek Louch!) [Sheek Louch] Hat low enough, short sleeves no cuffs Aston-Martin sittin outside tough Shorty shotgun, black Hillary Duff Sheek do it +B.I.G.+ like I was down with Puff Now I'm in the club, no V.I.P. I'm down low where every last hoodlum be I feel baby boy tryin to ice grill me But I {"Just can't keep still!"} Walk up to him, you know nice and polite Let him now it's real, lift the shirt up light I'ma let it off cause I ain't tryin to fight But, you dead right {"I like that baby"} Anyway, I'm tryin to see who else here I see shorty starin at me way over there I'm sorry baby girl but I gotta disappear Cause I {"Just can't keep still!"} Ha ha ha~! [Sheek Louch] Betty Wright knockin, got 'em all rockin 'Bout to do the electric slide on the block and Yeah this poppin, got 'em goin crazy From 8 to 80 {"I like that baby"} It feels so good, you can't sit down You gotta get up and move your fat ass around You don't care who watchin, you keepin it real Cause you {"Just can't keep still!"} Let's go [Outro] {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} {"Good love, I like that baby"} {"Good love, yeahhhhhh"} {"Just can't keep still!"} Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Hell Rell, Jadakiss, Jim Jones, Styles P Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: D-Block/Dipset Typed by: reefo_187@hotmail.com [Sheek Louch] Ayo back off the boat, unload the dope Untie the rope, this is not soap Get it out the water, complete my order Get it down to florida, Sheek's so smarter Before only count to ten like a kindergarder I got no patience, I don't like waitin' See my homey in the rear, say hello to Satan I'm that blatant, y'all can keep hatin' Cuz I'll take a bitch out without datin' You know what I'm skilled in Keep the guns and the coke in the trump buildin' Keep the deers and the raccoon arround my children Give'm fresh air, kinda mad but the school system best there And I'm still a thug keep the white tee Over the banana incase one of these gorillas bug D-Block Dipset get ya shit plugged [Chorus: repeat 2X] D-Block (Styles P), Dipset Dipset (Jim Jones) D-Block hawk work, heat cocked (Styles P), bang on a nigga(Jim Jones) Big money, hotels, fast cars, mad women, liqor drinks' weed smoke (Styles P) Hang on a nigga (Jim Jones) [Jim Jones] On the way to Fifteenth as I speed up Eigth Y'all High off the drug make me see it like Ray Charles Night on the block blowin' weed with my shades on Bang, stop fuckin', fuck you get ya ace on Nah but they don't do it like we do Pull up to the hood but the roof is all see through So is my trial gettin' closa Down in Miami puttin miles on the Rosta Feds got mommy's child on the posta But I ain't gon' snitch, not on my Cosa Nostra I'm out on bail, but I'm livin' it up Until the day I get nailed, I ain't givin' a fuck You gotta find me guilty. New York's most wanted Tearin' up the streets in a Porcshe gettin' blunted In and out of court with my lawyer Goons outside, somethin' sporty with a spoiler [Hell Rell] Bout to wrap them things up all I need is some plastic Got ya suit and tie ready, all you need is ya casket Half a million off of dope and I'm still in the hood fella Niggas respect me like uncle Paulie in Goodfellas And whoever you get ya coke from I'm their supplier Homey I watch the Wire, nigga you wear the wire Hop out the ferrari spyda Cock it back then put two in his Ed Hardy visor It's mister Ruger nigga I made my money off of crack spots and hood extortions Fuck cars, I'm about to have a bullet auction Goin' once, goin' twice Sold to the nigga who think he tough cuz he hard cuz he on home parole [Jadakiss] Yeah listen cocksuckers I got bullets for each of you If nothin' else at least I know my dreams is reachable People say I changed but I think I'm the same brother DB 9 in the Vanquish is the same colour Potato salad white, them haters gotta fight The scrilla is on stash the weight is outta sight Dope money to rap money, still on the same route I ain't miss a game since T-Bo came out Way under the radar, stay offroad I'm on the side gettin' haze and the yay off slow I'm the studio right now in playoff mode Work till' you die, never take a day off yo Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: We at War Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: samples Capleton's "Danger Zone"] We at war (gyeah) {*3X*} We at war "Livin in the danger zone, in the battlefield" "Dem who kyan't hear dem a go feel!" [Sheek Louch] Yeah, rude boy stand up, man up, chest out Get the cannon, time to pull that steel plate vest out We don't play around, cock back, gun 'em down Chase 'em all around town, you hear that sound ("WHO DAT?") Uhh, straight yardie Me and the notty head, inside the party Outside the shotty, inside the ganja and a big ass fonta, music all loud Somebody tell the DJ ("WHO DAT?") It's a danger zone (danger zone) you got police If not police you got some batty bwoy, schemin on your piece We street runnin, big whips we crash it up Hit the block and mash it up, we in the danger zone ("WHO DAT?") Let's go [Chorus: samples Capleton's "Danger Zone"] We at war (gyeah) {*3X*} We at war "Livin in the danger zone, in the battlefield" "Without a shield" We at war (gyeah) {*3X*} We at war "Livin in the danger zone, in the battlefield" "Dem who kyan't hear dem a go feel!" [Sheek Louch] Uhh, North, South, West, East No matter where you from, we at war with police We in the danger zone (danger zone) we in the battlefield (battlefield) And the plan is to keep, all our people jailed ("WHO DAT?") I'm in London, yeah, I'm in Kingston, yeah I'm in New York, yeah, bad man right here (bad man right here) Get a body in my way, I'ma make him disappear I'ma wild out, until I get the chair ("WHO DAT?") Yeah Irish malts, rice and peas, wash it down with a Guinness and put somebody girlfriend on they knees We street runnin, big whips we crash it up Hit the block and mash it up, we in the danger zone ("WHO DAT?") Let's go [Sheek Louch] Uhh, yeah, you can pray to whoever you want That ain't gon' save you, from the AK out in the front We got AIDS, drugs, and homeless kids It's a danger zone where we live ("WHO DAT?") And even still, somehow I keep my smile Cause my skin grew tough, like a crocodile (whatever) I got a army, a posse Sheek strong like the great, Haile, Selassie (bless) ("WHO DAT?") Come and try to stop me D-Block my ear to the ground, my blood in the dirt Anything else, just won't work (nah) We street runnin, big whips we crash and tuck Hit the block and mash it up, we in the danger zone ("WHO DAT?") Let's go [Outro] Light it up, ha "Livin in the danger zone, in the battlefield" "Without a shield" "Livin in the danger zone, in the battlefield" "Dem who kyan't hear dem a go feel!" {*BLAM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Scrap to This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] This is steel glock music slash hip-hop music slash rock music, no, not pop music This is heavy at the bar, big cigar, hood chick wit'chu Fat ass, somethin loud in the cat Long-ass barrel, the shells big All black mask over me, chick Anne in a cold wig Comin through Newhaven, 24's what I'm cravin Ain't that scary? TV's "Something About Mary" System up, Alpine just on 9 Lil' kids wanna open the blind, it's a hood thing I make these dudes wanna get more, that's a good thing Hold up; I ain't no role model I just make a model roll up, send her to the stage and hit the pole up Liquor drinkin, club small Hood little hole in the wall, that's where I be y'all Chain hangin like "What?! Come rob me" Hood rats (thugs) ladies (thugs) I'ma make 'em make 'em scrap to this, uhh, gyeah Hood rats (thugs) ladies (thugs) I'ma make 'em make 'em scrap to this, uhh Put your hands up (hey) put your hands up (hey) I'ma make 'em make 'em scrap to this, uhh Put your hands up (hey) put your hands up (hey) I'ma make 'em make 'em scrap to this, let's go [Sheek Louch] I like to smoke and go past the clouds Like to drink and don't stand there homey, I walk through crowds I ain't a trouble maker, I'm just not soft But these dudes will shoot, so please don't push me I've been workin out, startin to get a nice little build We can scrap on the other wing, get you killed Ain't no formula here, I just spit what I want I don't care what's in rotation or hot for the month I don't stress the PD to play my song A hit is a hit, with Sheek you know what you get Somethin crazy that the streets eat'll up So don't matter if it's there yet homey; it will heat up [Sheek Louch] I'm right there - O.G. slash young boys nightmare Yeah, what I do in the booth Sheek walk around with, what they shoot off the roof Ain't that the truth, one thing you just can't change and that's hood love when everything else seems strange Now these chickens wanna jump in my clique They say you got a club hit, when it die they don't watch you forget That's why I push it to the limit, like Ross that's it~! "I'm wearing my heart like a crown..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Don't Be Them Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Sheek Louch] Yeah, don't be them Don't be Jigga, don't be Nas, don't be Kim Don't be them, don't be 'Pac, don't be BIG Be yourself for real homie, you that kid Don't be Sheek, don't be LOX Don't be P, don't be Kiss, don't be Fox' Don't be 50, don't be Weezy, don't be Slim Be yourself for real homie, don't be them Aiyyo, now I ain't gon' sit here and preach to y'all niggas like I'm all fucked up and I ain't seeing no figures But if I had the choice to tell niggas who to be I'm just keeping it thorough, shit it won't be me All you see is the fake shit that's on TV You don't be in the hood when niggas empty three Court cases, no laces, orange dickies Jewish lawyer helping you but he cost Gs Drunk, tryna figure how the hell I'm getting home Cause ain't nobody left in this, just me and my chrome D-W-Y'd, I already been tried So I know the jake watching to see if I abide Yeah, don't be Swizz, don't be Tim' Don't be N.O.R.E., don't be Cam, don't be Jim Don't be them, don't be 'Pac, don't be BIG Be yourself for real homie, you that kid Don't be Wade, don't be Moss Don't be Pun, don't be Crack, don't be Ross Don't be them, don't be Common, don't be Em Be yourself for real homie, don't be them Aiyyo, now everybody got things that going on in their life From their fake ass friends to their fake ass wife Money problems, bills due Niggas scared to turn on the news cause all you hear is who killed who So you see us at the shows and think that we straight Niggas tired, I don't remember the last time we ate Just drinking, smoking, jumping on planes Trying to be careful of what chick give me brains There's AIDS out there, and blades out there Niggas trying to cut you like fades out there Everything pretty behind the scene until you find out your favorite rapper's a fiend Yeah, don't be Luda', don't be Tip Don't be 'Face, don't be Usher, don't be Flip Don't be them, don't be 'Pac, don't BIG Be yourself for real homie, you that kid Don't be Sharpton, don't be Jesse Don't be Kan', don't be Melo, don't be 'Bron Don't be them, don't be Bush, please not him But for real little homie, don't be them Aiyyo, this ain't to down little rappers and crews I'm just tryna tell niggas that we stressed out too If you sick, we get sick nigga, flu is flu You don't know, I don't know nigga, who is who? Niggas think we just entertainers, and big complainers You don't know how much shit a day bring us I'm just saying, ain't no guarantees Next single you drop just might freeze You be hot for a minute then you cool on down Look at rap for years, niggas been passing the crown I'm just do you homie, don't be him Don't be me either, fuck that, but don't be them Yeah, don't be them Don't be Jigga, don't be Nas, don't be Kim Don't be them, don't be 'Pac, don't be BIG Be yourself for real homie, you that kid Don't be Sheek, don't be LOX Don't be P, don't be Kiss, don't be Fox' Don't be 50, don't be Weezy, don't be Slim Be yourself for real homie, don't be them Yeah, don't be Swizz, don't be Tim' Don't be N.O.R.E., don't be Cam, don't be Jim Don't be them, don't be 'Pac, don't be BIG Be yourself for real homie, you that kid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Jadakiss, Styles P Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Gettin' Stronger Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] L-O-X, getting stronger D-Block, getting stronger Hip Hop, getting stronger Geah, geah, geah, geah [Sheek Louch] Sheek Louch coming through waving the four-four Nike boots, black hoody, tell me who want war Coke on the glass table, some rock vodka Dutchy rolled, soaked in Cuervo golden My swag is up, my bars is tight The house, the bitches, the jewelry, the cars is right The hammer's light, titanium I put three in your cranium like pop, pop, pop Then I stop [Jadakiss] Ah-ha~! It used to be five-hundred K in the closet Now it's a couple Ms every time I deposit Tell the young boys, it ain't really nothing, it's logic Stack whatever you get and don't spend till you got it On top of that, stay consistent with your product Don't matter if it's just weed or if it's narcotics Do time, you'll pulling off the lock in something exotic [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] [Styles P] Boss Don Dada, dance with the Devil Never bought the bitch Prada, you ain't getting nada Pale moonlight, I'm goon like in hiding And the slug from a four-pound Like some pretty pussy walls, I tear you all down We all go to war now, L dot, O dot, X motherfucker Bricks on the planes, trains, couple to the truckers Shoot from anywhere like niggas in the Ruckus [Sheek Louch] Getting stronger, barrel longer, coupe shorter Jar of that water, millennium flow Camora times two, millennium hoe Tattooed up, diamond cross, Hip Hop's Randy Moss Dump the whole clip and toss Hottest group, let the beat loop and we bury you niggas In your pocket like Kiss and Jigga's Big money, big cars and big cigars, what up? [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] [Jadakiss] Hah-ha~! Yo, comas, funerals, wheelchairs, paraplegics Real life, so you gotta believe it If you did have a goal, then you gotta achieve it Cause your body stays here but your soul gotta leave it Square feet, hot wheels, two-hundred bricks One shot deal cause everybody dabble or pop pills It's hard to top that, point-blank the god has got crack We U-P-S body parts back [Styles P] I don't get the newest Benz, I get the newest house or newest business I learned that from a Jewish friend I break bread with the Arabs but I'm African So I got dope chilling in the gray cab I can hit you with a hook, or a straight jab Or I could cock it back and shoot you in your face hab And you know I'm from Y-O nigga Got every kind of charge, even a Y-O nigga [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: That's a Soldier Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Sheek Louch] Just a kid on his own just tryna get by cause his parents not home, cause they out getting high So he goes to the store tryna steal something fly But he gets bored, now he's on the juvenile ride And he's placed in a home, and he talks on the phone In a whole 'nother world cause he thinks that he's grown So he comes off the waste and shanks up a face but little does he know that's a whole 'nother case That's a soldier, been in every kind of jail Even taught himself to read, nigga sharp as a nail He don't smile that much, he don't like to be touched I mean, a nigga hard, see him out in the yard doing fifty a clip, something crazy on the waste They heater real reason they glued all the plates Nigga got no fear, every nigga on the tier From the warden to the guard show him love I swear He done put in his work, he been working the floor In the library every day learning the law So he goes to the board and they let him come home But gave him parole even though that he's grown Stay with the hammer, the twenty-two long (that's a soldier) Going to war even though that he's wrong (that's a soldier) Don't give a fuck what side you on (that's a soldier) You ain't his fam 'less you there when he's born (that's a soldier) And he don't care what time it is (that's a soldier) He getting up quick to handle his biz (that's a soldier) Millionaire nigga that's moving that raw (that's a soldier) And you ain't even know he lived next door (that's a soldier) [Sheek Louch] Now the streets ain't the same, it's a whole 'nother game It's a lotta new names and a lotta new chains Lil' niggas on the block with pela-pelas Diamonds in their mouth, sitting on chrome, talking on cellies Big funny-shaped Benzos, big Lorenzos Homie getting tired of just rocking his Timbos Bitches running around with fat asses Only giving pussy to these niggas with nice-ass glasses Damn should change, how this pussy nigga get him a Range? These lil' niggas now working with change He like 'Fuck that, something gotta give where I live' These niggas gon' break bread or niggas is dead That's a soldier [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, now he already violated cause his urine is dirty And he already got a hammer, he just watching a birdy These lil' niggas don't know the homie seven-thirty And they don't really don't care, they shoot just as fast Niggas coming round the block, they better not be ass Duke a soldier, he tried to tell homie who he was What he does, laughing, lighting a blunt These lil' niggas like 'Yeah? Now what you want?' Showed his gun handle, point the O.G. to candles Tell 'em that could be him, now beat your Timbs Homie clapped at 'em, point the MAC at 'em It's getting crazy now, but fuck it, it's a soldier in town The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Bully Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: What What Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Yeah, it's a new beginning But e'rything's still the same [Chorus: repeat 2X] If you love it in the hood my niggaz then say - WHAT WHAT! If you like gettin money my niggaz then say - WHAT WHAT! If you runnin from them boys my niggaz then say - WHAT WHAT! But your guns is out, cause you gon' have to catch me! [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Grease let's go daddy~! I got my back all in it, D-Block inside Got my Mac all in it, I ain't leave it in the ride See my face whup a nigga, no bob and no shower Just heavy pushin nigga, mad weed and liquor We don't hide from you homey (nah) we just get up and we go One cigarette, orange juice, one butter roll E'rybody know my name (Sheek Louch!) Bitches on my dick Police loopin back around cause they think they slick Cause I got heavy ammunition, three birds on the seat But I'm just goin here to there, I ain't tryin to draw heat cause I got somethin on my waist (uh-huh) somethin under the hood Motherfucker I'm good for a high speed chase (tell 'em!) [Bully] Okay - you know the name nigga - Bully, BITCH~! I'm a money go-getter, you a light dough spender I'm Barry Bonds of rap you ice cold nigga County on my ass, feds and the task Caprice, doin a hundred but only 80 on the dash (damn!) Pounds in the trunk, burner and a brick Too $hort bitches, on my Oakland shit I got love in the hood, for my thugs in the hood Got my bottom bitch with me she got the snub in the hood Niggaz talk reckless; I tell 'em "Boy listen here You gon' need more than magic to make me disappear" System in the Caprice, soundin all crystal clear Knockin +Silverback+ (GORILLA!) Frontin like we switchin gears [Sheek Louch] Black tops, red tops, clear backs, E pills Ranges, Coupe DeVilles, comin through on big wheels Hat low, my niggaz rowdy as they wanna be (D-Block!) Bluntly, stupid bitch, get from in front of me Sheek Louch homey, now I got a street buzz Song's hot, just like when "Everyday I'm Hustlin" was Down South heavy but New York is where I rest at White tee, hover muh'fuckers wear a vest at Late night, pop the trunk, party over here hoe Drink up, smoke some'n, that's what it's there fo' Hood love, love that, love money, love rap Love fiends who love crack, dope boy and all that! [Outro] Hahahaha, ahhh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ UNK Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: We Comin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash We comin {*15X*} Get up out my way - hey, get up out my way {*4X*} [Sheek Louch] New York, Down South, Bay Area I roll on down and look around A lot of muh'fuckers don't know me now So I cock my pound, pull out my chain Look for a bitch wanna give me brain Let her know I'm really there to sell 'caine If it's good I could be on that train On that flight, by tonight Long as the dope boy price is right Get up out my way Last time, next time I'll spray Pop that trunk, Sheek and UNK Tell Montay yo let that bump I ain't no chump, move over dawg Clear my space out when I walk Elbows thrown, yeah I'm grown I ain't no king of no microphone I'm the king of my house, king of my son Feel like a king when I'm holdin a gun Ain't no killer but I'll vouch you two run Five up in you boy ain't no fun 'fore they chalk it out Got a little stressed I'll "Walk It Out" 'fore your ass be dead lyin on the floor, hot ass led White t-shirt be straight up red (YEAH~!) [UNK] Yo! {*2X*} I ain't gon' lie, I done came out set the world on fire To the top slot couple niggaz got retired Some lost then some got downsized Everybody know me, everybody know thee Oomp Camp, introduce them to the O.C. Ay, why a B wanna try me? See, now you plugged to the IV And, when I'm in N.Y.C. Sheek Louch got the plug, I ride by thee G code, when I'm on the road Connected with the realest that keep the good smoke that pack, nigga where you at? I'm way up front why y'all haters in the back? I'll tell you that, pop a few tracks Spend a lil' money you'll get it right back 'Specially when UNK's on that track It's Oomp Camp, D-Block, nigga pump it to the max That's right, niggaz got it now Cuttin, gunnin, nigga lay it down Seven, runnin, niggaz in the ground Money, mo' money, all on my round Get it by the pound, shut the block down Oomp Camp, D-Block, we run this town We comin [Sheek Louch] Geah, don't stop, get it get it In the South with my Yankee fitted In New York with my Down South rented Hammer cocked but my windows tinted You don't know me, from one of the three (LOX) hottest groups in history I'm Sheek, Louch, Jadakiss and that's my homey, S.P. Go {*6X*} go shorty And leave that deadbeat home cause homey pushin 40 He just want a stay, yeah he don't wanna play Nah, you know what you say? Get get get up out my way I talk what I know, liquor drugs money guns and them thugs Street life, I get it poppin Sheek ain't home I'm car shoppin 24's, slip up doors Candy paint on all them whores Hold it down, whatever town Play me close and you'll hear that sound Pow~! [Outro] We comin {*7X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: We Spray Crowds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] Yeah {*3X*} Go in {*4X*} aiyyo I ain't promotin no violence, I'm just thinkin out loud But (go 'head and stand there, we spray crowds) I ain't tryin to make a record with my momma not proud But (go 'head and stand there, we spray crowds) Take it home lil' momma 'fore they ring out loud Aight (go 'head and stand there, we spray crowds) It's the middle of the night, things startin to get foul Aight (go 'head and stand there, we spray crowds) [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo; now if you all the way thorough, and rep your borough And keep weight on the plate, and rep yo' state If you alone in the streets but your thing hold heat I feel you homey (no doubt) I feel you homey (yeah) Now ain't none of y'all fuckin with me You sleep on the crew, I'm supposed to be after P But nowadays I'm a muh'fuckin Monster Cody Big rims, big whips, nigga big as Brody Niggaz see me, right away they light a big blunt (big blunt) Hood niggaz love me cause they know it be no front Sheek make it hot, every day for a whole month Whatever homebody - stand around if you want [Sheek Louch] They don't party like they used to cause chicks is nervous They in the house, they barely bring they kids to service But me I'm in the club like PARTY OVER HERE~! What what, whatever homey, PARTY OVER HERE~! And I don't really fall into the ice grill Starin at another man dawg - you gon' pop it or chill? And you ain't tryin to get rowdy, homeboy sit still And you don't even know what my man'll do for a bill Ha ha! Chaos is my middle name a/k/a Ramon taggin on the middle train Just a lil' nigga tryin to get a lil' brain Born and raised, muh'fucker stay in your lane [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo you know when the Jake come and get all loud {*bloop bloop*} They stay in the car because we spray crowds You know where we at, just look for the crowd Some know Dancer, I just stay with a big ass dutch that look big enough to cause some cancer (light up!) And I don't even know, who the watch made by Cause the diamonds hidin the jeweler - one patch on my eye Suede Ballys like Rick the Ruler Since you like takin E and havin big ass drinks And ridin around half naked in the long-ass mink I said whatever baby go 'head, make me proud But - just don't stand there (why) we spray crowds The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Fat Joe, Styles P Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Rubber Grip Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] J {*3X*} J {*4X*} J-J-J-J. Cardim! "Tryin to get my hands on a Mac with the rubber grip" {*3X*} "Tryin to get my" {*3X*} "Mac with the rubber grip" [Sheek Louch] Uhh, rubber grip (rubber grip) where are you? (Where are you?) I'm lookin for you (lookin for you) can I borrow you? (Can I borrow you?) Lost mine, had to dump it out, in a nigga's spine Fuck it though (fuck it though) nigga shouldn'ta crossed the fuckin line Geah~! Pay attention my nigga, ain't no switchin my nigga This is school but out here ain't no detention my nigga (No doubt) I'm about the whips, fuck with the Bloods and Crips In the hood with them gorillas and banana clips (whaddup?) They don't like that I'm real, they say I make 'em sick Cause they don't see me no more, after I give 'em dick The price is right, the hood is quiet Go 'head and flip, if I run to the car I'm just, I'm just... [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Fat Joe - over Chorus] WOOO~! Yeah Sheek It's your nigga I got things for that rubber grip That BX, that TX burn nigga, it's Crack! Yes, on the rubber tip N.Y. City It's what I does [Fat Joe] Coca! Yes niggaz, I love my rubber grip Fingers itchin and I'm lookin for someone to hit Aww man, this is it huh? Niggaz been gettin shot before Scott LaRock Every block party ended in a shootout Midst of it all I was first to bring them tools out Had the shotty in the Benetton bag Deuce deuce in my sneaker make you do the running man This is my fascination, no exaggeration Just ask Bush, that cat'll blast the nation God damn I love my rubber grip I jerk off of this shit, I guess I'm fuckin sick [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Styles P] Yeah I'm heartless, like I'm motherless Mac with the rubber grip, I be on some other shit Beefin with, niggaz in the hood, and the government Load it up, squeeze it off, nigga I be lovin it I be doin shit, for the fuck of it Blame it on money cause, I ain't got enough of it Money over hoes nigga, never ever cuff a bitch My hood they gon' laugh at you, say you on some sucker shit Got a lot of weight to move, lookin for a trucker quick Mean as Don Dada, ain't nobody on no tougher shit (nobody) Yeah I keep the Mac, with the rubber grip Knife, with the rubber grip I'm in the basement, makin the pipe, with the rubber grip [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: 2 Turntables & A Mic Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Spider, this what it's missing huh? Walk with a diddy-bop, arm out the hard-top Leaning like the eighties, Bs on the Mercedes Piff lit, yelling out some shit to the ladies Chrome three-eighty, too small to go on my hip So I just keep it right next to my grip I'm a B-Boy standing in my B-Boy stance But I don't breakdance ever since 'One More Chance' I'm a fly muh'fucker, I do it +BIG+ like that Bed'-Stuy' muh'fucker Coupe at the Rucker M.O.P. blasting, yeah 'Blucka Blucka' I don't throw it back, I'm just cool like that White tee, white terrycloth, Fila hat You know the goons is here You'd think Flex started the car show a little bit early this year Old Caprices totally gutted Copped it from an old man, when I got it it was totally flooded Now this one chick seen it and totally nutted "Sh-Sh-Sh-Sheek.." that's what she stuttered, haha I'm an H-double O-D-L-U-M In the streets but still fly high like Jim I do ten or, and a year and a day like Kim Either way your chances of beating me are slim I'm not him, please take precaution Your boy Sheek pull that baby out like an abortion, let's go [Chorus: 2X] Let's go Two turntables and a mic, let's go It ain't over till someone fight, let's go Police come and ruin our night, let's go Let's go, let's go [Sheek Louch] Go hoodlums, go thugs Police thank everyone but men got drugs Couple of revolvers, clips and some slugs Sheek watch the news, I know if I'm going for a cruise The stashbox got a fresh fuse Apache on him, break beating, bringing it back Bringing it back, bringing it back, bringing it back Bringing it back, bringing it back, apache on him Now its CDs, no vinyl Sheek go back like the Jeffersons' first +Lionel+ They ask me to spit, I said sure I had to think what the game missing now, straight up raw I ain't no backpacker, I'm a clown smacker A {?} weed-smoking nutcracker I'm in the hood with bottles with two hoodrats that could be models, if they lose some weight But I'm good, a fat ass to me is straight Old Levi's, five-oh-one, wash 'em one time, they done Eff it, I got more in the trunk Next to the Stan Smiths, next to the pump You hear that bump when it's come on, the crowd jump Drinks get spilled, the crowd get crunk I'm back on it, I got straight hood music Either way you put it, it's all good music, let's go [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Mic Check Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com Microphone check, one two Mic-microphone check, one two (is this thing on?) Microphone check, one two Mic-microphone check, one two Microphone check, one two Mic-microphone check, one two (is this thing on?) Microphone check, one two Mic-microphone check [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Mr. Magic playing, big old boombox Way before D-Block, a little before LOX Krush Groove and Beat Street, spell my name out Fat Boys, remember Disorderlies came out? I remember Reverend Run was Tougher Than Leather New laces and he wore the mob hats together So who's the next Jam Master Jay? Is it Flex? Is it Felli Fel? Is Hova the next Melle Mel? Is LOX the new Cold Crush, Furious Four? New hood mink plus one more A dying breed, yes indeed But right now we what Hip Hop needs, aiyyo engineer [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo cars, fashion, jewelry dripping What color you wearing, what drink you sipping? It's a new generation of Hip Hop Now it's more money involved, so it's Hip Hop And they expect you to change or get dropped And you can listen or be mad when your shit flop I like it though, all that just keep me on Nowadays they say Sheek got a slick ass tongue And I ain't old or young, I fit right in between Still a player but it's only right I made her my queen You don't come for my Beem', I don't come for yours Let's get money and do some tours, hey yo engineer [Sheek Louch] I know well I could sell more with Usher on the hook Instead I make something to do a juk, look It's no good without bad It wouldn't be history if Shan didn't get mad Listen, niggas battle to say the least It's life, we go to war, we make peace And they said that rap was the Devil's play But it was cool when them boys made 'Walk This Way' Now look, you got Nelly with Garth Brook, Diddy with the Pussycats Some rap dudes, different hats And we ain't going nowhere Mr. if you got ears, this is all you gon' here, hey yo engineer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Go Hoodlums Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Sheek Louch] It's time.. lock in [Chorus: 2X] Go hoodlums, go thugs All my street niggas moving them drugs Go strip bitch, make a nigga rich I know the radio ain't really gon' like this but [Sheek Louch] I see everybody talking bout the Cris' they drinking Nobody really saying what a thug is thinking See these bitches don't know you till you come with the Lincoln or the Porsche eyes lift up like the car was blinking Real niggas on the block with big dimes in his sock Heavy weed, I bet somewhere around is a Glock Posted up, leaning on the Corvette butt Popping shit about the hoodrat that made you nut Like nigga what? Just a G-D More money, more jewelry than niggas on BET I just wanna make a dollar, hook up my Impala If you feeling Sheek Louch, somebody help me holler [Chorus: 2X] [Sheek Louch] You ain't paying the bills or making it rain You just sitting on your broke fat ass complaining And you wonder why you here unless you running the train Ain't getting money with them big boys that's heavy in 'caine How you think the True Religions and the Jimmy Choo came? How you think your little man got the XBox game? Get money bitch, get your head did Fuck that nigga, go and have another kid You could be broke alone, you done heard it before And cause you fucking with these niggas don't make you a whore You just tryna get a couple things you seen in the store that this bum broke nigga couldn't do before [Chorus: 2X] [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo, still white tee, still hug the block No suits on me, nah homie lick a cock Trey-eighty on the bus coming back with the lady Tailored Greyhound and a yankee-colored Mercedes You ain't never had a week in the box You ain't never rolled hits and ate rich, you know, the life of The LOX And I still got a fan base, rap or not Fresh out the pot, nigga, I still got a fan base Don't get mad, U-P-S is hiring Act hard, these lil' niggas is firing All this gimmick-ass rap getting tiring Y'all niggas' hood pass about to be expiring [Chorus: 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: The Last Kiss Song: Pain & Torture Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Intro) Yeah niggas! HAHAHA HEEE!! So this is what it all boils down to huh? HUH? This is what it comes to huh? HUH? PLAYOFFS!?! Yo Poofs fuck that we back baby [Jadakiss] I ain't ask you to fear it Mandatory you think about it after you hear it And it's the evil that's gon' make you have to compare it You know me I swing back thru it See who got hit after I air it But it ain't about shit Niggas mumble about my outfits But I'm humble, I keep my mouth shut Lacin' em well, it was destined for Jason to sell I can make you a reservation to hell Then blow you out of the water I'm out of your order Me versus any rapper is slaughter Somethin' like a poet and a author The only difference is that I make slick talk wit pain & torture (Hook) 2x One false move will cost ya These lames will cross ya Don't let the game extort ya Try to learn from what the game has taught ya I'm the author of slick talk, pain & torture [Jadakiss] Yo, I'ma take the responsibility for bring it back They rappin' wit hostility meanin' they wack But then again I feel 'em Knowin' that they up against a nigga just like myself that'll kill 'em Gotta spend a buck at the dealer for suede ceilings Lotta bodies drop because of betrayed feelings What other rappers you know made it and stayed dealin'? Smart niggas just felt back and they save millions These are pedestrian bars for the civilians Shoes is Italian, handgun Brazilian Open it up and see what Kiss brought ya Slick talk, pain & torture (Hook) 2x [Jadakiss] Yo, I flip words around sorta like birds and pounds Rub shoulders in the industry wit nerds and clowns Give it to whoeva deserve the rounds Hollow tips move organs and nerves around Get money, fuck riffin' I'm definitely cut different, I twist hunnies, puff piffin' Get my insight from an OG wit a good job and all that but he loves sniffin' Shit talker, Playboy British Walker Rappers be home like "God, please get 'em off us" After the sunshine it gets darker Yeah, slick talk, pain & torture (Hook) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: The Last Kiss Song: Can't Stop Me Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Background Singer] (Jadakiss) Oooh babe, oooh babe, oooh babe (Gets even better) Baby Oooh babe, oooh babe, can't stop me baby! Oooh babe, oooh babe, oooh babe, baby Oooh babe, oooh babe, can't stop me baby! [Verse One: Jadakiss] Ummm hmmm yes I does that Stays hot I ain't gotta get my buzz back What everybody tryin to be now I was that They could never stop me, that's why I love rap Been livin the life, crazy ice With the baddest chicks in the world maybe twice The swag, the gear, the bread All the whips is a year ahead I only fear the feds Forty five on the other side of the peep hole  Head shot from point blank call it a free throw Funny cause I had the +Vision+ since Coleco Back then, still ain't reach my peak though Louis loafers, Polo peak coat Call me, whenever the bosses meet yo Uh, I drove papi crazy So the industry never 'gon stop me baby [Background Singer & Jadakiss singing the chorus] (Background Singer) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yo! I'm a call it confidence cause I ain't cocky I just know one thing they can't stop me Whether I'm on 5th or L.A. at the swap meet It's all good cause I know the gangstas got me First things first the jars are broccoli I treat the rap game like a large monopoly One on one, niggas can't guard me properly And when they double team me the odds are sloppy I move like them eighty milograms of oxy Send your sister back to your family knock kneed Got too hot for the grams who got weed? In the rap bracket he remains the top seed Revolver holds six, quick to blow three Audio heroin so you don't O.D. Shooters know you, but you don't know me The block is crazy can't stop me baby, uh! [Background Singer & Jadakiss singing the chorus] (Background Singer) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo, once I start, I ain't 'gon stop the squeezin  And the gauze ain't 'gon be able to stop the bleedinN And your girl ain't 'gon be able to stop the wheezin (nah) When she get that phone call from the doc, we even  You could not stop me, so stop believin  Ringtone rap, this is not the season  Punch lines hard enough to stop your breathin  And the ladies'll still pay a lot to see him  I'm a get rich long as I got my freedom  Usually when you get hit it's for a reason  If you in the hood, better dodge the Ds'and  watch your Qs'and, be on your Ps' and  Thank y'all all for comin out this evening  Havin a good time with your liquor and treason  Even if they knock me, then continue to watch me  They still wouldn't be able to stop me What? [Background Singer & Jadakiss singing the chorus] (Background Singer) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) You can't stop me now you can't stop me No you can't stop me now you can't stop me You can't stop me now you can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) [Outro: Jadakiss] Uh, uh, uh, Neo, Da Matrix! They can't stop me (You, can't, stop, me baby) I'm too strong, too strong! Way too strong (You can't stop me babyyyy...) They can't stop me! Hahahaha! Ha-HEEH!! (Nooo..., can't stop me baby) Heheh...yep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ OJ Da Juiceman, Swizz Beatz Album: The Last Kiss Song: Who's Real Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Swizz Beatz] + (Jadakiss) He's phony, she's fake That's the type of people I hate (uhh) Hey, hey, Jada Jada! (AH-HAHHHH!) Jada Jada! Point 'em out, point 'em out (uh) Point 'em out (uhh) [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] He's phony, she's fake That's the type of people I hate If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} Wait a minute - who's real, who's not? She's real, but he's not If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} [Jadakiss] AH-HAHHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo Gun's gon' clap, packs gon' move Blood get drawn, skin gon' bruise Real gon' win, the fake gon' lose The love overpowers the hate by twos All they left was the yellow tape and his shoes It's real when the funeral and wake make the news Load the trey-pound so we six up on 'em So when they act phony we just switch up on 'em, what [Chorus] w/ ad libs [OJ Da Juiceman] Who's phony, who's fake? Silver Hummer, on eights Life's good, I'm straight Clap your hands one time you relate Can't keep it 100, them the ones I hate But I'ma keep it 200 for the ones that fake Red and black car on the red chrome skates Young Juiceman push a burner on my plate [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Jadakiss] Uh, yeah, yo Pocket full of cash, wallet full of plastic In and out the lanes, dippin through the traffic We ain't hustlin no more, we doin gymnastics Couple of flips and then stash it, bastards Real gon' recognize real Phony gon' recognize steel, I reckon I will expose those who are, if you ain't or you are I done gone too far, sorry, MWAH Get yourself a fresh flesh wound or a new scar Bullet holes all on the side of your new car Load up the A-R, spray y'all, okay y'all? It's real on this side, phony wherever they are, what! [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Mary J. Blige Album: The Last Kiss Song: Grind Hard Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com [Mary J. Blige] Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! [Mary J. Blige] Now we shinin' hard just like we wanna do Grindin' day and night, so we can kick off our shoes And there's the glamorous life Look what we made it to! We some real live bosses, got 'em lookin' at you We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) We touch the start (oooh-ooh!) That's what they call us (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To fight 'em all off (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) [Jadakiss]  Ha-ha! Yo! Twenty-four seven, three-six-five If we ain't breaking 'em down, then we lettin' 'em fly! Nah - never I, always we  I came in the game dividin' the pies by three  Then we got famished, so we set standards  Very similar to the +Ten Crack Commandments+  Some couldn't take it, others got lost and couldn't make it  We wanted to floss, but couldn't fake it! The Hood embraced it, the rest is basic  No need to rush, be extra patient! The new four-door Porsche is extra spacious  Same entourage, no extra faces! Hands down, the best - no explanations!  And to the top is the next destination!  And ain't no time-outs! Death is the only time we gonna sign-out! So we gonna grind out! What?! [Mary J. Blige] Now we shinin' hard just like we wanna do Grindin' day and night, so we can kick off our shoes And there's the glamorous life Look what we made it to We some real live bosses, got 'em lookin' at you We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) We touch the start (oooh-ooh!) That's what they call us (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To fight 'em all off (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) [Jadakiss]  Ha-ha! Ugh! Yeah! Yo!  Top 5, Dead Or Alive's what they consider him! Soon as them things come in, we get rid of 'em  +Mo Money, Mo Problems+ - gotta live with 'em! Only thing they care about is what you givin' 'em!  Not the energy that you wasted in the game  Or the tears that trickled down your face from the pain  The time your jaw cracked, you wasted the 'caine  Had to do two shifts to make it the same!  That all changed, as soon as you tasted the fame  And it was all worth it, after you made you a name  Thanks to Our Heavily Father  We fly on the jet now, 'stead of the charter  Leave a nice tip in the front for the gardener  Do a lot of listenin', so we stay smarter  Everybody's a hero, when they get scarred-up  It's my ball - check it up, y'all better guard-up! Let's go! [Mary J. Blige] Now we shinin' hard just like we wanna do Grindin' day and night, so we can kick off our shoes And there's the glamorous life Look what we made it to! We some real live bosses, got 'em lookin' at you We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) We touch the start (oooh-ooh!) That's what they call us (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To fight 'em all off (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) Harder! [Mary J. Blige] When we step up out that car The whole damn world's lookin' at us 'Cause they knew what's from before Now we ain't hurtin' no more “You can bring me the girl, I'll sign my name!” Now we're flyin' private planes and such Lookin' like a million bucks +You Can't Tell Me Nothing!+ [Mary J. Blige] Now we shinin' hard just like we wanna do Grindin' day and night, so we can kick off our shoes And there's the glamorous life Look what we made it to We some real live bosses, got 'em lookin' at you We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder (oooh-ooh!) We touch the start (oooh-ooh!) That's what they call us (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To fight 'em all off (oooh-ooh!) We grind hard (oooh-ooh!) To play harder! Harder! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Fiend, Young Jeezy Album: The Last Kiss Song: Something Else Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jadakiss] + (Fiend) (Uhh) Definitely what they been waitin for (you already KNOW, yeah) At least a certain percentage of the world (uh-huh) Anyway (hahahaha) Can I talk my shit? (talk that shit) Sure I can (talk that shit, talk that shit) Cause ain't nobody gon' do nothin about it anyway... a-ha-HAHHHH! (Talk that shit, talk that shit, Jada talk that SHIT, ohh!) You could tell the way I stack my money (I'm somethin else!) Nah, I ain't one of them dummies (I'm somethin else!) Tre's, nick's, dimes and twenties (I'm somethin else!) The way I get it in with the honeys (I'm somethin else!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo, you know I love to style on ya, blue 40-caliber Butterfly doors on the triple black challenger And I'm still in and out, got it so I'm spendin out Dope boy, so I never have a problem in a drought Don't take, too much work if you can't manage that Just in case you run out of empties, use sandwich bags Play with the hand you was dealt That's why I ride the track 'til it melt I could care less how you feel, how you felt I done spent niggaz rent money on belts Threesomes in the trunk, I'm fuckin for the wealth And the hood ask about me, I'm somethin else [Chorus: Jadakiss] + (Fiend) You could tell the way I stack my money (I'm somethin else!) Nah, I ain't one of them dummies (I'm somethin else!) Tre's, nick's, dimes and twenties (I'm somethin else!) The way I get it in with the honeys (I'm somethin else!) Still representin the block (I'm somethin else!) And you ain't got to tell me I'm hot (I'm somethin else!) I'm exactly what they not (I'm somethin else!) Hahh (I'm somethin else!) AH-HAHHH! (I'm somethin else!) [Young Jeezy – over Chorus] C.T.E. nigga... yeah! Yeah! Let's go [Verse Two: Young Jeezy] I ain't even did nothin, feelin like I'm traffickin See these blood diamonds, sir, my chain African Speakin of my chain, yeah it need to get a job Get the fuck up off my neck, Senator Barack Whatever that you do, look, don't get caught That stash get low, ya ass might get bought Okay I'm over it, let's talk about somethin else I said I'm over it, I think I bought somethin else That's why I live e'ry day (day) like a thug holiday +Suffocate+ a nigga about mines - J. Holiday Quick to make a movie 'bout my Doc Holiday It's why I'm strapped 365, even holidays, yeah! [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo, it hurts cause they know that I'm better, and they hate it They came in with my whole style, and they made it The dope boys love me in the hood, I'm they favorite In the jails, niggaz is makin bets I'ma say shit Hands-on with certified G's Have your whole family missin for 35 G's, please I perfected my craft from a different aspect So the bars is lethal and the voice is a asset And as far as the people, they ain't finish the class yet I'm beyond these feeble-mind rappers that half step I don't carve the way, for these niggaz like Aztecs I touch souls, somethin's felt; yeah, I'm somethin else The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles P Album: The Last Kiss Song: One More Step Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Jadakiss] + (Styles P) Uh-huh, yup, AH-HAH! Cyphers in front of the Apollo as a shorty (Now I got a clip full of hollows in the .40) Louis (Gucci's) every now and then (Maurice) I take too long to come back (send for me) Know how to work it (big things poppin) On the underground circuit (maintain) 'til it surfaced The nerve of these peasants (treat a rap budget) I'm like a bird how I stretch it (think they get the message) Waters (dutchies) lot of herb (in the session) So-called tough guys (herbs with aggression) Put your thoughts all over the curb (with the Wesson) What used to be superb (now is depression) Negative energy – generated from the snakes (and the centipedes, you will) remember me I just get the storm started (Cold-blooded) warm-hearted (Either way) you on target (Move to the side) like a lane merge (The gun's like fried rice) Who want they brain stirred? (Enter the limelight) lemon drop-top (off a crime life) Always see the crew in the hindsight (Yeah, American sedan) Shooters got Berettas in they hands (This is mafia) The veterans are planned (Word to the tape on the brick) This is raw (we in the four-by-four) 8 plus 8 in the clip (Hustlin Harry Potter) shakin the brick (Ice in the bracelet) give the matrix a glitch (And my car's like a spaceship) Got gold in my Nike checks (Jordans got ice in the laces) (Pants got a gun where the waist is) It's basic (Shirts smell like earth smoke, chirp) Yo (Chirp back) let me know (who gettin murked though) Yeah we gettin money nigga (who gettin work though?) And I got the kush nigga (I got the purple) (Move squares) cause we gotta hold down the circle (Kill you) or hurt you (whatever's a virtue) Beat you like your parents when you breakin your curfew [Chorus: Jadakiss] + (Styles P) Yeah, homie live life to the death (We gon' make it to the top) Just one more step Vicious money, it don't matter if it's cash or a check (We gon' make it to the top) Just one more step Big houses, cars, and jewels that's wet (We gon' make it to the top) Just one more step 'Til the family, friends, whole life is set (We gon' make it to the top) Just one more step One more step [Jadakiss] + (Styles P) Yo, livin my life (what's left of it) Don't try to go to jail but if you do (make the best of it) If you crash into a bullet (then it ain't no estimate) It's a money-back guarantee my nigga (death's a definite) This is audio crack (guess who's chef'in it?) Jadakiss and S.P. (do this effortless) Gunplay make you do whatever (son say) If the Lord send you a flight (the ticket is one-way) Put that work in when you young, you get (power) Money don't match the runnin and get (sour) Still (rep the hood to the death) A promise is only good if it's kept (niggaz'd kill you for less) (Silence is golden) Go 'head, keep dozin The window of opportunity (keeps closin) We gon' see if you really a clutch baller A cell is small (but a casket is much smaller) (Burn out 30 a session) 60 a ki' shit (That street shit) Jada and P shit (Lambo's, hoopties) Shooters and groupies (Monte Claire) D square (Emilio Poochie) Long trips (short trips) makin me nauseous (Courtship) Gave them jewels money for Porsches (Made a couple mil') but it's small shit (We rap and keep raw) so we on some street law (court shit) (Walls still spin) Upgraded the floor flip (Ain't touch it) ain't see it (ain't hear about it) If it's money gone (believe we gon' care about it) Send some niggaz to your crib (take the air up out it) (Leave some blood up in it) Listen fam, the Lamb's the color of toast (seats like butter in it) No hammers in the club (box cutter in it) Long money and big checks (Get popped in the chest, face) wig, neck (trey-pound) sick tec (Play the game) Get a plane if you shipwrecked (Learns from the best) if you ain't learn shit yet (Yeah!) Motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Cassie, Pharrell Album: The Last Kiss Song: Stress Ya Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Interlude: Cassie] + (Pharrell) If you want it, come get it (New York City must be) If you want it, come get it If you want it, come get it If you want it, come get it (New York City must be) [Chorus: Pharrell] Yeah, you can dance if you want to But you really don't have to dance See you got your eyes on the hustlers, you just wanna touch us C'mon with the lump in your pants See, I ain't gon' stress ya But I know my glow got you under pressure You already know that the flow is extra Stand right here so the blocks can catch ya, listen [Jadakiss] C'mon, c'mon.. naw, uh-huh You know, AH-HAH! Uh, yo If you wan' take a picture with money then stand right here You see all eyes is on the man right here Us hookin up is the plan I swear And you ain't gotta dance, you could stand right there Nice hips plus she got an ass to lean on Type of honey that you wanna flash the green on Real New Yorker, brilliant author The work still on the same scale as Orca Still sellin the kush and lightin the sour Still in the hood gettin right with the powder So it ain't no need in fightin the power Cause the flicks'll be up on every site in an hour, c'mon [Jadakiss] Uh-uh, uh-huh, know, AH-HAH! Uh, yo - J to the MWAH I'm one of the best in world ma, that's what they say on the blogs Look in the garage, half of the cars off the bars, and the other half off the mall My entourage is large, so hard 'Kiss run the streets, my niggaz run the yard Whoever disagree could bet they get scarred We keep it so rugged but we still so suave Just seen your girl, 'bout to give me a massage Her friend wanna join, 'bout to make it a ménage Let the desert off for the sake of the mirage Cause it all look good, until the Louis lands far, yeah [Interlude] – repeat 2X [Jadakiss] Uh-uh, uh-huh, you know, AH-HAH! Uhh, yeah, yo - flow extra, dough extra They recognize the glow no matter who he's next to Recognized your hoe, then he probably sexed her All my hood niggaz gettin money, throw your sets up You know what it is with the kid, put your bets up Honey wanna slide but I got her under pressure Keep tryin to tell her that I ain't tryin to stress her But come stand right here so the blocks can catch ya; let's go [Outro: Pharrell] New York City must be... New York City must be... New York City must be... New York City must be... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nas Album: The Last Kiss Song: What If Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Jadakiss] Yo, take a second What if we could rewind the hood? Better yet, what if the Lox woulda signed wit Suge? What if Puffy neva signed us? What if Oprah made them comments like Imus? What if you designed us? Thought like I did, said it like this What if Payton was fightin' dogs instead of Mike Vick? What if Arnold woulda just let Tookie get Life? What if BIG missed the party? What if Pac missed the fight? What if you was caged in? What would you change then? What if there was no Rockefeller law for made men? What if hate ran thru me? And what if Portland woulda drafted Jordan instead of Sam Bowie? What if you really had to be nice to get a deal? What if all of these rappers ice was really real? What if I hit you wit the razor from cheek to chin? What if Mike Jackson neva woulda bleached his skin? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x What if you neva knew things that you needed to know? What if you neva been places you needed to go? What if you get there and learn them as you go? What if is the question, can I ask them once more? [Jadakiss] What if the pain went away? What if you changed in a day? What if you could eliminate all the games people played? What if Shyne beat the case? What if Diddy did a dime flat? What if Nelson Mandela could give his time back? What if Malcolm was silent? What if Martin was violent? What if you could really sneak an Uzi on the Island? Yeah, what if I make you kiss the nina? What if a brick was only just a misdemeanor? What if Manhattan was hit by Hurricane Katrina? What if a Black man was the one controllin' FEMA? What if we ain't neva let emotions come between us? What if the last time we rode somebody seen us? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x [Nas] Yo, I flow calm but don't push What if Saddam hung Bush? What if 'One Mic' was called one hook? What if the Bridge neva showed me how to hold a weapon? What if I ran up in that sick shit wit no protection? What if I neva wore an Army jacket? Carhartt to match it, unlaced Timbs The hood on my first album cover under plastic What if I was another corny rapper? What if I went instead of Notorious? Who would tell my story after? What if I love less and lust more? If Obama was on Rushmore Would Ali give Tyson a bust jaw? What if I neva glared out that project window? Would neva be scared for the life of me and my kinfolk What if that gun pin broke? I would neva linked back in the Enzo, all red What if real niggas was all dead? What if Hilary and them was Reptilian? And 2012 was the end of men and all world civilians? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: The Last Kiss Song: Things I've Been Through Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Uh huh. I just wanna thank yall for taking the time to listen Ah-ha I appreciate that [Jadakiss] Yo, from regular TV to cable; from bouncing label to label Just trying to get the horse out of the stable Was once part of the dynasty, at least I was trying to be Think it was the time of my life when I was fine to me Sitting in the spot with the dimes Willing to do anything just to be a Bad Boy at the time (That's right) Then I rolled the dices, naw the money didn't add up But just that whole experience, it was priceless No free rides to the bank, on top of that Was the untimely demise of Frank (B.I.) Then the 'No Way Out' tour, we was smoking outdoor Me and 80 stacks off cee-lo, that's without tour Videotaped it all, I still watch it now Travel the world, learned how to rock a crowd It ain't much but it beats poor Things that I've been through is all I can speak for [Chorus: Luther Vandross samples from "Promise Me"] I can only speak for  The things that I've been through (Repeat 2x) [Jadakiss] Now I'm on Ruff Ryders/Interscope, same shit Partnership, joint venture, fifty-fifty, same split Jimmy put the money up, two singles off of 'We Are the Streets' Then after that, seem like he was done with us But it wasn't over yet, Stout had a plan from the jump Which was to come out with my solo next Things a little better, these the niggas that I've been doing it with forever So I'm like whatever First album dropped, promotions was hella Every stage I rocked, the performance was stella Had the whole world ready to Ryde or Die for me And I wasn't even platinum, I was just side money X was bringing in the moolah I was in the hood in the kitchen with the digital ruler Can't tell you about the evil that men do I can only speak for the things that I've been through [Chorus: Repeat] [Jadakiss] As far as The LOX, we all fine, seller is all wine Selfish for me to say that Roc-A-Fella is all mine Cause it ain't, I'm just another employee that's on line Trying to get my act together and do it one more time Twenty-one gun salute with all 9's And I know it's on me to make sure we all shine Fall back, let the weed contact your mind Define bullshit in any contract you sign If you from the streets though, there's plenty of loopholes to eat yo Once they let you in, you suppose to keep dough But I can't give you the formula, I'm on it though Expect the worst, the outcome is enormous though Stay humble, still keep your heat for insurance though Things that I been through to get it weren't normal yo Yeah, this is what my heart beats for yo Things that I've been through is all I can speak for [Chorus til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Avery Storm Album: The Last Kiss Song: I Tried Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Avery Storm] Every day, somethin in my way, I try Shit ain't goin right, I try to see the light, I try Ohh, it's like my eyes got a cover on 'em, and somethin holdin me back A better man, better level, better know I try [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, get off me, AH-HAH! Uh, yeah yo Listen, I done played with the snakes in the grass Paid for my mistakes I made in the past Everybody ate when I came with the cash At least I tried to ride the wave 'til it crashed Same wood on the gun handle is on the dash All the hoods that son ran through is on smash They can't identify you with a mask And the bible'll tell you nothin is gonna last The name of the game's survival If you make it alive when you ride through they make it arrival My boo is gon' ride, you know I'm gon' ride too Make an M every day, I'm gon' try to - let's go [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, get off me, AH-HAH! Uh, yeah yo I tried to tell niggaz I'm willin to blast for it I only try to give it to niggaz that ask for it Got them things on the scale, I'm still weighin 'em Thought my dues was paid, I'm still payin 'em Couple Eleanor's and the Goose, I'm still Bay'in 'em Semi's and the fully's, know that the truth stay with him Wolves and gorillas is loose, so don't play with him Somethin's holdin him back, nothin that you could say to him Popped champagne with Biggie at the Palladium Put that good hawk work in with the titaniums Shit switch around when them heats get fired And ya peeps just died, but at least he tried - let's go [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, get off me, AH-HAH! Uh, yeah - watch the game get tooken over I'm still on the same side of the fence, I'm just lookin over A solider, from the gravel to the grass to the obstacles in life I traveled in the past Whether I'm holdin a mic or holdin a mac It's like an invisible force is holdin me back But I ain't lettin go of my pride After I get the dough I'll slide, better know I tried Let's go, uh [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Avery Storm] Here come another day up on me Put the pressure on me, here we go again ahhh I try to do what's right when life is so wrooooong I want a better way, I see a better day 'Nuff what the people said, I want a better me God knows that I try but time won't wait for me [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Avery Storm] I tried, hey! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: The Last Kiss Song: Rocking With the Best Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Come on, two-step, uh, yeah Come on, two-step, uh, yeah Now let's work, ah-ha [Jadakiss] We can do it up, just the two of us Me and you shorty, we don't need the crew with us You know my hammer large, I'm the man in charge I like your Louie bag, the Monty Grammer flange A little zif and dale, a little ace of spade I'ma roll the purple up, let you taste the haze You know I gotta thug it, Olympic size swimming pool With the mosaic towels at the bottom of it You could spin and keep spinning, I ain't got a budget I can put enough away and I ain't gotta touch it Don't worry about nothing, Kiss got it covered You now rocking with the best girl, gotta love it [Chorus with some ad-libs] Girl, oh girl You're now rocking with the best of both worlds Girl, oh girl You're now rocking with the best of both, girl {Jadakiss] When you're at the top, there's no stopping it Take a second realize who you're rocking with Just noticed the color car that you're shopping with Take pride in the joint when you're mopping it Kiss melts in your mouth like chocolate Make sure it's hot whenever you're dropping it Right now we got billionaire guap to get You ain't in the boys club, you just copped the fifth I'm two-stepping in, honey popping in Your first was the worst now it's the opposite Yes, I must confess girl You're now rocking with the best, girl [Bridge 1] Get your glass up, cause I'm back again What it do shorty? What's happening? You know this beats jamming,  it's remarkable Everybody looking, what you gonna do? [Bridge 2] Now move closer for the (kid) one time Closer for the (kid) one time Closer for the (kid) one time (Back that ass on the kid) one time Now drop it like you do it for the (East) one time Drop it like you do it for the (West) two times Drop it like you do it for the (North) three times Drop it like you do it for the (South) Girl [Jadakiss] We could stay around here, we could take a trip I take you to the block show you how I make it flip And it's finished so fast cause I make it quick All I ever knew how to do is make it sick Pop another bottle ma, let's take a sip Close your eyes, blow the candles out, make a wish And just forget about the rest of 'em Cause you're rocking with the best of 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Jazmine Sullivan Album: The Last Kiss Song: Smoking Gun Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Chorus: Jazmine Sullivan] You're the only one I love The only man I know that I can trust And if I ever should need you I know you'll come ready to kill With a smoking gun With a smoking gun [Jadakiss] Yo, shorty is courageous, going through the stages Of where her body is more mature than her age is Far from the daddy's little girl type Can't even imagine what her world's like It all started off from a young'n Stepfather used to touch her and she couldn't say nothing The more she in held to the pain, it kept coming Eventually, it scarred for life as a woman And then he just kept touching her Inside, that was crushing her I got something to discuss with her I'm coming with the tech and the muffler You're the only one I love The only man I know that I can trust And if I ever should need you I know you'll come ready to kill With a smoking gun With a smoking gun Uh huh, uh huh, with a smoking gun Uh huh, uh huh, with a smoking gun Uh huh, uh huh I know you'll come ready to kill With a smoking gun [Jazmine Sullivan ad-lib] [Jazmine Sullivan] I know you'll run ready to kill With a smoking gun [Jadakiss] Yo, now she really stressed bad, baby by her step dad Her and little man all alone up in West Ham Tough road and without a car, it's a tough walk Worst part about it is her mom think is her fault Word get around yall, you know how the town talk Babygirl is innocent, labeled her a town whore Suicidal thoughts on her mind, even now more First the abuse, now she gotta raise her child poor And that's why I feel for you That's why I'm ready to kill for you That's a black girl lost for you Call me, I'll come through and let it off for you (Blaow) [Jazmine Sullivan ad-lib] [Jazmine Sullivan] I know you'll run ready to kill With a smoking gun [Jadakiss] Yo, it ain't your fault boo, I'm always here for you to talk to Hold your head high when you walk though Sometimes the devil's temptation will force you But one thing about the lord, he'll never cross you Look at all the bad things that they tried to do to you And you still queen of the earth and you're beautiful Everything happens for a reason If you ever need me, call me, I'm coming through squeezing (Blaow) [Jazmine Sullivan ad-lib] [Jazmine Sullivan] I know you'll run ready to kill With a smoking gun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Ghostface Killah, Raekwon Album: The Last Kiss Song: Cartel Gathering Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Ghostface Killah] Yo yo yo! Word to ride nigga, yeah Aiyyo we four or five niggaz with furs on Up top gated up, big tables got the reserves on Blowin on saxophones, the band is rough So much ice on looks like my wrist been cut And we just made it back from Beijing Seen my jeweler, told him melt the bird down to eight rings And the music stopped, Jada stood up (yeah) Before the speech, he had everybody raise they cups He said, I been in spots where I can't even mention it "Don't drink the Cris', Ghost mighta pissed in it!" Romanian dude, black down, pourin the saki Face slumped to the side like Rocky Then Strahan came through, with his bullshit ring He said YIKES, when I pulled out my monster bling Don't be afraid of the New York street talk I switch gear all day bro, like you do on your peach porch The chairs is suede, the walls is velvet Marquise ballroom, so live I felt it Fat asses in fishnets, shakin they pelvis Playin with they pussy, middle finger drippin, I smelt it Poker tables, crap joints just for rap niggaz Me and Sheek, walkin around bitch-slappin niggaz There go Rae, there go P Yo Chop whattup! Whattup? [Raekwon] Sam Cooke writin hand, all of my lightning, damn Used to rob niggaz in Sam's, buy shams for my dude's baby shoe or booster baby, rollin with steel Eatin Jamaican food under the wheel You know the deal, book somethin then blow When from a O to a low, little apartment in Brookdale Gold was my motto, lotto numbers is what? Had it in me, rolled down coolin with coke That's the 90's, Chef era take over America Bag Ugly Betty up, make her Ms. Guerrera Pinky wench in sweaters, cortex burnin the mic booth Travel right past my heritage Them old school niggaz is me Taught me how to read, get skee'd, everybody missin a ki Yo I do this with a natural movement Catch me by the {?}, scope on me, fuck it I'm losin it [Jadakiss] AH-HAHHHH! Uh, yeah, yo I did it my way, lights off on the highway Greek statues on both sides of the driveway Word to the stamps on the diesel The way these niggaz is lookin either they got cramps or they evil One go we all go, D-boy fresh but hard dough Cashmere and suede cargoes On top of the beige Wallo's 45 government edition clippers, straight hollows My +Clientele+ is +Supreme+ and it's proven that I'm +Only Built 4 the Link+ if it's +Cuban+ I'm a pioneer, I'm not a vet (uh-uh) "Last Kiss" is a French one, it's not a peck (uh-uh) Movin powder, piff and a lot of wet You're gonna die, that's a promise, not a threat Yeah, but I ain't with the chatterin Cause I'd just rather splatter them This is a Cartel gatherin, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Sheek Louch, S.I. Album: The Last Kiss Song: Come and Get Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Sheek Louch] Geah, make a move y'all Which part you wan' lose? The clip is loaded, the quatro is on cruise I'm back to work bitch, the clock off snooze I'm tougher than leather nigga I cannot bruise Who wanna try a nigga? Hard to the God, come and butterfly a nigga (hold that!) Ooze on out (uh-huh) Weeks later bitch go and throw your shoes on out I'm that shit that great Mario Puzo 'bout Clear this out, blood on the hopscotch floor Shells in the sandbox; niggaz with big glocks Late night, movin that junk, like Redd Foxx Now, you don't want nothin about me (nah) You pussy, nigga come fuck with the alkie Weed smokin, keep the cancer piece on it (yeah!) Call hoes, get pussy whenever I want it (c'mere bitch) Mack daddy (no) pimp daddy (no) Hammer cocked (yeah) let that, go I ain't heard shit in a long long time To even fuck around with either one of my rhymes (Sheek Louch!) Niggaz still livin off the petty-ass crimes The Hossa{?} hater, Lacoste gator Levi's, hundred to the Mr. Chow waiter Whattup street niggaz? Hold heat niggaz FUCK sweet niggaz, you'll get beat niggaz (yeah!) [Chorus: S.I.] Now who out there wanna fuck around with me? You can come and get a fresh buck-50 We got guns, money, liquor, drugs We right here until they come get me (I'm talkin 'bout murder) Now who out there wanna fuck around with me? You can come and get a fresh buck-50 We got guns, money, liquor, drugs We right here until they come get me [Jadakiss] C'mon, yeah, ah-HAH! Nobody, c'mon Yeah, c'mon, yeah, c'mon, yeah, yeah, uhh, yo Yo listen here, you ain't dead if your heart ain't stop Twin 40's, you ain't gotta ask "Are they cocked?" I'm so sharp I could come through and scar they block Late night, red linin in an R.A. drop And I'm only tuckin them until I shoot ya When I pull 'em out that's when I'm fuckin with your future You gon' realize this is nothin that you're used to Get your life tooken by a booster, then we gon' hang the noose up It's all over with (yeah) All they found was his Louis scarf with his DNA all over it (mm) Who's choosin and pickin them (who?) Cause I'm sick of them, not followin the curriculum (yeah) It's my shit and I'm evictin them (get out) Whoever feel like they ain't gotta leave, I'm rippin them Even though the love's frail the thug's real All you gotta do is just follow the blood trail Much harder fightin when the battle is uphill Whatever the knife can't handle the slug will Keep a good lawyer that's smart work on cases Still gotta run from the NARCs, they gon' chase us (run) In case I gotta put some artwork on faces If we leave the game for God they gon' +Mase+ us My suggestion, is that you don't even test son Unless you wanna catch a fresh one [Outro: Sheek Louch] Yeah, yeah, yeah! Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Ne-Yo Album: The Last Kiss Song: By My Side Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Ne-Yo] Right by my side [Jadakiss] HA-HAH!!!!!!!!!!! UH HUH! B. Hudson, Jadakiss, Ne-Yo I think it's me and you tonight ma You see every good woman needs a thug, you see every good woman needs a thug [Verse One: Jadakiss] Go baby, you so wavy And I ain't never felt this way 'bout no lady Considerin goin half with you on yo' baby Somethin about you, makin me go crazy Know if I ain't soured up, I'm so hazy Me and you on the same page, so amazin Need your love girl, so many ways And you could only hold in out for so many days  And, got enough points to score but you shavin Hell yeah I'm anxious, but you cravin Time keep flyin, I'ma keep tryin Bottom line, I need your L-O-V-I-N Come on!!! [Chorus: Ne-Yo] Yeah I made no mistake, right by my side Lil' mama that's your place, keep holdin me down And you can help me spend this cake, right by my side Ride with me, all I need is you right by my side [Verse Two: Jadakiss] He such a small fella, to recognize the Mason Martin Margiela What could I tell her Man I swear you got to see her to believe her Then maybe you could understand why I need her Besides her bein a diva she wasn't bothered by the chiba Zodiac sign was a libra Definetly a keeper, I just wanna put her in a sleeper then fall out underneath her Wake up, take a shower, then get deeper Juice up get some power and then freak her After the feedback then I could G Mack But it's somethin about her love makin me need that, come on! [Chorus: Ne-Yo] Yeah I made no mistake, right by my side Lil' mama that's your place, keep holdin me down And you can help me spend this cake, right by my side Ride with me, all I need is you right by my side [Bridge: Ne-Yo] When the drama comes my way (Way) Long as I GOT YOU, girl it's nothing Baby, it's nothing - I'm good When these streets, girl, come what may (what may) Shorty, we do what WE DO, so it's nothing Baby girl, your love is something I need [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo, they say every good woman needs a thug I totally agree, that's why I need your love (yep) And I can't help it, if I'm selfish Cause I need your love and nobody else's Startin to taste it, pardon the bracelet (padon) Chance of a lifetime and I can't waste it If bein beautiful was a test, should've aced it Her skin is flawless, her hair is wavelengths Hi I'm Jason, ma I'm patient-ly waitin for us to have relations Kissin me is just history in the makin Squeezin and huggin I need your lovin, come on!!! [Chorus: Ne-Yo] Yeah I made no mistake, right by my side Lil' mama that's your place, keep holdin me down And you can help me spend this cake, right by my side Ride with me, all I need is you right by my side [Outro: Jadakiss] Bounce! Bounce! I think we got one what you think? Bounce! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Faith Evans Album: The Last Kiss/Notorious Soundtrack Song: Letter to B.I.G. Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Jadakiss] Uh huh! I ain't even good with writin I don't even write shit I just felt, I had to write this letter to BIG Niggas is actin like..................letter to BIG Uh, yo [Verse One: Jadakiss] Dear Christopher Frank White Wallace Yeah it's your boy Kiss I just wanna holla In your memory I keep the Coogi in my closet Kangol on the rack, a fresh pair of Wallies You know I'm still the liquor and the weed child And still got Branson on speed dial And everybody's the king now You ain't gotta be nice gettin shot is the thing now Mafia was doin there best they seperated Now Roc and Gutta doin a stretch, uh, yeah Kim is still in it to win it  I seen Money L awhile ago but I ain't heard from Cease in a minute People in power is queer I could go on for a year 'bout how it would be if you were still here The game got cheaper, rappers is more commercially successful now But the heart's alot weaker You know me still got the flow that'll pop speakers First option on offense the top feature It's easy BIG all you need is a protool set And I ain't touch the paper that I was supposed to yet Everybody that's somebody show respect Only a matter of time before they notice that I'm an impecable lyricist And with the right mechanics, I could take over be clear of this They well aware of Kiss the light of the city And I ain't on the label no more but I'm tighter with Diddy I got my own plan handle mine like a grown man Long as I know I'm nice, fuck it I'm my own fan Remixed the joints you had  But, they could never ever duplicate your swag (Never) Meanwhile I'm a keep it so on my lil' plans And you might bump into a few of my lil' mans Up there steppin with God Down here Mister Cee in BK still reppin you hard Tianna so pretty, CJ turned into a Lil' Biggie Just a little lighter but so witty On your born day, we get the highest Groovy still the best with the garments, he keep me the flyest Tonight, Patron is dead Only right that I take a bottle of Bacardi Limón to the head And before I end it, I gotta say thanks 'Cause not only was your time well-spent, it was splendid (thanks) ...Miss you, my nigga One Love (So we tried to hard to understand) [Chorus: Faith Evans] (Jadakiss) So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away (That was my letter to B.I.G., nahmean?) You were everything - you were everything (I felt it was only right, I really smoked with them niggas) [Bridge: Faith Evans] (Jadakiss) So we'll just keep our heads to the sky (Drink wit 'em) (Sat wit 'em, talked wit 'em) 'Cause we know we're gonna see you in the next lifetime (Real shit) But it's never easy saying good-byyyyye (See you when I get there, Biggie) Saying - good-byyyyyyyyyyye (Love you) [Chorus: Faith Evans] So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away You were everything (Why you had to go awaaaaaay?) So we tried to hard to understand, why you had to go away You were everything (Oooo-hooo-oooo-hooo-oooo-hoooo...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ AP, Blood Raw, Boo Rossini, Bully, Fiend, Snyp Life, Young Jeezy Album: The Last Kiss Song: Something Else (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jadakiss] + (Fiend) (Uhh) Definitely what they been waitin for (you already KNOW, yeah) At least a certain percentage of the world (uh-huh) Anyway (hahahaha) Can I talk my shit? (talk that shit) Sure I can (talk that shit, talk that shit) Cause ain't nobody gon' do nothin about it anyway... a-ha-HAHHHH! (Talk that shit, talk that shit, Jada talk that SHIT, ohh!) You could tell the way I stack my money (I'm somethin else!) Nah, I ain't one of them dummies (I'm somethin else!) Tre's, nick's, dimes and twenties (I'm somethin else!) The way I get it in with the honeys (I'm somethin else!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo, you know I love to style on ya, blue 40-caliber Butterfly doors on the triple black challenger And I'm still in and out, got it so I'm spendin out Dope boy, so I never have a problem in a drought Don't take, too much work if you can't manage that Just in case you run out of empties, use sandwich bags Play with the hand you was dealt That's why I ride the track 'til it melt I could care less how you feel, how you felt I done spent niggaz rent money on belts Threesomes in the trunk, I'm fuckin for the wealth And the hood ask about me, I'm somethin else [Chorus: Jadakiss] + (Fiend) You could tell the way I stack my money (I'm somethin else!) Nah, I ain't one of them dummies (I'm somethin else!) Tre's, nick's, dimes and twenties (I'm somethin else!) The way I get it in with the honeys (I'm somethin else!) Still representin the block (I'm somethin else!) And you ain't got to tell me I'm hot (I'm somethin else!) I'm exactly what they not (I'm somethin else!) Hahh (I'm somethin else!) AH-HAHHH! (I'm somethin else!) [Young Jeezy – over Chorus] C.T.E. nigga... yeah! Yeah! Let's go [Verse Two: Young Jeezy] I ain't even did nothin, feelin like I'm traffickin See these blood diamonds, sir, my chain African Speakin of my chain, yeah it need to get a job Get the fuck up off my neck, Senator Barack Whatever that you do, look, don't get caught That stash get low, ya ass might get bought Okay I'm over it, let's talk about somethin else I said I'm over it, I think I bought somethin else That's why I live e'ry day (day) like a thug holiday +Suffocate+ a nigga about mines - J. Holiday Quick to make a movie 'bout my Doc Holiday It's why I'm strapped 365, even holidays, yeah! [Verse Three: AP] Yeah... I'm somethin else with myself they say WWF, push that featherweight Big boy toys, of course the shoe's right See the 22's reflect from the moonlight? Barry White, or Walter Cronkite? Couple cold words when you talk 'bout birds You ain't talkin 'bout green, you ain't talkin 'bout me {*phone rings*} Hold up, this your bitch on my caller ID [Verse Four: Blood Raw] You could tell I'm somethin else, pussy nigga do the math Just look at me nigga; you can't tell I got cash? Got together so fruity, 26 inches (Girl, ain't that Blood Raw?) You can't tell I got bitches? I'm a three summer soul survivor Tell me have you ever met a nigga that's real as the bible? You could tell I'm addicted to paper And if it ain't my clique I'm like Maino, FUCK YOU HATERS! [Verse Five: Boo Rossini] Yo, aiyyo Any situation involvin paper I'm all in Pull up on your block, old school sittin on all rims Still keep them semis on deck in case I'm tested And gotta do a nigga dirty, turn him to a mess quick Chest all hangin out, everybody screamin out I grew up in a house, where damn near e'rybody fiendin So don't ask, why I hold me the pen on my fuckin self If I pop through and you come back I'ma hit you with somethin else [Verse Six: Snyp Life] I'm somethin else the way I come off, bars that make 'em run off Rippin up his back but the strap'll tear your front off Neck slump and run through your boss, he tried to jump off It's D-Block, we treat every town just like it's New York (D-Block!) Cross the whole game like my verses do the track Push the pen like a pack and let it work through the trap (Snyp!) Get your roof cut, ace hit by shooter's that'll spray shit And if it ain't the ruger shit'll melt you and your face split [Verse Seven: Bully] Okay, Bully bitch! Uhh, I'm somethin else, run through niggaz like Phelps D-Block's next generation explains itself (D-Block!) You don't wanna FUCK with Bully the don-dada Name ring bells in the hood, a known shotter You gets nada when it comes to my ricotta Fresh Levi's, black V-necks and Pradas I'm a problem for niggaz if nothin else Control, substitute or police, I'm somethin else The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Lil Wayne Album: The Last Kiss Song: Death Wish Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Death wish, death wish, death wish, death wish Death wish, death wish, death wish [Jadakiss] AH-HAHHHH! Yeah, yo, they must got a death wish Cause they was on the +Road to the Riches+  back in the day, but they got off on the exit Real disrespect shit - whenever a nigga  try to fuck up your investment, it's hard to digest it These young niggaz don't wanna get punched in they faces So they keep the burner on 'em, and catch a bunch of cases These old niggaz still think they livin in the 80's And shorties that they knew since they were babies turned crazy The bitches still holla At anybody lookin like they gettin a couple dollars Could fuck, suck and swallow Ain't nobody winnin, but everybody can't lose The dirt's still there, funeral home ain't move Goin in, comin out gang affiliated You'd rather go back before bein humiliated A black cloud over the hood, you can't escape it Dust smokin niggaz walkin 'round in the +Matrix+ Loyalty is thin, the tension is thick Look at a broke nigga's face, when you mention a brick Stick-up kids come around, when they sense that you rich Candles and lizzle get lit when you get hit with the fifth Niggaz that used to hoop dream is now sellin the piff And they still rattin but you can't tell if you stiff Especially when the tec spit Fuck around get your head, and your neck hit, lookin for a death wish What? [Chorus: Jadakiss] Talkin out your mouth, all reckless To a nigga that you know, that'll let it off, that's a death wish When your heart stops, and your body gets breathless And help don't come in enough time, that's a death wish When you see the blood and realize that your chest is hit And don't know where it came from, that's a death wish When you know a nigga, whole styles on some next shit And you violate 'em, mm-MWAH, that's a death wish [Lil Wayne] Young Money! Ahh, I be on that way left shit Better get right or get left shit Better hit right or get left hit Even if you threw the best pitch Yes bitch it's Weezy-F bitch, I'm the best bitch Motherfuck yo' guest list, I be like, let's just kill him and get breakfast, neck slit Next shit expect this, every time you check this I'm exit, I mean, excited to be yo' death wish Bitch I wear this G shit on my heart, not my necklace And I keep the Heckler for the heck-less And I'm from the Mecca of the Reckless with a record-breakin death list The reckless and neglecters think election won't affect us I'm high above you, above law, above ever rich Niggaz snitchin, put niggaz in a can like a beverage Damn! I pop at your head, fuck up your memories I put a bullet in Nina head and let her reminisce Yeah, if you don't remember shit you gon' remember this I'll knock them niggaz down this year, I'm on my timber shit Big lion growl at you niggaz on that Simba shit I'll be on that "Fuck yo' clique, I'll kill every member" shit Cold as December shit, bang in any weather shit And they could buy yo' bag with body parts sold separate Yeah, that's a bet bitch like Russian Roulette bitch Weezy be the genie in a bottle, here's your death wish The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Busta Rhymes, Young Jeezy Album: The Last Kiss * Song: Respect My Conglomerate (iTunes Bonus Track) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Most people would consider this illegal Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] It's Bus Rhymes!!!! (HUH!) And I'm back With the crack, and the thugs, and the drugs, NIGGA BLACK!!!! (OH!!!!) The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch Blazin that I'm so amazin on the tracks BITCH!!!!!! (BOUNCE ON 'EM!!!!) And I jump, and I skip And I hop, and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!) Watch the way and I'm givin the streets acid Bastards niggas know I'm the king of the classics Drastic measures, I'm spreadin like a rash bitch Class is in session you 'bout to get yo' ass kicked  Emperor, of every roundtable of the house (AND WHEN I SPEAK) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman God rap, God persona, God scrilla (HUH!) God body in the flesh call me GODZILLA!!!!  Now you know you see we be the most prominent Dominant niggas respect my conglomerate (AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!) [Chorus] (Young Jeezy) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Yeaaaaah! I try to tell 'em homie) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Yo Bus', watch my moves yo) [Verse Two: Young Jeezy] I tell 'em, "Hol' up, swoll' up Yee ain't see us rollin up" See them broads froze up, soon do's open up Hey ladies, you likin what ya see? +American Gangster+, my strap's European (YO!!) Came wit a scope, got a Navy feel So I can ambush niggas like the Navy Seals  My defensive line lookin like some linebackers Most six cars, the other hal - CARJACKERRRRS!!! Ballers wit them thangs, yeah we call 'em contractors And if ya in-boys right, then they might contract ya (HA-HAAAAAH!!!) 40 cal lookin sweet on them honeycomb seats Just like Cassie, my Sean John freak Get you what ya want, just not that deep yet thirteen'll split, got them A-Rod seats Two for the Madonna, the A-Rod freak You know I brought the whole, so we A-Rod deep [Chorus] (Jadakiss) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? (Uh-huh) No need to debate..(uh-uh!)...the way we run shit (Yeah) See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate (Eh-HAEH!!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate   (Ha-HAEEEH!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate   (HA-HAEEEH!!) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yeah, uh, yeah, yo.. Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches Dope fiends nauseous, crack spot Race track, horses, big meetings at the Round table, to discuss what the cost is Money, change you, devils, angels We the ones who say what you can and what you cain't do Respect, power, kush, sour Haze, airy, pills, powder Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments Don shit, real niggas who I get it on wit When I'm around, my colleagues ain't comfortable They all got a-sick with my verses for a month or two (Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with The blade first, then the bullet gon' follow it Yeah, if you lucky, I might hollow it D-Block, just respect my conglomerate Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P & DJ Green Lantern f/ Raekwon Album: The Green Ghost Project Song: Time Will Tell Typed by: Cno Evil [Styles P] D-Block! I ain't Cam, but it's muthafucking Killa Season Homey's dying over ignorant nigga reasons Know the home fried, lotta egos Hoodrat bitch that be digging a nigga steelo Hood got kilos, making them niggas evil Never bring guns to the court, when they B-Ball I don't play around with them suckers, I'm a G, ya'll Standing on the tip of the block, I'mma see ya'll Wanna know the price of a verse, I got the fee, ya'll I tell you how much, coming through like the army do Army suits, all big coupes with Armani suits I got the lows on, and the toast on Me, two guns and a knife, form Voltron Oatmeal, PBJ, getting my bulk on Sacrificing most of you rappers, getting my coke on Electrifying all of you niggas, getting my votes on [Chorus: Raekwon] Aiyo, yo, from every palace in the hood To every child that's in the hood, it ain't no deers around here But it's all good, my metal niggas, forever rebel niggas Never ever rebel, just only time telling niggas Wake up 'fore niggas eat you It's only matter of time, when them nines come out to meet you Yo, don't be alone when we roaming, like cell phones, homey Cuz when they hungry, it's another story, run for me [Styles P] I'm back like retro kicks, and I'm saucy Your brain can get left on some pesto shit I need a Pablo Esco' flip, and I'm the Phantom Listean real close, you hear the echos spit I'm a wolf, you run around on some gecko shit Kick in the door of the shit, wasn't left for bent I kill the best now, tell me who the rest gon' get Not a damn one, the handgun, is right on the waist Whether you ugly or you handsome, I'm right in your face You can run, I get excited from the flight of the chase Little chimp, why don't you try to spend a night with the apes I get higher than the flight outerspace, where I'm from I seen alotta niggas die or get indicted for base Get weight, a little cake try to buy them a place Either raw, ain't safes on, firing eight And mine, nigga, I don't fire 'em straight, feel me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*each line echoes*} [Jadakiss] Here we go again You know what it is Real recognize real You've seen a lot of emcees come and go in this game But me, heh I'm STILL here! And I owe it all to you My fans So to show my gratitude AND appreciation I just wanted to let you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Emanny Album: I Love You: A Dedication to My Fans Song: Hold You Down Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jadakiss] I Love You! Muah! EH HEH!  Uh! Yeah! Yo! [Verse One: Jadakiss] Lot of square feet shoppin sprees is the minimal Talk all subliminal in love with a criminal It's all comin back to the pot no chemicals She can get hired on the spot no interviews (WOO!) No carbs just vitamins, minerals Ridin shotgun in the Coupe with the general Yo go hard for the kid so I'm into you (Yeah!) Hold you down, that's what I'm fittin to do [Chorus: Emanny] (*Jadakiss) No girl will ride, like you do for me baby Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down!) Them girls on the side! Ain't got what I need baby! (That's why I) Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down! (*Yeah! EH HEH!) [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yeah! Cash comin rapid and chicks comin after me Here 'cause I wanna be, not because I have to be (Uh Uh!) You the one I wanna be with ma actually (Yep!) I knew you were special 'cause we hit it off naturally Had your guard up at first now you attached to me Got to give you all of me, can't give you half of me You can take your girl we 'gon move carefully The hot bath water (Uh Huh!) The meals you prepare for me When nobody else was, you were always there for me And I love mysel fjust need you to care for me You done more than enough I owe you now (I got you!) So it's only right that I hold you down [Chorus: Emanny] (*Jadakiss) No girl will ride, like you do for me baby (That's why I) Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down! Them girls on the side! (*Hey!) Ain't got what I need baby! (That's why I) Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down! [Bridge: Emanny] (*Jadakiss) I doubt that I, let this one get away (Get away) (*Uh Huh!) She's what I'm wantin (Wantin) And ain't no comparin to you girl (*Nah!) I'll never play, with, you, not with those silly games (*Nah!) No need for lookin (*Uh Huh) 'Cause there be, none, that's, like, you, girl! [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo! Listen I ain't tryin to play with you I'm tryin to stay with you (Uh!) Nah mean, spend forever and a day with you (Yeah!) Never mind them side chicks and they issues (Never mind) That ain't nothin but bad luck that they wish you It ain't about them though It's 'bout the two of us (True!) They can't stand to see us doin us (Uh!) And I told you, this is what I go through But words can't explain this no I gotta hold you..down [Chorus: Emanny] (*Jadakiss) No girl will ride, like you do for me baby (That's why I) Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down! (*I got you!) Them girls on the side! (*Don't sweat that!) Ain't got what I need baby! (*Hey!) (That's why I) Girl, I'll, hold you down! (That's why I) Hold you down! (*I got you!) [Outro: Jadakiss] Trust me! You in good hands! We 'gon be aight! Ha Ha! I love you! MUAH!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Lil Bruh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*samples from N*E*R*D's "God Bless Us All"*} [Intro] I love you so much I even went and got the live band {*"Hold your head lil' bruh"*} HA HA~! {*"You're not dead lil' bruh"*} Uh-uh, nah {*"You are brown in this world that's black and white lil' bruh"*} And you don't stop {*"I know how it sounds lil' bruh"*} ha! {*"But you'll be alright lil' bruh"*} Uhh Yeah, yo [Jadakiss] At times I know life can seem miserable But lil' bruh you gotta lotta more living to do (live) You gotta go get, cause they ain't gon' give it to you (nah) Just watch what you say and watch who you deliver it to (watch) Put somethin away, cause you'll never know when it rains And you can never feel the love without knowin the pain (hey) The bracelet and the pinky ring go with the chain (uh-huh) These the different kind of jewels though that go in your brain (jewels) Pray for your downfall, when you doin your thang If somethin happen while you in charge, then you was to blame (you) The less co-D's the better, stay fly get cheddar Don't expect the V.I. off letter (uh-uh) When you get 'em never let up, when you fall get up (get up) Wipe the tears off, get the blood and the sweat up (SWEAT!) If you don't say nuttin you can't be set up (nah) Always stand tall make sure you hold your head up (hold your head) {*"Hold your head lil' bruh"*} And you don't stop {*"You're not dead lil' bruh"*} Uh-uh... nah {*"You are brown in this world that's black and white lil' bruh"*} And you don't stop {*"I know how it sounds lil' bruh"*} ha HAH!! {*"But you'll be alright lil' bruh"*} Uh-huh Check me out [Jadakiss] Yeah, ain't nobody gon' front you (nobody) There's money out here and you can get it if you want to (get it) Or you can keep sittin around sayin what'chu gon' do (uh-huh) If you don't pay attention it's gon' come back to haunt you Yeah - make saving one of your habits Never keep the razors and plates under the cabinets (never) You can get further in life by using manners (uh-huh) Not only are these cell phones tapped, they usin scanners Never use your own address, use your nana's (nana) And if you ever have to pull it out, use your hammer Yeah - white paper or dutch it Ha~! Automatically clutch it Once you put it away, don't touch it (don't touch it) Let it come to you, don't rush it (don't rush it) Accumulate more than enough shit (yeah) Then you get in the building and crush it [Outro] {*"Forget the latest lil' bruh"*} And you don't stop {*"You're the greatest lil' bruh"*} {*"You were made to amaze and bring change lil' bruh"*} {*"It takes one to no one bruh"*} {*"So here's one to grown on bruh"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: How I Feel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*samples from Al B. Sure's "Nite and Day"*} [Intro] Uh, ayyyy~! Duane DaRock good lookin out baby Ayyy, feel so beautiful This is the appreciation - I love you AH HAHH! {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} uh-huh {*"How I feel about you!"*} Yeah {*"How I feel about you!"*} Uhh, yeah [Jadakiss] You had a dream that the feds got him Woke up went and bought every pair of the red bottoms Yup! Your new beamer is black You ain't on Madison, you at Neiman's and Saks At the gym or the salon, food shoppin wit'cha mom Over one of your girlfriend's house, sippin wine Why risk it, when you could come home to a Don? Leave Potsie alone and come home to the Fonz Gold medal feel so much better than a bronze You don't have to say nothin, I feel your response You can get the ring and the house too Cause that's how I feel about you - hey! {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} {*"How I feel about you! How I feel about you! Yeahhh"*} {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} uh-huh {*"How I feel about you!"*} Yeah {*"How I feel about you!"*} HA HAH~! Uhh, yo [Jadakiss] Slacks with the heels (mm) Air Max, nice pair of sweats and a ponytail just give me the chills Yeah - we got our own special handshake Muah! And she know how I like my pancakes Off white, three piece with the tan snakes 80 large make her ring finger stand straight (ha ha) Now I can have a good time with her (yeah) Chill with me in the spot I used to grind with her Uhh, that's on everything I kill for her Say what'chu want, that's just how I feel for her - hey! {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} {*"How I feel about you! How I feel about you! Yeahhh"*} {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} uh-huh {*"How I feel about you!"*} Yeah {*"How I feel about you!"*} Uhh, yeah, yo [Jadakiss] I gotta play it cool (cool) Mosaic tiles at the bottom of the pool (mm) I got 'em cause of you Washing set, you up under the dryer Winter time cuddled up under the fire (woo~!) Still there after all that I put her through (yeah) Don't smoke but sometimes she take a pull or two Heh, I don't know how I would feel without her Nah, I just know how I feel about her - hey! [Outro: repeat 2X] {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} {*"How I feel about you! How I feel about you! Yeahhh"*} {*"I'm gonna tell how I feel about, you"*} {*"How I feel about you! How I feel about you!"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Teyana Taylor Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Rock Wit Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Teyana Taylor] See me in the club with my bottles up Tell the bartender he ain't got enough See me in the club with them models huh Rock with me now [Jadakiss] I'm a hit 'em hard, J to the *MUAH* No weed on me, left the joints in the car Cardigan Herme skully with the scarf You could just look at him and tell that he a boss Order what you sip on, Louis Vuitton slip-ons If you can't stay in the race you get skipped on over for this smooth shit, time for improvement Elegant wrist wear, Turbian movement Yeah - it's twelve bottles to a table Gamblin wit'cha life, playin lotto wit'cha label You always in the red but they object is to pay you Then you wonder why I'm in the projects with the llello Shrimp's in the music, accordin to how you use it But when you get addicted to somethin, you abuse it Yeah - we gon' drink 'til the sunlight You listen here, I don't do it unless it's done right WHAT~?! [Chorus: Teyana Taylor] + (Jadakiss) See me in the club with my bottles up (you see me) Tell the bartender he ain't got enough (reload me) See me in the club with them models huh (hey lovely, ha) Rock with me now (Right now I'm in my prime) rock with me now (I've always been ahead of my time) so rock with me now (I ain't here to tell you no lies) rock with me now (I'm top five dead or alive) rock with me now [Jadakiss] Yeah - I'm gettin money ain't nuttin new Nah, you should see they face when I'm comin through Hah, bunch of weirdos lookin corny Started off with blue jeans and I took it to Barney's Keep your girl over there if you notice she horny Should have left her in the crib if you know that she on me Bars is Polish Spring, the flow is Dasani Purple label, that's why you ain't notice the phony Ha ha! You see the difference in the stones Forty cal kick back different when it's chrome And now I react a little different cause I'm grown Sour come out when the piff is all gone Stay given them hell, keep heaven with me I seen the game wear the rim out, that's a trip B Comin down 7th in a new 750 And all I do is pray that the feds never get me What~?! [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: In the Streets Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Duane DaRock (I'm in the streets gettin money) Jadakiss! Yeah (I'm in the streets gettin money) uh-huh (I'm in the streets gettin mo-I'm in the streets gettin money) AH-HAH~! [sung] I'm in these streets, hustlin every day (I'm in the streets gettin money) {*3X*} [Jadakiss] Yeah, uh-huh, yeah, yo I'm on the block faithfully Got it so good if I'm late they'll wait for me Momma please pray for me (pray) The devil does things in the worst ways In the ER waiting to hear what the nurse say I done paid more for funerals then birthdays Finish a whole one and a half by Thursday (word) So just imagine what I'm sittin with And I ain't splittin it, I'm out here gettin it [Chorus: sung] I'm in these streets, I can't get away (I'm in the streets gettin money) {*3X*} I'm in these streets, hustlin every day (I'm in the streets gettin money) {*3X*} [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, uh, yeah Organization is smooth and ran with a tight lip Get rid of the work and hold the bread with a tight grip Trust fund baby in a cut with the white chick Was in a choke hold, now it's in a vice grip (okay) And even though my arm still strong with the dices Drug dealer, I don't do jux or heists-es The fame is aight but the game is priceless My heart beatin but I'm still out here lifeless, what? [Jadakiss] Uhh uhh, uh-huh, yeah, yo Start off with a wish if you wanna grant shit I was never a worker, I always ran shit (true) They was doin shells, I did the Stan Smiths My hair used to be nappier than Durant's shit Where they got the work at, and how much the grams is Build it up to a ki', that's what the plan is (ready?) You ain't got no fam, just you and your mans-es Out here taking penitentiary chances, what? [Outro: sung] I'm in these streets, I can't get away I'm in these streets, hustlin every day The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Chryk Show, Styles P Album: I Love You: A Dedication to My Fans Song: Lay Em Down Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jadakiss] Uh Huh! I just want to tell you that I love you Yeah! And I appreciate everything you done for me thus far EH HEH! [Chorus: Chryk Show] (Jadakiss) When they ask we don't play around (Nah!) Know that, roll that, and then we lay 'em down (Yeah!) Niggas hustle on the block with them K's 'round Gettin fast paper keep the chopper just to lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) If you try, give that lame a lullabye Make 'em touch the sky, and if we gotta we lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) Trust me, if I gotta spray the pound I won't hesitate, for one second to lay it down [Verse One: Jadakiss] (Styles P) Yo! Another man down let me see you try to live through 'em (I had the whole town talkin 'bout what I did to 'em) Funny how quick they forget what I did to 'em (Life or death situation I had I split through 'em) Still left the click off (Couple more to pick off) When the drama is lit you can't cut the quick off (Streets taught him well, learned it until it cost him) Precipitated the hate and turned it into a fortune (Never would have tried his hand, but they forced him) So right after they fried his man, then they offed him (Yeah you know the G's) They may stop right below the knees (Four door shit from overseas) Undreboss from the other side (Blame me when you hear that they killed his whole mother's side) Never the money, always for the love of I  (After you put him to bed) I sing him a lullabye MUAH!!!! [Chorus: Chryk Show] (Jadakiss) When they ask we don't play around (Nah!) Know that, roll that, and then we lay 'em down (Yeah!) Niggas hustle on the block with them K's 'round Gettin fast paper keep the chopper just to lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) If you try, give that lame a lullabye Make 'em touch the sky, and if we gotta we lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) Trust me, if I gotta spray the pound I won't hesitate, for one second to lay it down [Verse Two: Jadakiss] (Styles P) Yo! Give that lame a lullabye (Bedtime story) You wouldn't die if dude (Fed time for me) You 'gon fuck around and make the (Headline story) Bitch in the whip lettin it (Redline for me) Buck ninety somethin on the freeway (Sucker free!) Five less than twenty for the bird (Nigga fuck with me!) Three less that six for the P (Get it on the arm!) Organic dope 'cause (You can get it on the farm) (I'm a Godfather) I'm a Don (My bond is my word) Word is my bond (Can't be stopped in the first or the (Fourth quarter) (Work comin in on the docks, now that's a) Boss order (Big diamonds, clear like) Horse water (Payin money to the judge fuck the!) Court order! (Do it Big like) Frank White And The K will put your brains on the floor (Like it ain't right) WHAT! [Chorus: Chryk Show] (Jadakiss) When they ask we don't play around (Nah!) Know that, roll that, and then we lay 'em down (Yeah!) Niggas hustle on the block with them K's 'round Gettin fast paper keep the chopper just to lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) If you try, give that lame a lullabye Make 'em touch the sky, and if we gotta we lay 'em down (Lay 'em down) Trust me, if I gotta spray the pound I won't hesitate, for one second to lay it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Toast (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jadakiss] {*tapping on his glass*} A-hem I'd like to say a few words {*coughing*} Excuse me I thank all y'all for comin out tonight We all gathered here at this table, to celebrate the brothers we lost in the struggle Those that fell victim to the street All our loved ones behind the wall And most of all to the new up and coming cats Paying homage, to those that paved the way Let's toast to that, CHEERS~! {*glasses clink*} AH-HAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Fred the Godson Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Toast to That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Jadakiss, Fred the Godson Nigga, new wave So let's toast to that! (Gangsta celebration) So let's toast to that! (A gangsta celebration) Let's toast to that! [Fred the Godson] Toast to the street life, this is how we eat right? Strip harsh, Chris Bosch, gotta keep the Heat tight Toast to the connect, cheers to the cheap price Toast to those too foul avoidin the three strikes New Range, the cash we took I threw shoes on the sport it got atheletes foot The God flash the gems, I nicknamed your girl Kim Cause every time the car dash, she in Yeah I used to scrape the plate, Brillo Had the head swingin back and forth, +Willow+ Cops tried to ban me from the court, below Reilly still with his girl but he knows She aint a dime, I can see that cellulite shit Those are just dimes, I can see they sell you like shit Fred the God, Jadakiss, what's close to that? Now let's toast to that, cheers y'all~! [Chorus: Fred the Godson] + (Jadakiss) {So let's toast to that!} Uhh, just bring the bottles to me If you got it from the streets you probably got it from me {So let's toast to that!} (The streets took some of my closest friends) (This ain't for y'all, this a toast to them) {So let's toast to that!} {A gangsta celebration} {So let's toast to that!} {A gangsta celebration} {Let's toast to that!} [Jadakiss] Uh-huh... uh-oh Still squeezin the juice out of the headphones Ha HAH~! Uhh, yeah, yo Put your bottles in the air and make noise with 'em Send your girls to the rear and let my boys hit 'em 50 large, all 100's, Chip Ahoys with 'em (cash) Full length minks on, all the toys with 'em For those not here, for those still employed with 'em We celebratin the times we enjoyed with 'em In a way a part of me was destroyed with 'em Try talkin to the Lord, I get annoyed with 'em Fiends take a hit and feel like Floyd hit 'em (Mayweather) It was never beef, everything was soy with him Ex-rhythm hunter, used to enjoy rhythm As the years went by, he learned more wisdom (uh) Always kept cigars and burned moralism We all die, the object is to avoid prison Yeah, if you ain't payin respect then you supposed to Cause that's really somethin to toast to [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, HA HAH~! Uhh, yeah, yo Watch who you around if you in between the streets And may all your ups and downs be in between the sheets (cheers) There's only two choices, the powder or the hard son Jada the forefather, and Fred the Godson [Fred the Godson] Jadakiss tap five, Fred is the future And it's about to get ugly, Medusa Life's still a bitch, when I spit I seduce her Toast from the boss to the shooters [Chorus] - Jadakiss and Fred switch lines [Chorus] - back to normal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Rick Ross, Trae Tha Truth Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Inkredible Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Rick Ross] Trae I see you! Rose' (In-Inkredible..) You know what it is (Maybach Music) My attitude is fuck it, house big as Publix Shoppin is a pleasure, pinky ring a nugget Niggaz like the ride, sip lean out the bucket I lean to the side, white whip, Michael Douglas Hard times, call for drastic measures I call my dog, he bought a mac 11 Forty rounds hollerin WHERE THE YELLOW AT Nigga dead serious, chopper with a shoulder strap Microphone Michael Corleone, I know I'm wrong The man up above love for me to sing them poems So sing along, you know the song I sing Bring them things along, I gotta feed the team It's ROSE'~! I need hundred bottles Yellow bitches, all of 'em swallow H-Town, nigga three-oh-five I can move them packs, each and every night [Trae Tha Truth] Uhh, gyeah... Triple black pan the mirror Phantom of the streets Quarterbackin bricks on top of these glass cleats All these stones around my neck and wrist part of the streets Used to temper somethin in danger, now it's part of my seats I'm in the hood under surveillance buncha haters watchin Couple choppers out for dinner, failin ain't a option Reclinable seats, invisible ceilings Competition is murder, haters I'm killin Fuck a money machine, I don't count it I blow it Bitch my money conceited, it look good when I throw it I'm a asshole, therefore my temper is reckless I'm the city of Houston, you can tell them it's Texas The king of the streets, somewhere deep with guerillas Behind somethin that's tinted, bitch you see the gorillas These other niggaz yellin Truth, they only imitation And when I see them it's fuck 'em minus the penetration [Jadakiss] Uh-huh... ah-hah~! Yeah, uhh I'm gettin situated, I know you bitches hate it I'm in a new Aston, the one Swiss created I can't give you a dime, but I can get you faded Before you become a member you get initiated (uh-huh) A lot of racks, big ice, heavy weapon The hood still love me cause I never left them (uh-uh) I distribute it (yeah) I get rid of it (yup) It's all comin back (uhh) every bit of it I'm territorial, it's your memorial (yeap) And don't feel bad, I'm talkin to all of you This is real shit, and that's nonsense (uh-huh) I got AK's (what?) I got Thompsons I got investors (yeah) I get sponsors (uh) They scared of the crew (scared) I'm with monsters (what?) And ain't nothin forsure but we touchin the raw (uh) And they gotta let us in or we rushin the door The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) The Mixtape Song: Gone Too Long Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*29 second phone skit to open*} [Chorus pt. 1: sung] It's been too long, and I can't do this baby Said you're comin home, but you've been gone too long It's been too much, of the same thing baby I can't take no more, you've been gone too long [Chorus pt. 2: Jadakiss talks over pt. 1] Uh-huh, nah I'm comin, I'm sorry I know, I know.. you right Uh-uh! [Jadakiss] I started off askin you to pray for me now I'm on the phone beggin you to wait for me I've completed a lot of programs So when I see the board now they should have a date for me I hear it in your voice that you gettin tired When I ask do you love me you gettin quiet (love me?) One day at a time I'm just gettin by it When the meter runs out time get expired [Chorus pt. 1 + pt. 2] [Jadakiss] Oh~! Yo this jail shit is corny, really startin to bore me And you gettin fed up, and on top of that you horny I knew that it would happen, cause you couldn't assure me Dealt with a nigga that did time way before me You ain't look happy to see me, when you saw me You don't even write me back, you just ignore me You don't even answer the jack, you just record me Guess I been gone too long, you can't support me [Chorus pt. 1 + pt. 2] [Jadakiss] In the penitentiary my name ring When I come home it's the same thing Guess you gotta take what the game brings Niggaz change but a lot will remain wing Thinkin about it while I sit here Besides life ain't shit fair (nothin) I ain't heard from her this year Guess I'll try to make it better when I get there [Chorus pt. 1 + pt. 2] [sung] See I've been holdin you down for a minute And its been like forever since we did it And the nights have been hell without you baby And everyday I feel like I'm goin crazy Cause you told me that this would be the last time But you said the same thing last time And I promised myself that I'm through cryin So guess I'ma have to, kiss you goodbye [Chorus pt. 1 + pt. 2] {*25 second phone skit to close*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Avery Storm Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: How I Fly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This is how I fly [Styles P] Bubonic'd up, sauerkraut You know what'll light the way when the power's out (You know) Mary Jane, old Mary Jane need to change her hair color, got a brand new name I love it when you gain them pounds Cause my attitude sucks when you ain't came 'round They can judge, but they don't blow But +It's Something About Mary+ that they don't know (They don't know) Got me open like Ben Stiller Lookin for my lighter cause my friend got killer Handin him a Dutch roll a ten my nilla Know what I do with all of my scrilla [Chorus 2X: Avery Storm] This is how I fly - tryin to get loose so I light a light Tryin to get right so ignite the lighter I'ma be cool word to final flight It's alright once you light that lighter [Styles P] Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Couple stacks, a few big heads for the P The whole Blood nation ain't redder than me (red~!) One Visine every night I seen Watch the +Tropic Thunder+, +Me, Myself & Irene+ Smoke the Chapelle, light up the Mike Epps (light!) Any given time, QB on deck (any given) All the hippies like "Ditto" +Jungle Fever+ how I creep with white widow Real hustler, tryin to get bucks Real stoner, tryin to get stuck I smoked the winners, of the Cannabis Cup [Styles P] We flyin airy! Real high!! (This is how I fly) You ever seen a cloud inside? You could be deaf and know it's loud inside No E pill, no formaldehyde I ain't knockin you but this is how I fly I don't need a airline to find my flight All I need is my lighter and now I'm right (I'm RIGHT!) Spark up the fire, the timing's right Ghost and Avery Storm, wow we fly [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Lloyd Banks Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: We Don't Play Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Do the same thing, get the same results You creepin like Batman, stronger than The Hulk Runnin to the bank teller, dump it for the vault On my +Town+ shit, Ben Affleck, whole nigga cause most men just half-step, I ride hard Motherfucker and I ain't crash yet - you don't know Or you do know, I'm like Mario Puzo with Cujo - you don't get it? I'm a prolific animal, every verse flammable Weird like Murdoch, thinkin like Hannibal Man like Face but I'm wild like B.A. Bullet to your head when you talkin to the D.A. Talkin to the judge, and I be in the cab Cause I think the car bugged, I don't play with hard luck Killin your homeboy, now you call it hard love Treat you like a blunt how I'm gettin you sparked up [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] Nigga we don't play~! We handle problems the worst way We'll get you shot stabbed robbed on your birthday Nigga you ain't got no business 'round here in the first place Look at everybody chillin - well fuck that! I'ma play the villain - fuck that! I'm here to make a killin All money's good money, weed and liquor stealin Small money, tall money, nigga we want it all Left hand on the wheel, other hand on the drawer [Lloyd Banks] Nino icepick through your writing hand Heart like a rock, hard to drop like Spider-Man Park your pretty cars up, hop inside the rider van Punctuate your lung for a couple hundred dollar stand Drive of a street lord, knowledge of a college man Almighty dollars get you dead, make your momma plan Nuttin like the sound of dough, I'ma make the commas dance Numbers jump high numb and drunk in my drama stance The no fly zone, you don't get a city chance Show up at your show, make you hoes piss your skinny pants I'm with Sammy so my haters can't stand me or jam me I'm runnin niggaz over like Brandy Motherfuck a Grammy, give me weed and eye candy Coca-Cola daughter, pussy from a very nice family Won't last steppin in the street without the swammy From Southside to Y.O., niggaz die daily [Styles P] I'm hard and the problem like algebra Only use the gun if it's a high enough caliber You ain't a +Dodge+ car then you ain't no +Challenger+ Play wit'cha life nigga but you ain't no gambler Die any day of the week, go get a calendar Harder than Russian roulette, nigga fuck a Gilette I take a gun and put a +Buck+ to your neck or +50+ to your grill, bring the blicky to the hill These young niggaz is buggin, tipsy off the pills I bring the fire like a motherfuckin Bic lighter Paper shredder eraser to any sick writer Ghost is Apocalypse, holdin your esophagus Runnin through the shit like a motherfuckin rhinoceros Nasty like a hippo is, show you what a sicko is Barrel to your girl clit, bitch is you ticklish? You gon' fuck around and get, burned like syphilis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Rell Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: I'm a Gee Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Most of us came from a broken home Drownin in my sorrows, drinkin liquor, tryin to smoke alone Argue with my wife so I broke my phone Throw it on the wall, tryin to ball, but they playin zone Connect is actin funny with the work Like my money didn't work, they gon' end up gettin merked The label actin funny with the deal like the shit that I be spittin on the record wasn't real Hood mad but they know a nigga ride But the hate and jealousy can blow a nigga high The other day I said I know a nigga fucked When I played the bodega, it was two dollars for the Dutch To keep it real, we livin in real time And I feel a nigga's pain but they never can feel mine And so I'm on the go with the green light I don't even sleep, how the fuck could I dream right? [Chorus: Rell] Yayyyy-yeahhh-yeahh; they keep tellin me things gettin better Yayyyy-yeahhh-yeahh; but I'ma do me, you can say whatever I'm a G [Styles P] Ghost, never on the swag shit Guess it's a sad thing my tarot card is magic I remember I ain't never have shit December was cold but, February was drastic~! So pardon my niggaz and what they traffic or if they seem cold when the murder scene's tragic Niggaz can talk shit, we don't even glimpse Niggaz can get hit, we don't even wince Come with an +Entourage+ and I don't mean Vince Purple ape in a purple Porsche, of course I'm playin Prince or lookin through the sky light, my light And I zip my lips the minute they read my rights Blowin on a long Dutch, inhale How I lie I'd rather die than be in jail It's all good 'til it's all bad And the ugly niggaz gon' crash your broad's pad [Styles P] I keep it movin in my new J.O.'s On them blocks, where them young boys move llello They salute like "Whattup O.G.?" I salute cause it's the +Wild Wild West+ like Kool Moe Dee What they do for a two-door B, and a nice watch Blow your brains out when the cocaine price drop Like yeah I know my man got life ock The game don't stop so pull the weed out your night sock Yeah! It's like that ain't it? My down South niggaz that got the Lex painted My East coast niggaz that got the Benz kitted Don't it hurt when they snitch and you found out your friends did it? I thought it's money over bitches but niggaz throw money at bitches so let's kick it If you really live by the G code Shoot a couple of guns, hurry up and reload The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Ryde On Da Regular Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus 2X: Styles P] Every day I ride on the regular You just regular, probably smokin the regular Yeah you the prey, I'm the predator Yeah you the movie, I'm the editor [Styles P] Now tell me what'chu know about the zone You go to jail when your man is comin home Try to get Grants but the plan was all wrong Wait for the time but the sand is all gone What's the regiment? Smoke weed, get the Benjamins Hit the spot for cocaine measurin Got a Desert Eagle, need a city eagle Tryin to tell my niggaz the whole city evil And all I know is murderers and gritty people But it is what it is And do what it do, I ain't gettin money my nigga I keep it movin cause it ain't good biz Half a mill' to a mill', that make you hood rich If you dope as a dime, I can get you a good brick You don't understand when I'm talkin this hood shit Then turn the volume down and on to the next Got your girl on Patron then she's off to the X Got the Lex from the Japanese triad connect Iraq, Iran, guns on deck In the hands of the shooters if the funds ain't correct Yeah, now what you know about the street life? You could lose your life any night you don't creep right Hoodie up with the mask down School of hard knocks, the Ghost never was the class clown [Styles P] Now tell me what you know about the hood You doin bad but you plannin to do good You wanted platinum but they'll put you in the wood You wanna ride and switch sides if you could What's the schedule? Hit the streets stay credible Everybody food seems edible Got the trey pound, got the four pound Ride around town playin 'Pac then it's Dogg Pound Keep a big joint, or a long sword I'm tryin to win and fuck the points on the scoreboard Homey this the game of death No Bruce Lee, I don't use the pen or the looseleaf All I need is the Dutchy, if not two sheets of bamboo Handle, you like the bars on the bike And you don't want a scar for your life This is the Ghost, I earned my stars and my stripes Nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Aja Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Keep the Faith Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What can I say? It's so real I don't even feel like talkin most of the time It's ironic that I happen to emcee Then I don't really wanna say shit Kinda funny though Huh [Styles P] I always feel the ghost-es amongst me I remember times when the roaches was hungry The livin was grungy, if it's money I bungee until the cord breaks Thinkin that I might be the one that's in the Lord's way Am I the bad that's provokin the good We all ride, all live and we smokin the good But my nigga on the reel to reel We move stock, 'til we not for gettin killed for bills And it's all about the chills and thrills, and the good times It's like the mob nigga, in it 'til the hood dies Addicted to the concretes, addicted to the crates If we don't get a connect, we stickin up a wake What'chu know about a wake, with the bishop bein late? All my jail niggaz standin up, fists up to the gate Faggot-ass C.O.'s get the piss up in they face Hold a grudge cause the judge never listened to the case [Chorus: Aja] Even though you feel like, cryin Just keep on smilin Believin that, there is gonna be somethin better past the pain And even though it hurts, like hell You, just keep on feeling Don't stop moving It's all worth it in the end - you just keep the faith [Styles P] You can see it but you just can't vision it Society judge a man for the way, that he live in it Either you gettin money or deal with imprisonment No in betweens - I'm gettin green Spots in the world where, they don't know what dinner mean It's really not that crazy in the paint Hear 'Clef in the club, have Haiti on the brain Surrounded by liquor drinkers, niggaz makin it rain And the world's always changin but we still need change Life's a bitch, is death like a good woman? I ask that, cause I know the whole hood comin And the fam comin, and do heaven got a ocean or a dam runnin tryin to understand somethin Flowin like a feather in the wind It start off rough, do it get better at the end? Do I go to a place, where I don't never have to sin? Yeah~! [Styles P] I'm wicked in my ways cause my temperament Ride for my crew and fuck, everybody's sentiment You enter in the dragon or "The Gangster and the Gentleman" Saliva, is like poison, with adrenaline I spread love to the point I hit the hay line Fuck jail and state time but you ain't gon' take mines It sucks when you livin on gun terms Rather be high on the island gettin sunburned Live 'til I'm old know what my daughter and my son learned Life is all real my nigga, you get one turn I'm tryin to tell these boys that they oughta learn It ain't just fire my nigga - even water burn [Aja] Faith makes all things possible Faith is the reality of, things I hope for And the evidence of things not seen and told Keep the faith y'all, just keep the faith y'all {*Aja ad libs to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Children Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Deez lil' niggaz is crazy This is our future? It's about the children man Damn~! Aiyyo P (I pray to God for the kids man) No doubt man, f'real (wherever they at) Real talk (it's real out here) C'mon! [Styles P] (Children) in the hood seem to die at a young age Wakes and funerals'll make it feel like a Sunday All they talk about, is money and gunplay Only light they gettin is the one from the sun rays (Children) no light bulb bright idea Shame when "kill that nigga" is the right idea Like a nigga lose his life, every night out here Kinda hot, but they talk about ice out here (Children) - is all some ill shit 12 to 19 all ready to kill shit All of 'em is numb, don't none of 'em feel shit It's just like a war zone, that's on some real shit (Children) Homey, this is O.G. talk Blow O.G. kush, for O.G. cough {*coughing*} In the low-key V, shakin police off Don't engage wit'cha enemy, you know he soft - whattup? (Children) is all missing the roof over 'em Lil' niggaz is hard, they don't know how to school 'em They know how a sucka or a herb or a fool look Know how a crack pack dope or the tool look (Children) Yeah, the shit is real out here Swear blood is like oil how it spill out here If you ain't from out here then don't chill out here The 9 mill', might pop your grill out here, yeah [Chorus: Pharoahe Monch - singing] Some days I might thank, God I don't have no (children) To struggle this hard and it's a hassle (children) Gotta teach 'em how to survive and win (children) The whole future of the world depends on (children) So I talk wise and speak clearly (children) But still sometimes they don't hear me (children) But when I open my heart I catch feelings (children) Cause the kids need hope, they need healing (children) THE CHILDREN [Styles P] (Children) and the birds play video games Imitate whack rappers and the video dames PlayStation, X-Box, laptop, desktop (dang) I be askin myself, when will the mess stop? (Children) Snotty lil' niggaz is too rude All I know is cooler than YouTube, it's makin it easy With nothin realistic you can see on the TV (NOTHIN) But they call this reality show (yeah?) (Children) It's time to, make um grasses grow They'll - make 'em lazy, it's so crazy Me I stay hazy, always keep a Dutch steamed Cause they even't makin no buttons, it's just a touch screen (Children) And they don't talk, they text L-O-L, W-T-F And I be like damn what the fuck is next? Cause Mr. Illuminati seem to cut them checks, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Sheek Louch Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Street Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Sheek Louch] Where my hood at? Where them red and blue flags, where that good at? Somebody tell them hood rats to come up front And let the club know I'ma smoke my blunt [Styles P] (Ghost~!) Money green, weed green, hood black, heart black And never let 'em see where you live, where you park at Never let 'em know how you get it just squash that Never let the beef ride long, go squash that You can shoot it out, or go and peace it up If we was in jail I would make you give your sneakers up Cause I'm a loyalist, and I spray shit The 44 make niggaz look like crawfish Cause you seafood, so go on sleep with 'em I don't trust no niggaz, I don't eat with 'em Matter fact, I'ma keep it street with 'em I don't like his style, I don't even speak with him I keep it G from the get-go Real go-getter, and I let my shit blow You don't wanna get your shit broke I got the hawk, you don't wanna get your shit broke [Chorus: Sheek Louch] Where my hood at? Where them red and blue flags, where that good at? Where them vanillas? Where that sticky? Where my right hand man with the blicky? Somebody tell them hood rats to come up front And let the club know I'ma smoke my blunt Bitch!! This ain't Gucci, this ain't Prada This street shit I'm fuckin with them niggaz say "nada" [Sheek Louch] Hey yo it's never gon' be another Shocked the world with the half face gorilla cover Clip on top of each other, now e'rybody wanna listen to the G Funny I'm on the plane watchin "Get Him to the Greek" Twenty thousand when I land just to listen when I speak Bully, he in my will somewhere, he like to eat "I Get High," high like P's song (AYYYYY!) That's why my shades on, used to be in love with Nia Long Donny ain't around now I'll talk 'bout Viet Cong That's means more bitches more haters on my song But I don't go back and forth, me no ping-pong Donny at your door like Avon, DING-DONG~! Yeah, me and my E hawk Pop them things off on your block then later we pop klikko Hah! Amazing ain't it? If you can paint a bigger picture, well go 'head and pain it Geyeah [Styles P] Geyeah, bang like them white boys in mosh pits Hach-too spit on your favorite rapper, he's not shit ... My catalogue is colossus Blunt for the prelude, one for the process Perform with a swarm of fully loaded objects Make it clearer than Podus ring I'm reachin for my phone cause I hear it before it ring I'm reachin for my gun cause I hear it before it ring ... In the hood, I'm a muse Phantom that's verbal, demolition in the booth Slicker than the oil that you get at the masseuse Chrome thing with the conehead in the goose Addin in the Coupe, subtractin what I shoot Get in with a axe and some matches and a noose You have no idea, on the havoc I produce 'til it's way too late, the brain matter's on your shoes [Outro: Sheek] Geyeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Feelings Gone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] "Cause the feeling, is gone!!" (Ghost) "And I must, get it back" {Statik Selektah} [Styles P] Trust me, nothing prepares us They never say gettin money slows your prayers up We already in Hell~! Nothin can scare us We already fly how nothin can air us Came from the underground so I stay grounded, astounded by all the bullshit that I founded A wise man can lose juice soon as he gain jewels Life get real and you think of the pains you grew You different, you makin a change, you let your man tell it Blowin chronic, am I demonic or angelic? No vanilla Dutch, fuck it, get a {?} tell it Roll a one sheet, think about my rap sheet Sellin crack'll have you runnin like a track meet Watchin your back on every other back street I started so young, why you think I'm so numb You can't feel shit and only like real shit [Chorus: Statik Selektah's samples scratched] "You can act stupid if you wanna" "Like you don't know what block I'm front of" "D-Block layin 'em down" "And I ain't never plannin to stop, I'm plannin to rock" "You know my name, you heard my raps" "You know my name, ain't nuttin changed" "S.P. and I done been through it all" "From here on I spit it in rare form" [Styles P] The moon stay quiet but the sun spoke Still can't blow away the pain with the blunt smoke Tryin to give my daughter and my son hope The shit get rough, when you breathin in the gun smoke Do it all for a pile of the cash, funny But I'm rarely known to smile when I laugh (that's all) You can say the pain run deep and I wonder Do the insane or the sane ones speak? And I feel like the devil got chains on me I'm inside but I still feel the rain on me (It's raining) like it's comin through the window or the windshield Life full of sins'll have you spinnin like a windmill Contract with God is signed and it been sealed See you at the crossroads if everything has been real I can feel what you can't And the shit is vice versa so fear what you can't [Styles P] I told you it is what it is Can't choose how to die but I can choose how to live (true) Thought about it just sittin where I live Just another ghetto nigga with a million dollar crib No hope, then I dropped the E and got hoppin Got hip, just so I could get a little guap' (you get it?) Before that, I used to move rock with a 4 to 10 job after school workin stock (word) Then I said "Fuck pickin up a box" So I sold more drugs, started stickin mo' spots That's why I thank God for this rap shit Niggaz be frontin cause we used to livin backwards The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Busta Rhymes, Rick Ross Album: Harsh 12" Song: Harsh Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] You know!!!!  One day I got a call from the Ghost who told me I had to get on this conference call To discuss a little business with him and the homey Rozay Know the situation transpired where a nigga had to get dealt with a little harshly Yeah! [Verse One: Styles P] Root for the villian and shoot with no feelin Like Audio Two yeah the crew is "Top Billin" Blowin the dutch in the coupe with no ceilin Invisible bully like the Gooch when I'm illin Cash too green, it's taped to the toilet Like I'm Michael Corleone in the bathroom scene Young black Vito, chopped and wrapped kilos Clap torpedos, stack, Doritos We in the Mexico sippin the Mojito Discussin perico, green weed and diesel AK, nozzle air holes you can see through Ridin the bulletproof five, yeah, I'm lethal [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Yo! When niggas hear this shit they say it's (HARSH!!!) Type of shit that make you wanna handle a nigga (HARSH!!!) Act hostile, aggressive and kinda (HARSH!!!) And like a Rothchild with money I'm kinda (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE HANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE MANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) STOP BITCHIN YOU THE ONE WHO DONE 'CAUSE ME TO ACT!!! (HARSH!!!) AND IF I'M ITCHIN AND YOU FRONT IT'S MY DUTY TO ACT!!! [Verse Two: Rick Ross] Style is infectious, actress in a Lexus Sunroof open had cheese for breakfast Beef never settled I'm Lyor to the ghetto (HUH!) Russell with the hustle Rick Rubin with the metal When I lick a shot I'm aimin at ya top floor (WOOO!!!!) Blocks like stock everybody bought more (HUH!) Birds fell out the sky, rats could drop dead Flyin through Bed-Stuy, white drop head Sticky green twist, guillotine click (HUH!)  Dapper Dan three piece suit for the trip Link with Dominicanos, straight pesos fritos Three point range hit free throws with kilos [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Yo! When niggas hear this shit they say it's (HARSH!!!) Type of shit that make you wanna handle a nigga (HARSH!!!) Act hostile, aggressive and kinda (HARSH!!!) And like a Rothchild with money I'm kinda (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE HANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE MANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) STOP BITCHIN YOU THE ONE WHO DONE 'CAUSE ME TO ACT!!! (HARSH!!!) AND IF I'M ITCHIN AND YOU FRONT IT'S MY DUTY TO ACT!!! [Verse Three: Styles P] Shine like brightenin sure but I'm the titan Hard like when Customato was trainin Tyson Gun we react in the car but no license Life on top of the city could touch lightenin Cocaine wave, dollar bill slave Rangler is tough but the inside is suede Ride with Louch and 'Kiss until I see a grave One third of a legacy Pedigree is I can make a don a don 'cause of integrity Rap like a phenomenom sleep for a better dream Nine is for better things smoke for medicine BIG is the only rapper I don't think that I'm better than [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Yo! When niggas hear this shit they say it's (HARSH!!!) Type of shit that make you wanna handle a nigga (HARSH!!!) Act hostile, aggressive and kinda (HARSH!!!) And like a Rothchild with money I'm kinda (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE HANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE MANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) STOP BITCHIN YOU THE ONE WHO DONE 'CAUSE ME TO ACT!!! (HARSH!!!) AND IF I'M ITCHIN AND YOU FRONT IT'S MY DUTY TO ACT!!! [Verse Four: Busta Rhymes] Yo! I rub stones together and cast a spell quick Like  Like a Zoe hittin voodoo blessings 'fore I move bricks I beat you like the number eleven with two sticks Money from the door and then when I bop with two chicks (COME ON!!!) It won't stop never stop there he go again (HUH!) Together watch the coke and have the bakin soda sort of blend (HA!) Fredricka kinda pure see how we make the fiends flock And watch the lines for the coke a quickly wrap around the block  They say we bad for business 'cause the coke price dropped How we flooded and we bubble white 'til it's white hot (WHAT!) Pot purchases we chop it up to pieces 'Til only the shake is left countin the profit and a bezel (WOOO!!!!) Eight million dollar yacht, scotch, a little refer Diamonds so big they call it obnoxious little creature (OH!) Money to cop original paintings of Mona Lisa High the way I feel a cloud sittin on my caesar [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Yo! When niggas hear this shit they say it's (HARSH!!!) Type of shit that make you wanna handle a nigga (HARSH!!!) Act hostile, aggressive and kinda (HARSH!!!) And like a Rothchild with money I'm kinda (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE DEALIN WITH 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE HANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) HOW WE MANDLIN 'EM!!! (HARSH!!!) STOP BITCHIN YOU THE ONE WHO DONE 'CAUSE ME TO ACT!!! (HARSH!!!) AND IF I'M ITCHIN AND YOU FRONT IT'S MY DUTY TO ACT!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Jadakiss Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: It's OK Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] But it's ok! (Uh-huh, yeah) (Ha-HAHHHH!) [Chorus 2X: Jadakiss] + (Styles) Niggaz talk shit about us (but it's ok) Game ain't shit without us (but it's ok) You know you can't live without us (but it's ok) But go 'head, you can doubt us (cause it's ok) [Styles] + (Jadakiss) (Uh) Checks get cut after the clearance (What we dealin with is hard work and perseverance) (Still send a nice ransom note to your parents) I'ma ride this bitch 'til it needs some ball bearings Riiiide! (Yeah) Tryin to renovate the West wing of the mansion (I ain't thinkin recession, I'm thinkin expansion) I be in the malls, I don't be in the Hamptons (And I'm playin the wall, but my chain is dancin) More than 200 on the dash (I'ma tear it) You ain't gotta be nice (to pass off appearance) 44 mag is the last thing you hearin (If the work don't make it that's a pass interference) Shots of tequila, shops spendin calm money at the jeweler (Spendin house money at the dealer) Double bag the piff (cause the sour need a sealer) You wanna see a real nigga (I just look into the mirror) [Jadakiss] + (Styles) Uhh, we about dough (never without dough) (Movin with work outta state) in and out flow (Real lyrical, intro to outro) Ralph Lauren table, Ralph Lauren couch yo (Ralph Lauren everything I fit up in the house though) Whattup to them Polo boys who knew Tony couldn't have been Manolo's boy (Yeah, Cartier frames) clear lens though (8 series Beemer) 7 series Benzo (Mobster) I'll probably go to Hell if my friends go, uhh (Never shoot in a blind fury - never!) (Diamonds like Sprite) It's lemon and lime jewelry [Styles] + (Jadakiss) (Uhh) Wreck with the connect (it's ok) (Hope you brought somebody to test it) it's ok (uhh) Lookout on the look-out (said it's ok) look-at-that~! We gon' have the fiends singin like Michel'le (Bangin hard like them niggaz out in East L.A.) Little weed from the Bay and the pink all day (Still dope money in the gray mink all day) Just do it while (I sit around and think all day) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Pharrell Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Don't Turn Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Lot of old stars, lot of new brothers All makin a movie, but none of thems the Hughes brothers {*chuckling*} Gotta laugh at my wittyness 'Bout makin some change, but you can feel my paper miss Love gritty chicks, real hoodie chicks You know what I need cause I'm an idiot Brains and the money machine cause I'm gettin it Did' call me +Miracle+ man cause I'm +Whippin+ it A lot of reefer and the large Hennessy 'Bout a thousand a bottle for the Richard Hennessy Just pay for it, heaven sent And the live ascent block the chron chron scent, yes~! [Chorus: Pharrell] Baby, baby, baby, don't turn away - from love Baby, baby, baby, don't turn away - from love [Styles P] I'm just sippin Courvoisier Tell the accountants and the money, the concierge Sauna to the steam room, put it in the air Told you that I'm sittin on it somethin like a chair Hey ladies! Dear babies I'm the last gangster left, it's so crazy It's impostors, it's no shocker If that shit come in a can it ain't lobster If that boy come with a guard he ain't a mobster But I am, I ride hard And fly too high for the SkyCam Club to the Benz to the telly short time span [Styles P] Short dude... big moves Window stretch floor to the ceiling, big view Real suite all a treat to a visual All this from bein a street individual I ain't the richest nigga, who am I to kid you? But I'll set the standard for G, that they live to Listen boo, I ain't tryin to kid you (nah) I'll tell you what it do and what it did do And then tell you what you gon' do Hit this drink and blunt right in front of you Better hope I don't front on you Real boss, I can do what I wanna do [Chorus] - 2X to fade Artist: Styles P f/ Sheek Louch Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Uh-Ohh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Master of Ceremonies in the building Aiyyo Poobz, roll a whole zip up Yo Louch get like four bottles of Courvoisier Tell the soldiers bring like a hundred guns D-Block, forever, BITCH~! Ha ha ha ha ha [Styles P] Say you gettin money but you not like me I heard your lil' raps but you're not S.P. Close your fuckin mouth when you next to a G The Glock 500 but these bullets come free The money make the world go 'round, plus vertical From no car to a luxury convertible Niggaz that had love, now wanna murder you I be spazzin, blitzin like All Madden Me and this pretty honey sharin the orgasm I'm on the 'gnac and shorty on the merlot Fur coat, to the homey on the furlough Drivin to Myrtle Beach, slower than a turtle 65 there then, 65 back You can get a million dollars off of 65 stacks We neither here - we neither there but if the car smell like smoke then niggaz'll freeze the air Spray the ozium, still break bread with niggaz that move opium and still racketeer Huntin for money so run like a pack of deer If you ain't hand me clear that's why I'm clappin at'cha ear [Chorus: Styles & Sheek] Three guns on the set - which one you wanna hear? Got that paper on deck - throw that money in the air When I pull up in the front - all these niggaz do is stare I'm a dream to these women - but these niggaz nightmare (Uh-ohh!) (You say you gettin money but you not like me) (I heard your lil' raps but you not S.P.) (So close your fuckin mouth when you next to a G) (Glock 500 but these bullets come free) (Uh-ohh!) [Styles P] The hardest out just got cockier (ha ha!) Tell these rap niggaz 'round they lil' posse up The cars got bigger, and the jewels got rockier But the Ghost move just like the mafia You wanna know what I'm talkin 'bout? Knockin I ain't home then go to my other house (get it?) My moms ain't home then go to her other house Real 'til I go to my father and lil' brother's house That's up in heaven nigga God forgive me for robberies, never was a beggin nigga Put thirty holes in you fuckin with a 7 nigga You work for anybody that rap - whatever nigga! And I mean it, with no clique or no crew Bring the steam to you like the cleaners And I press you, and let you air dry And it's a wrap my nigga, that's your air time [Styles P] I live to see my young son turn into my older son Smokin weed, countin money with a loaded gun Never thought the platinum era's better than the golden one (NEVER) These niggaz gon' see when the soliders come Titanium raps, lyrically lap niggaz To tell the truth, none of us is on the same track You just came to the park, I'm runnin cross country like the Africans the ones that don't be stoppin when it's dark I'm just tryin to break the strip, you just tryin to clear the park You the arms, I'm the brain and the soul and the heart These them over your head bars Live nigga killin you dead broads The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The L.O.X., Puff Daddy Album: Fall '96 Bad Boy Promotional Tape Song: You'll See Typed by: ryewalt@hotmail.com [Intro: Puff Daddy] (Don't stop, I'm not finished yet [8x]) Do you ever ask yourself, when are they ever gonna stop? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making those hits? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making us dance? Do you ever ask yourself, When those Bad Boy are GONNA STOP MAKING ALL THIS MONEY?! [Verse One: Styles Paniro] I lick shots at intruders Take the coke money and invest in computers Tryin' to reach the next level, Rolex with the ice bezel Coming through the ghetto, in a Porsche Carrero But for now I'll play the back of the cruiser Light another sack for the three time losers Pour out some beer, bust out the ruger Ladies and gentleman Bullets will leave you tremblin, shooken up I got my cuban mommy cooking up We got it all from Heron to Fishscale New York to Ismail get locked, I'm gettin' bail My style is flashy like a fiver strobes Going around the globe, hunnies wearing silk robes Time to flip the script, bust the whip Legend with the chip, dark blue with my trunk dipped To the feds, catch me if you can I'm a still transport with my man on the Peter Pan Get there and bury the bricks in the sand They think I want a tan, I'm sittin' on a hundred grand So I can hit the boat and take a shower Head back to the airport, and hide the money in the tower Stack blocks by the keys L to the O to the X you'll see [Chorus: Puff Daddy] Bad Boy, Bad Boy, what you gonna do What you gonna do when they come for you (Gun cocking) You'll see, (gun cocking) you'll se [2x] [Interlude: Puff Daddy] See, it's 1996 man, And we gonna do the same thing to you we did to you in '95 We gonna keep hittin' you in your head with all that FLAAAAAAAAAVVAAAAAAAAA [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yeah aight then, you better act like you know L to the O, X amount the flows Ain't nothin' change but the range since I got the inf. Dot on your head, take all your strength Yeah, I'm in it for the green I'll get up in your seam while I'm sonning you like a nigga from Queens My tape in your duel cassette running me Tryin' to get in front of me playa, but you ain't gettin' none of me Better off gunnin' me, with hot slugs numbing me 'Cause you and I both know, the flow is coming B When you want it? now or later? I get mine and slide like a fresh pair of 'gators With my mega click, involved in Montega bricks Niggaz is mega sick, and you know we roll mega thick Up north where they bust your man In the custom van, interrupt your plans Now it's back to grams, DAMN, ain't that somethin' All that for frontin', what you gonna do? nothin' So let's keep things rationalized Everything I write better nationalize I'm into gettin' money, twistin' hunnies Niggaz is buyin' coupes while you on the stoop lookin' funny I'm a scorer, shorty love the whole aura Pussy wasn't all that, that's why I never called her It's all about quick whips and fast knicks Gats with mad clips, TV's in your whips My style tight like Gotti when I touch you Seasoned Picatti, or Versace joints with the buckle Get the facts, I'm tryin' to get the Beamer with the hatch Cop one for my man, so ill shits match Runnin' around all crazy twistin' hunnies back And breakin' niggaz that come to gamble with small stacks Really though, screw y'all, I never knew y'all Your click be like yellow lights, I'm runnin' through y'all [Verse Three: Sheek Luchion] Yo, hard as it is to make a buck I ain't tryin' to get stuck So I'm a keep handlin' beef like I don't give a fuck It's all about respect Tek-9's and papes Big house in Italy, in the yard with hunnies crushin' grapes So I go down to my steam room and give a long prayer Knowing that one day I'll be Sheek Luchion the mayor Fatigued out in my house or office Blunt spots and crooked cops can't grow shit so the town supports this (Uh-hun) My staff rollin' in Jags, Cruisers, and Coupes Givin' rallies, and holdin' parades for the lifers groups Now what you gon' do? When they come for you The same thing you been doing Eye screwing And bubble gum chewing (whoooh) While me and my mans are pursuin' Who you think the ladies are enhancin' Rocking Vansons I'm dancing in the mansion So cheers to life of the ice in your chains and your watches And you'll see how wo lock this [Verse Four: The Notorious B.I.G.] Click, click, uh, uh, uh Niggaz talkin' it but ain't livin' it Crystal pops I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit 'Gator trunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the williest of the willy Heckler Koch, M-1's and nine millies Stories like a motherfucker (that's right) Model bitches wondering if I'm a fuck with her She know I treats my bitches like Ivana Dolce and Gabana Dippin' Big poppa never slippin' H-class diamonds shinin' Dinner with the wifey winin', dinin' Smoking cigars in Bogota With Colombian niggaz named Panama And Englique and shit Games we play life endin' Bitches bending over with ease For a pair of Moschino jeans And Donna Karan tank tops I got your bank stopped Singles on top Benjamins Under the rest of 'em Advancin' >From duplex to mansion Stashing keys hidin' G's overseas VCR's in my V's Game elevates, money I make Gets your stocks and real estates, bitch Jet skiing in the Caribean, white sands Discusing plans with my mans Dark blue land, smoke tint chrome rims and system That leaves your rear views tremblin' What you gonna do when poppa catch an attitude Drop to your knees and show gratitude Kiss my rings it's a Frank White thing I stay potent Bitch is devoted, take my dick and deep throat it [Outro] You'll see (Don't stop), you'll see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles (The L.O.X.) Album: And1 Kevin Garnett Commercial (www.and1.com) Song: And1 Kevin Garnett Commercial Typed by: origino@swirve.com [Styles] Kevin Garnett Da Kid The player of the present and the future Ideal player of the 21st century You call him KG da Kid (KG) But if you seen him with basketball  You know that he grown (uh huh) You seen him on the ball courts  You know that he home (right at home) It's like every dunk is drastic (wooo) First to get drafted outta high school since Moses Malone (remember that?) Everybody gotta earn they turn (uh huh) I think da Kid game got hotter since his jersey burned (phew) And you couldn't find a finer kid (uh uh) Than the 7 foot South Carolina kid obsessed with ball (obsessed) And the rim need a hard net (hard net) Better act like you know  C'mon dogg, that's Kevin Garnett (KG) Bout to get an And1 all in your mug (And1) Said he play around the clock coz there's ball in his blood (in his blood) He ain't think about a turnover (uh uh) That's KG, he the player of the future  And the game about to turn over (da Kid) Think you got game, then you gon' have to learn over (yeah) (talking) KG, Kid, Kevin Garnett, And1, Styles P The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Ron Isley Album: Big Business 12" (Swizz Beatz) Song: Big Business Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ron Isley singing] Swizz Beatz, show 'em what they dealin with Wooo! Oh yeahhhh! Ahh Yeahh [Ron Isley singing - Chorus x2] Hey ladies, can I get a witness? Lah da da da da-da Tell 'em what they dealin with Throw your hands in the air (big business) Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!) Hey fellas, tell 'em what they dealin with Big house (throw your hands in the air), big boats  Big cars (throw your hands in the air), superstars [Verse 1 - Jadakiss] Fuck a six and a seven I'ma put big dubs on the gray eight Hold your wrist when you squeeze, the slugs'll stay straight Can I get a witness, Swizz Beatz the monster Jadakiss, Mr. Biggs, its big business Nigga this is our show Twenty two master bedrooms in the crib The garage like the car show Not only am I real, I think But I still jab a nigga with the left and won't spill my drink The Courvoisier got me clashes Honey all over me like ashes Throwin that green molases Your dealin with D-Block, and Full Surface And ain't no payment plans its full purse-full [Chorus x2] [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] A'yo I'm dealin with this mami from Quebec When she fly out I pull the boat out and blow scomie on the deck Shootin at the stars, Tommy and the Tek Soon as the dutch finish you can find me on the neck No foreplay, bustin the pound raise me Middle of the ocean, bustin her down crazy You know me, I ain't on no star shit I just came to hurt the market Then squirt the Larkin Put your hands up, matter fact put your mans up Put your medina's and your lambs up, your grams up Talkin bout buckin each other Probly fuckin each other D-Block dawg, we stuck with each other [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] A'yo Full Surface, Swizz Beatz is in front of him Got alot of problems but money ain't one of 'em D 12's and up, thats our M-O Tell me what you know bout a jet ski limo Waterproof knockin it, ain't no stoppin it Automatic respect whenever D-Block's in it Or we can take it to the avenue too Bring the Porsche GT out, lavender blue Shit change, Kiss came its all extortion Everybody meet, except for smaller portions For real though, behave yourself on some grown shit It ain't enough room dawg, I'm on my own hit [Chorus x2] [Ron Isley singing] Big Businesssss, Jadakiss Ohhh why dont you rap to 'em one tiiime Show em who they dealin wit Big Businesssss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jadakiss Album: Blade II Soundtrack Song: We Be Like This Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com, cmosetick@hotmail.com [Intro: Fabolous] Getting it on Brooklyn we back Ghetto Fab [repeat 4X] Like that I got on, I got on [Chorus: repeat 2X] From the rocks to the trees We be like this From the blocks to the P's Streets be like this From the cock to the squeeze Heat be like this Ghetto F-A-B Keep it like this [Fabolous] I'm an ordinary gent, in a strawberry Bent Air Force Ones, check out the Burberry print It's the kid, who do you fuck with Ya'll should stop starring, unless Gucci make bullet proof buckets Street family boys, kisses on they cheek And why the D.A. and see the whip misses in a week Ghetto gotta admire, man on it like this And Prada work, retirement plan on my wrist Niggas don't like that I got on It's easier to find Bin Ladden, then the nikes that I got on I used to love apartments, now I'm laughing in a mini mansion I feel like I'm in a glove compartment I'm far from jealous But you ain't smoking good if what you buy don't look like the ? I'm the reason your chillin' It's no problem ridin? up Puttin' a few of these in your melon Why I'm breezing and yelling, ghetto  [Chorus: repeat 2X] [Jadakiss] Ay yo, never get caught holding a gram Never take a bitch word over your man Stay close to him Never let em know where you live Never let get familiar with your dough or your kids Put the toast to em Always stay quiet and humble But don't be scared to take it to the knife or the gun in a rumble I could show you how to get your neck broke Stretch coke, the middle of the ocean on a mean duplex boat Look here, there is no competitor See now with the space ship doors, they open up regular Get it on with the hard plastic My sixteens had niggas feel like they trippin' off acid Trust me, I can't see a loss Know that if you wack me, you can't be a boss Ryde or die, cry or lie, get your hustle on Hold the block down, for life, truly yours [Chorus: repeat 2X] [Fabolous] Keep it like this Keep it like this We be like this Streets be like this Heat be like this Keep it like this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Jadakiss, Sheek Louch, Swizz Beatz Album: Blow Your Mind (Remix) 12" Song: Blow Your Mind (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Swizz Beatz] + (Styles P) (Yo Swizz! This is the tree-mix!) Yeah, smoke, now S.P. c'mon (L.O.X.!) S.P. c'mon Ghost - it's showtime, it's showtime! (Swizzie!) Ghost - lighters in the air! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] I wanna roll somethin up so I-I can just blow, my mind (lighters in the air!) I wanna, blow my mind (hey, hey, hey - lighters in the air!) Blow my mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) You should roll somethin up so you can just um, blow, your mind (blow your mind!) You should just blow your mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) Blow your mind (hey, hey, lighters in the air!) [Jadakiss] AH-HAH! Yo, I already got it, they want power Pump haze, blow sour, top floor of the Trump Towers They style is nasty, that's why they want ours Sign my name in the book, send y'all chumps flowers Light it if it's exotic and blow it 'til it's gone They find out who got it then cop a whole jawn Say I didn't warn ya Roll a couple up at the same time so the cypher can go around longer In weed terms I'm a couple pounds stronger All I need is one more connect, California And I ain't gon' rush, I'ma take my time Stay on my grind, and, just blow my mind [Sheek Louch] Silverback! Uhh Stacks of money, big Cohiba, call me Eddie Cheeba Granddaddy blazin, Sheek Louch amazin Coupe Caucasian, system Asian, seats Italian And the medallion, I'll be fuckin stylin Answer this - who you know better than 'Kiss? Better than P, better than the Silver-B Back gorilla, Apollo filler, guarded twice Just that nice, look at the ice Now look at the hammer I want cheese like you in front of the damn camera, 'til I see the slammer Black Chuckers, one bubble, the God is here I hit the block, they put they LIGHTERS IN THE AIR! [Styles P] I get +Red-man+ to +B-Real+, my +Method Man+ is +Luniz+ I +Snoop+ around, watch a channel live in the boonies Forgot where the telly is, and I lost the room key The green might ruin me Need a few quarters, few waters and some trail mix Peanut butter and jelly, I'm tryin to tell you real shit Hit the studio, blow, go and lay some ill shit Hit my boy Swizz like, we gon' make the ill mix People wanna ask if The Lox broke up That's like S.P. the Ghost bein not smoked up And I'm back to the head Cause I don't need the germs from the worms, don't pass cause I'm stackin the bread [Swizz Beatz] You should roll somethin up so you can just um, blow, your mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve & Jadakiss Album: Bringing Down the House soundtrack Song: Let Go (Hit the Dance Floor) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Jadakiss - talking] A haha, yeah, Evey, Jada Just Blaze, break it down Let's Go, uh huh,  See we gon' "Bring down the House" right now D-Block style, what up, what up Double R, Evey, Just Blaze, Jada They Ain't Ready, who woulda believed uh huh, yeah [Eve - talking behind Jadakiss during Intro] Uh, yeah, c'mon, c'mon Uh, uh ohhh, uh, yeah, c'mon uh uh, c'mon, c'mon, uh, yo, yo [Eve] Soon as I walk in all eyes on me, ain't got no time for the talkin It's time to get the party sparkin Crowd starts to slip for the darlin Proceed with caution, I'm warnin Yeah, hand clap I feel it from the back in the spot pack Let's show the fellas, have Papi stop that I'm here to unwind, two step wit a thug relax and fall back No outlet for a plug, c'mon, I'm in the zone daddy You got to leave, and no don't stop movin 'til the end a the song Whole club starin at me, how I do it is known Watchin my niggas gettin wild off a shots of Petron Uh, know you feelin me, you can't handle the chick Watchin the bottom, take never puttin your hands on me It's always one that gotta test you out Can't even dance without a nigga tryin to stress you out, yeah [Chorus - Eve] (Jadakiss) Fella, hit the dance floor don't play shy (uh uh) Can't leave her alone starin at her all night (uh huh) That's what you want, says you need her in your life (yeah) You better pick her up (Uh, yeah I hear you ma and that's all cool But I'm a go over here and do me you can go do you Grown folks don't play games they make moves So let me hold somethin' huh) [Jadakiss] Yeah, I steps in like give me my space (what up) They wanna know who it is, my hat low can't see my face And it's just too hard to hate Kiss For now give me a water then send a guard or waitress I'm a be in the rear burnin a fat one Somethin to hold me down, until the yak come Gotta a 5 sack on the couch they ready Three piece over there but they kinda heavy Great chicks waitin on the word And I got the older ones hatin on the birds I wanna know, am I am pimp or a zip outta luck Bishop Don Juan betta get my cup And they ain't pay me to get on the mic But if it's goin down then I might just pop shit on the mic And before I let go please let me get anotha glass of Exo Ready let's go [Eve] Starin as I glide by Four inches add a extra somethin to it, switch catchin all the side eyes Saw somethin nice, but I never chase And don't stop my movements while I cute face 'um He lookin ok, I'm feelin alright Crazy we ain't leavin 'til the sunlight Partyin is worth it baby, only if it's done right Over for you limited funds dudes that ain't nice Don't matter where you from shake ya asses It's on and poppin right now raise ya glasses Front to the back a the club this shit rude And you frontin if you up on the wall, c'mon boo Uh, I'm gettin stalked every step a the way But my dogs watch heavy while I'm out to play Fantasizin while my hips move all in your face Hopin I turn around and pull you close, give you a taste The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Checkmate 12" Song: Checkmate Typed by: craig.bowen@insightbb.com * * send corrections to the typist You did it baby! Congratulations, homie! You made history! 1.1 million in a short week! (laughs) Screw a press conference, press this on your conscience! D-Block, cheers! Yeah! I ain't mad, I don't wanna sound mad, I feel marvelous.. D-Block, Double R, fuckin' faggots.. We gon' handle this like grown men, you won't win You don't even feel comfortable in your own skin I rap my ass off, I'm fightin' the champ with the glass jaw at the Garden or Nassau See me, couple hood niggaz behind stars I heard you put a couple good niggaz bars, (Preme!) I might never sell that much But you can bet your last 2 quarters, I never tell that much Picture 'Kiss not come out swingin' It's like going to see 50 at a show and he don't come out singin' Yeah, you got a felony, but you ain't a predicate Never the King of New York, you live in Connecticut You don't be in the hood, you be in the woods Fuckin' wit' me, is where you really gon' be for good I hold the 4-5 myself, and hop out the Range on 1-4-5 myself This is a true fact Since when has it become cool to get shot and not shoot back Trackmasters shelfed you, Bravehearts helped you Then everybody felt you, now I gotta melt you And don't try to pull rank on 'Kiss Cause the niggaz I'ma send to do it ain't gon' miss Be layed up stiff, I spit straight up 'piph I did real songs with BIG, no made-up shits And I don't got a problem with clout You ain't get shot again yet, so what's your second album about? (Nothin'!) Your raps are pre-school, you made a lot of money, now be cool 'Fore I swell up your lips like seafood Can I get a mic check? You don't stand a chance To dance with me dog, ya steps ain't right yet Block is just fine, homie, the D's straight Most likely your new CD is a weed plate Bunch of love songs, 100% pure garbage Just somethin' to break up buds on You should just sell clothes and sneakers Cause outta your whole camp your flow's the weakest I'm in the town where the young boys is clappin', (clappin') You runnin' around with the lieutenant and captain, (laughs) It'll take a lifetime to see 'Kiss You had to get shot 9 times to be rich Rat ass nigga, you's a animal You's a motherfuckin' animal Pig ass nigga, you's a animal You's a motherfuckin' animal Snake ass nigga, you's a animal You's a motherfuckin' animal Matter of fact, you ain't no animal I'ma show these motherfuckers how to handle you D-Block! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch Album: Clickity Clank 12" Song: Clickity Clank Typed by: tay_2_22@hotmail.com *  * send corrections to the typist Hit me nigga Okay Ayo were my beer at son? Fuck it son, let's go in [Verse: Sheek Louch] Ayo clickity clank, that piggy bank shit is garbage I thought it'll be harder than that I thought G-Unit niggaz work harder than that I mean most of the shit that I'm hearing is wack Young Buck I ain't gon' lie, I like the dude But its war and anyday I'll eat ya food Lloyd Banks took Fab whole style Like you ain't know All you missing is his chipped tooth smile And homie I ain't never gon respond to you I dont care what you say or what the fuck you do You don't deserve no raps Take your old ass home and take a nap You garbage nigga (ha ha) Yall not scary Thought the hardest come from Yonkers I know yall wasnt talking bout Mary You diesel fag stay in the car And go G-G-G-G, all day in ya sports bra I'm in the hood dick Member the place you used to come to, when ya shit didnt break Before Emimen ever heard the shit you kick When you can walk around without none of your click I don't care about your money dog No hatin' either We can do this all day and I dont need a breather I want yall to shut us down How that sound My name too strong you clown Guaranteed this the can of worms You might wanna put the top back on Before your ass get germs Back then niggas wanted us to air yall out I said 'Nah I kinda like what them niggas about' Before I knew about the rattin' Before you locked up half of Manhattan Irv and his boys Before you ran around in them bulletproof toys I thought you was a problem child I see niggaz turn bitch when the shit get wild Ayo 10 mil nigga or 20 mil sold You bout to lose to niggas thats gold I'll explode on homey I like being out but I'll unload on homey Lets keep this peace dog Cause you and me both got them big old heats dog [Outro] Fuck outta here nigga Ya shit garbage B You don't sound Southern motherfucker That fake ass laugh and shit You do that laugh so niggaz don't see you cryin' D-Block bitch You fucked up now, you know yo done fucked up now Sheek Louch whatcha gonna say bitch WOO! .... it's nuttin Ayo Game what up my nigga, you know what it is already Henchman what up daddy Whatever, whatever we right here man Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ 50 Cent, Rell Album: Dump 12" Song: Dump Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: 50 Cent] Nigga we not playin! Zero tolerance for that fake shit get shot playin! That's how we on it Yeah it's rap 'til we start sprayin! When you see the nozzle on that K you should start prayin! That's how we on it! [Chorus: Rell] (50 Cent)  I don't wanna waste time talkin to fellas Who run up on me talkin that bullshit Instead I let them talk when my goons get hellish The only way they talk is with a full clip You 'gon make them boys dump, you 'gon make them boys slump  (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, leave you and your man slump You 'gon make them boys dump, show them with the right one (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, it's like that for real, it's like that for real [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yeah shorty wild, tre pounds, forty cals At the dice game with brand new hundreds forty thou' Stay fly work out, all we eat is Halal You'll never catch 'em dirty 'cause all they keep is a smile When they caught 'em with a gat in the car you beat it in trial He don't say too much, never eager to style Remind me of Gotti, Shyne with the shotties Lawyer so good paid a fine for a body Heroin and B-more, crib by the seashore Car service to the G4 Fila Velour Piff rolled in the dutch or the Cuban cigar Tryin to expand the brand so he could see more Everybody love him from the Crips to the B-dogs Leave niggas for dead, let 'em have a bleed off Four-four to the head, will tear a nigga meat off And he don't show no emotions when he lettin that heat off [Chorus: Rell] (50 Cent) I don't wanna waste time talkin to fellas Who run up on me talkin that bullshit Instead I let them talk when my goons get hellish The only way they talk is with a full clip You 'gon make them boys dump, you 'gon make them boys slump  (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, leave you and your man slump You 'gon make them boys dump, show them with the right one (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, it's like that for real, it's like that for real [Verse Two: 50 Cent] Yeah, yeah My nickname change, call me Trey when I'm snubbin 'em (yeah) Billy when I'm clubbin 'em, Box when I'm cuttin 'em Niggaz dyin, I ain't prayin, I don't even fuck with 'em Card game shuffle; hundred grand in the duffle (woo!) Blackjack, poker, pinochle - you win, fuck you Niggaz tryin to lie on me, they sayin I'm grimy (yeah) Fo' hundred mil' and I still can't chill (fuck that!) Call me G, double barrel, N - GOON! Boom! I do it like a 'Natti nigga do (what's up?) New York City's pharaoh, potato on the barrel Shell-case muffle, make me come touch you I finger-fuck my firearm, we intimate, I'm into it [Chorus: Rell] (50 Cent) I don't wanna waste time talkin to fellas Who run up on me talkin that bullshit Instead I let them talk when my goons get hellish The only way they talk is with a full clip You 'gon make them boys dump, you 'gon make them boys slump  (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, leave you and your man slump You 'gon make them boys dump, show them with the right one (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, it's like that for real, it's like that for real [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo, yeah... If you hit 'em in the head with the dummies, then you good Funeral homes make the most money in the hood (Uh) Either usin the chrome, pearl handles or the wood Animals tryin to get away with whatever they could It's spooky, how you could get rich off ?loosies? Four stacks for the jacket, sneaks cost a deuce-y You see the five stars, I'm a general, salute me They want a nigga to disappear, they tryna poof me I'm just in the crib countin gwap, up all night  I got a new crew, DOS - Dump On Sight I be in and out of the country I jump off flights Four-fifth is room temperature, the pumps on ice (Ice) Handle shit accordingly, whenever it comes to you Do the right thing or the get the right thing done to you Whatever you do, I just hope you got a gun with you The +Tommy+ is like a live band when the +drum+ hits you DUMP! [Chorus: Rell] (50 Cent)  I don't wanna waste time talkin to fellas Who run up on me talkin that bullshit Instead I let them talk when my goons get hellish The only way they talk is with a full clip You 'gon make them boys dump, you 'gon make them boys slump  (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, leave you and your man slump You 'gon make them boys dump, show them with the right one (Chump I throw up the semi on a nigga yeah!!!) You 'gon make them boys dump, it's like that for real, it's like that for real [Outro: 50 Cent] WHAT!!!! THIS IS IT RIGHT HERE!!!! WHO SAY THEY FUCKIN WITH THIS!!! SCRATCH LIVE RUN DEEP!!!SUCKER ASS NIGGAS!!! G-UNIT D-BLOCK!!! IT'S THE DEATH OF THE WIERDO RIGHT HERE!!! IT'S MY THEME MUSIC!!! MAKE A HUNDRED MILLION DOLLAR MOVIE TO IT!! JADA!!! 50!!! [Jadakiss] EH HEHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: Bust Your Gun Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Shit is crazy.. can't believe it Ha, haha, oooh, shit We don't give a fuck about you frostin' ya hand (fuck), cause knockin' off these bricks then often yo' man That's the kinda boss that I am (why not), and I'ma play shotgun, smoke the pores make a van Hollarin' at you so deep and so sick wit' the guns When I walk by the wake I want the cough in the stand (stand up) So hold up for one minute (what) You won't catch me in the tub, in the whip, or the club without a gun in it, and don't come through the strip,  lookin' hard in the car, with ya motherfuckin' daughter and ya son in it Lately I been missin' my fred, the roof pop (too hot),  but feel me cause he hittin' the stairs, the truth pop Niggaz think this album cuts (haha!) I'm like fuck it, I'm the nigga comin through the door wit two revolvers up (two 'em), and I'm takin' all drama,  and I spent twenty thou' motherfucker so I just got more problems You got'sta bust yo' gun,  cause if you don't then niggaz know you won't they gon' touch yo' ones Got'sta bend yo' knife, cause if you don't then niggaz know you won't they gon' change yo' life Aiyyo, who gotta my name huh?  Who think it's a fuckin' game (c'mon) Like yo' money can't be found under the cane (y'know) Like yo' body can't be found under the trains Like this punk we'll shatter apart your brain (bla!) I'ma thug wit' no scars, and no braids, but I could aim, and shoot through the heart or your shades I'm too row, plus too quick on the gat (uh-huh) Hate water, but I leave you wit' a wills play-back I don't give a fuck if all y'all go to the cops, and I don't give a fuck if none of y'all gimmie my props I got shit in my name and my credit is worse What's to stop me from shootin' you first? FUCK YOU! (haha) I'm like tattoos, you forget that I'm there (uh-huh) To the gun fire perm your hair Miss you, and go strait through your moms rockin' chair, through her back and it ain't stopin' there! [Chorus] - 2X Bounce my niggaz.. c'mon Sheek and S.P., rock, rock on (c'mon) Bust shots 'til your glock can't pop no more (hahaha) Let it down 'til your top can't drop no more (uh-huh) Hit you up 'til your spirit where the Eagles fly (c'mon) Talk to me, if you really come back then you'll die (c'mon) Make me believe, no shirt but still got some shit up my sleeve No asthma, makin' it hard to breathe Let's go, aiyyo Styles take this motherfuckin' mic from me, c'mon Aight.. aiyyo, P'll tell it like story, just like a narrator Ya don't mean it, we snappin' it like the Aligators Open ya eyes so you can see what the drama mean I hit ya man in the cheek wit' a barber blade, and I'm in the first floot at the (?) Parade Forty on the weights wit' a fifty on the garcarade Always got the route, never had the heart to beg You ain't seein' shit 'til a slug rip a part'a head [Chorus] - 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Fuck Beanie Sigel 12" Song: Fuck Beanie Sigel (Freestyle) Typed by: sbonzie91@yahoo.com [Jadakiss] Yo when I met you, you was on my dick Jigga gave you his old Bentley's, now you on some shit And I don't know where they found you son But since ya pops ain't around I'ma punish you and ground you son And niggas can't stand you Sigel Ya flow is mine anyway so don't bite the hand that feed you Them niggas that gassed you is ass too Trust me, them niggas don't wanna shoot 5 dawg they rusty Believe or not, the ghetto is mine And when I see you, I'ma put ya conrows on the yellow lines I got niggas in Philly that been where you live Fuck Scarface, my bullets hit women and kids Worst mistake was trying for me And you can bring the baby gorilla, with you, he dying for free And I'm stuntin on a disco beat And you'se a fag, ya next rhyme should be on a Sisquo beat And I hate Beans but fuck it, Kiss gon eat It's me and you, fuck the labels, lets go streets Ya rap fans need me I don't know why this nigga keep talking greasy when Macs jam easy What the fuck was you thinkin nigga? Fat stinkin nigga...what bitch wanna lay with you? Fuck nigga, I could get you merked in a day or two No casket, only thing left was a braid or two You forget, the reason that you signed to the Roc Cause you listened and you watched, and listened to the Lox? All it takes is a gun and a bomb You got me on tape, Hard Knock Life tour, huggin ya moms Mos def, I'll have a dude buried in carcass For a Kool G and I'm not from Rawkus Dawg you still gotta convince me And don't be a coward and try to turn Finley against me And I ain't making no more songs neither So when I shoot 'em in his face, I don't wanna hear that I'm wrong neither Hold that, suck my dick, faggot! None of ya'll niggas can fuck wit Kiss It's the J to the izz A, D to the izz A Ya'll niggas is pussy, ya'll don't want no gunplizzay Sigel's not real to me therfore he doesn't exist Vamoose, son of a Kiss.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P. (The LOX) Album: The Ghost (Promo) 12" Song: The Ghost Typed by: blumeraitis@alltel.net * * send corrections to the typist Spend a day with the ghost baby Get the understandin' I'm like a shadow I'm the ghost of this shit for all the spirits I possess All the voices I be hearin', shit I'm feelin' in my chest I could ghost through your walls and flow through your soul When it comes to the streets dog I give this shit my all and If I'm not grabbin' y'all, lift you in a sign then I'm a Sagitarius, the magician is my tarot card David is my first name but love it if you break it down I'm a real nigga, I'm a hug you if you break it down Styles is my last name meaning the expression of art I guess why I'm just blessed with the heart And they call me Holiday, I'm a let the blanks fill in I call myself that 'cause I was born on Thanksgiving 11-28-74 Snatch you, will I break bread with niggas that was ghetto or poor P. short for Paniro, that's a mixture of Robert or Al But I ain't actin' with a llama, I'm wild Here's why they call me the ghost  I'm half alive, half dead, and when it's beef I bring all of the toast I'm the ghost of this shit, I provide you fluid That'll crack the sidewalks and rise the sewers Hey yo, I can see my son in my face Am I foul 'cause I pray when I'm high or with a gun on my waist Gots to ride for the criminals, die for the generals My ghost'll be around for my bicentennial Y'all better do the article 'Cause when I'm dead I ain't really gon' die, I'm gon' break down to particles Probably too deep to blow When I sleep I leave earth and come back, y'all can't peep the ghost It's like I make niggas shiver and think I'm so deep that if water tried to listen then the rivers'll sink And y'all niggas can't walk with me, I'm on some different shit I can't explain it but I hear the clouds talk to me It's sort of like the weed in a dutch, you wouldn't understand So I stay quiet not leavin' you much It's about time I even it up, I knock your spirit out Holiday to Ghost gettin' greasy as fuck Here's why they call me the ghost  I'm half alive, half dead, and when it's beef I bring all of the toast I'm the ghost of this shit, I provide you fluid That'll crack the sidewalks and rise the sewers I vow to hold my niggas down, bust my gun, pay the bail Get the weed, get the liquor, dog I'm just a lick of styles Lyrically I'm somethin' else, hardest out of nothin' else Before you think I'm bitch you better all try to fuck yourself Mr. Paniro and, mixed with a pharoe and Got cold hearted when I started movin' heroin Robbed more shit than Billy the Kid You think you're nicer than the P you the silliest kid It's like I'm better off poppin' ya When I flow I got a formula in styles sort of like a philosipher Y'all start borrowin' lessons 'Cause rap without me is like the gods without the stars and the crescents I don't rap my niggas, I spit bars and baptize niggas Pull guns and kill half-sized niggas You heard about the Holy Ghost and took it for lies Next time you see Paniro just look in his eyes nigga Here's why they call me the ghost  I'm half alive, half dead, and when it's beef I bring all of the toast I'm the ghost of this shit, I provide you fluid That'll crack the sidewalks and rise the sewers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album:  Grand Theft Auto IV Soundtrack Song:   What's the Problem Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net Yeah, it's the heart is out Cut you up, throw you out on the day I put the garbage out In the glad bag or the hefty, shoot with the lefty Nobody test me, told you I'll cut class Bruise from your ear to your mustache Fuck around, nigga you'll be swallowin' crushed glass Back on my hard shit, back on my yard shit Back on my scarred shit Thirty sets a day still hatin' the bar shit Nice with a hawk like a Navy Seal who is the target? Make the walls look likes it's red paint, red rug Need a little love, nigga get you a lead hug My bullets gon' frap, gun in my backpack Fuck all the chit chat, my shit got kicked back Your face I split that, kickin' in the door ask 'em Where is the bricks at? Nigga What the fuck is the problem? What the fuck is the problem? What the fuck is the problem? Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down I don't give a fuck if he's famous Still knock the one, shotgun to his anus Then to his kneecap, then to his shoulder Soldier, should of read my file or folder I'm colder than Antarctica or Alaska The blaster, you don't need a rocket, I'll get you to NASA I told you, ain't nobody nicer, fuck with the shyster You gettin' sliced up, I ain't finished yet, this only my start up Catch him outside then I'm shootin' his car up Tell him sayonara, there's no more tomorrow No more today now, go 'head lay down Pop, pop, pop, nigga go 'head stay down We don't play clown, this ain't the circus You makin' me nervous, what is your purpose? One more move, it's your funeral service What the fuck is the problem? What the fuck is the problem? What the fuck is the problem? Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down Niggas is gettin' shot down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Sheek Louch Album: Honey Soundtrack Song: J.A.D.A. Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss & (Woman)] (Jadakiss) Hahah (Sheek) WHOOO!!! D-Block, Darkchild Uh huh, yeah Uh - yeah [Verse - Jadakiss] Yo, I'm just too much, I flow too sick I be on top of the snare, all over the kick Since a youngcat, I been one wit the drum tap The purple start pushin my lungs back Been there, done that My words stick to you like thumb tacks Pardon me, LOX hooked up wit Rodney The Ferrari's teal, but the truck's mahogany Hating, I can't get you bastards off me Fresh like I just took the plastic off me Me and streets is high school sweethearts And I'm always in her so she can't divorce me Can't see farther than Kiss, I'm like a father to this Want ya go and cop your father to this I possess the whole package - the girls, the thongs And there's something about me the world just loves D-Block bringing hell of a pain, 'Honey' tell em my name [Chorus - Jadakiss & (Woman)] (2x) (J-A-D-A) I'm pulling it out, the guns'll pop (J-A-D-A) I'm taking your money, the funeral stop (J-A-D-A) The club'll band, the beat'll knock (J-A-D-A) We just keep going, this shit don't stop [Verse - Sheek Louch] Sheek Louch get it popping, this shit don't stop Got your boobs hitting, shaking in a Halter Top Drizzling out, no shirt, burgandy drop Chain's bigger than Chuck D and Flava's clock Yeah boy, Sheek kinda hot these days Hold the heat when I spit, need ten ice trays D-Block what up? what's fucking wit that? Got the Camp spitting heavy on this Jerkins track Glock jerk him back, either that or the mac I prefer chrome but take it if you got it in black Thick shorty wanna hop on it I tell her not here, but we could go inside the bathroom 'Honey Let me give it to your straight, I ain't spending no money We could drink till we pass out, make dicks and all that I'm a gangster, I bet shorty crawl back Got her job through a two way contact [Chorus - Sheek Louch & (Woman)] (2x) (S-H-E-E-K) Pulling it out, the guns'll pop (S-H-E-E-K) I'm taking your money, the funeral stop (S-H-E-E-K) The club'll band, the beat will knock (S-H-E-E-K) We just keep going, this shit don't stop [Verse - Sheek Louch] Hey yo it's Louchy baby, smoke screen in the Mercedes Naw it's just weed, I'm fucking wit y'all Oil slick, it's the juice that I throw out the back But it's for real lil nigga if you hearing the clack I'm bringing it back, you don't wanna jump to this I'm David Blaine, it's magic how I gave it the Kiss Letting it off, nigga like we hunting to diss (J-A-D-A) Hey yo Kiss (Jada: what up Louch?) yo take it from there [Verse - Jadakiss] Raspy voice, flow of the year; It's the cue tip bars They feel good when they go in your ear Ti Gun, Peanut Punch your girl ain't ready (F-A-G-E-A) (Sheek: Sheek Louch!) Jadakiss, the world ain't ready We got haze in the air and we pouring the yac Bout to get up on 'Honey' cause she throwing it back And you know I keep the hawk on my neck, so don't violate Cause I can't wait for it to go in your back, uh [Chorus - Jadakiss & Sheek] (Woman) (4x) (J-A-D-A) I'm pulling it out, the guns'll pop (S-H-E-E-K) I'm taking your money, the funeral stop (J-A-D-A) The club'll band, the beat'll knock (S-H-E-E-K) We just keep going, this shit don't stop (J-A-D-A) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Styles P Album: Kiss of Death Song: Kiss of Death Typed by: richy_b69@hotmail.com This should be played at high volume (aha) Preferably in a residential area [Jadakiss] Uh, I learnt the game I know what I want and I'm in it My time is now and it's gonna be up in a minute You look a nigga in the eye you can tell if he tinted These fake rappers gettin by with these hell of a gimmicks They act like it's all love only love is ya money So when over nigga are you a thug or a dummy I'm neither but I been hot so long it feels like I got a lifetime fever And I ain't gotta spit I could cough and still eat ya And fuck rap I make mills off reefer Im a man first tired of punchin niggaz So ima shoot niggaz cause my hands hurt And god I great guard your space One hand wash the other both wash the face And I head crack so much its hard to ace 38 revolver flow is hard to trace, wha [Styles P] (Jadakiss) Fuck that pop off till nuthin in the clip left (pop off) Till nobody in his click left (nobody) Holdin the head slash throw the split chest If they ask what happen (tell em it's the kiss of death) Hustle hard till none of them bricks left (nuttin left) Stick it up till not a crumb on the strip left (take that, take that) Make sure it ain't a chain or a chip left (uh-uh) If they ask wut happen (tell em it's the kiss of death) Tell em kiss (thug kiss of death) [Jadakiss] Yea yo, this is lox ville and even white America Let y'all negro's that jadas got skills You a jackass like Johnny noxville So I can just imagine how your pops feel Damn, and you ain't worth my shell So you can just imagine how the ox feel Alotta niggaz is thousandaires Walkin round town frontin like they got mills For what its worth I'm one myself But my strength in the hood outruns my wealth Still might catch kiss in some hot wheels New Bentley coup wit the stock wheels Haha, look how I get back to it Send my young niggaz to do it in a black Buick I don't spit bars I distribute the crack fluid All I'm really waitins for niggaz to act stupid [Jadakiss] Yea yo, to all my real niggaz sorry for keeping you waitin Its ironic but the god was beefin wit satan I love y'all though my niggaz for even relatin This ain't kiss talking either I'm speakin for Jason When u a problem its to keep em from hatin Niggaz jaws is like laws so easy to break em Cause if I wasn't on some shit I'm getting on it Come to me wit your hand out I'm spittin on it I don't wanna hear what happened Madda fact I don't even care what happened Might as well declare the clappin Cause my bones is old I got a lot of wear and tear from scrappin Hate a nigga that ain't never there to see shit but always hear what happened The only thing better than money is respect No love this time nigga Kiss of death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Inspectah Deck, Sheek Louch, Ghostface Killah Album: The Man with the Iron Fists O.S.T. Song: Bust Shots * Typed by: Cno Evil * Bonus track One, two, three... [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Pretty Tone, I got you.. Fingers [Inspectah Deck] Morphine flow, lean on the brass gold I can see your snake eyes without the crap roll Bust the mack stroll, laughing at you assholes Sticking thorns in my pride like the Black Crowes Cracking your dome for breakfast, Deck spit Lava, fresh like the product section Repping, there's no use testing, you know who stepped in It's Deck, bitch, for those who question Like Serena on the swerve, I swing hard Main event, bad broads with ring card This shit here, niggas get the fiend nod On the wreck, though, these cowards never seen yard Head boss, you scavenge off what Deck toss I don't fall for petty talk I check the source Flex force with army arms, I lets off Bomb threat, blow both your stanky legs off [Chorus: samples] "And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah!" - Inspectah Deck "Or, try and learned it from the mental shit, son" - Sheek Louch "And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah!" - Inspectah Deck "Blaow.. bang, cuz" - Method Man "Cuz I write, and blast and slash your whole level" - Ghostface Killah "Or, try and learned it from the mental shit, son" - Sheek Louch "And make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah!" - Inspectah Deck "Yeah, kid" - Ghostface Killah [Sheek Louch] Pay attention, gun shots, fuck what you benching Big chains on my neck, my wrist is Clinton Presidential Rolex, coming out the projects Seat back looking mean in a foreign object Three for twenty in Japan, with American money Get back home, get head from American bunnies My Iron Fists, my platinum wrists My cook up game is chemists, fuck my nemesis Fly birds like Tyson do, had to switch From the car to the cargo on board Jet Blue Bodies drop from the Liquid Swords, been making hits for years But I'm mad I ain't got no awards I'm a real OG tho, swag like James Bond and 'em My white tee is my tuxedo Belts on the track, Sheek and Ghostface Got the hood on smash, RZA leave it like that [Ghostface Killah] We be jammin', I grill on the track just like salmon I don't play no games, baccarat or backgammon I'm Supreme Cliente', rawer than sushi And if your girl got my number, means I beat that pussy Sword slayer, dick slinger, I got the stroll Of an R&B singer, Wu-Tang ruckus bringer 36 different dialects, we call spot checks My homeland security, is up in the projects Shaolin, Stapleton, Bricks on Broad Street That's where niggas get chopped up like raw meat Fuck that, started off rocking a stocking Over my face, now my face is what gets it popping Donnie had the wave voice, beeing blowed through the mic The definition of true TV, fuck Spike I'm the realest Akeed that ever wet these blocks Too black for BET, two wild for Cops [samples] "Brothers try to pass me, but none can match me" - Ghostface Killah "Or, try and learned it from the mental shit, son" - Sheek Louch "Wu-Tang" - Inspectah Deck "Coming from the 36 Chambers, bang!" - Method Man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox f/ Black Rob Album: *** live from Mister Cee Hot 97 *** Song: Chain Gang Typed by: DrasticX@aol.com (http://reviewz.simplenet.com/jointz/lox-rob_chain.ram) [Jadakiss] Yeah, what the fuck? [Sheek] Lox baby Sheek Louch, Jadakiss, Styles too Blackrob, what the fuck, all up in this mother fucker [Jadakiss] Bad boy  Stay back nigga [Sheek] Ay yo, you want 15 G's thats stuffed in my pocket? Nigga stop it, that bullshit you talking go reherse that at Rockets Puff lye I pay dues, that nigga with a tattoo The thin Ha (Yonkers slang), these motherfuckers gonna watch the Little Rascals When I say I bust my shit, believe it all the way And the summer times where the Chochas show where one in her leg If you could walk still, every block in Yonkers be hot still With miners that will bust you down faster than cops kill Niggas still front and step to you, falsley accused that they just shot and you can still be the judge boo I die for my 354 niggas, with the young stoned niggas Lox are my heart, cold niggas Sheek give it to you, like a bitch with a disease that got AIDS on her lips and wish and hope you bleed So if you want it, Fuck It! In the Benz I'll be there, you gonna rot like  a dead Luco (spanish slang) under the stairs [Blackrob] Yeah yo, I swing that ass through the E-R, now I'm out the D-R heared in New York, y'all was looking for the Hee Haw Lads is sweatin' us, we are four of the baddest I'm the one that go stick you for all the cabage The icon, doing this shit since Stride-on  Perpitrating ass niggas like you, I keep my eye on I rake em, roll em, like smoke from Peter Ross Then I hold em, stole em, work hard to be the boss My fashion is Kumb-a-i, or else I'm attackin' Dukes frontin acting like they toughest then napkins Spittin', them bullshit crimes I stay hittin' not forgeting, the bullshit crimes and ass whippings The whole 9, I dont waste time, I brace mines from the waistlines Niggas is scared to face mine See I'm a criminal, so after this interview I'ma bend a few, Fuck It! Could we sin a few? I put one into you, I promise to God It's about time y'all niggas pay homage to Rob [Styles] You can catch me on the low with a Calico bitch, I got flow while she's bagging her shit  Comin' thru in a '98 wagon, lavender shit  imagine the shit, used to be like packing the clip Cop in the truck the S-C cockin' to dump You can find me with my enemy coppin' his blunt When I'm finished niggas ask which block do I want My pockets is lumped, find me on a yacht with a blunt What you know about daimonds, nigga knockin' the pump While on my spare time I learned to market Heron I'm gettin' valuble, celebrate with stuff off the Malibu Science is the game and it's all mathematical Pearl white Porche, licence plate "radical" It's real when the fedaral-ies in Cali get mad at you forget that, Lox from the block want the shit back And I was in the first place, feeling the hit backs [Jadakiss] Let me get back like Jada, more 'rabs than 3-ey-doe get the potatoe and clap at niggas in brod day-do You know the flow, where it come from and where it go or where it's gonna be at, that's where we at I touch you if you think I'm jiggy with the Puff, move and still sellin' forty-thousand a week so Fuck You! Three niggas you dont want none of make your insides Feel like the summer you gettin' Dumber & Dumber While we get smarter and smarter, makin' shit harder and harder Til this rap games like the Carter I'm Nino, Styles is raw steemed from casinos And Sheek is the boss of the Hennisey gambino We talking millions, you talking C-notes you used to stash dope in a sea coach, couldn't play sweet though You know the Kiss, on the low in the mist Blowin' roach and sipping Red Ally and Moe with a bitch When my niggas'll flip, see how cute you look, In the box with the suit on like you used to look Hard body with a purple faced future look Future crook, the same nigga who's boots I took Juliani aint a motherfuckin' joke You got mad niggas broke, alot of niggas gettin' that coke When they bring it to the lab is it sold to the slab First felony, you still gettin' four and a half [End] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. f/ Mase Album: Money, Power and Respect 12" Song: If You Want It You Can Get It Typed by: KIDK777@aol.com STYLES PANIRO What sense does it make to talk and not listen shine eye glisten, BMZ 3 automatic ignition Ice on wrist and an Armani safari suit, when I'm fishin' GoodFella tradition, ring the my thing is the six double o, deep dishin' You never seen a thug with a sallary trying to get fat like callories, open art galleries No love lost and, how you think it feels gettin' dumped in the coffin you'd rather be flossin' Remember one rule, get the money that's important share with your people, if you don't, take caution L.O.X. keeps it real so we share every fortune all about dinero so make another zero Runnin' from the cops in the iced out Carrero Don Styles, good fella Paniro Chorus: If you want it, we can do it,  take your time, do it right, we can do it baaaby  (We them niggaz that you niggaz be talkin about),  get that money right! 2X JADAKISS When it comes to this money niggaz, you can bet I'm all in it the rocks on my neck be briguette almond Always on the job so I never call in while y'all playa hate I'ma keep ballin' There's too much cream to be countin' in the glass house with the Greek fountain, on the mountain Don't get it twisted, 914 is where I'm listed the cat with the Corleone Christmas Iced out wrists' poppin' the cork, on the Crists' toastin' champagne with my misses Did you imagine me, in the new E- class Benz with the laser cut key Then we leave the gats with the lady down the hall 'cause only real niggaz stash they money in the wall We here now, so if you love it prepare now twenty deep up in the club havin' you stared down Chorus MA$E When you a GoodFella, you get cheddar for your work rock Versace leather shirts, when you dead a girl it hurts I flowed around the world with a mean golden girl throat full of pearls drinkin' Mo' until she hurls I need a hundred mo' 'cause I got a ton of hoes that lay up in bungalos with sexy under clothes This your last waring, remember you've been told nothin' less than the S Benz when we roll I rock the latest gators, with the tennis sole all expensive clothes, suits from Kenneth Cole Now I'm that GoodFella everybody wanna meet every girl I meet spends two weeks in boutiques We can do whatever my whole team got cheddar fromt the bar to the telly Jaguar with the celly Suits from Perry Ellis, got niggaz jealous what they tryin' to tell us, we the GoodFellas Chorus SHEEK LUCHION Can't nothin' come between me from gettin' my cheddar don't talk me to death, you just a side better So you ain't gonna talk to me, the way you do 'cause for that paper, we ain't gonna play with you I know the broke feeling, tryin' to make a million while Popo watchin' me, my click'll make a killing 'Cause you that type of nigga that don't wanna see me rich you scared I'm gonna get money and be goin' up in yo bitch And even when we at the Mirage, I'm on my job come out the garage dipped out in camoflage Ready to work, for that cheddar you'll get hurt layin' face down with your head in the dirt And for that pasta, who gonna stop us I'm Sheek Luch the mobster, and not even the coppers can knock us It's all real, you think not I'm just another link in the L.O.X. before you blink you'll get dropped. Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juelz Santana Album: Nike Basketball Second Coming Commercial (TV or nikebasketball.com) Song: Nike Basketball Second Coming Commercial Typed by: Immaqulate@gmail.com They say a family that plays together, stays together And one that falls apart just falls apart So, together we stand, divided we fall United we form Voltron and take on ball (lets move) Yes, the birds left the nest I'm all grown up, I gotta fly with the rest (un-huh) Best of the best is what we strive to be A legacy is what we trying to leave (ya dig) Now say goodbye to the past The future is here, at last (at last) The second coming, the new beginning The truth is speaking, you should listen (listen) So glorious, victorious We take what we want, we born warriors Artist: Styles P Album: NYC 12" Song: NYC Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Sounds Society, Poobs, Ghost, a lil' homage to New York rap I know I missed a couple of y'all I got ya next one [Verse One] I'm gettin high with my fam Ron Bitch you 'gon suck it or not?! I'm like Cam'ron (Huh!?) 'Cause I'm ballin like Jones is Bandana like Santana, where the zone is (AY!!) Niggas lucky I ain't flip yet (LUCKY!) I'm on my shit like DipSet (DIPSET! DIPSET!) And I ain't rich like 50, but I know Many Men that really wanna hit me (Many Men!) Top of New York like Yayo (G-G-G) Start it up like Banks do Yeah I shoot you or shank you (I'll shoot you!) And then after that thank you (Thank you bruh!!!) Terror Squad like Joe Crack (TS!!!) Hit you with a pack and you better bring that dope back!!! (You better bring that dope back!) It's Flipmode like Busta (FLIPMODE!) Light the Spliff one minute before I cut ya I ride and get high to N-Y-C (Ride!) The illest competition the flyest colleagues (ILL!!!) I was born here so why would I leave?! (Why?) The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's (Birth!) I ride and get high to N-Y-C (Ride!) The illest competition the flyest colleagues (ILL!!!) I was born here so why would I leave?! (Why?) The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's (Mecca!) [Verse Two] Let's have a Minaj like Nicki, you know I get Red like Cafe (I Get Red!) Gotta a Uncle that'll Murda and, all he do is play B.I.G. and the Last Dayz And Let It Fly like Maino (Let It Fly!) Lil' nigga I'll make you drink Draino (DRINK THAT!!!) I got Gunz like Corey, Godson with Fred but that's another story (That's another story) Cocaine City like Frenchy, Polo head, like Vado Hell like Rell, wavy like Biggavell (Wavy) Back on the Ave when I used to move them bottles Anything to keep them lights on (Anything!) Do a stretch, comin back, just like Mysonne If I know you I never heard of you (Either or?!) Cause I'm like Mook I'll Murda you I ride and get high to N-Y-C The illest competition the flyest colleagues I was born here so why would I leave?!  The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's I ride and get high to N-Y-C The illest competition the flyest colleagues  I was born here so why would I leave?! The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's  [Verse Three] I'm ill like Frank White, Nas, Jay-Z, Rae and Ghostface (I'M ILL) The Whole Wu-Tang, Black Rob and the old Mase CNN, M.O.P, Mobb Deep too, or whatever whatever nigga when I.C.U (WHATEVER NIGGA!) Fabolous, like Loso, like Ortiz Yo Yaaowa when you see Po' Po' Whattup now Y-O to Bucktown, I get it in like my niggas that's on Bucktown I got it in when McGruff was runnin Uptown (Uh Huh) Or Big L, light a big L, lifestyle's mob style know what the kids sell (Know that!) The metal might part your chest from the ghetto with Sheek and Jada and Dark Man X (YONKERS!!!) Still Conscious like Kweli and Mos Def (CONSCIOUS) A Kool G., no movie run the city like Diddy and I'm fly go ask Groovy I ride and get high to N-Y-C The illest competition the flyest colleagues I was born here so why would I leave?!  The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's I ride and get high to N-Y-C The illest competition the flyest colleagues  I was born here so why would I leave?! The mecca pf rap birth the God MC's  [Outro] Friend or foe, competition or colleague, I salute ya niggas, I love this city I know it's alot of niggas I missed, I'll get you on another one though I just wanna salute where I'm from Ride to this shit! Light a blunt to yout shit nigga! I ain't forget all you old school niggas neither man I salute y'all I came up on y'all I got ya on another, another one too you know Fuck..I'm out.......... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: L.O.X. (Styles & Jadakiss) Album: Oz Soundtrack Song: Some Niggas Typed by: vel456@hotmail.com (Jadakiss) Spittin the real for all my niggas in prison Whether twenty-five to life or skid biddin Should've restrained, some of us change and some of us don't Most of them kill but some of them won't Niggas is big, niggas is small, but all of them brawl It could happen during rec or while you makin a call One T.V. for the Ricans, other one for the Blacks Only cowards get son'ed for the jack Only cowards get talked to greasy and be mumblin back But me, I grab the banger, I don't care about size Hope the whole block watch when I tear out your eyes C/O pullin the pin, turtles is comin But before I hit the box dog, I'm murderin somethin Thick is thick, frail is frail Make sure that my name ring bells wheneva I'm in jail It's the belly of the beast, bottom of hell (Chorus) Some niggas make it home and some niggas stay for life Some niggas grind wit swords and some niggas find in Christ Some niggas live for peace and some niggas live for rec You can even stay on the humble or you can have a fight till the death (Styles) Five ????? two-hundred And too blunted for the bullshit Comin through the yard on some bullshit Call my girl collect, she ain't accept Left my man wit ten birds, he ain't connect Everybody actin funny, like I ain't comin home My laywer is Jewish, my money is long You know that it's on Two cells down, got cut in the back Fucked in the shower for hustling crack This shit is for real, you grippin your steel Weighin the odds, you King or you Crip Blood or you God, Muslin or neutral A buck-fifty is real, but a body is crucial Cause jail turn boys to men, some men to bitches This the place where they end your wishes Ain't no more pussy or money Just some crackers and the bunch of coward niggas that'll look at you funny I should've ??? and book em and took a few dummies Chorus (Styles) Nobody wanna die in jail Wit they blood and they guts all around they cell Only two ways to live, ride or tell I ain't never say a word, Mafia rules You know the P go to commissary, rockin his jewels New Nikes and a walkman, lookin for news To bring weed in they ass, chills got me stressed  and I'm thinking those days I used to breeze on the Ave Poppin in the Benz, now I'm in the state  and I'm locking up at 10, wakin up at 8 Twenty sets of tens then I take it to the weights Niggas getting big, if I can't appeal, I'ma bring it to the pigs Grab the ice pick and bring it to they ribs Leave em wit a scare, from they belly to the jibs I know I'm gonna die but I still gonna ride and blame God that I live Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Predator is Back 12" Song: Predator is Back Typed by: shortyz_sk8er7@yahoo.com Nightmares, hearing a hundred voices Out on bail--moved right, son is cautious Thinkin bout the dealer, still owe me 100 horses Give a fuck, as long as I leave my son a fortune Uh huh, ahead of the pack--the predator's back And I just got off PC again, better relax Chea, the chron I puff might cause a harsh statement to come out of my mouth like DON IMUS Aint shit funny cuz for real  cuz I can have ya head in da same duffle bag that the money was From the hood life to the good life Still can get the whole thing for a good price What you doing tho gon get you killed or a bid Pop in ya favorite movie, you can picture how I live Soon as you die, know they got a scripture for you kid But it aint gon say nuttin bout the bitchin that you did My type of fun will annoy them Death by electricution or either poison Life is a movie, its just how you play ya part Alot of niggaz got a mouth, but I got a heart Focus on the channellin, 1 way or another I'ma handle it Even if I gotta get ya 'nana hit And as much as I love women and kids The art of war is what it is--SERIOUS BIZ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Jadakiss f/ Styles P Album:	Problem Child 12" Song:	Problem Child Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist "Why can't you be man enough" Yeahh, "Tell me where, you coming from" [Jadakiss] Can't really figure this clown out Where's he from? Jamaica, Queens, Cali or down South I could let a LA gun hit him But grapestreet already told me you pay him to run with him I could let a New York knife poke him with one of my throaways But I don't want to see no cops smoke him Somebody tell Paul we ridin And get ready to auction off the car he die in eBay Never we bump heads, since you like havin people with you Get you a hospital with bunk beds Without Dr. Dre, you would just make slow jams Come up out of that witness protection program Hov don't really respect you, get in your place If BIG was alive, he'd probably spit in your face Nas was doing just fine without you And Pac probably would've made an album about you So I guess that just leaves me here to get rid of you And Rakim and them, they don't even consider you EM kno you ain't got nothing for Jada And I know he appreciates all the money you made him It's two thousand-five, nobody fights fair I just know an instrumental's your worst nighmare But you tough and you bad, too bad, you mad Probably been in your own hood more than you had Yeah you sold more records than me But in the streets you gon' always be second to me We was damn near feelin you Even though your career's based on somebody damn near killin you Shit you be doing ain't even considered rapping to us This is probably the best thing that happened to us The best wanksta, internet gangsta Magazine mobster, shit on your whole roster Get ready to say hail marrys and all fathers Get out your black suits and hard bottoms And don't worry, I got him He ain't a problem child, just a child with a problem "Why can't you be man enough" We love you nigga oh-five, "Tell me where, you coming from" [Styles P] D-Block, don't think it nigga Take a piss in your Formula 50, drink it nigga Get shot out the Reeboks nigga Got shot and ain't shoot none back, you'se a biatch nigga If I would've got shot on grandma's stoop I would've asked somone to grab my duke, right In the streets they say, 50 who shot ya Named three niggaz soon as he came out the doctor And you far from a gangsta nigga You was talkin 'bout yourself when you made "Wanksta" nigga Listen, why work out, cock guns on the DVD Run around with cops from homicide and TNT Nigga you can suck my dick Come around without cops, shit's on, you gon' get touched quick Cuz, I was at the VIBE when it jumped off Put fifty grand up, and pussy you ain't even lift a hand up Your man stabbed somethin, at least grab somethin But besides that, I ain't seen nobody man up Shit, what the plot is about Cuz you know that, you don't need a dentist to get shot in the mouth And the hood hate yo shit, but you hot in the south Is the crackers that buy the album, what's the plottin about "Many Men" make a wish, but we ain't many men So you gon' get death when we let the semi spit "Why can't you be man enough" "Tell me where, you coming from" 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ras Kass f/ Sauce Money, Sheek Louch Album: Ras Kass Presents: Re-Up The Compilation Song: 3 the Best Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Intro)(Sauce Money + Ras Kass + Sheek Louch) (S) What we going to do right we going to start this mother fucker of in brooklyn best style you heard me (R) (Sauce mother fuckin) (S) Then I am going to past it to my nigga and we going to swing over to the y.o. you know (R)(SL) (Ruff ryder style)(Sheek Louch) (S) Then we going to pass it to my other nigga and we going to do it west side style you know (R) (West side) [Verse One: Sauce Money] I spit solely for the guacemole Come through and make a rapper do a back flip rock a rolly and Reach for my glock slowly if you try to interfere on how I stack chips I take chicks to the tele just a happy fan Now she wanna get a glimpse of my magic hand She said she like the way it stretch out like plastic man Sauce money tell me where would you have it land Told shorty look I got to get back to my grands Hurry up I am in the rush like jackie chan Married woman, single or engaged, hood rats still got them to creep Now we rock them to sleep Because we got the best songs that pesese charm Besides if you tricky you just chance head strong Rappers better respect dawns and ex-cons and keep your vest on this is how we speak with teflon [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Aiyyo it's Sheek Louch nigga and I will pop till y'all gone Only thing I knew niggaz popped and it's gone And y'all might pop shit but that's about it What you know about guns that come out my sleeve And bullets that fly around your head like bee's That will hit you and leave holes the size of pee's jes When I flow it's like tae-kwon-doe On some do-jo and it just a hobby How fuck Daniel-san going to beat Mr. Miyagi Wax on wax off with a knock out or better I leave three threw the e of your enyce sweater What pop shit and I am first day delivery Straight threw your chest pope on your block In a big brown truck like I am ups And I don't know about y'all that re-up real small You don't spend more then a thousand at the mall If you owe sheek pay me I don't care how you hit me It don't race me if your car don't cost more then fifty I'm that cat that threatens on y'all mc's With a devil flow that will pop your rosary beeds I from where bitches that know about cooking up coke Bring ever gram back and keep heat by the twat That will blend in perfect in a deminacan spot Now it's me that nigga that shine like glitter And I must say dogg I am a hell of a spitter We finish things y'all hell of a quiters [Verse Three: Ras Kass] I spit from the genitals bitch, leave 'em masculine skinch Got niggaz panackin, petro and penanican flinch Grew a mechanical inch the root of all evil Green theft and green spray with a tech but we can't all eat thow Cause y'all fethal, we run lethal, homicide victims of a fed fax and pete gold Sugar nobody is ever equal [why] cause the more we make the more we taking from other people Livin in puerto rico padarin LAX to JFK At baggage claim with three hoes like Santa's day My third eye be the equivilant to the album red pie so I give you a piece of my mind, just multiply times infinite Spiritual elevate so I high commite drive bye's while I sky dive Sip on my time perform shit only concieved in sci-fi so why try test It's boom bye bye Mr. Ice real guy You must have been looking some where else like biggie smalls lazy eye Pop sicker then your average Acquired Immune Deficiency Symdrome infected fast [Chorus: Sheek Louch] We don't care where your from nigga east or west And we don't care what you wear we don't aim for the vest It's lox, sauce and Ras Kass three of the best Only niggaz with money we don't fuck with the rest We don't care where your from nigga east or west And we don't care what you wear we don't aim for the vest It's lox, sauce and Ras Kass three of the best Only niggaz with money we don't fuck with the rest ya heard [Ras Kass] It's like that nigga and it's always gonna be like that so you peeon as niggaz I got a new word for you y'all niggaz boon walk that mean beat it backwards Fuck out of here nigga the matrix Sheek Louch my nigga Sauce Money Ras Kass Blaze sky walker nigga the matrix get the fuck out of here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Red Star Sounds Volume 2 B-Side Song: Good Times (Remix) Typed by: eloncto@frontiernet.net [Redman] Killa House Brick City Style P. When Funk Doc start takin' the drag It's like who in the hell let this ape in the lab breaking the glass bong I'm swinging harder than Cassius swung The only kid with a Velcro, fabric thump Neva! dropin' the blunt 2 for fire rollin' 89 in the bricks is 15 and growin' Gilla House fam, you know what it mean It mean your cipher ain't fuckin' with the lord of the ring Dig it! I pack your pipe with nothin' but bomb It roll on, like the Power Stripe under your arm Hold On, En Vogue Massive endo, I'm breakin' your dress code I ain't rockin' kinda-gos I just came to get high with Styles And lock my, block like D with wider vowels I'm talking about A, E, I, O, U My skills already have niggas pressed, fuck an interview [HOOK] "I get high - high - high - high" (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory" (All the time) "HIGH on your memory..." (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get high - high - high - high" (All the time) "I get high - high - high - high" (*laughing*) "High-ighhhhhhh..." [Styles] I'ma blow it if it's sticky kid (what up!) I smoke mayonnaise jars full of green like Biggie did My pens my cigar, my bars be serious You can't fuck wit me dawg, point blank period I get high and hallucinate A pound cost 6 in New York But its half in Miami, nigga move your weight My dimes be 1 point O's, 20's be 2 point 2's Bring a snack and some fruit punch too And you know I [*inhaling smoke*] the purple stuff I'm so high that I can piss on a cloud And make a bird look up Smokin' haze in the Hummer while the bird look up Gettin' high wit the hammer so the bird shook up I get high like Doc and Meth And "Let the Monkeys Out" So I can "Bring the Pain" while I pop ya chest It's D-Block when the bastards repin' (D-Block) All I need is a lighter and some haze with a master collection What [HOOK] [Method Man] Okay Who y'all know smoke more herb than Tical Hit up a weed spot then off to the D-Block to smoke it with Styles I fight my way up out the detox Who smoke a slip But he don't need block, just buds and cumulus clouds Pull up your Rebox This kid has gone Madd, Rapper like D-Dot I got trees, but I'm tryin' to smoke what little he got If not these niggas then who (Son tell me who) Burn a leaf and get it Hot in Herre, like Nelly do I get high, like Mary J. is all that I need to gets by Stay red eye, no need to get fly I get a rush (RUSH) when I'm rollin' 'em up The other day I saw signs in the theater Kids was throwin' 'em up I get high, high, high Every day I get high Yeah I get high, high, high And every night I get high Yeah I get high, high, high Mr. Meth I get high Yeah (Yeah) yeah I get high, high, high With Styles P. I get High-ighhhhhhh [HOOK] [Styles] I am the Ghost Flow with me (*laughs*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Reebok Allen Iverson Commercial (TV, or www.RBK.com) Song: Reebok Allen Iverson Commercial Typed by: ao2k3@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] Ugh Yo check 'em out, its the new A5's you gotta rock em They even put a zone in the league to try to stop him He's the Answer and the problem, you don't want it with The way that boy go to the hole and take punishment The young boss of the cross for four quarters And from three point land, he's all water Matter fact, call him the king The way he breaks down the defense Its like he got the ball on a string And he will blow by you fast Penetrate and dish it off Or let it go high off the glass, ugh All you need is a pair of these, nuttin else Ya hesitation is stoppin, poppa we sumthin else Trackmasters and J-to-da-Muah I keep an extra pair in my car In case ya wanna take it to the park, high percentage I'ma make it from the arc, take it from the heart Hehe, this is Kiss talkin to you, the A5 limited edition Reebok brought em to you Even on the court we stay fly, Jada and A.I. Make sure you go get the A5's Even on the court we stay fly, Jada and A.I. Make sure you go get the A5's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Allen Iverson Album: Reebok Allen Iverson Commercial (TV, or www.RBK.com) Song: Reebok Allen Iverson Commercial (Part Two) Typed by: dirtyhead_1@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Remix [Jadakiss] Hey yo Part 2 AI and Jadakiss presenting the A6 from the wrist Can tell it's a straight swish Now I'm the problem and he's the Answer Soon as you try to guard up you ain't got a chance to stop it Any given time he can pop it The Reebok A6 is hot go cop it! [Allen Iverson] For 2K3 I rock the A6 my new kicks Take a few hits, it ain't nothin I'm used to it Tryin' to build a team I'm the player ya need Heart like Willis Reed top thief and scorer in the league [Jadakiss] There's no way to disguise your dream Besides family the only thing on his mind now is a ring. He got love for the game his start was huge And you seen him play hurt cause he has heart is huge Six foot 165 call Iso anytime he want he'll split your 5 He play to win he don't play for stats Brought the hood to the game, and they love him for the braids and tats Yeah Trackmasters AI and Jadakiss Make sure you go out and get a pair of the A6! [HOOK] Part 2 AI and Jadakiss presenting the A6 It's all fundamental and basics Part 2 AI and Jadakiss presenting the A6 It's all fundamental and basics The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Dope Money Typed by: NasEsco743@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What, what? (This goes out to the general public) Yo.. you over there Styles? - Yeah dog (Anybody sleepin on us) Second album nigga - two guns up nigga Real L.O.X. - blaze! "We Are the Streets" nigga, y'all know who the best (C'mon) Fuck y'all niggas wanna do - what, what? (Let's go) [Verse One] Couldn't live the life I live (yo why's that) I could die any minute, I get high every minute Fuckin with snake niggas, and sleepin with foul bitches Came through in the latest whip with two pounds in it Pull over where the hustlers be (and why's that) Cause I get chills when you talk of hustlin ki's So I'm always where the powder be at (what it mean) I can blow five bricks to ten in an hour if that Stay away from where the cowards be at (why's that) Time is money god, and you can't get an hour back Or I would do it again to get the power back Have Godfather status, make niggas bow to that You could all shine and glitter and keep the ones Fives and tens, for twenties and up, we dummy it up Make a lot of money, look bummy and what Cause money aint shit, respect is everything So if I kill niggas dead, don't ask me shit I smoke blunts to the head, so don't pass me shit I'd rather die from a bullet, than a nasty bitch They say the good die young, all that mean to me  is that the hood die young, we call it the last days What you know about coppin a house to fight pits in Or blowin weed smoke on the cops that write tickets Henny iy up, shit we can semi it up Have a picture of you on the wall, 'In Memory Of' Stay in sync with the hood, gray minks with the hood We tryin' to get money like chinks in the hood They ask me how I'm doing now - I tell 'em better than them And if your man front - he can get eleven in him And if you told them once - then you better tell him again Ay yo, now let's see Who you know fuckin with Sheek Luc, Jadakiss, and S.P. Chorus: The L.O.X. From dope money to rap money, back to dope money (C'mon) From loaded guns to empty ones, over dope money (Let's go) We got the car house and the smoke, with the dope money (C'mon) All my niggas that died, over dope money (Let's go) Bust your nine niggas, side by side niggas (C'mon) If we get the RICO law, we go run and hide niggas (Let's go) Death is the only thing that might divide niggas (C'mon) So don't fuck around with them Ryde or Die niggas (Let's go) [Verse Two] Basically speakin, all I know your face will be leakin I rap full time and still pump bass on the weekend A nigga hoppin all over the map - and what you learned				 That niggas with long paper take longer to crack That's why every chance I buy me a gat Why you rather buy you a chain - I aim at your brain Nigga, robbery is all we know, so how we gon go broke when we could always take all y'all dough And then fly out to Cuba and get in the coke fields Die off the buddha, fifty with fifty mill Bring drama cause Gianconna got Kennedy killed If you come through in a jet, then you frontin to us Cause when the coke price was up - it was nuthin to us We got blocks full of heroin - weed and dust Seen bullets pop off - cause of greed and lust And when the big dogs die - who gon feed the pups My niggas is here, so you know the circle is tight I circle the block, and cut off the lights - pray to Christ And when the cops come, we don't care, we got shotguns And niggas with the most ice, get the hot ones Stay on your job, nigga I'ma stay on mine And if I lose my voice nigga, I'ma flow online And by next year, we should have a thousand guns Nigga Ruff Ryde, Ryde or Die Volume One Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Kiss of Death Typed by: DMX412@hotmail.com AHH!! [Jadakiss] They tryin-they comin' for my head po (uh) They're tryin' to put pressure on a nigga Huh, short notice (uh-huh) Got sumpin' for them niggaz though (uh-huh) Yo [Verse 1] I'm like the Dow Jones of rap, my stocks is high And it never was all of, so stop the lies Mothafuckas'll blow your brains out, and watch you bleed The same niggaz that you trust, let 'em watch your seed You got a dead niggaz, money don't stop the greed That's why now I gotta rock my vest, pop my 3 And whoever die first, may god forgive the nigga who lives, sometimes you gotta handle your biz To my niggaz when I die, keep inhalin' the lye And come to my wake high, when your tellin' me bye What goes around comes around, am I comin' or goin'? All i'm tryin' to do is leave you numb, gunnin' or flowin' I might cock-back the gauge, and start shootin' at 'cha people I'm lookin for the devil 'cuz money's the root of evil And 'Kiss won't be happy 'til my bezel look see-thru Until I flood N-Y with pediquo and diesle Catch me with the top, off my whip Bust my gun while it's still tucked so you could hop, off my dick I run with a few parolees, all thieves, that rocks ice Blue pacholies and rolies At the mob meetin', keep quite when the God speakin' Squeeze my joint, 'til my mothafuckin' palm squeakin' And nevermind who the lox'll sign to (that's right) What difference do it make nigga? Just listen to the tape nigga (c'mon) Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die (uh) Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry (uh-huh) Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes (yeah) Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes (uh) Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block (uh-huh) Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop (tell 'em) Everthing you get (uh-huh), you really don't expect (naw) 'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death [Verse 2] Yeah, Yo, Yo I wanna know, is the promise land heaven or hell? 'Cuz the niggaz that made promises, most of them fell If you hungry, then I got some niggaz servin' the shells With no sauce, and they silver, only take one to kill you It's a small world, so you better guard your secrets And it's easy to get money, but it's hard to keep it Never was the one that like to hound no bitch All I do is try to keep niggaz around me rich Screw all-a-y'all cowards, I consider you lames Had to save my lunch money just to get in the game That was back when I used-ta have a mean back-spin And no mack-10, it was just bats then U know, beat a nigga down, take his rope Now we-a, heat a nigga down, take his coke And you can call me if you wanna bye them thangs I get 'em half-price 'cuz papi know my name Call me, Jay to the mmwwaa And everything you got in your livin room, I got in my car 'Cept for the bar I try to put a little money away 'Cuz you know they say, tommorrow ain't promised today Either bubblin' or strugglin', nuttin between Or have a grimie nigga like me, fuckin' ya Queen And the Kiss only do shit with niggaz I know (that's right) And the outside nigga can't fuck up my flow (c'mon) Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop Everthing you get, you really don't expect 'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death Uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Drag-On, Eve, The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume One Song: Ryde or Die  Typed by: Exx1@aol.com [Sheek] Yo if gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed And if you gon' crack a nigga, might as well be a head Cause if you targettin the L.O.X. You might as as well target a box That you gon' sleep in for years, all covered wit rocks Cause I think not, I pop shots, I double what y'all got Ya hotshots aint got blocks, ya punta muchacha From the days in school, now a motherfucker rule And I could drop my chain in court, yeah, keeps ya cool That's how ice be, I'm priceless, the iciest And I dont gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly shit, punk The baby nine be on the daily, aint no poppin a trunk But if I pop the trunk, its to hand you a rag So you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag Must I brag? My shit paid for, yours tagged And every bitch you grabbed, Sheek bend em back [Jadakiss] Ayo I hope you aint tongue-kissin your spouse Cause I be fuckin her in the mouth Type of nigga buck at your house Too slick, means she be suckin my dick And before you know it, I'ma have her stuffin my bricks Jada, if I kiss you now, you'll die later I been nice since niggaz was watchin movies on Beta Ready to clap, everybody givin me gats Cause believe it or not, we be the ones settin the traps You listen to y'all shit, then listen to our shit Ain't nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip That's the reason now y'all niggaz ain't got shit Cause everytime I turn around y'all on the L.O.X. dick Niggaz thats narrow, I just smack em wit the barrel Give it to em at the light, like Kane's cousin Harold Chorus: repeat 4X The Ruff Ryders! (What?) The Ruff Ryders [Styles] Fuck you and your son, y'all low wit the scum Show me the money, I'll show you a gun, motherfucker SP'll spin the corner while you parle' with dun I clap you, I clap him, and thats rule number one Suckin my dick, and I dont give a fuck what you spit Who you are, where you from, and who the fuck you can get Cause I sell records, plus I got a jail record Y'all niggaz ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons And even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it A nigga that'll smack ya, fuck around and clap ya Styles P., your favorite rapper's favorite rapper [Eve] Aint no surprise niggaz, only fuck wit recognized niggaz Babygirl want the world, gave ya pies niggaz No tops, take em in all shape and size niggaz No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggaz What? What you want? cutey starin at me like "Damn, where you from?" You be comin at me like "Can I get some?" Lick your lips for this brown sugar Suck mine like a thumb, if you want, til I come, uh -Chorus- [Drag-On] I be the D-R, A-G, dash O-N, slash often Comma, burnin niggas often They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin Keep the block roastin Light a dutch wit the flames comin, toastin In my eyes you could see what summer's holdin Realizin, every guy I'll fry or dead rowdy I burn to a degree of 130, and my gun dirty Cause it got one bury, so you better run, hurry Or catch one early You wrong, tryin to touch me, what type of shit you on?  You better through your boots on and your unflammable suits on Cause I'm comin through wit a Yukon Black tinted wit gats in it Catch you while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it But only half of it, cause y'all like half-ass dude And we are one whole, and y'all niggaz is one slash two My gun blast you, tryna out the flames, what're you, firemen? You'll catch a hell of a backdraft cause my fire retirin, aight then [DMX] Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water Everyday I show another how a I love a slaughter Flood your daughter, full of more holes than spurges Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches Wit these, I shoot the breeze, and extort Enough keys from the Cuban, to build a fuckin fort Caught up in somethin that I cant control Tryna get a hold of a bankroll, let's role Catch bodies like a cold, and I stay slick so face it Make me chase it, I take your life and erase it Waste it, in the fuckin streets cause it ain't worth shit The undertaker take your ass under the earth quick, I Love money, but the scrambles hot So i snatch up my man and the gamblin spot Twenty grand is got, one niggaz shot, one nigga less What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fuckin vest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman, Method Man, and Sheek Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: 2 Tears in a Bucket Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com Uhh, hahah, Ruff Ryders niggaz (all my niggaz) (All aboard!) Blood in blood out Funk Doc, Sheek Luc', Meth-Tical (whattup niggaz?) Yo, yo, aiyyo yo [Sheek] Soon as I cop the nine, I pop the nine When I take it out the box, I represent LOX Now when I flow, you hit the rewind button So I charge out more, want it all at the door Fuck heat, Sheek walk around with an oven Who you gonna kill with that little Foreman grill? How its gon' look when I come through your block? Sheek, Funk Doc, Meth on top Porsche, 300 horse fly by Back open pumpin "How High?" (How High) Yeah, can y'all see that (See that)  Bitch you can call me what you want, 'cuz "I'll Be Dat" (Be dat) Get off my dick, I don't care about no jewels Long as the condo's paid and the truck I choose I'm tellin y'all niggas, if its not double R I'ma spell my name out on the side of your car Come and Ruff Ryde with us If you wanna get high with us If you wanna get down with us Come on nooooowwwww Come and Ruff Ryde with us If you wanna get high with us If you wanna get down with us Come on nooooowwwww [Redman] I got a twin cam exhaust connected to the jaw A five speed clutch on my paw when I write I glow like the pegs in Lite-Brite 3000 volts of lightning when you fly the right kite Me and Meth be Hennessy, two ice cubes We can draw (choose your weapons) or do I choose? When I choose the grip, one shot lose your hip I hope your shoes fit for this move and pick I avalanche your camp with, ten feet of snow I'm cold blooded, my fam half-eskimo My flows move like indo; turn ten nickels to ten loads, outta ten sto's Ride the crash course, do the math on it Swizz Beats you can ride Amtrak on it But I'm on it, grillin with George Foreman Ya peeps is at the Grammy Awards cornin The ice, the fat wallet son, I want it And the helicopter warmin before mornin Def Jam nigga, Redman nigga Got - "fuck ya momma" on my sweat band nigga You tough guys'll get smacked in the club COme with the gun I bought from Mack in the club Its P-P-P from Bricks to Brook-nam (C'mon) (C'mon) Bring me some more ass to whoop on [Method Man] Look what the cat dragged in Underground dweller from the cellar bring terror Scoop of high yellow Cinderella, Meth forever Never rush a rhyme, hook could never bust my nine But if I have to, I have to, it's all in the mind I stay ahead of time while y'all fallin behind Tryin to relight ya lime It's a crime when I drop bomb lines designed to tick, tick, BOOM blow your mind Yeah me, M-E-T, H, the O, the D Can't be done, like tryin to find a penny in the sea Nigga run, for cover son go and get them guns Y'all ain't from here, don't try to come around here gettin ones Swizz Beat the track in the head, but I instead pull my dart gun and bust sixteen until it's dead I'm the game, all of my dogs be off the chain Yellin Wu.. Tang, Wu.. Tang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: Go Head Typed by: bosky31@aol.com (Styles) Ruff Ryder Nigga, Volume 2 We show niggas the meaning of ryde or die So all that bullshit you talking, go head nigga (Jadakiss) You don't gotta slap me five or give me a hug  And it hurts when you gotta kill a nigga you love But I'm gone deal wit my enemies sooner Cause I got'em looking for my solo album like Kennedy Jr. Fuck crush ice, go head and get your shine on I'm bout to cop rocks that y'all niggas can climb on Don't worry bout why I ain't got mine on I want some new shit, I don't want nothing that you can tell time on Things ain't all good right now  Cause some more niggas die an turn all you in the hood right now Y'all can stop acting like that nigga J gone squeeze Cause all I got is misdeameanors and some ACD's Y'all gon make me lay something down I promise And Puff wear scarmas and listen to Carl Thomas Fuck runnin and hidin, we copping more guns An we coming outside cause somebody gotta die (Chorus) Go head you know we getting plenty of Dough Go head you know we lighting plenty of dro Go head you know we coming from Y-O Go head truly though Go head really though Go Head you know we hitting plenty of hos Go head you know we ripping plenty of shows Go head you know we coming from Y-O Go head truly though Go head really though (Sheek) Now I warned y'all niggas that Sheek was the one Now I'm warning y'all niggas that I got my gun Read' to kill, don't worry bout no doctor bill It ain't gone be one of those, just yo' casket closed LOX, nah you rather fuck wit the cops cause I'll pop and turn y'all like the optimum box Mo pay-per-view, this trey-eight will do some'in ugly and let the morgue zip up your crew Wanna hope on our dicks and go Willie yo bikes and wear Ruff Ryder tees, motherfucker please You a Pocanos nigga, why don't you stick to the skis And I don't hear a nigga raps no more So I don't bother to go in the store an cop y'all shit Only time I cop y'all shit if Lox on it I shoot you in yo mouth ain't no calling the cops I want my shit back like Castro and Elian's pop Chorus  (Styles) I'm always that, I'm always this But the floor stay nasty like hallway piss If you here the P spitting it's a deep ass song When I die mama bury me wit street clothes on Cause drama be the threapy, the beef goes on should've been speaking out of it makes it a lot But I was fucking wit the savages, kicking the drop Live for the money, die for my niggas, run from the law Catch me smoking my weed or fucking your whore Push my whip to the limit kind of hoping it flip Throw my clip to the tip kind of hoping you flip I feel sorry for the crackheads, but happy for myself So I got mixed feelings about this hussling shit I keep saying I'm gone quit after a couple of bricks But I can't stop building and I don't pop children But I got no problem kidnapping a bitch Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve and Jadakiss Album: Ruff Ryders * Volume 2 Song: Got it All * Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * first single [Eve] Come on, huh Come on, yo, yo, yo Some people blond peeps, red banjies Some are moving quickly, outta town How they gonna find her moving swiftly? Five steps ahead of the best so that's nothing Twenty steps ahead of the rest they left stuck And in they face not, what not? I can't stand broads Ridiculous niggas practice for the title "hard" Me pick of the litter I was born to bubble y'all Born to change game shit born to stand guard Play games you left nameless, fame hard Promise that it's never painless Nigga be hard Convinced that you can take over the Eve Eat nigga let starve Strong as a stallion maiden You better dart Is she feminine with pretty women friends all dimes! Timberlands is how I like my men and all minds Rough ryde you niggas hard head, soft spine Pass the word Must have the stacks to cross lines Come on [Eve] Don't want your dough I don't want your car (Uh-uh) Don't want your jewels No not at all (Nope) With them other broads You might rule it all (Uh-huh) But not with me Sorry boo I got it all (Come on) [Eve](Jadakiss) Don't want your dough I don't want your car Don't want your jewels No not at all (Yeah right) With them other broads You might rule it all But not with me Sorry boo I got it all [Jadakiss] Yo a chick is a chick A nut is a nut And they always keep an attitude Till you butter 'em up Since I ain't gotta buy you stuff Who gon' hold you down If they try to run in here and tie you up Now don't start flippin' it Everybody know We've been had dough Y'all just start gettin' it Money might make you grown But you still need a dog to take you home And make you moan You ain't gotta see the bank for loans All I do is party and bullshit like when Frank was home And you got it all boo I got it all too A four, five, and a six and they all blue And I don't care what she think If I offered you any ice love it'll be in the drink And instead of talking 'bout what you got and all that Just make sure when I hit you that you call back Come on, uh-huh [Eve](Jadakiss) Don't want your dough (Uh-huh) I don't want your car (Yes you do) Don't want your jewels No not at all (Stop lying) With them other broads You might rule it all (Rule it all with you too) But not with me (Come on) Sorry boo I got it all Don't want your dough I don't want your car (Uh-huh, yeah right) Don't want your jewels No not at all (Yeah right) With them other broads You might rule it all (Rule it all with you too) But not with me Sorry boo I got it all [Eve] Yo, yo ay yo One touch will make a nigga blush on site Grown men create a crush, nails they bite It's a game try to catch me but only if you can It takes a lot to impress the bombshell to want a man And it ain't about your dough baby Eve alright Cause if Eve wanna fly away, Eve take a flight Eve hungry for a meal baby Eve get a bite You nice and you might get to see it daddy, tight [Jadakiss] Yo, yo, yo I'm glad that you got it all That's more for me And I ain't gotta pay for the puss I score for free And the same thing I pulled on them I pulled on you Come on now how you think I pulled your crew? Got my own crib so you can't kick me out I'll call one of your friends to come twist me out If you know Jada then you know what Kiss be 'bout Just for fun I hit the bank and pull fifty out, uh ah [Eve](Jadakiss) Don't want your dough (Uh-huh) I don't want your car (Yes you do) Don't want your jewels No not at all (Stop lying) With them other broads You might rule it all (Rule it all with you too) But not with me (Come on) Sorry boo I got it all (Come on) Don't want your dough I don't want your car (Uh-huh, yeah right) Don't want your jewels No not at all (Yeah right) With them other broads You might rule it all (Rule it all with you too) But not with me Sorry boo I got it all Don't want your dough (Uh-huh) I don't want your car (Yes you do) Don't want your jewels No not at all With them other broads You might rule it all But not with me Sorry boo I got it all [Jadakiss](Eve) (Come on) Yeah (Uh-uh) Yeah right (Uh-huh, come on) Uh (Uh-uh) Stop lying! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: Holiday Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Yeah L-O-X nigga It don't stop It keep goin, and goin, and goin, and goin Motherfuckers [Styles Paniro] You heard it from the P, you oughta know it's the truth I get you kidnapped and raped and thrown off a roof You could nod your head to this like it's only a rap cause when these bullets hit yo' ass I'm like it's only a gat I need a funeral to feel good, I'm hopin it's yours Think he religious? Heard he got shot in the cross Holiday Styles, bitch I broke most of the laws Fuck with the Porsche or flip to the boots, stick to the truth Do anything it takes just to get me this loot And missin a tooth, but both of 'em chipped, toaster is gripped You heard about the trouble, I start most of the shit When I squeeze aint no controllin the wrist And niggas leave the room when they hear the P flowin to Swizz I'm an ignorant and negative nigga I sell crack, bust guns, pop shit, and say I'm better than niggas You think not, I'll look at your man and level a nigga If you think a rapper's better why don't you give me his name So I can run up on him, tear him up and give you his frame When it comes to the streets, I'm the nigga to call Five eight and three quarters, but I'm bigger than y'all If I left the gun home, I'ma give you the sword I'm the devil in the flesh, I can't give you the Lord It don't make no sense for you to pray for your life I got my niggas in the crib, you oughta pray for your wife CHORUS: Jadakiss and Styles Jadakiss: Uh huh, HOLIDAY Styles: I gotta make it to heaven for goin through hell J: HOLIDAY S: And I don't care if I sell, y'all know what I sell J: HOLIDAY S: I use my left hand when I'm loadin the shells J: HOLIDAY S: Cuz I know it aint right, that's why I'm blowin a L [Styles Paniro] Yo.. I do it all for my niggas, even ride wit a bomb Get shot, die in his arm, and give him my last It's a million dollar bail, I'ma get it in cash I sell crack like it's '88, I live in the past You know the P carry the gun, live in the Maz' Tell niggas show me the money and gimme the stash I like Malibu and pineapple, fifties of hash Hundreds of 'dro, wear my clothes a week in a row Sleep on the floor, catch me right next to the dog I'm Holiday Styles, and that's what the weaponry for And I probably won't blow for the fact that I'm hard But I'm good with ten million in the back of the car Either that or get life and lift the rack in the yard Gettin jewels from the old timers, stashin the cards But jail aint part of the plans I keep weight on the scale cuz I feel I get further with grams In my last few bars, I run through niggas like my last few cars And crash 'em up, the boy mighta went platinum but don't gas him up I get his length and his width and get his casket cut I don't deal with the snakes and fakes But I deal with the comas and wakes, I don't make mistakes Double R now bitch you oughta know I'ma ghost Blow up your face, blow up the coke, and blow up the smoke CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Vol. 2 Song: My Name is Kiss Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Yo, yo, I know niggas wit honor and will That'll still crush the blow up and then pass they mama the bill So I'ma always be able to burn my strip cause my bags be stuffed and I burn my tips And it ain't no tellin what the snub'll do So when y'all go and cop vests cop one for your mother too And I'm way better than them other dudes But I'm stuck wit, what I'm stuck wit, cause I don't suck dick Sat with the players and I stood with the coaches And I'ma always be in the hood like roaches Flow is ferocious, dough is ferocious Two guns by each lung with no holsters And I control all the fishscale in the city And still make your first week sales look pretty I come through, all you hear is chip in the muffler And you could ask anybody if the Kiss is a hustler CHORUS: Styles: He's a hustler Jadakiss: I hustle anywhere, any town, any borough, any strip, uh S: He's a gambler J: I always hold it down, gettin bankroll in 4, 5, 6 in trips S: He's a gangster J: I always make the paper and the FBI got me on they list, that's why S: He's a Ruff Ryder nigga, Ryde or Die nigga J: By the way, did I tell you that my name is Kiss? [Verse 2] And I don't understand how a broke nigga could chill When a two liter'll dust you so get you a mil Yes I got loose ends, poppin out the sunroof of the blue M I'm like Lou Sims And I'ma make sure they hit you wit both shotties I think this summer's gon be the most bodies You never ask a nigga in jail if he chillin Just make sure you make all the sales in the building Cuz now niggas think it's all right to tell And you could put out some garbage and it might could sell Alotta niggas be petty and sheist But that's only til you treat 'em like a video and edit they life This is a threat, when I talk you listen to death And if I run out of money then my wrist is a bet And the streets said they wanted more Kiss Up north niggas pop me in, and do a hundred more dips CHORUS [Verse 3] Yo, whether it's dope money or rap money, gamble the shit Trey pounds of Mauseburgs, handle the shit Got too big for the city, cops brought in the feds So we moved across the map and brought in the bread Niggas chill for a month and a half, no ruckus Got the pictures of baggers and all of the gun busters And you know how it go, cuz it rarely'll change Everybody got a license and a alias name We don't smoke when we hustle and none of us talk Back to back til we home, we can front in New York Cuz some of us is runnin from court Smokin weed, mumblin thoughts Tryin to stay humble for shorts We could do this the mob way and kiss you on both cheeks Or do it the hard way and shoot through your gold teeth Stand on any block, play cee-lo and craps And break niggas for they pack money, then give it back, uh CHORUS 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung Wun, Snoop Dogg, Jadakiss, Scarface Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: WW III Typed by: bosky31@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [whispered] Ruff Ryders, Ruff Ryders Ryde or Die - Volume 2  	(Tugboats.. ehh, it's over..) [yelled] Ahhh-HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! It's the second time around motherfucker! (YESS!) Volume 2 - Ryde or Die, BIATCH! Gangsta nigga and we gon' rock this motherfucker, you dig me? (Fo' sho' baby!) We the square root of the motherfuckin streets! (Fo' sho' baby!) Double R, you cocksuckin sons of bitches!! YEAH!! [Swizz Beatz] (Snoop Dogg) State yo' name gangsta (Big Snoop Dogg.. bow wow!) Where you representin? (West coast) You gon' hold it down? (Please believe it nigga) Enough said then nigga (hold up.. BIATCH) [Snoop Dogg] Mmm, let's make this official  Shine yo' boots and load yo' pistols Pull out yo best credentials cause thislll  be the official for the fictitial Doggy Dogg and Big Swizzll, nigga blow the whistle Smokin on some bomb-beeda secondhand smoke will getcha, hitcha, and make you all get the picture Dig this - when was the last time you seen me posted up West coasted up and sippin on some Remi? Believe me - it ain't easy been Deezy (nah it ain't) wit these jealous rap niggaz and these punk ass breezies Man - I couldn't remember what they told me when I first came in the game but thangs done changed Call it what you wanna, keep the heat up on it East, Long Beach, California - spinnin like a 'Tona Bangin on the corner, hot like a sauna so you best to back up off me or I kick this ? on ya [Swizz Beatz] (Yung Wun) State yo' name yungsta (YUNG WUN!) Where you representin? (ATL SHAWTY!!) You gon' hold it down? (DAMN RIGHT!!!) Well nuff said then (Ease up, nigga!) (Man throw dem treys up!) [Yung Wun] Shorty pop a lot, actin like you got a lot wit all that fake ice on his watch, this nigga wanna get got Coming to my city wit all that hot shit and his fake ass click I'ma put somethin in him and bust his wig, I'm on some thugged out shit You better be strapped boy, how you love that boy, act boy  I'ma break yo back boy, wit a bat boy, where you at boy Hold up I'm cold hearted; DAMN RIGHT, I get retarded I'm a yung-un and down here, bitch I'm the hardest You can hoot, hide and talk that shit I'ma stay low, keep it real and sho' to come up But when I bite you gone feel that there, it's real down here Watch your mouth boy, you might get killed down here I'm a Ryde or Die nigga, put somethin in your eye nigga Get beside yourself it's bye bye nigga When it come to glock cockin and drop poppin I'm the first to hit the block and go to war wit the cops fuck nigga [Swizz Beatz] (Scarface) State yo' name gangsta (Scarface) Where you representin? (Motherfuckin South) You gon' hold it down? (You God damn right) Enough said then nigga [Scarface] Heidi-hoe! Scarface and Don, pullin the strings to your alarm Bringin terror wit this beretta, I clutch in my palm I'm scarin motherfuckers straight wit mine Guerilla tactics, guranteein my enemy die It's worldwide army alert for all soliders Either you Ruff Ryde, Ryde Ruff, or roll over It's a stick up, so down on yo knees, cause I'm sicker Don't disrepect it, you don't disrespect me nigga I'm the one these niggaz call on; when negotiations are halted,  and the time comes for the beatin of the bosses Make 'em an offer that can't refuse They don't comply, well now I'm bout to stank these fools Fool, I guess these niggaz think they can't be moved Realizie they don't scare niggaz like they thank they do You fuck wit me, I gots to fuck wit you  World War 3 motherfucker, I thought you knew [Swizz Beatz] (Scarface) State yo' name gangsta (Jadakiss nigga) Where you representin? (East coast dawg) You gon' hold it down? (Why wouldn't I?) Enough said then nigga (Let's go) (Let's go) [Jadakiss] If you fuckin wit the 'Kiss, you ain't gon' breathe The only time I lick in the air is New Year's Eve Sonny from "Bronx Tale," you can't leave Get kissed on yo' cheek then you meant to die Cause when the gun start poppin then my temperature rise You know my style; 20 niggaz wit 40 Cals Nine years ago you was hollerin shorty wild Now I'm in the rap game twistin these honies out Never left the crack game still on a money route I run through the industry looking for enemies Y'all niggaz sound sick and Jada the remedy Get shot in yo' eyes and mouth  Can't see can't talk when you fuckin wit the heart of New York And that's fouler that swallowin pork And to fuck wit the feds dog you know I push the prowler to court Toast on my lap, got the East Coast on my back, UH [Swizz Beatz] How many times must I tell you motherfuckers We ain't industry niggaz We in-the-STREETS, niggaz - you motherfuckin right! Ruff Ryders forever, yeah bitch - now what? [all together] Ryde.. or.. Die.. you talk it, we live it (East COAST!) So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you want it, we give it (West COAST!) So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you start it, we end it (Dirty SOUTH!) So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you talk it, we live it (Mid WEST!) So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you want it, we give it (Ruff RYDERS!) So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you start it, we end it (Biatch!) [ad libs for 8 seconds] [Swizz Beatz] Yeah, Double R motherfuckers - Ruff Ryders! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ruff Ryders (Styles P, Jae Hood, Shiz Lansky, Keema, Lotto, Rockstar, & Cassidy) Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 3: In the 'R' We Trust Song: All Star Freestyle (Bonus Track) Typed by: jordanwyckoff@aol.com, blazestar0@hotmail.com [Intro: Styles P] Hahahahaha Ruff Ryder 3 Time for the younger generation to blow You know I brought my nigga with me.. D-Block [Verse 1: Jae Hood] Aiyyo, it's Jae Hood, bitch, respect my bars The doctors have to piece together your face like a collage Niggas always talk greasy till the steel come out And slugs rip through they gums and their grill come out Motherfuck you and fuck your mans If I don't clap you in the dome I'ma leave clips in your diaphragm I'm the hood prophet, puff purple instead of chocolate Stay from around chumps and cowards cause they gossip And I'ma stay on the corner like stop signs With a pack of them creamy colored rocks and the Glock 9 When you speaking of the hardest, nigga Bring Hood name up (Jae Hood) D-Block bitch -- we about to have the game chained up My words too strong, bars too powerful And your towel can't dry you when them dumdums shower you Y'all mad cuz y'all garbage and your lyrics is boring And your whip was made the same year that you was born in [Verse 2: Shiz Lansky] Listen man; don't worry bout how many gats this crook has.. (that's right) Just know I stay strapped like book bags Bitch is shook ass You just getting off your porch And me? I'm just getting off in court I could make sure your coffin bought Why would you mention a burner? It's a difference between rappin and attempting a murder Talking the shit you living and the shit you heard of You said fuck Larsiny? What is you crazy, bitch? Before you walk the streets, here's a few safety tips Watch who you speaking bout, and watch who you speakin to The cats you speak about'a show you what the heat could do A respirator is What you'll be breathing through And you got beef with who that you need toast? The closest you came to beef, was meatloaf When we post, with bats and P-coats Y'all niggas better be ghost [Verse 3: Keema] Yo, to fuck with Keem, y'all bitches better hope and dream Every gun that I own got a scope and beam When I a-pproach the scene, shake dice, rope ya team Best bitch on the East coast since Queen Latifah, buy reefer, fly diva Ride deeper, four-pound thump louder than five speakers Spit fire, hot lava flow Don't get twisted, not one of them Prada hos Catch me in Escada clothes, with a lot of dough That's not mines -- it's his.. I need a lot more to live You gotta give to Keem before your kids How you think a bitch like me afford to live motherfucker? [Interlude: Styles P] Hahahahahaha That's a bad bitch.. Shiz you a bad ass nigga It's the younger generation..Killing y'all... Lott... Get busy on these niggas [Verse 4: Lotto] Hey look, I'm trying to stack mad gravy So I get birds from my crew, and make Erykah Badu my "Bag Lady" You that crazy? Squeeze! I know you ain't spittin shells Your hand shake so much, it shows up on the Richter scale I made the huskiest niggas look like they had sickle cell.. I don't just sell bricks dog, I got a bitch for sale So let me find out there's a nigga hatin' Lott No coffin, he get buried in a refrigerator box God damn, I'm a hot man I'm tellin you straight up, I got my weight up Jacob, call my wrists Roxanne Cuz if I wore it in a dark room? You and your man'a hate it, I'ma look animated like a cartoon (bling!) Bottom line, I'm telling you that you ain't fuckin wit me Hard, no body guards; you want a shot? Come and get me I'm not a sucker, nor any nigga runnin wit me And why y'all ballin on wheels, if they under fifty... nigga? [Verse 5: Rockstar] Lockin blocks the motto Got more slow than Dr. Zhivago Same mind state that made Capone boss of Chicago But I don't get my gangster from movies, I'm a Rockstar 5-star teles runnin gangstas on groupies Come through and leave a boy sick Cause my F-Type steers with a joystick I'm the heart in my era Listen, I lead a artistic life Paint pictures with my actions, ain't no margin for error My innate features, leave niggas dismayed speechless And please don't mistake weakness for kindness I fuck with old timers So don't make me forget that you real and catch Alzheimer's Motherfuckin hos, never I'll spoil them I'm known to break a bitch for reckless eyeballin The top, dog; nigga, I'm the bare truth You want to get math? Well, nigga, I'm the square root The Rockstar [Verse 6: Cassidy] I got a mean stash, you seen Cass get his thug on And strip my bitch; we kiss, and get our hug on She what I put drugs on to get my grub on And dog, when you park your car? Put your Club on! The next cat I put the snub on? I'm a clap the gat till it get too hot, and that's wit gloves on! Y'all love drawin, y'all should go to a art school I get my club on with the glow-in-the-dark jewels Trees on my shoes, Polo and the dark blues And I spark tools that the po and the narcs use Fuck, is y'all stupid or somethin? What's the point in, pullin out your joint if you ain't shootin at nothin? Dude, frontin get you banged in the face.. (sure do) And if you have braces, then you know how the banger'a taste I'm wit anything pertainin to cake And I just copped the blue Lottman With the rectangular face... Easy [Interlude: Styles P] Easy niggas.. matter of fact... fuck that, go hard.. Cass', show these niggas how you built.. Grab your guns, bust off.. my nigga [Verse 7: Cassidy] Yeah it's Cassidy bitch, get the name clear I'm what you lames fear, got the game scared (uh-huh) I buy 'caine by the square, but sell it by the O I run through snow like a reindeer The coke heads nose red like Rudolph (true) I grind on the strip so hard, I got blue balls I'd rather knock a Q off, then get blew off (true) That's how I stay on my toes like my shoes off You dudes soft, really bitches like RuPaul When's it's war, I move out like U-Hauls I'm a true boss.. I send 8 balls to the corner My strip like a pool hall (ya heard dat) And I ball like I been in the sport My trigger finger itchin like it got genital warts Don't play around wit him, boy (why's that?) Cause Cass is a pain in the ass like hemorrhoids Faggot! [Outro: Styles P] Yeah yeah... it don't stop This is R3, young generation  Showin y'all cocksuckers what it's about When y'all get some young boys come talk to me We could do it any time any place; you know our style Get ready for R4, cuz we never stop, we still in the studio We in the studio right now Far as Holiday Styles goes, the Ghost, S.P., Paniro Well, you know... I'll be out soon A Gangster & A Gentleman, at a store near you Cocksucker If you find somebody who could do it better Introduce me to him so I can shake his hand Cuz you know, that's a gentleman thing to do Then I'ma flip to the gangster and shoot him in the head cuz that's just my style You know... my shit'a be the hardest shit on the planet as a matter fact, followin this So, I suggest y'all stay tuned to Ruff Ryders cuz we will not stop There's a lot of cocksuckers in this industry and game but.. There's a lot of cocksuckers outside in the street, too If you on the street... Don't Snitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Eastsidaz, Styles (The LOX) Album: Ryde or Die Volume 3: In the 'R' We Trust Song: Eastside Ryders Typed by: DoggPound213@DPGC-2g.com [Tray Deee] Who run these streets? Love Thug Beats?  Ruff Spoken, Guns Speak, Blood Leak Lug heat for the threat not protection,  Not a question, Busta Tests I got rest 'em Catch 'Em Slippin, in the hood or the mall You ain't strapped, we can scrap, I'm good with the Doggs Fuck Talkin', Chuck Walkin' in my khakis Rag Swangin', Gang Bangin' nigga brang it at me Eastsider, Ruff Ryder loved by the masses We The Niggas holla out the set when we blastin' Insane 20 gang, anything killa,  Tracy Davis, Hair Raises, Goldie Loc The Stealer Gang Lock Down, We Cant Stop Now,  Get in the way of villan and Tray spray hot rounds Suckas chose thuggin' as a last resort, aint that a bitch? Here we do this shit for sport This CRIP [Tray Deee] Chorus: We ridaz, keep the heat beside us,   Better Not try us, Touch ya like Midas   Ruff Rydaz, Ride with Eastsidaz,    Bustaz bow down to crown, the Royal Highness   Well we gonna take your raps, and gats, stacks and sacks   Dippin with the Jags and 'Lacs   Eastsidaz roll with Ruff Rydaz   Try to step aside us or get right behind us [Styles] When I die, fuck a moment of silence, this is Holiday Gangsta rap gunnin' and havin' moments of violence Its an Eastsider, Ruff Ryder thing, Why you mad at me? Holdin on an AK, puffin' on some Cali weed Streets is my girl, asked her to marry me Yellow and Purple Ears, tryin' to see Shaq's Salary D-Block Gang, Ruff Ryder Mafia,  Make Sure the bullets hit u cause i stand on top of ya Bounce like I'm Hydrolics (Hydrolics),  And i got niggaz in the hood that would shoot you over nine dollars Asked if I'm a gang member? Fuck nah, I'm a gang leader Boss to the boss and I bang heaters And you dont wanna see my arm jerk Cause the work i put on your face is bound to make your mom hurt And this one is for my Cali niggaz Eastsiders, Ruff Ryders and you can die in an ally niggaz (Chorus) [Goldie Loc] I never write raps like a song can make me Trick off my money and let these bitches break me Cause I'm a cold piece of gold, dickies saggin in the dirt Sellin' my double knucks, to enhance my work Nigga Q keep it Pimpin, I'm 'a keep it Crippin' (Crippin') Me and Dip Dippin, Dogg tha Police Trippin' Im an Eastside Ryde or Die Nigga And I believe you fools are some quick to lie niggaz Sippin on Sans call me lil Bit A down to earth brother, Gang Bangin' and rappin' Fake Blow Joes not hoppin' Lo-Lo's Im tired of you bustaz and fake C-O's You can ask Deal Dogg,Motherfuckin' Scoop We Done rounded up the homies and the front line troops Look Cuz, This game dont give me my cheese,  Im 'a shit down your thorat, with tricks up my sleeve (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX Album: Ruff Ryders - Volume 3: In 'R' We Trust Song: Keep Hustlin' Typed by: jordanwyckoff@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Jadakiss) ahhhh unhhuh yeah D-Block R 3, motherfuckers couldn't wait Yeah Niggas not want Jada to kiss on them (kiss on'em) Throw sour milk or piss on them (piss on'em) burn their cell Snitch niggas playing the game "Who turn to tell" (what?) I'm waiting right here for the warden and burning the L Recognize real this is an example of that (yeah) Grey uncut diesel come and sample a sack D-Block where the hammers is at (that's right) Every night is like the Apollo with guns, even amateurs clap I hit raw in the store, ravined, then laid low on the yea-yo When I cop more of the green Got a BX connect and a Georgia Team My life is juicy nigga It was all a dream It's my house so I'm a ask you to leave I'm like carbon-dioxide Cause I don't want you faggots to breathe And I might murk two in the new Smurf blue 2002 BM wagon with the B's (unuh) (Styles) Chorus (2X) All my niggas with guns Keep busting them All my niggas with drugs Keep hustling All my niggas with money Keep getting it All my niggas that ride Keep living it (Styles) It's the kid with the attitude Chip on the shoulder Brick in the whip with the 5th in the holster Purple in the dutchee (un huh) I got a circle full of niggas that will kill your grandmother if she touch me Told you I get deep with a gun If I die then my niggas teach the rules of the street to myson Cause I might got to meet with the lord What I live by? die by? My gun, my word, and my sword Cause niggas sound hard but they just ain't convincing me Microwave killer, do my shit instantly Built that courage in Anna, it's the dark side that makes me want to flip and go smother your mama (bitch) Just for birthing your ass And this the ghost when you take your last breath And I'm cursing your ass And I'm sort of like the Grim Reaper, but I'm a get deeper Cause I'm right here on earth for your ass Chorus 2X This is it Sheek Luc..c'mon (Sheek) You know Sheek hold it down wherever he at (no doubt) You wanna knock yourself out? Nah let me do that I'm thugging everything I'm on (yeeah) I spit too hard Keep the hawk like I'm out in the yard Even in the boot Luch keep a gat in his hand Brick under the fan, think I care about a moon man or Grammyaward? What did you expect? I ain't seeing double platinum unless I take it off your fucking neck (right now) Cut my check and get out my face Before I go home and get that new shit out the case (no doubt) I don't think y'all hearing me, it's not fair to me I'll clap you if my niggas is daring me Your God is dumping your face Then run up and choke your bitch ass, just in case Then that y'all is thirsty to hear some more You better put a rush on Volume four (d block) Walk with me Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P Album: R3: In the 'R' We Trust Song: Shoot 'Em in Tha Head Typed by: ji2ga2001@hotmail.com (Styles P) Fuck all these niggaz, if you ask me who I'll answer back anybody you can think of I'm S.P. bitch, I'm the boss of boss I talk arrogant and me and guys link up And these is more than words, if you feel like the songs is to you Then it probably is, If I can't getta long witcha Then I'm gon' hit 'cha, All in ya face and ya body kid H-O-L-I-D-A, -Y Styles, hit somethin by trial I'm the nigga to hate, and when it's time to merk something bitch WHAT! I'm on time in my job and I ain't never been late If there's beef in the hood A nigga like P can't sleep 'til I'm good 'Cause somebody dead This 4/5 gotta hit somebody head I'm all up in the safe takin' somebody bread [Chorus: repeat 2X] Shoot 'em in the head Shoot 'em in the face or the chest Then shoot 'em in the waist or the neck Then shoot 'em in the gut or the mouth Then shoot 'em in the back and don't stop 'til the blood runnin out (Styles P) Guess I gotta burn down bridges, and break down rocks And come through and let this tre pound pop You all grown now And I don't care if you from home town I'll put a slug in the dome clown 'Cause most of these rappers is talk I'm the nigga in the back of the court Wit 5 L's and a 1/2 of a quart By 7 o' clock I'm stone cold drunk, wit a blunt and a 2yr old pump Boulgin' out my pant leg I'll put it out and make ya man beg And shoot 'em anyway Y'all niggaz penny weight Niggaz like me just do what the semi say Any way we can do it any where any day I'm Paniero bitch, I ain't the nigga you play hero wit End up dead, Ya t-shirt look white it's gon end up red And my dogs look hungry they gon' end up fed BITCH! I'm hope you lookin' forward to die Hope you wanna look the lord in the eye Hope you ready for this muthafuckin' shot to ya head Or this sword in ya eye You the shit I'm the +Lord of the Flies+ If you got beef say it now, bitch niggaz So I can load up and come toward you wit nines I spray you and ya man The coup and the van The office and the studio where ever you stand I don't wanna be the king of the coast Feds watchin' me and you gotta stay low when you bring in the dope Gotta look a lil' dirty when you swingin the toast If you say the guy name, I'll be ringin ya throat I don't rap about niggaz But I do like to cock back hit'em the chest And blow the back up outta niggas Ya man is pussy? I'mma play wit 'em Look at ya nigga POP! POP! POP! now lay wit 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx, Jadakiss, Timbaland Album: R3: In the 'R' We Trust Song: They Ain't Ready Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Uh-huh, now what we gonna do Take it from the Eastside.. to the country Ya feel me? Ya feel me? Ya feel me? Tchka-tchka-tchka Check the chorus... [Chorus 2x: Timbaland] Jada talk so good, but they brain is not ready They don't know know Bubba talk so good, but they brain is not ready They don't know know know [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh, yeah Yo, uh, yeah, yo... Aiyyo, this I'll make ya head hurt When the hawk take the day off I make the lead work, I'll put you in the red dirt Ice make 'em look like stars, they comin through On the bikes, but they look like cars, it's somethin new and Jada talk soo good, but 'cha brain is Nowhere next to ready for this stainless It's no helpin you when them thangs melt in you and way down in Athens, 'Kiss is a bell ringer I'ma bring the hood to the farm Bless 'em with some purple haze, remove the wood from the bong Introduce them to the yak and cranberry And make sure Bubba Spark good, then I'm gone Even if we run to war, I'ma still run the raw You can come and see me, I got 'em for twenty-four Double R and Beat Club, who hard as us? "R3: In the 'R' We Trust," c'mon [Bubba Sparxxx] Uh, uh... Boy you silly if you saw them crackers ridin' with them pigs and thought I might would hit this robe for less than twenty-five a gig Doin' sixty-five, I slid off acid and shitty bourbon Took a minute to adjust, but right now this big shit is workin I'm white just by chance, but I'm country by God's graces Nowadays I find myself doin laundry in odd places But still, I keep it Bubba even into Mr. Kiss and them Brought 'em down to Athens, let 'em cut with my sister's friend Now we gettin' blitzed again, back on the block in Yonkers and Tim done laced a track, man this shit is hot as bonkers 'Kiss, not to flaunt ya, but just tell them Betty's come here I'm doin for my family what y'all already done here But Bubba is the truth and perhaps this is discussion Of wither I'm that deal or a product of Timb's percussion Y'all know to him it's bustin, so just dap me up and frown on Me and 'Kiss is necessary, that much you can count on, yeah [Bubba Sparxxx] How did him and Bubba rise from this dirt and this cow feces? To show you folks the hope for this changin' shall be me Notice how he see, the picture for it's painting and poured you up of this mixture before it was tainted See I was rydin' ruff only when me and D became acquainted and I pledge to maintain it, be damned if I'ma change it This shit is anus, ain't it? Fuck 'em, Kiss bring it home I ryde or die with Beat Club, won't bend for the sake of this song [Jadakiss] The streets is still mine, I stay with the still nine And it's still on nigga I'm stonger than corn liquor  like I pink-eyed, niggaz pretend to be weeded That's what the industry needed Kiss flippin' his flow, enemies heated But we gon' let the gats pop From the old rifles on the dirt road to the handguns on the blacktop, don't get the plot wrong This ain't a black or white politic thing cocksucker, it's a hot song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Jadakiss, Kartoon & Flashy Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: Get Wild Typed by: Theda Dot Com [Hook - Flashy] All my niggaz all my bitches get high get drunk get wild buck fool you know my style get crunk bitches bounce niggaz bounce let me give you that funk shit blunt shit while I make you bang it out your trunk [Verse 1 - DMX] You cats, talk slick but walk quick when the dog hit The dog hits coming back to the raw shit Aww shit they done let me back out the gate back out to tape back out to rape Back off the chains so please back out the way Before I blow ya back out with this fuckin AK Don't give a fuck what a nigga say no matter who he sound like Make sure you know what the rain is but its gonna be coming down like cats and dogs hold up it is cats and dogs keep fucking with the dog its gonna be cats in the morgue twenty- two million sold lets keep it real most y'all killers ain't even twenty- two years old Aint never felt the cold wet behind the ears know what real pain is cried real tears I go hard bogard and stand my ground Fuck y'all niggaz it's how its goin down baby [Hook] [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] It just don't look right Bullshit coke don't cook right The judge ain't throwin the book right Should thank the lord that you blew up softy Don't talk greasy you grew up off me I ain't letting go of the block and if I get a good enough grip I ain't lettin go of the lock If I happen to pinched I ain't goin to shock I'm gonna to get aquatinted with niggaz in general pop Stop but don't hate ‘cause everybody got a lil blood to donate Thugs'll go ape the women'll come around shortly after that is when the jealousy sets in then they'll shut it down It's just raspy nothin on the neck wrist ware just classy no way I'm letting this money just get past me When all I had to do in the first place from the beginning was get nasty [Hook] [Verse 3 - Kartoon] Niggaz been waitin' for that west coast shit I tell them to go fish Blowin purple in a purple Laker jersey wit the gold kicks bitches be like Toon you a mutha fuckin trip Hop in the whip and lean til that mutha fucka flip and every club in Cali crackin' its gangsta town keep a couple of niggaz with me that'll bang you down now lil mama put switches on and make it jump before me you needed Lil Jon to make it crunk naw for real come to Cali player take ya pump my New York niggaz leave y'all wit razor bumps now pappa raised a rolling stone I feel like pops In the absence of Makaveli I feel like Pac even though I got the deal I still might pop right in front of the po-po you could feel my shots man all my niggaz carry bangers we feel like SWAT and that's the reason why Rialto feel like Watts [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Infa-Red & Cross, Snypah, Styles P, Bunny Wailer Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: Ghetto Children Typed by: Theda Dot Com [Aja] We are the champions, we can't stop cause you just can't keep them Ruff Ryders down, down, down [Verse 1 - Infa.Red] By any means necessary I'mma hold down tradition white tee blue jeans yeah I fit the description know what's richer for the drugs in our waist we dark so they put the flashlight in our face racial profiling send me straight to the island hit me with the night stick the captain start smiling the foul smell of the ghetto will burn your nose hair it's forbidden so no one goes there the struggle never stops still we wake up to spoiled milk and roaches crawling out our cereal box they feed us lies blind our eyes if your hand the same color as mine's black man rise [Hook] To all my hustlers pumping cracks behind the buildings ghetto children this is how we living all my gangsta soldiers in the prison don't worry it's a totally new beginning (*repeat 2X*) [Verse 2 - Styles] My peoples been in the in the cage for criminal ways for the fact that we couldn't take minimum wage we had stacks in the back of the building brothers is crooks but we still read books to the children now I keep my mind in the movement time in the movement cause the ghetto need a lot of improvement now we gotta plan for the future and watch for the man cause they don't cuff you no more they just shoot ya time for a new beginning revolution is coming see the bullets out the ruger spinning and we ain't gon stand down we gon stand up black man black power put your black hands up [Hook] To all my hustlers pumping cracks behind the buildings ghetto children this is how we living all my gangsta soldiers in the prison don't worry it's a totally new beginning (*repeat 2X*) [Verse 3 - Cross] I used to wear bow ties and listen to Farrakhan now I'm on the block like the strip is a marathon the hood ain't been the same since Malcolm and King gone tales from the hood is what I sing on a rap song everybody petrified ever since 9/11 the hood was under attack before 9/11 tell me how we got crack and automatic weapons my worst nightmare is Bush getting re-elected the jails is packed everybody stressed out gimme the key and I'm letting all the lifers out so they could rebuild and work for a dollar bill take the shackles off ya mind we running outta time [Hook] To all my hustlers pumping cracks behind the buildings ghetto children this is how we living all my gangsta soldiers in the prison don't worry it's a totally new beginning (*repeat 2X*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Flashy, Infa.Red, Kartoon Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: If It's Beef Typed by: Theda Dot Com [Verse 1 - Jadakiss] The hood know what it is they know who I am and they don't care what I scan but they know I'm the man know I could bring 'em to the spot show them the grams or I could bring 'em to the garage and show them the lam know that I could show 'em the Range and show 'em the Beemer and I could lift up my shirt and show them the steamer Had ups and downs but I stil get along with 'em Nobody hatin cause I ain't get on a song wit 'em Yeah and I ain't out there pumpin but I might slide through and give the crackheads somethin Not only on my off time I be in the studio usually though probably hit the block by my 4th rhyme Think wit a boss mind lot of evil thoughts run across mine I sell it if I could get it off fine and you already know I'm real when it comes to the game and the hood you know how I feel... What [Hook] If it's beef The hood know what it is (Tell'em Kiss) The hood know what it is If it's Beef (Yeah) The hood know what it is Three words 1-8-7 (*repeat 2X*) [Verse 2 - Kartoon] Man the flow got 'em very jealous Besides that I'm from a coast where ya bitch ass could be gone In 30 seconds dickie this dickie that you in perry ellis California sunshine compliment the heavy carrots if it's beef three words 1,8,7 niggaz get popped and start singing like Faith Evans niggaz know I got a gift they must hate presents spray up everything look like the case spelling had to settle for the d cause we hate failing hit after hit I'm like the hip-hop Hank Aaron I'm in the BX riding with cali On the ds doing drivebys off the T-Rex got love on the west and the es we don't play games guns stashed in the ps and ps y'all niggaz is bs we kick swing and take shots at you like it's recess [Hook] If it's beef The hood know what it is (Tell'em Kiss) The hood know what it is If it's Beef (Yeah) The hood know what it is Three words 1-8-7 (*repeat 2X*) [Verse 3 - Infa.Red] The hood know what it is we setting up rat traps, fuck ya ascap can't hide behind platinum plaques cause when the A.R. 15's get the poppin That's when your artists'll really be droppin I ain't talkin 'bout release dates I'm talking 'bout this Ruff Ryder lifestyle in every single state you feeling lucky roll the dice who got the bank stop it throw'em in the bathroom he getting outta pocket mock it, chop it, do what you will I just wanna see your mans' face in the street when his blood spill man made the money money never made the man that's why you'll never see security where I stand and we stil tryin to eat you poppin shit from your hotel with federallies In your suite two shots of patrone, then I run up in your home cut the wire to your phone, strangle you then I'm gone who want it [Hook] If it's beef The hood know what it is (Tell'em Kiss) The hood know what it is If it's Beef (Yeah) The hood know what it is Three words 1-8-7 (*repeat 2X*) [Verse 4 - Flashy] Well it's that flashy nigga with a flow so through the roof The way I do the booth all they say is you the truth Yeah I was with that other label but I flew the coop Now I'm Ryding and Dying it's Ruff Ryders new recruit and do remember we ain't all about the music duke cause every member of my family got a screw that's loose and when it's drama all we do is shoot with guns so big they put a hole through you the size of a hoola – hoop believe you me the streets do see that lyrically I'm in a zone like a 3 2 D if I ain't DWI-ing up the BQE I'm blowin some boon with Toon in a 323 Flashy nigga it ain't a flow to match up to it this that music that make a nigga act up to it you might get smacked stabbed or clapped up to it I'm so head of my time I find myself tryin to catch up to it you know [Hook] If it's beef The hood know what it is (Tell'em Kiss) The hood know what it is If it's Beef (Yeah) The hood know what it is Three words 1-8-7 (*repeat 2X*) You know what they want right (*repeat 2X*) Three words 1-8-7 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss, Kartoon, Infa.Red & Flashy Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: Keep the Gunz Cocked (If it's Beef... Remix) Typed by: Theda Dot Com [Hook] Keep the gun cocked Keep the gun cocked Keep the gun cocked The hood know what it is Keep the gun cocked Keep the gun cocked Represent Double R The hood know what it is Keep the gun cocked Keep the gun cocked Boost the crime rate The hood know what it is I'm in the hood 'cause I fuck with the thugs Tryin' to figure out why the money never added up to the love [Verse 1] I be around but I just be outta sight And I'ma be spittin till the world run outta mics In the hood till the projects run outta mice Bettin' heavy 'till the bodegas run outta dice And I'm workin with more hammers than you can imagine And when I get in the booth I do it with passion niggaz It's the same old kiss mango six Seats suede listening to something Sheek just laid And sometimes I feel I oughta chill And I ain't scared but I guess it's only right when you rein' with a quarter mill Your ends go up your mens go down It's like tryin to roll a dutch with the windows down And I'm comin from the gulliest blocks Winter time drug game slow my niggaz pump skullies and socks But I ain't gonna challenge you to talk I'ma see you when I see you with the bats, hi calibers and hawks- what [Hook] [Verse 2] Ayo you hatin' on Infa.Red get on line I got more fans than the project building in the summer time Shit on your idol smack your protégé Kick your moms in the back crack her vertebrae And fagots only respect pressure If you ballin' why you staring at old Moet bottles on your dresser And I'm not the one to brag But I put more red dots on you than a target bag I sew your body up in a mattress Put you in the basement use you for target practice I feel like Q when her pushed Bishop off the roof These niggaz in the hood keep sayin I got the juice I'm a hustler first a rapper second Don't tell Hove or L.A. Reid that's off the record I just tripled my advance you Hummer stuntin like you got birds you only getting points off grams-cock sucka [Hook] [Verse 3] I don't wanna hear about your set or wherever you claim Don't tell me 'bout oh boy, whatever his name Don't you know in anybody hood barettas'll reign New York don't think O-dog is jealous of Kane I'm never mad at a nigga about the letter he bang I tell niggaz to get they money up and better they aim Controversial sales'll let me make a controversial statement I will murder everybody in this game stop hatin' If it's true that the rap game ain't far from coke I could tell you how many bubbles in a bar of soap I'm Double R biatch that's V.I.P Ghetto parks on me, street niggaz might need to see ID K in the truck on the low-low Even got the house on hydrolics it's jumpin with doe doe Keep a lil something somethin' kissin that waist Cali go hard never mention that place [Hook] [Verse 4] It's Flashy y'all yeah I spit the cockiest bars So if there's beef nigga then see me I'm not a mirage I rock with a R so if anything pops I'm involved The six sawyers poppin' 'em all and the problem is solved See Ruff Ryders's like a religion I follow the laws Stick to code violating bodies'll fall Its not an option to starve That's why I stay in the booth like prison guards when they watchin' the yard And yeah I heard they callin Flashy insane 'cause I ain't change Got a new deal and I still catch a cab or a train I'm still the same nigga packaging caine Rolling up L after L like cool J was on the back of my name So if its drama niggaz know where I live But I guarantee you'll pay some repercussions for approaching the crib 'cause if the raps ain't soak in your wig then ice pokin' your ribs 'cause when its beef the hood know what it is- Nigga [Hook] (*repeat 2X*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Ruff Ryders Volume 4: The Redemption Song: Ruff Ryders 4 Life Typed by: Theda Dot Com Ruff Ryder for life (hey) Ruff Ryder for life (hey) Ruff Ryder for life (hey) [Verse 1 - Styles] I'm on my new shit you ain't listening good I pull out the hawk use it as a q-tip shot gun up in ya nostrils I'm hostile D-block totally apostle but no church's lay you out is my soul purpose Light a blunt hear the ghost out I could make ya soul surface Here's my philosophy I ain't really chillin til I'm looking out the windows and see deers on the property rabbits hopping around habit's popping pound lighting blunts constantly ain't no time for me SP the war lord take ya jaw off wit a saw-off sawed off Top floor or the waldorf bagging the yay we stil trying to get a wagon a today This is D-block nigga holiday Styles and I never put my magnum away (hey) [Hook] STYLES: My yak, My cups, My niggaz, My ice, Ruff Ryder 4 Life (hey) SHEEK: My dutch, My haze, My spot, My light, Ruff Ryder 4 Life (hey) STYLES: My money, My house, My Car, My Ice, Ruff Ryder 4 Life (hey) My niggaz Ryde or die side by side by side, you know why Ruff Ryder 4 Life (hey) [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] It a shame what the game has come to The pen got a lot niggaz under the same pressure, the gun do I understand you living but not that life and stop it you just aight you not that nice nigga I pack arenas pack the ninas twenty thou worth of fabric pack the cleaners and I just can't say it any clearer only nigga that'll give it to me is the man in the mirror They hate it but they love it in exchange Piped out the denim seat covers in the Range Wiped out all the above slots, I'm never gon' cool off Nigga I'm dumb hot, I get it in one whop My man said I need a one to three, he illin All I need is another 1 in 3 million Oh yeah it's nothin to murk you I realize it really ain't worth it when I'm puffin the purple (hey) [Hook] STYLES: My yak, My cups, My niggaz, My ice, Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) SHEEK: My dutch, My haze, My spot, My light, Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) STYLES: My money, My house, My Car, My Ice, Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) My niggaz Ryde or die side by side by side, you know why Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) [Verse 3 - Sheek] I don't rely on my voice to hold me I spit don't promise niggaz shit can't a gangsta fold me I bring it to the hardest nigga in ya crew baby nine that let off like a miniature ooz we could let it ratta - tatta climb the fire escape ladder Dump out watch muh'fuckers scatter Lose bladder, piss in ya favorite jeans Niggaz make-up more shit than Maybeline The Vince McMahon, Ted DeBiase Thirty of Courvoise', blunt in my mouth Crack in the streets weed bags bustin out Dime bitches that I'm fuckin wanna curse me out Hatin niggaz in the hood wanna hearse me out Fuck 'em, come do it, the rifle is antique knife on the tip glorying niggaz got connects with some old civil warrior niggaz lets go [Hook] STYLES: My yak, My cups, My niggaz, My ice, Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) SHEEK: My dutch, My haze, My spot, My light Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) STYLES: My money, My house, My Car, My Ice Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) My niggaz Ryde or die side by side by side, you know why, Ruff Ryders 4 Life (hey) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon, Jadakiss, Mook, Shella Album: Ruff Ryders: Past, Present, Future Song: Freaky Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Akon] Yeah {*12*} [Jada] I feel good tonight though 	 I like how this is goin down 	 Mook, what up baby? [Mook] Kiss, what up boy? [Jada] Let's get it [Mook] Got 'em! [Chorus: Akon] {w/ ad libs} I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks With a pocket full of money and I'm ready to cut While shorty lookin at me like she ready to lust I got a king-size waterbed on my tour bus So let's start it off, so let's start it off So let's start it off, so let's start it off And get freaky, freaky Yeah {*17*} [Mook] Ay look, models on deck (check) bottles on deck (check) Next year Benz, won't accept nothin less (nothin) I'm in the S (S) 'Kon in the F (F) We on the phone arguin which one is the best Arm is a mess of the {?} with the Ferragamo's like nothin tall when I step (yuch) Custom cut Attolini suit, double pressed I'm a gangsta but still throw it on when I dress (yeah) Tour bus, ten broads on the set Yeah, I pick two and let the mob get the rest Ain't no confusion because they all wanna sex After I +Swizz Beat+ one it's +On to the Next+ [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Jadakiss] Aiyyo it's Raspy, yeah I put it down with The Lox I'm fresh nigga, L.V. down to the socks The old joint, 17 rounds in the Glock My garage is like, walkin around on the lot Bunch of athletes, whole lot of stars in the spot Honeys everywhere, either you ménagin or not Nobody goin home, all this Patrón and Cîroc (drink up) Cases of Ace, plus we got zones of the pot (kush) The finest fashions, fat asses, designer glasses Expensive weaves, nice lashes (uh-huh) Not too drunk, light clashes I put her on the Californian, show her the king of the mattress Uhh [Shella] It's the girl.. I don't wait for dudes to come pick me up, I'm drivin I be in and out new whips like the drive-in Dolo, they know, my best friends are diamonds Never a +Fool+ for +Love+, no Frankie Lymon Timin, just right when I step on the scene See dudes that ride dirty but they roll clean V.I.P. with the team where we all be Summer set the Blasian, that's what they call me Keen eyeline {?} the bar left Cause he look like he in the Billionaire Boys Club I'm fresh, stay dressed with finesse Make 'em guess what's next; ohh - I'm fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shella, The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders: Past, Present, Future Song: What to Do Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Shella] Jada, Styles, Sheek [Chorus: Shella] Baby you know, I been checkin for you Can you come and pick me up tonight? You're such a thug, and I'm feeling you I think you will know just what to do [Styles P] I know what to do and when to do it, scooped her in the turbo Porsche Cause she's scared to see a third go off I'm the nigga that she's checkin for, hold the weapon for Gotta stretch her raw - could tell that she lovin it I fuck her good and she call me by my government She count up my money, roll up my weed Load up my guns, I leave she gon' throw me my keys And I stay pickin her up, droppin her off She hold a gun when a nigga done, poppin it off And you know she dress me good, feed me right Be the first to call my lawyer when they read my rights She the one who help me clean up my act She a thoroughbred cause she can clean you off when I bust off my gat Yeah [Jadakiss] Yo it's a little too soon to put somethin in your ear But we can get a drink and put somethin in the air Maybe play amateur golf, I'll let you handle the Porsche L.O.X., every man is a boss Shoulda seen her face when I slid mami the Tec Brung her through the hood with me, it was time to collect She marinated in the car for two hours while I conversated with my man 'bout new powder Parked the Porsche, snatch the Range, shot back downtown She lookin at me like, "You could blow my back out now" I pulled over on the highway, Westside slay Head in the back, +Casino+ style, Pesci way Let's go [Sheek Louch] D-Block, walk wit me... Know that boy Sheek Louch is, such a thug One-shot Dillinger, one big slug I don't need a lot of hustles, just one good drug Anywhere outta town, just one good plug This the 2000 she a +Ryde or Die Chick+ Gun on my waist, could have no legs if shorty my sidekick You know who it is, the kid with an extra bar My wind is up, I'm ready to spar My vision is good, I'm hittin your car, clappin from far I guess she lovin that; that's why I'm huggin that Cause I ain't spendin nothin, true thug No arguments, right on the rug OWW! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX, Drag-On, Mook, Swizz Beatz, The L.O.X. Album: Ruff Ryders: Past, Present, Future Song: World's Greatest Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Yo! Yeah, it's the world's greatest (Ruff Ryders!) Make you throw your bikes up - Double R! (bikes up) Make you rep your hood (rep your hood) Now SCREAM! (SCREAM!) Whoa-ohh-ohh-ohh (c'mon!) {*7X*} What! [DMX - over Chorus] Grrrrrr We got Swizz on the joint We got 'Kiss on the joint We got Styles P, Sheek Louch, Mook, Drag-On Ruff Ryders! Ruff Ryders! Uh [Mook] I think I'm gettin why these motherfuckers hate me Cause I been puttin pressure on e'rything lately And I'm hearin pressure bust pipes kinda easy With that bein said I apologize to BP But to the rest of y'all, it's no courtesy I'm not a nest so won't none of y'all bird-in/burden me Next generation of the Double R, lights up I'm the next nigga that's gon' make 'em throw they bikes up I literally have millions watchin me On stage turnin dudes to a mockery Yeah they copy me with no cam These niggaz is chickens in beefs steady talkin 'bout they go HAM You confused you meat-lover I got Swizz feelin like Dre when he made "Deep Cover" I'm the next Double R meal ticket Make like a deck of cards nigga, deal wit it! [Drag-On] My flow dope like the methadone clinic Pull down the Phantom window see a don in it Glove box, you might see the Qu'ran in it Underneath the firearm, am I wrong wit it? I drop the roof to be captured by the sun Relayed my bars and remastered e'ry one Niggaz wonderin where the fuck Drag at I'm on Twitter hittin e'rybody back Drag to the dash, I ain't back to claim shit I still got the same crown I first came with If I had to do it all again I wouldn't change shit Now I'ma shine when the rain get thick, nigga~! [Sheek Louch] Donnie G, yeah Aiyyo all the pretty girls go around the outside Porsche or the Range Rover, meet me in the ride Windows all jet black, you ain't gotta hide Donnie, Razor Ramon, Bobby Backlund - this my throne Cranberry silver Patrón, they love me Hat back like I'm 15, face clean Nice blue jeans sittin on the Louis I used to run base and I don't mean Matsui A long way from Dr. Jays and Conways I still like hoodrats, some Beyoncés Pop off, you ain't never seen AK's Top down, Eddie Levert in The O'Jays Whoa, Donnie killin that UFO It took a lil' while but Donnie gon' blow Haters seen Sheek, nope! Donnie on the go Might as well call me butter cause Donnie on a roll [Jadakiss] Yeah, aiyyo Personally I think I'm underrated if nothin else Ask around, they'll tell you Jada is somethin else Motherfuck who they know It's the kid with the, diesel bars and pull they flow It's a couple dudes I ain't get rid of yet But ain't no rush, niggaz is butt like the back of the cigarette Holla when it's time for the blood to get spilt I only negotiate for thugs to get killed Hustler, artist, CEO On the low blowin strawberry kiwi 'dro Sling 'caine 'til they cut off my hands Other than that, I'ma spit pain 'til they cut off my glands Got work all over the stove Get money all over the globe And the Range all over the road The crib and the whips is lavish Double R mob life, 'Kiss is... [Styles P] You know me, playin 'Kiss and Ne-Yo wit'cha bitch Or Sheek and Carl Thomas runnin a trio on ya bitch Shoot him in the mouth, bet you he ain't gon' snitch ... Fuckin with three bad niggaz! Or tonguin ya girl for the teabag niggaz She's wavy, we crazy ADHD, know where the weight be On the scale with the guns off safety Eyes hazy, money, mansion, Mercedes Surrounded by killers, O.G.'s, crack babies Loadin up the nine, dope stay a dime Two blunts in the Watson 749 Red wine, avocado, salad with the lime and cilantro Head honcho rockin the poncho Way out in Mexico Ten for the bird, I'll let you place the decimal Turn ya ass vegetable [DMX] Grrrr... not again! It's the Dog with the K's! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! You the next nigga? Well, I'm the X nigga Name still ringin bells so fuck the rest nigga~! Do this shit for real while, y'all niggaz is actin I'm old school like, Andre the Giant and Bob Backlund Cats ain't never, been able to ever fuck with the Dog, whatever the weather When I come through niggaz bow down like Muslims prayin I'm just tryin to understand what these fools is sayin Don't MAKE ME, somebody better take me outta here This is what it comes down to? Fuck outta here! Cats gotta fear, a nigga like me I come through in beast mode from New York to A-Z Bitch you fuckin crazy thinkin Dog ain't got it Dog gon' hit it as, soon as y'all spotted I'm strapped to the death, 'til there's half of 'em left I'm the last of 'em left, 'til the last of my breath C'MON! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss, Rick Ross & Wale Album: Maybach Music - Self Made Vol. 1 Song: 600 Benz Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Wale] Why not live with the drive to inspire? My ambition is flawless This is gorgeous as this Porsche is but this is about this Benz, ya dig? Pass me a lighter, Rozay.. I need a J {M-M-Maybach Music} I appreciate, the opportunity Somethin' special, my nigga... [Chorus: Rick Ross] + (Wale) 600 Benz, house six hundred grand That was six years ago, whips come from Japan I get that work on my face... I get that work on my face... ay (Boy, 600 Benz, condo six hundred grand) (I got twelve hundred kicks, them bitches straight from Japan) (My ambition is wicked I put that shit on my hand) I get that work on my face (I put that shit on my man, boy) [Wale] Wale, real nigga, where the totem, blowin' bomb haze I just tell CJ keep on rollin' that's my shortyg Tinted out, you ain't seeing through All black everything, this shit like a HBCU Maybach music, major moves, bitch I'm saving major loot I make my old bitches buy me all the latest shoes One whip just ain't enough, I just seen 33 You only half a W without a second V Gotta be dreamin, bitch I gotta be chosen Shawty when I was 20 I had a Camry and tokens But now I'm ok, bitch I got my shit together Rozay told me keep on working, shawty you'll be rich forever, ever Forever my endeavours  And I sever my opponents, bitch I'm cold like its in Denver The dilemma is, you think I got no conscience You think I just here flossin' and talkin' 'bout car shit [Jadakiss] AH-HAH... AH-HAH, yup Dependin' on how I feel, either the coupe or sedan (uh-huh) I'm only dealin' with you, nothin' to do with your man (nah) Niggas ruin your plans, it's best to do what you can (yep) I'm up to six hundred bricks, started with two hundred grams (whoo) Hand to hand in the cold, pockets on hella swole I was breakin' ‘em down (uh-huh), now I'm sellin' ‘em whole (yeah) Work straight out the kitchen, ain't no competition (nah) You just shut up and listen and you can complete the mission Know you want me to fall (uh-huh), I don't do nothing but ball You heard I was in jail, well I just came from the mall (rumors) I'm on my way to the jeweler bout to cop me a Muller (uh) Keep the digital ruler at arm's length of the Ruger (yeah) Life's a bitch and I feel her, ain't nobody iller (nobody) Perico Godzilla, catch me blowing vanillas (haha) Used to be blood money now it's go hard scrilla After I count it all up, I'ma go to the dealer and get a.. [Wale] SKRRT, hope you heard that intro This that I been grindin' cause I've been savin' for that Benz flow To mash on assholes with petty badges Tell em' niggas we throwed, but they never gon catch us If I am pulled over, I know they gon be on it Cause it's hot in here and I got no L like the '72 Dolphins Woooh, race my niggas And I bet you never pass me like a free safety, nigga I'm Polamalu, 600 the newest model My newest motto to use a condom with newest models Uhh, got a hundred on the dash, young Ya ain't killers ya'll got hundred yard dash guns I'm a rare one, camo's and some rare ones Where I'm from is a circus hope you don't expect a fair one Dropping hundreds like it ain't nothin' Really it was but you know I never sayin' nothin' {M-M-Maybach Music} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Styles P f/ Jadakiss Album: Shots Fired 12" Song:	Shots Fired Typed by: ArsenalGear1776@yahoo.com Jadakiss: 	D-Block, Double R, Time Is Money... Niggaz is cowards. Load up nigga Styles P: 	Let's go J:	Yo, we woulda been killed you S:	Why even bother, nigga? J:	You ratted on Prim S:	He prolly ya father, nigga J:	In New York you was never a don S:	Niggaz knew you was a rat when you made Ghetto Koran J:	Had names in the daily news S:	Shot you nine times J:	You could barely move S: 	D-Block got the tenth shot J:	Fuck it... S:	Let's air the dude 	You dissed Ja Rule J:	Took his style and ran wit it S:	Singin' on the hooks the same J:	Bitch you done Scanned wit it S:	And don't try to diss a D-Block crook J:	Fuck sales, you hear your boss on a D-Block hook 	We do shows in New York S:	Nigga we not shook J: 	If it's war get the four S:	Put his head to the floor J:	So we can show his faggot man how his Reeboks look S:	And you could all die in an instant J:	For instance... S:	Tre pound leave ya ass smokin' like incense J:	The four pound'll make ya man smoke like a Winston [HOOK] Shots fired J:	Man in a hole nigga Shots fired S:	Tell G Unit to roll, nigga Shots fired J:	Nine times? The tenth one'll do it to him Shots fired S:	Somebody better tell him we'll ruin him Shots fired J:	50 keep runnin' his lips, nigga Shots fired S:	Damn, you already been hit, nigga Shots fired J:	We don't give a fuck if you rich, nigga Shots fired S:	Get the fuck off our dicks, nigga Shots fired S:	Get Rich or Die Tryin'... J:	Was a classic S:	Now you rich and you tryin' to die... J:	You'ze a dumb bastard S:	We gon' be hesitant, can't see the beast J:	And you roll wit more police than the muthafuckin' president S:	Bitch nigga, he get peeled J:	Like we ain't know he cock-blocked Game out his Reebok deal S:	Plus he had the label like “Don't let him drop” J:	“Let my niggaz drop first so they won't let it rock” & S:	Bitch-made nigga J:	Got a problem wit us? Come see us wit a gun S:	Or a switchblade, nigga J:	Damn, we thought you knew S:	Got ya shit sprayed, nigga J:	You been pussy since that sheepskin S:	Fifth grade nigga J:	Niggaz stole ya bike... S:	Cuz you was pussy J:	Tried to take ya life... S:	Cuz you was pussy J:	Now we gon' take ya mic... S:	Cuz you was pussy J:	Left the hood and hired the cops 	Just your luck S:	We the ones dat fire dem shots [HOOK] J:	You wasn't real wit me S:	Now you gotta deal wit me J:	Imma get you the same tombstone as the real 50 S:	For all of y'all who hear us 	The bigger the nigga is, the more pallbearers J:	Y'all be wit the cops, we the 4-4 wearers S:	Y'all scared of the block, same ones we tear up 	Don't get near us J:	You could never worry me S:	I know you been to jail... J:	You also been to therapy S:	In the hood ‘til they bury me J:	I heard you did a Shock bid in Lakeview 	If my man woulda knew then he woulda ate you S:	How bout... J:	He was in the bunk right next to you 	And I coulda made him put a L-O-X on you S:	All you niggaz together ain't got enough bars for us 	Heard a bunch of shit from y'all, none of it was hard to us J:	Kill his ass if there's no cops & he's not wired S:	You can't come back to New York, nigga Shots Fired [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P, Kojoe & Jaecyn Bayne Album: Terminal 3 Presents The Academy Song: Body Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] I dream about bodyin everybody Catch 'em in the party, goin out like a kamikaze Gettin on the mic, 1-2 check with a bomb on my chest Everybody say they prayers we see Allah in a sec Wake up, shake up, reality bites Rather kill you, to see what your salary like So who wanna get popped in the neck Tell your homey I'm back, just like the opposite of his chest If he don't wanna get played I suggest he eject like a whack rapper CD that they put in my deck And them gutter niggaz say I'm the best Bitch niggaz never knew it in the first place, so I don't stress Contest - ain't no contest - how I'm gon' rep And you know that I get in your neck E'rybody know I'm gon' last E'ry rapper name is 50 when I'm done, how I cut 'em in half [Kojoe] Yo, body down in the hood like lil' nigga several wins A veteran, shit on intelligence, no one's innocent Can't feed men's attention on the street you're just illiterate Mothers better at life, shiverin nice Ring her and figurin out, enemies'll, I need some piff in me Don't sleep on my shaky eyes, see better than 'piphany Fuck the bulletproof window, smithereens I'm a product of kamikaze death that's def to me I ain't into limitin visions my thoughts infinite Makin a livin with spittin if not - four-fifthin it Called the samurai that's what I'm stickin to, mess with the shots Like a soundtrack to a slum, gettin hit and bruised [Jaecyn Bayne] It's time for the horns and 21 gun salute It's Bayne, The Ghost, and behind us is a ton of troops Killin the game, so why would you even want to shoot? Keep your cool whips, I'm ridin shotty in a Tundra Coupe The competition's astonished at how we on this mission A monster spittin they gotta honor, it's honest living Beyond the writtens and withdrawn from constant prison Recondition conditions for enemy decomposition Yeah~! I let my bars do my dirty work Your flow fragile, at least could give it the sturdy verse The earthy perk, got my eyes red, Morgan Freeman Got me focused, dead Presidents is more than freedom Barack owe and my stock flow I shock folks Electrifyin execution spittin mock volts Yes me and the S.P. got your spotty now Dot your crown, poppin sounds 'til your body down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ TL Cross Album: 'Til it All Falls Down 12" Song: 'Til it All Falls Down Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: TL Cross] (Jadakiss) The one thing y'all don't know about me, I don't play, so just beware You catch me up in V.I.P. up in the club that's my atmosphere Plus I got, money to spend I keep, gettin it in from the hood so I don't play fair And I'm a be (What's Up!) Livin it up (What's Up!) Keep, gettin up (What's Up!) Keep, throwin it up (EH HEHHHHHH!!!!) Until it all falls down [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yeah! Yo! Break the peas down to onions, money in abundance I'm in the lower millions I'm tryin to get in the hundreds Niggas pants too tight to fight, so they don't want it Pay for somebody to protect you so where your gun at? Been there done that, seen the coke come back Seen niggas come home from jail then run back Singin the same sad song my nigga won that Negative energy stick to him like a thumb tack  Real hustler probably sold a milion and one packs Niggas think they smart and nice but they dumb wack It's only 'til you crack they skull give 'em a mumwrap When it's cold I reside wherever the sun's at Son's back...what!!!!! [Chorus: Cross] (Jadakiss) The one thing y'all don't know about me I don't play, so just beware (UH UH!!! What's up!) You catch me up in V.I.P. up in the club that's my atmosphere (Uh huh! What's Up!) Plus I got, money to spend I keep gettin it in from the hood so I don't play fair (EH HEHHHHHHHH!!!) And I'm a be (What's Up!) Livin it up (EH HEHHHH!) Keep, gettin up (What's Up!) Keep, throwin it up (UH! YEAH! UH!!!!) Until it all falls down [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yo! Top of the league, three piece suits or fatuges All I gotta do is look a certain way and you'll bleed Four words describe me, niggas can't fuck around Fishscale verses, prices go up and down Put it out there, see if it taste right Young Jewish bulldog keepin the case right Apartment on the fourth floor keepin the base right Jacksons and Benjamins keepin the safe right First and the fifteenth is when we break nights Bunch of red beams on your head like break lights Bitches that fucked everybody turned into fake dykes Plus bitin a whole day it's 'gon be a great night LET'S GO!!!! [Chorus: TL Cross] (Jadakiss) The one thing y'all don't know about me I don't play, so just beware (UH UH!!! What's up!) You catch me up in V.I.P. up in the club that's my atmosphere (Uh huh! What's Up!) Plus I got, money to spend I keep gettin it in from the hood so I don't play fair (Uh huh! What's Up!)) And I'm a be (What's Up!) Livin it up, keep, gettin up (EH HEHHHHHHHH!!!) Keep, throwin it up (UH!) Until it all falls down [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yeah! Yo! Dice hittin the wall, decks gettin shuffled Nines gettin wiped down tek's gettin muffled Calico's in the plastic stacks in the duffle Niggas comin through gettin racks off the muscle Yo asked me for money I ain't asked you to hustle The industry is hurt they lookin for the next Russell The hip hop cops outside waitin to cuff you The Bloods is on Rikers Island waitin to touch you Niggas on the outside just wantin to abduct you Dudes turned their back on you that you looked up to Keep throwin mine in the air, I got enough to I don't like spendin my money nigga I love to Love to.......WHAT!!!!! [Chorus: TL Cross] (Jadakiss) The one thing y'all don't know about me I don't play, so just beware (UH UH!!! What's up!) You catch me up in V.I.P. up in the club that's my atmosphere (Uh huh! What's Up!) Plus I got, money to spend I keep gettin it in from the hood so I don't play fair (Uh huh! What's Up!)) And I'm a be (What's Up!) Livin it up, keep, gettin up Keep, throwin it up, Until it all falls down Artist: Ruff Ryders (L.O.X.) Album: Too Gangsta for Radio Song: In Too Deep Typed by: twin_78@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [P.K] Yeah....P. Killer.....L-O-X....Ruff Ryders [Styles] Holiday Styles, catdaddy show me the green And if not, show me the work, show me the fiends I be writing in the week 'cause I know the routine Pardon you, light grey off the ?marteen? Nickel the wheels, used to have to whistle for sales And now I cop work every tip of the scales And I can make money for bait, sittin' in jail Walk by the C.O., hittin' an L Ayyo, this is for the industry, consider it rep I'll dis any nigga you name, you give me a check Old school, new school, hungry nigga not signed  He ain't saying shit if he ain't talking with a glock nine Please don't call the cops We got beef, then the shells will pop I'm tryin' to hit you while you park Hop in, push you over, take it up the block But I know the jakes is coming, ya man's a snitch Wakes is comin' so start getting candles lit I'mma show you how the hustlers handle shit I'll crack your head like a customer with grams and spliff Family shit, but ain't no picnics involved just a trip to the zoo Dressed in all brown with a banger in your shoe In too deep in the yard with a thousand niggas just like you, cocksucker [Jadakiss] A thousand niggas just like you Narcs is trying to crack down, coke went back down It's hard to get green, but everybody got brown They know I got the China for 15 in the diner 20 after 12 in the building, see the minors Martega massacare  You run around buying bundles, I get eggs from Africa Burn the block for a year then I'm stashin' ya and snatch the truck Free bile with half the dutch While they got you on the wall, I'm crackin' up And the police could send you shookin'  When they ask you if you wanna cut them a deal that send you bookin' In the bullpen with dopeheads and niggas from Brooklyn  You scared to move, another nigga wearin' ya jewels By the time you get upstairs, he wearin' ya shoes Got the blood ?cane yettas? and niggas with the coofys In the dayroom, blowin' each other like Lucys Matter how big you are or strong you are Right or wrong, you all get along with star Just toe to toe with you with the cannon in your face Motherfuck lappin', here's a stare to face--BLAW!  [Sheek] {*overlapping last line*} Sheek got niggas that'll cover his tracks when he walkin' in mud And use gats with no noise when he dealin' with blood But they bounce to one bone to the next, like bitches Hole small enough to use band-aids, no stiches Everything's eternal from my life to my journal It's deeper than secrets government keepin' So bounce with me if you don't wanna fall on the weekend Or die the weekend, literally, fly off the beacon Talk slick and get send somethin' quick Only nigga hard enough to look up to me is my dick My clique the boss, we don't take no loss When we flow, the whole room smell like tobasco sauce Come in your crib with something hot, dead in your brain And watch your family jump around like the House of Pain All the numbers takin' off my Benz, no name Just tints on the window so you can't see through While my gun is at your face like, "Peek-a-boo!" I'm teasin' you like an invisible string Tied to a bag of money, when your reach, I'll pull Clip hard to stay full, nigga, we in too deep I rock niggas to sleep, like a Jew, I'm too cheap Fuck a car show; I don't wanna be around nothing that can heat And I'm 2-7-30, gimme your gun clean It's comin' back to you dirty, nigga, watch the birdie Hook: [Styles] If you a player in the game and you in too deep And you get knocked, yo, please don't snitch [Jadakiss & P.K] That's my word [Styles] Take your time like ya man do in front of the judge Ayyo, dog, don't be no bitch [Jadakiss & P.K] Dog, ya heard? [Styles] 'Cuase if we all get knocked then we all get locked Word is bond, won't be no clique [Jadakiss & P.K] That's for real [Styles] Ayyo, sex, money, murder, music, and drugs Big chains and plenty of whips [Jadakiss & P.K] That's all we know [Jadakiss] Uh, N...I...???? [P.K] What?....L-O-X........Double R.....P. Killer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX Album: Training Day soundtrack Song: Dirty Ryders Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [The Lox] Yeah, yeah, yeah What up Looch (What up, what up D-Block) We did it again shocks, no doubt Yeah (It's The Lox!) Still, ain't nothin' changed (Still a ghost) It's still a ghost baby (Come on, what's up, yeah, yeah, yeah) You see me don't say shit nigga (Grab ya burner and bust off) What (Uh huh, uh huh) yo, hey yo... [Sheek] You know that motherfucker Sheek Looch is a gladiator Like Russell Crowe, with my heat in a rad-iator I come through slow you out there I'm lettin' it go I got fire for ya ducks you want lissome dro That's why I ain't got mercy for pigs Off the roof, I let shit parachute to their wigs and their kids I treat their face like I'm goin' to my safe Ten to the left, six to the right (Ha ha) 240 pounds and I ain't tryin' to fight And they don't make cuffs strong enough to lock me in And your vest ain't thick enough to stop all ten The sergeant be callin' up ya next-of-kin But FUCK THAT my guns gotta speech problem They stutter when they spit Go through you when they hit My shit ain't got no manners Chromed out sniper rifle with the tank bananas, uh uh [Hook: Jadakiss] Training day, you could hear the sirens All the cops crooked like who you people jivin' Head shots, shoot between the eyes And bullets in the dome like all you cowards dyin' Knife work, stab you in the heart and the throat And we don't leave till you gargle or choke And we Black Mob, L-O-X guerilla niggas Show you how to kill a nigga, you ain't got to feel a nigga [Styles] I love my niggas, why wouldn't I Die for my motherfuckers, how couldn't I Want a lot of things but it just ain't affordable Only thing that count when you die is what they thought of you Kid comin' through with a clip full of cop killers Booted out something decent Up to light a blunt, wild out, and shoot it out with the precinct Cops stay crooked, my niggas ain't nice see Cause the block stay cookin' I'm coolin' it off When the pigs come through they medullas is off Where I'm from dog you rude or you soft If you say you a killer niggas'll ask you who did you off So P keep this hustlin' up When it comes to these guns or these knives nigga I'm fuckin' you up And baby we can knuckle it up I'm always up for a brawl S-P and I done been through it all [Hook] [Sheek] Hey yo, now I know you seen niggas with half a bodies On top of skateboards, the work of shotties Shit bags and all that, back to potties I ain't a playa but my nine keeps em' hotties And we don't run when we hear [* Police Sirens *] I just hit em' off with cake so they give us a break And let us know who rattin' I leave their bodies in the middle of Manhattan Where Wall Street at, come on [Styles] I said all the cops hate us and they got a good reason to Forty bricks a month, no account unbelievable Homicide here and there, bitches in pajamas Holdin' llamas in they dairy-air, playin the fun We the 3-5-4 boys, play if you one All they do is call the cop on us See us in the hood they know we got the glocks on us Poppin' em' off Niggas call me the cab driver now I'm droppin em' off [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Tribute to the Notorious B.I.G. EP Song: We'll Always Love Big Poppa (Mmm... can't believe we doin this record) We'll always love Big Poppa We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *vocals get louder* We'll always love Big Poppa We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa (Yeah) We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) I look in the clouds, hope you past the sun Hope you right next to God and he calling you Son Taking you in, Angels breaking you in This is heaven and no longer do you have to sin And may God bless your mom and your two children Your wife, your family and all your friends Everybody stay strong, the good die young Where we from it's all wrong, we all confused Never know what we have til what we have we lose Think Big, we just lost a very big jewel Hip-hop itself is at a pit-stop itself Seeing Big die I wish the shit would stop itself It hurts, you're probably too good for this earth Genius at his work Made dirty cats wanna get a clean shirt Pop Cristal and rock they ice work (word), go Big *go Big* Everybody wanted to know Big Made the rap biz, glitter like showbiz Ask anybody, who could flow Big All the cats shined, but you would glow Big Frank White lyrically, moved niggaz spiritually Made you wanna get a cup, fill it up with Hennessee Front in the club and light a dutch where the women be If you seen the show then I know you felt the energy We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 8X* Just to let y'all know, everything is all real But it's sad when a good fella catch a raw deal And pain is a part of life that we all feel Today this whole rap game is getting more ill It make me look back, to where he took rap Dude brought the East back, y'all better believe that He never had a warning, One More Chance was right before him everybody must answer when God's callin I flew B's wit him, I blew trees wit him Couldn't wait to go on tour across seas wit him People seem to get lost and, blow things out of proportion Life is worth more than the coffin I need answers, and they better be the truth Hurts like a bad tooth, we losin mad youth Lyrically there'll never be no one above you And no matter how they judge you we always gonna love you We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 4X* Right now I know you missin it, smokin in peace After all this bullshit don't cease, huh Big Right now, you and Pac in harmony, probably huggin While everybody from Brooklyn to West coast is buggin All these gang wars, Big, show me a sign As for your son I'ma raise Shorty like he was mine (no doubt) It seems that the devil got his stinkin back whooped And we should pray for Jesus, and ask for forgiveness I can remember all the studio time, getting twisted Bottle after bottle, Bacardi Lime, I miss it We clicked like heels when we first met the Junior Ma-f-i-a and Big Po-ppa Nearly broke down four times writin this verse Filled with wild madness and sadness it hurts But ain't no need to cry, cause right now, where you at Is more laced than any place a millionaire lived at But it's sad that it takes that for us to unite The only time you see your family is funeral night Christopher Wallace, Frank White, holdin it down I guess you with the real king in New York now For real We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 6X* We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa *repeat 2X* We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa, Big Poppa... (We'll always love you Big) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles and Noreaga Album: Violator the Album: V2.0  Song: Come Thru Typed by: hcacatrachoxv3@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Vanity Fare's "Early in the Morning"] Evening, is the time of day I find, nothing much to say Don't know, what to do.. but I come to [Styles] Here's why they call me the ghost - I'm half live half dead And when there's beef I bring all of the toast And I got more guns than most of New York And I aint got to say shit cause the toasters'll talk Holiday Styles ignorant nigga Tre pound four pound still tearin off your ligament nigga I'm the hardest rapper out bitches diggin a nigga And like anybody who beef can swim in the river When I walk through the door all the children'll shiver It's like, "He's so gangsta - y'all so pussy" I murder y'all faggots so y'all don't push me All I know is goin through hell, blowin a shell I got, down so hard I thought no one'd tell But I was damn wrong, I hold it down like my man's gone I shoot anything I get my fuckin hands on to leave y'all coward niggaz bloody like a tampon [Noreaga] Yo.. E Nicks where you at nigga? Uhh, uhh, yo I'm sick and tired of rappers talkin 'bout, all this chedder And when you see them in the streets got a bullshit Jetta I'm like dog stop frontin, you shouldn't be braggin And why the fuck you got rims if you push a Volkswagen? I spit vicious, let my bank account switch digits And if money was height - you'd be midgets (go on nigga) I spit hard save it, sinner nigga affadavit And next to God, I'm most niggaz mom favorite Y'all talk gangsta but you notice the mob And I could bring you to the hood and get, both of you robbed You see I live in the streets, I sleep in the streets Fuck it - I probably got, more guns than police Niggaz say I'm too hard, them niggaz too soft Straight pussy, I heard they suck dick up North And it ain't so foul so, hold your breath And you probably still real just a gangsta left [Styles] All I can say this the game I chose For this European car and these name brand clothes Get respect from these niggaz, spit game at hoes Come down with a bounce and a strange-ass flow I got bigger than I thought I would I did shit that I thought I could Act rowdy cause I fought that good Them blocks is mine I bought that hood They know I squeeze, smoke trees, and blow bo-dies [Noreaga] And your boss even know, that y'all niggazs can get it Have y'all skeleton CRACKED, and some holes in your fitted Have your body chopped up, in six different lakes And you ain't even safe right in front of the Jakes They call me Stan Still, cause I fuckin just stand still And most of y'all niggazs run, plus your mans will Folded up in a corner, behind a van still And your hoes can get it, then your mans will Artist: Various Artists Album: Wake Up Everybody Song: Wake Up Everybody Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Wyclef Jean] My people in the east, sure, you gotta wake up Midwest, dirty south, girl you gotta stand up All my homies in the west, sure you gotta wake up Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up [Mary J. Blige] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Monica] Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way Maybe then they'll listen to what you have to say [Claudette Ortiz] Cause they're the one's who coming up The world is in their hands When you teach the children Teach them the better questions you can [Eve] Uh, huh, scream peace, do we mean it Can you feel it when we scream it out loud, do you believe that we need it Do you believe that it could get right Do you believe that the children of the world deserve a good life Well if you do it's time to wake up your mind We can make it better and I know it might take some time But we gotta start somewhere, how bout wit you and me From us it goes to others then we'll have our unity [Musiq] Wake up all the doctors, make the old people aware They're the ones who suffer, catch all the hair But they don't have so very long before their judgement day So won't you make them happy before they pass away [Ashanti] (Faith Evans) Wake up all the builders, time to build a new land I know we can do it long as we lend a hand The only thing we have to do is put it in my minds And surely things will work out cause they do it everytime (do it everytime) [Fabolous] (Brandy) I ain't here to take up y'all time I came to shake up y'all mind it's everybody's wake up call time I can't sleep too long while they do the people wrong Let's clean the world up before they sweep then gone This is real talk you can peep through songs So when you feel weak these words will keep you strong And help make a change for the better It's hard for one to do it but we can make some change if we do it together (heyy, yeah) The world will get no better, if we just let it be The world will get no better, we gotta change it yeah, you and me [Jadakiss] Set it off for the plan up here, we gotta stand up here And give thanks to the man upstairs Put the egos and the pride to the side regardless And just be role models, parents, artists And the stress won't take toll if you don't sweat it World won't get no better if we don't let it Let the negative energy ride, keep hope alive It's bout time that we opened out eyes, wake up [Jaheim] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Missy Elliott] Wooooo, yep, we all best to vote I don't care about the guns you tote Listen to me like you listened to Fahrenheit 9/11 Ain't no time for the second guessin' The words I speak, wake up, the ones who sleep Now leave the ships, fix your mouth to teach MC's teach the kids what's peace, they don't have to worry bout the police We make 'em rich so they don't have to thief Every artist here on this track, oh Will make a change here for young cats, oh This is for everybody, white or black You better go and vote and get up off your back Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, take the opportunity Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your responsibility Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your voice has to be heard Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, save the world, save the world Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Chris Rivers, Vinnie Paz Album: War Room {S} Song: War Room Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Styles P] Everybody turned up, me I'm just burned up Sour lit, piff lit, flyin through the district ... My swag's in the weed bag Live up in the hotel, hang out where the G's at Where the B's and the C's at? You fall back or you ease back But a real homie'll rise up Think of the 4-4 long, you got me sized up I'm too old for the dumb shh Cold for the numb shh, hand on the gun grip The top down with the blunt lit ... Flyin, thinkin of hundreds I'm in the juice game and the book game But I'm still rappin, got my mass and my cook game It's midnight but we 7-30 We legit, but forever dirty So even if I'm thin, G That old sweatsuit, got a pocket full of them Benji's I want a goose neck, and the Benz-y Still feel the pain from the cocaine frenzy '80s, '90s and 2-G's Know I was too G, listened to Kool G No gun or knife then I'm throwin the two-piece Cop me a new pair of kicks if my shoes crease Lines and holes just like a loose leaf Dope lines, bullet holes, homie is you sleep? Yeah, you better wake up then You ain't gettin it, get a job, cake up then If the nine don't work, throw the eight up then I'm a crooked dude, but I'ma tell you straight up then Yeah we both rap, but you know that the Ghost trap Back room from the back room with a dope track, yeah [Chris Rivers] I'm unchained, unblinded, unparallel minded As I refined to combine with the finest finds of a titan Vicious like lightning, Vikings enticed by full moons on islands Filled with the loot that eluded troops of a previous tyrant Devious rhymin, see me when writin, feastin with lions and preachin the science to help me sleep and reap the defiance No need for silence, my voice is heard through leagues of the darkness I'm preachin the marches, I be so deep I preach through a carcass and speak to the spirit, guaranteed deceased, read my lyrics Critique it and feel it, the best as since they dreamed of a phoenix In hopes of rebirth, I broke in the Earth when I spoke in reverse I wrote with compressed quota, put the diamond to dirt And grew a money tree in custody of Chris and dragon company My cutlery is comfortably the sharpest of the underlings And don't compare to no one, verbals like a shogun Hotter than the whole sun, bars are like a Volcan I split and form Voltron, an ocean's like a proton compared to my emotions, Chris Rivers got the potions that cures, I know the remedies, equity is never seen Type of guy you'll never meet and you'll sill have me in memories [Vinnie Paz] This guerrilla rap right here, life in a box Keep a razor under the tongue and slice with the ox You's a batti bwoi, you be in the cypher with cops And the Freedom Arm cool, but I'm nicer with Glocks Listen, I ain't gon' hold you, I'm liable to box And roll four-five-six with the dice on your blocks I'm a stealth bomb, move silent, sly as a fox And while you at it, maricón, say goodbye to your pops My hand speed move at 200 nautical knots The words' a gun, the rhyme is an audible shot A horrible plot, but this is just a hobby to him Like sippin Grey Goose, smokin Bob Marley with him You don't want war, you'll be countin bodies with him In his house, John Gotti was just godly to him Any East Coast paisan, probably kin Probably connected to South Philly robberies with him Your on-and-on cypher probably gin Lookin like you got the monster, remarkably thin The darker the sin, the darker that the sorcerer been That's the opposite of life, that's the start of your end Stupid! [Outro: Vinnie Paz] Hahahahahaha, Boxcutter Pazzy! Chris Rivers, Pinero the Ghost Killadelph, Valpensy to New York I'm not you rapper! I'm a G! Hahahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ruff Ryders (Drag-On, Eve, The L.O.X.) Album: WCW Mayhem: The Music Song: Pay Per View Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Drag-On] Uh, come on Uh, uh, uh, come on Come on, come on When Drag finger foreman I don't ever wanna get off Skip three, count to ten Ref. Griffin step to him Y'all know how the riders ride We always disqualified I'mma a total savage Like Lex Luger, you'll get the total package Straight power bomb like Kevin Nash and Sid Vicious Small like Ray Mysterious put y'all in big ditches Boy missing, it's that boy Drag from the kitchen Slap your man hand, get an equal ass whipping Roll like Wolf Pack, toss men like Four Horsemen And y'all can meet Drag in the middle of the ring Y'all can bang like I'm in the ping Before y'all hear the ding I bring the things that'll make ya sweat Make the blood sting You can be a big wrestler still I pimpin' ya The call me ‘The Crippler' leglock will cripple ya Cause I don't care who's the tallest My body slam's flawless Then run for governor like Jesse “The Body” Ventura [Jadakiss] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Jadakiss baby throw plenty of blows Cause the Ryders roll thick like N.W.O. Everybody wanna shine until they get Steiner lined Show vital signs, pinned till three Yo ain't leave with the belt, then you ain't win to me Cause I'm the heavy weight champ I'll give you a title shot You better bring your – cause I always win the match Run up in your dressing room chair to your head Then I choke slam your manager and leave with the bread Don't matter what the price is I'm copping the – I hop off the top rope and chop you in the throat Come through like Sting all black with a bat Then I drop you like Goldberg right on your back You know styling and profiling like Ric Flair dressed me Sort of like Kipman, all the chicks think I'm sexy Ruff Ryders, WCW, you wanna test me [All] No matter how it go down I'm putting you under Whether it's Monday Night Nitro Or Thursday Night Thunder A Pay Per View event where everybody get bent I'm trying to knock your ass out And make sure your pinned No matter how it go down I'm putting you under Whether it's Monday Night Nitro Or Thursday Night Thunder A Pay Per View event where everybody get bent I'm trying to knock your ass out And make sure your pinned [Eve] This chick known for body slamming Spines I split in half Think this one here's a joke I'm gon lay back and let your laugh Till I put you in the sleeper Dead to the world A three count ain't gon save you From the power of this girl Leg drop from the top to your throat Now how you feel? Figure four to end it all And people thinking this ain't real The belt is mine and I'm gon keep it that way Cause I'm the champ Blondy kill ‘em, Blondy kill ‘em, yo You hear the voices chant My dogs walk me out to the ring And pile around Give me a minute till it's over Tag teams you're going down I'm feared like Miss Elizabeth She's wrecking all Cowards better stay away Cause I ain't scared of none of y'all Calling anybody out that think they ready for this fight Clothes line just to set it off You better say goodnight and say your prayers Cause believe you ain't gon walk away smiling Ruff Ryders, WCW, we stay wiling [Styles] I'm like Diamond Dallas Page Guaranteed to leave you screaming Cause you talk too much Like you Bobby “The Brain” Heenan You probably match out Like I'm buff like Bagwell Red shoe like The Cat give me your heart I do damage like I'm managed by Jimmy The Hart Somebody tell Mean Gean go and talk to Benero I'mma always be around like fast Eddie Gabero Rap off wrestling, call me the colonel I'mma make you dance around like you Disco Inferno I'mma do the Ruff Ryder till I rock your world Then I'm leaving out the building with the Nitro girls Bald headed with tattoos just like I'm Saturn So watch when you talk I'm stronger than Scott Noan I'mma always make my ending perfect like Curt Henning I'mma always start trouble too, WCW SP, heavy weight champ, who the – are you? [All] No matter how it go down I'm putting you under Whether it's Monday Night Nitro Or Thursday Night Thunder A Pay Per View event where everybody get bent I'm trying to knock your ass out And make sure your pinned No matter how it go down I'm putting you under Whether it's Monday Night Nitro Or Thursday Night Thunder A Pay Per View event where everybody get bent I'm trying to knock your ass out And make sure your pinned The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Eve, Styles Album: We Gonna Make It 12" Song:	We Gonna Make It (Remix) Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] Uhh, uh Fuck.. the.. frail shit Uhh, cause when my coke come in they gotta use the scales that they weigh the whales wit [Styles] Carsons on the jeep, but Gotti made the prototype Hoped you get the picture but you just can't photo light [Jadakiss] Determined niggaz make it Kickin down the door and we burnin niggaz naked [Styles] The house costs a million, sittin on the beach And the only thing I know - if it's furnished, I'ma take it [Jadakiss] My bathtub lift up, my walls do a 360 We got the shit that the government got Talkin money then you rubbin the spot [Stlyes] Real niggaz say that they be wildin We on the Cayman Islands; on a yacht wit our favorite albums [Jadakiss] A bad hoe and a plate of salmon Smokin and drinkin, nigga is you thinkin that our fate is violent? [Styles] I love my nigga for the fact that he real And nobody on the faculty squeal, what [Jadakiss] And if you facin capital pun, pass me a gun And I'ma give you time to run, while I rapidly peel, uh [Chorus 2X: Jadakiss] We.. gon'.. make it We gon' make it, we gon' make it [Eve] Uh, c'mon E-V-E, call it a bug in your ear, you never kill Still woulda been a threat to you bitches without a deal Life a little liver, I went from hangin out to socializin Mind frame change once the dough arrives You bitches happy with a touch and a thrill, I need a lot of paper My stimulation comes from snatchin up deals How many times I gotta tell you, silly? Don't no corny shit come outta Philly And I'ma push it 'til the world feel me I'm still as hungry as the day I began And gettin comfortable to let you in ain't part of the plan I need some private jets, fly to islands to watch the sun set A country ranch with throughbreds as pets Nothin less than the rich bitch, and watch me take it Chickens ain't a threat to the girl, we gon' make it Keep it crackin like you wouldn't believe, Double R Hot shit, the hottest shit, Styles, Jada and Eve, what? [Styles] It's about time I blow And if I don't do my numbers dog I still got my aces We robbin industry niggaz, hands on your jewels And if it's money in the pocket, then DeNiro gotta take it A dog caught a body, still runnin, that's the basics First nigga in the hood to get his car a facelift All my niggaz know more money, more cases Front if you want, that's my gun in yo' faces My reputation alone should speak for itself I come prepared with the chrome and bust the heat for myself I got a little brother in heaven, my niggaz on the corner in the yard that'd love to see the God or the seven Point 5-4-I-L might not sell, but what the FUCK When it comes to bein' hard, I'ma legend Double R, Styles +is the streets+ And the kids pick up shit quick, they gotta see they fathers eat And my niggaz is all I got So if I gotta go to war with y'all team I'm leavin all y'all shot [Styles speaking over chorus] That's right, we gon' make it We got no choice but to make it We got kids to feed, we got people in jail that need packages We brothers on the corner, we gotta make them step their game up We gotta stop gettin arrested We gon' make it, we gon' get this paper I swear we will The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Common, Nas, Styles P, Anthony Hamilton Album: Why Remix 12" Song: Why (Remix) Typed by: Ydog88@yahoo.com [Intro - Anthony Hamilton] All that I'm given It's this pain that I'm living (The Remix, The Remix) They got me in the system Why they gotta do me like that [Styles P] Why is garbage music selling a lot Why is the music industry state of mind real far from Hip Hop Why vote republican if you black Why build more jails, less schools cause we under attack Why I keep the fo' pound in the air The revolution will not be televised if around here Why keep my right fist in the sky I let them know that "We Gonna Make It," don't plan our demise Why you gotta teach your kids on your own Cuz when you get in the zone, they bringing you in, you both getting cloned Why we still gotta pray to Allah It's Hip Hop, this the New World Order and they playin us hard Why rappers getting protection Why the country ain't flipped when they jerked the votes the last election Why die for all my beliefs I gotta look at my kids I rather smile then cry when he's sleep That's why [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] Why Why they got me strugglin, why All the brothas caught behind bars Drained up in the system going crazy I'm battling my pistol going why [Common] Why do they say I changed for a girl Why you worried bout my clothes if my flow gonna change the world Why you wait till you 30 then try to be hard Why I gotta have religion if I believe in God Why is Bush acting like he trying to get Osama Why don't we impeach him and elect Obama Why ain't Rick James remembered for classic hits Why do we remember Rick for smackin a bitch Why did Ricky Williams retire, they mad at Miami Why did Justin sell Janet out and go to the Grammy's Why you kill on every song, why you frown at discriminance So many thrones, why we argue who is the King Why it's over for gangsta, why it's over for bling Why they hype Britney up, they know she can't sing Why a whip and a chain the black american dream Why I know it in my heart it remains unseen Why [Chorus} [Nas] Registered voter not blood of a panther Why is the question what is the answer Got a suggestion, here's an example Won't we build our own airline, states, and highways Fly to Africa, do some trades with Zimbabwe Why did Malcolm's mission die with the man Why we ain't pick it up where he left it and carry out his plan Why the merger try to exclude L.A. Reid He brought you Usher, Outkast top-selling CD's Why do half America got AIDS Why do schools care about your son's braids more than they care for his grades Why they hate our white t-shirts and hats turned backwards And why is Jesus Christ never played by black actors And why there ain't a MC that can touch me nor budge me And why is Nas the best thing in rap since Chuck D And why this record ain't sell 5 mill yet Jada's as real as it get Put my money where my mouth is And do something bout this [Jadakiss] Yo by thugs I'm surrounded Tell me why is it the money motivates me but the love keeps me grounded Why my cases ain't get thrown out Why team USA keep getting blown out Why the Democratic part ain't getting with me Why they still hanging black bodies in Mississippi Yea, why did governor McGrevey get caught with a lizard Why they take away Shyne's phone calls and visits Why I been hot for 7 years Why the new M5 come with 7 gears Please tell me why y'all keep making that trash Why they reinstating the draft, why is it so much hating you have And why sell records and keep working Why we go on stage with the bread with the feet working It's real, why when I loved on die you miss them Why it took for me to make "Why" for y'all to listen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ DMX, Drag-On, Eve, Sheek Louch, Styles P, Swizz Beatz Album: Who's Real 12" Song: Who's Real (Ruff Ryders Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Swizz] Ruff Ryders, we back ['Kiss] AH-HAH! [Swizz] You know the streets don't know how to act [Intro: DMX] Let's go! (OKAY!) That's what it is man, ya mean? (yeah!) It don't change baby, geah! We got 'Kiss on the joint! (c'mon!) C'mon, we got Swizz on the joint! (c'mon!) [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] + (DMX) He's phony, she's fake (she's fake!) That's the type of people I hate (I hate!) If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} [Interlude: Swizz Beatz] + (DMX) Wait a minute - who's real, who's not? (who's not?) She's real, but he's not (he's not!) If you real and you know it clap your hands (clap your hands) {*clap clap*} If you real and you know it clap your hands {*clap clap*} [Jadakiss] + (Swizz) Remix, uh-huh, remix Clap clap, clap, AH-HAH! (Jada Jada!) Yo, you know what I do to you Turn your festivities right into a funeral, the body look beautiful Now you could let 'em know it's real wherever 'Kiss at Ya face get broke though, I don't know who could fix that Might have to ask 'Ye that, I don't play that I was movin that Vana White before Sajack 500 stacks in the condo, pronto Handshakes, eye contact when I convo Fake and the phony don't mix Real homies roll thick, real Roleys don't tick You're lyin - and your stupid ass chains How the fuck you expect people to believe them is real diamonds (E-V-E!) [Eve] + (Swizz) Now.. who's fake, who's real? Top chick in the game wear the crown still Yeah, I vacated for a while Mocha tan got ya man goin wild Maserati the body, charmed out the Bugatti Can't nobody stop me, all they could do is watch me Now freeze (freeze) chill (chill) Where my ladies in the place that's real? (oh yeah) [Chorus] - without DMX ad libs [Drag-On] + (Swizz) (Get 'em Drag!) I go to sleep as a gremlin and wake up as a demon Be a four-headed monster by the afternoon Now the nigga sold me a scope and the lens don't zoom (so what?) Now I gotta run up on 'em, BOOM! My flow sound like the definition of Attica Extended the A-R to give it more stamina Knock knock, who's the next challenger? So I can embarrass 'em on camera (S.P. the Ghost) [Styles P] + (Swizz) I'm like Billy the Kid or Bill Gates Deal with the real and never the real fake E'rybody hustlin and they all deal weight When they get around them thugs they don't all feel safe (bounce on 'em) Every rapper Blood or Crip that gon' bang You be with the cops who's soft ass gang Come to D-Block you would've lost that chain Or an M-16 woulda offed yo' brain (D-Block, Sheek Louch!) [Sheek Louch] + (Swizz) If you keep that hammer on your waist, clap your hands No jewelry, just a couple rubber bands Yeah, you real and you know it, take the skinny jeans back Take the Auto-Tune off and stop actin all soft If you love it in the hood, clap your hands Late night strip club, mami do the dance Yeah, Sheek Louch, Donnie the Gorilla got cake yo Lay low, eyes closed, I see who's fake though (Ruff Ryders!) [DMX] Okay okay, let 'em go, Dog keep them fightin Niggaz don't know then, let's get to fightin Y'all walk like that, but I walk like this Y'all look the other way but I'm startin shit Fuck y'all niggaz who ain't built like Dog B.F.W. - Built For War! I LIKE this hook, I LIKE this beat This the type of shit that let me talk to the street Been in the game, winnin the game Still in the game, cause of you it's still a game Y'all niggaz is still playin, but I don't (NOT) Y'all niggaz apologize, but I won't (NOT) Let Dog go last to air shit out Beast on the track, I'ma bear shit out Go go gorilla! I'm a hostile nigga That's what you get for runnin your mouth niggaz [Outro: Swizz Beatz] Ruff Ryders, Ryders, Ryders, Ryders... Artist: 2 Chainz f/ Jadakiss Album: T.R.U. REALigion Song: One Day at a Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] I like to take it one day at a time I like to take it one, ooh Yea, I like to take it one day at a time I like to take it one [2 Chainz] Broken home, tell me what the fuck is wrong Now I gotta charge a brick for a song Trap guy, turned into a rap guy No suit on but I still got trap ties Argyles, pastels and some neckties Shawty on the pill, ex' file 40 hit 'em, leave 'em wet, baptized And you know I'm a sucker for long hair and wet thighs Mamacita baby, this is Kama Sutra I got a present for you boo you lookin at the future As far as the past, never mind that I don't know who's finer, you or this wine glass And you must rewind that if you don't get it Got a taste of the good life and tracks is what I'm eatin My chromosomes read Georgia Dome Icy watch, I don't mind spendin time alone [Jadakiss] Yo, get the clip out of the ash tray, put it in the air Grab my cell phone, call my engineer Yea, last night I was on one Quick car wash, then I make a mall run I'm a different brother Louie store spendin chips on some kicks I already got, different color 40 cali chrome, on deck Gotta meet with my connect later on down in Mallycom All the Kush gone, gotta collect On this mean five team parlay that a bush gone Weed man comin with a half a zip 30 minutes in the trap is a half a brick Always hustle to get it I never ask for shit If it's family or money I might have to flip I'ma say it if it's on my mind I like to take it one day at a time [2 Chainz] Never on the guest list, always unexpected In so many checks I should make a checklist Lookin at these emcees like they should make a death wish Got my girl in the kitchen, cookin ambidextrous Left wrist, right wrist, whip that, white bitch This is a lifestyle, I didn't have to write this Look at my Hublot, watch how the light hit Look at my new ho, watch how the light hit I done did the dollars up, die nigga Too dehydrated to cry nigga I was struggling, had a time limit I wish this Aquafina bottle had wine in it I wish that pussy had a sign in it that said "Want it? If you hit it then you mine nigga" Damn, that crazy bitch on that crazy shit If you don't make money it don't make sense The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Jadakiss Album: Loyal to the Game Song: N.I.G.G.A. (Never Ignorant About Getting Goals Accomplished) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Niggaz!"} Yeah.. uh.. {"Niggaz!"} [Verse One: 2Pac] Who's afraid of the punk police? Niggaz run the streets, no justice no peace Fuck the law, I'd rather draw than do time Don't fuck with mine 'cross the line my two nines go BIYA BIYA when I shoot 'em Korean motherfuckers was crooked so niggaz had to burn and loot 'em Now the streets ain't safe at night, my niggaz .. uhh, straight take his life So don't sleep when my team creep up, how we hit 'em Empty the clip, then dip cause we did 'em Lickin off shots for Latasha, that's proper Love for my niggaz but a glock for the coppers So what the fuck you wanna do now? I packed a nine last year In ninety-nine I'm packin two now And even if they pull they triggers, they can shoot one man But nuttin's gonna stop the plan of true niggaz {"Niggaz!"} Yeah, niggaz - can't fuck with us {"Niggaz!"} Yeah, niggaz Cause bein a nigga means you love niggaz, haha {"Niggaz!"} I was raised in this society so there's no way you can expect me to be a perfect person, cause I'ma do what I'ma do [Jadakiss] HA!!! Uhh.. Aiyyo! [Verse Two: Jadakiss] My dimes make the fiends go to sleep, so they call 'em Bedrocks Niggaz is like photographers, all they take is headshots Your last words'll be, damn, what's all these red dots? Niggaz nowadays they worry me My bars is therapy, as long as you usin 'em thoroughly Muah 'til the day that they bury me My niggaz is stronger and tighter now than they probably ever be And I'm a product of the 70's The hood got niggaz on punishment, that's why they never leave If I ain't eatin wit'chu I'm probably beefin wit'chu If no money ain't involved ain't no need for me speakin wit'chu I know you got a gun but I'm hopin you keep it wit'chu Cause unfortunately I'm one of the rappers that keep a pistol and know what the llama do, Shady/Aftermath Ruff Ryders, D Block, and of course Amaru Lot of people honor you, probably cause the way that you used to bring the drama to, whoever you wanted to You a leader when you can get a leader to follow you But, anyway, life goes on So I'll see you when I art in heaven like our fathers do {"Niggaz!"} Nigga! Can't fuck with us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Butch Cassidy, Styles P Album: Nu Mixx Klazzics Vol.2 - Evolution: Duets And Remixes Song: Pain (Remix) Typed by: chaloveli@gmail.com [Tupac] They'll never take me alive, I'm gettin' high with my four-five Cocked on these suckas, time to die Even as a youngster causin' ruckus on the back of the bus I was a fool all through high school kickin' up dust But now I'm labelled as a trouble maker who can you blame? Smokin' weed helped me take away the pain So I'm hopeless rollin' down the freeway swervin, don't worry I'm about to crash up on the curb cause my visions blurry Maybe if they tried to understand me, what should I do? I had to feed my fuckin' family, what else could I do But be a thug Out slangin' with the homies Fuck hangin' with them phonies in the club Got my mind on danger Never been a stranger to homicide My cities full of gang bangers and drive bys Why do we die at an early age He was so young But still a victim of the 12 gauge My memories of a corpse Mind full of sick thoughts And I ain't goin back to court So fuck what you thought I'm drinkin' hennessey Runnin from my enemies will I live to be 23 There's So Much Pain [Chorus: Butch Cassidy {Styles P.}] I'ma solider 'till I die {I'ma die a thug} Keep standin' by my side I'll admit i'm gettin' high Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? Momma's standin on the streets Gotta get back on my feet Stressed so much can't sleep {So Much Pain, So Much Pain} Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? [Styles P] I've seen a couple niggas shot in the brain Seen a couple niggas shot in the frame And i'm tryin to maintain, tell the truth though The shit ain't the same, i'ma die a thug And fuck it it's the blood in my veins Why complain 'cause we all gon' die, but I can wait I'm the letter after F and right before H I'ma G, nigga see nigga the pain in my eyes Playa playa play the game ya die I do a buck eighty five in the rain in the ride Eatin hot from the flame of the nine No stranger to danger am I Matter of fact i'll be bangin for mine Got a closet full of guns and i'm hangin wit' mine +So Much Pain+ Yeah I spend years doin' sicker shit If I cried the tears would prolly be blood and liquor mixed And you ain't seen no nigga on no thicker shit Lifes a bitch betcha that All my niggas that twisted it [Chorus: Butch Cassidy {Styles P.}] I'ma solider 'till I die {I'ma die a thug} Keep standin' by my side I'll admit i'm gettin' high Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? Momma's standin on the streets Gotta get back on my feet Stressed so much I can't sleep {So Much Pain, So Much Pain} Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? [Tupac] They got me mobbin like I'm Loc'ed and ready to get my slug on I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me Trust, I got my glock cocked playa if they press me Bust on motherfuckers with a - paaassion Better duck cause I ain't lookin when I'm - blaaastin I'm a nuttin drinkin Hennessey and gettin' high On the lookout for my enemies, don't wanna die Tell me why cause this stress is gettin' major A buck-fifty across the face with my razor What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone Keep my brain on the game and stay head strong These sorry bastards Want to kill me in my sleep but will they can I see And everyday it just a struggle Steady thuggin' in the streets And i'll be ballin' loc Don't let 'em make you worry Keep swingin' at these suckas till you buried I was born to raise hell, a nigga from the gutta, With a mother on drugs I'm kickin dust up Ready to bust I'm on the scene steady muggin' mean Until they kill me I'll be livin this life I know you feel me There's So Much Pain [Chorus: Butch Cassidy {Styles P.}] I'ma solider 'till I die {I'ma die a thug} Keep standin' by my side I'll admit i'm gettin' high Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? Momma's standin on the streets Gotta get back on my feet Stressed so much I can't sleep {So Much Pain, So Much Pain} Lifes so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry? [Tupac + Styles P] So Much Pain There's so Much Pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ Styles P Album: Konvicted Song: Blown Away Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Akon] + (Styles P) Geah (crazy) It's one of the things man you gotta experience to know what I'm talkin about (ha ha) It's where the going gets rough (Akon) The tough stay tough (Styles P) Ah-HAH! Upfront, let's go! Konvict, Konvict, ha ha We in too deep to turn back now D (sure is) Watch yourself, 'fore you get (watch) blown away [Styles P] You know where I come from The place where your fade is a mic or a bull or dum-dum A jail cell, a pine box and brothers are dumb young Still bust a gun for the slum that they come from Cops is the only ones they gon' run from They puttin they hood up But nine out of ten of us ain't got good luck You gon' ride on a man and catch 25 (blown away) Or get hit and get sent to the other side You lose both sides of the coin So me, I play the hood baby, nine in the groin Momma got a little church I could join but I ain't go yet Man got a mosque I could join but I ain't go yet Cool with the devil on my back, I'm in cold sweats About to do some dirt, in some dirty black old sweats If you known you should've shown the way (blown away) Most the hood, on the path to get blown away [Chorus: Akon] Cause I was raised up to show no fear Cowardly hearts'll never last long here If you ain't man up to make shit clear Guaranteed you'll get blown away Cause I done seen the block break down tears And I done seen the cops break my peers Tryin to hold on a couple mo' years Tryin not to get blown away [Akon] See I ain't never shot nobody, but I'm known for fightin So when I strike man you think you been struck by lightning Shouldn't have to prove myself by killin a nigga Even a child can take a life by pullin a trigger Retaliation only takes anger mixed with passion See your target in the distance and keep on blastin They say, "Guns don't kill people, people do" So when you hit man you feel that shit them evils do Can't see myself gettin beat down, my eyes swollen Moms cryin, really don't know what happened, my pride's stolen If I ain't got my heat (uh-huh) then I got a blade (uh-huh) That can get you off me in so many ways [Akon] I keep my eye out for Jakes, ears to the streets Other eye out for snakes, and these scandalous freaks If we ain't on good terms don't bother to speak Don't smile and try to spark a convo with me Same thing make you laugh, will make you cry Fuck around and let this quiet nigga here take your life Hate for it to be you the world's sacrifice So somebody else could travel through the tunnel of life Cause I'm that type of guy I'll be there when you're ridin But I stay to myself So if you see me out there with a bear and we fightin Nigga then go help the bear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ Styles P Album: Trouble Song: Locked Up (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Locked up, they won't let me out And I had a long day in court, shit stress me out Won't give me a bill, they can't get me out Now I'm headin to the County, gotta do a bid here I used to livin luxurious, I don't wanna live here The walls is gray, the clothes is orange The phones is broke, the food is garbage Lotta niggaz is livin with these circumstances S.P.'s the same, I still merk ya mans-es Drug money to rap money, work advances Niggaz ran and told, I shoulda merked to Kansas Got popped for a murder attempt Knock me on D-Block when I was burnin the hemp Had a brick in the stash Hope they don't take it to a further extent Locked up and they won't let me out When I hit my cellblock, niggaz know the dread be out [Akon] I'm steady tryin to find a motive, why do what I do? The freedom ain't gettin no closer, no matter how far I go My car is stolen - no registration The cops patrollin - and now they done stopped me And I get locked up [Chorus: Akon] They won't let me out They won't let me out I'm locked up; they won't let me out, nooo They won't let me out I'm locked up, they won't let me out They won't let me out I'm locked up, they won't let me out, nooo They won't let me out [Akon] Headin up town to re-up, back with a couple ki's The corner block's on fire, undercovers dressed as fiends Makin so much money - product's movin fast Put away the stash - as I sold the last bag Fucked around and got locked up [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Styles P.] Now that I'm locked up I rep two sets so I'ma +Ryde or Die+ and stay D-Blocked up Two toothbrushes up, whoever want it with P When I walk by, nigga get up Cause I'm locked up, they can't get me out I smoke a stick of haze when they stress me out Go and hit the bar when the wrecks be out Can't wait for the day when they let me out [Akon] Cause visitation no longer comes by It seems like they forgot about me Commissary is gettin empty My cellmates gettin food without me I can't wait to get out and move forward with my life (Move on with my life) Got a family that loves me and wants me to do right But instead I'm here locked up [Chorus] w/ variations + ad libs [Outro] over [Chorus - repeat to fade] Cause I'm locked up Where's my lawyer .. Get me out of here Baby I'm locked up Where's my niggaz on the block Tell them I'm locked up I'm locked up .. Can you please accept my phone call The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Alchemist f/ Evidence, Styles P Album:  The Alchemist Cookbook Song:   Calmly Smoke Typed by: Optimal123456@yahoo.com [Alchemist] I want to smoke til my brain is numb til I cant feel nothing and the pain is done take the good from the bad thats how the game is won cause the sun only comes out when the rain is done and when I exhale the smoke I let the problems float when I blow out a cloud I let the drama go all the bullshit, the issues, all the gossip goes all the rumors, all the whispers, all the talk just goes all this money in my pocket and I still feel broke I let go of all the nonsense and I calmly smoke {*light that up, light that up*} theres nothing that can make me angry so take it up with God thats the way that he made me or take it up with pops thats the way that he raised me or blame it on the game for the way that it paved me then blame it on the money for the way that it changed me and blame it on my lifestyle and say that I'm crazy and blame it on the {*hitting herb sound*} trying to say that I'm lazy theres nothing that you can say thats makin or breakin me and when I blow the smoke out it takes all the problems away from me let go of all the nonsense and I calmly smoke [Evidence] I want to smoke so my eyes bleed so they don't see my pain they just think its weed use the trees so they don't see my game they just think I'm green inhale deep my problem shrink away God forgive my sins tomorrows another a new day its like the smoke is novacane easin my brain from the world going on outside I stay sane {*hitting sound*} WAY OUT! I don't smoke to forget before I hit this hold my head God bless the dead and I don't hold regrets and after I hit this I don't listen, fuck what you said! hahaha, you know greed was never part of my weed plan its fire blame the life of murder he wrote I let go of all the nonsense and calmly smoke [Styles P] I take long tokes c'mon folks Ain't in the world like strong smoke we only blowing green shit at least when you know a pope youd know what I mean if you was born broke raised in the ghetto where theres nothing but torn folks what, torn house, torn heart, torn clothes I just blew 4 got another 4 rolled what I got today shit only Lord knows so I exhale inhale again did it for my little man cause he's in jail again, need bail again got to get rid of this shitty feelin alchemist get your niggas higher than a new york city building {*ROLL ANOTHER ONE AND ANOTHER ONE*} soul diesel haze, kush mixed with the bubble gum call it troublesome cause the only thing that calms the ghost is a deep beat zone out and calmly smoke what what {*smoke smoke*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Alchemist f/ Havoc, J-Hood, Noyd, Styles P Album: 1st Infantry Song: D Block to QB Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [J-Hood] Whattup? D-Block to QB nigga, get at me [Havoc] It's another one of those, A-L-C things {"It's the Ryders and the Mobb" - Jadakiss} {"Yo Alchemist, drop that new shit for 'em right fast"} [Noyd] This is it homie, we gon' go with this one right here {"It's the Ryders and the Mobb" - Jadakiss} [Noyd] Aiyyo, I'm never empty-handed, understand dunn? I keep a fistful of cash, the other on some ass son Smack the shit out niggaz like handball, or I give 'em a fair one They ain't gon' do nothin I dare 'em I hear 'em, "He a gangsta, he don't take crap Until I point this cali' at him, tell him take that" In fact, I'm about to blow but that you already know Shit I just strap holdin cracks just a minute ago Now I'm in a Jag with a rag and the tints is low And you mad cause you a fag and your chick's a ho Yeah she been around more than any bitch I know You should be glad though, I taught her everything she knows Whatchu reachin fo'? What I done touched a nerve? You wanna hurt somethin now you know I'm fuckin your bird? Cause that's my word, front like you want a war And homie we can settle the score, whatchu waitin for? [J-Hood] Yo, I'm the Tracy McGrady of the shit, I take you right to a hole Shove the tip of the nose of the silencer right in your nose Y'all niggaz is degenerates It don't make sense to do business with a nigga, if you ain't gon' benefit Fuck a Bentley and a jet, I'm gutter nigga check it All I need is two-point-five and a couple Intrepids It's drama, I ain't starin you down I'ma clap ya forehead and dump you on one of them merry-go-rounds We put the packs of crack in the streets to get you a stack It's been acid since they made the first box of Cracker Jacks Beat in the staircase purple'd out, rollin a phat Bottle of 'gnac next to me, on my lap is the mac If slums hit you they takin your arms D-Block have the kind of weapons that Bush, tried to take from Saddam From Y-O, to your hood, to QB Catch me thuggin it out shootin dice twistin up a O-Z Y'all faggots don't know me, it's no remorse when hollows rip through your corpse Homicide'll find you dead on your porch {"It's the Ryders and the Mobb" - Jadakiss} [Havoc] That's what I'm talkin 'bout, yo, yeah.. Like white on rice, I'll be on you, you couldn't even shake me off Be in your chest like a smoker's cough Put the hammer in your mouth and have you suckin it off Like a ho tryin to stop 'fore she find the law You in the club, you's a thug, why you playin the door? Like you know somethin I don't playa then put me on You cowards so nervous, I got broads that'll get it on with any fella and think before they talk Mine like a nigga on the road takin his last walk And when I come niggaz kiss they cross You know you done fucked up now Niggaz talkin just to be talkin, ain't nothin sweet but the pound Repeatly vow, they never go against the grain Know I been doin it, since a little stain {*gun cocks*} Pull a hammer, move you right out the lane Niggaz talkin out they ass like you just sniffed 'caine [Styles P] My niggaz live life for the death wish Smoke for breakfast, a lot of people hope that I'm breathless Wanna send my ghost to the essence Go 'head nigga, I don't care I heard the light was fluorescent Niggaz count they ones but never they blessings 'Til they at the wrong end out of the Wesson D-Block five star general +Die Hard+ like Bruce Willis nigga, I could put a end to you Ruff Rydin soldier, cold as Antarctica I'ma make the plans to pick your man's daughter up Big .45 in the sweats of my Nautica Fifty-five bricks when I'm tryin to pick my order up All my niggaz flow, nobody watered up Shoot 'til the gun empty, then niggaz saught it up Anytime P in the booth, nigga record it up G-host toast, I kill niggaz when the quarter's up {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alchemist f/ The L.O.X. Album: 1st Infantry Song: The Essence Typed by: Ojay19@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] AH-HA. Uh. Yeah. Know who it is. (I-I-Infantry, 1st Infantry) Kiss of Death mother fucker. (A-A-A-A-A-Alchemist) Definetley the strongest shit on the shelf double R, D-Block (1st infantry) Listen the thugs need it, hoes gon use it Me im just a young nigga that make old music Uh,shit is real I put the inf on the 4 Keep it wit me 'cause possessions 9/10ths of the law Here I am goin' all out again, doin' all that I can Even had a daughter born outta sin Nigga I make pain cinematic I spit dope and you been a addict Treat beef like jail, summertime somthin' big with the scope under the winter jacket I use the winter tactics and I know you tryin to play the role, but bullets the wrong shit to interact wit I hurt the game, hurt ravines Soon as you murk somthin' these niggaz'll churp genene Yeah let 'em all cock ride, in my mansion with a bottle, move an hour on the wall spin counter clock wise Might as well go on, go and see papi Cause niggaz only know three words "He shot me" (Uh) Thats why I be eyein 'em down No dap, no rap 'cause these niggaz be wired for sound But I still put a hole in a goon, Jada Montaga Still put a hole in a spoon, pay the bond later Plenty ones, plenty guns, plenty ammo Remember this "Calmate", ''se te calmo'' mutha-fuckas. What! "Calamate" "se te calmo" Know what that mean huh? Calm down...before I calm you down! [Styles P] I don't wanna talk much You gettin hawked up and chopped up Two guns up on your tour bus Heard you got the cops wichu Thats a goddamn shame to talk on your album, I thought you had a block wichu? Couple niggaz to pop wichu? You full of shit! And the only thing you got is a couple niggaz to drop wichu Waiting for a nigga... wit a mouth like you When they said you was the hottest thing man out yo crew I'm the hardest in New York City Think not I got a glock, Sheek Loch style, you walk wit me You bitch niggaz will die ??? I keep the 9 in the five series Why don't you come work a nine to five wit me See the bricks moved, the stick-ups pulled I got the killers laying flat down in pickups too Hop up and put a clip in your mug Hate is different than love, it spread faster, is you gettin me cuz? Shit, let me explain, my brain is on a different wave Everybody get it now, fuck it, its a different day And suck my dick when I ain't got shit to say Niggaz think I'm dumb like I ain't put them bricks away Prepared for the war, anxious to kill Bang shit, swing shit, leave you shanked in the grill I ain't give a fuck Then on now, when all how, how many niggaz die? That depend on Styles And my nephew Alchemist [Sheek Louch] Hey, yo I ain't seen nothing yet Niggaz all threat, pussy when they sober, thugs when they wet What up killer? Nigga please stop frontin' you dont need to save the whole 5 g's My neck don't freeze and my wrist don't either I don't need it I just copped a house on a Visa And I ain't go platinum, my first album was a teaser Now they on my meat like ice in the freezer Sheek Louch, I tell you that boy he's a....problem I take out blackheads like a tweezer We'll discredit you homie and let the wolves eat you We don't need to dump lead on you homie, you either in or you out of it Cause I got a son now and you fuckin up a lot of shit I gotta get And I hate for this to get out of hand To have to give it to a nigga I played wit in the sand Shit the westcoast barely know the name of our band That's why I spit enough heat to give a nigga a tan Aight, I kno you got mad cake okay nigga EH! Sheek don't give a fuck I let my gut hang, you one day away from lipo and a face tuck This that D-Block, Alchemist heat rock Yo, I'm fucked up man! P pass that blunt, Yo busy where my yak at son, fuck that I'm outta here Let's Go (Let's go, let's go) (R-r-r-reppin' ALC, you know what I'm sayin? 1st Infantry bitch (bitch bitch)) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alicia Keys f/ Capone-N-Noreaga, Raekwon, Styles P Album: Empire State of Mind Pt. 2 12" Song: Empire State of Mind Pt. 2 (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Shallah! Yo Green! Young God with a blue hat on [Raekwon] I'm not like Sinatra, more Samy, the jammy in my right arm The streets that I rose from, goes on Living in poverty, it gotta be a way to get on I sit back watch the just kids follow me You can't touch it yet, the best ones know And the rest kept seeking, I survived the check, yo From living on the wrong side of the town, where every problem occur Everybody heard it went down It's just our city, our hometown, our squad, the yard From out the east coast, with plans like Shallah The dreams, they can happen, but it's near, so protect ya dome Whenever nine home, we standing right here Yo, from playing Green Lantern to the Hamptons Or camping in the next nigga hood, I'm just good, I'm lamping The Empire, the flyer we get, the higher we sit But everybody wanna ride on our dick, but [Chorus: Alicia Keys] I'mma make it by any means, I got a pocket full of dreams Baby, I'm from New York, concrete jungle where dreams are made of, there's nothing you can do Now you're in New York, these streets will make you feel brand new, these lights will inspire you Hear it for New York, New York, New York [N.O.R.E.] (Capone) New York State of Mind (always) pissy elevators and (hallways) Cheese line grease (crudded in the doorways) 42nd Street lights (gamble harder, three dice) Niggas get murked at the same place they was raised at (We shoot niggas, run for cover) they don't even graze back (Army suits and Timb boots, New York made that) CNN The Embassy, Mafioso Militainment Peeing cases in the city, Roset Jose (They saying New York fell off? That shit never bother me) No place like home, go and ask Dorothy (Money stacks still in the bank) Taller than Barkley (Queens blood in my vein, New York make my heart beat) Big Pun, ODB, Biggie Smalls Jam Master Jay, keep it (yes yes ya'll) (The birth place of rap, the number one city on the map New York we put it down like that, like that) [Styles P] The New York walk, the New York talk The New York streets, with New York thoughts 24 dollars, used to be New York cost We all got what it take to be a New York boss Rich or poor, we all have a ball here So every New Year they drop the Ball here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amerie f/ Jadakiss, Kain, Nas, Rick Ross Album: Why R U? (Remix) 12" Song: Why R U? (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Amerie] Why R U the one? [Nas] (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) I need the mics to sound like 1987 on this (From The L to the O! to the O! The V to the E to the E!! Where the guys are strong and the girls are freeeeee!!!!!!) (It's called looooooooovvvvvvveeeeeeeee city!!! city!!! city!!!) Yeah! [Verse One: Nas] (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) (In CAPS are Amerie singing with Ectacy's vocals) (The L! The L! The L!) Is it fair was it love, that took away Kazemi and McNair  If it was, then I'm scared of love (The O! The O! The O!) Uh! Money, sex, drugs your addiction I know some niggas that succeded in love or prison (And the V! And The V! And The V!) Like Vanessa love Kobe That's the kind of love you got to show me you know me (The E! The E! The E!) Through it all tell it all books and gossip Marriage, divorce talk about the kid constant (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) But it's never about (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) But baby it's all (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) Crazy....Amerie, get em' [Verse Two: Amerie] What's the reason, that I'm here again it's crazy I keep waitin, but I'm foolish cause you'll never change Wasted all my time and here I am still cryin over yooooouuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! Over yooooouuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! Yeah! (Lovin you is so hard!) I keep tryin baby (I just end up with scars!) Cause I keep fightin baby Lovin you it's like a battle that I can't afford to loooosseeeeeee!!!! I can't loooosseeeeeee!!!! Is what I'm tellin you [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (Ohhhhhhhh you weren't the one! That you weren't the one! One love, one love (Hey!) [Verse Three: Amerie] And though I hate it, hate it that I can't forget you I tried my best but, I'm a mess cause I can't shake you Wanna call you but my pride won't let it get the best of meeeeeeeeeee!!!! Best of meeeeeeeeeeeee!!! Yeah!!! Yeah yeah yeah!!!! [Verse Four: Jadakiss] EH-HAAAAAH!! Uh, yeah, yo... Your best friend or your enemy it's all chemistry Ain't even the outside, diggin the enemy Even when I did somethin wrong you pretend to be (...nice) Then you started sayin all these things that offended me (Right?) I just let it ride though ma cause I been a G You only live once though, and you 'gon remember me (mwah!) I don't mind sayin I love her Cause her mouth is sayin one thing, but her heart sayin another, what! [Verse Five: Kain] You gave me you love, was turned down again You cried me a river, I learned how to swim (hehe) When I wanted a touch, you wanted a friend I died not to live with this sin You used to say my blue eyes sang you a lullaby The problem's that the pain made you colorblind (YEAH!) Never mind that I'm drivin you  Cashews can't cover the tears, so she cover the tattoos I lost.. [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) (*Rick Ross) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (Ohhhhhhhh you weren't the one! That you weren't the one! One love, one love (*Ricky Rossssssssss!!!) [Verse Six: Rick Ross] (*Amerie) (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) (*Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, can't you see?) Of course I'm bigger than the beef, tell the maid do my feet Now my cut so crispy, shorty wanna frisk me It's a newer model, but the top, that's history My money is the mystery, your legs are officially mine Got me throwin dollar signs up in Tiffany's Next to the stones, she's the only thing flawless Yes - one love baby, you deserve all this (The L! The L! The L!) for the Lexus that we always push (The O! The O! The O!) Six hundred for that onion a kush (And the V! And The V! And The V!) That mean we livin on the verge (The E! The E! The E!) Everyday, I hear the words BOSS!!! [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) (*Rick Ross) One love, one love (Your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (Your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (*But I am the one baby!!! We can never change that! It is what it is!) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!! One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!! (*When you fall in love it's just, catchin lightning in a bottle, it's that special moment) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one (*You can never deny me baby!) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!  (*You will never deny me baby! One! Ross!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Large Professor, Styles P Album: Undeniable Song: The Hardest Typed my: kingjoflash@yahoo.com [Large Professor] Yeah its the ghost SP the G-O-D AZ SP, its the ghost SP with the G-O-D AZ  SP, its the ghost SP with the G-O-D AZ Hardest yeah hardest [Styles P] Yeah its the hardest out I'ma die for my cause, take the martyr route Up north they talk about me when the yard is out Can't come through the hood on the mountain bike when cars is out Its the G-H-O-S-T go in I'm the P-H-A-N-T-O-M Phantom Spit Jems blow hems from his chin to his eyebrow Trying to watching beat street and wildstyle Get the feeling back Whateva happen to realer rap Ask my man where the tequila at I'm from a hood where they peel ya cap And you ain't got a prize under Word to the hoodie that my eyes under Word to the hand that the gloves over It's all hate when the loves over Talk straight when thug sober But keep it quiet just shush When you see me blowing kush on the push Trying to get large dough Ghost Sosa and Large Pro Why you think I got on my cargos To put mad stacks in it I burn your house with the plaques in it And then i'm spraying the mac in it Your dj is wack burn his house with the wax in it Never kick raps if you ain't got facts in it But regardless whatever your bars is I don't give a fuck cause I be the hardest nigga [hook] Styles P: I'm T-H-E-H-R-D-E-S-T you don't wanna see SP Everyday I wake up its like i'm liable to sin Smoke haze in bible paper swallowing gin I'm G-H-O-S-T I can crack the ground and make the clouds come down Find me if you looking for trouble Send a hundred niggas i'ma bust a thousand rounds [AZ] The streets is mine The east just fine We drop jewels in our verbal We reach the blind We badu with the earth food Delete the swine Nine two how we murk you its reaper time No riffing Death is near the checks is cleared Bout to charge niggas holes for they reckless stares Bout to bar niggas flows cause they rep ain't there They style is trash The more cash the less I care I'm colder real vulgore Kill bill with the blue steel in the holster Come no closer Got the game in a choka blunt smoker Pretty hair cunt stroker its brooklyn baby Motherfuckers thought bush was crazy kill'em all My marriage to the streets was annulled i'ma ball From the era where the real niggas ball took cheddar Broads even look much better I put pleasure And stitch in every word I'm the sickest eva heard If you can't get me richer i'ma kick you to the curb Picture getting served on a yacht with orderve While the block still rock twenty g's by the third That's my word [hook] AZ: I'm T-H-E-H-R-D-E-S-T ya'll don't wanna see AZ At any given minute nigga liable to flip You wanna pimp nigga find you a bitch I ain't the one I'm S-O-S thats me Got a hundred hungry goons that'll kill for free Same young nigga that'll torch your face Suite up and come support at your wake motherfucker [Large Professor] Yeah its the ghost SP the G-O-D AZ SP, its the ghost SP with the G-O-D AZ  SP, its the ghost SP with the G-O-D AZ Hardest yeah hardest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Miri Ben-Ari f/ Styles P Album: The Hip-Hop Violinist Song: We Gonna Win Typed by: droozilla@gmail.com [Intro] Let's go Ben-Ari.. Ghost... Welcome to Our world... Feel this....  Violin. Feel our pain...  We work hard. It's a struggle....  Let's go. Worked too hard, paid our dues We gon' win, they gon' lose Way too nice, can't fill our shoes We gon' win, they gon' lose Oh so hot, but stay so cool We gon' win, they gon' lose the violin's crazy, the words is too We gon' win, they gon' lose [Violin] Crazy [1st verse] we don't quit, we don't lose Block fools, we don't move, if we don't choose We ain't gotta say that it's big boy we come through and make big noise Even when it's quiet, homie Mess around start a riot, homie Hit the booth like there's fire on me They know I'm the truth No need sic'n a liar on me Now what kind of men are we I'm a gangsta comparin' off the sound of Miri Ben-Ari Just listen to the violin strings in the mind of mad man you can hear how triumph ring It's the king of the slum and the violin king Worked too hard, paid our dues We gon' win, they gon' lose Way too nice, can't fill our shoes We gon' win, they gon' lose Oh so hot, but stay so cool We gon' win, they gon' lose (they gon' lose) the violin's crazy, the words is too (violin's crazy) We gon' win, they gon' lose [Violin Solo] [verse two] Opportunity knock, open the door Open your ears, you hear destiny call I make music, let the rest of you ball If you wanna touch a soul, I'm the kid you need to see I got the recipe, y'all It's G-H-O-S-T, Miri Ben-Ari Feel the groove Go against me, you lose No doubt, we gon' win YOu hear the violin blow and me flow know the show gon' end [Violin build x2] Worked too hard, paid our dues We gon' win, they gon' lose Way too nice, can't fill our shoes We gon' win, they gon' lose Oh so hot, but stay so cool We gon' win, they gon' lose (they gon' lose) the violin's crazy, the words is too We gon' win, they gon' lose Worked too hard, paid our dues We gon' win, they gon' lose Way too nice, can't fill our shoes We gon' win, they gon' lose Oh so hot, but stay so cool We gon' win, they gon' lose the violin's crazy, the words is too We gon' win, they gon' lose [Ourto violin] This is theme music.... This is dream music... This is that get free music... This is a gangsta with a violin... This is noise and silence... This is art... Can you feel us? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Benzino f/ Jadakiss Album: Redemption Song: Call My Name Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Intro: Benzino] Un hun, un hun-un Un hun, un hun-un Un hun, un hun-un [Jadakiss] Yo, yeah, aiyyo We can do whatever you want to, I promise Fight, play razor tag or spit lamas I'm two guns up over the roof Hopin at least one hit your upper gums over your tooth Cuz a lot of niggas jus talkin Wanna kill a nigga on a record, when they see 'em they jus talkin In my case, I'ma jus hawk 'em Cuz niggas is waitin for a lawsuit, it's hot and they walkin They sendin dudes up like clockwork Niggas that can't hold it down usually come home with artwork Ain't no such thing as a smart jerk Then again, one fuckin dumb-dumb can make your heart jerk D-Block nigga, we got work That old school grey shit, uncut, got niggas pops hurt You ran off Broadway, I get top work Minority report, you don't know what you got murk, that's why.. [Chorus: Benzino] Everybody wanna call your name Until you squeeze them chromey thangs Everybody wanna call you out Until you pull up at the house And everybody wanna try and bluff Go head nigga press your luck, what's up? And everybody wanna call your name Don't wait, jus please call my name [Jadakiss] Dear God I got eighty five forty five bullets in the Tommy With a extra thirty clip in my back pocket so try me I'm on the yellow lines on one knee Tryna hit a nigga in a building in One-D Yeah, D-Block, you hatin the unity I bring it to your motherfuckin gated community In case you ever get it in your mind again Twenty lil dirty niggas, with no guns throwin Heinekens [Benzino] By the time you hear this verse, I done staked you out Me, V nailed and hearse, layin at your house We screwin silencers, put a muzzle on that AK Rip that nigga shit in half, make that bitch pay Annihilate, every piece of ground you walk on No need to talk on coward, I get my chalk on It's always one nigga on the side Talkin out his mouth next thing you know he bleedin from his side [Benzino] Are you crazy? I was in the dirt since '87 If war is hell, then will I ever go to heaven? The D duck, Zino bring the Tommy when I re-up Four and a half is nothin, get your ki's up You boys stop bluffin, before you get beat up Take your car keys, throw your ass in the trunk Slide off with your bitch, L.E.S. track bump Cats still can't figure me out (What?) Askin how this nigga in the game gained so much clout? Fuck whoever wanna claim king, I lay you down Take your chain and your ring, you can keep the crown I told your man the same thing, he can eat these rounds Lacerate your face, pistol whip you unconscious Your block never did so I know you can't want this You rap a good one, but I see it in your eyes You like to bang on wax cuz you don't wanna die [Outro: Benzino] Un hun, un hun-un  Un hun, un hun-un Un hun, un hun-un The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Ruff Ryders Album: The Tunnel Song: We in Here Typed by: RR2000D@aol.com Yeah you know how we do it, Funk Flex, Big Kap, Def Jam The Tunnel, Ruff Ryders, Let's go baby Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) [Drag-On] Ya'll laughin, when we comin, we checkin the cabinets Body parts we baggin, we ain't comin for the crack We come to crack backs and ? over niggaz hair dew Spit rays, pop off C's and graze niggaz fades I creep in a Mustang, bust my heat in the rain Till they get a rust stain Y'all niggaz heard of me, probably wanna murder me I'll pull up on ya block and turn your white teeth burgundy Let's see some surgery [EVE] Watch the first lady as she rides Rougher than the rest of them bitches What it take for cats to hush they mouth This one official Come on clown prove it's still an issue Streets is ours, have ya homies weepin cause they miss you Thought it was a game when I said the dogs would get you Heard you fucked up cause E-V-E bit you Flex knows what the real is That's why he deal wit  Ruff Ryders baby droppin bombs nigga feel this Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) [Jadakiss] Why ya'll braggin, I'm over here choppin and baggin And I don't want the drop coupe so I'm choppin the wagon Dark navy blue six speed, six air-bags Even if this shit crash, feel like Six Flags And ya'll niggaz cant block my shells When I'm in jail the C.O. don't lock my cell Before any rap group, we was the L.O.X. crooks I'll slap a hundred dollars on the whole blocks books And know the block shook, when I walk by Niggaz just like you they rather not look I inspired y'all niggaz to flow I'ma always get money so I admire ya'll niggas that blow Ask ya self who the nicest out right now Put your ice up lets get on the mic right now Clown, I'm the top cat where it stops at Where lightning and thunder at And y'all niggaz is under that [Styles] If you runnin with the P. you gonna get your turn Tuck my gun while its hot to feel my dick hair burn Might come through the spot where the shottie and what Body to block and hot wanna the Bacardi wit rocks I aint never drive a bike but I ride on the back Rob wit a gat, shit I still ride wit my craps If you wanna go to war we can tally it up Escalate and venally it up, what? Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin no where,  Ain't hidin no where, ain't runnin no where) [Sheek] If you like Sheek, you hold heat and no one know Bust yo' gun and leave the body where no one go I pack some shit for any type of situation Only time I don't pack heat is on vacation Ands that's the blow dryer next to the Playstation I'm big but I use shit to kill you quick And I don't wrestle unless chicks do bad on my dick Flex know I bring somethin hot to the spot [DMX] What would you rather have the 10 you found or the 5 you earned Became a man at 6 cause at 5 you learned Don't take nothin for granted except death Man of the house cause you the last nigga left see how it's going dizzy with the shit so we can blast a rhyme Hope the Lord got your soul cause your ass is mine Every time you turn around niggas know that I be right there East turned to West coast, cravin for the nightmare Don't give a fuck about what you sling  Cause you ain't slingin that shit, or bringin that shit  Up the hill, but you still singin that shit Talkin shit like you know what its like to walk this shit Get on some stalkin shit  So you know what niggaz rule New York and shit I'm just thinkin all the business and how to handle ya'll niggaz All the families that I got lightin candles for niggaz Breathin revelence, grandmothers fallen out and need the sedatives Mom huggin the casket wishin that she raised a better kid [Swizz Beatz] Y'all niggaz actors I'll put your face where your muthafuckin back was Im tired of y'all niggaz actors Y'all know what y'all gonna get And y'all niggaz know damn well who y'all fuckin wit Little slim nigga like me, big gun like this And my gun bust and gun never miss I'm the nigga that make ya miss Christmas When we go to court you know shit dismissed [Chorus] x4 Ruff Ryders (We in here!) Ruff Ryders (We stayin here!) Ruff Ryders (Ain't goin nowhere,  Ain't hidin nowhere, ain't runnin nowhere) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bilal f/ Jadakiss Album: 1st Born Second Song: Fast Lane Typed by: mjevtovic@home.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bilal] La da da di.. la da da di..  Hey... livin in the fast lane Drivin fast 'broads' With them fast 'chains' When you pimpin through life See some people get caught up And some charges brought up With some people they shoot up Hey.. there it goes again Different face to the same old tragic end Who's to blame if he never saw it commin Yet he heard the bullet hummin And he never though of runnin It's too late for him now layin out on the ground so cold.. so cold Nothin much to live up to.. damn It's so far gone.. so gone Livin in the fast lane Drivin fast broads With you fast chains When you pimpin through life See some people got caught up With some charges brought up From some people they shoot up Hey.. tell me when will it end When the baby pays for its mothers sinnin Trapped inside the four walls of a 'penty' Way too strong.. way too strong Now shes out in the cold, dying slow and the spoon still warm [Jadakiss] It started when they birthed me Runnin round stuck in the project now he cant wait to the first come Little older now and cant wait till the dope come Sleep all these years and nobody awoke him Getting it so he can cover the whole border Question is how many of us can hold water It seemed like tellin is in  Signed states get an order of protection and tell him again I'm a left lane My life is much faster than yours I'm with a chick and its attached to a brawl Got the air ones matchin the car All white.. slingin all night So we rapidly spar Thats what they wanna clap at me for Understand that the flow is like the coke that he naturally grows So I'ma get my cash on, and my mash on And get my ass up out of the fast lane [Bilal] Livin in the fast lane Drivin fast broads With you fast chains When you pimpin through life .. got caught up And some charges brought up From some people you shoot up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bilal f/ Dr. Dre, Jadakiss Album: Fast Lane 12" Song: Fast Lane (Video Remix) Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bilal] La, la-la-li-la, la-la-li-la, la-la-li-la Yeah, oo-ooh, oh, oh Hey, livin it, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, with the fast chains Ah, when you pimpin through life (life!) seen some people get caught up and some charges brought up wit some people they shot up  Hey, liiviiin theee, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, makin, fast change When you pimpin through life (ooh) Seen some people get caught up and some charges brought up wit some people they shot up Hey, there it goes again Different face, to the same old tragic end Who's to, blame, if you never saw it comin Yet they heard the boomer humin and he never thought of runnin It's too late, for him now, layin out, on the ground so cold, soooo cold; nothin much, to live up Too damn, it's so far gone (yeaah), sooo gooone Livin, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, with your fast change When you pimpin through the life (life!) seen some people got caught up and some charges brought up from some people they shot up  Hey, tell me when will it end? Wit a baby, paays towards mother city (oohh!) Trapped inside, the four walls of a penty way too strong, waay too strong! (oh) Now she's out, in the cold dyin slow and the spoon still warm, whoa, heeeey! [Jadakiss] Aiyyo, I'm real wit my self and I'm true to my niggaz My only fear is what I might do to a nigga The fast lane gotcha man speedin It make me wanna load the thing-things up, and get even D block layin 'em down In the box hands crossed, same smirk he had playin around Still go to war wit the same eight and a pound This the remix nigga, 'Kiss, Dre and Bilal {*echoe*} [Dr. Dre] Too often, is a young nigga, in a coffin Tryin blossom, got shot down walkin, heh Bleek a high to hot guy, turned cold Bring the body bag, see the bullet hole and a burned soul Don't cry, he chose the life Fast lane, in the brain, he supposed to fight How you smile at a momma when she lost a child? This is realness, tell 'em how they livin, where you at Bilal? [Bilal] No, no, noo The way we livin, in the, fast lane Drivin, fast broads, wit yo', oh, fast change When you pimpin through the life, oooh yeah! Caught up, and some charges, brought up from some people you shot up, hey .. (This is another, Dr. Dre production) {*Bilal harmonizes and ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Rob f/ The L.O.X. Album: Life Story Song: Can I Live Typed by: nathantedder@hotmail.com Intro: Jadakiss Uh yeah, yeah, what what, yeah yeah, yeah, what, yeah, what yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Verse One: Jadakiss Yo this is a monopoly, niggaz ain't stoppin' me And we can't lose cuz Puff set us up properly Just won't settle for lesser, who wanna test us We be in the 5 with the goose headrests L.O.X. put niggaz under pressure You shoulda knew that, it's always them new cats that'll get ya Better start lookin at things from my angle I'm trying to be up on the board with a triangle Next to my name with a 10 or a 20 Now that's when you really can say you gettin money But right now all I do is sit back and listen To a wise young man who quickly became a rich one Put me up on the fact that it ain't hard to get some Chips if I just keep writing with ambition Then I get an advance from the 5 to the 6 and House with 2 kitchens, diamonds, plenty women Built-in pool to swim in But the plan is to start from the floor, and raise it up Then you hit'em in the head 'til your days is up You blazin' what, playboy you frail and butt You know when Bad Boy drops, all your sales is cut Chorus: Black Rob Can I Live, no one man can stop me Can I Live, no front-line can block me Can I Live, its enough base for all of us Can I Live, without the names they calling us Can I Live, no one man can stop me Can I Live, no front-line can block me Can I Live, or do I gatta bring it to these kids Can I Live, if I don't live nobody lives Verse Two: Styles Time is money, money is power so I'm sour 22 feelin like I've wasted every hour Of my life, shoulda been had a million in ice High as a kite, feeling the flight Turbulence, once in a blue moon I had a dream of fly shit Hanglide to the Alps with this fly chick Condo in Fresno with the lesbo And the honey that she hit know how to stretch blow They know that I'm Styles they respect the flow Why don't y'all let a nigga live and help him make a decimal Truth will set you free what will a lie do Niggaz say I'm God but I be gettin' high too Can't love the money like the niggaz beside you Cuz when the paper gone...you gon' slide too Niggaz wanna ball, but got to fall to rise While the world spins around they wanna stall they eyes Close they ears my nose makes me oppose my fear Cuz I can smell hell Before I sell rat I'll catch a shell farewell Niggaz will never tell Their man that I was pussy Unless they got a gun, and I ain't got one, I might let you push me Chorus Verse Three: Shiek I pray to God to promise me, before I see the pearly gates To let my whole team be straight, mansion no Section 8 Puttin' pressure so that I can make this bed Got 2 mattresses now all I need is the spread With like 4 pillows so my seeds can rest their heads You think platinum is enough, nah Sheek want more Tryin' to sell more than Tickle me Elmo in the store Italian cuisine, Linguin. while my diamonds like-SHING So when I move at night-time you might think it's light-NING Just throw me the ball once and I'll tell you no lie Shiek gonna show you money, like Jerry McGuire It's a thug thing, L.O.X. product thing, conducting Anything for chips while you sit and blab your lips In the restaurant taking tips while Sheek on trips Logos on our ships bustin' at the eclipse While im pissy, spittin' up Crissy in the water But you can do that for money, when 100's like a quarter... Chorus Verse Four: Black Rob This is to my AK tollas, money bill foldas Bambin soldiers, whips wit big motors On the low for years, the Feds can't decode us We bust rounds, all you gotta do is load us My night time prowlers, and grimmey after hours Karl Kani, Mumalo wear, Eddie Bauers Flippin cake niggaz, who strip and take niggaz Upstate niggaz, my Crystal Lake niggaz We gonna hold it down if we gotta shake niggaz And make niggaz do what we say, or break niggaz Survival of the fitist, it ain't me cause I did it Now you see me shinnin 2 mill with my diamonds And I owe it all to heart grimmin Don't mean i'm gonna stop climbin, 9-9, it's good timin I salute my thugs, who rock With the drugz and switch gunz, and pay 30 thou for the slum Make it happen, I swear to God if I don't make it rappin I'm clappin, extortin, and robbin niggz cribs and contactin Can I live... Can I Live, no one man can stop me Can I Live, no front-line can block me Can I Live, or do I gatta bring it to these kids Can I Live, if I don't live nobody lives Can I Live, no one man can stop me Can I Live, no front-line can block me Can I Live, its enough base for all of us Can I Live, without the names they calling us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ The Lox Album: Share My World Song: Can't Get You Off My Mind   Bridge: Whoa, whoa, whoa (repeat 2 times)   Chorus: Can't get you off my mind Thinking about you all the time (repeat 2 times)   1st verse: The day we met was the last day That I said I would look anyone else's way Now you know that I'm with you  And I'll always be true There's nothing in this world that I won't do for you Chorus    2nd verse: The day you left It was so sad Now I'm standing here holding on to the past Keep growing on Gotta live your life If we grow up in time Maybe real love we will find Chorus Bridge (repeat 4 times)  LOX: You need rocks on the fourth finger of your left hand Tell your bridemaids to hit off my best man Always on my mind like money You my honey There when I'm laced There when I'm bummed Say word It's type hard for me to get you off...my mind But I still get dough, of course True love between a thug and a dove Poppin' champagne in the tub Aiyyo Everything revolves around trust 'Cause if it wasn't for you Then there wouldn't be no us No jealousy, envy, and no lust 328 off the lot when I bust Sittin' in the house counting lincolns And I'm still thinkin' Can't get you off, so I'm blinkin' Sinkin' down in the silk couch, milked out Your hole in my heart got my love all spilt out Chorus (repeat 4 times) Bridge (repeat 4 times) Chorus (repeat 4 times) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Fabolous, Jadakiss Album: Family Affair 12" Song: Family Affair (Remix) Typed by: dangerousdoc2001@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jadakiss] Yeah, uh, what, uh, yeah, uh Aiyyo you can hit the dance floor now, you ain't gotta wait We can take this outside, you ain't gotta hate This here is a family affair, the family is here Everybody put your hands in the air And we don't need no hateration Somebody better calm duke down cause the eight'll lace him So while you're waitin get it perculatin Love to smoke preferably purple haze and, sharp as a buck fifty Doin my dance, and honey mad cause she can't keep up with me But I'm still bangin 'em, soggin 'em, still robbin 'em And the whole world know 'Kiss is a problem But I ain't come to fight, I came to have fun tonight and hit more then one tonight Get it crunk from beginnin to end Mary J. and Jada, Y.O., we did it again, uhh [Mary J. Blige] Come on everybody get on up Cause you know we gots to get it crunk Mary J. is in the spot tonight And I'ma make you feel alright (make you feel alright) Come on baby just party with me Let loose and set your body free Leave your situations at the do' So when you step inside jump on the floor [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] Let's get it crunk up on it, fun up on it, in this dancery We got y'all open, now your floatin, so you gots to dance for me Don't need no hateration, holleration, in this dancery Let's get it perculatin, while you're waitin, soldiers dance for me [Mary J. Blige] It's only gonna be about a matter of time before you get loose and start to lose your mind Cop you a drink, go ahead and rock your ice Cause were celebratin no more drama in our life Get the great track pumpin, everybody's jumpin Go ahead twist your back and get your body bumpin I thought I told you to leave your situations at the door So grab somebody and get your ass on the dance floor [Fabolous] Yall can't deny it, uh, yeah, this is cracklatin Yeah it's Mary and the kid Bouncing in the six four until we crack the Dayton's After a few shots I'm faded family affair, yall don't where the spot is located if your not related and they got to hate it ha switch from a ring to chapar to a rolex I watch them grin it this year there is no more drama  mainly because now my saving account show more commas usally it's mellow rappers in the club pulling models and pulling bottles out them yellow wrappers saying r&b to those hammers and be standing on the couch like my moms ain't teach me no manners ma we can leave the club and hit the beach in Guyana don't come back to our features is tanner and thiers acscents on each of our grammers your with the young F-A-B-O-L-O-U-S family [Chorus] - repeat until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Jadakiss Album: Mary Song: Sexy Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com 1 - [Mary]  Can't have you, if I wanted to  Can't let you get away from me  Can't have you, if I wanted to  Can't let you go, no Repeat 1 [Mary] Looking in my mirror Thinking 'bout last night I can't help but see you Running often through my mind Repeat 1 [Mary] You were saying Mary Don't let go, hold tight I just wanna hold you All through the night 2 - [Mary]  This is something that I can't deny  Boy you know your touch just drives me wild  Won't you take my hand I'll set you free  I want you to belong to me Repeat 1 [Mary] Oh, oh oh oh, oh, oh, oh [Jadakiss] Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh-huh, uh Yo, yo, yo You might bump into the Kiss late night Or on the DN speeding In the drop, four thirty on my way to rock a birdie With automatic lead in the car, bread in the car Plus I'm gettin' head in the car My wedding tomorrow More dutchies to the head, the ready you are After the session with shorty I'll be better tomorrow And you know how we are We always keep one or two That don't say much Like to hit a blunt or two Or don't mind driving with raw in the trunk Or freaking off for the week Top floor in the trunk Just laying back blowing Twenty five's a skull The our keys by the door with bow ties and posts Can't let me get away But you ain't ready for Kiss Got the Chevy and the six Wrists heavy and shit Matter of fact we gonna take a trip And put the dats up And cop the pink lemonade Cadillac truck Repeat 1 (2x) Repeat 2 Can't have you, if I wanted to Can't have you, Can't let you go, no Can't have you, if I wanted to Can't have you, Can't let you go, no Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bone Crusher f/ Busta Rhymes, Cam'Ron, Jadakiss Album:  Never Scared 12" Song:   Never Scared (Remix) Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Intro] Whooo! Haha! AttenCHUUUUUUUUUNNN!!! Remix, remix, remix, remix, remix! Re-mix, mix, mix, mix... So I'm outside of da club and you think I'm a puuuuuuuunk So I go to my loaded tech 9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk I told that motherfucker I ain't never scared (Eastside!) I ain't never scared (Westside!) I ain't never scared (Southside!) I ain't never scared (Northside!) I ain't never scared (Southside!) I ain't never scared (Eastside!) I ain't never scared (Westside!) [Verse 1: Bone Crusher] Who am I??? Bone Crusher, motherfucker! AttenCHUUUUUUUUN!!! Where my soldiers motherfucker? I guess the fight is on, me and you nigga (ha!) And you (wha!), and you (wha!), and you nigga! (wha!) I ain't scared of you bitches, I'll put yo brain in stitches This remix for real niggaz who get money to trenches Check my resume nigga, I got that one hitta quitta And yo boys ready to flee like "Why'd you fuck with that nigga?!?!" [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 2: Cam'Ron] I tell her front (front), back (back), side to side Never let a punk ass nigga slide, dawg You get beat dead, that means you dead meat I been on Wall Street, Beach Street, *Gregg Street* That's Dallas, Atlanta, I style with them hammers I wild witcho nanna, doggystyle on a hamper You'll get ripped apart, that's it with darts, you kids ain't smart Pop, pop, pop, I lit the dark I'm the wizard dog, come get some heart That's courage and brain, 'caine on several strips Not from Houston, but shit, call me +Lil' Flip+ Cuz I flip a little, fa shizzle, you flippin' nickels When I flip coke and flip boats, come live a little And you best be knowin', pussy still is the best thang goin' Any extra dough, come invest in hoe'in But I clap that boy, kidnap and wrap that boy Clap, "We reeeeeeadddy" I'ma mastered boy like Pastor Troy But I'm stoned sucka, with my nigga Bone Crusher Baby, we like to bone, all our chicks are bone crushers We got guns in coupes, in case our sun'll roof No basketball, when we talkin', run and shoot [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 3: Jadakiss] Aiyyo, the 40 cal' is full and I'm waitin' No matter what county I'm in, Dekalb, Cobb, Fulton or Clayton Muah baby, you know who it is, the kiss of death If the world was sucka free, it just be me and my niggaz left I ain't neva scared, I got big hammers everywhere In places where you need yo passport at, I'm heavy there It's time we get even here, when I put the game back In it's proper perspective, this time leave it there You can think whachu want, til I blow the back of yo brains out and see if you can think with yo front Like a new single, make sure you leak for a month Treat yo face like a buffet, and tell my niggaz "Eat whachu want" You'ono nuthin' about puttin' a couple hundred thousand on the table And tell yo niggaz "Keep whachu want" It's usually hate or somethin' stupid that a nigga die for So whachu think we outside for? [Chorus] - 2X [Verse 4: Busta Rhymes] Now all my soldiers (soldiers), thugs (thugs), niggaz (yea!), I know you want it! Don't stop, get it, get it, bitches betta get up on it! Sit up on it shawty, get up on it See when I spit up on it, shit up all over niggaz like a Harley pick up When I throw a get-up on it Big up, all of my niggaz that ain't scared of the hustle Throw anotha mill up on it (yea!) I'ma cop a lotta land and I'ma cop a mountain and throw a lil' crib up on it Yes, I'll eat yo food and you know I'm gonna CHOW DOWN! Mothafucka, all yo niggaz betta BOW DOWN! Mothafucka, 'fore I have to come and POW WOW! Mothafucka, I ain't playin' witcha So I let my niggaz touch ya, it's a must and we gotta rush ya Shatter bones in yo body, when I bust, I holla Bone Crusher Let me spell it out for you homie, I hope you came prepared Cuz I don't care if you live or phony, cuz we ain't NEVA SCARED! Flipmode and the Dirty South niggaz know whussup Cuz we got you open dude Fuck that, make a lil' sucka nigga, fallin' back Layin' stiffer than frozen food Two stop me means you have to SHOOT ME! Get cake in the ? GROUPIES! Watch niggaz acknowledge the general and all SALUTE ME! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Juelz Santana Album: Chris Brown Song: Run It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Juelz Santana] Okay, checkit-checkit-check it out It's Santan-er again steppin'-steppin',steppin' out, up One of them brand new big boy toys I do big boy things, I make big boy noise 'cause (*singing*)I know what girls want, (want) I know what they like (like) They wanna stay up ('EY), and party all night So bring a friend [Chris Brown - Verse 1] Let me talk to you, tell you how it is I was thinkin' when I saw that body, gotta get shawty Tell her what the young boy gon do Damn them chicks witchu, gotta be okay Babe pretty thick wit the kick that's sick that need to be hit So tell me what y'all gon do [Hook 2X] I got friends, and you got friends They hop out, and you hop in I look fly, and they jock-in' The way you drop, drop makes me wanna pop Is ya MAN (MAN) on the FLO'? (FLO') If he AIN'T (AIN'T), lemme KNOW! (KNOW) Let me see if you can run it, run it Girl indeed I can run it, run it Is ya MAN (MAN) on the FLO'? (FLO') If he AIN'T (AIN'T), lemme knoo-ow! Let me see if you can run it, run it Girl indeed I can run it, run it [Verse Two] (C'MERE!!) You'll see, girl I can set you off Don't believe, my age is gonna slow us do-own I can definitely show you things To have you sayin' I can't be sixteen Once I, get in, you won't wanna go (and I...) I'll have, yo' girls, wishin' they were you (and I...) I know your heard about me, but guess what's goin' down if we leave [Hook 2X and chorus] [Bridge] (Let's go) Girl you feel right (feel right) Make me feel like... (feel like...) I wanna do a little somethin' (do a little somethin' tonight) Ain't no thing let you do it fo SHO' Girl the way that your wearin' them jeans is turnin me on I'm the hottest thing that's in these streets (Dipset) So baby won't you rock, me... [Juelz Santana] Make it drop honey, make it pop honey Whip whop, tick-tock to the clock for me Don't stop doin that, and shawty know I MEAN what I say So she won't stop doin' dat Plus I heard if you can dance, you can bump Well dance time is up! Let's go, let's go (yup) We can get it in, (yup) we can get some friends Do it like the Ying Yang Twinz, start whisperin' (*whispers*) Wait til' you see my...'EY! Wait til' you see my...'EY! Let me fall back, you ain't ready for all that Have you sleep late, real late, yeah takin' a long nap ('EY!) You tell your friends, to get wit my friends We could be friends, switch and meet friends (SWITCH) We can do it all night long and, til' the clock hit mornin', ya dig? [Chorus and ad-libs 'til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Jadakiss, Lil Wayne Album: Back On My B.S. Song: Respect My Conglomerate Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Most people would consider this illegal Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] It's Bus Rhymes!!!! (HUH!) And I'm back With the crack, and the thugs, and the drugs, NIGGA BLACK!!!! (OH!!!!) The best to do it we only deal with the facts bitch Blazin that I'm so amazin on the tracks BITCH!!!!!! (BOUNCE ON 'EM!!!!) And I jump, and I skip And I hop, and I flip over niggas like gymnastics (HEY!) Watch the way and I'm givin the streets acid Bastards niggas know I'm the king of the classics Drastic measures, I'm spreadin like a rash bitch Class is in session you 'bout to get yo' ass kicked  Emperor, of every roundtable of the house (AND WHEN I SPEAK) Niggas respect me as leader of the councilman God rap, God persona, God scrilla (HUH!) God body in the flesh call me GODZILLA!!!!  Now you know you see we be the most prominent Dominant niggas respect my conglomerate (AHHHHHHHH!!!!!!) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate  Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate  [Verse Two: Lil Wayne] Eh Em, Young Money we in charge Yes it's Lil Wayne but the money's enlarged Priorities Young Money and God Now they wanna know how I be gettin money on Mars Cause I be gettin paid like out of this world Hip Hop is a bitch and I'm proud of this girl But when the sharks come see how the fish curl This is my day and you 'gon need a referral I know more about tree then squirrel  Me don't talk much but that heat so verbal Brand new Marc Jacobs Pea Coat thermal Gun outside of the gear external I'm so fly y'all still at the terminal I put you in the dirt yeah because I see the worm in you Dirty South bitch! Admire and acknowledge it And respect my conglomerate [Chorus] (Jadakiss) Since we are the best and you agree with me right? (Uh-huh) No need to debate..(uh-uh!)...the way we run shit (Yeah) See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate (Eh-HAEH!!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (Ha-HAEEEH!!) Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate (HA-HAEEEH!!) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yeah, uh, yeah, yo.. Workers, bosses, Ferraris, Porches Dope fiends nauseous, crack spot Race track, horses, big meetings at the Round table, to discuss what the cost is Money, change you, devils, angels We the ones who say what you can and what you cain't do Respect, power, kush, sour Haze, airy, pills, powder Gangstas, varmints, ice, garments Don shit, real niggas who I get it on wit When I'm around, my colleagues ain't comfortable They all got a-sick with my verses for a month or two (Uh) Yep - wrong nigga to have a problem with The blade first, then the bullet gon' follow it Yeah, if you lucky, I might hollow it D-Block, just respect my conglomerate Since we are the best and you agree with me right? No need to debate.....the way we run shit See were kind of like the government, so just repect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate Just respect my conglomerate, just respect my conglomerate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-N-Noreaga f/ The Lox Album: War Report 2 Song: Bodega Stories Typed by: Staysaucyy@hotmail.com [Noreaga] [Ayo aki man, I want a turkey and cheese man "oil and vinegar" hold the tomatoes Bee, extra mayonase yall niggas be cheap on the mayonase and I'ma take some chips and this muthafucking Sunkist I'll pay you later] Yeaa!! See I don't see eye to eye with niggas  I kill em fast I aint gotta say goodbye to niggas Noreaga the office is a bodega  ask pancho hit em with the hancho  all I really need is baking soda and the blanco  bullet proof glass selling loosies on the late night  got big work kind to cut it with a snake knife the homie paco work on the morning shift  that's my man uncle put in work for a morning sniff yea! we done switch the whole operation  humptu ala prey we lost to observation  they know I'm the shit but I had constipation right hand damaged again and I aint lefty put the razor right by his chin right where his neck be my new York niggas wolverine chlorine  wild niggas from fort greene roll like a ball team [Chorus 2X: Noreaga] Bodega dreams bodega nightmares  this my hood I grew up and had fights here  and you protect it so when you get arrest it They ask you to speak without a lawyer you neglect it [Jadakiss] Ahaaaa!.Yo Steal it if you cant afford it  shoot it out or either sort it  the war still gotta get reported  coke will get snorted niggas will get slaughter spots get raided shut down and boughted  I really owe papi half of my stash  for letting me set shop up in the back by the trash this here is the get back I can just kick back cop and go thou move traffic by the chip rack [Sheek] "Donnie" Na is Foxy and Mega Street Fighter or Sega Corner store vanilla dutchy the bodega Use to have the hammer that shoot crooked Fell asleep drunk one night moms came home and she took it Look it boards head turkey fiends coming thru with bootleg burkies Tell my lil workers to chirp em Donnie white hoody white 4 door Porsche ku klux looking Here my source in Brooklyn [Styles P] Use to move C and D in the bodega 12 gauge pump nine mill and the 0 raza Weapon by the video game never one by the cold cuts Niggas get stretched over here for acting so tough This our hood consider it a wolf den  Tryna run up in and fucking with a wolf then Get a bullet in your tooth then CNN and Lox hood niggas salute them. [Capone] Aiyyo Mo from the candy store use to sell a nigga bullets  and he from Pakistan hit em with a half a gram  he get you anything no matter the gun size  throw it in the bag with the chips and the loosies  papi on the ave got the connect on the bootsies  a stroll outta 40th me and my nigga snoopy  yea what up papi dimelo un minuto lets polly thou  walk me to the basement I was startle by the rody bark  flash the 8 on me musta thought I was from cali park  na pa I need something that fit on my nike boot  he laughed at me in Spanish and said this will bite troops  grab the lil 25 next to the gold riffle  this is etiquette I'm on my berretta shit gave em the bread and split  I heard that 24 got the re-up  thats the all night store the hood ikea  you can get it all from the baggies to the leaks  ak said is a drought come and see em in a week  fuck that this is my hood my niggas gotta eat. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-N-Norega f/ The LOX Album: In Too Deep Soundtrack Song: Bleeding From the Mouth Typed by: Jonr187@yahoo.com Trackmasters Nigga L.O.X, CNN [Capone] I been through, runnin' from cops, eatin' beef on the corner Been through cold cells, thug in the bench, the rap performer I been put the Mack upon ya, look faggot Turn around to shshshsh, to shoot faggots I been a star since Pat Benetar CNN, Lox the type of shit that have you fleein' a rock I been put the key in a lock Who got a song, hot a Capone And Nore copped the Benz, first day home I been beatin' niggaz up, been spittin' on hoes  Thinkin' they too good for hood niggaz Been in my zone Been the champ since Larry Holmes, Spinks had teeth And in a forbuilding,  been had 'em reppin' the street Caught 'em wide over Y.O, first felony Solo Eightball and MJG What is you tellin' me [Noreaga] Yo, yo I got guns, guns Mad fuckin' guns, ha I had them hundreds when you had them little ones, ha But fuck that, live niggaz, In rap And you can catch me with a Teletubbie Holdin' my gat Yo, I'm a soldier, what You a soldier, Nigga infact A wow, niggaz from suddenly just settin' a trap I murder you, the niggaz fiend Just fiend to attack You shut the tunnel down twice like militant night We at the club tonight, Nore yo Please be nice I buy the bar out Crystal, no glass, no ice I drink it straight from the bottle, And I spit on a ho Ayyo, you boned that bitch Naw I pissed on a ho Melvin Flynt, exclusive new shit Yo, you better tell 'em you heard 'it on this Track Masterz [Chorus: Jadakiss] + (Noreaga) Yo, yo, You only need a gun and some crack to get you a stack (L.O.X., CNN, Y.O. to Iraq) Luxury cars, twenty thous, thugged out the bar (House on the hill, and my niggaz blowin' for real) Store in the hood, my niggas go to war and we good We just thugged out hustlers, tourin' the hood We the deepest niggaz out (the streetest niggaz out) L.O.X. and CNN will leave you bleedin' from the mouth [Jadakiss] I learned at a young age Not to ride with dummies That won't die for they man But 'ell die for money [Styles Paniro] And if the L.O.X. get rich We goin' divide the money Where we from we stay live And survivin' hungry [Jadakiss] Don't pass me a blunt But you can pass me a gun [Styles Paniro] And you can have that pretty bitch, Right after I cum [Jadakiss] And you can front and keep your watch We goin' puncture a lung [Styles Paniro] L.O.X. style [Jadakiss] Cocksucker [Styles Paniro] Dump and we run [Jadakiss] All our dogs up in the slums [Styles Paniro] Humpin' they chums [Jadakiss] Holdin' they pits [Styles Paniro] Lightin' blunts Loadin' they shit [Jadakiss] And niggaz can't understand, that we married the street And when we felt like we were cheatin' We ain't carryin' our heat [Styles Paniro] And we don't like holdin' nothing But we carry a beef Hopin' ya family stay strong [Jadakiss] Then they can carry the grief You break bread with a thief [Styles Paniro] And then you scarry to sleep [Jadakiss] And we ain't tryin' to bury you [Styles Paniro & Jadakiss] We tryin' to bury a jeep Chorus: Outro: [Noreaga] What What What, what, what What What What, what, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CNN f/ Busta Rhymes, Jadakiss, Ron Browz & Swizz Beatz Album: Rotate (Remix) 12" Song: Rotate (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] (Jadakiss) It's NORE time!!!!!!!!!! [Ron Browz]: ETHER BOY!!!!!!! [Swizz Beatz]: Stretch your arms out or somethin man [Ron Browz]: NORE!!!!!!! [Busta Rhymes]: Busta Bus!!! NORE!!! I just strapped in for the remix nigga!!! [Ron Browz] (N.O.R.E.) Remix (G-Mix) Rotate (G-Mix) Remix (G-Mix) Rotate Remix (G-Mix) Rotate (G-Mix) Remix (G-Mix) [Chorus: Ron Browz] (N.O.R.E.) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] Aiyyo su-perthug I love what the streets do And we all New York artist it ain't regional My Queens people told me tighten up my schemes The homey Kanye told me tighten up my jeans (NO!) Oh, my, God, go on God (GOD!) NORE back, NORE back, go and tell Jesus Go alert the hustlers people that sell keys This is no reason this is no warning shots This is no false alarm holmes or none of that That, some pour in line to the protocol  Or get three holes in you like a bowling ball Superthug rifle, Stokey Carmichael [Verse Two: Ron Browz] I heard alot of artist wanna throw darts But your boy rotatin on the Billboard charts (On the charts) Yeah, on the Billboard charts Your boy rotatin on the Billboard charts  Oh! Uh! I'm rotatin the truck the truck (Truck) Ride through Harlem rotatin it up You broke, you ain't rotatin a buck And I can slide your girl off and rotate in the guts [Chorus: Ron Browz] (N.O.R.E.) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) [Verse Three: Swizz Beatz] Get up (OH) Stand up (OH) Errbody hands up We all in the club, club, we don't give a damn (WHAT?!) It's that new me, in my new V Used to wear Coogi, now I wear Gucci I've been fresh since 9-8 Wore my Nautica suits in all whites, I'm straight B.I.G. in the Land Rover The other punk lil' rappers had to move over (SCOOT!) I was kickin out wit Hova With that Jiggaman came and took the beat - game over Ruff Ryders came and took the street thang over And N.O.R. came, "Superthug", it's over [Verse Four: Busta Rhymes] Look! Everytime I spit I drop heat from the gutter You ain't realize you can't stop me mu'fucker!!!!! I pop off like a launch of missles and whistle It's the way I hot the block I should open a chain of Sizzler's I out grind niggas in the street and how I carve a flow All in the beat you should call me master, hammer and chizzler Like I'm a stop a hope that ain't somethin expected Like you ain't already know I'm the nicest NOW JUST RESPECT IT!!!!!!! [Chorus: Ron Browz] (N.O.R.E.) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) [Verse Five: Capone] PONE! Aiyyo, aiyyo, I'ma be the first with that new 750i Coupe I suck over sour and shorties in them high boots (Love 'em!) My goons'll treat ya face like a drive-thru Take the order, eat ya food, then get high too (UH-OHHHHH!!!!) That new CNN, that new Bussa, new Kiss I rep for niggas in the box like new kicks PONE, I might rotate with new chicks And still got workers rotatin two shifts [Verse Six: Jadakiss] Bullets rotatin the joint when I blast metal Session to have your funeral lookin mad ghetto You don't know what time it is, I can't tell you I got bad sinuses, I can't smell you Don't make promises, 'cause they'll kill you You just talk to the hood then they'll feel you You try to leave without payin they gon' bill you When you rotate with a snowflake, they gon' grill you WHAT! [Chorus: Ron Browz] (N.O.R.E.) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my niggas say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) All my shorties say OH OH OH OH OH (OH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Jadakiss Album: Charmbracelet (Japanese Import) Song: Miss You Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mariah] Said Jermaine likes it, and I like it [Mariah] (JD) {Jadakiss} {Uh, uh huh, yeah}, (uh huh, yeah), uh huh, yeah (uh) (Uh huh, yeah, yeah) You know I'm really missing you baby, uh huh, yeah (MC) You know I'm really missing you baby, uh huh, yeah (So So Def) You know I'm really missing you baby, uh huh, yeah Baby baby I'm missing you (heh heh, come on) [Verse One: Mariah] Longing for you everyday and I reach for you every night (uh huh, yeah) Baby nothing's been the same since the day, we, said, good-bye And I can't go on like this for too long Baby baby I'm missing you (uh huh, yeah) Boy I need you next to me and I'm hungering for your touch Caught up in the memories and you're all I'm thinking of (uh huh, yeah) 'cause I can't get past, what we used to have (yeah) Baby baby I'm missing you (come on) [Chorus: Mariah] I'm talkin' bout how I used to like it when you whispered to me Tell me that you love me and those beautiful things Baby won't you come here 'cause I'm really in need I'm lost in your love and I don't know what to do with myself I don't wanna be with nobody else I just think about you, think about us, think about how much I miss you [Verse Two: Mariah] All I do is reminisce of the love that we used to share (uh huh, yeah) Can't recover from your kiss because nothing, else compares (uh huh, yeah) Ain't no substitute, when it comes to you (come on) Baby baby I'm missing you Visions of us hand in hand come to me when I close my eyes (uh huh, yeah) Baby I don't understand how we let, it, all slip by Tell me can we try, baby one more time, baby, baby I miss you [Mariah] + (JD) Remember when, our eyes first met (uh huh) I knew I'd never be the same again (this part's sexy right here) Why can't it just be like it was (yeah) Enough is enough (yo) {*whispering*} Ja-da-*MUAH* [Jadakiss] Uh, uh huh Yo, I remember when I first kicked it to you We hit it off well, then I used to whisper to you It was all swell Said you came from a family with money Me, I was fresh off the block handling twenties When I smile was you open or what (uh huh, yeah) Say you can't judge a book by the cover 'til you open it up Past hot, we was more like lava-ble (uh huh) Used to chill and the smoke didn't bother you Beauty of a rose, scent of a flower Love when I tell her to, get in the shower, hit it for hours (wooo) When I thought you was able to cope that's where things fell apart ma, then it stagnated us both And now the pain is killing you crazy While all the time in your mind, you knew I was feeling you crazy But Kiss is official boo and I'mma come clean  You miss me, well I miss you too, come on [Chorus] - repeat 4X w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Juelz Santana Album: Touch My Body (Single) Song: Touch My Body (Remix) Typed by: dpgangstaville@hotmail.com [Intro: Juelz Santana] MC you make a nigga wanna sing baby Dididididididi (laugh) Yeah, Santana Ya digg? Dipset Skull gang Ay! [Verse 1: Juelz Santana & Mariah Carey] [Juelz Santana] I make you laugh, I make you smile, I make you blush Just let me kiss, just let me feel, just let me touch Then cock your legs back like a gun and make it bust Not once, pap twice, pee times, good night Whatever you want me to do, I'll do it, just say it mama I'll be the pool boy, I'll be the cable guy I'll be the man next do' Baby just let me know I'll be the mail man, I'll lick ya envelope There ain't no cameras up in here, baby I ain't no paparazzi And if it is, shit, you can have the only copies As long as you gon' make a promise, that you gon' go and watch it Rewind it, then call me up so we can talk about it [Mariah Carey] I know that you've been waiting for it I'm waiting too In my imagination I'd be all up on you I know you got that fever for me Hundred and two And boy I know I feel the same My temperature's through the roof [Hook 1: Mariah Carey] If there's a camera up in here Then it's gonna leave with me When I do If there's a camera up in here Then I'd best not catch this flick On YouTube Cause if you run your mouth and brag About this secret rendezvous I will hunt you down Cause they be all up in my bidness Like a Wendy Interview But this is private Between you and I [Hook 2: Mariah Carey] Touch my body Put me on the floor Wrestle me around Play with me some more Touch my body Throw me on the bed I just wanna make you feel Like you never did Touch my body Let me wrap my thighs All around your waist Just a little taste Touch my body Know you love my curves Come on and give me what I deserve And touch my body [Verse 2: Mariah Carey] Boy you can put me on you Like a brand new white tee I'll hug your body tighter Than my favorite jeans I want you to caress me Like a tropical breeze And float away with you In the Caribbean Sea [Hook 1: Mariah Carey] If there's a camera up in here Then it's gonna leave with me When I do If there's a camera up in here Then I'd best not catch this flick On YouTube Cause if you run your mouth and brag About this secret rendezvous I will hunt you down Cause they be all up in my bidness Like a Wendy Interview But this is private Between you and I [Hook 2: Mariah Carey] Touch my body Put me on the floor Wrestle me around Play with me some more Touch my body Throw me on the bed I just wanna make you feel Like you never did Touch my body Let me wrap my thighs All around your waist Just a little taste Touch my body Know you love my curves Come on and give me what I deserve And touch my body [Verse 3: Mariah Carey] I'm gonna treat you like a teddy bear You won't wanna go nowhere In the lap of luxury Baby just turn to me You won't want for nothing boy I will give you plenty Touch my body [Hook 2: Mariah Carey] Touch my body Put me on the floor Wrestle me around Play with me some more Touch my body Throw me on the bed I just wanna make you feel Like you never did Touch my body Let me wrap my thighs All around your waist Just a little taste Touch my body Know you love my curves Come on and give me what I deserve And touch my body [Outro: Mariah Carey] Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah Oh yeah oh yeah Oh oh oh oh yeah Touch my body... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Jadakiss, Styles P Album: The Emancipation of Mimi (Platinum Edition) Song: We Belong Together (Remix) Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Mariah] When you left I lost a part of me It's still so hard to believe Come back baby please cause we belong together [DJ Clue] Haha, remix, Desert Storm [Jadakiss] (Styles P.) Uh, yo, show your respect whenever you hear me or see me (This is the emancipation of Mimi) Hot like the real fever (the real diva) So successful yet still so eager No matter what they say it's on forever (It's our time right now) more than ever (To the death) we gon' get it on together And M-C, you know we belong together [Mariah] I lost a part of me, when you left boy, can't you see Boy come back baby please cause we belong together Who am I gonna lean on when times get rough Who's gon' talk to me till the sun comes up Who's gon' take your place there ain't nobody better Oh, baby, baby, we belong together [Mariah] I only think of you on two occasions That's day and night I'd go for broke if I could be wit you Only you can make it right, make it right, make it right [Styles P.] (Jadakiss) We belong together like the sun in the summertime Bounce in a lemon range (skip in a hummer lime) (P and Kiss in and out) Mariah on the other line Baby I'm a come back (believe it'll come a time) (We belong together like peanut butter and jelly) Februaries and skellies, after parties and tellies (Feelin' you in my stomach like you a part of my belly) Baby I'm a come back with every part of you ready [Mariah] I lost a part of me, when you left boy, can't you see Boy come back baby please cause we belong together Who am I gonna lean on when times get rough Who's gon' talk to me till the sun comes up Who's gon' take your place there ain't nobody better Oh, baby, baby, we belong together [Mariah] (Jadakiss) I can't sleep at night when you are on my mind Bobby Womack's on the radio singin' to me If you think you're lonely now, wait until tonight Boy I'm feeling all out of my element Throwin' things, cryin', tryin' to figure out where the hell I went wrong The pain reflected in this song ain't even half of what I'm feeling inside I need you, need you back in my life, baby (let's go) [Styles P.] (Jadakiss) You gon' need a shoulder to cry on Classic Mustang Cobra to ride on Past is the past, just let it be bygones Matter of fact I know a fly song that we could vibe on Let's get it straight If it's the six or the quarter to eight (Then I'm throwin' Babyface or Shai on) Yeah and Kiss, ghost and MC Get close and toast to the diva and MC's (Uh the trees will blow) (Big cups, Pino Grigio) take it easy, yo (We belong together, we know that) (Now I think that it's bout time we show that) (Even though every moment won't be a Kodak) yo (Sometimes we argue, I spaz out, grab my bozak) (Come back not cause I have to, I want to) (And no I don't just wanna have you, I want you, uh) [Mariah] I lost a part of me, when you left boy, can't you see Boy come back baby please cause we belong together Who am I gonna lean on when times get rough Who's gon' talk to me till the sun comes up Who's gon' take your place there ain't nobody better Oh, baby, baby, we belong together [Mariah] (DJ Clue) This is, Desert Storm remix, haha (we belong together) (Oh baby, baby, we belong together) DJ Clue, Desert Storm (oh, come back baby please) MC (we belong together) (Come back baby please) Woooo We back baby (we belong together) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Jadakiss Album: Split Personality Song: Can I Talk to You Typed by: macdav88@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Jadakiss] (cassidy: yea) I need to talk to ya (cassidy: okay) can I talk to ya? (cassidy: come on come on come on) ay, lemme holla at cha (cassidy: come on come on come on) yo, stop runnin from me [Cassidy] Ayo this Cassidy and niggaz is not fuckin wit me man yea I'm talkin reckless but you gotta respect it its in my DNA man, I was born to be a gangsta Kiss talk to 'em man [Jadakiss] yo, you know me K-I-S-S Kiss of Death LP soon come for ya, bless bless metalic green paint on the apala the S.S and I figured the more niggaz dead the less stress You love how I'm hurtin the track You wanna polly but I'm sort of hard to reach like the dirt on ya back hand to hand like I'm workin the sack and I work out on my arms, so I have no problem workin the mack (uh) neva been a toe steppa, side switcher a fence jumper, I was ten wit ten pumpers hustled wit the best of dem did watever it took to make a quarter I charged niggaz to watch wrestlin I'm a heavy threat, D-Block, Double R, Full surface yall niggaz ain't ready yet YEA, NEW YORK IS MINE, PHILLY IS CASS HOLLA BACK [Chorus: Jadakiss - 2X] (cassidy: yea) I need to talk to ya (cassidy: okay) can I talk to ya? (cassidy: come on come on come on) ay, lemme holla at cha (cassidy: come on come on come on) yo, stop runnin from me [Cassidy] You know me, C-A-S-S, fresh dressed just coped some new 4-5's and a fresh vest I get scout, cuz a bitch mouth is the best sex but less talk, you ain't got no heart in ya left breast go head, get ya beef on I let my wolves get they eat on and leave you wit nothin but ya sneaks on but it don't matter cuz ya feets gonn now thats restin in peices so go meet Jesus You lil boys better ease up cuz them dudes you think hot, will see Cass and then freeze up You wanna scrap? role ya sleeves up but, I'd rather squeeze cuz I ain't trynna fuck my trees up or wrinkle my dickie, I crack the dutch sprinkle the sticky I know you pissed, I got kiss and them wit me, dig me? cuz you dudes is haters and if you bet that I was gonn flop, you gonn LOSE YA PAPER [Chorus: Jadakiss - 2X] (cassidy: yea) I need to talk to ya (cassidy: okay) can I talk to ya? (cassidy: come on come on come on) ay, lemme holla at cha (cassidy: come on come on come on) yo, stop runnin from me [Jadakiss] ayo, get it thru ya head it's no stoppin me nigga the "R" is Double, the Surface is Full, the Block is D all it take is a trey 8 and a mask nigga its Jada and Cas I vision ya face, watin to blast if money was food yall niggaz be fastin and we stuffin our face, we eatin wit passion in the hood like we runnin numbers Cass ask these mothafuckas why they runnin from us [Cassidy] they runnin from us cuz they petrified I lift guns for the exercise and I spray like insectosides You bullz better recognize when the weapon rise You can catch slugs in ya chest thru ya vest and die You on some sucka shit so I'll leave a scar on ya face longer than the knife that I cut you wit I done paid my dews so I'll blow ya brains out and then feed it to ya seed like baby food [Chorus: Jadakiss - 2X] (cassidy: yea) I need to talk to ya (cassidy: okay) can I talk to ya? (cassidy: come on come on come on) ay, lemme holla at cha (cassidy: come on come on come on) yo, stop runnin from me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Styles P., Swizz Beatz Album: Split Personality Song: Pop That Cannon Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Swizz Beatz] Aooow! banger, let's go (Swizz, man) Styles P (Oh, y'all ain't know) Cassidy Full Surface, listen it's a rap for y'all, whooo! Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, aoow! [Verse 1 - Cassidy] Look, homes behave, or get cut wit ya own blade The chrome raise, put ya guts on ya own leg Nigga I'm sicker then full-blown AIDS And my block got more rocks, then the Stone Age You been afraid, you sweet like homemade Lemonade, if it's beef, then the chrome blaze You could make the newspaper, get ya own page And make the news too, you know how my dudes do We wear masks so you can't tell, who's who And for the cash, we'll blast at you dudes too Wit the lead pipe, so get ya head right I'm in the Benz, rims, spin at the red light I'm comin for cash, gun in the dash And I'm on 21 and a half's (for real cannon) I got my gat, I ain't walkin without it And I cock and clap, you just talkin about it, nigga [Chorus - Cassidy] + (Swizz Beatz) POP that cannon, POP that cannon POP that cannon, POP that cannon (It's whatever motherfuckas, I ain't scared) (It's whatever motherfuckas, I ain't scared) So a - POP that cannon, POP that cannon POP that cannon, POP that cannon (It's whatever motherfuckas, I ain't scared) (It's whatever motherfuckas, I ain't scared) [Verse 2 - Styles P.] Niggaz is fly now, and everybody livin a lie now But shit feel different wit a gun in ya eyebrow No fuckin wit the Holiday Styles kid Blow wit a ton of guns, and he got a hell of an outbid Like Cosby in the hood, I knock the jelatin out shit Organs on the floor of the van Cause you gotta show these faggot motherfuckas, that you more of a man Y'all wanna fly like Mike... motherfuckas So they won't find you, or your Jordans again Take a boss to be ordered the men, give them a call If you don't have my money, in 24 hours Then the cocksucka won't see his daughter again It's like the movie that you seen, I'm the star of the screen I got a roll for you to play... stand here And take six to the face, I dug a hole for you today Holiday Styles, killin 20 soldiers in a day, what [Verse 3 - Cassidy] Ayo I use to pitch nicks, now I spit rhymes I'ma get mine, legit, or the quick grind Shit my whole clique commit crimes Did time, been on the strip and grip nines But I swear to you motherfuckas I got my gun right here, I ain't scared of you motherfuckas I'm a hustler, plus a check cutter I stretch butter, in {???} X, now that's gutter I came for war, you know what them thangs is for Slug make ya blood stain the floor It ain't a game no more, niggaz gon' respect me I grip gats, that kick back like Jet Li So don't test me, or the boy S.P Cause I ain't tryna get no fuckin blood, on my fresh tee You don't impress me, STOP that cannon Cause you could get ROCKED, when I POP that cannon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassidy f/ Drag-On, Maino, Styles P., Swizz Beatz, Talib Kweli Album: Stand Up 12" Song: Stand Up (Sean Bell Tribute) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Grind House Sean Bell, everybody   [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, we gotta fight for our rights, huh Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, we gotta fight for our rights, huh   It's crazy, man it's crazy Man it's crazy, man it's crazy Get up, stand up, get up Get up, stand up, get up Get up man, we gotta stand fight for our rights, huh   [Cassidy] The boy Sean in heaven cause he was born in hell To feed his daughter, he hustled like I ain't gon fail He was an electrician but wasn't doing well I ain't gon say he sold drugs but kept going to jail He wasn't doing right cause life wasn't going well I'm gon tell a story, ghostwritten by Sean Bell Detective suppose to protect us, but now dectective shoot us They ruthless like Michael Oliver and Detective Cooper Obama, when you get elected, please improve the law Cause they ain't have to shoot 50 shots and a moving car Them cops admit that they did it and still got acquitted But if we fight our rights, one day we got to get it     [Drag-On] Yeah, chea, uh, uh Niggas in New York like on the cell Turn to kid got shot named Sean Bell Damn, another good soldier fell If he would've did it, he would've got no bail What's going on? I can't tell, cops getting away with that murder murder 50 shots right through the car, and they ain't even find out one burner Cause all they wanna do is meet the quoter Running up, killing niggas on the corner Better watch out for they for they pop up on ya Cause cops every block hot as a sauna Another young black casualty That's the government strategy In the hood, they harassing me What happened to Sean can happen to me I feel for his moms (yeah), I feel for his pops (yeah) When I heard that verdict, I peeled through the block Feel his family pain, what a way to die Just try to keep your sane, it's ok to cry     [Maino] Listen, look, now I can't help but think what if that man was me What if the rose was different, I was him and he was me What if he had the chance to live out his wildest dreams What if his 50 shots came directly after me? What if my son was crying? Police, they keep on lying What if my girl was live hurting? Al Sharpton says defying This shit is crazy, they got our babies Feels like the world is a prison, we in the case and There ain't no hope for us, look at how they hurting us Dirty cops and politicians, I don't have a soul to trust Hope is not enough, we need to open up We need to fight, we need to change, we need to do for us     [Styles P.] People come to march, but I come to spark blue Throw it in your head, they on kill us cause we dark Now once the police, (what up), a black man is running for president But still no justice, no peace Just we in our own hell up in New York City And I'm thinking what a pity, every man is Sean Bell Is a black man a bullseye? Just a moving target to 'em Let it go, reload, we that much of a problem to 'em? Judge let the cop go, we that much of a problem to 'em? How your honor ain't got no honor to 'em? Peace to the family of Bells I respect how you're strong, may your family be well     [Talib Kweli] Yo, yeah, yeah, get up, stand up Man, get up, stand up, yeah, no, no No he didn't come to mourn, not another mother torn Not another brother gone, something's wrong, the last thing we need is another song Man, the proof of lack of leadership like a truth up in the media My people in need of a solution, we need some civil disobedience They stuck glued to they TV screen and they believe what's on they computer screen The cops did they job and did it well, that's how the judge viewed the scene Skip the jury of their peers Now the Bell family's eyes is blurry with their tears, you feel the fury everywhere Nothing left than assassintation, exaggeration of the facts Fabrications is facinating, the beast is waiting to attack Gotta face it, if you're black and you're young  It's predetermine that you that you pack a gun, people shouting black to everyone   The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Clipse f/ Jadakiss, Styles P, Roscoe P. Coldchain Album: Lord Willin' Song: I'm Not You Typed by: anthonydavidjames@hotmail.com (Pusha T Talking) No no no..... I told you.... I live this shit (echoing) I aint just up here, rappin and tappin, spittin and skittin and shit Naw, uh uhh, not me I'm not you, I'm not you rapper, I'm not you.... Pusha [Pusha T] I keep that ziploc bustin at the stitches Culinary chemist, I serve the malicious, to break the fiends fixes One give you the sniffles, the other, leave you with the itches Transport airport with the vaseline, so I can, Fulfill my dreams of passion and green, more cash then ya seen Within Ashton its green, me drivin up fast with the lean Zonin family, keep youngins in them rented Camrys Door panels full of shit and I aint full of shit Wreckless ass, God forbid they don't crash From the panel to the dash, its four pounds of slab Nah bitch we don't believe in air bags Cars turn tricks like them Ringling brother skits Whether bitch hop out, or the glock pop out, ya know what I'm about Blow to ya sinus til the snot drop out (Jadakiss overlapping Pusha T's last line) Whoever said birds fly south for the winters a damn lie Got em right here, and if I don't like you the grams high Take it or leave it, soon as a fiend taste it they need it They could smoke it right in front of you to make you believe it Prolly think I won't murder you the way I smile But I'ma take alotta shots, A.I style Jada, the name is filthy, but so what, the motherfuckin game is filthy You know what, my mom and my pops really did a good job But it was the Montega, and the Cane the built me so I Could never hate on another brother God is great, the devil is a motherfucker When you broke but they think you got money Crackers start showin you love, ya own people act funny I tear niggas heads off, I don't discriminate Waves, cornrows, or dreads, I will eliminate [Roscoe P. Coldchain] I'm far from a noodle nigga, I stab up block reps And turn quiet streets into hot sex Nigga that's funny you say you a killa how? What is it the return of the killer clown? You don't put no fear in my heart I make ya people say wow that didn't look like my man They flipped upside down, the coroner did what he can He got hit wit ten rounds, at pointblank, and pointblank Coldchian left that nigga stankin Half static and face I got the wrinkling, slugs all in it I had my eyes on his mink and, I didn't give em a chance to blink when, I dodged up on em, pressed the forty up on him shocked em Made his head stand on end and like a baby I rocked em The Coffin the cradle, you cant bite the hand that made you, That's the beginning of the end, and you a thug that pretends Carl Coldchain, suit the nigga, I got a great vision I see through men And squeeze triggers wit bullets that go through men [Styles P] Fuck wit S.P that's ya date with death Got bullets that'll grape ya chest, no sleep like I hate the rest I'm in the hood like its my fate to rep I hold it down, any place I step And I love gettin slept on Cuz I'm rawer than dope fresh outta Africa that never been stepped on Dog, Ima clap at you the minute that you rep wrong Holiday the ghost the main reason why ya set gone Why I love riffin the war you wouldn't understand Cuz my God is different than yours If the world spin in a circle I wanted men to move backwards Kill niggas the first minute they jerk you What you keep the toaster for, creepin through the hood and Shit aint really good, but I'm deeper than the ocean floor Higher than a plane and meaner than a bull Want ya insides out so I mean it when I pull [Malice] Rappers is talking to me as if (come on) We in the same boat I tell them quick no I move Coke! (uh uhh) And you and I don't share no common bond So forgive me if I don't recieve you with open arms (No) It shames me to no end, To feed poison to those who could very well be my kin (uh huh) But where there's demand, someone will supply So I feed them their needs at the same time cry Yes it pains me to see them needness All of them lost souls and I'm their Jesus Deepest regret and sympathy to the street I see no pity for they fix when they kids couldn't eat (so sorry) And with this in mind, I still didn't quit And that's how I know, that I aint shit (I aint shit) My heart bleed but that's aside from the fact I live from my kids and theirs and them youngins after that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Jadakiss Album: The Way it Is Song: Guess What Typed by: Rabies72582@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jadakiss] Owww... yeah Keyshia... Jada You made it ma (made it, made it) [Chorus: Keyshia] I'm tired of the bullshit, competin' with these other chicks You don't know what to do with this you act like Guess what nigga I'm leaving you and guess what I'm needin' my keys from you and I was so stupid for love thinkin' you was everything A real man can give me and more but guess not nigga I'm leavin' you and guess what I'm needin' my keys from you I was so stupid for love th-in-kin' you was everything A real man can give me and more but guess not nigga I'm leavin' you And guess what I'm needin' my keys from you [Verse 1] Nigga hears he pho-to I gotcha comin' up out her front door Thought you had me fast but damn you didn't know Every time you paged her she would page me and tell me you were there And that's a no no I let you go for months thinkin' so wonderin' why you haven't hit this In so long I'm a smart bitch and I gave you the rope and now you're hangin' there Tell me what in the hell you're thinkin' not Keysh being home alone another weekend not Keysh I let you get away with this nonsense for too long ain't gon' be no more callin' this yours [Verse 2] Now you wanna conversate sit back talkin' about the mistakes you made When I was on your plate nigga now hold yo wait now wasn't you the one sayin' I guess it's safe to say now every man you meet now has a tendency to cheat shame on me Because if you knew it was the same hold you to everything you thought she would be stay off me Tell me what in the hell you're thinkin' not Keysh being home alone another weekend not Keysh I let you get away with this nonsense for too long ain't gon' be no more callin' this [Jadakiss] Everything I told you I showed you everything I promised came true if not boo I owe you And it's your loss now and it ain't nothin' you now me I still got the duplex across town you wanna act hard ya I'ma give you your keys back just give me my platinum and black cards And I can't lie I'ma miss pullin' your hair and hittin' it from the back hard uhh guess what I'm just bein' a man I messed up fortunately I ain't got the best luck But at the end of the day ask me if I give a less fuck [Outro: Keyshia] So where were you where you been you didn't answer your phone you ain't gotta answer my calls So now you gon' try play me yo I'm tired of this bullshit get the fuck out take all your shit And get the fuck out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cru f/ The Lox Album: Da Dirty 30 Song: Live at the Tunnel Typed by: BigD1983@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] It's all for real, word, word Yo, my outlet is full of powerful niggas Electrify ya tie, spark up the lah Keep the room dark, let me feel out my high Then slap box my ghost 'til one of us cry J to the MUAH, can niggas fuck around? Then they better say "nah", word to Allah They all dyin' down, I got iron now Run upon 'em, cock it back, then tie 'em down If he try to move then I gotta lie him down From Y-O, aka Riot Town I used to buy it, but I just supply it now Y'all used to talk, but you're all quiet now You know what it is that really make it scrape it Have a lot of cars, and the lot still vacent And you won't stop speakin' 'til I leave you on the cement Leakin', all hot none eatin' [Yogi] Slow down son, you're kill 'em Ok you can bring it to 'em Everyday, just like Mary J. Sippin' iced teas in the E & J Partyin', 'til your bare remain You're killin' 'em, ok you bring it to 'em Everyday, just like Mary J. Honeys at the bar sippin' Alaze Cru and Lox says "You here, remain" I know you brailin' me, baby Yogi's in the lead, you're trailin' me, baby PHd's can't compete mines is better than yours So we can take it to the streets, my rum's redder than yours BX where the additcs sniffin' chalk outline And the clubs they shout mine, shit's about time Chad and Mighty Ha he the predicate felon When he make bail he eat more booty than Ellen,  Who you tellin'? The world is mine like Esco If not, at least a house and Esgro Turnin' ghetto stars into Uncle Tom's Yo-gi, the uptown mellow low key Understandin' that my crew is strictly Shark Bar Champagne toastin' while you splittin' Clark Bars I'd rather be live at The Tunnel with Flex Then on the corner holdin' bundles, next [Styles] Y-O's time to see the hunger in me And I see the same thing in niggas younger than me Like they live, they ain't got a slice to give In the broken down home and they priceless kids Why wouldn't it grab the gun, heist the crib And they never learn shit until twice they bid Like the world turn around funny clown money Everybody laugh when they have it What about the addicts, niggas that'll hustle for years 'Til they see the graveyard, up at thier tier Playin' spades, you in the world and you playin' charades If the war jumped off you wouldn't touch a gernade Wanna die for the cause? Lie for the dogs? Niggas wanna play but never took time to pause Learned to remind and check the phat four Try to plug it in they wanna slice up the chords [Chadio] Yo, yo if you got the doe, B, than show me Cause I'm walkin' these streets and no one know me It's gon' change though, with the ill strange flow In the 9-8 push my a black Range Rove I keeps the real, seperate from the fake If I kill, yo, I'm doin so for the cake Blastin' go to a distant land See my gun's like church to a Christain man It's the code of the streets no time to explain Free that soul on up to the next plain Remember the pain, two shots from the flame Remember the bloodstains, the cold wet rain Little light guys with little white lies We takin' out cash and flippin' big white pies You rather run wild with your 9 mil. slant You watchin' too much Stallone and Van Damme [Sheek] Aiyyo Lox niggas what, what the fuck, who up in here Where my crew at, wave your shit in the air Now bust 'em once for the niggas who ain't with you And jam all above, show a muthafucka love We make cake, but to make cake you need batter So if you ain't kickin' that shit the beat ain't gonna matter Lox and Cru, helf a milli out of you So if you want it you can get the 60 shot pronto Sheek that kid that spit out like tabacco Lyrically fucked yall, if it ain't chips, we ducked out Won't touch out if it ain't a 7 figure route Aye yo, Chad papa, where that cranberry and vodka Let's get flicks, spit on the niggas like this From Y-O to B-X y'all niggas straight C-X But we count the benjamins and collect chee-ecks My baguettes shine on my neck like Flex [Mighty Ha] Give 'em what they want, this what they lookin' for Y-O-G, Chadio and hooks from Mighty Ha Hit 'em with the data once again with buttah hits Peace to Chris Lighty and my peeps Mark Pitts Comin' with the buttahs, production Y-O-G Grab a chickenhead, lets crack the bubbly Flows by the Gods cause the styles pronto Dayes a do, dayes a do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cuban Link f/ Jadakiss Album: Chain Reaction Song: Talk About It Typed by: JrDogG314@aol.com (Cuban...Cuban, what up baby) what up daddy (Double R, D-Block, yo) [Jadakiss] Might catch me in a brownish coupe be ghetto like fishin' a nigga's 6 l's down in soup nuke palm size,45, just came chrome you don't know the streets is mine, you just came home even though it's def poetry, this ain't no poem I'm the motherfuckin' champ, nigga, ain't no throne just a whole, blood and tissue, ain't no bone because a hallow tip shattered it, but life goes on number one debut, they think I'm another man counting so much money, I need me another hand niggaz is still schemin', atleast they still tryin' if they ain't doin' nothin' else, atleast they still dyin' coke is still highin', purple is still movin' I'm trying to get a better price, papi, I know Cuban D-Block discipline, Ruff Ryder die with official men recognize what kind of shit you in (kind of shit you in 3x) (Jadakiss laughs) [Chorus: Cuban Link] when you talk about that money man, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle fam, talk about me speak out, but watch your mouth when you talk about me when you talk about that money fam, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle man, talk about me Cuban Link, Jadakiss, Double R, M.O.B. [Cuban Link] yeah nigga, I'm a threat, a legend that's urban, so for certain I'm goin' over ya head like a Muslim turbin ain't no, comin' to terms son, I'm done with service Pun's observant, Cuban- but the guns is German I been urgin' to turn it loose, I got the burden of proof that'll determine your moment of truth I return, so concern your troops, now it's my turn to shoot I'll make it burn like that Bourbon juice I earnt my due, nigga you's a made-up name you dudes is fool's coke, man I'm straight up caine from the roof to the booth- got that radar aim Ar-15's that'll fucking tear y'all frame had to change up the game, got my weight up man little fame, little chain from that Jacob man got these dames givin' brains, that's my wake-up plan from the range to the planes, time to bake up grams ( bake up grams 3x) [Chorus: Cuban Link] when you talk about that money man, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle fam, talk about me speak out, but watch your mouth when you talk about me when you talk about that money fam, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle fam, talk about me Cuban Link, Jadakiss, Double R, M.O.B. You fuckin' around, now, with two of the nicest ( nicest) you 'bout to end up in a crisis (crisis) cause we don't give a fuck who you know, where you go what you know, they can never be like us (like us) we rep it for our people in Ryker's ( Ryker's) the hood'll show a nigga what life is ( life is) and we don't give a fuck who you know, what you know where you go, we gon' always be like this (like this) (Jadakiss laughs) (Cuban, what up baby) [Chorus: Cuban Link] when you talk about that money man, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle fam, talk about me speak out, but watch your mouth when you talk about me when you talk about that money fam, let's talk about g's when you talk about that hustle game, talk about keys when you talk about the struggle fam, talk about me Cuban Link, Jadakiss, Double R, M.O.B. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Brat f/ Jermaine Dupri, Greg Street, Jadakiss Album: Life After Death Mixtape Song: Dumb Stupid Crazy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Greg Street] Greg Street checkin in, the B-R-A-T Hey it's time to get "Funkdafied" all over again It's been a long time, but it's go time right now [Jermaine Dupri - echoing] This is a, So So Def, world premier A world, premier So So Def, world premier Y'all know what this is! [Chorus: sung] I'm just tryin to get it, get it, don't worry about me You need to take a look at yo'self I'm just tryin to get it, get, no time to play around You can take that {shit} somewhere else [Da Brat] Yo~! E'rybody wanna know about What I do, when I do what I do, who what when where how You, should know by now that life is unpredictable I'm "Unforgettable" like Nat King Cole Un{fuck}wittable when I unload "Untouchable" as Al Capone Start duckin when I'm in my zone When I bust these verses somebody better call some hearses I'm a homicidal +American Idol+ with a purpose If I don't murder what I recite, I'm worthless Why should I settle for just aight? Ain't nobody 'round here in my life (nope) Nobody out here give me fright So So Def or give me life Toast it up to the most high, yeah Broke a lot of records, wrote a lot of best sellers But I ain't do {shit}, let you tel it I'm the {shit}, bet you smell it From the mountaintop, I'm gon' yell it Made it over, been made over Been all over around the world, been laid over My complaining days over I don't take nuttin for granted no mo' Those of y'all who can't stand me there the do' so walk the {fuck} up out it I'm 'bout it, if you ever doubt it Show your face when I'm rockin the crowd Any place, any time At the drop of a dime I puts it down Get it how I gotta get it cause I gotta get it while the gettin gettin good [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Jermaine Dupri] + (Jadakiss): over Chorus Uhh, get it Talk to 'em right now Uh-huh... (ayy) Take it somewhere else (ayy) (Ayy) Yeah (Ayy - ha HAH!) Bet y'all know what that means (nah) 'Kiss, holla at 'em [Jadakiss] + (Dupri) This is about money then I'm widdit, I'm just tryin to get it They got me goin hard in the paint on my pivot The voice is unique, but the flow so exquisite It's one thing to talk it, it's another thing to live it (ya heard?) Main man listen (uhh) game plan switchin I hit the block and the booth with the same ambition (DAMN~!) I brought that house, I drove that car My financial future is controlled by MUAH I be V.I.P. in the club that you wait in line fo' (me too) Only question I ask is what you worry about mine for? (Uh-huh) Need to get your own, stop worryin 'bout what I signed for Reason you ain't got nuttin now is you need to grind more (ehehehe) Need to take a look at yourself, maybe you'd find more The impact I made on the game stronger than Pine Sol Yeah, dedicated and committed Don't stop, never quit it, nah I'm just tryin to get it [Chorus] - 2X [Jermaine Dupri - over Chorus] Uhh, uh-huh You need to worry about yourself man Stop worryin 'bout me Bitch you know me I've been tryin to get it Gettin it, and still tryin to get it, hehehe Brandon, take me out man ... Uhh, rock with me y'all {*5X*} Just keep goin man [singer] I'm just tryin to get it, get it OHHHHHHHHHH~! I'm just tryin to get it, get it Get ittttttt, ohhhhhhhh I'm tryin to get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block Album: Straight Off Tha Block 12" Song: Straight Off Tha Block Typed by: coreytremblay@hotmail.com I spit rhymes like you and I drop bombs from the hood on D-Block straight off the block bitch I've got god on my side so it wont be like that pull out the gats and guns empty all those clips on em You on the corner waitin for the nigga to deliver but the bad day is cumin your way gangway before thinkin bout doin a runway nah man don't you disobey all them niggas in that bank waitin for you to do sum shit brake a bitch, shoot em up do anything, get the rep up Man don't go home and spank a bitch from a ditch, think bout the conscience wait... "what if you get that itch from that bitch?" ..."nah I doubt that shit" You in the Duneven on Jaine and Finch what you goin do when you know you hear them pigs comin to get you 5....4....3....2....1..... You see them dumb niggas that you disobeyed in the cruiser like it ain't anything to you because you heard em say "love will get you killed" peace out before you and I get the fuck knocked out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block f/ Bully, Snyp Life, Straw, Styles P Album: The CD/DVD Mixtape Song: Discipline Typed by: Rabies72582@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Styles P] Straw... 354... Ghost... Feel this... yeah Let me break it down I'ma nigga to Ryde or Die homey 2 Gunz Up or they either on my side homey I ain't first base so I won't let you slide on me I ain't Great Adventure so I won't let you Ryde on me You opened ya mouth but believe I can shut it nigga P ain't the barber but ya face I can shut it nigga Spent a half a million on the lawyer nigga Extraordinary Gentlemen just like Tom Sawyer nigga, yeah Bust the rifle from far away And I'm still tryna figure the triflin'est part of day Is it morning when the fiends cop Or is it noon when the willies wake up from they dream ock Or is it night time when we all grind till the green come I'm smoked out with a machine gun I'm in something all black know I'm always on the lean son Steady lookin' for the cream ma And I'm probably with a bad bitch But I'm usually for delf where I'm headed where the cash is When you come through the hood get a pass like Steve Nash kid Cause shit thicker than molasses; get blasted [Snyp Life] They say you only really as good as ya last rhyme So I make sure my next one bring back time So niggaz can reminiese when they last had shine Through my lines see that's heart felt Make a cold heart melt Gring ain't for everybody homie get a new route Re-in' with the same shit you only see the same shit 'Se goin' through them shoot outs my niggaz did the same shit And they bang 'fits and they 'on't care who you came with Me I just happen to spit and got a knack for flippin' packs on the strip Turnin' rags to chips put that hawk in ya face 'fore I squeeze my clip I 'on't clap back I pop first read my lips 3-5-4 nigga the shit so tell ya men And for my nigga P I'm puttin' it in till this shit end You know what it is one for the Block two for the Team Screamin' 2 Gunz Up while I'm strippin' ya gleam yo [Straw] Ever since Straw small truck the mercedes You'd think that I'd be dumpin' a pump the way it drive the streets crazy The flows crack 60 for a verse is a pack And 16 keep the fiends comin' back It got me where I can't be without my hard hat Teflon long sleeve and a large gat Heat seekin' shells attract to ya body heat And even bullet time couldn't help you dodge that It's too easy niggaz can't handle my beef it's too greasy 500 SL Benz with 3 TVs Narc scope radar lens with green screens; built in beams And some eagles in the trunk with the money and caine Tryna figure out the best route boat or tha train Cause wit 9:11 crime feds watchin' the planes It's them Arliss boys at it again, immaculate mane [Bully] Comin' to box the S knockin' A Tribe Called Quest I'm comin' for you bad guys like I'm Elliot Ness I'm with the host the Ghost We gave you toast to coast it's 354 bitch you supposed to know I got it, you get it, you pay it, I spray it, you wit it There never been a time in my life that I couldn't get it Still got my eye on the prize, still in the hood with them guys Still got the hood and gloves, the ski mask for diguise Motherfuckers been hatin' you ready to dance with Satan The Rugers cocked; I'm patiently waitin' P just gimme the word on these herbs that's my word Mail his head to his mom in a jar that preserve Hannibal Lector style nigga dinner served Still got birds with curves that move birds Gucci frame Donna Karen bitches that's nerds Get in where yo fit in motherfucker that's my word The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block  Album: Get That Paper 12" Song: Get That Paper Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: S.I.] (Sheek Louch) Oh yeah! (Yeah! It's the comp!) Na na na na na!!! (D-Block!!! S.I. Let's go!!!!) [Chorus: S.I.] (Sheek Louch) I'm just ridin in my drop top, safety on the glock Chick with me, rollin up sticky Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper (Hey we just tryin to get our paper man!) I'm so fire, fire (Thatr's all!!!)  Patron got a brotha feelin higher, higher (HEY!!!) higher, higher (I got you my G!!!) Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper (Sheek Louch!!!) [Verse One: Sheek Louch] Yeah! Yo! At this chick house playin Uno Got a daughter in the other room watchin Juno PS3 and, door locked ma's O.D. and, ass naked Weed burnin tell her to take it Yeah, you know me though, Magneto Metal on me black Dan Devito, penguin England, governor off, auto bar Louis Vuitton some shit that Kanye can't find Catch me, I'm too fly for the God to sketch me Too bright for the cameras to watch Too much talent for Koch, Interscope or Def Jam Here I am, I'm gettin money either way, DAMN! [Chorus: S.I.] (Sheek Louch) I'm just ridin in my drop top, safety on the glock Chick with me, rollin up sticky Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper I'm so fire, fire  Patron got a brotha feelin higher, higher (HEY!!!) higher, higher  Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper  [Verse Two: Styles P] Stay auz on 'em, droptop aqua blue Porshce on 'em (Haha!) So money, I'ma catch it like Moss on 'em (I got 'em), or my Tom Brady (Who?) Is it the fiends or the fans that have gone crazy? (Get it?) I hustle harder than the immigrants (true) Nas bought Chanel for his woman friend (okay) Me I buy Dior with the Benjamins Sex on the mansion floor, minute then a minerin (you know) I'm just breezin in my droptop Honey plan shotty, let the deuce deuce pop pop (Let it go) Blowin on sticky green and paper never stop, op (Never!) D-Block, lil' homie, I'ma let the glock pop [Chorus: S.I.] (Sheek Louch) (*Jadakiss) I'm just ridin in my drop top, safety on the glock Chick with me, rollin up sticky Ain't nothin I'm just trtin to get my paper, my paper I'm so fire, fire  Patron got a brotha feelin higher, higher (HEY!!!) higher, higher  Ain't nothin I'm just trtin to get my paper, my paper  (*Ain't nothin, HE HEH!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Yo, speedin in the left lane (Uh) 'Cause this is just a steppin stone to the next game (uh-huh) Either that or in the hood with the best 'caine (Yep) Little league from rotary to exchange And I still remember when the first checks came (uh) Roof in the trunk is how the new Lex came (Woo!) With the air holes, how the new Tecs came (heheh) Figure that the higher I get, the less pain YOu dudes is playin checkers but it's a chess game Soon as I hit my number, I'm on the next train I can't explain, my weed's puday, diamonds all Blu-Ray Bad chick wit me and we flyin down the throughway, what! [Chorus: S.I.] (Sheek Louch) I'm just ridin in my drop top, safety on the glock Chick with me, rollin up sticky Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper I'm so fire, fire  Patron got a brotha feelin higher, higher (HEY!!!) higher, higher  Ain't nothin I'm just tryin to get my paper, my paper  HEY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D-Block f/ A-P, Bucky, Large Amounts, Snyp Life, Straw, Styles P Album:  No Security Song:   That's D-Block Typed by: donnellbreedlove@yahoo.com [Styles P] Yeah! You know who it is You had that feeling when you seen us Right? [Chorus: Styles P] They be pissy drunk and mad high (Yeah that's D-Block) Them niggas is mad live They be in shootouts and knife fights (Yeah that's D-Block) Shit real life right? They be in the hood with them crimey niggas (Yeah that's D-Block) We still grimy niggas They be in the streets like they own the shits (Yeah that's D-Block) We claim ownership Verse 1 [Bucky] I don't give a fuck about not one of y'all bloods I come through swinging the chopper, like a golf club I don't give a fuck about rap, I got it raw blood Soon as I get out of the booth, I'm copping more drugs Cop, chop, bag up, sell, make the block rush Fuck a task force, they gon have to call the S.W.A.T. son Fuck ya arm or leg or let a nigga get ya top touched Jada been told y'all haters that y'all time is up I tie a nigga mom up, beat her with a crowbar Grab the vice grips, rip her motherfuckin nose off That's the definition of war, no holds bar Kill or be killed cocksucker, Bucky go hard Verse 2 [Large Amounts] Too hard, who large, bitch niggas, high stakes I be on the grind late Large got a bite and I ain't even use a live bait Whip it real fast man, the crack made Halle put Isaiah in a trashcan Two guns up, we spitting them off Separate the crime scene the same way menace went off Chauffeurs open suicide doors for the bosses The coupe got 515 horses Large will dump, break them, boogie School of Hard Knocks, aim for the hooky Armek in the kitchen cooking cookies My niggas move wait like they body building And everyday the find a body in somebody building We in the streets Verse 3 [A-P] I'm Mr. live wire nigga, dare a nigga try and force my hand All I need is gas and some matches just to torch your man Next is the coroner van, I'm pulling off a body If a 9 don't kill him, I'm a blow him with the shotty Aiming for his head, but I'll settle for a chest wound Catch him at the restaurant, coming out the restroom It's D-Block bitch, do my dirt and keep my hands clean Tryna throw the case, I'm a bounce like a trampoline Lawyers on standby, cops in the pocket Niggas thought kiss left, so I'm throwing up the ROC shit L.O.X. fam for life Paul burden, 3-5-4 move 1,000 grams a night Verse 4 [Straw] Straw quick to unholster the gun You shook nigga? Slowly hand over the funds I'm a crook nigga; show you how it's supposed to be done Open book nigga; show you how it's supposed to be won With a cannon similar to Manning Win home or road with a little bit up planning Kerosene tie a nigga up Trail blaze him like Shannon, fry a nigga up Who want what, stash box in the lambo 2 guns tucked, extra clips full of ammo It's still nothing to drop something 9mm I'm a shotgun gun him, I'm not fronting  Verse 5 [Snyp Life] Open up ya safe, I go hard every time that you face mine K-Ci flow, so the bars got baseline Get it? I don't waste mine, I flip it while you break dimes Get it how I live it, straight digits while you chase time I run through these new niggas, you can bring ya truest nigga Send him back leaking, show ya crew how I blew this nigga Even to the old heads, pop him like the clutch on a moped Leave my bars carved in their forehead Nigga it's 3-5-4 I leave them all dead It's 32 up in that joint homie raw lead Hold weight with heat cocked, my niggas that's D-Block 2 guns down but these pounds got the streets locked Verse 6 [Styles P] Yeah that's D-Block, yeah that's S.P. Ghost or Phantom or whatever that suits you Murder niggas in the streets up in the booth too Shoot through, who ever produced you, or managed you Or hit you with some bars that will really fucking damage you Ranked as a boss, but I'll always be a animal Bangs out, bangs out, anywhere you hangs out Chills at, murk you hit your son with a crills pack White boys too, I'll hit your son with a pill pack Hardcore too hard, knocking Wu-Tang When the car make the U-God, shooting two things that's bizarre How the ghost always like to take it too far The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Demarco f/ Craig (Voicemail), Sheek Louch Album: Show It (Remix) 12" Song: Show It (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse One: Sheek Louch] Rose by the one hand, other hand rolled up Nice True Religions on, three buttoned Polo'd up Club's packed all the ladies happy that I showed up It's thug love, but tonight all my dogs hold up Dutch burnin shorty got the club in a coma Starin at me I can tell that mami like the aroma Fifty thousand on my neck like I ain't got a diploma But I'm smart enough to know what I want so don't front Come here girl!!!! [Verse Two: Demarco] Shorty go!!! (HEY!!!) She already got her mind made up and she ready to roll Tip top shape thick thighs with a small waist She's independent, she can buy her own things but I'm tryin to take her home Gotta make her my wifey, OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! (BABY YOU!!!!) Got the baddest look (BABY YOU!!!!) Wanna get a nigga hooked (BABY YOU!!!!) You should be ridin 'round town in the Phantom shorty what's good? (BABY YOU!!!!) Can't complain (BABY YOU!!!!) Sex is her name And I'll be watchin you (SO SEXY SEXY!!!!) So ladies put your hands up!!!!! [Chorus: Demarco] If you sexy and you know it, and you really wanna show it Just show it (OH!!!!) All you gotta do is show it HEYYYYYYY!!!!! You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) Got my heartbeat tellin you my baby (HEY!!!) Just gimme what you love come save me [Verse Three: Craig] (*Demarco) She got so much swagger (SWAG!!!) Lookin so damn good I gotta have her  See I know what I gotta do (HEY!!!) Know what I gotta say (HEY!!!) Them other girls don't matter Oooh baby take your rime (Time!) I really gotta make you mine now (Gotta make you mine) She's the baddest chick I seen in the club (Club) (*BABY YOU!!!!) Got the baddest look (*BABY YOU!!!!) Wanna get a nigga hooked (*BABY YOU!!!!) You should be ridin 'round town in the Phantom shorty what's good? (*BABY YOU!!!!) Can't complain (*BABY YOU!!!!) Sex is her name And I'll be watchin you (*SO SEXY SEXY!!!!) So ladies put your hands up!!!!! [Chorus: Demarco] (*Sheek Louch) If you sexy and you know it, and you really wanna show it Just show it (OH!!!!) All you gotta do is show it HEYYYYYYY!!!!! You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) Got my heartbeat tellin you my baby (HEY!!!) (*You feel that too baby? Ha Ha!)  Just gimme what you love come save me (*Donnie G!!!) [Verse Four: Sheek Louch] For maybe you, I bust a little baby you In the middle of the street while I'm carryin heat A chance to meet, sandals I'm lovin your feet BPM me, you can pick the place to eat Sexy summer Louis bag the color of flowers Hair and makeup look like it took a couple of hours Now we sittin in that four door Panorama Body's crazy I gotta put that ass on camera [Bridge: Demarco] (*Sheek Louch) (BABY YOU!!!!) I can tell you a star (BABY YOU!!!!) I can see you shinnin from a far (*I see you shinnin girl!!!) (BABY YOU!!!!) The way how you rock, the clothes you got (*You heard me?) Class and I can tell who you are (*They ain't got nothin on you up in here) (BABY YOU!!!!) I can bet you the best (*Yeah!)  (BABY YOU!!!!) I can tell you more nothin less Yeah! And if you know you look good (*Yeah) All my sexy ladies come on help me sing the rest (*Put your hands up!) [Chorus: Demarco] (*Sheek Louch) If you sexy and you know it, and you really wanna show it (*Let's go!!! Heyyy!) Just show it (OH!!!!) All you gotta do is show it HEYYYYYYY!!!!! (*Demarco we got one family!) You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) You got me lovin you girl like crazy (HEY!!!) Got my heartbeat tellin you my baby (HEY!!!) Just gimme what you love come save me (*Let's rock out!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ The L.O.X., Mase Album: DJ Clue for President Song: 1, 2, 3, 4 Typed by: Delph226@aol.com Verse One: Sheek Luchion You on the circle line, what's wrong? Ain't your yacht out yet ain't you that Willie, Benz pushing, slash Melrose cat Nigga please, in the Hills of Beverly, you find it's heavenly slingin' dick to Pamela Anderson bitches daily L.O.X., when we ball it's Pay-Per-View y'all Straight movie flee in the Z3 while woozy Now gentlemen, do we have to get into some gangsta shit  for me to get paid on my song, y'all just get sprayed Esta mointo; as a nail but on point though I'll blast up the loca for skimming on my coca L.O.X., in total control and power and everything you see us with in videos be ours You can't afford it, so you playa hate I see your logic my coat is $1500 keep your army in the closet As long as L-O-X keeps giving you what you need we gonna take it there nigga AS WE PROCEED Chorus (Ma$e): 1, 2, 3, 4 (4X) Verse Two: Jadakiss Yo, you already know what I'm here for therefore, L-O-X be the niggaz that I care for Holding down this foundation, Mr. Jason bald head, baby faced and I stay laced and When you pay good, you play good, stay good I'ma get this money while you fake thugs stay hood Why wouldn't I be stacking franks 15 in clip while you packing shanks Iron swinger, hair triggers, Fed bidders real niggaz, the lil' kids still dig us Next time be careful who you bring drama to speaker phone in the Suburban with 6 monitors Pad lock everything filled to the top we ain't gonna stop, we just gonna squeeze 'til you drop Paniro, Luch, bounce in the coupe with no trouble all my niggaz bubble like goose Or geese, Nautica fleece it ain't nothing but now I can drop 25 on the piece Butta Nats do it with whoever, who you kidding? back to back like green on the other side of Clinton Shock treatments for them cats who can't freak it we keep 'em dusted, that's why they always try to leak it But peep it, that weed shit, you can keep it we trying to sell all the real units we can eat with Verse Three: Styles Paniro Fuck the cars and the clothes, sex and the bitch homies that got life and niggaz that run thick Like a pack of wolves with tools we all improve chance I can drown I ain't jumping in the pool I ain't a fool, you fucking with the Guineas and the Mouls when the money's making me hot, I move where it's cool My pigment is just a figment you never see my ghost, move through the L-O-X triangle pyramid This is for them cats that's like "who's the L.O.X." better float up to Yonkers nigga choose a block Got Arabics, Ricans, Jews and Wops drinking booze 'bout to drop, trying to lose the cops Same shit, where you at say where you at I got my first felony, holding my gat And I been robbing cats, slinging my sacks Styles P-A-N-I-R-O BM Doub., see that thug, get that dough We ain't positive, but we ain't negative the cops got guns and they don't like us where we live Take notes, I'm smoking a roach, holding my toast giving my quotes, to the shorties living with dope You think it ain't real, until you're caged in and you can't get a feel we keep the rage in cuz we never made a mil. So we blazin' all the faggots on the hill fuckin' niggaz girls but they keep 'em on the pill But dog wear your hat cuz the honey's type ill everything is real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Jadakiss, Mary J. Blige Album: The Professional 2 Song: Back 2 Life 2001 Typed by: Hotstepa88@aol.com [Mary J. Blige w/ Soul II Soul in background] Steady are you ready? (are you ready?) What's goin on? (whats goin on?) Steady are you ready? (are you ready) What's goin on? (tell me whats goin on) Cold fresh air feeeel the mellow dip thats in the air Ohhh yeaa, I'm bound take a look around Ohhh, whats goin down? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? Im living at the very top of the floor Theres no more room for anything more I state my name, my name's to claim AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh This is M. J. B. [Jadakiss] Uhh yea, now girl step up to Kiss You sippin red zinfandel, step up to Cris' The coupe got 19's, the chain's got nice gleam Girlfriend, you been scooped like ice cream Your ass is fat, your frame is little Got the door knockers on with your name in the middle On the dance floor gettin it in with me Might let you and your friend hit me Soon as the wind hit me I live dare, legendary the top of the globe So there is no more room for anything more And I state my name, my names to claim Jadakiss I done came here and changed the game Now we at the point where your birthdays is costly Got you Escada'ed out in a teacup yorkey Head so crazy that its killin me softly Sit down tell me how you want and how you need me It's the "muah", Mary, and Clue please believe it [Mary J. Blige w/ Soul II Soul in background] - over last lines However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? However do you want me? However do you need me? {*repeat ad infinitum to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Cam'Ron, Fabolous, The LOX, Nature Album: The Professional 2 Song: Fantastic Four Pt. 2 Typed by: Seillis@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nature] Peronas the crib sicker than Madonna's gettin more press then Elien Gonzalez Some niggas tell me I'm the hottest I never cool off Criticize the shit I write but it's never too soft Snatch channels like I'm Disney half grizzlie unexplain when niggas see me they duck hoppin i pass quickley Someone to laugh wit me get acquainted they know exactly when a niggas famous or livin dangerous The kid got a glow like i just came home try to dull me niggas that owe be hiding from me Changin their names screenin their calls the dreamcast in the crib never leavin at all Playin NBA 2K for two days straight fifty dollas a game ket me polish my gain Withdrawin at the bank never deposit a thing yo I gotta make a dolla wit slang [Cam'ron] Back in the day we was slave whips and chains its tradition all i got whips and chains All i did flip some cane now a nigga sick of the range only a new six could fix the pain Look at all these goose bumps round my wrist and veins Milton Bradley wanna get my game 5-0 wanna frisk my frame I dont deal wit cheap blow when i shoot no block sort of like a free throw Cant miss and one of you bitches burn me and i cant piss got me itchin like its dandrif you gone see the back of cam hand quick you dam bitch im a stomp you stab you look at you you dam bitch Ya love I would dumb back out everybody like "killa when u come back out," Listen I like rap routine had to stop met a new connect got it 18 a whop Cops on payroll every block got blow we fight every night  reunite then pop Mo Thats how it is when you deal wit me and I dont feel tv  only real tv Real money real gats real cats real girls MTV I'll show you the real world Cats run up on you splater your white eyes thats only to make saturday night live Lookin for a casket got the right size wanna bake a cake i got the right pies Crashed up the four but now the right five lookin for beef you found the right guys Old folk say "cam stop ur route why you gotta get the guns  just box it out" Listen that there is trife only fightin is the doctor and thats for your life As for your wife took her out just to tour town bench press for what I lift four pounds Tear up your car  all four doors down cats wanna box well heres four more rounds [Styles] Yo, Keep talkin bout convertibles and your ice  I'ma smack you yap you and murder you Keep talkin bout your dawgs is this and you leavin out the part that your dawgs is bitch Lets get straight to the point aint a nigga better than me im agrivated and im fed to the T If I gotta do joints and im sittin for five when you remeniss about me say the nigga was live I got twelve arm robberies pendin a dope charge, a gun charge hard to see holiday bendin Wit a brand new case twenty niggas, the ride a spot OT  and some brand new base Why say names you could get who ever you know I got the gun cocked  ready to blow Dont compare his rhymes to mines mines is real and his is just words and lines [Sheek] Now I'ma give it to you straight cause I don't cop no pleas Sheek Lush, a nigga who got lots of cheese Wit enough coke to stand on and slide like ski's and you could see your whole body on my H-R vreethe How you wanna do this shit like the quick and the dead so i could cock back empty out the back of your head Do a drive-by go head Im quick wit the heater I shoot threw you your car and threw the parkin meter [Jadakiss] Look it ain't much to talk about, fuck you Fuck where you from, you better wear your gun Won't shoot nothin, but you will appear in court I put your brains everywhere so you could share your thoughts Few hot shells outta the chrome will leave you there wit a funny smell like gun powder colon Listen everythings about the kiss  the new dope out sky blue CL 6  wit the new poke outs Tired of the speculation faggit everything is real here  ya aint gonna get wreck on jason Hold down the fort could never be baught so I dont flip when the crackers wave checks in my facin Rather start gunnin cause soon as you start chasin the money thats when the money start runnin I drive by in a car service hope out wit mad nigga pull my phone out  like ya nervous [Fabolous] Like ya dont know the kid stay hittin benches wit kay's of the cane leave strays sittin inches away from your brain In them grey kitted benzes I sway threw the lanes now the nay's just sit and flinches when they see the chain Ya might not never come out my verses get heard I'm a hustler I dont sleep from the first to the third Take the ???? to Cali  but the shots go quickly put red spots on your neck  and they not no hickeys The truck still got those micky's and dont even pass it my way if its not no sticky No matter where Im at I pop regaurdless cause I get knocked I cut a check  ya gone drop the charges Put three holes in head make em look like bowlin balls Come threw in spring  wit nikes that dont get sold till fall So I could hardly care cause the only way I see time behind bars if its a cartier Artist: DJ Clue f/ DMX, Drag-On, Eve, Jadakiss, Styles Album: The Professional Song: Ruff Ryder's Anthem (Remix) Typed by: jonr187@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This thing right here.. (yeah yeah) is for my peoples in the streets.. (ha hah) Swizz Beats (uh-huh) And this thing right here.. (Ruff Ryders) will get your ass off your feet (Remix! .. c'mon) [Drag-On] They call me Drag-On, when it's time to bomb I burn em all, til they all say turn em off Cause these chips, I'ma run em all Chickenheads, know I, be the Colonel Cause I burn eternal, mixed wit the inferno So be careful, 'fore I burn you You better learn dude, yeah I heard you  but I'ma hurt you, but you don't know? My versatile, is a virtue Ruff Ryders be the team, which means a lot cream, lot of schemes  Lot of beams to make your stock drop, right on the seams Nigga here is too hot and too much for you to touch Better tell your man cause I'm too tough  Indubitably, too dust Do you bust? Cause we do You need to ask the people, but quietly But they don't believe until they leave violently  Is you buying this? Cause niggaz that purchased is under the dirt kid They call me Drag-On; I'm the youngest but get bonkers Collabo' wit my dogs from Yonkers but this Bronx bomber's spittin flame so you better wear your armor Flame on! Chorus: DMX (repeat 2X) My dogs gon' STOP, your dogs gon' DROP And then we gon' SHUT EM DOWN, OPEN UP SHOP First we had em like OHHH, now they like NOOO What baby?!! THAT'S HOW RUFF RYDERS ROLL [Jadakiss] When I pop up, I lock shop up, pull the drop up  Park a block up, hit the alarm, put the top up Stash the 'dro in my sock then pull my sock up And keep the burner but if it's hot put my glock up  You know what I'm about, slidin off get my cock sucked Or writin rhymes watching Scarface in the hot tub Whatchu wanna bet, when I pull it out if you don't shout that every bullet'll go in and out Who you know besides 'Kiss take the piss in the bottle of Crist' and then give it to a modelin bitch  And you like your watch plain, I'ma flood mine Alligator bloodline trained to find coke and bite one time [Styles] Y'all niggaz ain't hearin me out, til I pop up  appear in your house, clearin it out, holiday style Everybody actin violent and wild  Snatch the wife silence the child, that's how we move Kill me my man kill you, that's how you lose I Ruff Ryde, I don't like to slide felt that I slipped Then the gun's only helpin the clip And the clip's only helpin my hand And like who the fuck is helpin your man? When I cock back and hop out the van  Double R, get a job, play the shit in the car Hit a party start a fight at the bar, and snatch your R Sell your shit for some coke and get the fuck out of Dodge [Eve]  Guess you figured that my niggaz, flippers, pullin triggers News team crowd around, tryin to flick a picture Get witcha, this bitch from Illadelph marches quicker Nigga not makin sense better stay up off the liquor Blonde bombshell, car-a-mel, heavy spender  Groups be sayin I'm they sister, hush ya mouth 'fore I hit ya  Stickin in wiseguys, fake thugs, and bullshitters Take you for a ride, cover up your eye, then I get ya  Used to be shy-er, now I'ma Ruff Ryder  Big niggaz play me close, when they used to ride by her  Snatchin up your figures, frontin, know you dig us  Haters, screamin, "Who that bitch?" (UHH, UHH) Mind your business nigga Chorus [DJ Clue * talking over chorus *] Yeah!! DJ Clue! The Professional! Part One C'mon! Mad shout out, Donnie Brascoe Big Skate, Duro.. CLUE! [DMX] Uhh, uhh, uhh.. The X is gonna hit y'all niggaz hard, leave y'all niggaz scarred Fuckin with the Dog when you fuckin with the God Rip y'all niggaz off, faggot niggaz soft Remember me from up North, I had you scared to cough My name is ringin bells, in penitentiary cells I'm making thugs rebel, ain't hard to tell You never really wanted it, so the mic you jumped in front of it Outta sixteen shots I'ma hit, which one of you niggaz am I gonna get Thought you knew what I was gonna spit, this time with this rhyme but by the end of it, y'all niggaz is gon' be like, "Yo X ripped it!" Did my thing as usual it's never gon' stop Them cats can't be for real, I got this shit locked! Is that a game or a joke? Say the name or get smoked Simple as that, simple as black, to the throat Hit em all up to the coat, now you losin your life (Grrrrrr) A dog is a dog for life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Jadakiss, Swizz Beatz Album: The Professional 3 Song: Ugly (Thug it Out) Typed by: heatpaniro@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Swizz Beatz] 1-2-3 in the place to be Time for that new Jada Hold up this is a warm up Double R, D-Block Put ya hoodie on just thug it on out ACG boots thug it on out let ya pants sag just thug it on out New York City thug it on out Put ya hoodie on just thug it on out ACG boots thug it on out let ya pants sag just thug it on out New york City thug it on out It can get ugly {*8X*} [Jadakiss] The Professional 3 ahhhhhhh! Fuck is everybody so mad at the south for (why) Learn how to switch ya style up go southpaw( you can't) If you didn't mean to say it what you open ya mouth for better reason for me just to open ya scalp more (uh-huh) All these methaphors and similes are memories I'm about to expose these young dudes identity I'm still slick with the tongue quick wit a gun give back to whoever I'm as real as they come Muah is amongst the apprentices and these little dudes is just playing with sentences the diffrences is they do it for less I do it for best how many live niggas you know that can do it to death yes Life is a bitch and I came in it similar to melo when comes to the game winners Whatever duke we can lock up or slug it out you would be amazed how we just thug it out what!!!! [Chorus: repeat 2X] Put ya hoodie on just thug it on out ACG boots thug it on out let ya pants sag just thug it on out New York City thug it on out It can get ugly [Verse 2] Can hit my target with a slug I'm hawk it the way the bullets come out the thompson is acquired I understand spanish much better than I talk it (vato) I'm always down bottom but I stay on some New York Shit Right now the budget is real tight Ijust might I feel like like I can drop whenever I feel like Screw what the odds is The boy got the artful dogers sitting on top of the nik boots marvlous Compare me to nothing around in town unless it's the 2 up in there air or under the ground 25 357's all chrome heads baseball gloves the champoin hoodies the conehead me I get the loot and route before I have to shoot it out my flows like a needle right before you get a rootcanal we the one's locking up slug it out show you what a thug about It's a damn shame how we thug it out [Verse 3] Took care of my business with diddy now I'm waiting for the ryders and jimmy to slide me a couple of pennies something mean from the phillipines on my chest and catching NCAA in high-def'n I don't have a problem with squeezin a quarter or getting a liter of water just to finish the order screw 5 months with no d's we can flood it out I know what exactly want me to do is thug it out Put ya hoodie on just thug it on out ACG boots thug it on out let ya pants sag just thug it on out New York City thug it on out It can get ugly it can get ugly it can get ugly it can get ugly [DJ Clue - to fade] Desert storm Bonus time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The LOX Album: DJ Clue Presents: Backstage - Mixtape Song: Who Did You Expect Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Jadakiss] Yo even if I just cooked up, if money's comin give you it moist And don't be scared to die, I aint give you a choice Niggas'll try to kill you cuz of what they think you got And the ambulance'll take longer if they think you shot Nigga fuck the bullshit, Kiss keep a full clip In front of the store rockin gauze in the woolrich Blowin sticky green grass, that'll sit me on my ass Wit a mean sports coupe with 160 on the dash So what I got a Rollie, and it got alotta ice I pull my gun out, and bet I get another one tonight Your brother died, bet your mother lose another son tonight I'm clever, only time we party, when we beat a body Or when they free Gotti, so that means never To my niggas in they cell wit a hour of rec Or K.L., for beatin a coward to death I feel y'all, so feel me, even if y'all guilty Time y'all niggas come home, the god'll be filthy Even though by then these faggots probably be done killed me I tell my son, keep it real, give y'all niggas each a bill So what's the deal, niggas y'all know the deal, uh CHORUS: Jadakiss Who did you expect, what, L O X to the death And we go hard dog, everytime, nothing less Catch us at the dice game, blowin a thou Never go in to trial, coppin out, holdin it down We could get it on, any way shape or form Any day of the week, Styles, Jada, and Sheek It aint hot 'less we are niggas we are the heat *We Are The Streets* and we makin it hard to eat [Sheek] Ayo, you say fuck me, I feel the same way about you bitch Niggas made you rich and now you act like this Who them thuggest niggas on your team, guns to the triple beam Without rap my nickles gleam, drug money make it seem Fast, niggas puff hydro and hash like it's nicotine Fake niggas, rid o theem, who flip from wealth You want space, I give your whole hospital room to yourself I got doctors who make housecalls when niggas get hit That way the press and the cops run shit, feel me kid When it comes to thuggin it, nigga that's my sport I even pick up your shells so you won't get caught Dumb dumbs, niggas camouflaged playin as bums Pop up, shoot through the liquor bottle, straighten your lungs Take the bum clothes off, buy a paper at the newsstand Walk by me, scream out, "Somebody help this man" Not even life insurance helpin your fam, I'm takin that I'm from Yonkers motherfucker, where the murderers at Murderous gat, we bloodline no cur in our pack You owe us dough, have it as that, I leave it at that, faggots CHORUS [Styles] Spittin to live, two bullets hittin your ribs You christen your kids, I let my son listen to B.I.G. I won't stop til a thousand niggas fit in my crib I won't be happy til my last nigga finish his bid All on the top, yeah you could ball in a drop I'd rather, ball in a yacht, no callin the cops In the middle of the ocean, lettin my nine pop Givin a dime cock, blowin away Baggin the yae, tryin to get a wagon a day Pick up a quarter, and still throw my chain in the water Watch on the floor, bitch I'll put my glock in your jaw Niggas think they own a label, just signed a deal You poppin that bullshit they might find you killed Slum throwin the highway, behind the wheel Or you could do it my way, relax and chill You could worship SP sell cracks and peels Bitch I smack your mouth while you smoke in the field Run up in your house, then alarmin your grill Drama for real, you never seen honor and will Til you wake up in the mornin and your mama is killed CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Cee-Lo, Jadakiss, Nipsey Hussle, Young Jeezy Album: Quality Street Music Song: Never Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Cee-Lo Green] I pour out a little liquor (uh-huh) R.I.P. to my niggaz (rest in peace) I pour out a little liquor [Jadakiss] Evil thoughts in your mind keep running through Not quite sure what you wanna do Like, what is this world coming to? Life goes on even if you don't want it to (uh-huh) It's a sad ride home If the good die young do the bad die old? (Let me know) I'm just trying to carry my load Another good nigga livin by the bad guy code Lookin for the Lord but the devil spoke to you When you lose a loved one or somebody that's close to you People turning they back meaning the most to you Then you find out your man is sending them folks to you Maybe you shed a tear and you never cry Always true to your word and you never lie Got your hand on them birds you would let 'em fly Yeah, cause real niggaz never die (what?) [Chorus: Cee-Lo Green] Somebody tell me why Why the good die young Sometimes it makes me cry (cry) To know that you're gone Hold on to the memories Not a day goes by I Hear a voice and dry those eyes Cause real niggaz never die (real niggaz never die) They never die, no Real niggaz never die (real niggaz never die) They never die Real niggaz never die [Nipsey Hussle] I had love for this music But ain't know how to pursue it Was frustrated as a teen I needed money for buicks? My shirt was stained from the sewage Niggaz rockin the newest I dealt with it for the moment but couldn't call it the future I'm down a block from the shootin' It started to sound like recruitin' Seein niggaz I grew up with sleep to funeral music And I was only fifteen I parted ways with my schoolin' My first seven grams of work were like my holy communion And now I'm turnt out The block hot, niggaz burnt out With no heart it's cold cash that we search out We got rules we hear shots then we 'sperse out Retaliation, get back Exactly what the turf bout And it's a game of young niggaz I was heard 'bout On the real I almost shed tears in the church house Back when I thought real niggaz couldn't die Learnt I was wrong but still couldn't cry [Young Jeezy] Since everybody real, where the fakers at? Since everybody trill, where the flakers at? Trynta break 'em down, where the tables at? Dufflebag full of cash like, where vegas at? Crapp tables, life's a gamble, what a nigga want? Now I'm lookin round like, what have a nigga done? My lord my God, I'm used to hustlin hard Guess they find it odd how a nigga beat the odds No illuminati never been a fan of saints That's what happens when you room biggest in the states Same rubberband my cousin tied her braids with We ain't cut the same car my auntie played spades with What you know about five eatin off a half Let's five muhfuckas now you do the math Oxymoron these rap niggaz don't lie This real nigga shit and real niggaz don't die [Cee-Lo Green] I pour out a little liquor R.I.P. to my niggaz I pour out a little liquor R.I.P. to my niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Drama f/ Jadakiss, La the Darkman, Willie the Kid, Yung Joc Album: Gangsta Grillz: The Album Song: Throw Ya Sets Up Typed by: Davida.b. [Chorus X6: La the Darkman] Hustler, gettin yo cash, now throw ya sets up Gangsta, gettin yo cash, now throw ya stes up [Yung Joc] I got big nuts, they call me big drawers Cut the work four ways, they call me Jigsaw I'm posted on the block with my dick in hand Chevy super clean, the call it spic and span Ask me where I live, what I represent I'll tell ya'll the first letter of the alphabet Yeah I do this shit, and I ain't never lie I am hip-hop, bitch it never died No who got sumthin to say, we got gun play I seen you at the car, first class, one way Yeah I got airlines, east and the west coast Niggas on the bottom of the map got the best dope I betcha bitch'll break her neck just to know Joc Then I take time to beat her back, beat her throatbox The .44 cocked, throw shots through your o spot No door lock, ??? shot three or four cops [Chorus X5] [Willie the Kid] Ayo, Duffle Bag Willie, magnify my swag It's Mr. Cop Heavy, pop, remove my tag Keep a steady hand, I'm not a petty man I make it rain on bitches, the confetti man Fifty nine fifty capo on tilt, my ratchet is filled Put you on the back of the milk I'm focused, DeRay when I'm taking a shot I put you under the bus, the breaks and shocks My niggas move white blocks, but no styrofoam Willie The Kid, I got bars like xylophones Come on man, these niggas can't fuck with me We ran a train on your girl, you can't fuck with me I give my cash up, I'm very clever Niggas far from the point like Marietta A Town nigga, goin to flip number like score recorders This niggas change for a dollar like four quarters [Chorus X4] [Jadakiss] Word on the street is say ya'll bitch The AR spit, I get higher than JR Smith A lose lose situation, can't even win I seen niggas burn their bridges, they can't even swim I'm knee deep in the mob, any problems, I just send em to God I'm in the hood like benefit cards But this case got me lampin Old school Levi Jacket with the lamp skins, skully and a champion Wifebeater under the tee Got the champer's hand stamp on the bundle of d Got the throw away burners stashed under the tree Got my Baltimore nigga lookin out, now that's hustlin to me Can't wait to squirt lead in your back Kid it matter if it's a sale from the county or it's federal crack Kid, life on the back end or even a flat bin Either a flat bed, throw your sets up if you gettin the stacks in [Chorus X6] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ J. Hood, The L.O.X. Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: D Block Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Sheek] Yeah (yeah) D-Block (D-Block) {New LOX!} Envy, whattup my nigga? {Featurin J-Hood} Larsiny! Haha, aiyyo yo {C'mon!} If the hammer don't work then the pump gon' get you {Yeah!} Body in the tub, let the chainsaw rip you I don't give a FUCK about none of your clique (at all) Or this music, y'all can SoundScan my dick (whoo!) I give it to y'all niggaz simple and plain (uh-huh) Have your chest lookin like the Connect Four game Y'all muh'fuckers know Sheek is it (Sheek Luch') I got a toiletbowl flow, I keep some shit I'm the best out right now (all day) none of y'all want it (uh-uh) Like your album ain't shit unless Sheek up on it (got the exclusive) FUCK what you drive, I'll see you in hell (uh-huh) Cause I ain't never seen 20s stop a shell {Envy!} D-Block the label that'll pop it all Walk with me and I ain't puttin out nothin soft (c'mon) Even talkin to a bitch I'm thuggin her out (yeah) Sheek Luch', y'all already know what the kid is about, WHATTUP? [Chorus: Styles] I'ma give you - all of the bullets, all of the blade D-Block 'til we all in a cage or all in a grave My gangstas (gangstas) my niggaz (niggaz) Our weed smoke, our liquor Can't find a crew or clique that could rhyme sicker (D-Block!) It go down I'm bustin my nine witcha (D-Block!) I get knocked I'm doin my time witcha (D-Block!) For life my nigga I'd grind witcha [Jadakiss] I got my own problems (uh-huh) fuck all the shit you been facin (fuck it) Can't count your blessings, see you in a situation (that's right) Hit you in your melon and your ribs, MMWWAA! We can get it on, I got a felony to give (bring it) Mad when I run out of my weed or my cereal Only sleep late when I run out of material (uhh) Funny thing is you don't even know how I'll murder you (you don't even know) The 40-cal'll make a nigga convertible {Yeah!} And if the judge and the jury don't believe me Fuck it, just give me a cell next to the TV (C.O.!) They might hate but they ain't tryin to guard (uh-uh) And shit come naturally, y'all niggaz tryin too hard Prayin for nothin, all you doin is lyin to God 'For a sign in PC, I'd rather die in the yard And we pretty much controllin the East, workin on the South and the West (D-Block!) Shoot you in your mouth and your chest, what [J. Hood] Yo, I was told life is what you make and I'ma make the best of mine The slugs out the fo'-fifth'll make your chest decline I don't associate with niggaz that talk to cops (uh-uh) I'm on top of my game like I'm standin on X-Box I'm tryin to get cheddar, fuck fuckin with hoes (fuck it) I'm tryin to cop the Coupe that come out in 2004 We got dimes and dubs of haze And I can hit you with a gat the size of a sub from Subway I'm a child of the slums, decendant of the gutter (D-Block!) Got two chrome glocks that resemble each other Nigga they brothers, one all chrome and one black (yeah) One out of either one'll lay you on your back So watch how you stare at niggaz (watch out) Cause my niggaz might spaz out and start throwin chairs at niggaz (whattup) And I know y'all ain't better than Hood, y'all niggaz liars Leave a hole in you the size of a Moped tire [DJ Envy] Yeah, the People's Choice, DJ Envy Fat shout, Dave McPherson, Epic.. (OHH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy f/ Styles Album: Blok Party Vol. 1 Song: What, Why, Where, When Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Styles] The Ghost, Desert Storm {New, Styles P!} DJ Envy, feel me nigga, fuck with us nigga Whattup? {C'mon man!} If it's a gun I don't mind to pull it (uh-uh) Hit your son with the nine millimeter with the rhino bullets Know S.P.'ll lose your peeps (lose 'em) Come through in a bullshit hoopty with the Gucci seats {Yeah!} With some Brooklyn bitches that'll boost for weeks (boost) So you know I stay fresh for days (fresssh) Tote the gun in your mouth, 'til your death is just a breath away You alone like "The Castaway" Listen dawg, if you ain't pass a dude then you pass away (that's it) They ain't tell you that the Ghost was here? You ain't seen me comin? Told your man that the coast was clear (it ain't clear) Now I'm tearin off both your ears (both) Kick in the door, load the shotty watch the sofa tear Y'all "Scarface" niggaz, Sosa here (boss) So the army and the coke are here, we loc' out here (crazy) They ain't tell you that I +Ryde or Die+? Thirty niggaz on your block, only five alive Shit, they ain't tell you that I'm harder than Brillo (whattup) I'ma give your mother the wire, your father the pillow (shit) I don't play too much, I weigh too much And when it comes to the drugs, I wait too much And I don't say too much, I spray too much Step over the dead body then I blaze the dutch What? {What!} My niggaz {Envy!} [Chorus: Styles] You know what? I'm takin over the game cause niggaz is lame and everybody's so butt You know why? Cause I feel I could, I +Ryde or Die+ and everyday I'm so high You know where? Right in they crib in front of they kids, I feel I gotta go there You know when? I ain't tellin you niggaz so load up your guns or join up in Gold's Gym [Styles] {Desert Storm!} I buy back haze just to get me weeded One cornball nigga just to get me heated (one) Listen nigga I am not playin (uh-uh) He gon' know, the .3 gon' blow and he gon' see the shots sprayin Wrong end of the barrel (wrong end) Too bad but, I'ma ring your bell like a Christmas Carol (ding dong) If I run out of bullets The Ghost is a Sage', and I don't ever miss with arrows Got a old, old soul; I miss the pharaohs I am too deep for you, street for you (deep) Wanna fuck with S.P. I'll bring the heat to you (bring it) Five niggaz holdin tec's on a creek for you Make the whole family weep for you Too bad that, they was too sad but you was a scumbag (scumbag) What.. and that's why you fuckin with dickheads If they drive through the block I'm turnin the whip red {C'mon!} Y'all better keep shiftin ahead 'Fore I take your nose off, put your lips in the head And all the fiends call me the pusher But if you see my knife work then you call me the butcher And it ain't no meat I cut I'm S.P. listen dawg, I run every street I touch And you oughta come fuck with the Ghost (c'mon) I got butter open your mouth, see if you could fuck with the toast [Chorus] - 2X {Envy ad libs shoutouts to Ruff Ryders} [DJ Envy] It's the People Choice, DJ Envy Blok Party, Desert Storm Mixtape, Volume 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Envy & Red Cafe f/ Styles P, Uncle Murda Album: The Co-Op Song: Move Like a G Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Red Cafe] Yeah! Shakedown! The Co-Op! [Chorus: Red Cafe] Move like a G supposed to, lame niggas don't hear me Fo' life I'm a be a soldier, stack chips on the daily Shorty get low on the flo', hands in the air right near me And when we come around, through yo' town, it's goin down, goin down [Verse 1: Red Cafe] Yeah! Been toatin (Yeah!) Hot! Cafe! Been smokin Knee deep in that water, been soakin Like my team be off Ex they been rollin Your jewels is wet, mine been frozen What I be sailin big look, Atlantic Ocean Niggas speak my name like I wouldn't toast him Got my dick in his mouth, been chokin They love my style yep, I own them Do the shit for rap, I been holdin I be nice to y'all niggas when R goes in Cafe, wake 'em up, when they dozin You a gangsta huh? Led it golden Nigga fuck the rap, let the fo' fo' ring! The boss is back, tell 'em I just flown in And I'm glidin bitch look, G folds in (What else?) [Chorus: Red Cafe] Move like a G supposed to, lame niggas don't hear me Fo' life I'm a be a soldier, stack chips on the daily Shorty get low on the flo', hands in the air right near me And when we come around, through yo' town, it's goin down, goin down [Verse 2: Styles P] Move like a G supposed to The toaster will hit him in his face while he drink his Mamosa Tell us who's close to that? The ghost is back Shotty on the shoulder strapped hauntin niggas And I don't fuck around when the four in niggas I'm a ground ball, yeah I be tauntin niggas I'm a shoot 'em up, stomp 'em out, Yonkers nigga And anybody I beef with I conquer nigga Quick fast on him if he got cash on him Got a young bot that's thirsty to blast on him Old school P got his gloves and his mask on him I don't need a gun give him somethin to smash on him You got a little hawk I see somethin to slash I'm a be his teacher yeah if he got his math I got ideas big plans drive in the big van Want him in your town is I be big man, what [Chorus: Red Cafe] Move like a G supposed to, lame niggas don't hear me Fo' life I'm a be a soldier, stack chips on the daily Shorty get low on the flo', hands in the air right near me And when we come around, through yo' town, it's goin down, goin down [Verse 3: Uncle Murda] I got the whole B.K. pickin they llamas up (BANG!!!) They like it's on, Murda throwin the diamond up (I'm throwin it up!!!) Don't ask me if I'm beefin with them little guys (Don't ask me that!) That's old news I got a bigger fish to fry R.O.C. still runnin this rap shit Everybody done fell off I don't know what happened I'm G.M.G. and R.O.C. Can't front I got New York hittin back the police Look you don't need drugs my music get you higher I make you feel Marlo from The Wire Get all your goons get your guns and go fire Make all them other dudes who be hustlin retire It's gettin hot, summertime comin up Murda got a record deal these niggas done fucked up I'm a boost the crime rate (WHAT!) So if you don't really want beef with me, you better stay out my way [Chorus: Red Cafe] Move like a G supposed to, lame niggas don't hear me Fo' life I'm a be a soldier, stack chips on the daily Shorty get low on the flo', hands in the air right near me And when we come around, through yo' town, it's goin down, goin down [Outro: DJ Envy] DJ Envy! Red Cafe! The Co-Op! Move like a G! We doin that spot you keep that two two under your socks We movin like a G! The Co-Op! It's The Co-Op!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Busta Rhymes, Cam'Ron, Papoose,  	Ray J, Rick Ross, Sheek Louch, Vado Album: Blockstars (Remix) 12" Song: Blockstars (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: DJ Kay Slay] DJ Kay Slay The Drama King!!!!  In the hood where I come from, we didn't give a damn about no rockstars!!! It's about being a blockstar!!! [Chorus: Ray J] (Plies) This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! (Yeah!!! Yeah!!!) I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! (Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yo!) [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Yo this the remix Slay? Let me handle my biz And give them the proper meanin of what a blockstar is (HUH!) A blockstar up in the hood see what they fame does (HA!!!) Is gettin love bigger than rap is when they name buzz (HUH!!!) And live the life that most of you talk but be afraid of (YEAH!) Most of them dudes you can't even disclose the names of  You probably see one while admirin the shine on 'em End up carryin a brick across the state line for 'em LISTEN!!! And while most of you niggas sold (HA) A dream but most of you reckless 'cause niggas live by the code (NOW!!!!) I hope you lil' niggas learn sum'n 'cause the cloth of blockstar that I was cut from (GET 'EM!!!) [Chorus: Ray J]  This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Where do I start? I know where, straight from the heart I used to freestyle with Cam, Ma$e and 'Gruff at the Mart (Waddup?) Crack rocks and a tennis ball, go when the D's come Sheek, Jada and P, D-Block you know where we from (L-O-X) Hoodie on nickel plate taped up handles Pop till it's rosemary candles and prayer service The Aston Martin make my mama nervous (I got it ma) Do I deserve this Gucci? Too many pretty women throwin me coochie Outside in the yard with a lucie, who's he? Gwen Stefani in my top five, Grey Goose and Sour Diesel You would think River Phoenix alive Allah U Akbar, yeah I'm a blockstar WHATTUP!!!! [Chorus: Ray J] (Rick Ross)  This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! (Kay Slay, waddup nigga?) I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! [Verse Three: Rick Ross] Day 90 when I set it off, pushin that ready rock Whip it like I'm Freddie Foxxx, lookin at a petty car (YEAH) I made it rain, you only watch the 'fetti fall I got so many flaws, as in too many cars I call 'em Kate and Jon's, therefore the panties small Suck it like spaghetti straws, only in Miami, dawg Too cool to talk, my shoes +New+ as +York+ Still skinnin them chickens, that's food for thought I'm a blockstar - BOSS, Frank Lucas in the flesh Fila's sweatsuits, three Cuban's on my neck (YEAH) Trips to Beijing, shit you ain't seen (NIGGA) Clips underground, my chips is mainstream BOSS [Chorus: Ray J] (Papoose)  This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! (Papoose, Pa-poose) [Verse Four: Papoose] The lucky guy, who always win at the dice game The neighborhood wino, we all give him change The dude who covers up his sneaker with a sock Damn! He could pop a wheelie the whole block The girl with the big earrings they was hallow But she was solid, she grew up to be a model The basketball player who be reppin He never made it to the NBA, but he a hood legend The rapper in the cypher with a lot of skills Growin old in the cypher, he never got a deal The fallen soldiers, Allah Gone but not forgotten, blockstars [Chorus: Ray J] This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! [Verse Five: Vado] Uh, aiyyo the dude think he smarter Before he hopped in I hit my man with the revolver and clip him like a barber I show you how to do it from the kitchen like a Martha (yes) Sicker than Stuart Scott when spittin I'm a monster (HUH!!!!) No heroin when I squeeze off Watch the nine throw bullets like Drew Brees arm I ain't Joe Clark, +Me+, you can't +Lean On+ Mink warm, throw up the set, the three rings on [Verse Six: Cam'Ron] Uh, blockstars (stars), rockstars (stars) Drop cars (cars), followed by cop cars (cars) Pepper spray, handcuffs, never SAFE! (SAFE!) One word, word, don't remember yesterday (nope!) Check my résumé, quick to catch amnesia (I don't know) Extra K, two ki's, mad reefer (reef-a) Bad diva (diva), my black beaver (beater) Coke dealer, Streetsweeper, max skeeter (SLAY!!) [Chorus: Ray J] This is what we do, this is what we do, from the block to the radio!!! I'm not a rockstar, I'm a blockstar!!! [Outro: DJ Kay Slay] DJ Kay Slay The Drama King!!!! More Than Just A DJ!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Jim Jones, Junior Reid, Papoose, Sheek Louch, Tony Yayo, Uncle Murda Album: Don't Take it There (Unity Remix) 12" Song: Don't Take it There (Unity Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kieranaloh@msn.com [Intro: Tony Yayo] Yo Kay whattup! The kid Yayo man!!! You know 50 blew some of that magic dust on me Now I'm a get some of that MTV money you know [DJ Kay Slay] I ain't mad at ya homey, yo Jim Jones you with me?! [Jim Jones] Hey Slay what it do? [DJ Kay Slay] That's what I'm talkin about!!! [Sheek Louch] I mean you killed them already on the first one [DJ Kay Slay] Is that Sheek Louch, Papoose, Uncle Murda, Tony Yayo and Jim Jones?!!!! [Sheek Louch] This is the remix!!!! D-Block!!!! [Verse 1: Sheek Louch] You don't wanna war with me Hammer on my lap since the first Skate Key  Now I'm in the Range or the SRT Pat me down, that ain't where a Gemstar be When Sheek come torn things to Mardi Gras Straight Stuntin Magazine bitches in my car Black shades hoodie on big cigar Long chain pinky ring big to par Police watchin rooftop binoculars Don Guerilla, Good Love popular I'm gettin money like the Jews bitch, mazel tov Clap at 'em matter of fact let Pap get 'em It's a body in the trunk right let's go shread 'em I ain't the King of New York I'm just plain old Louch Big man out that motherfuckin classic group I been a pimp but I guess they only listen to Snoop Let's go to war!!!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid] You don't wanna war with me (No No)  You don't wanna go there with me (No)  Before you go there with me  Make sure you know you fuck with real OG's  [Verse 2: Papoose] Papoose, Pa-poose!!! There's only one king in this city, and Y'all know the meanin of his name is indian I got it from my grandma I swear to Vivian Open up your mouth I'm a stick my semi in Tried to front so I shock like Shawn Merriman You a fish out of water this is my aquarium I let the ruger squeeze with Junior Reid I chew emcees like I'm chewin seeds  Your crew could bleed leave you intrigued I'm a truer breed I superceed what you believe True indeed Jim Jones said it best you dudes is weak You a fuckin rat went to the D's and chewed the cheese He a fake blood, burn his flag remove his beeds Wish I could bring Rem back (BO!!!!) Run that (BO!!!!) Run that (BO!!!!) FUCK THAT!!!!!!!! Tell your boss you ever try to touch Pap He better put you in his wheel like a hubcap [Chorus: Junior Reid] You don't wanna war with me (No No)  You don't wanna go there with me (No)  Before you go there with me  Make sure you know you fuck with real OG's  [Verse 3: Tony Yayo] HERE WE GO NOW!!! I wake up to that same bullshit, nigga I wake up to that same full clip, nigga Go price, low price, no gas goin up For forty-five a gram, how the FUCK a nigga blowin up? I get that cocaine, Vicodin, and Xanax pills (What else?) You know, the same pills, that killed Heath Ledger (YEAH!) The pies turn to grams, the grams turn to shells 'cause both eyes and hands, are like digi scales All that talk about the recession, is depressing (hahaha!) Jay-Z said it, you know where I'm headed To the strip, where all the fiends show me love (Southsiiiiiiide) Some feds jump out, I'ma throw my drugs Then I jump in a hooptie, stash a snub Then it's off to the projects for some Groupie Love Got three condoms, hoes got the bub Got three condoms, hoes got the bub!! YEAH!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid] You don't wanna war with me (No No)  You don't wanna go there with me (No)  Before you go there with me  Make sure you know you fuck with real OG's  [Verse 4: Uncle Murda] Put that thang on his forehead and squeeze the trigger (BANG!) When he fall, get on top of him, squeeze again, nigga (Get 'em!) Nobody is untouchable, anybody can get it I was hurt when I heard they killed Larry Davis in prison (Damn!) I was young, he inspired me to shoot the police I did it and got away with it, check my rap sheets (check it!) E'rybody ain't as fortunate, I'm bein fo' real Rest In Peace to all the dudes that the police killed Y'know, some ain't had no gun and some had a gun on 'em They wasn't shootin at the police, they was runnin from 'em Them young boys in the hood still thuggin it Them O.G.s' still tryna stop them from hustlin (What?!) Them young boys pumped up, poppin them fist The O.G.s' like, "Man, we too old for this shit" Lil' man growin up, he'll shoot you in the face There's a war goin on out here, nobody's safe - ah! (This ain't '88!) [Chorus: Junior Reid] You don't wanna war with me (No No)  You don't wanna go there with me (No)  Before you go there with me  Make sure you know you fuck with real OG's  [Verse 5: Jim Jones] If I kill you, I'm brainless Must be stupid, actin like I ain't rich Actin like it ain't short money to get ya brains hit You better watch what you say bitch Black president, please, because my hood is on the same shit Tryna get rich offa 'caine bricks So if you gonna kill a man, then you kill a man proper All my niggas do the killas like shottas Fake niggas start grillin like Shabba Try to stand tall, let the AK chop ya It's not a end line, won't delay your composure Shout to El Barrio and Kay Slay, partna Huh, okay it's still thug-acation But we Peter roll 'em if it's no blood relation Put his name on the wall, fuck it we erase him Put his brains on the floor - fuck it that's for basin Uh - you don't really want it with me You don't wanna run into a G We still gettin money, had a deal a couple hundred on the fee Still keep the guns under the seat I run with guerillas, it's a jungle in the streets Past slow, some is in the streets - fuck all the beef I can't remember a nigga frontin on me Heh, I can't remember a nigga frontin on me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Raheem Devaughn, Lloyd Banks, Sheek Louch, Styles P, Tony Yayo Album: Rhyme or Die Song: Justice Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] YEAH!!! KAY SLAY!!!! [Chorus: Raheem Devaughn] 'Round here we live for it and die for it It's the code of the streets it's the law You can get it with one phone call Disrespect me and my niggas goin off for the (JUSTICE!!!) Got goons!!! And got soldiers!!!! Every city, every slum, and every borough!!!! So don't get fly, don't get fresh, don't get dumb Make me serve you some, some JUSTICE!!! [Verse One: Sheek Louch] Flyin down the highway, no tints, look at the G Seat back, CD player, Teena Marie It's Donnie, rolex with no diamonds on the face Louie sneakers, True Religion's hammers on the waist Shades on the face, drippin like I just got out the tub Five or six bottles in the club Weed in the jar, it's evident you lookin at a star Tonight I'm tryin to fuck a muma (VADO!!!) Razor in the mouth (WHATTUP) It's alot of hot music in the street Never thought we get it back from the south (THANK YOU!!!) I popped the Rozay, chicks think she's Nicki Minaj I ain't Drake but I'm down to roleplay (IT'S OK!!!) If I ain't gettin money then I'm grumpy I'm sittin in the front, I ain't noticed since the flight was too bumpy I'm poppin these niggas on site, I'll leave you in the car Engine still runnin in the light....YEAH!!!! [Chorus: Raheem Devaughn] 'Round here we live for it and die for it It's the code of the streets it's the law You can get it with one phone call Disrespect me and my niggas goin off for the (JUSTICE!!!)  [Verse Two: Tony Yayo] In the Benz watch the lighter flicker I'm a burn somethin else for my real niggas Re-up on the work let the fiends test the grams 'Cause Uptown niggas'll hit you with flim flam Have that lawyer money, before the shit splatter Or Jewelry, a body of purses, diverted matters Phantom ghost, I'll show your lady love Burnin O.G. kush 'til the lady buzzed Wake up put my feet on Persian rugs Redhead from the red lights she rode a bud Uh! This money comin like a silk purse Sour eatin small plants in the early season Call the shooters up, they grab the calibers The four hit, they trip off the salvia I got money in these streets fuck gettin pitched Plus BM's just came out with the new six [Chorus: Raheem Devaughn] 'Round here we live for it and die for it It's the code of the streets it's the law You can get it with one phone call Disrespect me and my niggas goin off for the (JUSTICE!!!)  [Verse Three: Styles P] Sicker than Son of Satan but God like Told you 'til the day I die nigga this is mob life (D-BLOCK!!!) I talk with my hands over my mouth, casino style Middle of broad day homey, pull the nina out (BROAD DAY!!) And if I blow the hollow, you see no tomorrow Twistin your cap off nigga top of the soda bottle (TOP OF THE SODA BOTTLE!!!) All these rappers is hilarious Pop 'em in they car I ride up with God's chariot (RIDE!!!) Plenty of money and guns fuck it I carry it!!! (I CARRY IT!!!) Hang all of these niggas and use my lariat (USE MINE!!!) Never the type to sweat another nigga's swag (NEVER!!!) But I pull the beretta and take another nigga bag Dope boy, jack boy, I ain't just rappin It's another fuckin fact boy! And you fiction! You remind me of a book I wrote Play tough I got the hawk and beat a crook I poked, whattup!!! [Chorus: Raheem Devaughn] 'Round here we live for it and die for it It's the code of the streets it's the law You can get it with one phone call Disrespect me and my niggas goin off for the (JUSTICE!!!)  [Verse Four: Lloyd Banks] Mind sprints to the money dog my brain racin Chain chasin, millions out of the same basement The pain is pressure, got to learn to remain patient And break you out of just settlin for the same faces I'm calm and crazy with my strange caters Crack your bank try to follow me the same payments Whoever switchin up, my weed change fragrance Like the press consequences that the fame gave us I want it all just like the next man Stunner, bitches lookin at me like a stretched Lamb The world gettin palmed in my brigette hand Everything you hear is the bomb show me respect fam The rest ran, remember me as an artist Mentally I'm a mutant, gettin to it regardless Everything fucked up put issues to the garbage Alot of shit, politics, movin the targets [Chorus: Raheem Devaughn] 'Round here we live for it and die for it It's the code of the streets it's the law You can get it with one phone call Disrespect me and my niggas goin off for the (JUSTICE!!!)  Got goons!!! And got soldiers!!!! Every city, every slum, and every borough!!!! So don't get fly, don't get fresh, don't get dumb Make me serve you some, some JUSTICE!!! [Outro: Raheem Devaughn] SOME JUSTICE!!! SOME JUSTICE!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kayslay f/ The LOX Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 1 Song: The Streetsweeper Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Styles P] (Sheek Louch) When there's beef I'ma ride and won't slide 'til I'm debtin you (P swallow your pride), my pride ain't edible Fuck with my life, I'm stressin your death Cut his guts out, wrap his intestines around his neck You wanna gun who (*laughing*), what? Shit it's the ghost and my style's like the art of Water Block Sun Soo It's the ghetto godfather, priest in the hood Cross the line that's your spine, I'm the beast in the hood Don't consider that I rap, just consider I'm strapped And I squeeze at your brain, face, rib and your back Dog we can keep it brief get straight to the beef I'm so deep they see the pain in my eyes when I'm sleep I made a vow to the streets at a very young age That I would always use my knife and I would let my gun blaze Got niggaz that'll ride with me, die with me, thug with me Bust off they hammers, still sell they drugs with me My niggaz is real they all'll see the judge with me Nobody in rap, cause all my niggaz thug with me (nigga) [Chorus - Sheek Louch] + (Jadakiss) We gon' keep flippin our cars (weighin the odds), uh Bustin our guns (raisin our sons), yeah Bringin the storm (changin the norm) Niggaz is ass (let's get it on) Walk with me (I) Keep flippin our cars (weighin the odds), uh Bustin our guns (raisin our sons), yeah Bringin the storm (changin the norm) Niggaz is ass (let's get it on) Walk with me (I) [Verse 2 - Sheek Louch] (Styles P) We chase niggaz through malls Clap niggaz through walls Y'all want it with them D-Block boys Put the brown things up in you like Chips Ahoys Listen I'ma thug and I'm proud Y'all niggaz "Fashionably Loud" I don't give a fuck what kind of shirt that is I'll put the barrel to your kids and your wiz Watch them float, fish takin bites of they skin Little holes in they chin You in the mirror tryna see if they spin Niggaz is ass, tell a nigga drop the top and stop Roll the windows down, get rid of the cop I'm in the hood like boots on niggaz cars Gats on niggaz waist, you couldn't even tell that we stars Break down food, pizza, whatever it be I love my niggaz and they love me (get off our dick) What? you ain't gettin the point I think I'll give it to you Right in your waist and hand your fuckin liver to you, yeah [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] (Sheek Louch) Uh, uh, uh, uh, hey yo this is why I claim no slums (why?) Cause I could sit back, knock off a half a brick, and chew Rainblow Gums And the color of the Benz will kill ya, it's gold When it's movin fast it look like silver, I'm low With the trey pound next to my nuts A shotgun ridin shotgun on the seat next to my dutch I swear for God the Mag'll bust Niggaz know 'Kiss flow been crazy like a bag of dust Y'all industry-tuitionalized My niggaz is real, real niggaz see the truth and the lies Aimin for your head (but really tryna shoot out your eyes) With every Tef, then stomp out whatever is left And sometimes I say shit that I shouldn't But I never said that I couldn't Turn your chest plate into pudding And all my niggaz'll spray Except women, so the reason y'all living, cause y'all niggaz is gay, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ D-Block, Ray J Album: You Heard of Us 12" Song: You Heard of Us Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] StreetSweepers!!!! Kay Slay!!! D-Block!!! Uh! You got 'em with this fam! Check me out yo, uh! [Verse One: Sheek Louch] We get it poppin homey (Yeah) Bottles poppin homey (Yeah) Piff burnin homey (Yeah) Your baby mama on me (WOOOOOOO!!!) Jewelry drippin, Yankee hat over my face, about a seventeen shot on my waist Nothin in my ear (Uh Uh) But it's a G5 in the air we spend that from here to there (No doubt) Big money on the floor, dice game four or more Tucked underneath the tee, hammer in the other vee I'm StreetSweepin on the Deegan with this Puerto Rican mami  Long hair, the pussy like tsunami Gucci's on, hoodie over, tell them playas game is over Soon as I step in the club they like.....(HO!!!) [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me [Verse Two: Styles P] Blue Yankee, white tee and some Polos (uniform) Never seen a gangster, take a photo (SNAP IT!) With D-Block, that's a no-no (uh-uh!), just made a boo-boo Crazy, the 380 will make a nigga doo-doo (CRAZY!!) Waddup to my niggas lock down playin Kay Slay Yay on the check, cash aligned on payday (Y'know) Forever whylin (ever), forever stylin Either in jail or a island for a big day (Either or) Y'know the same shit, different toilet I can't call it outside with the smoke heads and alcoholics (Outside) Me and Sheek nigga, (Waddup?) where the beef, nigga? Year to year money, bustin heat - ONE!! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me [Verse Three: Sheek Louch] Geah...the yeay and the pot, the weed and the dutch The safety off, plate in my mouth, you will get touched I don't wait for music money, it's too slow (no doubt) I hit the block and make what you get for a show (ha ha!) It's jewelry and riches, hammer got him strippin like Kay Slay bitches (SLAY!), you better pictures  [Verse Four: Styles P] Go 'head and get you a snapshot  (SNAP-ROB) for you jewelry, your crack rocks Right on the back block (GET ROBBED!!) D-Block, we got shit, (D-BLOCK!) used to be have-nots You can ask Kay Slay, we stay in the projects like J.J. Shoot dope in you like muthafuckin Ray Ray Everyday is payday! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me [Bridge: Ray J] I'm on the yacht wit my lady, call 'em out the lady Bitches in the back, sniffin crack, sippin Baileys Strippers on the pole yellin pay me! (yellin pay me!) Would be surprised how I stack and make that slut go CRAZY! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Bun B, D-Block, G-Unit, Papoose & Ray J Album: You Heard of Us (Remix) 12" Song: You Heard of Us (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] Yeah! Streetsweepers!!! Aiyyo Kay Slay I've been wantin to say this right! THIS IS THE REMIX! YEAH! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me [Verse One: Sheek Louch] OWWWWWW!!! Lower the semi the engine is Henny Playin Big Pun on my way from visitin Remy (Hold ya head ma!) Yeah I need juice, sour diesel and dark shades Liquor in my cup, doin 90 on the Palisades  Hammer on my waist, act stupid then it's right in your face (WHATTUP!) Sheek crazier than Max B losin his case (IT'S WAVY BABY!!!) One DJ, two turntables, no replay Women love your boy (HELLO!!!) Sheek Cool J [Verse Two: Bully] Rookie on the block a veteran with a glock I ain't Big or Pac Bully got his own lane Yeah I'm with The LOX but Bully got his own brain Two dancers with me like the homey Daddy Kane I like D.O.A. but holla at me T-Pain Yeah I'm big but my shooters the size of Lil' Wayne (Mini!) Keep the fame, I take another zero on it It ain't unless the Ghost, Pinero's on it [Verse Three: Styles P] Dolla bills and good chron', hood don Keys when the LOX there, fuck nigga pop (Pop off!) Knockin Biggie in the new whip, roofless Ain't Cool J, but the play god witta pool stick +In Too Deep+, way too street Talkin peace, save that shit for the Hindu's beef (C'mon, B!) My gun long, from the bed to where the window reach (Leave that alone...) Talk to shit to D-Block nigga and end yo' speech, bitch! [Verse Four: Jadakiss] EH-HEEEEEH!!! Yeah, yo... They all hatin, even the ones gettin money They all Satan and go both ways, they all datin (haha) Shorty wit the doobie in the car waitin (Hold on...) You know the god, I'm M6 and the R8'n 'F' the world, in other words, screw the nation My word play is excruciatin (pain) These niggas is just hallucinatin, and keep tweekin But I'm the trustee, so it's job The Street Sweeper, what! [Verse Five: Tony Yayo] I kill a snake in the grass I'm the mongoose One phone call boy let the goons loose (BOOM!) Then Kay got a hundred round verse I need a hundred on the show I need 50 on a verse Yeah! I got the riches but a nigga need God in his life for them spiritual wishes FUCK BITCHES!!! Look at what they did to McNair  These rappers lookin like a bunch of ants in a Leer Everybody wanna be on every hooper in the hood wanna be the boy that dunked on LeBron Like Jordan, Xavier, you can have that girl I ain't savin her I'm like Rakin nigga, I Move The Crowd R.I.P. To Michael Jackson moonwalkin in clouds Yeah the Full ten loud so forget that three eighty D-Block and G-Unit we the most shady!!! [Verse Six: Bun B] II Trill is in the building! Hide ya broad And tuck ya chain, you lyin to lame, we goin hard! (Goin hard!) We rollin deep and we known to put the pressure down (Down!) You not built for this business, don't make me test you clown (Clown!) Pound for pound, I'm the best thang spittin Stay throwed, stay hittin in the fresh outfit and It's hard to do it like me (me) when my Jordans' don't come out 'til Christmas and my Nike's is iD (D!) Me a hater? Why be one? Please! I tell you what, playa, slap a hater when you see one (One!) The streets we run, I don't mean joggin Talkin 'bout break bread or get it in the noggin We in the house like a recluse And while you drinkin Gatorade, we sippin Trill O.G. Juice Get it poppin from the get-go, slow it down Like you out of petro 'fore them shooters let go [Verse Seven: Papoose] How you 'gon see me on a E-Dubb track? Your album was a brick call it re-up rap You don't got no street knowledge you don't build Leg shooter claimin you so real How you gonna shoot a nigga in his calf muscle you don't kill Your bullets go to the Cavs like Shaquille O'Neal Gotta find ways that we all could eat So we move that white girl like Dawson's Creek Rappers is unstable so they thoughts is weak I'm stable like the places where the horses sleep Yeah they got grams but they grams just ain't right My grams is like a hammerhead shark, great white When I'm bangin at you homey I ain't the leg type I'll head tap 'em like a bitch do when the braids tight Think you hot cause they log on to your fake site?! I wanna see if they can log on to your grave site [Verse Eight: Lloyd Banks] Uh, Prada good in 80s', new Mercedes, few ladies New York City's baby, got the projects goin crazy Pay me everything up front, we got the pumper money happy Look at me, my earrings POP like Pappy Get at me! I'm chromey, make it shake all by my lonely I done bust so many bottles, now the wattress want boney Trick on me, her miss cologne me, her favorite homey I'm stoney, she'll David Blow-me as I get cozy Play the corner like posey, frozey, with a u-zi Hennessy and Rosie, can't a single woman hold me Guns don't stop bullets, so err'body packin One boy, you ain't strapped, you done, won't be long 'fore the casket come There's ya mourning god, hood hero, fallen star Local broad, fallin car, Chronic out the jar To my table of the bar, model stay but I'm star Livin god, bar for bar, haters stop me, naw! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: All I Do Is Win 12" Song: All I Do Is Win (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! ['Kiss] AH-HAHHH! [Swizz] Showtime! [Khaled] This the remix [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Swizz Beatz) All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind (yeah) I can never get enough (right) Whenever me and Khaled do the remix (what's up?) Everybody hands go UP! (Ay, SHOWTIME!) And they stay there (bounce) and they say yeah (right) And they stay there (right) up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air (c'mon!) Make 'em stay there! [DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) We the Best music DJ Khaled, I'm goin in! Sittin on the top flo', what you think I'm hot fo'? Every summer drop mo' hits to make my stock go (UP!) Them hands go (UP!) Them fans go (UP!) I'm #1 in this bitch and I'ma (STAY THERE!) We the best of the best, grind while you haters asleep I'm yellin "Free Weezy," I rep the heart of the streets Who hotter than me? Khaled! I'm wearin the crown And we can't stop, won't stop, GO HATE ON ME NOW! [Rick Ross] Teflon Don! I can never get enough when it comes to gettin 'fetti Niggaz ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti Mario Andretti, money comin fast My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass I can never be a racist; wake up every morning  just to count white faces, Neo in +The Matrix+ Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors  I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian [Busta Rhymes] + (T-Pain) FIRE AND BRIMSTONE!!!!! Yeah! Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga come to get alot of money when I'm in the buildin and I come Said a ain't no motherfuckin body BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! Uh-huh, ok, niggaz know I got it when I hit you with the pitter-patter Whenever they see me then you hear alot of chitter-chatter Niggaz know there ain't nobody BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! I watch alot of niggaz when I'm in the cut {HUH!!!} So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut {OH!!!} You will crown me king (No matter what!) Get 'em!!! Ok let's shine my friend, get up on my grind again Some niggaz should be happy that I chose to rhyme with them CAUSE!!!!! [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up man, I want 'em to hear me Aiyyo check this out.. Her heart racing like she snort cocaine (c'mon) I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name {DIDDY}  Got the most paper, Mr. New York Times I'm a natural born winner, nigga New York MINE'S! (Mine!) Everybody gettin money, but I cop the first six (uh-huh) Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch (yeah) Yeah I let you wife her, but she's still my first bitch (that's MY bitch!) It's less than nine digits - nigga THAT ain't fuckin rich, motherfucker! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, aiyyo all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad? Undisputed, hailin all the way from Trinidad I ain't mad ma, I see you on your bummy swag I'm in that money green Jag, lotta money bags I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare Ask the IRS bitch, I'm payin for your healthcare [Fabolous] LOOK!!! I'ma make this here official, let me clear some issues First off I am not for Brittney Spears initials That's no B.S., at yo' request Lean back you and yo' crew, Fat Joe, T.S. Yeah it's Young Funeral, all black on me So act like summer's over, and fall back homey Winnin is all I do, I'll answer all of you But y'all ain't sayin shit, like prank callers do [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh, uhh Win, win, win, AH-HAHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo It's already proven I got them birds movin All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin Yellow gold Cuban, nine-mill' ruegin I'll show you what to do with 'em, finish 'em I'm through with 'em They 'gon have to jump me, it's 'gon take a few of them They don't want no problems, they might end up suing them Disassociate yourself, have nothin to do with them We already got it yeah, we tryin to get two of them AH-HAHHH! [Fat Joe] Yeah! Yo... I just blew trial, Crack lots' is Little Italy Your wife, she a screamer, yellin, "Slow down Joe, you killin me!" Beat her like a prize fight, mami I'm a rude boy Dude just hit the Powerball, everyday a new toy  Nigga it's a stick up, a motherfuckin robbery I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me Ridin through Harlem (Harlem!) me and Jeezy pardon me Puffy surfin on the hood for niggaz that keep doubtin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Dre, The Game, Jadakiss, Trick Daddy Album: We Global Song: Game (Red Light) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [DJ Khaled] We the best I represent the hood I represent the ghetto I represent the people I represent you LISTEN!!! [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [The Game] Ayo Cali Walk with me Yeah thats what got me here The chucks the khaki suits All the swap meet years The six dollar socks the five dollar rocks Uncle Greg rest in peace he taught me how to chop Thats why I love the hood and everything we got From the ice cream trucks to the fourty ounce tops All white Air Force Ones to fake Jacob watch A few reasons why I drive the Bently hard top Use it in my songs cause I live it on the block Tattoo it on my face let the whole world watch I'm that type of nigga yall made my city bigger dawg Turn the TV off got tired of watchin Jigga boss So we told our mom's we was lookin for jobs When we was really in the record store lookin for Nas Project of the ghetto, Ghetto and the project From compton to being Dre's number one prospect so..... [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [Jadakiss] AAHHAA!!! Yeah ugh They know Yeah ugh Aint no help there just food stamps Weight checks and welfare Every man gone for self there Still might need to borrow your medicade card for health care Yeah if you never got knocked then you made it Everybody know eachother if not they realated You can get shot or get bladed Theres dudes that got jobs now that had blocks in the eighties Six months five years for you just to cop out Ninth or tenth grade is usually when niggaz drop out Fights break out when you wired and start joking Alot of OG's retired and started smokin House party games of spade sweet kool-aid Loud music all night till the boys in blue raid So therefore I could never be too paid I know where I'm going and where I'm from will get you laid [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' [Trick Daddy] Haha Tell me this how come Black folks get a little doe And forget where they come from Man we used to have good times But since you moved on up you aint cool with us We still support you tho we dont see you much You aint the first fool its cool with us But why you living out your idols dreams Remember how for you came and help you keep those thangs Now its cool that your adress changed But I'm tryna holla at my dog and the number aint the same I guess new homies came with his fame But see true homies will stay the same Through all the up's and down's in your career A couple wives few kids scattered here And when you dead or broke without a deal All the groupies cleared... The ghetto will still be here [Dre] All the money in the world couldnt change me No diamond rings or them fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda let me Holler this because..... (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the pojects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and thats fo sho' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ French Montana, Jadakiss, Meek Mill, Rick Ross Album: Kiss the Ring Song: I Did It For My Dawgz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Rick Ross] + (DJ Khaled) Ricky Rozay (We the Best) French Montana (Nino! DJ Khaled) (Y.M.C.M.B., this for my dogs... for my dogs) [Chorus: repeat 2X] I did it for my dogs (I did it for my dogs) {*4X*} Oh Lord! {Maybach Music} [Rick Ross] Hundred in the mula got more diamonds than a jeweler Top down on the car, might be ridin with a shooter Nigga down to do ya, I ain't fuckin with a curl bar Nickle plated Ruger have you in a box on WorldStar Duck nigga, duck nigga Duck nigga, duck nigga where I'm from you called a fuck nigga Pistol in the freezer, spend a kilo on the visa Courtside SportsCenter, I can make you a believer (swish) Everybody goin broke, keep it real you gotta fight it Hundred kilos in the Beemer, boy don't make me get excited Couple milli' on the neck like I'm tryin to get indicted Got a mansion, got a yacht, bad bitch and a tiger Ugh~! Real niggaz takin over televisions Dope boys riding in a new set of Benzes +Hot Boy+, young boy, still +On Fire+ What's a death sentence cause we all gotta die [Meek Mill] Nino! Sittin on them M's, man shit is gettin realer Ricky Diesel got my hood lookin like scrilla Buyin all these foreigns I be in and out the dealer Just to let my niggaz hold on when they rollin, it could kill 'em And these suckaer, I dont feel 'em; I dont even see 'em I'ma die fly, rest in peace Aaliyah Half my dogs dead, the rest of them is here If all your jewels fake, how the fuck we gon' believe ya? Said I did it for my dogs, did it for my dogs E'rybody ridin 'til you seen 'em in the morgue Started with a body now I'm sittin in a Porsche With the shooters right behind me shit you lookin at a boss Rose gold Roley on my wrist, flawless! Hundred bottles send 'em to the VIP, ballin Basketball leather in the Benz, Spalding Y'all niggaz talkin, fuck is y'all retarded? [Chorus] - 1/2 [French Montana] I did it for my dogs Did it for them niggaz with a vision like a boss Did it for them niggaz in the kitchen with the salt Now I'm in that white thing, 500 horses for my niggaz in the coffin But got bikes in my hand and a drop head Roley Staring at the ceiling when I wake up in the mornin My dog doin life, try to see him 'fore he hit the coffin Playin with my paper, run up in your offices It's the oh-twelve Ice Cube nigga with the Raider hat A maniac nigga, where the paper at? Highway to life, need a hundred mill' exit Fifty on the wrist, hundred on the necklace [Chorus] - 1/2 [Jadakiss] AH_HAH~! Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yo - watch who you drinkin with, watch who you smokin with One point seven in my safe when I open it (cash) If I put seven in ya face, will I open it? And I know tomorrow ain't promised but I hope it is Love to get acquainted with you, stay and tear the jail up Did it for my dogs, so I had to put the bails up Get them thangs off so I haven't put the scales up Treat you like a pit, get your ears and ya tail cut Chopper still hot, you can hold it for yourself Versace, same buckle on the loafers and the belt Yeah them pills is flyin but the smokers is somethin else If the spot catch fire, the coke'll just really melt The dough got 'em bringin in the broads Obvious the flow got 'em screamin for the Lord If there's money on your head, what you think is the reward? I ain't do it for myself, you know who I did it for? [Rick Ross] I did it for my dogs (I did it for my dogs) Oh Lord! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Dre, The Game, Jadakiss, Trick Daddy Album: We the Best Song: I'm From the Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Khaled] We the besssst.. I represent the hood.. I represent the ghetto.. I represent the people.. I represent YOU - LISTENNN!!! [Chorus: Dre] All the money in the world couldn't change me No diamond rings or the fancy cars Cause my niggaz in the hood woulda left me holdin this because (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (and I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world in every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and that's fa sho' (I'm from the ghetto) I'm from the ghetto (and I'm from the projects) I'm from the projects All over the world and every hood they know I'm from the ghetto and that's fo' sho' [The Game] Ayo Cali.. walk with me.. Yeah, that's what got me here The Chucks, the khaki suits, all the swap meet years The six dollar socks, the five dollar rocks Uncle Greg rest in peace, he taught me how to chop That's why I love the hood and everything we got From the ice cream trucks to the forty ounce tops All white Air Force Ones, the fake Jacob watch A few reasons I drive the Bentley hard top Use it in my songs cause I live it on the block Tattoo it on my face, let the whole world watch I'm that type of nigga y'all made my city bigger Dog turn the TV off, got tired of watchin Jigga boss So we told our moms we's lookin for jobs When we was really in the record store lookin for Nas Project or the ghetto, ghetto and the projects From Compton to being Dre's number one prospect, so [Jadakiss] Hahhh-HAHHH~! Yeah, uhh They know, uhh Yeah, uhh ain't no help there Just food stamps, WIC checks and welfare Every man goin for self there And still might need to borrow your Medicade card for health care Yeah, if you never got knocked then you made it Everybody know each other, if not they related You can get shot or get bladed There's dudes that got jobs now that had blocks in the 80's Six months, five years is the usual cop out Ninth, tenth grade is usually when niggaz dropout Fights break out when you wired and start jokin Lot of O.G.'s retired and started smokin House party games of spade, sweet Kool-Aid Loud music all night, 'til the boys in blue raid So therefore, I could never be too paid I know where I'm goin, and where I'm from'll get you laid, yeah [Trick Daddy] Ha-hah... tell me this - how come Black folks get a little dough and forget where they come from Man we used to have good times But since you moved on up, yes you ain't cool with us We still support you though we ain't see you much You ain't the first fool, it's cool with us But while you're livin out your idle dreams Remember how far you came'll help you keep them things (sho' nuff) Now it's cool that your address changed But I'm tryin to holla at my dog and your number ain't the same (DAMN!) I guess new homies came with his fame (say what) But see true homies will stay the same Through all the ups and downs in yo' career A couple wives, few kids scattered here or there When you dead or broke without a deal All the groupies cleared, the ghetto still be here [DJ Khaled] DJ Khaled! That nigga Game! Trick Daddy Jadakiss, we the best~! We represent the ghe-tto, the projects Cool & Dre on the track, we the best! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled w/ Fabolous, Jadakiss, Mary J. Blige Album: We The Best Forever Song: It Ain't Over Til It's Over Typed by: ben.clemmons@gmail.com [Fabolous] I said we the best at making this green I swear Mountain Dew ain't got nothing on my team F is for the family that's holding it down I think niggas know who run this town A is for the action I'm all about Blow a nigga head off kill all the doubt B is for the big boys with the grown money And bad bitches who ain't gotta spend they own money Shots of 'tron at like 4 in the morn' It ain't over til it's over, Loso I'm gone [Mary J. Blige] Lights stay on they don't fade Pay my last call don't hold your breath Everything makes something out of nothing Move a mountain and still keep running Never come down, make no mistake They can say, ay That my end is on the horizon When I wake, ay All I see is the sun rising Just when you thought I said all there was to say I get the last word It ain't over til it's over Just when you thought I did all there was to do I give my best to you It ain't over til it's over It ain't over til it's over It ain't over til it's over [Jadakiss] I smoke weed you sip on lean People always saying what the hell does that mean J is for the justice I did to the game Lot of these niggas that's on is lame A is for the way I airs em out Coupes by the two's I pairs em out D's for the dope that a niggas still pumping 12 hours shifts got the spot still jumping Rocking on til the block is gone 38 a snub nose but the chopper's long [Mary J. Blige] And everything takes time so they say When it's been on my side everyday Every second gone is another way to come up In the poor and then to crash into the jackpot Twists and turn I can take The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Ja Rule Album: We the Best Song: New York Is Back Typed by: AZ Lyrics [DJ Khaled] This is, this is This is, this is I'm about Unity Greetings from Miami Dade County Florida Listennn [Chorus: Ja Rule and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Jadakiss] Yo the hammer and the muzzle came together All I had did was hold on to the pieces untill the puzzle came together Before it all got hyped I was in the corridor Apple before it got ripped So I ain't gotta act like I'm on top of, or in front of them If I aint the best dog then I'm one of them Listenn I'm a different kind of boss I'm Cut from a different kind of cloth These niggas is different kind of soft Everybody know it all Nobody follow a protocal The money's only good until you blow it all Stacking every cents Guliani knocked John Gotti, What? So now he's running for president It's a shame what the game's became But the truth is There's really nobody to blame But the music Lets give it a minute Wtih no wack gimmicks Just hard beats and rhymes blow breath back in it [Chorus: Jada and DJ khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Fat Joe] Mutha Fucka i'm the heart and sole of this You claim king, but we in control of this Name another rapper you see on the streets huggin the block at the height of a beef Yellow tape and white sheets Yea that's my back drop whenever I speak I know alotta y'all would love to ice me make my head jerk like I'm doing the hyphy But that'll never happen, get on some sick shit Like fifteen in you, and one in your infant Joe's the business, Ask about me In the middle of the desert and they still can drought me You know Coka baby he stay on that new york shit You see weezy coming down on that forklift And money aint a thing, unless he come off with Then Ima have to hit em with these little bricks often [Chorus: Fat Joe and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [Ja Rule] New york, New York nigga never went no where I just took off a couple of years But Now I'm back on my day to day Old school, Gucci frames like day to day Who gone tell New york times up, Flava flav Cuz as much as things change it remains the same And you can gimme the city of God And Mecca, the temple, the mas An inspiration, the inception, The art. Of Hip Hip was born And the rap game was formed From niggas dead broke, sell drugs, bear arms Against all odds and argue all day about who's a bigger star Joe, Jada, or Ja SO close but so far So many there's no star I can't belive Fifty Cent and NY fell off And L.A. came back, and the south is running shit Then one blood group, shit's all developing, NEW YORK [Chorus: Ja Rule and DJ Khaled] One's for the trouble Two's for the show Three's for the base and that limelight glow I know, you thinking that this game is over Oh no, the wait is over New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back Lemme see your hands, wave em side to side Put em up high, lets ride because New York is back [DJ Khaled] Shouts out everyone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Beanie Sigel, Jadakiss Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Problem Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Beanie Sigel] B. Sig in the muthafucka holla at cha boy Yea Beat Novakane aka Mr. Miami aka Get the Fuckin Job Done Yea, when I cop it's four doors I'm too big for a coup nigga An when I go to war I don't get shot I just shoot niggas An I don't trust a nigga as far as I can throw em Even though I'm feeling strong enough I prolly can roof niggas Yea, Ya boy back in the booth nigga I'm off the weed but I'm back on my juice nigga I beat the case so its off with the suits Back to Fateegs, black tee’s an Timbaland boots Nigga The year is new, I want my spot back take 2 Matter fact take the whole click who you know can fly by in the 05-06 When they see that new V the dope boys go crazy You know I still fuck with State P still fuck wit Dame Dash still fuck wit Jay-Z Still real steel still recognize real I still feel it in the air We kill at will here [Chorus: Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell An I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Jadakiss] Yo you gotta hole in you and you bleedin So its not like I'm just callin you "Pussy" for no reason Me? I'm a bastard I hit the blunts till I gotta cough then I pass em Exhaust on the Ashton, that next choice you make might be ya last one Shit that I needed stuck with me from the classroom Real talk now, who's the King of New York now? Boys got safe in the house, I gotta vault now From my old grams still, wit my old fam still Still gettin wireless head that's with no hands Listen My grandma in compensation compares to yalls is way beyond exist-ions D-Block daddy new black Caddi comin through knockin Micheal McDonald and Patty P's of haze is still goin for 8 in the Nati Rather have God arrest me then Satan ta bag me (Get Serious!) I'll gladly involve ya moms, Al-Quada Jada I'm only involved with bombs (Uh) Put my life on it soon as you put in the hot water all you gotta do is put the ice on it I been givin to niggas for years I'm responsible for niggas careers Muthafucka! [Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell And I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Beanie Sigel] Hold ya head up Cass don't stress wait a come on fast Keep to yaself just try not ta come off ass Cause these niggas ain't playin fair You know stay on ya square, handle ya biz be the man you say you is I always been that nigga I said I was You get booked don't budge look at the judge An stand up an man up an never play those games Real niggas don't say no names [DJ Khaled] Yea its the DJ Khaled the Don Donnta the big dog pitbull the Terror Squad-ion aka the Beat Novakane I'ma problem my album drops june 6th LISTEEENNN! [Chorus: Beanie Sigel] First Pac got got, Then Big clock stopped Now somethin going on wit the Roc I'm hearin shit about a break up, the shit people make up I'm like "Damn when will it stop?" Jay an Dame ain't speakin, Game an 50 Cent beefin an Cease got Lil Kim knocked? I'm hearin all this in the jail while I'm sittin in my cell An I'm waitin on some mail from the Prop [Beanie Sigel] Yea, B. Sig fresh out the federal building, fresh on the bricks Breathin that good air after doin a year and a day man holla at cha boy man I want my spot back man for real man move over the king is back to sit in his seat, Holla at cha boy nigga! Suck a dick with aids on the tip, NOT GUILTY BIOTCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Fat Joe, Jadakiss    Ludacris, Mavado, The Game, T-Pain, Twista, Waka Flocka Flame  Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] (T-Pain) I'm f'real about this shit! This the remix! (Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee) Let's go! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! [Chorus: T-Pain] (DJ Khaled) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all these old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (Y-M-C-M-B!) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - Where they gettin fly +Like a G6+ and everybody know this is the remix Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees (Miami Dade County, 305) WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! (We the Best Music!) [Verse One: Ludacris] Stop playin wit 'em! LUDA! Everybody on the corner with the works slangin and bangin in front of that liquor sto' Blowin money cause I live life fast, so this bottle full of 'gnac I'ma sip it slow Singles double when triple beams take over Now holla cause these Impalas got extreme makeovers (WOO!) Couches covered in plastic, babies all in the street, now Wear the wrong color catch a Rodney King, beatdown! Kids hit with switches, mommas is quotin scriptures While Luda's gettin head, mo' gums than baby pictures (WOO!) Cock my 40-Glock and my partner just bought a replica Now Asians sayin they don't keep no cash in they register (hurry up and buy!) We run from red and blue LIGHTS to get the green But whoever got that WHITE, is "winnin" like Charlie Sheen! [Verse Two: T-Pain] HEY! Teddy Pain! (Teddy Pain!) Bad man! (Bad man!) Mix shots - BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM bang! Man +We the Best+ nevertheless, you know we get it hot! FIRE flame flame FIRE FIRE flame! Put me on the track and I'ma really let a muh'fucker feel it when I do it how I do it what I do If a nigga really wanna test (come and test) you can bet that I'ma eat him all day - FUCK FOOD! 8-5-0 what I represent (sent) Talla-home Florida president Me and DJ Khaled got these haters lookin hesitant (yeah) So keep all of that wackness out my EAR (BYOO, BYOO) That's the sound of yo' CAREER in my hooooood.. [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] {*Bell Rings*} I hope you niggas got your ringside seats!!! 'Cause it's whoop ass season (COMIN TO A HOOD NEAR YOU!!!) Everybody know what happen when you see me comin (BACK UP!!!!!!) I be hurdlin then got you regurgitatin and murderin everything (GUNSHOT) (BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP!!!!!) (Y'ALL KNOW WHAT IT IS!!!) I'm comin to get it in Enough of the block and I'm runnin the hood and nothin can top it You could Google it or you could search on how a nigga come and Lock up impossible for you to stop it!!!! (MORE FIRE DUN DI PLACE!!!!) Blackout and heat di bed yuh know a ease di dread I probably need di medical situation because the way I'm fuckin everything I tell di people dem!!! Why you try to do when you already know I'm the king with it And you don't wanna come behind me with it bro I KILLED THIS SHIT!!! I AIN'T GOTTA RHYME NO MO'!!!! [Verse Four: Twista] (T-Pain) (*Twista Adlibs) (**Mavado) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) Welcome to my hood where board members of faculty Backin me if you ever try and tackle me That could be when I eat 'em especially when I beat 'em When you see a bunch of killers and hustlers on the side of me I'm an anomaly to 'em, put 'em on crutches for suckin their verses Such as the one that's kickin a ruckus Much as I smoke a dutchess and model bitches that cut us And motherfuckers and lovers and enemies wanna touch us I'ma spit a flow as if it was a sin (*WHAT!) Then the gangstas are best with me forever see I find a fo' put in on a pen (**Ayyyyyyy!!!) Then you know to never test with me it'll be a +Category F5+ (**ANYWAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!!) Let 'em in the military with automatic weapons so let's ride Love to the hunters and everybody that runnin them north and the whole city comin from the Westside!!! (**WHAPPEN TO DEM!!!!) [Verse Five: Mavado] (T-Pain) Come to di Gully weh we nuh tek baddup Big spliff inna mi hand and Hennessy inna mi cup Yuh see di gal weh we have up it's like some angels a duck Dem phat and grab up! Yah hear mi!!! Ha Ha!!! When yuh pass di gate, greet mi at di entrance Violate, straight death sentence Yuh live yuh must be great to be a snake nuh repentance We comin at yuh wid vengeance (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) [Verse Six: DJ Khaled] Never slippin, I'm ballin, Puff keep on callin I don't see none of you pussies (I ain't tryna hear that shit!) Fuck that shit groupie talkin Rep Miami the ghetto (Dade County), every hood and the projects And when I drop off my singles, I'm droppin one of my targets Lord forgive me for my siiiiins I gave you hits, I gave you "All I Do is Wiiiin" (I won't stop) I live this shit and We the Best it's no preteeeend I'm touchin millions, throwin hundreds in this biiiiiiitch! [Verse Seven: Birdman] Yeah, Uptown Swagged out, let's get it (Ah-AH! Ah-AH!) R-Real nigga #1, hustle fly with my son I come from Uptown, G5 Tommy Gun Red flag everyday, hundred mil' ready to spray Swagged out nigga, Bugatti with the paper plate B-B-Blowin on some good, nigga (on some good, nigga) feelin good, nigga (feelin good, nigga) Stunna Island, me and Khaled on the WOOD, nigga (on the wood, nigga) You understand? Shinin like I know we should Birdman YMCMB, we good nigga! [Verse Eight: Ace Hood] (Brownwaaaay!) A-A-Ace Hood in this bitch hoe, kickin down in yo' front door Knock knock, you hear the Glock cock and that thing pop on that fo-fo' (BR-R-R-RAT!) Posted on in that same block, I'm in the drop top with that bank roll Y-Young nigga, I'm out chea, cain't name a place that I cain't go Ridin 'round with 'bout 50 grand and they wonder what do that safe hold Middle fanger them feds and that's what I pledge a part of my G-code Man, FUCK them prosecutors, hustla connoisseur 'Cause +We the Best Forever+, make sure you spread the rumor bitch~! [Verse Nine: Fat Joe] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Cooked coke, hard rock, stashed in the body shop Only way to break them bricks down is karate chops Niggaz gettin left right in front of the marble precinct Leave 'em like them Jordans' - red dot, leakin I'm fifteen when I first started coppin pies You forty-six just turnin Blood, stop it five It's like the only way to make it is supplyin things Hoop dreams dunkin over cars, let the choir sing [Verse Ten: The Game] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yo it's that black raw, black dawg, pullin up on that black hog Compton that's my backyard, that's where I used to get them sacks off But now I got platinum plaques in the back of the back and I'm back with Dre again Aftermath, We the Best, me and Khaled, Dre and Em "Detox", "RED" - that's back to the back, step in the club with my hat to the back Nigga I'm so hood even though I'm livin good niggaz still in the V.I.P. strapped with a gat Drop a couple stacks then it's back to the trap couple hoes in the back, red wheels on the 'llac Redrum if you try niggaz, Westside! Throw it up, now! [Verse Eleven: Jadakiss] (*T-Pain) (*WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) They knockin packs off (off) they lettin gats off (off) Medicaid, benefit card, scratch-offs Savin every dime (yeah) tryin to choke a quarter And they ain't sellin crack (nah) they sellin Coke and water Smokin or you snortin, they coppin all the Jordans (yeah) Nothin's more important, steal 'em if you can't afford 'em (yep) I'm gettin to the money (money) I need another comma Some of 'em love the drama (yeah) more than they love they momma [Verse Twelve: Bun B] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yeah, welcome to the land of the Trill where everybody walkin with they hand on the steel And the model is a supply and demand and he will you been outta line with the wrong man and get killed Where you damned if you will, damned if you won't lot of dudes sayin that they can when they don't And a lot of boys sayin that they G's but they ain't mess around get laid down in the paint Better do what you say, say what you do 'fore I come around your hood broad day with the crew They got them fists, A-R's, AK's and them twos and they will gladiate all day, what it do? (What it do?) R.I.P. to the trillest that did it, to my G's on lockdown acquitted Think I'ma stop reppin P.A.T.? Forget it! (get it, get it) [Verse Thirteen: Waka Flocka Flame] (RIVER-DALLLLLLLLE~!!! WAKA! FLOCKA! WAKA! FLOCKA!) Welcome to Clayton County, my house got surrounded The enemies tryna drown me, but my hood still around me (RIVERDAAAAALE!!!) Rookie of the year, no "Freshman" cover Shawty sixteen years old, with FO' baby mothers!! First rapper ever to jump off the stage on BET (Uh-huh!) And since Pac, go to Hollywood and keep it street (WEEEEST-SIIIIDE, UH!!) First Wooh to put T. Rodgers on the TV Everyday it's a party on Grove Street [Outro: DJ Khaled] "We the Best Forever" June 28 It's gon' be a hot summer! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Premier f/ Styles P, Tef Album: Get Used To Us Song: Married 2 Tha Game Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: DJ Premier] Yeah! Married to the game! Yo! What you know about these streets nigga?! Huh?! What you know about this real shit?! Teflon, Styles P Da Ghost! Come on! [Verse One: Styles P] Married to the game (I do) Mary Jane blowin while I'm carryin the 'caine (Yeah) Cross the state line state time is on the brain (Damn) Mansion and a couple mil' maybe I'm a change Twenty four gone or your frame's not the same (Uh Uh) Brain can't remain in your head when I aim and the barrel flood the flame (Flame) Niggas cooked food somebody better pray for 'em (Somebody pray for 'em) Niggas look rude you better got a cave for 'em  Busy schedule but I got a day for 'em  Late night all black fuck around and lay it for 'em (YEAH) Cut his ass ear to ear drag his ass here to there Bring him home kill his man just so I can clear the air You don't want nothin but sure 'gon get sum'n ('Gon get sum'n) Somebody dyin 'cause the four 'gon hit sum'n Married to the game the husband she always want the blood drip When she want it, put a dozen in your stomach [Chorus: Tef] Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me [Verse Two: Tef] Married to the game, I let the thang, burst Let the thang blast we don't ask names first Bitch I got chips! Why you clingin to your purse?! Mu'fuckers mad 'cause we slingin on they turf Put in work,.in days to the gang in the hood at first Niggas figured a little small change wouldn't hurt Start at you with dirt, look, I took my vowels When out and tried to put the cook in vowels From the heart I'm a Brooklyn child And Teflon palm still itch when I ain't did a jooks in awhile We foul, crooks then look at us now And they had to get it down for awhile but I took it to trial Now all I do is puff trees, Roll to plush fees And look for a girl to turn to a f'd up D Please! We could never see enough cheese And if It's about some cake then we could discuss fees [Chorus: Tef] Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me [Verse Three: Tef] Sixteen in the clip, run in ahead of the glock If we ain't gievn up nothin but head shots to his dreadlocks I'm lyin, I threw the iron to his bread box And kept firin should've left Tef in a asylum Let's face it, Tef on about a safe grip since 2000 blue diamonds on the bracelet Won some, lost some, tossed some, replaced it This strip's got me a mess I'm caught up in the matrix Thought I take the time to blow a L And relax 'fore you cats have me go back to jail I got more crack to sell, so I was gonna stack 'Til I cracked a half a mil' and then relax and chill But then, the bills grew quick, and my crew flipped On some music shit then threw it on a massive scale Blast yo' ass to hell if the bastard tell We kick our foot up, 'til they put up the gas for bail And still........ [Chorus: Tef] Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me Married to the game, holy matrimony man look at the ring The whole thing glass and homey look at the chain You love how it's flashin on me, shoot ratchets 'til the casket on me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Suss One f/ French Montana, Jadakiss, Lloyd Banks, Floyd Mayweather Jr., Junior Reid Album: Champion 12" Song: Champion  Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: DJ Suss One] (Junior Reid) Yo Reid you know what? (They hatin on me!!!) You damn right they hatin!!! (They hatin on me!!) They didn't want me to make it this far baby! DJ Suss One!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid] (Floyd Mayweather Jr.) (*DJ Suss One) (**Jadakiss) I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! (Money May! Suss One! The Featured Presentation! I'm the one! Let's go!) All my fans are, in the arena they all chearin for, meeeeeeee!!!!!!! (*Yo J I told these niggas!!!) At the same time, haters out there, they all hatin on, me (*Y'all wanna underestimate me!!!!) I am a champion (**Yeah!) I'm a champion (**Yeah!) I'm a champion (HE-HEHHHH!!!) I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! (*I'm built for this shit, yo Kiss holla at these niggas!!!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] Uh! Yo! Underrated undisputed as far as when it comes to music I stepped in the ring, with the belts and I ain't come to lose it Shakin up the town more, prayin for my downfall God had to fall back 'cause Satan is around y'all I am, the last of a breed that's dyin Eye of the tiger, heart of a lion Catch me in the trap as long as they buyin Or until I see the lights and hear the sirens You wouldn't dare go where I been already That's why losin ain't on my itinerary They just came in and I done moved ten already Rest in peace to the rappers in the cementary Yeah! You gone need a reservation In case you didn't know this is the featured presentation Dumpin on site squeezin with no hesitation I made it through the hate and all the underestimation WHAT!!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid]  I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! All my fans are, in the arena, they all chearin for, meeeeeeee!!!!!!! At the same time, haters out there, they all hatin on, me I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! [Verse Two: Lloyd Banks] Uh! I'm straight off the bench with this, murder for my sentences Lethal like the burner knock a burgular through the entrances It's the M dot, V dot, P stops when you bark the tree stops I'm lyrically bombs makin MC's drop Product of the weed spot, all of my sixteen's hot Ring pop like I wanna chip, chick in a clean drop Platinum in my after life, Queens days Manhattan nights Purple haze takes me to paradise, I'm bad as twice Niggas settlin for last, rather have the average type Me I flip the paddles white, gotta have a appetite Y'all come off the crowd you stare, we 'gon make it loud in here It's our year, victory laps, laps is a power steer Champagne at the finish line, send 'em here it's dinner time Banks the real nigga kind, thanks to hard livin I'm Back headed for bigger shine, hope they let the cameras in Lucky ass niggas don't got a chance to win UH!!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid] (French Montana)  I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! All my fans are, in the arena, they all chearin for, meeeeeeee!!!!!!! At the same time, haters out there, they all hatin on, me (MONTANA!!!) I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! (I'M THE COKE BOY! I'M THE COKE BOY! I'M THE...I'M THE..I'M THE COKE BOY!!!) [Verse Three: French Montana] I took over the streets go and tell 'em that The chain cold as ice but I been through hell and back You ain't got a buzz you just tipsy baby! My bitch on E! like Chelsea Lately Wildebeest, kill the streets Metal on the Louis sneaks, top four back like movie seats Short days long nights blood, sweat and tears Rap was the gift bullet wounds was the souvenir I guess comin from the bottom feel way better  Truck for the winner get the drop for that Mayweather Water brown hold it down like a angry great white Take flight, hit the trap, break night Many niggas got me twisted, gyros, lamb chops I seen mills way before I knew Hancock A dedication with the featured presentation You fuckin with the best nigga deadly combination MONTANA!!! [Chorus: Junior Reid]  I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! All my fans are, in the arena, they all chearin for, meeeeeeee!!!!!!! At the same time, haters out there, they all hatin on, me I am a champion, I'm a champion, I'm a champion I'm a champion, whoooooaaaa oh!!! [Outro: Floyd Mayweather Jr.] DJ Suss One!!! The Featured Presentation!! Money May! WBC-IBF!!!  WBA!!! I ain't never lost! The victories, the money, the cars, the house The bitches, the riches, I'm here baby!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ WhooKid f/ Jadakiss, Styles Album: Hood Radio V. 1 Song: Death Typed by: QUEENSBRIDGE16@hotmail.com [Styles] Hail Mary and light candles, what the fuck When I die hail a cap, just light up a dutch Still here I'll be hidin' inside the smoke I'll be all up in the cats that provide you coke You know the cats with the stocking caps over they face With the shotgun pump yellin, "Open the safe!" I'm the nigga that'll loc in the wake, put two in the corpse And one in the chest and one in the face Can't wait to bet a hundred an ace, tell a nigga I owe? Hell no, get the fuck up out my face Call me a hater, cause I probably hate ya tapes And if I see you at a show I might break ya plates All these new faggots, steppin' on the scene Don't you ever fucking ask me to kick a sixteen Cause I was better than you, when I was sixteen Still cock back the hammer, and give you sixteen [Jadakiss] I cop heavy jewels, nickle em out Whips, nickle em out Fuck a bitch then I'm kickin' em out Catch ya wifey at the mall put a clip in her blouse I got big time niggas that be hittin' the south Whip in the house, while y'all niggas sit on the couch Talkin' bout that rock shit I got a brick in the house Remember me dog here's something to remember me for Half million worth of ice and a burgandy four Spittin the raw, ???, rippin the tour On a hill fucking with Poppi sit in the store They call me the Kiss, light up call me a bitch That hold a glock, roll a dutch, and take all of the dick Company owned, ??? jet company phone Make a million overseas don't front when you home Cause these niggas wanna jump on your stones Bitches wanna jump on your bone That's why I'm dumpin' the chrome The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jay-Z, The L.O.X. Album: Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood Song: Blackout Typed by: LoccDout@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Jay!) Fuck that  (This is it right here baby!) You know what it is [Jadakiss] Yo, I used to have bad luck  Now you might see me in a Jag truck Mad stuck, either with a dime or a bad duck Double-R T with the matchin bandana 38-snub blue steel with no hammer And I see y'all niggaz tryin to glance at the 'Kiss Cause I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist Phonin your women, drunk off Corona's and lemon And you know I'm still writin the mean, lightin the green I need to boogie, even though I look, right in the beam Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails Niggaz throw us on they album, try to boost they sales We put our pies on the table and our eyes on a label Cause them rednecks up in the mountains'll try to slay you (They call me) Raspy, tell you what I want you to know Fuck what you ask me - you probably don't, want me to blow I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to skip Usually a good nigga, even though I'm able to flip You pay 30 for the 'Kiss (uh-huh) a 100 for The L.O.X. (yeah) And if we cool, then I write a hook for a drop Whatever's in the bank is my bet, a z-bull's my pet and you can bet he'll get the legs and the neck [Sheik Luciano] Uh-huh, yeah, aiyyo Yo when my gun bust, send niggaz to the fish like Swanson New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson, I put fear in y'all heads Sheik Luc', type of nigga gasoline y'all beds And that's warnin, if you all alive in the mornin, that's fine Now I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine I want PC - see me? Tuck in your chains I got niggaz my pop's age that lifestyle ain't changed It's like wake up, move a brick, half of it slow Make car money, check with Sheik, go fuck with a hoe I rock a waist length mink, do-rag under my fitted And I don't even want waves, Timbs be halfway new That's Sheik in the dress-up club cause I don't fuck with shoes And for my nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told I put thirty in your head, all in the same hole Cause we got the same goal, and you try an' tamper with mine? Don't make me motherfuckin leave you with some shit in yo' spine Fuck with me you be a WAS nigga, nigga WAS dope Nigga WAS gettin money 'fore I extorted your coke, 'ju crazy? [Styles] Aiyyo, catch me with a thirty-eight, box and shells In a ninety-eight Lincoln eatin pasta shells Order to go, always got a box of L's Blow, stay on the low, get a Heine' and swig I'm Pinero, so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig I pop shit cause I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G. Y'all niggaz is son-ned out, let me speak to your father Cause I like to play chess and I swing the revolver If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga goin legit You hold your nine if you holdin a brick Common sense, Fed drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent L.O.X. get respect like Sonny from "Bronx Tale" Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel Thirsty to live, are y'all niggaz eager to die? I tell all my niggaz ride, you won't leave with a dime Motherfucker [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah I'm a monster, I sleep whole winters; wake up and spit summers Ghetto nigga, puttin up Will Smith numbers Surrounded by 6's and Hummers, bitches among us  Tryin not to let this bullshit become us  It started from hunger, til it all went insane Now bitches notice the chains now that I hit my number The chickens I twisted see the digits unlisted The beeper done changed; you dead bitch, the Reaper done came I suggest niggaz stop speakin my name Cause trust me, y'all can still feel the heat in the rain I keep creepin, streets keep watchin, I keep poppin  Niggaz is hot heads and the bullets is heat-seekin Jay flow for pesos -- chase hoes NOT I just circle 'round the block in a drop Tell them jump through the top (uh-huh)  where the sun roof used to be I could see y'all not used to me Nigga flows like none other - I'm the meanest toughest Don Dada, the gun butcher You the type that bust a lot of shots and none touch ya I'm the type that get excited, when the gun touch ya Motherfuckers.. Y'all niggaz bout to witness a dynasty like no other [DMX] Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.. I'm headed nowhere fast Run in the place, gat in my waist Niggaz wanted a taste, but wouldn't come to my face So what that mean? You cats is playin games again So now what I do? Start namin names again (WHAT!) All you motherfuckers know, that I speak from the heart (UH!) Play like you don't know, L.O.X. is gon' bark We can take it there, but to make it fair, get some more niggaz Styles, Sheik, Jay, we comin with like four niggaz (AIGHT!) Y'all niggaz, best to stop playin, it'll be the ones you forgotten about that'll get you shot in your mouth (ARF! ARF!) Got my dogs covered (UH!) Plus it's all gravy like chicken when it's smothered (WHAT!) "It's Dark," and I LOVE IT! (UH!) Get him boy - let him loose (C'MON!) You want it with the dog? Get a gun, let him shoot (C'MON!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Drag-On, The L.O.X. Album: ...And Then There Was X Song: D-X-L (Hard White) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Styles P] Holiday Styles Bitch, I get you shot in the head or shot in the neck  if I ain't gettin proper respect I don't care if you rap, I still spit in your grill I don't give a fuck, never have, never will If it ain't on your hip, then you're lookin to die I ain't tryin to be the nigga that's gonna look at the sky Ask God why I'm broke, bitch, I'm cooking the pie We all gon' die, sooner or later, matter of time My niggaz sell crack, with a package of dimes Hundred or more, in front of the store, waitin to bubble Brand new nine, and an eight in a bubble I put sixteen above ya neck, I love my set Niggaz think they a thug, then thug to death (uh-huh) Cause the P gonna squeeze 'til no slugs is left (what) You know I'm good with a hundred of 'dro, gun and an O You think your shit butter? Hop in front of this toast [Sheik] Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo I say what I want, fuck what y'all think is cool And I hate cops, cause most y'all was dicks in school No pussy gettin niggaz tryin to cuff the God Play Sheik out in the yard, but that shit too hard My dough too long, nowadays, my flow too strong What y'all make in a year, I kick that for a song Check my car, I don't care, I don't play fair Keep some shit in the stash box, then get me the chair And it don't buck shot and the blast is hard to hear I'm a true thug nigga, bring it straight to your crew Small yell when I rap, I'm basically talkin to you You see the pain in my eye? Nigga, the flame in my eye? I'm tryin to leave my kids some real fuckin change when I die from rappin or tellin some cat to reach for the sky I'm that hunt down nigga, with the four pound nigga Bounty hunt your whole crew til my bullets go through, WHAT? [Jadakiss] Yo, yo, yo, yo All I need is a big gun and a Coupe that's crazy quick A nice house with five rooms, maybe six A town where money is coming, eighty bricks Break 'em down to all twenties, is a crazy flip Bet you never even felt the heat til I put the M1 next to your waves and melt the grease Streets help niggaz; niggaz don't help the streets Y'all use beats for help; we help the beats Who want it with me? Who want it with Sheek? Who want it with P? If I say so myself, it's a wonderful three Be in the hood with all your jewels in the glovebox Same niggas that-a rob you love L.O.X. (uh) All types of burners, even snub glocks (uh) Nice size tecs you could carry in your sweats (uh) Find your man dead in the trunk of a car (uh) It's Jada {*mwwaa*} responsible for breakin your heart (uh) Uh [Drag-On] Creep through the streets For some of y'all rappers, that's mighty hard Me the Security? Protectin my body? I let my shotty guard Put chill pills in brains, bullets like Tylenol Make niggaz drowsy from the blood loss, got em noddin off And take casket naps, fuck that You shoulda never let this bastard rap All I know is cold winter, hot slugs through your snorkel No parents, tale from my horror's no morals Raised in the wrong era, with no guidance So you dyin? It's no problem, no lyin Drag's fire; so ya hamburger beef? I french-fry 'em Drag done ate your food Like I know to raise your dukes so guard your chin up Drag barrels, but shit, I spit-bubble your skin up Drag scorch niggaz for dinner but season 'em well I don't brag I let the streets tell Po'-po' now you see he fell [DMX] {*overlapping last line*} Uh, uh, now you motherfuckers  know what my name means when you hear it in the streets (uh) Y'all bitches fear it cause you weak You wanna hear it? I make it speak (WHAT?) You ain't ever bust a gun, but there's a lot of greasy talkin (uh-huh) What the science behind that son? (I don't know) A lot of easy walkin I bust shit down (uh) got down (uh) kick down (uh) shot down (uh) Ain't tryin to talk about what I got now, but I got now (WHAT?) I ain't never sold a brick, I done stuck niggaz up (c'mon) And for talkin too much shit? I done fucked niggaz up (uh) It can get "Dark" for real, and I think you already know that (uh-huh) Well think about it with the brick in your hand before you throw that Now don't act, cause actin might get you rollin with what you ain't ready to handle (UHH) All that's left of your memory, is a candle (WOO!) It happens quick fast nigga, to bitch ass niggaz Talkin reckless behind your back, them kiss ass niggaz (uh) From the rap shit to the street shit, I keep shit tight Let them cats spit that weak shit (What!) I'm DOG FOR LIFE! NIGGA! [Styles] (Sheek) They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra jails and extra cops 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra chains and extra watches 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra guns and extra blocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra jails and extra cops 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra pits and extra glocks 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) They gon' need extra chains and extra watches 	(They wanna Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde, Ruff Ryde) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jadakiss, Styles P. Album: Year of the Dog... Again Song: It's Personal Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [DMX] We all got guns, we all got dogs We all gon' make that trip to the morgue We all find it harder to see through the fog We all know the difference between right and wrong We should all live life by one fact Before you doin dirt, the dirt gon' come right back I seen cats go out like suckers I seen cats get down like, "Yo, them some bad motherfuckers" I see fake niggaz and the games they play Aiyyo, I deal with that bullshit e'ry day But that ain't gon' stop me from doin what I'm doin I got things beside bullshit to be pursuing It's that craft for me, the half of me Let through niggaz in the door after me Yo, somebody stop me; please, somebody come and get me If I go, I'm taking niggaz with me! [Hook: Styles P.] - repeat 2X Dog nigga, Ghost nigga Hop the bar with the toast nigga It's like the Lord getting close nigga It's personal, now we gotta smoke niggaz It's personal, now we gotta host niggaz [Styles P.] (Dog nigga, what up!) Nigga fuck the cop and the warrant You get a chance, poppin, informing All I need is a glock and I'm touring Hit every hole in the wall, have me a ball And then slide the fuck out in the top of the morning If you hear me cockin it on 'em, I'm poppin it on 'em I don't fuck around nigga, better stop it and mourn 'em And who the fuck asked you to rhyme? I'm the Ghost, when I come around, they throwing up the hazardous sign And you ain't around chemicals, just around generals Who spend, passing they time, blasting they nine Rather die with my man then the five for ya livewire Spend half of ya time, smashing ya spine Other half we getting money and more money You think about cars, I got "goin to war" money That P and that dog money, we still in the front of the store, money And if anybody slip, they getting sent to the morgue, money [Hook w/ Jadakiss adlibs] - repeat 2X [Jadakiss] It's like lately I've been feeling so weak at the knees And speaking to niggaz is just like speaking to thieves So I keep the hawk ready to eat 'em Guess already? Then meet 'em I'm fair game, but I'm ready to cheat 'em The streets ain't right now, the Colgate White is light brown These niggaz ain't nice, they nice clowns That's why I'ma start layin them right down And have 'em there layin in the casket, ice down Jacob watch on 'em, mortician must've been hazed up 'Cause you can see the makeup spots on 'em This is way beyond ya Avion The Golden King, more like Polo Spring And what makes it even worse, aiyyo it's that it's personal Maybe even ya Earth can go I'll make it where they can never find the bitch Right outta the bar, with all kind of shit [Hook] - repeat 2X [Outro: Styles P.] Yeah, y'all niggaz can get caught up in the hype if you want Bodies drop over here, this is not a game man You wanna get caught up in the hype again? Then you can fall in the hype again This is a movement, Double R, nigga you know what's up And if you don't, you gon' get to know what's up Yeah, we ain't playin wit' y'all niggaz this year '06, '07, and on, nigga what's up? Pop off! You know how I work! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ The LOX, Mase Album: It's Dark and Hell is Hot Song: Niggaz Done Started Something Typed by: kid2001@earthlink.net [Sheek] Yo, ayo let's get papers and pop Mo' with holes up in skyscrapers In condiminiums, overlooking our drug capers New York City, know only way to play is gritty I want cheddar, so we can front up in the 850 My whole commity like to puff L's and look jiggy Who wan' test this? My semi leave you chestless And ain't shit that you can say to me when you be breathless Young, but I done did shit that you won't do So go ahead wit the bullshit you blab about goin through I got niggaz who pump on yo' block and in yo' spot Who sit next to you? Protectin you? But they'll murder you, playa Don status, nigga we gettin chipsesis And bad bitchsesis, frontin, frontin in eclipsesis [Mase] Ayo, Mase and The Lox We takin knots from the out of state spots Any nigga make it hot, get found in vacant lot You don't really wanna come try, the one guy Who stay dumb high from blunt lye The rack of sing-sing alumni Who got more beef than a Islamic farm So I pack enough sonic arms to neutralize atomic bombs It's not a nigga in your gang want it My AK slay gays, spray strays wit niggaz names on it Often I bug, then we'll soften a thug Have a chump coughin blood, fill his coffin with slugs Yo, you know I got enough guns to wreck a nation Any nigga wave a Tec at Mase, and, have a explanation You bring your crew and em and I'm doin em Then I'm beatin em down with aluminum Then I'm puttin two in em You can't touch me, I've been devil sent, wanted for embezzlement A lot of other things, but that's irrelevant [Chorus: repeat 2X] [Styles] If you love the money, then prepare to die for it [DMX] Niggaz done started somethin [Styles] You can lay in the flames, or hug the sky for it [DMX] Niggaz done started somethin [Jadakiss] Yo, check out the kid that get coke like Sosa Never turned down chocha, be in the Costa Rica, sippin margaritas wit a mami Cleanin my Tommy, showin love to my army Whenever The Lox find rippy blocks, we kill em Yeah I hear niggaz, but I still don't feel em And this for the listeners, and prisoners And them jealous rap cats that prefer dissin us My 16's be so real, you can feel em in your vain Like Ramello's pops from Sugarhill J be the cause for the kiss at your wake Cartel lips, spittin clips at your face We started from the bottom You'll see bad niggaz pardon, whatever We can do it at the Garden Word life, this shit is real big I'm makin niggaz blow trial even if they not guilty [Styles] I want a palace for my thugs, wit oriental rugs Green bags from drugs, get wacked for the love Twenty niggaz batter me, still couldn't shatter me I'm only gettin up, splittin up your anatomy Official lock family, grants niggaz handin me I want the finer things, and I hope you understandin me Sittin at the table, plannin and plug the fan in Let the sweat dry off and then grab your cannon Think you smartest, and retaliate the hardest, regardless If you a thug or a rap artist, respect me like Pesci and if rap was hockey, I be Gretzky, puffin Nestle Any ya niggaz done started somethin Actin invincible like you god or somethin If you god, then I'ma make salat til you rot And if you a playa, then play for everything you got And if you a thug, then start bustin off shots And if you a dog, you better bite before you bark [DMX] Don't came at me wit no bullshit, use caution Cause when I wet shit, I dead shit, like abortions For bigger portions, of extortion then racketeering Got niggaz fearin, fuck whatchu heard, this whatchu hearin How much darker must it get, how much harder must it hit See if your hardest niggaz flip, when I start a bunch of shit I like pussy, but not up in my face, so gimme three feet Cause when we creep, no more than three deep, niggaz see sheep Bloodhounds found your shit buried in the mud Following traces of gun powder, residue and blood A positive ID is impossible, so you know John Doe is what they gon' be puttin on that tag on yo' toe Now who gon tell yo mother, her baby's under a cover in the morgue Stiff as a log, sniffed out by the dogs Son of a hard headed nigga that wouldn't listen so you got whatchu came for [Sheek] What's that? [DMX] Surgery wit the chainsaw grrrrr, I hit the fuckin streets cause like I said before ain't nothin goin down until I eat Mu'fuckers think it's all about impressin bitches and stressin bitches Well, I'm testin bitches game, adressin bitches, and caressin bitches And dealin wit mu'fuckers on all levels What I'm dealin wit is all devils, fuckin with snakes Runnin wit niggaz you call rebels I got an army of 730 niggaz, dirty niggaz that come through and worry niggaz 30 niggaz that like to bury niggaz And scary niggaz get it all the time cause what they got is all of mine Your man was talkin shit until I pulled the nine And if I don't know you, I don't fuck witchu And if you wit my man, then he gettin stuck witchu and gave it the money Cause I just lost my mind when he crossed the line Sent his back through his chest then I tossed the nine, boss of crime Black Gotti, I stack bodies wit the black shotty Bitch-ass niggaz who act snotty Get it These niggaz is for real These niggaz ain't playin This ain't no fuckin game You think we playin? Ruff Ryders Grrrrrr The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ 50 Cent, Styles P Album: Grand Champ Song: Shot Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX] Grrrr... ARF! ARF! [50 Cent] Move on over, I done told ya boyyyy I'm a G-Unit motherfuckin soldier boyyyy And when you gon' get it in your brain The gate's wide open and the dog's off the chain I be that yung'n with that gun-ness, tellin ya stop frontin I be that yung'n on the run, after I pop some'n In the Bible I read, death is of the tongue And if you talk about death enough death is gon' come Jay taught me how to flow, they shot him in the head Randy ass was there, now he runnin scared Some say I'm gangsta, some say I'm craaazy If you ask me I'll say I'm what the hood made me Now I can stunt 'til my ass dead broke like J.D. Or put a hundred grand on e'ry nigga head that play me See I'm cool with them Hatian mob niggaz {?}Tu say sapa say mavule{?} and rob niggaz The media be tryin to make a nigga look bad, whassup with that? See my flick, next to bring Papi and Cat And Montana, I kill 'em with the grammar I enhanced in the slammer after bangin them hammers X whattup? (AIGHT!!) [Chorus: 50 Cent] You don't live that, you shouldn't say that Cause what come out your mouth'll get you SHOT, DOWN Throwin your money around and we don't play that Get in our line'll get you SHOT, DOWN (nigga) We know where you hang, we know where you stay at That bullshit you on'll get you SHOT, DOWN Here's a few clips that you shouldn't play with G-Unit, Ruff Ryders'll get you SHOT, DOWN [DMX] Aiyyo, fuck y'all niggaz talkin bout, think you playin wit? Double R, G-UNIT, the same ol' shit (WHAT!) Put the faggots in the ring, watch 'em all quit All y'all niggaz is pussy, suck my dick! Ain't nuttin but a handful of man still standin I remember 50 in a cypher when Onyx was "Slammin" (AIGHT?) Now we meet again, it's all good my nigga Back to the street again, it's all hood my nigga Knock on wood my nigga, we both walk the dog We ain't get to where we at by luck, shit was hard (AIGHT?) But once we got through the trials it's all smiles 'til a big type nigga all of a sudden get wild Now why you gotsta go and take me back to where I came from? I'ma make you remember, where you know my name from (YEA!) 45th Street, and BLAOW-BLAOW Ave I done ran through your crew and only let off half, nigga! [Styles P] Yeah, word, yeah If your head ain't offa your shoulders (uh-huh) You ain't get shot, you got nicked nigga (just nicked) Cause if my chrome hit a piece of your bone It's gon' do more than chip, nigga (a lot more than that) Yea, what the fuck is the problem The Porsche is red the buckets is Army 30 shot handguns the gutter is starvin (yea) Niggaz like me might rush your apartment (word) Bloodstains'll fuck up your carpet, brain on the window I smell murder every time that the wind blow Tie him to the chair and then knock out his chinbone I don't want the throne or the crown, I ain't sellin up You can have the jail or the ground, you ain't in hell enough I'm the one that flood the gutters Better tap your man, and let him know P'll love to cut his And niggaz is gettin shot down, two guns up Double R, S.P. holdin D Block down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Jadakiss, Styles Album: Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood Song: We Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jadakiss] Uhh, used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me Used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me [DMX] When it rain, niggaz get wet, so stay dry (uh) Don't cross me, I compete to snake eye (woo) You just lost me, like yo' shadow in the dark (uh-huh) Fucked around and forced me to hit the shadow with the spark (UHH) Blew your shit apart -- now it's two halves of one nigga "Look at him," I said after a few laughs, "Dumb nigga! Stupid is as stupid does -- cocksucker (WHAT?) And look what being stupid does, get you shot sucker (WHAT?) I let you get too close and you bit me (uh) I told you nah for too long, you tried to hit me Thought you was wit me (uhh) Well you might as well forget me, cause from this point on (uh-huh) it's war, it won't stop until one of us is gone" (c'mon!) I'm still mad at myself for lettin that shit go down (UHH) Somebody shoulda told me, I was fuckin wit a clown (aight?) And I think they found and let.. you.. nigga.. drown .. you know how shit get around Chorus: Jadakiss (repeat 2X) Used to be my dogg, you was in my left titty Screamed RYDE OR DIE, I thought you would die wit me Found out you a bitch, you can't even ryde wit me 	(Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah) Now it's a war, and you ain't on the side wit me 	(Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah) [Styles] Aiyyo X fuck them niggaz, them niggaz ain't your dogs Better treat like some cats and shake they ass to the floor Been seen the foul shit, put the guns in em Lil' wannabe you's, so why you run wit em? You can't trust niggaz no further than you can throw em You don't wanna murder the niggaz, then you blow em He usin yo' style, that make him yo' child  Then he shouldn't make a move til he hear it from yo' mouth We don't allow snakes - runnin wit dogs  Tell them ain't nuttin like a funeral that's gonna be yours Double-R, and I ain't here to start trouble God  But if they wasn't your niggaz I woulda BEEN hit em hard Niggaz look like they phony (what) sound like they phony (huh?) Run around actin like motherfucker's homies We all make mistakes, that's part of the breaks  But you can still call the apes, we bringin the duct tape and the broomstick -- them bitch-ass niggaz is gettin raped Know how we ride, whoever on they side can die And we ain't tryin to be blind, fuck eye for eye Cause we only takin yours, you know the doggs you motherfucker Chorus [DMX] There was always somethin there, but I just couldn't touch it (uh-huh) Wasn't somethin that would hurt me, so a nigga said, "Fuck it!" (uhh) I let it slide, laughed and joked let it ride (true) Now that you done killed it, I’m glad that it died (AIGHT?) It's aight, I know where you live, I'm just waitin (uhh) til we knock on your front door, and let you meet Satan (c'mon!) That's what you get for hatin -- FUCK YOU FAGGOT! (WHAT?) I never did trust you faggot -- I'll bust you faggot! (WHAT?) What you done forgot about the streets is this: (uhh) You do a drimy nigga like you do a grimy bitch (AIGHT?) You just STOP fuckin wit him, you got no more rap (uh) No more, "Yo whassup D?" No more dap (uhh) Be lucky if I don't spit in your face, off of G.P. (WHAT?) AND WHAT? Bitch-ass nigga, you can't beat me (woo) Don't take it as a loss, just take it as a lesson Next time think twice, or get iced wit the Wessun NIGGA! (Nigga!) Chorus [Jadakiss] C'mon 	Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah 	Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah (UHH) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Eve, Jadakiss Album: Grand Champ Song: We're Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered*} Ruff Ryders ("They're BAAAACK!") [DMX] This is what you're tellin me, okay It all comes down to this huh? Okay This is what you fuckin tellin me? That this is it? Okay (GRRRRRRRRRR) How many slugs should I plug into yo' chest before it's get filled Since you ain't got nuttin else to do but get killed Been a fiend every since I found out how a slaughter taste Empty a clip of hollow tips into yo' daughter's face Cause that's just the type of shit that I'm on Collect my dough, make the fuckin hit and I'm gone I ain't never gots to worry about the aim Infrared, to your head, will make sure, I hit him in the brain BLAOW! One mo' time for good luck - for what?! He was already dead, what the fuck?! I be, breakin my shit up OFF in a nigga When I don't see, nuttin but SOFT in a nigga Fuckin coward, I wonder how it - feels To have to look at your moms - squeal, after I hit her with the steel Ill, that's how a nigga blows shit up Believe whoever I hit up, will never get up Tell me, how it's goin down nigga If I'm bein a fuckin clown nigga (yeah) Take a couple of rounds nigga, I keep a toast real close In case I gotta turn the rest of yo' peeps into ghosts Fuck it I'm ready for combat, with a gat that'll make any nigga, become a meal for the fuckin rats There won't be nuttin left of money but a soupbone Big Motherfuckin DMX from the group home [Chorus: DMX] Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk Niggaz don't mean what they say when they talk Niggaz lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Eve] Since the first day in it, I made a promise to myself I was gonna make it happen, that's the way I felt You know Philly never scared, play the cards we dealt Doin it my way, you bitches strugglin for help I hear your rumors and your so-called beefs But it's a different story any time we meet in the streets I'm fully in it bitch, your shit is juvenile to me We can squash it, go 'head let you warm up the crowd for me I hate to even be like this, y'all bring it out To tell the truth it excites me, I scream it out Sick wid'dit, ain't a bitch that can get wid'dit Admit it, I'm that bitch you can't live wid'dit And I'ma keep it comin long as I'm here Pitbull, back at'cha neck, I'm hearin them cheer E-V-E is what they need in they life, I'm bout mine Now I'm done wit'chu, fuck out my face, wastin my time [Chorus: Eve] Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk Bitches don't mean what they say when they talk Bitches lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Jadakiss] Nahh! Uh, yeah, aiyyo I got a wet haze, coke, and a p-blow block But y'all still missin the point like a free throw shot Get it? This ain't some'n you learn, this is some'n you earn Turn it up and give me some'n to burn That boy 'Kiss is a hell of a man Treat your life like a cell phone, so try to get a helluva plan Cause most dudes left the hood broke A couple knew what they was doin, so they came back like good coke Down South they'll tell you 'Kiss is good folk (that's right) Up North I hit my niggaz off with good smoke Out West they ridin with me, now I'm back hard I'm just worried bout the rats that's in my back yard Hated by many, confronted by none I trust two guys, one's God, and one is my gun Jada is the nice guy, 'Kiss is the monster D-Block and Double R is my sponsor [Chorus: Jadakiss] Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk Cowards don't mean what they say when they talk Cowards lean a certain kind of way when they walk [Jada] Fuckin cowards! [DMX] Niggaz can't be fuckin serious, y'all niggaz pussy Niggaz pussy - y'all don't like it? BRING IT, BITCH! Just a lil' some'n man, to let y'all know To niggaz know man, matter of fact Matter of fact y'all niggaz, excuse my back man! Straight up y'all niggaz, pardon my back! I ain't got no rap for no sucka-ass niggaz! Five time motherfuckin champ! Five times! BITCH! Touch that! Then holla back! Motherfucker! A nigga done had this rap shit I'm out.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ Styles Album: Opposite of H2O Song: Drag Shit Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I make my block move like earthquakes, they call me sandman Cuz while I smoke this up, I got coke to cut Leavin niggas so doped up, they chokin off they throw up Can't even see straight, leanin like they need V8 Nigga call a g eighth, jail I can't see me in A year's too long it's only shorter you got three in I run with niggas on the run from 25 Y'all only heard me for 18 months, already I wanna spray shit up Keep braggin about your cars I'ma see drama before it happens When I roll up hard, you wonder what the fuck cab I'm in Cuz I can pop up and peel back and all I can promise is peel caps With holes, like the bullets was damn near pose I see your Lex duped out, your sunroof's out Now look at me droppin three in your dome two to your mouth Leave a nigga head blowin his horn, with his signals on Don't lie before a snitch call cops I'm fall blocks See I spit hard cuz I know that's what y'all want Y'all aint said it first, I'm droppin with a odor out my trunk Now what the hell is that, you smell that? All you see is a shoelace teared up from the back Like I'm fishtailin a Ac And who I sound like? C'mon dog my voice drown mics But nigga don't compare, stop talkin and come here You know where I be at, BX and nigga bring that I already got mine, the only difference I pop mine nigga HOOK: Styles Paniro Ruff Ryder nigga, carry the pound Get engaged with these bullets, then marry the ground Drag dash On the fire is real We don't talk about guns, we will pop our steel You don't sound like us, get down like us Make a nigga mom frown like us, we Ruff Ryde Til I say enough died, I'ma still bust mine Finished with the pound, then I'm startin with the nine [Verse 2] I don't sound close to niggas, niggas runnin around Rollercoasting niggas, I make post of niggas When I put the toast to niggas Let me see y'all niggas run, cuz when I tote float niggas And deep throat niggas Spit flame, drop of a dime, drop of a quarter I'm the real reason why niggas rush the border They dont plea 'bout they freedom, they just wanna see him So I can speak words to tease em, and mislead em To have 'em smuggle me guns, smuggle me drugs Fuckin with thugs, cuttin niggas up just out of love Drag buy guns in New York, hell naw! I got cubans send me cuban cigars for these bars So fuck y'all cuz all I could tell y'all the rest is no tax I'm fire so y'all could never be no macks Last nigga touched that couldn't get his skin back Came in in all white, left out in all black When I pop mine, my bullets ignore stop signs So when you feel a burnin sensation, know it's clock time You know like 2 to 6, or 3 to 9 9 to 12 and under that, aint nothin but shells Pick em up, throw em right at myself Tell a kid this is for every bad month that daddy sent to hell Those that wanna be like, shoulda just been Mike And when you see me in the streets, we could do it like Nike HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ Jadakiss Album: Opposite of H2O Song: Opposite of H2O Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Yo this nigga Drag-On burn niggas, flame niggas, potch niggas Sautee niggas, skin scorch niggas You could be any complexion, black, caucasian We spit razors in kiloid faces Like ear to ear, eye to eye, lights out Cross the throat, couldn't say you gave her mouth to mouth Better keep your teeth togehther cuz when we put our heat togehther We tie em up with they vest and hit em up all in they chest We stack ones, trick on bitches, fuckin bitches Leavin bitches, don't have no problem buckin bitches I kill a chick steal from my crib Right in front of her child, with no feel for the kid Gon kill that bitch Not now, but right now, go 'head nigga, do it! Blau! All up in her nightgown Feed the crib, Fed description, kid wit no meat on his rib But keep the heat by it, so when y'all creep keep quiet HOOK: Jadakiss You can stand the fuck up if you fire your gun nigga But sit the fuck down you aint firin one nigga Yeah we set fire in cribs, and fire in whips Y'all niggas use the fire when you cookin your bricks Other niggas use the fire when they lightin they spliff I want my tires on fire when I'm pushin a whip I put my block on fire with the product I sell It's the Opposite of H2O, hotter than hell [Verse 2] While y'all niggas pop the Mo', I inhale smoke out the optimo Choke, hydro til it's time to go Cheeba my smoke, I plays ping pong If y'all hooked on phonics, that mean here's ten buy your own chronic We buy cars, 4, dot after it, get gas in it Go fasten it, then crash in it Me and Jadakiss, truck kiddin with the chip Burnin up and make em..., sorry officers I only got my permit To the fake cats, who shank niggas, break bats Stay 'woke, cuz make hats, take naps Put him to sleep faster than a needle I come with four niggas stuffed in the beetle With some bats and beat you You a bad bitch I had to meet you, had to pop it Bounce, before I fuck broads I unlock it And back to the block to check the spot quick We snatch niggas reups and hit em for they bodies Tell em keep the profits HOOK [Verse 3] Yo, first it's Drag, dash, On Then it's the cash, fuck it all I've been in cabs Not alone, but with the mask, with the heat Drop me on 42nd street, quickly With the crackers, tell em pack it, out they pockets Hurry up, all this walkin around I'm gonna stop it This gun I'm gonna pop it Cuz at this time 12 pm my gun is all you might be seein If you sight seein You might be in, a hearse, then casket, then church Then you aten(eaten) by the maggots Fuck you hatin bastards It's over for y'all niggas once Drag take his mask then Y'all know it's straight platinum Earth, wind, water, the 4th yo, is the Opposite of H2O That's one of the elements I use to melt the mic Ryde or Die, well we gon Ruff Ryde and keep the family tight HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ The LOX Album: Opposite of H2O Song: Ready for War Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Styles Paniro] Yo, yo I could keep my eyes closed, still reading the signs Young niggas think they hungry then you feed em a nine Might kidnap they ass start feedin em swine So I don't feel bad when I gut em like a pig Beat him down, stomp him out, cut him like he big You hear the attitude I say fuck being humble You act like a animal you stuck in the jungle Niggas don't care if I'm poor or rich So I don't care about these niggas and the law and shit And I'll probably get shot for being a wild nigga You'll probably get shot for being a foul nigga Let's talk about slugs and the drugs we deal Boys fight, men kill, get they money and chill Real recognize real I aint sayin a word Doin 80 in the M that means I'm stayin in third With a bitch playin shottie AK in the third [Sheek Louch] Don't worry bout what I make worry 'bout can you escape Cuz when I bust my guns bring more action than roll take Nickel your hallway, I got aim from far Y'all can't see me like the tints on the president's car I know niggas don't like me and my friends wanna flip That's why I'm on some extra all about Sheek shit Your money, Sheek shit, your bitch, Sheek shit Only thing I'm gonna share is these bullets here Bitch ass that's for frontin now don't say I never gave you nothin I'm greedy, go head, don't say I never saved you somethin Pack gun nigga but don't want no stack I drink straight liquor til I forget where I'm at I don't play no games nigga, drugs my 'cupation In a building hustlin that's Sheek's play station Motherfuckers wanna ride by and ice grill Change that to ice dick, show me motherfucker that you can kill HOOK: Styles Paniro 17 shots in a clip, 28 grams in an ounce Everybody bounce, 26 inch hues on a truck 36 O's in a key, everybody ree Murder One felons with the glocks, 24 hours on the block Bodies gettin dropped, 5000 niggas actin live 5000 niggas gotta die, everybody better ride [Jadakiss] Y'all niggas better find out who's your man It don't work in the hood you could fool your fans Few bullets in your jeans soon to ruin your plans Then I show up at the wake and boo-hoo at your fam If you like me you never'll fail Live by the three rules you make it, or be dead or in jail And I aint really got much but I'm up on cats And Kiss don't just spit I throw up on tracks Double R now bitch you see the princess cut I'm in a 2000 big boy the tense is up Y'all niggas is soft, catch me with the semi Underneath the Fendi, sweater, skully, and scarf Make sure you don't say nothing to Jay And keep your dirt, I don't smoke nothin but hays I'ma do this the old way get it while I can get it As much as I can get then I'ma go my own way [Drag-On] Ayo I keep my guns like laundry I dump a load, make niggas fold, watch em die, and let em drip dry Gon spill pints from niggas, my rapid fire put niggas in black attire Stuffed in the hearse, then dumped in the dirt I live eternal, cuz if Drag pass away I'ma come back with wraps on my face, blastin an eighth February 8th, that's the day You better cop like it's crack, or get masking taped til you suffocate Bitches, y'all gettin your feelings hurt 2000 I aint fuckin no more, I'm makin bitches jerk til I squirt All my bitches work, like upside down from the poles Lift that skirt, give this dick what it's worth Double R, see the icicles on the chest Hungry niggas come snatchin, I throw bullets run catch em Ruff Ryder scene Drag the fire But we could take it swingin them irons til the bangs is flyin HOOK 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ Styles P Album: Hell and Back Song: Respect My Gangsta Typed by: twiztid_artizt@yahoo.com Yeah, what up? New York City, what up? This your boy, to the Dash S.P., Double R Hell and Back Styles straight out the penn [Styles P] You don't like my shit you could bite my dick I got a case, I'ma fight my shit I got a blunt, I'ma light my shit I'ma chain smoke with cocaine sellers Stick up kid took the game over Niggaz hate death, still gotta break necks I'm at the dealer coppin shit they ain't make yet You think you're nigga happy, I'm just trigger happy Phone ring a lot, niggaz throwin figgas at me I got major plans, you get in the way And your throat is the place where my banger lands You don't wanna anger me, upset me or startle me You don't want a part of me, I'm goin for the arteries And I'm a colt-45 user, G-Host to the game of death You about to die loser This is Holiday and Dash-On We burn a whole fuckin house down so I don't need a mask on [Chorus: Drag-On & Styles x2] You don't respect my flow you gon respect my gangsta Or get stabbed with this motherfuckin banger Tell 'em P You don't like my shit you could bite my dick I got a case I'ma fight my shit This for the streets [Drag-On] Nigga don't think cause you hot today you can't be in the fridge tomorrow If you a family man I'll send you back your kids in a jar You bought your soldiers, nigga I was raised with mine I got three kids, four, five, but I raise my nine I'll have yall niggaz missin your moms Then let you find her wearin long sleeves but missin her arms And ain't nothin for me to twist ya wig All I gotta do is puff some weed then listen to B.I.G Then come back and level the city I got my money up, my band is thirty, my bezzle is fifty My vest weigh fifteen, bannana hold sixty So I can run slow and hit you up swiftly Extort rappers, they break me down half of their check I keep a banger that'll break down half of your neck I done been through hell and back, jail and bail me back Drag and S.P.'ll blow off half of your chest [Styles P] It's like a kodak moment come capture this How I motherfuckin fracture shit, yall niggaz talkin blaphemis Motherfuckers we make classic shit, matter fact I'll mash ya shit Yall niggaz like potatoes to me And I might be high but you look good with a halo to me And I ain't got a problem wit a problem Fuck 'em cause I know he gon die with a nine in his noggin [Drag-On] Yeah, Drag back with the Ghost You know what that means, more vests and a lot more toast I'm a lot older plus a lot more violent Tip of my guns covered, it's a lot more silent My niggaz pop off off imposts Murder ya kinfolks and we ain't even fuckin start wildin So be cautious nigga or be in the coffin nigga Cause we'll bring it to the hardest or the softest nigga [Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drag-On f/ Jadakiss Album: Hell and Back Song: Tell Your Friends Typed by: ttwilightk@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Drag talking]  Yah, I'm back niggaz Ha Ha y'all don't think the kid gonna come back y'all crazy                                                        [Drag] I rock a Burberry hood, my hood is very hood My gat is solid metal, my bat is heavy wood Drag is under rated, my coke is heavy weighted Y'all wanna be a blood, well that's wut I'ma soak your face in Coughin up blood, I soften up thugs I make a nigga show me love or throw me slugs I'm in the club with groupies, and groups of threes                                                  So getting ran up on the block by a group of Dee's I've been shot three movies, my deal comin soon                                             I'm past sellin crack I got pills comin soon And I'm not no dancer, my moms got cancer  So I aint celebrating shit, until these doctors get the answer Prolly never get a Grammy never get an Oscar                                         But I got a twelve foot fish tank with Piranhas and Oscar's I aint gonna ask who shot ya, nine times out of the ten I know who did  I know your bitch, get at 'em Kiss [Chorus: repeat X2] Tell your friends, I'ma tell your friends (my friends) We can be friends, on the weekends (be friends) You know the ladies love gangstas with paper (weekend)                                Especially when your team wining like the Lakers  [Jadakiss]                                                                 Fall back respect, learn how to love a nigga You only alive, on strength of another nigga I've been nice all my F'in life A big house I only slept in twice Rhymes so dope, that it should be kept in rice The mistakes I've made, shall be corrected in my second life Nigga I be in the booth relaxed, I seduced the track And beat it up like I produced the track So another line bout a gun motherfucker  And I'ma pass one to you, blast one through you You don't got adrenaline, ass run through you I run through cash, cash run through you I could do the job myself, only way I prolly ever be broke if I rob myself I don't know wuts worse a hate or a fag Double R D-Block daddy, Jada and Drag [Chorus: repeat X2] Tell your friends, I'ma tell your friends (my friends) We can be friends, on the weekends (be friends) You know the ladies love gangstas with paper (weekend)                                Especially when your team winin like the Lakers  [Drag] I was hated by many, loved by few But respected by all, so fuck all y'all Y'all doubted my skills, I never relied on this deal I don't give a fuck what y'all feel, foreal foreal This rap shit is nothing but fake love, alotta fake hugs I rather go do a jook's , to feed my thugs Cuz I could look through a nigga, like a glass shield See he aint real, my flow is like acid pills or pcp                                    I'm like Morgan Freeman, the way I make tracks lean on me I got a house my walls is plush, my floor is plush Drugs by the barrel, in case it all get flushed Spring is back, along with Drag I juss coped a light jacket and the longest Jag I'm who you nigga love to hate, but glad I'm back Y'all heard X is retiring, but Drag is back [Chorus: repeat X3] Tell your friends, I'ma tell your friends (my friends) We can be friends, on the weekends (be friends) You know the ladies love gangstas with paper (weekend) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drunken Master f/ Jadakiss Album: Drunken Master's Drunkenstyle Song: The Formula Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Drunken Master] High energy, flowin' wit' the wisdom Chedda like a rich man, ridin' on the rhythem This is what I'm usin' to make your woman smile So I interact wit' the crazy Drunkenstyle Got 'cha nervous for a second, then you start grinnin' when you recognize this nigga Dre can't be faded Call me Drunken Master. D-to the R-E Bitches ready to LEAP on my dick when I make it Never catch me slippin' 'cause I'm heated on the regular Huntin' niggas sown like my name was Dre the Predator Don't get it twisted, I still chase the cashin' Bring the beef and I'm the first to start blastin' Mashin' wit' my nigga Willie Will Drunken Master Entertainment, niggas know the deal Ridin' wit' the talents that my momma had born to her Drunkenstyle '99, nigga. This the formula [Jadakiss] "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the deal out there, ya heard? This is Jadakiss representin' L-O-X, ya heard? Wit' my man Drunken Master, Drunkenstyle, ya know? Keep bangin'." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Bun B, Juelz Santana, Pimp C Album: My Ghetto Report Card Song: White Gurl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-40] White girl {*8X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 8X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [E-40] Girl girl {*8X*} [E-40] I throw the yola in the pot, let it simmer and bathe Add a little baking soda, make it foam like aftershave I like to serve my dope wet, cause it weigh a hella lot mo' You can smell the residue and the fumes from next do' Ughhh, turf superstar, microwaves and pickle jars Portable digital scales, custom painted muscle cars Pimpin where the razor blade? Use a safety pin What they goin fo'? Nigga what you tryin to spend? When it's a drought I just sit on my dope and wait for the prices to skyrocket and rise like real estate I got that ice cream, that candy, that girl, that white white white My car's a Charger 2006 Hemme, tight tight tight I'm a d-boy, BOOTCH, I thought you knew Just like ehhhhhhhhhhh'ry motherfucker in my crew (BEOTCH!) Bundle in the bushes, chopper up in the tree AK'll light up your chest like E.T. [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [Juelz Santana] Uhh, now let me introduce the world to my girl She white, she bright, she shine like a pearl And I ain't talkin 'bout Lindsay Lohan I'm talkin 'bout that sniff that blow man, what that one hit that'll get you open Might make your nose bleed, if it's potent So if you're not ready, homey don't tamper with it She the chick who had Tony Montana slippin She so bad she make you mad But soon as you get mad, she make you cash That white girl, but she ain't always that light She ain't always that bright, she ain't always that white Nope; gimme one girl, I mean one gram I'll teach how to give a white girl a suntan Put it in that pot, 'til it get that hot Then start to Sir Mix-A-Lot [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [E-40] Oooh! [Bun B] Well down in the Dirty, South to be exact Gettin money with white girls is a well-known fact I like 'em black, brown, Puerto Rican or Asian But nothin bring the bread back like a caucausian Whether, winter fall, summer or spring A white girl's always down for doin the damn thing (fo' sho') Put her on the highway, she ain't no punk Got a white girl drivin with white girls in the trunk (hold up) I ain't lyin, it's the best thing goin When my white girl's around, it's always snowin Momma cain't stand her, tellin me to switch Sayin I'ma go to jail fuckin with that white bitch (no shit) Always around to keep me paid With some white girls on my team, I got it made So if you down on your luck, and got no money Then do what I do (what?) go get you a snow bunny mayne a [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [Pimp C] I got the Pyrex workin with the white girl in it It's the dope Superbowl and nigga I'm 'bout to win it No question marks or commas, nigga we got the scarma When we through with this batch, we goin out to the Bahamas I keep them stiff broads when I'm fuckin with the hogs Cause they never get stopped by the motherfuckin cops Bootch look hard but the bitch is a fraud Don't like to see me ball, want me to go rock a rock Move around bitch, you need to get out the way I keep a young Suzy when it's time to move yay You need to learn the game befo' you try to play Cause like Calgon, them laws'll take you away So I keep me a snow bunny, ridin in the front With a triple zillion head and a platinum cunt Ya already know they eat nuts like a squirrel Let me hit ya in your ass and bust nuts in your curl White girl {*laughing*} bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ Jadakiss Album: Stop Playin' Games 12" Song: Stop Playin' Games (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, bootleg210@msn.com [Jadakiss talking] Trust me on this one Jerry I know a little bit about the engineering thing too ya heard me I'm bigger than self, I'm bigger than self Live one baby, ha ha Expect the unexpected, Eightball good lookin' out [Jadakiss] Uh yeah, uh yeah, uh yeah, Stop playin' games ma (Stop playin') You know my name ma (Mwa!) Ain't nothin' changed (Ah-uh) Shit is real still the same ma (Yeah) I sill live it up (What) Still kid it up (Ooh) I still rock the big R piece glittered up (Let's go) Might fuck you up (Nah) Might cut you up (Yeah) Might take the clip out and gun butt you up (Oh) I love gettin' brains (Uh-huh) I love flippin' caine (That's right) Love all my niggas and they love me the same (What up) This is D-Block (Yeah) Keep ya heat cocked (Uh-huh) Or pull ya knife out and make a nigga meat drop (Let's go) I'll never cuff a bitch (Ah-uh) I'll get another bitch (Uh-huh) And on the spot make her eat another bitch (Ha ha) Let's take it Down South (Let's go) Let's take it Midwest (Come on) I know where you stay (Yeah) and where ya kids rest (Yeah) You know my name yo (Kiss) Stop playin' games ho (Ha ha) Cause I ain't afraid to put fifty on ya brains ho (Ha) [Eightball] I pull up with my niggaz, you know it's on and poppin I'm the fattest mack, so everybody watchin My Timbo's ain't scuffed, hydro, I got enough That kind that make you choke, everytime you take a puff Them real playaz chief it, nothin but ballers keep it You could smell it on my clothes so it ain't no secret Rag on my head, braids to the back Gimme that Grey Goose, and put that 'gnac back I'm on another level, bitches I got several Don't try to rob me, I got that heavy metal You in the dirt now, you underground now Can't make a sound now, you wanna clown now? [Hook: 2x] Stop playin games ho It's about that money you makin You playin games ho Ain't 'bout no talkin or fakin Stop playin games ho It's about the life you livin You playin games ho Look at all this money you missin [Eightball] Yo what's the deal pimpin, I'm so for real pimpin I get my Cinderella with unbroken seals pimpin I flip a big truck (big truck) with some big rims (big rims) I get my dick sucked (dick sucked) When I pull out the Benz (pull out the Benz) Switchin CD's (CD's) watchin DVD's (DVD's) Now MLK (MLK) in my SUV (SUV) Pigeons jockin me, they wanna ride wit me You gotta be down ho, like Bobby Brown and Whitney I'm not gorilla pimpin, but I keep them killas wit me Yo you for real nigga, think you can deal wit me? You got a couple of guns, you know a couple of dudes You need to shut your mouth, this what you need to do [Hook: 2x] [Eightball] Listen carefully, lemme tell you somethin This song is dedicated, to niggaz out there bumpin Talkin too much, fakin, shakin, frontin You got a lot to say and didn't nobody ask you nothin Might get yo' jaw broke, might get yo' wig split Might get yo' car shot up, might get yo' dough kicked Might get you kidnapped, might get yo' neck snapped Don't get your feelings hurt thinkin this is just a rap To all you little mamas, that wanna get my number After the show is over, you wanna come on over You wanna sip Mo', you wanna smoke 'dro Ask me twenty questions, this ain't no talk show I'm not ya boyfriend, I'm not ya husband I'm not ya sugar daddy, I'm not ya best friend Don't need no best man, don't need no wedding band Close ya mouth, and listen close to what I'm sayin [Hook: 2x] Stop playin games ho You playin games ho  [Repeat 8x] Stop playing games ho.. Now stop playin (I ain't playin wit y'all!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ The L.O.X. Album: Eve-olution Song: Double R What Typed by: mc_paul_yang@hotmail.com [Intro] Jadakiss: What up what up what up, yea! Styles: Eve let's do it again! Hahaha... [Verse 1: Styles] Yea it's the ghost Jada and Eve I squeeze my shit, I don't wave it and leave Y'all motherfuckin' extra lame Here's the game, when I shoot seeds, your man can catch your brain He looked a hero when he drove the taxi in the hallway Shootin' niggas down if they clothes is tacky Get an 18 or brick and my clothes is khaki And the Porsche got a glass roof The blunt got a live purple haze in it, little bit of hash too See me when I pass through, fuck around and I'ma blast you Do what I have to, tryin' to get my math too I leave a message, ain't a phone I use I call my niggas, bat 'em down, they bones I bruise Leave 50 niggas dead, niggas know my groove Another 20 more engine niggas know my tools I got a gun, you need to stand fo' FUCK YOU BRING YO' MAN FO'?! [Chorus: Styles, Jadakiss, Eve] Styles: S be the ghost, Double R What First come the hawk, then next come the toast Jadakiss: K to the R Double R what Send mad cowards on they way to Allah Eve: E-V-E, Double R What First lady, I just point, they squeeze Ryde or Die, Double R What Better keep your hammer right by your side [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I gave you the best flows On top of that, I even made niggas set goals I wanna know how many bullets can your flesh hold Thirty-two, or whatever the tech holes My dirty crew rather hawk you to death rather than talk you to death 'Cause listenin' is like livin' when yo' talkin' is death So y'all better start readin' before you start bleedin' And the odds was against us before we got EVE-n Niggas in the hood don't give a fuck if you rich Or drunk with the Prince CD own, bumpin' a kiss Nigga frontin' I get my you in the pump kinda hot out Hit the button put the roof in the trunk Play the block with the Royal Blue 45 and make your mouth leak Can't fuck with NY Get my diesel from South Beach you ain't got a ride, getchu a cab ya' bitches is mad Eve got the shit and smash [Chorus: Styles, Jadakiss, Eve] Styles: S be the ghost, Double R What First come the hawk, then next come the toast Jadakiss: K to the R, Double R what Send mad cowards on they way to Allah Eve: E-V-E, Double R What First lady, I just point, they squeeze Ryde or Die, Double R What Better keep your hammer right by your side [Verse 3: Eve] I'm a savage bitch Ain't nobody gettin' close to this And ain't nobody flipped and wrote the shit And can't nobody sit and coach this shit You feelin' lucky? then aproach me, shit I'm like the glass, you just the coaster bitch; Under me! You wanna make it ugly, can't do nothin' 'bout it Angry at the public, buggin' me Rat bitch, pot bitch, hungover hot bitch Wantin' all that money, fuckin' gettin' all that rock, shiiit Scared of who? huh, we goin' get rid of you Climbin' the walls wit' gimmicks, that shit is pitiful Dawgs close by me, so why try me They wan' cop me but they too sloppy Damn, I gotchu stuck in a box You feelin' trapped, got your stomach in knots 'Cause I ain't lettin' go I keepin' it locked I know you gettin' mad 'cause your luck's up Plus I'm a purebread, baby, I don't fuck with mutts Come on! [Chorus: Styles, Jadakiss, Eve] Styles: S be the ghost, Double R What First come the hawk, then next come the toast Jadakiss: K to the R, Double R what Send mad cowards on they way to Allah Eve: E-V-E, Double R What First lady, I just point, they squeeze Ryde or Die, Double R What Better keep your hammer right by your side (Instrumentals until end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ Drag-On, The LOX Album: Scorpion Song: Thug in the Street Typed by: Digital_Thug_3@yahoo.com {Drag-On} I be the D-R-A-G dash ya niggas foot slim cuz bullets make your feet fast we throw babies in the trash Drag don't play with little gats crib like McDonalds nuttin but Big Macs and quarter pounds  bitch place your order now stay in line I only fuck with broke niggas that stright depend on crime you straight pussy so fuck your ass cap cuz in jail they'll put your cap where your ass at you ass black projects thats where Drag at yea ya got heart but if I don't got my gun thats where ya gonna get stabbed at boy as a young I never grabbed that toy Drag was taught to grab that and ask "where the cash at" {Sheek} you think we shoot his pocket sides deuce decuce and 25's you ain't takin' em' nigga you threatenin' lives I ain't frontin motherfucker I don't shoot no legs I'm tryna see if your brains really look like eggs or is it just that commercial your brain on drugs now it's a total different look from these shotgun slugs to get rich it could take less than two days I'm like them little beepers halfs and bullets two-ways fuck vests my shit go throught toupèès I'ma thug in New York and when I'm on your set we the apartment where they filmed good times at bitch what the fuck I'ma thug nigga Chrous:(2X) I'ma thug in da streetz and I know what to do if you fuckin with me I'ma fuck with you I don't give a fuck now I'm doing my thing like a motherfucking dog I'm doing my thang {Styles} weight on my back hate in my heart  blood in my eye foot on the gas blunt in my mouth lovin the ride hand on the gun ear to the street back to the wall mind on my money while I'm clappin at ya'll {Jadakiss} I got niggas in jail crack in the hood hustle in south fiends and customers that run in your house I got family ties  I'm handy with knives I live my life in the ghetto nose candy and nines I'm deeper than most sleep wit it close wake wit a demon have visions of the whole  world shaking and screaming {Styles} I was born to be a leader but if the game was dirty I was born to be a cheater you talking to me greasy I was going to get the heater {Jadakiss} you tell me what you know about blow gettin dough and straight warrin' with a meaner frontin in a Benz or I was soarin' in a Bima {Styles} lyin in the cut the gun is straight running like a tire on the trucks if he is real or a liar put the plyer to his nuts or the fire to his guts {Jadakiss} cuz niggas is too soft that heat make niggas cool off fuck ice I'm tryna cop the crew lofts {Styles} So we can be back in effect I throw the barrel to the back of your neck and hop back in the vette (corvette) {Jadakiss} cuz everybody is a felon with loot cuz they say rap is like dust {Styles and Jadakiss} and we the only ones sellin' the juice Chrous:(2X) I'ma thug in da streetz and I know what to do if you fuckin with me I'ma fuck with you I don't give a fuck now I'm doing my thing like a motherfucking dog I'm doing my thang {Eve} bitches is so sick they throw up so scared they don't even come around in places that I show up go ahead nigga put your dough up me against who nigga grow up bitches choke can't even get their flow up I ain't got no fear bout you bitches in da industry actin all confused don't know who you supposed to be chickens lost steady worryin' bout who's dick is tossed stop stallin betta get this thing before it's gone but I ain't mad cuz I ain't gon' pass it on callin' askin can you get on my shit cuz your cash is gone you won't get no sales off of me bitch please pitbull run with dogs  I don't like fleas Chrous:(2X) I'ma thug in da streetz and I know what to do if you fuckin with me I'ma fuck with you I don't give a fuck now I'm doing my thing like a motherfucking dog I'm doing my thang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ Styles Album: Scorpion Song: That's What it Is Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Eve] They usually hate her when she comes around Huh, first lady mobbin nigga hit the ground Next break into that who we what a sound Heads boppin, never fails once the Doc's around Hatin the fact that she do things on both sides But never disrespect two rings round both eyes, right? Lady like in many ways Because in trust I can be crazy like on any day Some do they dirt but best believe in time they pay Do believe in lettin shit chill til the promised day Huh, seems they just fade away I love it cuz them clowns they just paved the way Left it wide open got no time to play Mad cuz shit changed got no time to stay Considered snobby then just hate me I don't give a fuck Considered sloppy to me you just need to give it up... HOOK: Styles Eve don't give a fuck about you That's what it is Eve is the hottest bitch That's what it is But she gon' stay ladylike That's what it is But I'ma act crazy like That's what it is Think I got your house shot That's what it is Think I got your car burnt That's what it is Think I got your people robbed That's what it is Cuz we don't give a fuck about you That's what it is [Styles] I aint got a moment to waste I'm tryin to get to your head, so I gotta make room in your face And they can't see your eyes or your nose Why P? Cuz 4, 5 slugs is consumin the space This is Holiday you need, you fuck with the Scorpion I don't stop poppin 'til your body don't breathe Clap more than the audience, after the show Stab more than the butcher, and I'm kinda righteous So I'ma help you pray for the Lord when I push ya She the First Lady, I'm the ghost with the gun Aimed at your son that'll love to burst crazy Ruff Rydin the clique, come up outta your shit Get clapped in the wig, sold alotta records But we never gave a fuck so it's a wrap for the kids Gat to the back and the ribs We the hood, even Holiday bitch that's what it is HOOK [Eve] Broke out and got grown, holdin her own That bitch come strong, give up, dead wrong I don't even fuck around 'less your head strong Aint too many that's around that can match they mind blown Can't figure her out Is she street, sweet, gutter, I'm from the hood Alotta y'all niggas gold This bitch two million sold And I just figured that I'd make it known Baby girl got the whole world in her palm, alone Watch me rock, got my lip cocked Spit fire, watch it better duck, you stuck, you crossfire Thought you was the realest you said you caught liar Any time you at where I be, I'ma try you HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jadakiss, M.O.P., Paul Cain, Styles Album: Street Dreams Song: Keepin' it Gangsta (Remix) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Jadakiss] D-Block [Styles] True indeed [J] Double R [S] Yes, true indeed [J] Desert Storm [S] True indeed (Sheek Lu' where you at?) [S] True indeed (Haha, You know how we doin' baby?) [Jadakiss] (Styles) Keepin' it Gangsta, uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh, yo How many men could you kill? (Let me count all the bullets I got) Many bricks could move, (you can say 20 a block) Many niggas'll ride (you could fill a football field) (How much money you got?) You think I signed a football deal (My nigga give me the word, I'm gonna kill that lane) You know major league niggas play the kidnap game Have the kid missin' for days, listen and pray (And I'm kill 6 of your niggas, 6 different ways And we still got exza of rhymes) Still gangsta (Try to run up on the guy, that send your legs to your mom) And we still got kilos of coke (Ruff Ryders to the death, ride or die nigga we know the oath) That's why I'm tryin' to send this metal through your head Cause you got me curious, you probably look better when your dead Nine by the spine, (5th in the holst) Scum bag it's them D-Block boys, daddy kissin' the ghost (Comin' through like the "Matrix" in the A-6 Triple black leather, six-speed, with the gray stick) Give me the safe, I spit at your face Double clip in your mug, then have SP hit it wit mase (And we just caught burners and do me I'll say this) Your little niggas lookin' up to me like the walls in Green Haven Keep heat and we shank ya, (rob ya and say thank ya) Now that's keepin' it gangsta (keepin' it gangsta) [Chorus - Fabolous] Ya'll know who Keepin' it Gangsta We come through Keepin' it Gangsta Ya'll know how we do Keepin' it Gangsta My whole crew Keepin' it Gangsta [Fabolous] (Paul Cain) Yeah, ok, uh, yeah, uh, yo We your favorite gangstas, favorite gangstas (do better both) Before these slugs sink hitters, weighs like anchors We don't own clean guns (all our skets is dirty I toss bullets, New York niggas gel like Testaverde I don't keep the scope on the ratchet And for the dope I'm gonna catch it) Make sure the joint ain't point blank so they can't open your casket My whole crew (got glocks on 'em) In a hurry to shoot, (like they put shot clocks on 'em) All that gossip we blast, better see if they possibly has A V12 ambulance that will get you to a hospital fast (We done came out the cages in shackles I ain't call a pager to track you I'm loadin' up gauges to whack you We been riding together And us back and forth), it's like puttin' Saddam Hussein and Bin Laden together Soon as you get a crumb, they wanna bury ya That's why I travel with a semi, like Eddie in "Coming to America" (Silencers, it sound like it's hummin' when I'm airin' ya Won't know you hit, 'til your body start numbin' in that area) The kids don't want to see the toast of mom and daddy Plus we rather be roastin' Charming fatties In a toasted armor Caddy (And we come through, with chains glisten and thangs spittin' Hollow shots'll leave your brain missin' Ghetto F A B (and Paul Cain nigga) We gettin heaps of complaints for Keepin' it Gangsta (Keepin' it Gangsta) [Billy Danze] Hey yo, we represent them down ass niggas (OK) M.O.P. (OK), rip rounds at you clown ass niggas (ALL DAY) B Day nigga get up off snooze (*snoring noise*) Don't make me put your gangsta on the 6 o'clock news You ride in a what (what's up), don't get it fucked up Or twisted, cause you'll get it twisted and fucked up And die in that truck (be cautious when your walkin' through, be careful who you talkin' too, comes the boom) It's the livest motherfuckers of the century You niggas is killin' me, you got to be kiddin' me (ah ha ha) Ain't nobody takin' it and makin' it Extra like dust, throwin' they ass on the record and bless it like Gus (NOW) now about them weak flows, keep those, we eat those As far as meat goes, we keep those, the street knows The MO (MO) P is what's up We in the cut, Brownsville is heatin' it up (COME ON) {Lil' Fame] Yo your ego, why still spit lines that your bitch Play C low, and spit four five's at your six Ya'll don't really wanna lose your life So I'm gonna smack flames out ya, pick ya money up and roof ya dice Yo, you done know were we from (FROM) soldier, come (COME) soldier Jump (JUMP) soldier, you been found and your whip's slumped over With your gangsta ass, dead and your gone Iced out, chain out, with ya brains out, head on your horn (*horn noise*) You (YOU) know (KNOW), who (WHO) be Keepin' it Gangsta With a truck full of goons that fakesta And the Brownsville niggas from the past That run up, put a hammer to ya gut, and tell ya drop it in the bag You gangsta, Paul whatever (haha), cause for real if I ever ever (what) Ever ever catch yo ass flippin', I'm gonna pop a collar (BOOM) Woo mack and when your bitch holla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Jadakiss, Remi Martin Album: My Lifestyle (Promo) 12" Song: My Lifestyle (Remix) Typed by: BigJaYmoS@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jadakiss] TS Double R baby, D Block Joe Crack this is history Who got the most cars, most guns, most bitches And I don't gotta pull the trigga I just blow kisses Niggaz love Jada that hate rap Upstate tryin to get they weight back Bout to go to k-sack Cause I made niggaz believers My voice my flow that helped your faggot ass get in the league And I ain't gotta suck dick to sell records get all outta caracter and scream and yell reckless Listen to me; I'm the cat that'll sit in a tree And shoot the dog in the head while he shittin and pee And I'm just so cool; I prally could snatch Trini from Usher in a club in Atlanta wit no jewels You always was puss you never was hard You know who it is Ruff Ryders and Terror-the-squad And make sure you remember this My lifestyle remix; 'Kiss, Joe Cracks and Remi-nisce Y'all wanna live my lifestyle Never seen a brick never seen a crack house Wanna war with the Don have your macs out Bring it on and I'ma show you gangsta [reapeat] [Fat Joe] Hoddie down wit the mac Boggie down where it's at Fuck around hear the sounds of these gats Wanna clown? we react (come on) fuck dat Don't you know what you do when you fool wit Joey Crack I'm still the realest y'all just pretend that you Claim to do shit that we don't remember Always thinkin that you running the streets Now I'ma leave you leakin under a sheet(what) Fuckin with Joe Crack is costly No gat can off me They learned that when I sold lacks at 4th street A few dudes crippleanother 2 vegi Its more than obvious this terrorsquad crew deadly What could we do to stop it? everything new he cop it convertable blue 6 before you knew they drop it And even if they didn't wellyou would just assume he choped it My lifestyle the shit man it's truly poppin [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Remi Martin] yea yea yea I catch you backstatge you already know whats gon happening Ain't gon be no applaud just a whole lotta clappin You can't live my lifestyle lemme catch yor ass rappin First bitch to spit a verse first bitch that I'm slappin Tell me how these clowns gon laugh at me When I'm flyin pass the ass pushin a pourch to it's capacity you see me where ever joey crack be pretty have niggaz sick like oh shit thas remi ? Yup Straight gangsta (what) straight music all that hype about your album and it ain't even do shit You might have a gun but you sure don't use it And if givin the opurtunity you prally wouldn't even shoot it I'm the bitch in this rap shit so fuck all you wack chicks I'm directin this movie and your just an actress They wanna what? [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash, Kanye West Album: Pride N Joy (S) Song: Pride N Joy Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash] And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! [Verse One: Fat Joe] (Kanye West) (Well then she's still my pride and joy!) Courtside at the Knick game who the don?! Plus I worked on your kick game Louboutin Bercon bags made of python She a beautiful nightmare (Turn the lights on!) So I can see that ass Word to Martin Louis the King (She free at last) (Word to my nigga Joe Crack you let her hold some stacks) Yeah before we go to the club she wanted golden sacks I let her get the gold card I'm a hold the black (I let her get the black card I couldn't hold it back) 'Cause back in the backyard she used to hold the crack So I cut them other hoes off like the coldesac Uh! Now how cold is that [Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I ain't never fucked another like this, I need, some more You 'gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy What's goin on with me and you, is real, for sure But you' gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy Before you steal my pride and......joy! [Verse Two: Fat Joe] (Kanye West) I hate that I have to, share with another yo But she love women and she keeps it undercover yo And I love women so she brings 'em under covers yo Fight then we fuck again I swear I really love her though (Well it's still my pride and joy! joy! joy!) +Don't Wanna Be A Player+ I could find another Joe Just to prove I love her I use rubbers on my other hoes And if she ever find out it be another blow And that only mean that I'm a have to hit another sto' (My pride and joy!) Spend another knot, hit another lot That's how you know if you in love or not Bought her moms a whip on mother's day Now I gotta get her the same whip her mother got Pass the Nuvo Mach! [Chorus: Roscoe Dash] I ain't never fucked another like this, I need, some more You 'gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy What's goin on with me and you, is real, for sure But you' gon have to show me more, before you steal my pride and joy Before you steal my pride and......joy! [Outro: Busta Rhymes, DJ Khaled, Jadakiss, Miguel, Mos Def, Roscoe Dash] And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! And even if she all about the money I don't really care! Care! I got alot of money it's enough of it that we could share! Share! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway f/ Busta Rhymes, Jadakiss Album: Free At Last Song: Walk Wit Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Freeway - talking] Holla at ya fuckin boy I know it's been a minute my niggaz But this the official return of Freeway Early! And if you ain't walkin with me Then you must be against me And it's goin down, we ain't takin no prisoners That's right, that's right, okay! [Verse 1 - Busta Rhymes] HOLD ON! Now tell me who the fuck you thought it would be I'm in the booth with a quarter water, recordin with Free It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be  Nice with the spit, pay attention you ain't more important than me! You need to get it right bitch, YOU AIN'T KNOWIN, see it's the God yo See most of you niggaz is corny with your corn on the cob flow Wells Fargo bread, ship it like cargo I'm shit and got 'em sick while I'm whippin a Monte Carlo I let the sparks go, what you tryin to step on my Clarks for? (Clarks for) It's cold in this bitch, you better put on a scarf ho Stayin close to the money, duckin the Narcs so I can keep a whip in McLaren's, while I pull up and park slow When I get the itch, I go fuck a bitch down and park slow The God's dope and you can't defeat me, it's hard, I'm one of the last of Allah's hopes Chain big with an ugly pendant a nigga drippin heavy in a long rope They'll name you after my aimin at you through a long scope They need you like the reaper done came to greet you in a long coat You'll all choke  While I'm spittin (givin you bars), swallow and digest it like I was livin up in your mom's throat (mom's throat) Then I float Back and forth through the hood, lockin the city, so pity you and your squad bro If you ain't heard when I last said it - the God's dope These niggaz think they can stand a chance when testing me, AW (NOPE!)  [Chorus - Freeway] (Walk with me) (You walk with me) (You walk with me) You should walk with me It's Freeway, and I'm rebellin, you should walk with me I got the whole world walkin with me, stompin with me Yeah, they Million Man Marchin with me, every city Walk (walk), haters y'all need to walk (walk) Cause I'll leave you chalked (chalked), if you fuck (fuck) with me I got the whole world walkin with me, stompin with me Yeah, they Million Man Marchin with me, every city [Verse 2 - Freeway] Uh, take a walk with the dyin skills that define art Move with lethal straight from my mind's thoughts, I define smart Nigga try me, I leave 'em dearly departed Civilians or artists, arsenals' awesome, I leave your man chalked I am Noah, I will kick you from the damn Ark Feed you to the fishes like spare parts, don't you dare start Boa constrictor flow, constrictin your air lines Like you out of space with no oxygen, tell your man HALT! I am royalty, play with me, get your man sparked Throw him in the oven like ham hots, 'til the man rot Or it's off with his head, off with his dreadlocks My mom cooked yayo and boil eggs in the same pot So I'm still reppin but excellent at the same time Tell 'em stay away from open fire, the flame's hot! The gate's hot, but they vacate when the gates pop Niggaz dropped my man, bust blank shots at the same time No discussion, I will bust with the same nine Niggaz say they bust when it's game time, but they will not They still wish on the wishin well, but my will's hot Niggaz prayin I flop, I still wish 'em well Roc-A-Fella's the team, your team's not sellin Y'all sellin the streets dreams, the dreams in a pot Me and Busta's keep it clean, we not tellin a thing If a nigga tell on me, I'm lettin off shots [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] AH! yeah, uh huh, AH! Nice work, gun work, you should see son work Dead serious or fun work, either one hurt Yellow gold, white gold, platinum, yappin 'em If he even think about movin, put a cap in 'em Real shit, fake shit, hate shit, snake shit Knowin something don't belong to you and you take shit Head shots, you and you, graveyard funeral And I ain't comin home 'til June 2022 Real humble, mad smart, got heart, had heart Another nigga raisin my seeds now, the sad part Good guy, bad guy, mom's cry, dad cry All I got is stories to tell, how I was mad fly Jack Mack, Tuna fish, all I could do is wish  And wait for this bullshit appeal, but it's foolishness And the jailhouse lawyers talk with me It's cool, but I need somebody to walk with me (Walk with me) (You walk with me) (You walk with me) (Me, me, baby girl) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Jadakiss Album: New York Minute (S) Song: New York Minute Typed by: AZ Lyrics In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York) [Verse 1: French Montana] You can get your neck broke, face cracked, laid flat And give everything that you made back, 8 clap Make a sunvisor out ya wavecap Pray that New York Minute'll bring Mase back Shame that Remy took 8 flat, you know the game wack And every last rapper here tryna bring the name back It ain't rap, niggaz better stay strapped Or you could call the stick-up boys, try to get your chain back (In a New York minute) They thought the game was over When B.I.G. died, then the homie Hov took it over (In a New York minute) They shot Pac 5 times Years later, them boys took Shyne (In a New York minute) That ain't even the least Akon signed the hottest nigga in the streets We gave swagger to the game Still and all, everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York) [Verse 2: Jadakiss] You could get your wig clapped, kidnapped, bitch-slapped A 2 to 4 could turn into a 6 flat, if that C-4 to your moms front door, gift-wrapped Whole fanbase could start thinkin' that your shit's wack You could be at the gas station and get ya whip jacked Get yapped, pay a nigga bread, get ya shit back Right back, everything could change, just like that Get pulled over on your way bringin' that white back (In a New York minute) Rappers stopped sellin' Kim did a year and a day for not tellin' (In a New York minute) Fox went death in one ear too, shortly after that she did a year or two (In a New York minute) I beat the case, not enough evidence Get ready to see a black President (In a New York minute) You can download a whole album Now you see where these niggaz get their style from In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj Album: New York Minute (S) Song: New York Minute (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics (New York, New York, New York, New York) (New York, New York, New York, New York) In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) [Verse 1: French Montana] You can get your neck broke, face cracked, laid flat And give everything that you made back, 8 clap Make a sunvisor out ya wavecap Pray that New York Minute'll bring Mase back Shame that Remy took 8 flat, you know the game wack And every last rapper here tryna bring the name back It ain't rap, niggaz better stay strapped Or you could call the stick-up boys, try to get your chain back (In a New York minute) They thought the game was over When B.I.G. died, then the homie Hov took it over (In a New York minute) They shot Pac 5 times Years later, them boys took Shyne (In a New York minute) That ain't even the least Akon signed the hottest nigga in the streets We gave swagger to the game Still and all, everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) [Verse 2: Nicki Minaj] Look back, fightin' for the spot but I took that Now all the kids with a Nicki Minaj bookbag Bitch I been hard since my car had a zig-zag Low pink Volvos, these bitches is bozos Oh-nos, eatin' them ding-dongs and hohos I was just tryna bubble, get past slow-mo I ain't even ask for them XXL promos I remember how it felt when them Twin Towers fell I was in the Trump Towers lookin' for some shower gel (In a New York minute) Rappers are just beef Stack Bundles'or be deceased (In a New York minute) Brought my man down Before they even get a cap and a damn gown (In a New York minute) And there gotta be a heaven Cause Sean Bell'll never get to make it to his weddin' (In a New York minute) But a star will arise And she'll originate from the streets of Southside [Chorus: Nicki Minaj - Sings] In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) {Everything done changed} [Verse 3: Jadakiss] You could get your wig clapped, kidnapped, bitch-slapped A 2 to 4 could turn into a 6 flat, if that C-4 to your moms front door, gift-wrapped Whole fanbase could start thinkin' that your shit's wack You could be at the gas station and get ya whip jacked Get yapped, pay a nigga bread, get ya shit back Right back, everything could change, just like that Get pulled over on your way bringin' that white back (In a New York minute) Rappers stopped sellin' Kim did a year and a day for not tellin' (In a New York minute) Fox went deaf in one ear too, shortly after that she did a year or two (In a New York minute) I beat the case, not enough evidence Get ready to see a black President (In a New York minute) You can download a whole album Now you see where these niggaz get their style from In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) Artist: French Montana f/ Charlie Rock, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Red Cafe, Styles P, Uncle Murda Album: Shot Caller (NYC Remix) (S) Song: Shot Caller (NYC Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jadakiss] (French Montana) Eh em! This is the remix! (Montana!!!) EH HEH!!!!! [Chorus: Charlie Rock] (Jadakiss) Shorty got potential (UH!) I could be her sponsor (HEY!!!) Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert (UH!!!) Hair like Rihanna (UH!) shoe game was awesome (HEY!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller  Wanna be with a baller (UH HUH!) shot caller (HEY!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller (UH HUH!) shot caller (HEY!) Could tell by her aura (UH!) she want a shot caller [Verse One: Jadakiss] (Styles P) Yo! Yeah I be tweetin (But I ain't that friendly) If it ain't about money (Don't add me of D.M. me) Everything was crispy (Yeah even the gun fresh) Shorty had the wedge heels on (With the sun dress) Shorty got potential (I could be her sponsor) Whippin in the european (blowin up in Yonkers) Lunch by the water (Fuckin with a mobster) I lay her lay her down like (Like she's fuckin with a chopper) Biggie in the stereo (Baby Baby!) Dolce and Gabbana girls pushin my mercedes (Hair and they nails done) Yeah they was fancy (V.V.S. Diamonds) Not from Delancey Probably from Jacob (Lorraine or Tiffany's) Felt it even more 'cause she chilled and blew the piff with me (Paid In Full niggas like Rakim and Eric B) Bad bitches just like Mahogany and Ebony [Verse Two: French Montana] (*Woman sample) Dip-Dip-Dippin in the Phantom, thought they seen a ghost (WHO!) Try and live life baby 'gon make a toast (HA!!!!) All white drop head just me and Flocka (HA!!!!) My new deal is sweeter then Peach Ciroc (HA!!!!) I took over the streets didn’t miss a block (WOO!!!) Did it for N.Y. baby shoutout to BIG and Pac (BABY!) Can I hit it in the condo?! (CONDO!) Can I hit it in the morning like Alonzo?! Shorty got potential, knew I had to stamp her Ass like Nicki, hair like Amber (*Coke-Coke-Coke-Coke boy baby) Coke boy 'til they bury me (BOY!!!! R.I.P. the homie Heavy D [Verse Three: Red Cafe] I'm feelin good like I just made bail Went platinum in a year off of green weed sales I could tell shorty want a real nigga  That's big in the hood and a hell a big tipper I be the skipper, I ain't the captain I don't save hoes I just fuck 'em in the Aston I mean the rental, shorty got potential I made her ass scream over French instrumental Oooh la la, a wee wee, sak pase, mon cheri Mi nuh like dem, and dem nuh like we Boy my mama pussy killed off my I.V. WHAT ELSE?! [Chorus: Charlie Rock] (Fat Joe) Shorty got potential I could be her sponsor Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert  Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller, shot caller Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller, shot caller (CRACK!!! OWWWWWWWWW!!!!!) [Verse Four: Fat Joe] Shorty want a nigga with cash, a nigga poppin cash Diamonds on Polo, trips to 5th Ave Wanna stunt in the chopper, bitch name Sheniqua Said I hit her mom's way back in The Fever Nigga you a lame, your whole team is washed up I be in the kitchen number one chief rocka Money in the mattress, pussy from the mattress Joey put the ex on guess I'm lookin gassy I love Nicki Minaj I heard she on the market And-And-And I got that Super Bass now how much can your bra fit?! Four door Aston, everything foreign We off to Cadillacs rest in peace 'til we marchin [Verse Five: Uncle Murda] We on to Atlantic City said I'm feelin lucky (YEAH!) Just threw thirty grand fuck it I got money! OOOH I'm gettin paper, them broke niggas hate us When we done in A.C. we flyin to Vegas Get a jumpoff with me, my sex game proper (YEAH!) She look like Beyonce but she act like Rihanna (FREAKY!) I go RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like Busta when he had dreads I'm feelin myself, like I'm Irv when he beat the feds (NOT GUILTY!!!!) Shorty ready to roll after a drink or two She 'gon let me hit it I ain't 'gon take it like Mystikkal (I DON'T DO THAT!!!!) Shorty down to do a menage (YEAHHHH!!!) Blame it on the money, jewelry and cars [Chorus: Charlie Rock] Shorty got potential I could be her sponsor Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert  Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller, shot caller Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller, shot caller The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Jadakiss, Styles P Album: Who You Mad At? Me or Yourself? Song: In or Out Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Funkmaster Flex] Nigga you still on Facebook nigga, answerin people Shut the fuck up! Nigga I'm out here digital app website all of that Page views is my middle name nigga FUCK YOU [Jadakiss] Yeah yeah yeah yeah! I just wanna know one thing! Who you mad at? Me or yourself?! SUCKER!!!! [Sample from "One Love" by Nas] (Jadakiss) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (Yeah! D-Block!) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (NYC!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  [Chorus: Sample from "One Love" by Nas] (Jadakiss) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (Salute!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (Y'all know what it is!) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (EVERYBODY!!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (NO EXCEPTIONS) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (LINE UP! YEAH!)  Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (WHAT!) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (EH HEHHHHHHH!!!!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (UH!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] (Styles P) For years we had one of the best recipe on the market He runnin 'round like he a soldier (But he a target) Alot of your careers was over (Before they started) It take a special nigga to know this (Where your heart at?!) I'm pullin up in the club I'm in a spaceship (A whole nation of thugs that embraced this) These niggas tuckin their tummies and gettin facelifts (They still tryin to ball) I'm James Naismith Yeah! Twelve cylinder pushes And this bubble gum rap (Is just killin the woofers) And you know I'm blowin the haze (Dealin the kushes) (Tek on the dresser) AK still in the bushes Settle it in the street (We ain't tryin to do court) Scratch offs (Bootleg liquor) loose Newports (City is mine) The home teams who I root for) (All time) Two three eighty nines in the Coupe door (The dark comes) The sun goes (I try to be dumb low) 'Cause these crack babies is gung ho Flossy touch your funeral (In the front row) Give 'em the new Jordans (Then lettin the pump go) If they can sell it (They can sell it) Put the pressure on more than likely (They'll tell it) Smokin on that loud (Can't see it you could smell it) By the rides with (Same niggas that you fell with)  Money in the mattress (Guns in the couches) You thought it was wrong ('Til you ended up) Out here WHAT! [Chorus: Sample from "One Love" by Nas] (Jadakiss) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime  Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (IT'S 'BOUT TO GET UGLY!)  Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (HA HA HA!) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (DON'T GET SCARED NOW! Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (EH HEH!) [Verse Two: Jadakiss (Styles P) Yo! Told you I'm the top five the other four don't count (Catch me on the dope count) Nigga ship the dope out (Niggas got guns) So go 'head and pull the scope out (Tryin to get high) So go 'head and pull the smoke out (If niggas got bread) Then tell 'em to pull a loaf out (Y'all ain't murkin nothin!) Y'all the niggas gettin moped out (You don't want a problem!) You don't wanna solve 'em (You don't want a pissy ass team with a revolver) Runnin in your mom crib (Fuck around and rob her) Nigga shoot the shot (Like they playin for Gonzaga You don't know the steelo (Money off of c-lo) Took the Diddy advance and went and bought kilos (That was in the nine six) Now we in the one three (You ain't Kim K bitch!) And I ain't Kris Humphries (I ain't gay neither!) I move yay though We just havin fun with the money (Play-doh!!!) Whattup though?! (Let ut buss though!) M-16 ('Cause you a MC Gusto) L.A. weed (Bay weed) All this paper around everything stays green (Big guns) Poppin out the van like the A-Team (Spit artwork) Our shit hard work Before they deal their hand (Take a look at the cards first) A hundred guns (Two hundred bricks) That's mob work [Chorus: Sample from "One Love" by Nas] (Jadakiss) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (WHAT!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (YOU'RE ALL WELCOME!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (YOU KNOW) Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (YOU'RE ALL WELCOME!)  Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime (JUST INCASE Y'ALL FORGOT!) Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines (DON'T EVER FORGET!) [Outro: Jadakiss] Yah mean, never again, all aspects covered  We don't gotta explain what's already understood Cowards! Don't make me tell you again neither EH HEH!!!!! POOBS!!! P!!!!!!! FLEX!!!!! MUAH! I'M GONE!!! [Chorus: Sample from "One Love" by Nas]  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime  Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines  Sellin-Sellin-Sellin drugs on the dime Hangin out, with young thugs, that all carry nines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ The LOX Album: Who You Mad At? Me Or Yourself? Song: Who You Mad At Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Styles P] My niggas say murk 'em I'm a murk 'em I ain't even gonna second guess that shit L.O.X. Nigga! [Funkmaster Flex]: FUNK FLEX! LOX! WHO YOU MAD AT?! {Jahlil Beats, holla at me~!} [Verse One: Styles P] Death comes in threes, you know that it's three of us Money I ain't see enough, weight when I'm rein up I won't even kick it with a nigga, he ain't G enough (uh-uh!) I let the Glock block you if you violate  Homie you a hossa, that's a pig that don't fly straight Big willie shit'll make a nigga eyes dilate (dilate)  Cocaine and her-on spots throughout the Tri-State Bitch ass nigga bet a bullet'll make you gyrate (I betchu) ...My homies ate whenever I ate (word) I'm a crooked nigga, never could I fly straight Living hella proper, dinner in a helicopter Playin "Big Poppa", chillin with the Knickerbockers (I'm chillin) You talkin business, you can talk to me (talk to me) You talkin bullshit, you can talk to him Backward talkin to me, you wanna put a hawk in 'em Food on the menu, he's done, put a fork in him [Chorus: Styles P] (Jadakiss) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (Sixteen and the ratchet, tucked in the belt) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (You should've went and got a job if you needed the help) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (I'm just a dough boy d boy acquirin wealth) Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at (me or yourself?!) [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Aiyyo! My heart is broken (Yeah!) This ain't hip hop no more It's vegetables now spit the art of chokin (Ha Ha!) Lame ass songs I mastered the art of smokin (Uh Huh!) Use to take the train to get pussy in Hoboken Now I'm in that coupe, we all on fire by ourselves But we can sell the Garden out with the group (LOX) Gemstar razor (Yeah!) Still got it locked in the streets If my album was on Koch or a major (DONNIE!) Rozay, Dutch and the dog Jeezy force man I just killed the club You fuckin with the truth, I'm nice in the booth Thirty plus, still I relate to the youth I stay Coke Boy fresh like French and them Niggas know L.O.X. still mention them Wash machine final spin rinsin them (Yeah!) Wash machine final spin rinsin nigga! [Chorus: Styles P] (Jadakiss) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (Sixteen and the ratchet, tucked in the belt) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (You should've went and got a job if you needed the help) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (I'm just a dough boy d boy acquirin wealth) Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at (me or yourself?!) [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Uh, yeah, who, HA-HAHHHHH!! Uh When you become accustomed to winnin you know it's not luck Fool, the word loyalty, L.O.X., a pile of bucks I done fell in love with a Columbian Now they got me runnin out of space to put the money in (haha) Where I'm from, nigga ain't eatin, he ain't hungry then (uh-uh) You already know if they spittin, I'm lungie-in For the record if he ain't dead it ain't a hit (nah) If it's less then a thousand grams then it ain't a brick (nope) If it ain't got a tax ID, it ain't legit And if a nigga ask about me tell him I'm on my shit, let's get it Walk-ups, drive-bys, head shots, high fives I could do the time, I just need a cell with Wi-Fi Big hole, exit wounds, shotguns, my size Same adrenaline rush you get, when you skydive (woo!) I'ma roll somethin up, cause I wanna blow (yeah) But before I go dawg I just wanna know What~! [Chorus: Styles P] (Jadakiss) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (Sixteen and the ratchet, tucked in the belt) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (You should've went and got a job if you needed the help) Nigga who you mad at me or yourself?! (I'm just a dough boy d boy acquirin wealth) Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at?! Nigga who you mad at (me or yourself?!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Notorious B.I.G., The Lox Album: The Mix Tape Volume II - Sixty Minutes of Funk Song: Notorious B.I.G. & Da Lox Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Funkmaster Flex] Yeah, you know I had to get Bad Boy up on this piece You know I had to get Bad Boy up on this piece! Big shot to my man Puff Daddy, Notorious B.I.G., one time! [Styles] I'd rather not breathe than snitch And I love my niggaz not my bitch, Lox pop the clip If the rap game was the dope game I be a chink named Lu Kang, tellin ma I take her on my own plane Movin with, entrepeneurs, who run the law Coke sniffin bitches holdin forts off the wall Back to reality my mentality is fatality Niggaz makin way over they salary I think way out, like a fifty state lay-out Thugs meetin up in one city to have a spray out Cartels bring in they coke, havin a weigh out Kingpins is crowned, blunts is lit Aiyyo Styles don't exist so a cell ain't shit Jail ain't shit, God'll just teach me quick If they put me in a cell then my ghost'll drift Hold my inf, feel my soul give me the strength [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah, yeah, yeah Pop the gat, aim squeeze precisely Where them niggaz at? Them faggots are sheisty See the problem's that, you way too nice please Where that coke at? Fuck where it might be Don't be like me, hard-headed, and stubborn When my gun burn, much hotter than sunburn You got one turn, I suggest you show me the stash to the cash and the blow, yo Wherever I go, my crew, is true to swarm Got stripes in New York like Yankee uniforms When I was born, I know I make the world darker The age of fifteen, tote gats, quick to spark ya Like Bob Barker, if The Price is Right Lay your ass down for spite, anybody aight? Went from eatin no frills cereals with food stamps to Armani materials, coppin Rembrandts [Jadakiss] I got cats to spray for me, honeys that pay for me Money that lay for me, mami, pray for me Cats that spray for me, honeys that pay for me Money that lay for me, mami, pray for me [Shiek] Uhh, uhh, talkin to me doin shit for you, try God Cause after one in your cabbage you as good as retard Mr. Big Style, too cool, I did this to you Whirlpool maxin, lounge to the end Elevator, next stop, Tony and LaFrenz While y'all still fuckin with them twins from Flatte I'm out in Vegas, tryin to strip Stacey Dash Fuck police talk black I don't do shit in New York Too many supercops nigga, you can have these blocks And these hoes, with them cheap ass Parasucos Get some new clothes, then I let you front in my Porsche And give Jay head, til your squeaky voice turns hoarse [Jadakiss] Four minutes and twenty five seconds to your end You know it be the kiss, grantin your last wish Everybody wanna know who The Lox is Cause we ain't spittin nuttin out but that hot shit Burnin trees, sippin mo', eatin lobsters Up in the oriental joint, usin chopsticks Soon we gonna rock gators, hit bitches from Barbados Then all y'all players gonna hate us Cause everything we do stay gettin overlooked Now y'all be shook cause you dealin with real crooks I can't lie for a while y'all cats was on us But now, if you can't beat us, join us We tryin to blow lye with the Sultan of Brunei In it for the cheddar, Gucci slip-ons and sweaters Black M5 with the headers Andrew Mark be the leathers, mob hats with the feathers Whatever, Goodfellas, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Jadakiss Album: The Mix Tape Volume IV: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: I Don't Care Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com Still just happy to be here, y'know? Funk Flex, Volume 4, let's do it [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, uhh.. Two thousand, what, what, yo I be the K-I double to the death and that's that If niggaz half nice, then that mean they half wack Aqua blue Viper, whyn't you try to pass that With bitches that'll snipe you where you buy your hash at I even give daps to niggaz I blast at And y'all gon' give me my ASCAP, or get your ass capped I take the clip out, and hit you with the back of the gun Then put it back in and shoot you in the back if you run Call me Jada, I love to clap the shit out a hater Give my lawyer seven then give him another three later Cause you know it cost a hundred to beat it And I lost plenty fights, but my gun is still undefeated Cause I'm tryin to be around like Boston Baked Beans Gave so many samples out, that it's hard to shake fiends Since a young boy, I was taught to mind my neck And since a grown man, I was taught to sign my checks And I don't want drama, but if you do I'm killin your children Go to any project in the world and chill in the buildin Hit me later, I think not, I keep the glock And drive around with no coat cause my seats is hot Fuck buyin a Range, if I ain't with my son I'm gettin high or either with my niggaz, at the firin range While y'all clown niggaz keep jokin, and get treated like ashes I clip y'all off and keep smokin [Chorus: repeat 2X]  I don't care who you with, or who you get Or what you got, all of that'll get you shot Everybody in the world know Kiss is hot Everybody in the world know Kiss is hot [Jadakiss] Ay yo, I got a lotta shit on my chest  and niggaz wanna put more on it; so I gotta put on my vest You got grazed in the head so that mean you was duckin Seen my shades by your bed so that mean I was fuckin While you was out frontin, I was in, nothin for nothin All in ya honey, walkin 'round countin ya money Holdin ya stacks, in the closet loadin ya gats Feedin ya curs, skeetin all over ya furs Right before yo' ass come home I'm peelin the tar And have the shorties like, "Damn, Jay willied the car" I'm like God, cause y'all can't touch me or see me But y'all know I'm there and y'all know that y'all need me New five wagon, with the old Bebe's And I'm an old G so I listen to old CD's My rocks is so rippy, if you was watchin arms in a party you won't skip me I'm like a nigga in jail waitin so come get me But if the job ain't done quickly and done swiftly you catchin one-fifty Cross your face, then I bang you in the stomach And make sure I go in your pockets after you vomit If that ain't good enough, I'm a light things up Cause they love me in the hood, I'm like the ice cream truck Nigga, this is to the general public When you hear the name Jadakiss nigga, ain't nothin above it Fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Keyshia Cole, Jadakiss, Bun B, Pusha T (The Clipse), Fat Joe, Young Buck, Queen Latifah  Album: Game's Pain (Remix) 12" Song: Game's Pain (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Keyshia Cole] Eyyy-yeaa... (Oh yeah) Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaah...  Heeeey, yeah... [The Game - Verse One] The duffle bags and Benjis spreaded through the city The Lambo's and Bentley's sittin on 20s Thinkin back, when I had the fall blue and black Pennys' Listenin to Faith on the Funk Flex tape (Ah-HEH!!) Like BAM, before Diddy was a mogul I had the low-lows, JBL speakers bangin Total I like the lead singer, the dark one And Biggie had a Benz when I wish I could park one Shed a couple tears when I heard that he caught one So everytime I drive down, wish I'll spark one, for you and 'Pac Wish both of y'all had +One More Chance+ Like I wish 'Ye and Donda had one more dance CRIBS! [Jadakiss - Verse Two] Hah-HEEEEEH!!! Yo, back when it was already to sell ready rock My top two was Rakim and Freddie Foxxx We know, they were both deep dudes The G. Rap came out with "Ill Street Blues" BDP took me all through school And Bobby Brown told us, +Don't Be Cruel+ Krush Groove had us thinkin we was all cool These are the reasons why I'm payin my dues Shoulda saw how your boy was dressed Do it from Grand Daddy I.U. and Lord Finesse Feel some kinda way, get if off your chest Get embarrassed, "It's My Thing", Erick and Parrish Learn how to maneuver, listenin to Slick Rick the Ruler, Dana Dane made me more smoother ...hah-HEEEEH!!! [Bun B - Verse Three] R.I.P. Pimp C Game, let me take 'em down to the South one time Where the cars and the rims and the mouths on shine I grew up on the Geo Boys, talkin 'bout they was from Fifth Ward "Balls and My Word" had me ridin through Fifth Ward lookin for the Rap-A-Lot office Tryna kick a flow and hopin Rap-A-Lot offers me a deal Had to keep it trill so I can bust like E from O.G. Style and Rick from Royal Flush I came up, in the ghetto manye, the G way Listenin to Luke and the Ghetto Style DJ's Poison Clan, Shy-D and the Gucci Crew Dreamin one day that I could rock some Gucci too Breakout, like the Convicts, don't even trip Parked the candy 'cross the pen, bumped the Ganksta Nip Manye, little did I know that the time was comin for me and Pimp to shine on 'em like a +Chrome Plated Woman+ - fo' real! [Chorus: Keyshia Cole] See ever since the day I got the chance to make a change I've been in this game, it's a new day And I'm makin it known 'cause, I just want the world to know I'm payin my dues, and I got the utmost, I just wanna let you know I'm payin homage 'cause, you've paved the way for meeee, ye-yeah [Pusha T - Verse Four] {overlapping chorus} {Okay, yanahmsayin? Gotta understand I'm from Virginia} {Rap money was like a FAIRY tale to me, you know?} It was all a dream, until Teddy Riley hit the scene Floatin through Virginia Beach in ALL the machines EYUGH! - He was posse deep, runnin niggaz Jeep Lambos and the Porches ridin back and back through the streets I was more of Nas, OG's was more Jigga Lu' was like, "How you like the army jacket nigga?" When he wear Versace - young nigga, get like me He was poppin Cris' in 88 when Eric "Eazy-E" Wright/right - I was on the wrong mission Started puple tape {?} in the kitchen, poppa listenin Whoever thought it'll be this? Pusha Tongue, Keyshia Cole, Game on the remix - PAIN [Fat Joe - Verse Five] JMJ, my homey Mac Dre Big L, Big Pun, Big-gie (talk to 'em) 2Pac "Live and Die in L.A." (L.A.!) N.W.A., I used to love Eazy Back when everybody was doin The Hump I was Radio Raheem in Reebok Pumps Used to ask for the mic everytime they fronted Damn, I feels good to see people up on it! KRS, the Furious Five (Waddup Kris?) Cold Crush show me how to dress fly (yep) Latifah "U-N-I-T-Y" This is when hip-hop was alive, Cal-ca [The Game - Verse Six] Clack, cookin, Joe, good lookin The remix is big - BROOKLYN Bed-Stuy, teardrop on my left eye Star on the other one, L, we got antoher one +Mama Said Knock You Out+, so I'ma do it The South gon' love it - chop it {SCREW IT} Slow it down, then bring it back up G-G-G U-NO!! Nigga, it's Young Buck! [Young Buck - Verse Seven] I'm talkin bout Scarface, OutKast, and 8Ball UGK all day is what we would play, dawg I was in the blind like my name Ray Charles Thangs you go through, Game, is what make stars (aight) All of my enemies - I don't hate y'all 'Cause I understand that it's +ME+ that make y'all (what?!) Louie bag luggage, my plane 'bout to take off I'm helpin my people get back what they lost (EYY!!)  Blood of a Black Panther, a born boss STILL gettin letters from the penitentiary "Freeway" Rick Ross and even Lil' Jimmy So if I slip up, I KNOW where they gon' send me (let's go!) You don't! But all the real folk roll wit me You won't! So I'ma hold down yo' city You want me, shawty, now the time to come and get me I'm Makaveli-trained and we on that ol' +Biggie+ - YA HEAR ME?! [The Game] Young Buck, welcome home nigga... Queen Latifah... [Queen Latifah] Whatcha wanna do, baby BOY? (...take me out) You don't want it, you don't know how it goes down (Jadakiss, Bun B, Fat Joe, Pusha T) Ooooooooooh, yeaaaaah.. Yeaaaaah, last night Latifah saved my life OH! Oh - Last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuub... Last night Latifah saved my life - in the club Yeah, last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuuuuuub... In the club - you thought she was a thug You thought she was that, chick that, you, see, all up at the club Last night Latifah saved your life Last night latifah saved your life - in the club (If it wasn't for you, it wouldn't be me) It was ON...crackin.. poppin.. pushin.. But I pulled that and - Oh, snap! Word? She hold it? Oh! GAME in the club.. (*whispers* REMIX!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: the Game feat. Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I., Fat Joe, lil Wayne NORE, Jadakiss, Styles P, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Twista, Tha Dogg Pound, WC, E-40, Bun B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Young Dro, The Clipse, Ja Rule Album: One Blood 12" Song: One Blood (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jim Jones Intro] Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch You know what it is When you see me two twelvin you homie You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch [Jim Jones] BALLLLLIN' Peace blood, peace almighty We all thugs and we run the streets nightly And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out My feary side, where we ride And we all fly high in the Leer G5's So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang! Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang! And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim! It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang! [Snoop Dogg] They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause 21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz We from a different street, all got that different heat But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE! [Nas] Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga I got rappers gettin mad at me I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression [T.I.] You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me? What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL! Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW! Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW! I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL! I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL! Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW! [The Game] Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek She givin one blood, one love, on dubs 140 thousand the first week... UHHH! [Fat Joe] All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it Somebody go and get this nigga a pint box And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too! [Lil' Wayne] 504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key! [N.O.R.E.] New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat Def Jam, they gonna flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in The building no more... It's OKAY! I GET IT POPPIN! Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's Who took believers an opportunity to breathe And you ain't gotta go overseas to see our rap shit You can come to left, round Queens and get jacked quick [Jadakiss & Styles P] (One blood) we used to the spillin (Came from the hood) so we used to the killin Used to the black males (makin cracksales in the buildin) (How else you get the benz) with the suede on the ceiling? (Blood in) blood out (me and homie) back to back (Both loaded workin) we about to pitch a (shut out) I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga) Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga) D-B-(L-O-)C-K, (he spray) The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay) We got a mean team, (Hip-Hop dream team) Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen) Yeah, no security, (I'll put you on the respirator) I'm the bomb, (I'm the mothafuckin detonator) One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug) Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood) [Fabolous] WHAT IT LOOK LIKE? All I say at most Shooters waitin on the word... JUST SAY IT LOS! I let these niggaz live, yes, I saw 'em pull the plug Havin goons pullin gloves, leave the room full of slugs Catch me trafficin, on maroon colored dubs Couple Africans, with balloons full of drugs If they like me, tell 'em line up While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line up [Juelz Santana] Mic check, one two, one two, check I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two on two Let's go, you're eyein us in the iron bus, BOOM! Leak ya, two liters of red juice, hawaiian punch So what you boys gon do to me? I'm born street Your life's sweet, MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!) Mama told me not to play with fire but She never told me I would grow to be a liar [Rick Ross] One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs Save the colors for the cars, see we kill for the fame (Ross) The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross) I'm a heavy better, I'm a heavy seller Keep white in the office call it Jerry Heller Lettin off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick And we gon sit here, wait for the derrelics [Twista] Bitch I got lords and gangstas, show me where them niggaz at Chi got two six's and kings, show me where them killas at Chi got them ballas and hustlers, show me where them figures at Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps! He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppers, nigga He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin, nigga Hurt him in that cherry six fo, shit ain't no stoppin, nigga Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet When I put him in the cemetary then I gotta holler out! [Daz] WHATTUP CUZ?!?! [Kurupt] Yeah rollin with two grips Glock holdin on the hip, rollin wit two clips Got two tiny locos ready to take trips Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips But they know what's crackin cuz, cause as we huddle They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle West coast gang bang, riders erasin em Got funny niggaz raisin up and riders replacin em, cuz! [Daz Dillinger] Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew RIP for niggaz who don't stay true Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran Dwellin in the land of the gang bang with fleshin I'm legendary, yes, yes, a westcoaster Throwin up two C's, wit two guns in my holster I'm from Long Beach city, a crip next to Compton Down wit my nigga Game, if you niggaz want problems From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet ????? to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet Worldwide, get swept away by the tide By G's, and BG's, O.G's, its time to RIIIIDE! [WC] Who the rider, looter through the gutter mayne? Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes! From the westside, strivin to dead em Where them killers throw that third letter up Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin blueberry green Cadillac on blue D's and a blue T Money thick as blue cheese, chunkin up the dub What the west be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood? [E-40] The Bay Area, fuckers, we pop em Open you up if you got a problem Up top, born in Cali-forn-ia Clean your clock, open your can of tuna Make a choice to see the hell or it's heaven Get your chest layed out wit the FM 57 This ain't nothin to do with nobody But in the Yay, there ain't nuttin to do but catch bodies [Bun B] I'm comin straight outta PAT, like Compton in all black But when we say what it do, they never say holla back Bun B, the uh, OG like '95 Air Max Neon green outta fight club off a fair facts Ask the hundreds, it's doable, I done done it At the summit of rap and I'm watchin you haters plummit Run to it or run from it, to Bun it don't differ Wipe the streets with ya like you a swiffer as a gifter, one blood! [Chamillionaire] I'm the realest youngster thats breathin, and I don't gotta give a reason Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin to be competin! My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet till I finish eatin My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin all the room on your tv Like +Eric+ they think its +Eazy+, but it isnt easy believe me Need to make a room in B.E. television if you wanna be me Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G! [Slim Thug] Its one blood if you blood or cuz From that number one thug, its still one love I rep my blue boy team but I do it for green I do it for my folks, vice lords and kings All us trappers, future rappers, standin out on the blocks Tryna get up out the hood mayne, and stack 'em a knot Put ya sets in the air, scream fuck the cops! We gon rep for the hood mayne, like it or not! [Young Dro] My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin obstacles Trappin, I made it logical, my topic is impossible I got a partner named Shoe Strang, cause shorty real crossable Shark meat to Papadough's, cars be tropical All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable I am unstoppable, my calico is toxable Lyrically diabolical, cushion is not ??? [The Clipse] Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue) Never in the wildest, (was he talkin to them) Style on niggaz, (but feel it to the numb) Japanese thread, (brought flavor to these bums) Consider me the savior, (look what the lord gave ya) My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful) Frolic in the snow, so playful (And revivin the track) like we flowin through jumper cables (What duo) you know (get XXL kudos) while coppin off Coolio (Classic shit) we mastered this, (left for dead) I'm back, (I'm Lazareth) [Ja Rule] Shit, one trip, one blood, LA, New York The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up Hands down, can't touch, the flow is a bit much The style, wanna keep up? I advise you to speed up With money movin like coke, these days gotta re-up G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up You see us, in dual seaters and throw it up! Its all hood, niggaz rep your sets if your cuz or (blood) ...Niggaz, we all bleed! These niggaz can't breathe Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part Niggaz that got bullets with names on them! Want em, come get 'em niggaz, y'all know where to get at me Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me You bastards, I'm laughin, bullets stickin in family Who sadly gets torn between one crip and one (blood) Y'all niggaz know me, haha... yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Sheek Louch Album: You Know What it Is Volume 3 Song: Street Muzik Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek Louch] + (The Game) There comes a time, in every man's life When he gon' have to decide, who he fuckin with (You know what it is motherfucker) Who you fuckin with Them niggaz don't care about you Them niggaz don't give a fuck about you Why you rappin like that? This street music! Yo, let's, talk about it what Sheek'll throw the fiend on a nigga guarantee he won't walk up out it ("DJ Ski!") With my nickel plated; kinda old But the muzzle that I use'll make this motherfucker updated Puh, nigga please; if a nigga had your son and had him lookin down the gun you wouldn't need to squeeze Uh uh I don't know, don't wanna hear about the money that you had, or what you did a long time ago Yo yo the hood is mine; I don't gotta sell a lot I just live off more points than the porcupines Fuh-fuh feel me cousin? Sheek been a problem before this D-Block shit started buzzin Some'll say no he wasn't, he turned sick With that women in your family can suck my dick And I been red hot e'ry since I ain't sayin I'm the best muh'fucker, I'm just workin with {?} [Chorus: Sheek Louch - repeat 2X] This is that Blood, Crip, Latin King shit Every hustler pushin a whip (Street music) What? (Street music) What? (Street music) What? (Street music) [The Game] Nigga let's (Nu Jersey) talk about it what Banks say he bustin his gun, but I never seen a spark come out it Now now who's the wanksta? At Hot 97 you called police then called for peace D-d-dear Mr. Interscope, I'll put you in a scope Burst rounds, you the first down like a {?} Eh eh nigga choke, now the talk of New York is Yayo die with 50's dick in his throat G-G-G-shit a joke; Olivia's a man And hot damn there's a fuckin lump in his throat Spit brrrap in my sight If I don't catch you, I'ma catch James Cruz or Chris Lighty Now that that that's for snitchin You don't run through Queens, you call 911 or Supreme I'll put you on to Game, pull a gun on your team This for Compton, that's for Queens, cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GangStarr f/ Jadakiss Album: The Ownerz Song: Rite Where U Stand Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com "Wh-wh-wh-what can I say? Let me explain this to you..." [GangStarr] Yo, I don't even wanna fight with you man I'll lay you right where you stand You can catch a few shells One go right through your polo, man Usually I'm dolo and I gotta crazy team Car kissed the ride on you, watch for the laserbeam Shit, it's that Ol' G Flavor Remind you of a quarter bodega and that oldie behavior All point but I ain't tryna scuffle with chumps My long joints got the culture power plus the double pump Troublesome, to anyone who stands in the way I'll stand and I'll spray, FUCK if ya man is in the way Your girl want me cuz I do it better than you The whole world wants me nigga, I'ma legend to you Like LL, Rakim, Ice-T and them niggaz Like Cube, Snoop and Dre, I'ma be seenin them figures It don't matter, you don't have to be likin me man Keep playin, you'll be layin there, right where you stand [Chorus: Jadakiss] Gun on my waist, knife in my hand I keep tellin you cowards, I'ma leave you there right where you stand I don't wanna talk and I ain't tryna wanna fight with ya man Tryna get it over quick, leave you right where you stand Some say I'm trifflin, sometimes I'm rightfully am But I don't give a fuck, I'ma leave you right where you stand You just mad, you will never be as nice as I am D-Block, GangStarr leave you right where you stand, what [Jadakiss] You wanna know why I invest all my money into haze and into dope Cuz right now, I'm currently a slave for Interscope Respect first, then money - basic shit If you got niggaz under pressure, you could take they shit Listen, I'ma leave you right where you stand Have the ambulance pass ya Timberlands off right to ya man Cuz he pussy, he ain't gonna do nothin but look When it come to beef, he don't wanna do nothing but cook As soon as the chrome scope him, right there, two in the dome Smokin, Kiss keep funeral homes open I fall back, smoke an ounce in the dark Bounce on a Preme track like I bounce on a NARC Keep playin, y'all niggaz will burn and you know they say it takes somethin to happen for niggaz to learn Let the .40 Cal give em a perm This industry is like bacteria and my flow is a germ Just mad cuz you'll never be as nice as I am J to the mwah and I'll leave you right where you stand, huh... "You gangstas is cosmetic..." "Keep playin, you'll be layin there, right where you stand..." "My people from the hood stay on the grind..." "D-Block, GangStarr leave you right where you stand, what..." "You gangstas is cosmetic..." "W-w-w-w-w-word..." [GangStarr] I see you got the fear of God in you We'll tear your heart in two Too bad you didn't know what you got into Yeah, the most righteous, till Malcolm got a close likeness My name carry weight to capitate most vipers Hot rhymes, spit a dime, hit a case beater Flow is angry like I'm in your face with heaters Chasin divas - nah, I don't ever have to do that P.I. till I die and I laugh at you cats You happy perhaps cuz you got dough and bitches But no love from streets only for moles and snitches Only from the meatlapin, suckers won't see it happen Cross that line, then it's time for the heat clappin I do my thing like the whole planet depends on me I got game to make Janet wanna spend on me Some say I'm trifflin and sometimes I'm rightfully am Getcha man, I'll lay him right where he stand The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Sheek Louch Album: More Fish Song: Blue Armor Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Uh-huh [Ghostface Killah] Greasy, razor blades, shots spray, military Armor, keep blaze packed, all day, dog's day Groundhog Day, ya'll bitch niggas got sweet hands, word I know why, why? Ya'll all gay, pop off head Get your top rocked, way across state The pamphlet read, from seven to nine, don't hold that weight Ya'll just bait, I'm a fisherman, I own this lake When I catch fish, I fry 'em, to they back I flake I smash ya'll muthafuckas like a seedless grape And hang niggas like some ceiling fans in K-Mart plates Feel me? Shake double earthquakes, give thanks, give shanks Word to my momma, I cut the grass on you fucking snakes Expose, don't tell, use a mo', round the way Go-Go down, gone with the wind, he's a he-she Bitch ass nigga for sale, like Magilla Standing in the window, with a sign, "Yes, I fuck men, though" [Interlude: Ghostface Killah (Sheek Louch)] Aiyo, Sheek (What up, dog?) Stab one of them niggas, nigga, word up! [Sheek Louch] Aiyo, my niggas is wetted, they drunk and they trying to eat The hammers on 'em, and they ain't out looking for meat I'm jumping out cars, I'm giving you permanent stars Your hardest nigga, you can't compare him to ours I'm sitting on crates, I'm missing probation dates I'm stuck with this weight, my wifey period late I'm hot as fuck, my truck keep getting tailed It's like every week, one of mines getting jailed Forgetting bail, piss test failed Got parole on us, then wanna roll on us I'm at my momma crib sleep, who told on us? I'm sick to death, I'm on fire in the streets Like in Back to the Future, when the car left Ghost'll clap for me, fuck, rap for me Yo, tell them niggas on the Island, get strapped for me Het wet ya, and throw the stocking On his face, like when he first met cha [Ghostface Killah] Yo, me and Sheek drug heads like a bottle of Goose I had my road dogs follow your troops Gorilla game, African tribe, Somalian crew With a flow so sick, my high temperature'll body the flu Crack heads get knocked out, right in front of the school Slap 'em Sheek, wake his ass up, he can't even move Cereal box is crack and ratchets, in the cocaine spot My fiends'll box filled with coke head classics Dope money, flood me rags of kush, heavy drags Bodegas, I'm mad, my older sister Patty's a butch Guns come out like my mother's teeth, watch how I'm throwing heat The leg gravy be steaming over smothered beef From eight-ball jackets to cops and robbers My last drug run, I threw in two bricks to garbage I wash my money in Woodlife, dunyy, sippin' on Folgers Black jewels trucking, still come through bummy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Sheek Louch, Styles P Album: The Pretty Toney Album Song: Metal Lungies Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: sample] World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere [Ghostface Killah] What these clown niggaz hollerin'? What they need to be hollerin', is "There go Theodore!" Put the ball down, we can't score They pen shit to blackboards, make queens out of wack broads You see us comin'? Fuck that Fam shit, just pass off, you bitch Crystal' Dana Dane's wrapped around your neck Lookin' rich, baow, you fucked up now See my gun, nigga? This baby got stuffed uptown Shouted out, made a whole safe with the pump root pounds My buddy, keep my gun, right next to my tummy Ask the click, yo, they spit metal lungies Detach wigs, kill flunkies off contact, sonsee Didn't mommy tell y'all niggaz to wear clean undies? See y'all should of listened to her She knew her son had a big mouth, and some day death would accur Please for Ms. Gale's sake, and her seeds Pass the flurry, ain't fuckin' around, they knocked to her weave [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Uh-oh... (word up) This still... (what you talkin' bout, baby?) Real kids spit that shit.. [Sheek Louch] Let's go, let's go, let's go, yo, yeah Me and Starks clear projects parks With our '93 shit, army coat green and light tan Clarks Niggaz think I'm lucky, bitches wanna fuck me And put me in the tub with them like I'm a rubber ducky I got a revolver in the pump about the size of Chucky I remember faces easy as I tie my laces Here, put the metal in your mouth, like you was rockin' braces I spit an iron lungie, yeah, I'm old school like the Iron Monkey My shit powerful enough to lift a fuckin' donkey I got heavy chrome, niggaz don't care if you live to die They happier than Marbury home Ya'll niggaz better kill me, my street niggaz feel me Louch gotta eat, ends gotta meet The hard shit you kickin' bout is on beat as Tweet This is Theodore, D-Block, the year adore It's son who fall, with the four-four, niggaz like.. [Styles P.] Yeah... nigga this is Ghost with Ghostface I don't sell millions but I get millions from the v's who smoke base Somebody leavin' out with a poked face Tone, you burnin' to kick his teeth out, and sware don't catch no case I'mma make you look like you smoke taste, and we don't leave no trace These rap niggaz sware that they so safe I don't wanna talk to you holmes, I don't communicate My guns they in my hand, one in my palm And I could dial your number, like a smile off the face With the H.K. 9, I'm the all black hummer Metal lungies'll spit the grungiest shit Hungriest shit, seventeen dummies a clip Tell them rap niggaz to suck my dick, fuck the industry And shift, shut down the store, bust my shit I got some hustlin' ass niggaz that'll pump my bricks And some dust head niggaz that'll dump my clips, what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Comp, Jadakiss Album: Run 12" Song: Run Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Pss.. yo, yo, yo (yo son roll!) Oh shit, yo, yo, run! [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground The pound fell, cops is coming Runnin' through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin' Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summon So I, stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across, cracks is fallin' My pockets is lean, clean when I vanished off Took off, made track look easy The walkie talkies them D-E-T's had, black, they was rated P.G Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down Take me to.. Ghost here they come now! Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch, dog Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff Run! I will not get bagged on the Rock Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops Run! They am' shit, plan shit, destroy evidence Fuck a case, I'm not comin' home when I'm fifty six Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks Before I let these crackers throw me and shit Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop Curse, swerve to get served, these cock suckers got nerve Heard I was killin' shit, they must got word That I told the chief on Rich Port I don't wanna merge [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone Run! If you gettin' chased with no shoes on Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns! They givin' out life like bird tons Run! If you ain't do shit, you it That next felony, nigga, it's like three zip So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches! When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance! Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! Muthafucka.. [Interlude: Jadakiss (Ghostface Killah)] Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...) I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!) [Jadakiss] Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car I got fine hundred, hundred packs in my backyard Clear twelve-twelve's, that look like stuff shells I'm cuttin' niggaz throats on the sails, while they puff L's Don't leave nothin' un-bagged, shave everything I learned from the O.G.'s to save everything (to save everything) They come by one more time, they gon' hop out They two deep, and one is a bitch, she gettin' knocked out Then I can get rid of the pack But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that Uh, down-shiftin' on 'em like I got gears on me (Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me (Run!) Scared to death, runnin' like I got bears on me (Run!) My Timb's start feelin' like they Nike Air's on me (Run!) It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Throughway My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way Now I'm try'nna hold my hammer up, and my pants too If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do Rather it be the streets, then jail where I die at And I'm asthmatic, so I'm lookin' for somewhere to hide at But they too close, and I got this new toast 'Magine if I would of let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do [Interlude: Comp] Yeah... yes! Yes! Comp, Chocolate City! (Whoo!) [Comp] They got me runnin' and I weigh about three hundred Drawers stuck in my ass, gun under my stomach And I don't even know why they chasin' me for Cuz I'm dirty like the corner in the bathroom floor So I run through the alley, when I come through the block Runnin' so fast, you would think I'm chasin' the cops Right in broad daylight, in the middle of winter I can't go to jail, my mother cookin' chicken for dinner, damn! The Board of the City, Police Department Try'nna put me in that bunk bed caged apartment But I won't let 'em, you gon' have to catch him All I heard was "Freeze!" and "God damn it! Get him!" I duck and dodge, I sprint and flee They got canines and I don't need that sent on me Body on the burner, I don't need that pit on me But I'll be damned if a cop Rodney King me, Comp! {*sirens and footsteps*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Jadakiss Album: The Pretty Toney Album Song: Run Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Pss.. yo, yo, yo (yo son roll!) Oh shit, yo, yo, run! [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground The pound fell, cops is coming Runnin' through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin' Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summon so I stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across, cracks is fallin' My pockets is lean, clean when I vanished off Took off, made track look easy The walkie talkies them D-E-T's had, black, they was rated P.G. Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down Take me to.. Ghost here they come now! Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch dog Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff Run! I will not get bagged on the rock Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops Run! They am' shit, plan shit, destroy evidence Fuckin case, I'm not comin' home with no fifty six Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks Before I let these crackers throw me and shit Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop Curse, swerve to get served, these cocksuckers got nerve Heard I was killin' shit, they must got word That I told the chief on Rich Port I don't wanna merge [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone Run! If you gettin' chased with no shoes on Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns! They givin' out life like bird tons Run! If you ain't do shit, you it That next felony, nigga, it's like three zip So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches! When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance! Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! Muthafucka.. [Interlude: Jadakiss (Ghostface Killah)] Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...) I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!) [Jadakiss] Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car I got fine hundred, hundred packs in my backyard Clear twelve-twelve's, that look like stuff shells I'm cuttin' niggaz throats on the sails, while they puff L's Don't leave nothin' unbagged, shave everything I learned from the O.G.'s to save everything (to save everything) They come by one more time, they gon' hop out They two deep, and one is a bitch, she gettin' knocked out Then I can get rid of the pack but I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that Uh, down-shiftin' on 'em like I got gears on me (Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me (Run!) Scared to death, runnin' like I got bears on me (Run!) My Timb's start feelin' like they Nike Air's on me (Run!) It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Throughway My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way Now I'm try'nna hold my hammer up, and my pants too If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do Rather it be the streets, then jail where I die at And I'm ashmatic, so I'm lookin' for somewhere to hide at But they too close, and I got this new toast 'Magine if I would of let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Freeway, Jadakiss, Lil Wayne, Raekwon Album: GhostDeini the Great Song: Run (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Pss.. yo, yo, yo (yo son roll!) Oh shit, yo, yo, run! [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground The pound fell, cops is coming Runnin' through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin' Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summon so I stopped at the 2nd floor, ran across, cracks is fallin' My pockets is lean, clean when I vanished off Took off, made track look easy The walkie talkies them D-E-T's had, black, they was rated P.G. Run, I will not give up, no, quick flag the car down Take me to.. Ghost here they come now! Errr! Pull off quick, back up, hit the bitch, dog Turned down Hill, light the Marley spliff Run! I will not get bagged on the rock Run! I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops Run! They am' shit, plan shit, destroy evidence Fuck a case, I'm not comin' home when I'm fifty six Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks Before I let these crackers throw me and shit Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop Curse, swerve to get served, these cocksuckers got nerve Heard I was killin' shit, they must got word That I told the chief on Rich Port I don't wanna merge [Raekwon] I skated through the back of the building, hit the steps up Ran up in Kay crib, lay daddy rest I had to break free, police on me and they FB's Yelling "I think his name Lex, that's his aunt, freeze" That's when I hit the window, indo' coming out the back room Boom, Pretty and his man, Black Caesar Damn, they saw me and they bustin' at me Cab just missed me, plus them goochie frames, foul, that's six fifty Stop back at suite, them leaf defense slid through my man garden Yelled out 'pardon', kept it moving, peace Build be gone, ain't no honor amongst thieves Please, plus they heard I'm getting parmagane cheese And I won't stop moving til the metal dig me Say word, yo, make 'em work for it, young rookie, ya'll need me That's when it is, what it is, if it's that or the cup But in the ill gangstas book what they niggas do is [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Run! If you sell drugs in the school zone Run! If you gettin' chased with no shoes on Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got, guns! They givin' out life like by the tons Run! If you ain't do shit, you it That next felony, nigga, it's like three zip So, run! Hop fences, jump over benches! When you see me comin' get the fuck out the entrance! Run! Fuck that! Run! Cops got guns! [Interlude: Jadakiss (Ghostface Killah)] Ah-hah! I might gotta take my shirt off (yeah, kid...) I like that one (uh-huh, go in, go in!) [Jadakiss] Yo, uh, it's Task Force Tuesday, the NARCS is in the black car I got five hundred, hundred packs in my backyard Clear twelve-twelve's, that look like stuff shells I'm cuttin' niggas throats on the sails, while they puff L's Don't leave nothin' unbagged, shave everything I learned from the O.G.'s to save everything (to save everything) They come by one more time, they gon' hop out They two deep, and one is a bitch, she gettin' knocked out Then I can get rid of the pack But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that Uh, down-shiftin' on 'em like I got gears on me (Run!) Besides that, I got about 5 years on me (Run!) Scared to death, runnin' like I got bears on me (Run!) My Timb's start feelin' like they Nike Air's on me (Run!) It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Throughway My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way Now I'm try'nna hold my hammer up, and my pants too If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do Rather it be the streets, then jail where I die at And I'm ashmatic, so I'm lookin' for somewhere to hide at But they too close, and I got this new toast 'Magine if I would of let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do [Freeway] Free hold east coast whole, boxing the Philly down Down to Dela', when ya'll rarely toting the milli round I bring the milli to ya house, I was just down south Carolina had the milli down there Pearl Beach had the heater in reach, and four freaks In Hooters, I made 'em lose it when they heard freedom of speech Told them freaks that I gotta run, I'm on the run But they tried to make me stay, they showed me two hooters a piece I stayed for a second but you know I gotta skate It's like a race, cops chase me, I'm chasing the moon Before I left the premise, saw two more bitches They told me they was witches, told me hop on they broom I did, and then we went zoom Don't you know them witches got me outtie wit the quickness I'm buggin', I'm trippin' in reality I'm skitzin' The cops got me trapped in the Audi wit the Smith & [Interlude: Lil Wayne] D-Boy, yeah, Birdman Jr. in ya building, people I'mma let you know how it go on my side of the mountain, whoadie [Lil Wayne] It's sure about does that you heard me And I dropped in effect since 9/11 I'm on the avenue with nines, elevens, I'm a two times felon That's why I keep the top up, on my 9-11 Pele, in New Orleans, ain't got no Rico law So I keep that heat in the car, but they don't know I had that 'dro in the seat of the car But it's hot right now, so you can see me tomorrow Ay, Ghostface, the youngins on the block duckin' blue & red lights While your boy bypassing fare light But if them cock suckers ever get me dead right Three hots and the cops swallow weed and a knife, right? I speed at night, take it easy in the day Go hard wit the dough, take it easy wit the yae Yup, Lil' Weezy, I get my loot up But at the pull up, come, I say my crew run run, boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Shawn Wiggs, Sheek Louch, Sun God Album: Apollo Kids Song: Street Bullies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Sheek Louch] Geah! Aiyyo Starks, whattup? What it do family? [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodies [Shawn Wigs] We gifted with vocab to make the streets spaz And I'm infatuated with money like {?} grabs Blow bags of that purple 'til I'm purple like Grimace Burn spinach cause it keep up flows, Shawn's a menace Even Barack watch "The Wire," the streets is political Watch how the '89 analog switched to digital It's a miracle, we gettin rich, offa visuals Millionaires open doors, split them residuals and still don't know how to act, spend 5 beams on jeans Steady blowin cream by the stack I get my change, now go cop, get'cha a drink And have a hoe butt-naked washed up by the sink Blowin stink, and I don't see grass on the field So I'ma tear ass on that field The Doe Wilson walk around with a bottle of Spades Diamonds lookin like I flossed in a cascade [Sheek Louch] Dee dee dee da dee, dee dee dee dee da dee day You asked for Donnie G oh won't you please come out and play They know I keep that black girl, the black guns and the AK's I'm comin where you lay, and yeah I'm gonna spray - hey! Motherfucker what'chu lookin at? The crook's back Staten Island got my back, Brooklyn niggaz let it clap Half these niggaz ride out, Harlem niggaz keep it real Bronx got a shorty there, that's my little hideout {?}, Rose, Donnie cake, souflee M6, no top on it, toupee Rubber grip, stainless steel, the night look gray Yeah, this that fly shit, patch over the eye shit Slick Rick, bruh, these bitches be on my dick Yeah I'm the new draft pick, about to get my ass licked Street bullies blastin, you ain't gotta ask it Ghostface, Wigs, will put you in a casket [Sun God] Can I, kick it? Yes you can Can I, kick it? Yes you can Can I, kick it? Yes you can Well I'm gone - are you gonna miss me when I leave? Besides this 8 times 5, got tricks up in my sleeve Guaranteed, ain't nobody around these beez See the team, we don't sleep, cause niggaz need green We bleed different, we chase money, y'all can chase dreams Came a long way, don't fuck that bread up in between Tell 'em God sent you, load up that wop and let it ring ock It's more than raindrops, when your nigga name get scratched off like his name dropped, that's when that thang pop Y'all niggaz thought once too much, that's why your brain stopped Lock and load both of them 40's I make the place hot You can't wipe that up with no shirt, that take mops Out the window here's another bomb let that bass drop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Beanie Sigel, Solomon Childs, Styles P Album: GhostDeini the Great Song: Toney Sigel (The Barrel Brothers) (Remix) Typed by: Tha Masta [Ghostface Killah] Yo, straight out the ghetto, I'm damn hood I Stack-A-Dollar like a whole rack of canned goods Baggy jeans, no Timbs, A.C.G. boots Living in the Crack Spot, banging at Sheek Louch The narcotics is far from garbage Whether it's cold or it's late August My shit is fresh cuz I catch the harvest My little cousin bubble Swatches and carry a couple oxes Keep a duece-deuce by his ankle and get it popping You know, we be the boys clocking the graveyard shift Big bundles, counting our CREAM, burning the lazer spliff My man, jumps out the whip with the A.R. fifth And we barred from plenty of parties cuz we start shit Parole hoes, six months in the box My little sister got her head shaved off She made it home from shop We selling cartons, Pampers, Similac formula Anything it take because the paper keep calling ya Gangstas keep balling for sure, we want more We make it rain from the tech and wop The Lex pouring and the precincts don't have enough cups for us To slow us up, they hit us with dust Then they rush, bust, my big man Ron'll break the cuffs Three-hundred pound nigga, po-po has to fuck him up They say that my projects shall undergo therapy We never voted, we voting for Oprah, Obama, and Eric B. [Styles P] The ill rap niggaz that kill Destroy shit but they able to build Come fuck with the real Coward, better play your part This shit'll lace yo' heart Get hit with a Ghostface dart And you better live this shit to fullest Or be ready to pull it Or be hit with a B. Sig' bullet The ill rap niggaz that kill Destroy shit but they able to build Come fuck with the real [Beanie Sigel] It's the Broad Street Bully and the Killah with no face My mack bullets burn like tequila with no chase My knifework like a guillotine sword cutting Niggaz stop fronting for my Killa Beez swarm something Bzzz, empty out the whole clip then reload Shotgun barrel leave it smoking like a broke stove Yeah, and I'm all about that bullshit The casket, the hearse and the pastor in the pulpit I kill a nigga at the drop of a dime Just imagine what I do for a quarter Ain't no telling what I do for a dollar Pop a nigga right in front of his mama Son a nigga right in front of his daughter And I'm nothing like the father He couldn't come from these nuts I got Or see Baltimore suck this cock I know most of y'all wouldn't understand Get it... get it... understand Yeah, some niggaz will, and some niggaz won't Like some niggaz kill, and some niggaz don't You'se a fake until you make it type of nigga I'm a straight up take it type of nigga Pistol whip a nigga 'til I break it type of nigga I'm hard on chumps, most these dudes is fags Put the guard on punks, push the broom up they ass Or the knife like American meat American Sig', it's Muslim, so I ain't feeling Bush overseas I think with the wisdom of Malcolm, got the soul of a panther So "By Any Means" is the anthem, you gon' have to cut me out the track like cancer I can't stop, won't stop, this how we do it from Philly to Shaolin All my niggaz swap in (Yeah nigga) [Solomon Childs] Guns imported from Dubai, wheelchairs and shitbags Peach Snapples and pretty scapals Renaissance, I'll stick a pick in ya gut at the chapel Or blow a nigga for a box of Huggies Cop killas with a box of dummies Gummies, stuck to the project floors Niggaz is suited up and we ready for war   The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Baby, Jadakiss, Lil Wayne Album: The State vs. Radric Davis Song: Wasted (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Burrr! It's Young BURRR~! Ay, "The State vs. Radric Davis" It's still Gucci And we wasted! Huh [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Rock star lifestyle, might don't make it (wasted!) Livin life high, every day clique wasted (wasted!) Sippin on purple stuff, rollin up stanky (wasted!) Wake up in the mornin, ten o'clock drankin (wasted!) Party party party let's all get wasted (wasted!) Shake it for me baby girl, do it butt naked (wasted!) I'm so wasted, she so wasted (wasted!) Tell the bartender send me twenty more cases [Gucci over beginning of Chorus] Whassup man? Birdman in the building My boy Weezy Jadakiss, Gucci! ... wasted! [Gucci Mane] My alias is Gucci Mane, my name is Radric Davis (who?) If you take the time to step in front my shine, that time is wasted (wow) See I don't got time to waste, 'less I waste it with the crew Your girl drunk, she dropped it low and waste Crist' all over my shoes (Well damn!) Back to the bass (back to, back to, back to) man I'm racist Though I'm not my Range Caucausian plus my goons smoke like Jamaicans You hot but hatin on me you sleepy; Gucci ain't hot? Homeboy you trippin Still concealin coke in my car, so so yo' kinfolks gon' keep drippin I'm movin that 'caine like I'm movin my Range Don't soil my name just step up yo' game I'ma leave this game same way that I came Cain't waste my breath no need to explain Baby girl I wasted it on my bracelet (burrr) Didn't wanna walk through we maded it This Wasted Remix with Baby, Wayne and 'Kiss and I cremated it (GU-CCI~!) [Lil Wayne] Ahh! Rock star lifestyle might not make it President got him in the White House naked Looked at the clock and it said right now Get a pound, break it down, blow it like trial Penn & Teller Dutchie, wine in my tall glass Young Money baby, big shit like a horse ass Stacks in my backpack, shades on, hat back Bugatti bat black, where they do that at? South beach, Miami ho, I'm probably with Tammy To' My life is a video, and the women want that cameo I just want them pantyhose and I'm higher than Geronimo And I got them tools tell them boys to get mechanical [Jadakiss] D-Block! AHHHH! Yo Rock star lifestyle might not make it (uh-uh) Wasted, just performed "We Gon' Make It" (yeah) Bitches get naked off the stones in the bracelet (haha) Said you got coke, I brought a fiend along to taste it (uhh) Money come fast now, we ain gotta chase it (nah) Kush got a nigga feelin like he in The Matrix Hennessey, Patron, Grey Goose, Aces (yeah) Alcohol, tobacco, firearm cases (ATF) Duffle bag double up, big, faces (yes) Tony Montana shit, crib, spacious (yes) Futuristic automobiles, spaceships (ha) Jadakiss laced it, the remix, "Wasted" [Birdman] Uptown, yeah nigga Shinin like chandeliers Big money make a pearl handle with two clips Cash Money, Young Money fly, in new whips All white pearl, money from the earl Poppin Dom P, iced out my baby girl Catch me in the club with my mac and my strap on Bitches high rollin, white doves gettin they freak on Get my clap on, get my money on Shinin all the time, now watch me bring it home S-so she love me, how we do this? Maybach, lay back, baby how we do this Longest jet G4, high to the sky bitch Mo' money than I've seen, no ceiling bitch [Chorus] - 1/2 {*echoes at end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guru f/ Styles P Album: Version 7.0 The Street Scriptures Song: Don Status Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Guru] Guru, Styles P Solar on the triddack Get ready niggaz You know what time it is [Chorus: Styles P] You ain't really ready for war nigga Blow your head off when it come through the door nigga That's the shit that happen when you fuck with a raw nigga Ghost and the Guru, get ready for more nigga [Guru] From the night life, to the daily hustle Seems everything's a gamble like the daily double While I spit on tracks, in mathematical codes Recognize I've done it all, even had a few lows Had many highs too, hurt many lives too If you've got heart like me, there ain't many like you I'm that neighborhood hero, that brother who cares Since the hood's under attack I'm that brother who's there Gully modern day prophet misunderstood like Jesus With a sword like Muhammad, equipped with telekenesis More patience than Job, liberatin the globe with the tangible truth that you've been waitin to hold I've been set up, blazed at, and scarred up Had long talks with myself, slept on benches, barred up That's far enough, can't let it go no more Don status, no weakness to show no more [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Styles P] It's the Ghost and the Guru; whoever wanna try get fried when he die put his face in a mural Nigga I assure you, you can get hit with the 4-2 I'm rougher than the seafloor of coral (I'm rough~!) Nice with a sword like Zorro Swing 'til your head look red and your legs look red Cause I'm tryin to get bread just like Stella D'oro Mask and the glove in the glovebox I rap now but still take time to run, up in the drug spot (yeah) Strike like a stick in the matchbook (strike) I ain't in the wagon cause I like how the hatch look I like how the pump and the Mac look, when I open it up Spark can open you up, and see how your back look The kid that come down with the slow flow, don't fuck with him Get gunned down with a fo'-fo' for touchin him I'm hustlin, into makin other niggaz sufferin [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro: Styles P] Ghost... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Dion, Jadakiss, Papoose, Raekwon & Talb Kweli Album: Hi-Teknology 2 Song: Where it Started At (NY) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Hi-Tek] (*Sample) (*Where do I Start?) Let's see what they wanna hear? [Chorus: Dion] (Jadakiss) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) (***Sample) Let me see where I started at (Uh) Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) (No doubt) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear (Yeah) For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) (Hi-Tek!!!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) (Woo!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (***We gonna take you all on a little trip to New York City!) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 1: Jadakiss] Uh! Got alot of heart, best part is I'm clever too Hand skills, hard work, gun play whatever duke Ecstacy, oxy, vicodin, powder Ari, haze, diesel, sour Dust Juice, Lucy's, turbans, kufi's Hand guns is petite the shotties is doofy Talkin in is not nice, lot of niggaz got life Everything is good in my bank except cop dice Harlems, Jordans, the hood can't afford them So they bootleg them now everyday sport them Dorms, cells, packages, mail Warrants, bails, everything's real now [Chorus: Dion] (Papoose) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (Hi-Tek Hi-Tek, Papoose Pa-poose) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 2: Papoose] All I got is my word and my nuts, man I got Brooklyn in my balls So you could see Bed-Stuy if you lookin in my draws Always talkin bout you ballin, look you wanna ball Word on the streets, niggaz ready to put you on the wall You just a leg shooter, you aim your gun low I shoot my tek high I keep a Hi-Tek like the producer Pap ripped the Desi, till that clip is empty Man I'll have black buried in the cemetary Go 'head get your fetti, but you better tell holmes Messin with me will get black buried like a cell phone Punks pay dues not me I pay attention Call it New York cause we keep reinventin [Chorus: Dion] (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (*With a first hello!) [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Who flipped the vocabulary? Shadow my adversary buss 'em like vocabulary Roaches and rats in every corner when it's warmer but New York is used to that already Manhattan built the cemetaries where the blacks is buried I take the Staten Ferry I walk to Broadway I talk to chicks along the way with John Forte Used to do this all day burnin in the project hallway Discussin strategies in the court case I rock the Northface cold like winter I'm from Brooklyn like the D-Cep and low life niggaz word Fuck the talking it's a New York thing We aboard but, all things considered we all kings, what [Chorus: Dion] (Raekwon) (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (**New York, New York) (My nigga my nigga whattup, Tek you did it again nigga!) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! (Word up I love that) (*With a first hello!) [Verse 4: Raekwon] Aiyyo yo, I rhyme for the streets broke niggaz rap when they feast Who angry as hell, we yell from the beast Wise killers up in New York, who lay for peace Crime action get you trapped by the chief, no PC Proud and have the hood stylin good talent most of us tellin Drug wars, try to re-up, the law whylin Can't get no rest, the vest is on stress pound it Schemin on somethin green, we eagles on the chef found it While I take a trip back my first little pack Had to open doors no time for broads I was scopin crack Baggin like a newborn, barely profit beef pop off We carry tommy guns and smoke trees and grab pockets Pilgrimage life, real like with no money and no white I had this white girl who work for me wipin pipe Livin by the sword, a hundred niggaz daily Who get on board and kill for some proper live on them acres board [Chorus: Dion] (*Sample) (**New York Sample) Let me see where I started at Hood cats are part of where it started at (**New York) We hustle hard to keep the sharks fear For the score go to war like a jarhead (**New York) New York, New York, New York, New York, New York!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Immortal Technique f/ Poison Pen, Styles P, Vinnie Paz Album: The Martyr Song: Black Vikings Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: dialogue from "Planet of the Apes"] Beware the beast man, for he is the devil's pawn Alone among God's primates, he kills for sport, or lust, or greed Yay, he will murder his brother to possess his brother's land Let him not breed in great numbers for he will make a desert of his home, and yours Shun him; drive him back into his jungle lair for he is the harbinger of death [Poison Pen] G'yeah~!! Immortal Technique SP the Ghost, Poison Pen, Vinnie Paz, nagga We gon' stomp 'em out, gun 'em out, run 'em out Call your number out, send the Uncle Ruckus out We gon' stomp 'em out, gun 'em out, run 'em out Nigga ain't nuttin civilized 'bout no Uncle Ruckus nigga Don't bring the Uncle Ruckus out nigga - the fuck outta here [Immortal Technique] All troops in formation? Let the siege, commence! Back like I was locked up, puttin in work Burnin through books like Nazis in a Catholic church I'm cursed like Cain when he murdered his brother Cut your face off and wear it while I'm fuckin your mother I'm Mars Ultor, the avenger, the God of War And if you don't believe in me, I doubt you believe in God at all I breathe smokeless fire, the djinn type That'll make you hate the way Allah made you to live life Like Hindu, niggaszthat be bleachin they skin white Other people's teeth in my hands after a fist fight I was born with a sixth sense and a swift right Skinned werewolves and raped demons at midnight Sell your kids into slavery after we murder you or sacrifice them, in the same fire we burnin you Barbarian funeral nigga, you oughta know Damn the river, bury me, and let the water flow [Chorus: Poison Pen] Chaos, mayhem, bang outs, slay them Uprise, rape them, raid them, cage them Pandemonium, insurgent, death merchants commit the best murder Pillage, kill them, erase history, make them a mystery [Styles P] Cut the nose off or the ears off a whole head Immortal and Ghost coming - code red You never seen a black barbarian Warrior warlord pussy~! Cut your balls off More bodies come, more bodies hauled off What you want - the sword or get shit sawed off? {*chainsaw reves*} You don't need a axe in it And I'm breakin your back cause your spine needed a crack in it You bugging me I'm comin to fumigate Like Wolverine and Sabretooth the way that I mutilate I'm like the viking in Valhalla Rising except I got black skin and both of my eyes in Don't test him, please don't stress him He'll hang you from a tree with your own intestines How you wanna die? Make your own suggestion Now talk to the Lord and make your own confession [Vinnie Paz] Yeah! You pussies livin in a movie theatre Put the motherfuckin spell on you like Brujeria Chop his muh'fuckin head like a ruthless leader Guns drawn in a church service, shoot the preacher You need to be Godly to know Allah Ain't no rappers eatin 'round me like a broken jaw It ain't ever been a day that I ain't broke the law What you think I hold the motherfuckin toaster for? I ain't goin there, there's police in that room And Vinnie walk around with bags of dust like a vacuum Bury you under the earth inside a black tomb My body covered in dashiki and stab wounds I'm a guerrilla, barbarians is my ancestors That's a part of my neurological transmitters We Islamic and brought the story of Sham with us while we brought the motherfuckin blam blam with us [Outro - part 1] Yeah nigga~! The walls have been breached Advaaance! We came in the name of peace and brotherhood You wanted us bound in slavery Poisoned our water, changed our names Burn their homes, take their jewels, skin them alive! (Hold on, hold on, hold on...) [interrupted by Chorus] [Outro - part 2] No one will know these people ever existed And all that will be left is what we build upon their ruins [Chorus] - to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Isyss f/ Jadakiss Album: Day & Night (Single) Song: Day & Night Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Jadakiss talking] That's right, Isy', Jadakiss, ya heard? Let's get it on [Verse 1] You got a house on the hill, chromed out ride You live that life, giving me everything that I dream All the time on a creep, first class flights Seas in sights, all night Never thought that this could take control of me Day and night, I owe it to you Always on my mind and dreaming of you It feels so right but I know it is wrong That I know I gotta man, just can't leave him alone [Verse 2] So many nights on the scene Buying me, shopping sprees, diamond rings All the things that I can't get at home Never could understand a thing like me To utter this from the seen of your face I'm caught up in love with my secret love [Verse 3] Never thought that I would feel this way All the things that I believed in went away Right from the start, you took my heart I'm in love, what can I say [Jadakiss] Uh uh uh uh uh, hey yo You just can't leave me, see me alone The Porshe is black the B's is chrome And he's at home and you with me It's the four point six, three cribs and some jewelry Don't work I can put you through school for free So if that's cool with you it's cool with me Princess ya neck, tennis ya wrist Anything you wish, Icey and Kiss Thinkin' of me so what ya really got him for Let's go to the mall and close down the Prada store And even if ya don't rock diamonds Baby you'll like to go deep-sea fishin' and rock climbin' Pop wine and horseback ridin' You shotgun scared, use the Porshe back slidin' And ya friends say J ain't right But you know we go together like day and night, uh [Chorus with variations to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaheim f/ Styles P Album: Ghetto Classics Song: Fiend Typed by: d_salyne@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Styles P] She's more than a dime, she's a dub Damn I'm in love Hit it from the house to the club Keep my mind on her Spend my last dime on her She bring me to cloud 9 when my ass climb on her Can see she make the picture clear Just like time warner Treat her like the car (Don't know the next line) She helped me focus in Get my rhymes right too and my mind right too That's why she shine through [Verse 2 - Jaheim] I gotta quit I gotta get this chick up out my system She's no good for me All of my dogs wanna hit her Right after I'm with her I eat then I fall asleep And it's gettin costly Lately all I've been banging is the chicks that come to see But surely she's a dime (Something about the girl being a dog) And I think I'm falling in love She gets me all chocked up I can barely catch my breath Don't want to pass her around I keep her to myself you see shes gives me stimulation And nobody's messing up our rotation Although I think it's big And you better believe Nobody's blazing it up but me [Chorus: Jaheim] I need her first thing when I wake up Call me a fiend And I ain't talking about nicotine y'all know what I mean Just call me a fiend I'm just a addict for your love, I've got to have it all your love I can't let it go I'll never be gleem You can just call me a fiend [Verse 3 - Jaheim] I twist her up, pull her to me real slow (so slow) Let the taste of a chocolate make my eyes get low But she burns through my paper so fast Gotta make it last Hate to watch them Swisha sweets walk past When my personal stash get low Then it's back to the block tryna find her Surely she's a dime In fact that girls a dub And I think I've fallin in love She gets me all chocked up I can barely catch my breath Don't want to pass her around I keep her to myself you see shes gives me stimulation And nobody's messing up our rotation Although I think it's big You better believe Nobody's blazing it up but me [Chorus: Jaheim] [Verse 4 - Styles P] I'm a fiend for her Go to sleep wit a dream of her Wake up, grind hard, get cream for her Play the whip on a lean wit her Just in case I don't make it home I'ma leave a team with her Me & her been down since her head was round I went to every party in town and bought her a round And now she get lose with it Her heads purple and green but she looks cute with it And I ain't mad at her I let the team take a stab at her I bring her home all alone and then pack her bags for her We can do it all night, right? Wake up and do it all day All we needs a light bright [Verse 5 - Jaheim] It's gunna be a slow process One kiss from her lips took the stress up off my chest Riding shot gun, body tight, couldn't hold it in Had to park and spark it up again And I swear she left her heaven scent in the air All in my clothes, all in my hair (She has my head in her ) Y'all know what I'm talking about [Chorus: Jaheim] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Fat Joe, Jadakiss Album: R.U.L.E. Song: New York Typed by: muchxmoney@hotmail.com [Hook – Ja Rule] I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (New York) I got a semi-automatic that spits next time if you talk (you talk) I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (New York) I got a semi-automatic that spits next time if you talk (you talk) (And I know) [Verse 1 – Ja Rule] Yall niggaz is pussy, poonani, +Vagina+ Your +Monologue's+ getting tired, now it's time to ride You're print distrified, you're no longer desired So take off them silly chains, put back on your wire I'm on fire, holly dipped in octane Let each coast bang, let west coast bang And Rule gonna bring the ghetto gospel To every 'hood possible, pushin through in the sky blue Back with the gods you now, preferably the 4 pound Slugs flyin at the speed of sound Tryin to catch the ears of niggaz that's runnin their mouths I might get my Brooklyn niggaz to run in your house I don't really understand what the runnin's about But we're hunters, we take pride in airin our prey out Leavin 'em layed out, dead, in just a sport 'cause we ain't playin up here in New York [Hook – Fat Joe] I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (New York) And you can tell the way the homie spit, That nigga, I'm from New York (New York) I got a hundred ways to make a grip, Yes, I'm from New York (New York) And you can tell I get real ignorant, 'cause nigga, I'm from New York (New York) (And this is how we do) [Verse 2 – Fat Joe] Nigga I can see the coke in your nose This ain't a movie, even he got his head blown on the globe And I was just about to find god But now that Ma$e is back, I think I'd much rather find a menage And everybody talkin crazy how they're AK spit But we done did some invstigatin, and they ain't spray shit Not me, I'm the truth homie, got the industry shook like "Naw nigga, Joe gonna let 'em loose on me" True Story, I'm bringin the T back Even Roy Jones was forced to +Lean Back+ My nigga Dre said grind cook Now we killin them Howard niggaz, who said I must of found Pun's rhyme book Got bitches on top of the Phantom And the pinky got bling, like the ring around Saturn Cook coke, crack, niggaz fiend for that And you already know the x is where the team be at [Hook – Jadakiss] I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (New York) +Ruff Ryde+, and +D-Block+ and shit, Nigga fuck what you thought (you thought) And you can't take shit for granted, because life is too short (too short) I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (Aha, and this is how we do) [Verse 3 – Jadakiss] I swear it couldn't be sweeter, Life's a bitch Depending on how you treat her, you might get rich It's guaranteed you gonna die, you might get missed For maybe 2 or 3 hours, 'til they light their spliffs And that coke will get you a long time But when I let 'em know the dope is out, it's like America Online Wise has awoken And you know they say that you deserved it whenever you die with your eyes open I still hold a title, because I'm in the hood like them little motorcycles Stick up kids, hoppin out with them old rifles Just doin shit for nothin, it's so spiteful Ha I'm just like you Word that niggaz wanna murk you is in the air A double shot of yak and the purple is in the air And I'm not cocky, I'm confident So when you tell me I'm the best it's a compliment [Hook – Jadakiss] I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (New York) +Ruff Ryde+, and +D-Block+ and shit, Nigga fuck what you thought (you thought) And you can't take shit for granted, because life is too short (too short) I got a hundred guns, a hundred clips, Nigga I'm from New York (Aha, and this is how we do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Beanie Sigel, The LOX, Sauce Money Album: Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life Song: Resevoir Dogs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Sheek] Fuck -- shit is real right here Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers Don't get it twisted Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass with no mask, look at the camera like what? Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy Drop 100 bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid? And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall Takin shots of Louie til I fall Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move My team, you would think was on Thorazine How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing [Beanie Sigel] Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now Pick out a quiet town and tie it down Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now Beanie Mac I supply it now My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps Bag enough coke to last a few weeks In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats You really wanna test my name? And test my game? Until you have me, test my aim? Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin Cop off the lot never see me at the auction Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin Out on the strip, until I reach the margin Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans [Jadakiss] Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce They got me where I can't be without my large gat Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines Six months in the county or fed time I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga ever had beef with, son is a bastard Anytime I spit, spit acid, L.O.X. Ruffryder you heard? We got the game mastered 	I told you the pain was comin 	You wouldn't listen 	You tried to play me like a joke? 	Now who got the last laugh? 	Now take these bullets with you to hell [Sauce Money] You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die What's the difference? Either way I'm stunnin your crew I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose Somethin to prove? Spit it, we can have a sprayoff I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews Flow hot like a heatwave bitch Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull [Styles] I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car I don't care about your block and whoever you shot I don't care about your album and whenever it drop I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz Shootin backwards, just for practice Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella Jay (what the fuck) spendin mozzarella [Jay-Z] I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed Get brained in the four dot six Range Shit main, switch lanes every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that You don't wanna owe that man He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak man Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more I just sit on my money til I'm above the law How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga Multiple cars and divas with D-classes Iceberg sweat with I.B. on the elastic Shit, beyotch! What the fuck, ya heard me? Put some more beat on that joint Artist: Jean Grae f/ Styles P, Talib Kweli Album: Cookies & Coma/R.I.P. 12" Song: R.I.P. Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Verse One: Styles P] Make your movie in HD, bet you it ain't a saga Me I'm a slinger, you a singer like Lady Gaga I could see through you 'bout as clear as Cîroc Vodka Knock out your teeth with the back of the mic proper I don't give a fuck about a chopper Leave you and the doctor, our pot filled with Big Poppa Make sixteens I call Oscars for actors Get in your neck and your back like chiropractors I'm so nice I could give you a fact backwards Out hardest the is Ghost, keep your kids close Sick when I was nine years old, ask my kinfolk My people been broke, a couple been rich If rap was jail I be runnin the whole pen bitch Ghost, Talib and Jean Grae X-Men of Hip Hop, and still rock, harder than Green Day Classic, like vinyl but let the machines spray [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket [Verse Two: Jean Grae] (Put your rock out in my pocket, nigga!) No it's not...like Charlie Brown who got a {ROCK!} In his pocket Trick or Treat'n, I mean I'm a medium for leakin heat, a freakin genie, Jean's a geni-us You idiots, I'm mean to you sweetie and I'm a queen I don't swing open like Lamborghini doors do - whores do My job is to floor you, lock you and ignore you Pop you like a blocked call, I'm like Rockmore You +Watching Me+ like Rockwell's pop song, it's popped on (Ya lockjaw's a good thing) I'm glad I put the hammer to it My handle is where hand'll rest (Man, she didn't do it) Yeah, what they said, don't want no more rain to jockin round That would be worse than K-Fed doin poppers out (Ew!) Right from my momma's house with this little rocket out Jesus~! Wet my fingers and just stick 'em in the socket now (Please) I'd rather be dead than watch wack shit Color me gone, fill in the dirt, tell 'em I kicked... ten buckets And it's all your fault, I'm rotting Shouldn'ta done that, lied about rocking Huh, it's all your fault, I'm rottin You shouldn'ta done that, lied about rockin [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket [Verse Three: Talib Kweli] What is it? ... What, is you tryin to lose your life? Ancient wisdom like druids but I'm foolish on the mic Flow the truest undisputed cause I do it how I like It's the crack so the fiends' lips is bluish from the pipe Nice try, you ain't fly, you lyin on the ProTools Yeah your vocals mighta flew but you local like Q I blind these old roots and new dudes don't work Even though they softer than yogurt, and covert If you don't work you don't eat You fuck around and get higher than the nosebleed seats, try to compete Ya done beat yourself before ya even started E'rybody knows you don't go full retarded, bogus artists rock the stage, you goin off the page and makin no sense The way I do these rappers so ugly the flow is grotesque (whoa) Your flow is Kotex, it's no contest U.F.O., unidentified flyin object What, you a friend or you a foe? What kind of energy provoked, I keep my enemies close (close) I got a tendency to smoke And I stay in the mix like Hennessy and Coke, whoa What, you a friend or you a foe? What kind of energy provoked, I keep my enemies close (close) I got a tendency to smoke And I stay in the mix like Hennessy and Coke, whoa [Chorus: Talib Kweli] Come on peel the bail off the knot, in ya pocket Be a super star at the bar, we 'bout to lock it Down got green in the black sacks of chocolate Stop it, before you say somethin that's out of pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket Rock, rock, drop it in the pocket The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Freeway, Jadakiss Album: Instructions Song: Hate Blood Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jermaine Dupri] (Freeway) What? Y'all got hate in your blood (This is fucked up) Y'all got hate in your blood (This is fucked up man) Y'all got hate in your blood [Jermaine Dupri] Listen I know y'all niggas want me I hear y'all niggas plottin' I see y'all niggas lookin' But I ain't stoppin', I'm gone, in something fast Through the city with no top That reach 220 on the dash, I'm so hot In everybody's hood with other niggas' hoes I'm throwin' paper at them bitches Screamin' So So Now every spot I hit I'm hearing different shit About homies that want me that weren't with me when I started this It's fucked up but I But I can't let these niggas blurry my vision On where I'm going and how I'm living, ya know? I got a daughter now, young age three If her daddy don't shine, then my shorty won't eat Feel me? Do I floss? YES! Sometimes I hit the block so damn hard I start hatin' my self It's bad, I feel your pain dawg But the only thing I'm about to change is the game motherfucker! 1 - [Freeway] (JD)  If you're sick of seeing niggas pop Cris  And talkin' bout stacking chips  You know what?!  (You got hate in your blood)  Sick of seeing Bentley's  And hearing niggas talk about sittin' on dubs  (You got hate in your blood)  If you're sick of seeing artists   And hearing artists   You know what!  (You got hate in your blood)  Listen I know you niggas want me  I hear you niggas plottin'  I see you niggas lookin'  But I ain't stoppin, it's on [Jadakiss] Papi had raw, then I bought him out You know me, fuck niggas Kill 'em all, let God sort 'em out Rapid fire got my hands shakin' And everybody hate dyin' But most niggas die hatin' While y'all run to the bank I run to the brink A real thug keep the Tommy gun under the mink I got a glass kitchen You can see what's under my sink And I do shit just to do it Too much money to think So you can hate all you want I'mma still be 'Kiss Dirty, a lot of paper, filthy rich JD's the architect, he built these hits Ruff Ryder's, So So Def, feel this shit And you can tell any one of your boys You might find 'em in a hood near you and any one of his toys Cause I know you got hate in your blood Still dump eight in your mug So cock sucker take it and love, uh Repeat 1 [Jermaine Dupri] Somebody tell me why man Somebody tell me why Do niggas just hate, hate, hate the way they do man Let me explain something to y'all about me man Why y'all think I was the first rap nigga on Mtv Cribs? Cause I'm a young, fly, flashy motherfucker Y'all think I'mma stop, FUCK NAW I'mma keep ridin' down the block with my hat bent In the black bent, with them dubs on that shit We gon' still be in the club poppin' Cristal Pourin' Belvidere on bitches We don't GIVE A FUCK MAN A matter of fact I wish I could smack the shit Out of one y'all niggas right now with some money But you know what I'm saying Cause y'all niggas just hate, hate, hate Well y'all gonna have to just keep hatin' motherfuckers Repeat 1 (2x) Bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jin f/ Styles P. Album: The Rest Is History Song: Karaoke Night Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Jin] Ladies and gentlemen Welcome to the world famous "Karaoke Night" at the Ruff Ryder Lounge {*clapping*} Tonight we gon' try somethin a little different Yeah This is not an exclusive (nope) So pardon me as I get on my {?} new shit You know them stakes is high I can't relate to guys, that create disguise-es Exaggerate how great they pies, is Is that a pizza or a lemon meringue? You ain't slangin a thang Play gorilla, but you ain't even orang-and-a-tang I hang with a gang; we Ryde 'til we Die (Ruff Ryders) Preferably Ryde, yes sirree I Professor am I, CNN for information Order now (now) and get free installation (uh-huh) Oops (what?) You're a flow too late I got the flow of two Lakes, Ontario and Michigan That means +Great+ for every rap fan listenin Soon you will be seein, and you will be agreein Even though I'm Chinese I do a show for the Koreans, cause [Chorus 4X: Jin] I'm so dope and my flow's so tight I could turn karaoke to open mic night (right) [Jin - over Chorus] Oh who is this? See, you never know who to expect at "Karaoke Night" Anybody can come through That the Ghost I see? Why it is Ladies and gentlemen, Styles P.! {*clapping*} [Styles P.] Why don't you try to karaoke this verse? It's the nigga with a whole bunch of birds and don't none of 'em chirp Ten ways to calm down and don't none of 'em work I go berserk with a gun in my shirt, blow a hundred of earth Pastor said don't come to the church I'm a problem when it come to the work - listen If it's a race to split your face, I'll be comin in first I show up, niggaz wonder who I'm comin to murk Got my broad in the corner, gun under the skirt (yeah) And we lookin at your jewels tryna wonder the worth (yeah) Gettin slayed at night (uh-huh) take away the ice (uh-huh) Cause it's sorta like Sprite how we "obey our thirst" (ha ha) Shoulda known you seen both of the R's (shoulda known) Ghost come with the toast (Ghost) Jin came with the Chinese stars (Jin) You could catch me downtown at a Chinese bar Dai-ma, like a muh'fucker high off lah; what [Jin – over Chorus] Ladies and gentlemen, please one more time A round of applause for Styles P. A.K.A. the Ghost {*clapping*} [Jin] Simp-ly put, I limp with a pimpery foot And that's just how it's meant to be took Or taken – I hate the pigs But I got fam out in Frisco, that's my ba-con/Bay kin See how that works of beat and the perks of bein a jerk Me and Styles P. leave you deep in the dirt Peek in your hearse, whisper in your ear, freakin a verse While the deacon's speakin at church – "Oh Lord!" [Styles P.] Aiyyo Jin, make sure you bring me to China (y'know?) So I can get all the fuckin new Nikes Camcorders and all that, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe f/ Jadakiss Album: Drumline Sountrack Song: I Want a Girl Like You Typed by: jadakiss@pandora.be * * send corrections to the typist Uh Mmm yeah Uh Uh Uh, ooh oow [Jadakiss] Yo, the game is dirty watch how you playin' it It's your bed watch who you let lay in it It's your crib watch who you let stay in it Cause when you think they want they just might And it's hard to tell So choose your chicks right The real ones knowing you front That's why you gotta know what you want Walk with them show them the lounge Conversate talk to them slow Talk to them drough [Joe] Nowadays it's hard to tell Where them girls is coming from Are they in it to the finish  Or just having fun? I ain't mad at them girls doin' what they do Out to get that money, but I ain't that good whoohohooo I want a girl, a regular girl I want a girl only trippin off that iced out I want a girl, a regular girl If you're for real then lemme hear you holla  I want a girl that can ride with me Never get tired of me That's the girl for me (that's what I'm lookin for) I wanna girl that can hang with me (hang) Wanna do thangs with me (do thangs) All I want I want a girl like you yeah Uhu What Yo, let's go [Joe] Gotta watch how you play Careful who you choose Might find yourself in tomorrow's news Cause some chicks can be scandalised??? You gotta know witch ones to trust You're the kinda girl I would love to have Just a little thug with a lot of class Girl you ain't got no drama, You must get it from your mamma I want a girl, a regular girl I want a girl only trippin off that iced out I want a girl, a regular girl If you're for real then lemme hear you holla  I want a girl that can ride with me (ride) Never get tired of me (tired) That's the girl for me (that's the girl for me) (that's what I'm lookin for) I wanna girl that can hang with me (hang) Wanna do thangs with me (do thangs) (my girl) All I want (uh, yeah yo) I want a girl like you [Jadakiss] I want a girl that look good, cook good Don't listen to rap, but she still know when the hook's good All she do is read so she know when the book's good Love her 'cause she's from the suburb and she looks hood Lady but in bed she's an animal still Stick, shift or automatic She can handle the wheel, uh There when I call, there when I fall I want a girl just like you and that's all (I want a girl) I want a girl that can ride with me (ride) Never get tired of me (tired) That's the girl for me (that's the girl for me) (that's what I'm lookin for) I wanna girl that can hang with me (hang) Wanna do thangs with me (do thangs) All I want I want a girl like you I want a girl that can ride with me (uh, yeah, uhu) Never get tired of me (that's right) That's the girl for me (that's the girl for me) (that's what I'm lookin for) I wanna girl that can hang with me (hang) Wanna do thangs with me (do thangs) (my girl) All I want I want a girl like you I want a girl that can ride with me (yeah) Never get tired of me (that's right) That's the girl for me (ooow yeah) (whatup?) I wanna girl that can hang with me (Joe) Wanna do thangs with me (I hear that) All I want  I want a girl like you (jada) Dallas Austin producuction How you love that? Whatup D-block Let's go, uhu Double R Nothing y'all can do about it I want a girl like you (like that?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Pusha T, Styles P Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 the Worst Song: Dessert 4 Thought Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Styles P - talking] (*echo*) (Joe Budden) "Space Ghost" (uh) D-Block (uh) Niggaz know what it is (ta ha) They don't, they fucked up Right (talk to 'em) [Verse 1 - Styles P] Dark forces, get on the level 'Cause you might see an iced out cross on the Devil Illuminati and Masons, what are we facin? (what are we facin?) See you at the crossroad, death's vacation ('cation) Shit is like "Fright Night", get you a nightlight Two blunts, Zeitgeist (Zeitgeist) but mami is Christ like Now niggaz wanna look like women Tight pants, costume jewels, I guess they CEO might bend 'em God bless 'Pac but they ain't got "Thug Life" in 'em (God bless) God bless Big but they don't know the +Everyday Struggle+ (God bless) I keep it thorough, everywhere that I bubble and you bubble gum (you bubble gum) Chew you up, spit you out nigga, 'cause I'm troublesome (troublesome) And if they lyrical, then what the fuck am I? (tell me) The maker of miracles, every couple of lines (lines) Parallel lines in my soul, in my mind (parallel) Then make the jewels unfold every time that I rhyme (uh) You's a speck and I'm spectacular (spectacular) Audio fuckin up your cardiovascular Lyrically spit shit, flip like a spatula (flip) Married to the game and you just a bachelor (bachelor) SP and the Mouse in this bitch (what up?) And I want it quiet as a mouse in this bitch (ssssh) Burn you and your car and your houses and shit (poof) Don't you ever say you hard if I ain't vouch for the shit (nigga) [Verse 2 - Pusha T] It's like a never endin story, I'm here for my glory The engine's too loud, these haters can't ignore me Feelin like a legend, anyone that came before me Drug dealer, posin all this motherfuckin jewelry (motherfuckin jewelry) Came from the crack house, back room, black out Smoke hit they lungs, make 'em UFC Tapout No plan B, it was nothin else to map out So we throw stones while we livin in this glass house (glass house) It's been a minute so they ask where the fire went My kitchen clean but I still got the pilot lit Made a fortune out of fumes, my MacGyver shit Reality TV before Survivor bitch Yuuuck, put our lives on display Who's thinkin about tomorrow? We ain't promised today This rap game fickle, we ain't promised to play The last of the greats, pay homage to me [Verse 3 - Joe Budden] Yo, if my past had an encore, it'd be like an onslaught A lot of niggaz died, there's too many to mourn for I'm thinkin about my youth, us as little kids, am I wrong for Havin thoughts Bishop Eddie would Long for? I got decade old wounds, that are still bleedin That chapter of my life's closed, that y'all still readin (still readin) Straight face on, pretendin to feel decent Casket shoppin for a loved one that's still breathin (still breathin) Uh, swear that shit got in the way of summer Avoidin calendars, since all your days were numbered Laid out in the bed, could barely sit up (uh) Those were your last breathes, I was mistakin for hiccups (oh!) Y'all don't get the picture (uh), when your medicine is liquor (uh) I'm talkin phone ringin, bein too afraid to pick up I know you in a better place and that joy is felt I learned when death calls, it won't leave a voicemail (nah) You would be proud, I'm due to be caked up Wanna make your dreams come true? Gotta wake up (gotta wake up) You groupie niggaz, I don't see how you ill with it Broke and starvin but clingin to your meal ticket (meal ticket) Broke hustlers that bake that trash Back and forth to they vacant stash Still in all I know a few that'll make that cash Quick flip (uh), even Rex Ryan ain't lose the weight that fast Y'all should treat me like royalty (royalty) Last of a dyin breed, that puts money and power behind loyalty (word) Careful, that bitch shit'll rub off Me, I'd rather die with my balls, than have to live with 'em cut off (cut off) Long winded, be patient enough to hear 'em I'll give you the jewels, if you brave enough to wear 'em But know before you swallow it up Food for thought's only as important as what'll follow it up, Joey  (Joey ...) [Outro - Joe Budden - talking] (*echo*) Ta ha Dessert for thought for y'all Uh, go 'head, live with that Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Johnny Blanco f/ Styles P Album: Y'all About to See Song: War Typed by: StevieRussRuss@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Talking] Mic Check 1, 2, 1, 2... you know? (Johnny Blanco) Chea!! Yeah, Yeah! (The Ghost) Whoo!! WL, Double R, 2O, you know? hahahaha Casper Producer Co., Holla!!! 108 Corona!! Yeah! Blanco!! Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo.. [Johnny Blanco] My waist lines an oven, who wanna get cooked? Pretty and Handsome, but I move like a crook the bars don't stop call me Mr. B-E-S-T ladies holla, fuck you whitey, and rub on they breast and I don't need Kay Slay, to start no drama I bring it to you, ya bitch, ya click, father, and momma I'm hungry, ribs are showing, pass the fork I'm eatin everything beef, chicken, pussy, and pork(sucka!) The milis is warm, prepare for a storm I'm putting numbers up, murdering shit, to getting my fuck on to all my motherfuckin crackers holla back ladies suck on a dick and swallow back I'm always in lobbies Coke, X, and Weed pharmaceutical man, call the block, Dwayne Reed go hard or go home, no bull shit permitted fuckin with the kid get a clip in ya fitted [CHORUS] You don't want no heaters you don't really want no war better back up before we get ya you don't really want know war you don't really want know war you don't really want know war better back up before we hit ya with them thing that I tell ya, awww [Styles P] Fuck you, I don't care Ain't a nigga that I won't air What Up?...Yeah Fuck by in fear niggaz is getting jumped bullets in getting dumped niggaz is getting slumped What Up?..Its the D-Block boy the shotty tied to my leg, thats what I beat bop for and I massacre ya head and ya neck peal off in a teal colored Acura, and thats it like a hit man if ya hired, but I work for my self if I want niggaz dead then I murk them myself I squeeze and pop, let 'em drink from myself I'm a soldier even though I'm a boss and if you heard five niggaz dead, then you know I'm the source you ain't far, for a magazine have niggaz at the funeral like "like damn, they hit god with a magazine" when you fuck with P, its like gargling gasoline [CHORUS] [Johnny Blanco] 2O and Double R, shit's trouble pa fuck who you are, we run tracks like NASCAR's charac-tars y'all amateurs, with kalla bars, murder bars, who the fuck wanna change us? ya life a movie, you edit the hard shit dissolve the soft footage, you ain't hard, bitch ya flames is matches my kerosene catches and detaches, skin from bone and turns flesh to ashes and I don't give a fuck about no cake the shit flyin out my waist bout to spit in ya face a louisville sluggin ya, right in ya jugular to put a slug in ya, Johnny will have death huggin ya catch you in the studio writting a track and leave ya motherfuckin head sleepin right on your lap It's the cracker barrel boy with the holiday kid flying power out the holster, right by the rib [CHORUS] [Beat plays until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Josh Xantus f/ Jadakiss Album: Let's Ride 12" Song: Let's Ride Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jadakiss] World get ready for Josh, N-USA, D-Block HA-HAH!!!! [Verse One: Josh Xantus] 5'7 with a light brown eyes Head to your toe this shorty was fine  I, walked in and I gave her a smile  I couldn't rush it depends I have to take my time And, I couldn't make it so obvious But this girl caught my eye when she moved the hips I tried to play really hard to get But this girl blew my mind when she blew me a kiss [Chorus: Josh Xantus] (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Come and take a ride with me Sit on the side of my passenger seat (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin sexy I wanna take you to my fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Tell your friends you ridin with me So I can give you everything you need (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin tipsy I wanna be your fantasy [Verse Two: Josh Xantus] Girl your lookin nice, I drop the top and AMG We could cruise at night, And no this ain't a room Got you feelin right, girl you know it, cause you show it I wanna give you the world, It's your lucky night girl [Chorus: Josh Xantus] (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Come and take a ride with me Sit on the side of my passenger seat (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin sexy I wanna take you to my fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Tell your friends you ridin with me So I can give you everything you need (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin tipsy I wanna be your fantasy [Verse Three: Jadakiss] Aiyyo honey lookin real right, body real tight 'Bout to turn a fantasy into real life Just cause I wanna know what it feels like You know the first time usually a ill night After you get it in, good girls swear they never sin I wanna take her where she never been Uh, yeah but patience a virtue We could do the G4 thing or commercial And I ain't tryin to overexert you  So we could just chill in the crib, blow purple Sip San Grier, then I'm a start on your ear Work my way around to your rear But now it ain't nothin but love in the air Killin her from the back I got love in the air Then I lit a few doves of sour And make baby girl jump in the shower [Chorus: Josh Xantus] (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Come and take a ride with me Sit on the side of my passenger seat (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin sexy I wanna take you to my fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Tell your friends you ridin with me So I can give you everything you need (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin tipsy I wanna be your fantasy [Bridge: Josh Xantus] Grab your bag and let's dip Girl let's just dip, let's just dip Take you straight to the whip Girl to the whip, to the whip Take you straight to the crib Girl to the crib, to the crib I wanna show you girl how I live Girl how I live, how I live [Chorus: Josh Xantus] (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Come and take a ride with me Sit on the side of my passenger seat (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin sexy I wanna take you to my fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Tell your friends you ridin with me So I can give you everything you need (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin tipsy I wanna be your fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Come and take a ride with me Sit on the side of my passenger seat (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin sexy I wanna take you to my fantasy (Now baby girl let's ride!!!) Tell your friends you ridin with me So I can give you everything you need (Now baby girl let's roll!!!) I know your feelin tipsy I wanna be your fantasy [Outro: Josh Xantus] Now baby girl let's ride!!! Now baby girl let's roll!!! Now baby girl let's ride!!! Now baby girl let's roll!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaheim f/ Styles P Album: Ghetto Classics Song: Fiend Typed by: d_salyne@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Styles P] She's more than a dime, she's a dub Damn I'm in love Hit it from the house to the club Keep my mind on her Spend my last dime on her She bring me to cloud 9 when my ass climb on her Can see she make the picture clear Just like time warner Treat her like the car (Don't know the next line) She helped me focus in Get my rhymes right too and my mind right too That's why she shine through [Verse 2 - Jaheim] I gotta quit I gotta get this chick up out my system She's no good for me All of my dogs wanna hit her Right after I'm with her I eat then I fall asleep And it's gettin costly Lately all I've been banging is the chicks that come to see But surely she's a dime (Something about the girl being a dog) And I think I'm falling in love She gets me all chocked up I can barely catch my breath Don't want to pass her around I keep her to myself you see shes gives me stimulation And nobody's messing up our rotation Although I think it's big And you better believe Nobody's blazing it up but me [Chorus: Jaheim] I need her first thing when I wake up Call me a fiend And I ain't talking about nicotine y'all know what I mean Just call me a fiend I'm just a addict for your love, I've got to have it all your love I can't let it go I'll never be gleem You can just call me a fiend [Verse 3 - Jaheim] I twist her up, pull her to me real slow (so slow) Let the taste of a chocolate make my eyes get low But she burns through my paper so fast Gotta make it last Hate to watch them Swisha sweets walk past When my personal stash get low Then it's back to the block tryna find her Surely she's a dime In fact that girls a dub And I think I've fallin in love She gets me all chocked up I can barely catch my breath Don't want to pass her around I keep her to myself you see shes gives me stimulation And nobody's messing up our rotation Although I think it's big You better believe Nobody's blazing it up but me [Chorus: Jaheim] [Verse 4 - Styles P] I'm a fiend for her Go to sleep wit a dream of her Wake up, grind hard, get cream for her Play the whip on a lean wit her Just in case I don't make it home I'ma leave a team with her Me & her been down since her head was round I went to every party in town and bought her a round And now she get lose with it Her heads purple and green but she looks cute with it And I ain't mad at her I let the team take a stab at her I bring her home all alone and then pack her bags for her We can do it all night, right? Wake up and do it all day All we needs a light bright [Verse 5 - Jaheim] It's gunna be a slow process One kiss from her lips took the stress up off my chest Riding shot gun, body tight, couldn't hold it in Had to park and spark it up again And I swear she left her heaven scent in the air All in my clothes, all in my hair (She has my head in her ) Y'all know what I'm talking about [Chorus: Jaheim] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kasino f/ The L.O.X. Album: Life is a Gamble Song: Well, Well, Well Typed by: Delph226@aol.com Intro: Jadakiss (with Chorus in the background) Yeah yeah, Dinero, Kasino, Sheek Luch, Jadakiss, L-O-X, Genovesee Chorus: Jadakiss (2X) Just making out way in the world today takes everything we got Being involved with all this money sure do help a lot Verse One: Styles Paniro L-O-X bars, deeper than the bitches in the cars Styles hits the scene start twisting up the Lah And only Allah, will I fear when I'm here cuz even if I die I'ma be deeper where I stare That's either the ground or in the air do you hear? and if you don't dog let me make myself clear My attitude towards you, I feel I oughtta to sword you I'm in the whip, playing your shit, I fast forward you Jadakiss: It ain't no money now like it used to be back in them days stark blue 840 Convert. with the MKs Two-for-Five come free honeys try to pimp Jay but I just kick 'em to the curb like a Sensei Flow been here ever since the Rakim days ask Maria how I blew it down mad Wednesdays Now you feel me in your body like Ben Gay fuck what your mens say, them niggaz can't offend Jay Sheek Luchion: How many niggaz that you know can go solo And sell three...million and recoup each 9 for the group L.O.X. melt tracks like choc-o-la-te like M&M's let that Phillippino bite my body I can't sleep but not over no chick like Kelly constantly the ATF taps my celly Butterflies in my belly, got me 'bout to flee to Brazil underwater, submarine style like Lauryn Hill we chill 'Ready or Not' couldn't find another style like mine-a L.O.X. the Dream Team you'll get dunked on China Reminder nigga, we the real McCoys with a little twist of pumping crack, quick to bust your warriors Plus we keep our b-b-b-bones up in your main bitch when you don't be home Kasino: Scared money don't make money I got courage I take money, God don't like ugly But he got to love hungry, I do things to change the small change for the Range when I see Him I'll explain I know the price, I went from playing dice for dollars to "Give it up dog" cuz I'd rather steal than borrow Keep enough ice on the big and little hands of the Movado the time stays froze, that's my motto One in a million people wins the Lotto But give any dick access to the bricks he'll learn how to flip I treat my ones like a trick when she acts up somebody gots to get fucked to double what I spent And I admit, I done a lot of bad things to get where I'm at but I always came back Chorus (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Phaze f/ DMX, Sheek Louch, Styles P Album: Yonkers Anthem 12" Song: Yonkers Anthem Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com Uh, yeah Y-O King Phaze Yonkers {{echoed}} Let's get it [King Phaze]    I got full control, let's go rock and roll (Yeah) Three time felon no time to pose (Yeah) I'ma call my homies now it's time to roll By the time I get done, they caskets closed (Come On) And it won't take me ten years to be the next Hov (What) Mixed with Metallica, sick of amateurs  Rappin over guitars, like they could damage it This ain't the Jay-Z/Linkin Park Collision Course This the 80 car collision rock rap intercourse Styles P you been the boss, Phaze yo I been the kid (Wooo) Straight out of Yonkers, I conquered and did my thing (Y-O) Now I'ma turn the tables (Come On) I can now do Jimmy Iovine's record label Mentally I'm unstable, and I'm so capable Showin you what the razor do Now gimme $50 mil and a bank account Till then yo the guns and the shanks are out (Blaow) To rhyme wars on this track, sounds like a gangsta out (Come on) I hustle music like I'm running a crack house Roll over these rappers and motherfuckin bang em out [Chorus: 2x] Yonkers {{echoed}} Time's up so get low Aim high, wind up and let go Yonkers {{echoed}} Slugs fired, the guns blow You now rockin with the boys from Y-O [Styles P] This shit hot Phaze They ain't ready Shit hit like crack rock S. P. the ghost I do rap or black rock Lettin the mack pop, still on the back block Know that you're dead first second your hat drop (You're dead, yeah) Line 'em up, I annihilate 'em Hard like the white boys that listen to Iron Maiden (What up) Hoppin in the mosh pit, leavin with the iron blazin (I'm leavin) I'm the motherfuckin highest patient Ask Phaze that I can't be fazed (What up Phaze) It ain't a phaze, knock rocks while we blowin the haze It gets deeper when we come Got the devil on the guitar, the reaper on the drum (It's deep) And I'm a motherfuckin wild nigga (I'm wild) Son of Sam, or the forty-four coward killer So let me know when you ready (I'm ready) Me and Phaze comin through when the metal is heavy (Yeah)   [Sheek Louch] Yeah, wooo I'm tellin you, uh huh Aiyyo Phaze, talk to 'em, I got you Sheek Louch, D-Block Fishtail, it's Sheek the rock star like Van Halen Weed everywhere (uh huh) coke to the fuckin ceiling (Let's go) Bitches sniffin, neighbors riffin (It's ok) Smoke comin out the door when I light up my piffin Tommy Lee, nah this Donnie G (Sheek Louch) Don Gorilla, X, King Phaze and P (Let's Go) Blacked out Night Rider in the SRT One deep with the range it could fit all three (Let's go baby) I ain't seen a nigga hidin till I look in the mirror I'm an ol' skool baller like Yogi Berra Potato on the gun make it hard to hear 'em I run this shit I can't say it more clearer (Y-O) Bookbags, spray paint black marker (Hip-Hop) I'm tattooed up like Travis Barker Y'all funny muh'fuckers like Meet the Fockers (Ha ha) I throw the hoodie on, it gets darker, I tell 'em I'm from [Chorus: 2x] [DMX] Sky's the limit so I'm reachin for the stars (Uh) I'm tired of being the nigga that they keep behind bars (Uh) What's good? You got it? I'ma take yours (Yeah) I'm hood, fuck a gun I break jaws (What) Understood, there's nothing to bang for the cause (Uh) And I could cause you couldn't bang with the fours (Come on) Home of the brave nigga, take it to the grave nigga Beat to the streets (What) straight out the cave nigga (Wooo) Start off from School Street, aight let's roll (Come on) Goin up ahead, up Palisades, hit the hole (Bap) Y-O nigga, that's what I'm reppin (Yeah) Threw on the bullshit, keep on steppin (Yeah) Or you can keep dippin (Yeah) I dunno what y'all niggas heard but my niggas in Yonkers keep weapons (Weapons) Phaze 1, (What) S.P. and the dog And I'll rap this shit up and what, that's all Yonkers {{echoed}} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Boosie f/ Fat Joe, Foxx, Jadakiss, Jim Jones & Webbie Album: Wipe Me Down (Remix) 12" Song: Wipe Me Down (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com ("Mouse drop the track, that'll make you bounce with 'at") [Chorus - repeated 8X in background] Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) [Foxx - over chorus] AYY, Mr. Wipe Down ya heard me? Foxx-a-milli-on This one's be the, REEEEEEMIIIIIIX!!! Bad Azz! Savage Life! Foxx-a-milli-on Man you already KNOW what it is, ya heard me? We still on, we still ridin on chrome, we still pullin up, manye up [Foxx - Verse One] (Yeah!) I pull up at the club V-I-P Gas tank on "E" but all dranks on me (wipe me down!) Fresh kicks, fresh white, tall tee Fresh NFL hat, fresh bauds wit the crease (wipe me down!) Pussy niggaz wanna hit me wit da heat Real recognize real, real niggaz don't speak (wipe me down!) Jiggalatin I been rollin bout a week You can tell I got cake by the diamonds in my teeth (wipe me down!) [Jim Jones- Verse Two] Now wipe me down, at least brush the shoulders off A night on the town, sheesh you should know the cost A nigga breeze we had to deal to pull the roses off Three hundred G's for the D's just to blow exhaust (You smell me?) Two hundred G's on my sleeve cause I'm showin off No clouds in the stones the need be's are goin off (Whatv else?) Ladies on the scene till I drive and spin around (GO!!!) Hit the block tell the fiends wipe the rims down (GO!!!) Hit the chirp tell the team time to hit the town (GO!!!) Hit the club tell the waiter order me some bottles (GO!!!) Left the club with a shorty for the (?) (Then What!) From the club to the telly shorty that's the model The high got her on me (Uh huh!) Then why I got her horny And then rise like a orgy, she doin freaky things as the engine go vroom Tell her we don't need no room (No) She could go down while I look up at the moon [Chorus: Foxx] Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) [Jim Jones] (Foxx) Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (wipe me down!) [Lil' Boosie - Verse Three] B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D-A-Z-Z - that's me (wipe me down!) Red bones caramel all o'em stop and stare ALL o'em tryna steal my underwear (hahaha) (wipe me down!) I like to floss like Rick Ross, got a hit called "Set It Off" When I sang it E'RYBODY +set it off+ (wipe me down!) Black mink damn I don't play wit me I bust ya dome, eight whips on chrome, you can gon (wipe me down!) [Fat Joe - Verse Four] P-P-Party Like A Rockstar!!! T-T-T-Totally Dude!!! The bezel on the watch is totally rude I beg your pardon but the Benz is so huge I mean the Maybizzy We closin curtains like it's Moulin Rouge Yeah! I do the honors I strip ya Prada, Dolce Gabbana Make It Rain in her mouth call it a baby shower Now Wipe Me Down cause bitch I'm on!!! Yeah! I ring bells like that kid name Sean Now! He he he he ha!!! Yeah I had to laugh Two million ringtones and another half Y'all fuck boys go and do the fuckin math Now that's what the fuck I call bringin crack back [Chorus: Foxx] Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) Cause I'm on (wipe me down!) [Webbie - Verse Four] Hot drop, drop top, top drop Hoes drop it like it's hot, yea nigga I'm the shit! (wipe me down!) You see this ice on my wrist, how it glist soon as the light hit, you can't lie the ice sick (wipe me down!) Purple got me smellin funky red monkey Five hunnid dollars on 'em you ain't seen these yet (wipe me down!) BEATIN' you can hear me way around the corner Paint wet wit the 24's on 'em that's a bet [Boom! Boom!] (wipe me down!) [Jadakiss - Verse Five] (Foxx) Been nice with the pen, four pipes on the em When y'all little dudes see me before you smile and grin Know it ain't a game I told you it ain't a game LV on the buckle YXL on the frame (wipe me down!) This is real talk, stainless steel hawk I'm a put the work in but when I pass it off I'm tryin to cuff her I just need a couple minutes Red Bull and Guiness, do my thing let her (wipe me down!) Then I'm finished, Kiss is a menace Nah you ain't seen these Airs if I'm in 'em Polo Shirt yeah of denim Sicles on my neck and hand, better check ya man Brand new so I doubt if this tek will jam Don't even ask who the best is, yes I am I'm a winner, therefore I cant lose Shoulders and the chest first then come the pants and shoes (wipe me down!) [Outro: Foxx] Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes (Savage Life! Foxx-a-milli-on) Shoulders, Chest, Pants, Shoes (Man you already KNOW what it is, ya heard me?)(wipe me down!) [Jim Jones] (*Foxx) Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (D-Block, who else, Joey Crack, Terror Squad!) Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (Who else? Lil' Boosie) Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels Car, Dash, Rims, Wheels (REEEEEMIIIIIIXXXXXXXXX!!!) (wipe me down!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ Bun B, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Nas, T.I. Album: Crunk Juice Song: Grand Finale Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*SIREN sounds*} [Intro: Lil' John talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to this motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz (Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!" [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11 [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair 'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill 'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross 'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz f/ Jadakiss, Styles Album: Kings of Crunk Song: Knockin' Heads Off Typed by: lyrics_galore@hotmail.com [Lil' Jon] Come on, yeah OK Motherfucker, y'all know who it is Lil' Jon, them motherfuckin' East Side Booooyz I got my nigga Jadakiss with me too (D-Block, live son) We gon' do this for all the real motherfuckin' niggas (Uh uh uh uh yo) Holla at them niggas J, come on [Jadakiss] Yeah, Kiss name known, matter fact, Kiss name blown And bitches always wanna hit me like I just came home But I still put the tools in ya mouth Niggas know that I'm a monster on the East, but I'm huge in the South This is evil in the trenches and everybody starvin' So to get the money right we put the deisel on the benches "Down Bottom" feel like the ol' days Fuckin' with the corn liquor ridin' around listen to O'Jays When we loadin' the clip every slug gotta catch When you goin' to war every thug got his match SS baby, blue Impala with the mack in it Big gold cup with rhinestones with my pack in it It's like the jungle but the broads is fine And if they ain't puffin' crippie, then this Georgia fine Listen, I'm the wrong nigga to style with My motherfuckin' problem to reconcile with Nigga what [Hook] We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, motherfuckin' heads off yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, yeah We knockin' heads off, motherfuckin' heads off yeah You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho You wanna go nigga Let's go ho What...what...what...what...what [Lil' Jon] We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho We lettin' it go nigga Let's go ho What...what...what...what...what Pussy...niggas...lay it...down Me and my...niggas...fixin'...clown Pussy...niggas...lay it...down Me and my...niggas...fixin'...clown We throw our...fuckin'...click up We give a fuck if you don't...like us We throw our...fuckin'...click up We give a fuck if you don't...like us Don't...like...them...niggas Can't...stand..that...bitch Don't...like...them...niggas Can't...stand..that...bitch We'll...shut the...club down If y'all...niggas...wanna clown We'll...shut the...club down Bitch...say...something now [Hook] [Lil' Jon] Whaaaat....Whaaaaat Y'all know when the beat breakdown and shit What's up, what's up It's time to get motherfuckin' buck wild in this biiiitch Now this what I want y'all niggas to do, what's up All the real niggas and ladies out there, OK Y'all need to repeat after me, right now I ain't scared of no nigga, I ain't scared of no bitch I ain't scared of nobody in ya motherfuckin' click I ain't scared of no nigga, I ain't scared of no bitch I ain't scared of nobody in ya motherfuckin' click Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit man Man fuck that shit nigga, fuck that shit [Hook] [Lil' Jon] Yeah, BME ho, we up out this bitch Ruff Ryders ho, what's up But before we leave I gotta let my nigga tell you his name [Styles] I'm Holiday Styles, where the fuck you thuggin' at I knock off ya head with a Louisville Slugger bat P'll go to war and ain't never have to bring a nigga My gun is armed and my bullets like a finger nigga Call up Lil' Jon and them East Side Boyz All I need is a lil' bomb and them East Side toys You can catch me in the Dirty South, I got a dirty mouth Sittin' on the roof with the fuckin' 30-30's out I told you I'm a menace y'all I got enough guns to fill up the Lennox Mall In the front parking lot, coke still movin' good Guns still sparke a lot Hustlin' with family, partyin' with murderers D-Block and everything, shit you probably heard of us Yeah I'm a Ryder nigga, you ain't got a gun Or a motherfuckin' knife, you ain't even gon' try us I'll leave you with a hole daddy And for the fact that I'm in the Dirty South I'll be bouncin' in the old Caddy What - motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Jon f/ Jadakiss, Petey Pablo, Chyna Whyte, Roy Jones Jr. Album: Put Yo Hood Up 12" Song: Put Yo Hood Up (Remix) Typed by: lyrics_galore@hotmail.com [Intro - Roy Jones Jr.] Yeah this Roy Jones Jr. Pound for pound the baddest thing throwin' down The undisputed light heavyweight champion of the world We about to knock niggas heads off with this put yo hood up remix Lil' Jone and the East Side Boyz Jadakiss, Petey Pablo, Chyna Whyte Represent y'all in the hood tonight Yeah, yeah, uh uh [Hook] Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo hood up Put yo click up Put yo click up Put yo click up Put yo click up Represent yo shit motherfucker Represent yo shit motherfucker Represent yo click motherfucker Represent yo click motherfucker [Verse 1 - Jadakiss] I hold a 44 from the side angle Gunshots below the waist'll make ya thigh dangle Uh you know Kiss, all I do is puff hem all day Gettin' money in the Bluff or on MLK Since they brough gold back I bought me a gold mack To explode I leave ya back on Old National I'm in a gentlemen's club with gentlemen thugs But they call my hood pool dog cause we swimmin' in drugs Get high, get drunk, and we get shit crunk Violate you might die or just get jumped Jadakiss, Lil' Jon and them Eastside Boyz D-Block, every nigga got at least five toys Double R till they put me in the ground And I come back as a bullet, nigga put me in the pound Stop actin' like a bitch you scared What up niggas the remix, put yo hood up niggas [Hook] [Verse 2 - Petey Pablo] It's the dirty boy's home town, yeah bitch I'm on now Act any motherfuckin' way I want cause shit I'm in my own house Music - extra, extra loud Shorties - extra, extra out My flows - four mics, get The Source bitch and check it out I came to knock this bastard down Juic - ya bleedin' now You be it - the Petey style Why - hit the curb man I got 'em With the open mouth All I hear is oohs and awes What ya mama said, damn Petey king now Pow, I'm on they tails now Helicopter well now From Carolina to the ATL, it's hell now Ah, simmer down, simmer down Before they kick our ass out Lil' Jon thanks for the sixteen, yeah now [Hook] [Verse 3 - Chyna Whyte] Ha ha, keep the fame nigga I'm in it for the dough Fuck the glow, what's the sense if you ain't got cash to blow I had to shift my gears from fast to slow And get it past they time Hopin' that when I call home they dead or press the nine I bet yo hood can't fuck with mine Ooh the language I speak when them people roll around And niggas just don't crack they leak And they too quick to quack they beak You hungry nigga's ribs touchin' what Now you want half my meat You know the narrow Nigga I still run with the four pound metals Still lacin' the tracks with the pain of the ghetto You boys livin' a dream like the Cosbys And I'm tell ya one mo' time, no that ain't me on Foxy Don't get it twisted I got hitters that'll do you in And if the Feds come I got hitters that'll do my ten With no problem, on every song I plant my flow blossom From guns to gospel, Chyna Whyte AKA The Apostle [Verse 5 - Lil' Jon & The East Side Boyz] Bia bia - put yo click up and shout it out loud Bia bia - put yo click up and shout it out loud Bia bia - get buck in the motherfuckin' crowd Bia bia - get buck in the motherfuckin' crowd We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit We run this bitch, yo click ain't shit Say nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you Nigga fuck you - fuck you [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Styles P (The LOX) Album: La Bella Mafia Song: Get in Touch With Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched: "Now you've seen this before; don't, don't tell me what's been happening. Okay, just let me sit here, enjoy(?)"*} [Lil' Kim w/ scratched in samples] Yea yea yea yea - I'm back Aw yeah - I'm back I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats Aw yeah - I'm back I'm back Yea yea - I'm back I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats [Lil' Kim] If you see a 745 and a body that's wide Take a peak and make sure ain't nobody inside Fuckin with the Bee you might not make it alive Cause it's MURDAHHH; ain't talkin Irv and Ja Y'all sleep on baby girl, I seldom frown Spit the shank out my mouth, and bust you down Biggie left me the torch, so I'm holdin it now And you sick cause I'm a bitch and I'm holdin it down If Styles say get you, without no doubt I'm a set you real good then I'm airin you out Rep your coast, we got the crack, one hit you overdosed That shadow that you see, that's my motherfucker Ghost (Whattup nigga?) S.P., Lil' Kim, we in it to win it Do a bid for my crimey, that's my co-defendant And you snitch niggaz tryin to get a nigga locked up Come through in the ice and truck and tear your whole block up [Chorus: Lil' Kim w/ scratched in samples] + (Styles) Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap - yea yea yea yea And I'm about to murder cats - aw yeah And I'm about to murder cats - yea yea yea yea (She Bonnie, I'm Clyde) (I kill your mom and watch you stand there traumitized) Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap - yea yea yea yea And I'm about to murder cats - aw yeah And I'm about to murder cats - yea yea yea yea (It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us) [Styles P] You know the Ghost'll steal your soul from you Lil' Kim'll pull the four and leave a motherfuckin hole in you I need an antidote.. to take away the pain I gotta smoke weed or crack a nigga canteloupe I used to dream of this (I used to) but now I got the money and the house and the shit seem meaningless (What's it all worth?) If the grind don't ever stop (huh) Then my mind won't ever stop, nine won't ever stop (uh-uh) They say you too violent (fuck you) I say you too silent You scared to represent, I'ma make the news column This is Holiday and Lil' Kim (yes it is) Bust your gun, sell your crack, puff your weed, drink a lil' gin (Go ahead) Watch the drama ride (watch it) she Bonnie, I'm Clyde I kill your mom and watch you stand there traumitized You can't fuck with us (sho' can't) you think you could? It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us [Styles P] It's the Ghost [Lil' Kim] And the Queen [Styles P] I'ma shoot at most of your team [Lil' Kim] And I'm leavin with most of your cream [Styles P] Nigga knock off the riffin shit, understand that [Styles P] I'ma kill a made nigga [Lil' Kim] And I'ma kill the witnesses [Styles P] Y.O. nigga [Lil' Kim] Crooklyn bitch [Styles P] Nigga bust off your hammer [Lil' Kim] And cook them bricks [Styles P] If you really had dough like you said you did [Lil' Kim] We woulda run up in your crib and been took that shit [Styles P] If I want a nigga dead then I'm doin the shit [Lil' Kim] And your girl right behind you with the oo and the fifth [Styles P] It's the Queen and the Ghost, who shit this tight? [Lil' Kim] Yeah Frank is the King, so call me Ms. White [Styles P] And I ask niggaz who wan' dance [Lil' Kim] And I got his back like that bitch from "True Romance" [Styles P] S.P. the Mack Milli' [Lil' Kim] Q.B. the Tech [Styles P] Got the +Money+ and the +Power+ [Lil' Kim] Now where's the +Respect+? [Styles] It's the Ghost and the Queen, motherfucker get in touch with us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Drake, Jadakiss Album: Tha Carter IV Song: It's Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You who are rich and whose troubles are few May come around to see my point of view (mm-hmm) What price the crown of a King on his throne? When he chained in the dark (HA HA~!) all alone [Jadakiss] I'm as real as they come, I follow the rules I'm still in the hood, but I probably should move Made enough money, I don't fuck around I just felt they needed me, so I stuck around Feds got my man, shit is real son Cause my Godson just became my real son Think life is a game, but all you get is a turn You live and you learn, either you freeze or you burn Kush in the air, I'm pushin the gears Love turned into hate, hate turned into fear If it ain't right, I don't sign the deal Shoot me in the watch, I got time to kill Gasoline... propane Ain't no salary cap in the dope game Ain't no collective bargainin on cocaine So in other words nigga, do yo' thang [Drake] Mind in one place, heart in another Please pardon my brother, he's just angry at you niggaz who don't have yo' heart in yo' rap shit, and got too fuckin comfy Cause we still fuckin hungry, Young Money got the munchies Faded, fuckin faded, aww yeah I'm fuckin faded They tellin lies about me, aww yeah I musta made it Rikers Island on this flow, eight months for that pistol But at least they had some bad bitches workin in that shit hole Ahhh, three visits later, I went and did it major So fuck the judge, and the jury, and the litigator Watchin all these kids who thought they had it figured out And then November came, they let my nigga out [Lil Wayne] Uhh~! Stop playin, I ain't with that bullshit Niggaz act like bitches, Shanaynay, oh my goodness This is Wayne's World, and y'all are just some tourists Give me three wishes, I wish I wish I wish you would bitch! Brand new pussy, pussy good as baby powder Two glock 40's, nigga you got 80 problems Swimmin in the money, I'ma need some fuckin goggles It's better to give, but we don't give a fuck about 'em I just came home, shit done got real hoe Lil Weezy-ana, the boot nigga steel toe I ain't workin with a full deck but I deal hoe I just touched down, kicked a motherfuckin field goal Talkin 'bout Baby money? I got your Baby money Kidnap your bitch, get that "how much you love yo' lady" money I know you fake nigga, press yo' brakes nigga I'll take you out, that's a date nigga I'm a grown ass blood, stop playin with me Play asshole, and get a ass whippin I think you pussycat, ha Hello Kitty I just throw the alley-oop, to Drake Griffin I lay 'em down, Tempurpedic This shit's a game of chess, you niggaz think it's cleavage It's Young Money, yeah 'tis the season I give you the business, bitch this a business meeting My niggaz hungry, my bitches greedy Will I die a bloody murder? Dear Mr. Ouija Nigga I'm straight, my girl a faggot Potato on the barrel, pop pop, tater salad UHHH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Fat Joe, Sheek Louch Album: Exit 13 Song: Come and Party With Me Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Chorus: LL Cool J] We can chill up in the club, we can pop a little bub We can chill up in the VIP You can show a nigga love, you can give me back rubs Yeah, baby, come and party with me (hey) Yeah, baby, come and party with me (hey) Yeah, baby, come and party with me (hey) Yeah, baby, come and party with me (hey) Yeah, baby, come and party with me (hey) [Hook: LL Cool J (girl)] One-two, and pump it up, and one-two (ah back it up) One-two, and pump it up, and one-two (ah back it up) One-two, and pump it up, and one-two (ah back it up) One-two, and pump it up [LL Cool J] They say what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas If this ain't Vegas, let's pretend it's Vegas I know what you up to, your skirt's outrageous But I'm so fucked up that I forgot what your name is We can jump in my drop-head and pop the throttle Live our lives for the moment, baby, fuck tomorrow Kool-Aid smile on your face, popping a bottle Like you had an orgasm and you hit the lotto Throw ya hands in the sky, why, am I So, damn fly, can't deny My shit's tight, gear, sit right Ear, big ice, j-yeah, that's right Lights are flashing, living life with passion And if this was a movie, you would be perfect casting You killing me slowly, baby, you're like an assassin And you know that I'm married, so why the fuck you keep asking [Fat Joe] Now you can get with this or you can get with that You wanna pop Crys', then you need to get with Crack The whip's a 26 and the motor's in the back I call it Big Meats cuz the shit is all black Now you fucking with Coco, baby, I'm the poster, baby I'm a hustler's dream, you suppose to pay me I was dope in the airness, now I stick crack I stay fly, you seen a G four on smack, now listen Don't you wanna party with me? Where the kush is blowing and the E is free And the world is yours, it say it right on the blimp And that yacht's so big, we gotta call it a ship, hey Punks nigga, gun in the palm, nigga Pop off, whenever it's on, nigga Not tonight, I wanna hear my song And let Flex drops bombs when the shit come on, let's get it [Sheek Louch] Ok, Flex let Sheek on his Cool J shit Levi's, black chuckers, hope the deuce deuce fit Two-seater, little reefer, pass the old fever Showing her what hip hop is Todd Smith, G. Rap, nigga, Kane and Biz And if I talk L.O.X., I'm getting heavy sex This early, imagine when it get to Flex Toxic heavy, all black Chevy Sheek got 'em wet, like somebody hit the levy's I got a little Porsche, but the truck fit more More goons, more chicks, when it's time to score I'm straight out the door, boned from a raw Swimming pool bottom of it, big as Shakur V.I.P. cool, but the God at the bar Partying, no shirts, tats over the scar Ice in the sharper, come here, ma, I mean [Hook] Artist: Lloyd Banks f/ Jadakiss Album: V6: The Gift (Mixtape) Song: Chosen Few Typed by: AZ Lyrics I've got to live life to the fullest Put it all on the hands on the knife and these bullets They ain't got the pullers, got the prey, got the push I drink til I hurl, got the haze, got the kush It's just me against the world When I get to where I'm going I'ma show 'em where I'm from I am who the world gave me I'ma get this money son (yeah) Chosen few I feel like I'm one that's all or none More than every nigga born in the slum [Verse 1 - Lloyd Banks] You know death's around I corner but you still broke Life is a kick in the ass With a steel toe, when you chasing that real dough And I'm down to get mine wherever will's go Wings on the ones I love but the finner things so With all that being said I let it ring whole Chill through the winter, spend summer for a screen slow Check out my ring gold, jamaican terminology Follow me, then swallow me, it's no apology That's a part of me, probably why they honour me I gotta be, top lottery, high commodity Although it's like a job to me It's highway robbery Ride with me, where to? To the top, obviously I lost my pops in October, it made me colder No one to be able to stand shoulder to shoulder You know where you're sober No rewind, no control, no degree, no diploma Just a harder way to live [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] They ain't given to me so I took it chopped bad and cooked it Then take it for granted never overlooked it Now the bullshit came in, it went out of the oven air Coming from the hood, lucky to see another year Dip another bodybag up, shed another tear When I'm all willin' then we gone up the upper tear It ain't nothing like opening the fridge, and it ain't nothing there Everybody talking at the same time, nothing clear Yeah,what's a father supposed to tell his kids When the revolver become their relatives And they goin' harder than they ever did We all die but do we ever live? [Verse 3 - Lloyd Banks] Sound same as all automatic, cowards at it again Tackle my chin at me or my kin, thought I was limb Brought up my kid to Devil's stadium Red rights if you play with him But this gift, I'm flaming them lost and they half demon I sun up with my shady style Young and dumb to weavy ride Chaos every day we see, cripple own the way we lie You know I'm one hundred you ever gave me five Son got about this, still griefing the way he died I rather take an army with me 'Til then I'm living, fucking bitches, poppin' down and pussy You piss me off and they picking I'm way to hard to listen I'm way to red, I put my future on my doctor history [Outro - Jadakiss] Yeah, real niggaz shit Smoke out to it Zone out to it Count a half a million dollars cash Live life to the fullest, niggaz For those not here For those still here G-Unit, D-Block My nigga Banks, y'all ready Let's get it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd Banks f/ Styles P Album: The Cold Corner 2 Song: Predator Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] The sky is gray, it's like this every day The town is for the predator, don't turn into the prey I flip a million outta nuttin, make 'em feel a certain way Hopin that this Swisher puts me in a purple haze I got my eyes on the money, the only reason I'ma keep on Now I'm back in the zone, and then it's funny Chronic bag the cologne, another half and I'm gone Hope the shit in my bone, don't become me [Lloyd Banks] Horses like the derby how I'm on my pace Speakers boomin, trunk knockin like a room of apes I'm spinnin donuts, give me too much space Like the abducted how I do my tapes, get on the gate I want it all like Deebo, million dollar people He gon' crowd when I get in the car, vroom-vroom see you At the top I'm always clubbin, I don't see you a lot See me and rocks golden onyx, bumblebee with the watch Son be talkin reckless cause son gon' be with the cops I got the one and two slot, you'll be number three when I stop I got them bitches in shock, they gon' fool in public pussy poppin Be hoppin, go bar for bar with any rookie droppin She jockin, she in the car with me, she took me shoppin She trickin, ear to the corner cause the hood be watchin They boxed in, with no option the boulevard the boats{?} Ballin like a muh'fucker livin out my father's hopes [Styles P] Eyes on the money, keep on It's on {*inhales*} Older folks used to think I was a piece of shit Used to be crack money, that I got my sneakers with My eyes on the prize, don't you even try to peek at it I ain't just holdin this gun, nigga I sleep wit it Northside, Eastside, Westside, Southside Gangsta niggaz'll vouch how I put it down, outside Now it's room service for dinner And I ain't in the telly, I'm at home, I'm a winner You ain't Bruce Lee and I ain't the +Dragon+ to +Enter+ in your home In the Audi wagon holdin on the chrome My niggaz lift weight like it's barbells All I know is entrepreneurs, models and cartels Athletes, actors, mob niggaz that'll break yo' back in half And leave you a car for a chiropractor Me and Banks got our eyes on the banks If you fuckin with the sharks c'mon and dive in the tank What up? [Lloyd Banks] Uhh; I'm the best thing God made after he made beats Ignore sleep, up goin over my Hall of Famer speech Like "First off, I wan' thank my fam, and thank my haters And thank they girls for wantin to get a gangsta's favors" A baby born soft, we beat the candy out 'em Lil' man ran down his pops, now that's a family problem The summer's done, I still be kickin where it's sunny Let my tombstone read: "Gone gettin to the money" Let the bird get the crumb, don't trick a panty on a bitch son Hennessy to the ground, hope my enemies don't get none Shooter in all black, bet he'll spank you with the Mac You run up on me sideways you'll be plankin on your back Benzes from the benches, Benji' Franklins all for rap Cool with grimy bitches with jinxes, the cause for clap Out the country thousand pictures then took 'em New York and back Lashin out at the competition then shook 'em right off the map, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd Banks f/ Styles P Album: H.F.M. 2 (Hunger For More 2) Song: Unexplainable Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] UH! Here's why I go in, back on the dough route More money to spend, watch how I show out Lamborghini gloves out, that a bring the hoes out Dollar signs brung in, that's what I know 'bout Neck, wrist froze out, top five a no doubt Talk of what you got now, old money don't count Back what you kick out, a clip one in your mouth It's somethin flammable, my hunger is unexplainable [Verse One: Lloyd Banks] UH! Cool people, Knievel in my alto ego Zero, tolerance we strapped wherever we go Wife repo, 'bout a mil' and a half key holes Bite marks from you slugs on track some kilos Three loads, on my p's, q's, and my g hoes G-G-G whizz my rise like the superheroes Four, five, c-lo, look how good I reload Right back at you bitch ass niggas abide the g code Click clack deep hole, the industry Debo We built these niggas ground up now what they figured we fold Figure fours on the competition, I yoke 'em Tell me your jokin, my flow is like the levees open Foreign trips four to five zips heavy smokin Problem tips fourty five clip Chevy smokin He put all he got into this I bet he make it Ain't gotta give me shit I'm a take it [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] UH! Here's why I go in, back on the dough route More money to spend, watch how I show out Lamborghini gloves out, that a bring the hoes out Dollar signs brung in, that's what I know 'bout Neck, wrist froze out, top five a no doubt Talk of what you got now, old money don't count Back what you kick out, a clip one in your mouth It's somethin flammable, my hunger is unexplainable [Verse Two: Styles P] Here's how I show out Even though I'm rappin with niggas that move the blow out (Salute!) Let 'em pull the dough out You can make it rain but I rather make the snow out Run up in your crib with the big fo' fo' out (Whattup!) Here's how I show out Watch when I show up gettin chips off the strip with the piff and the blow up I'm a kill the block and then, leave when it slow up Get your mind popped off, before a sign that you throw up I just wanna lamp and see the weed plants grow up Niggas get that money, legal or illegally Bullets put these niggas, right where they need to be Bitches never leavin me, Porche pull up easily Back on the dough route, grams and the o's out Key and the pound wrapped, nigga where your pund at? Top five in the booth, top five on the stoop You could fuck around and I, pop five in your Coupe [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] UH! Here's why I go in, back on the dough route More money to spend, watch how I show out Lamborghini gloves out, that a bring the hoes out Dollar signs brung in, that's what I know 'bout Neck, wrist froze out, top five a no doubt Talk of what you got now, old money don't count Back what you kick out, a clip one in your mouth It's somethin flammable, my hunger is unexplainable [Verse Three: Lloyd Banks] Uh! Gettin money dancers and twenty five chancers My camp is, crazier The New Black Panthers Brush towards the canvas as I stroke my ego Rap Picasso with my eyes closed a side that's too dope for people Spark cohibas while I snicker at the non believers I break the heart in hoes, I gave my heart to sneakers I owe my life to Jesus, put my faith in God I got a thing for beaches, gettin my favorite job Pain happens young scarred that's what made us hard Money, drugs, guns ain't for soft shorty play your part I'm part of the lucky to leave the part Livin luxurious lady layer, that's my art [Chorus: Lloyd Banks] UH! Here's why I go in, back on the dough route More money to spend, watch how I show out Lamborghini gloves out, that a bring the hoes out Dollar signs brung in, that's what I know 'bout Neck, wrist froze out, top five a no doubt Talk of what you got now, old money don't count Back what you kick out, a clip one in your mouth It's somethin flammable, my hunger is unexplainable The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ The LOX Album: Jenny From the Block 12" Song: Jenny From the Block (Rap Version) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Children grow and women producing Men go working, some go stealing Everyone's got to make a living [Verse] [Jadakiss:] L-O-X... J.Lo...    Yea, yea, yo, yo    We off the blocks this year [Styles P:] Went from a 'lil to a lot this year [Jadakiss:] Everybody mad at the rocks that I wear [Styles P:] I know where I'm goin' and I know where I'm from     You hear LOX in your ear [Jadakiss:] Yea we're at the airport out     D-Glock from the block where everybody air-forced out [Styles P:] With a new white Tee you fresh, nothin' phoney with us    Make the money, get the mansion, bring the homies with us [Chorus: J. Lo] (2x) Dont be fooled by the rocks that I got I'm still - I'm still Jenny from the block Used to have a little now I have a lot No matter where I go I know I came from (from the Bronx!) [Verse: J. Lo] From "In Livin' Color" to movie scripts To "On the 6" to "J.Lo" to this Headline clips I stay grounded as the amounts roll in I'm real I thought I told ya (I'm Real) I'm really been on Oprah (I'm Real) That's just me Nothin' phony don`t hate on me What you get is what you see, oh [Verse: J. Lo] I'm down to earth like this Rockin' this business I've grown up so much I'm in control and lovin it Rumors got me laughin' kid I love my life and my public Put God first And can't forget to stay real To me it's like breathing, yeahh [Verse] [Jadakiss:] Yo, it take hard work to cash checks    So don't be fooled by the rocks that I got their assets [Styles P:] You get back what you put out    If even if you take the good route    Can't count the hood out [Jadakiss:] After a while you'll know who to blend with    Just keep it real with the ones came in with [Styles P:] Best thing is to stay low, LOX and J.Lo     (Everyone's got to make a livin') [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LSG f/ The Lox Album: Levert, Sweat, Gill  Song: You Got Me [Lox] Uh, yeah, uh huh, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh huh, yeah, yeah It's another one Uh huh, yeah, yeah It's another one, and another one You got me where you want me You could listen to Levert while leaving the country And then sweat it out when you feel comfy Or play Gill to the minute that ou say you're hungry Uh, you got me where you want me You could listen to Levert while leaving the country And then sweat it out when you're feeling comfy Or play gill to the minute that you say you're hungry Uh, you got me where you want me You could listen to Levert while leaving the country And then Sweat it out when your'e feeling comfy Or play Gill to the minute that you say you're hungry [LSG] I know You need Love and understanding Sometimes Feel like I can't give you more of my time You keep on wanting me To be there girl But I can't be Why you keep stressing me When you know I'm doing my best I keep on telling you  I do the best that I can do How can I get through to you Everything I do is for you 1 - 	You got me where you want me 	Tell me what you need 	Take me baby 	Tell me what you want 	Anywhere you wanna go is for me 	You got me where you want me I can't keep on going through these changes The more you doubt me You keep pusing me away girl You keep on wanting more I'm doing my best I'm doing everything for you Repeat 1 Girl, you got me yearning Yearning to know what I'll do with love Can you tell me what I'm doing But I'm always saying you don't understand I'll never leave you alone Repeat 1 Repeat Lox  Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lukie D f/ Baby Cham, Jadakiss Album: Party Time 12" Song: Party Time Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Baby Cham: Wow wow!!! Jadakiss: Uh huh, yeah Lukie D: Party time is on Jadakiss: Get ready Lukie D: Yeah!!!! Jadakiss: Lukie D Baby Cham: Baby Cham Jadakiss: Jadakiss Lukie D: J.U.B.!!!!!! Jadakiss: A J.U.B. production baby, D Block, yeah come on Lukie D: Yeah! [Verse 1: Lukie D] (Female background singers) Go ahead just shake for me mama, all day all night whenever You got it so work it, every man want your style Hey just one for the better, dancehall is packed together I like it we like it won't you do some more (Shakin it up) Like the way that you roll (Shakin it up) dancin out of control Just shake your thang like the way you swing, got me under fire (Shakin it up) Baby let's see some more (Shakin it up) brukout on the floor The way you move get the groove you know what time it is [Chorus: Lukie D] (Female background singers) (Party!!!) Baby baby let's (Party!!!) let's go crazy and, are you feelin me? Let's go crazy and (Party!!!) baby baby let's (Party!!!) you and I go (Party!!!) There's a party up in here [Verse 2: Jadakiss] (Lukie D) You know Kiss be crazy fresh, in sandies, jeans, thermos or crazy vest In the cut tryin to get you to hurl but it's different tonight It's all about this particular girl D Block nigga that's what's up She was in the front row we was on stage mashin it up You be in dog tacky like yeah she bad Her lips her hips might have been the gear she had And I wasn't really tryin to sweat her She looked so good the whole club was tryin to get her So you know I did what I was supposed ta Approached her asked if you could spend some time to get closer I don't know you but you know me It's all good though I'm in here with J.U.B Uh! Finish my drink, finish my dutch (Are you feelin me?!) Then after that come up in here ma party with us, uh! [Chorus: Lukie D] (Female background singers) (Party!!!) Baby baby let's (Party!!!) let's go crazy and, are you feelin me? Let's get ready to go (Party!!!) baby let's go (Party!!!) take your clothes off (Party!!!) Oh there's a party up in here [Bridge: Lukie D] (Baby Cham) When I see you wine girl you blow my mind, wanna take you over Watchin you all night, dancin in the light (Wow wow!!!!) Baby, ohhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! [Verse 3: Baby Cham] Yo! Don't stop girl keep shakin them hips, givin me eyes and blowin me kiss Hot gal hookin me up with some lips, dime piece poppin up in this (Ah!!!!) Nuff birds flippin, that's how we livin Nuff friends and menagetrois given Next stop is the crib I-ight, girl it's gonna be on tonight, we gonna.... [Chorus: Lukie D] (Female background singers) (Party!!!) Baby baby let's (Party!!!) let's go crazy and, are you feelin me? Let's get ready to (Party!!!) baby baby let's (Party!!!) take your clothes off (Party!!!) There's a party up in here (Party!!!) baby baby let's (Party!!!) let's go crazy and, are you feelin me? (Party!!!) Everybody let's (Party!!!) take off your clothes and (Party!!!) There's a party up in here [Outro: Lukie D] (Female Background Singers) (Party with me baby let me party with ya) Yay! party! (Baby Cham: Can you hear me now? come on girl!!!) (Party with me baby let me party with ya) Me and you and J.U.B.yeah (Baby Cham:Madhouse!!! J.U.B.!!!) (Party with me baby let me party with ya) (Baby Cham: It's gettin hot up in here! can you hear me?!) (Party with me baby let me party with ya) There's a party up in here yeah Baby baby let's, let's go crazy, take your clothes off Oh! Oh ohhhhhhh!!!! baby baby let's, take off your clothes and... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maino f/ Fabolous, Jadakiss, Plies, Swizz Beatz, T.I. Album: If Tomorrow Comes Song: Hi Hater (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Somebody call the doctor man......RE-MIX!!! It's like them haters out there got a sickness man that need to be cured Hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hey hey hi hi hi hater!!! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hater! Hey hey hey hey hey hi hi hi hater!!! Hi hi hi hi hi hello hello hater!!! (Remix come on man yeahhhhhhhh!!!) [Verse 1: Maino] (*Women in the background) Look! Don't hide I see you hater I'm a wave hi when I see you hater I've been dyin to meet you hater Please don't leave me I need you hater This is for the ones that's been prayin I'm 'gon fail They hatin, rahter see me back in the cell But i ain't in the jail my nigga I'm doin good Brooklyn we did it I'm keepin it all hood Keep hatin I'm rollin I'm goin past you Chicks like oooh I like him you see his tattoos (*Go Maino!!!) Look at me went from Smack DVD's to MTV Pants hangin down on BET Still in the streets nigga you see me!!!!! [Chorus: Maino] (T.I.) Hustle hard, stack paper, it's alright, y'all hate us It's nothin, we major, you see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Ay Maino, tell them haters get ready!! [Verse 2: T.I.] Ay Maino, tell them haters get ready!! I ain't got time, too busy I'm flyin Over the Atlantics, three or fo' Hispanics Strip dancin, no panties, askin me to take advantage Just imagine all the fun that I'm havin (It's scary) On average, I'm travelin, gettin that cabbage Performin in London, then I'm landin in Paris (Hahaha!) If I was you, frankly I'd be embarrassed You carry no weight, words hold no merit I talk big money, you cain't understand it My picture won't fit on yo' cameras Go win two Grammys, build cribs for a few families THEN you can come back and holla at me  God dammit, it's SAD - but I could give a damn what a sucka thank Hustle hard, Grand Hustle, call us Hustle INC. Me and Maino, Jay'll ate it, just like brothers think it's all about the music 'til it escalade to other things Sucka seen the Bankhead-BK connection You can hate it, but respect or else get dealt wit, bitch! [Chorus: Maino] Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! [Verse 3: Swizz Beatz] OK! OK1 Hi! my name is Swizz, your name is, hater So you see 'em, hi hater!!! On my watch, the Patek Philippe I don't lose no sleep, cause I don't fuck with y'all haters My car, the SLR, the engine through them like it's a guitar I'll leave y'all haters in the dust by far I'm designin planes y'all lookin at cars (LAMES!!!) Yeah! I try to keep the peace If you keep talkin the hawk 'gon slide in 'em What's up?! They all want the cake But I'm a chef so I gotta show 'em how to bake (GET 'EM!!!!) [Verse 4: Plies] Nine outta ten rappers - HATERS They get emotional when they ain't got paper When you get bigger than them then they hate ya FUCK 'EM! 'Cause I don't owe 'em no favors When rappers hot - THEY PRAISE YA! When rappers get cold, they spray ya We smarter than most, ask my lab-el My first-week numbers, real major! (Dayum!) Two hundred fourteen thousand sold, playa Take by the minute now, half be my neighbor I got a show, so I'ma talk to y'all later Forty thousand a show - now hater! [Chorus: Maino] (Jadakiss) Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! (Hello!!! How y'all doin?) [Verse 5: Jadakiss] Yo! A million dollars worth the ice on My wife beater show the pythons Drug money kept the lights on, and besides the gunsmoke The hate in the air is what kept the nights on They 'gon hate anyway screw bein nice to 'em Till you send 'em some hot ones or you put the knife on 'em Hi haters! It's me Jada Might see me in the D with pink gators Or I might be in the streets with three shakers Ten head cracks in a row with sweet paper Yeah I'm just tryin to get my cash The LP is on the way though, Kiss My Ass!!! [Verse 6: Fabolous] Let 'em show NY, like the folks who make PlayStation Yeah, I'm back, fresh off of hatecation I let the haters take a break Now I'ma let it out the bag like Jake the Snake If it's one thing for sho', two things for certain I'ma keep it up 'til my middle finger's hurtin Naw - I ain't had a brush with beef yet Some of y'all wake up hatin and ain't brushed your teeth yet I come through, haters gotta know that I am paid I be wavin like I'm on the float of the parade Hola, bonjour - hi hater! I keep it movin on hoes, call me vibrator Los' [Chorus: Maino] Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! Hi hater!!!! You see me, hi hater!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Main Source f/ Jay + Sheik (The LOX), Lotto, Shaqueen Album: Fuck What You Think Song: Set it Off Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Set it off, set it off, set it off, set it Set it off, set it off, set it off [ Jay (later Jadakiss from The LOX) ] I'm sayin 'WHAAAT?' to niggas that act like wreck When I flash the Tec and hit a nigga in his neck  With two slugs, blood is a sign of vic And if his bitch wannna snitch she can bite the dick That's my word, anything goes for the hoes I'm snatchin rings, earrings, jewels and clothes From the ghetto, tryin to get my hands on a ki So fuck Mike cause niggas wanna be like me They think I'm crazy, nigga, like a bag of dust I don't listen to the fuss cause I'm tryin to bust With the muthafuckin BM drop, 325 By the way, me and my crew, we real live Get absurd and hit a nigga with the bloody birds Niggas can't fuck around with the bloody words [ Sheik (later Sheek from The LOX) ] Aiyo, watch buckshots at midnight like I'm a fuckin crook Do stick-up's, head north, get the cash and book I make ends but it depends on my type of vic If it's a dealer the Tec-9 will gun him quick Who's to say if I want, money, and if I will I let it rip and up close so watch a temple spill Mad blood everywhere but who says I did it Bullets stay caught up in my gun, they wouldn't fit it Cause I'm blastin with a cannon every fuckin hour 22's don't work, I need the double power Watch your back for the wall, Lox hit the street And stay low for the stray bullets pass your meat Mad young but I don't give a hoot So I just pollute and kickin heads with the fuckin boot So put your dicks up, money, or head north Or head for the border from a squad decide to set it off Set it off, yo, set it off 	(4X) [ MC Lotto ] I know you niggas don't want drama cause I'ma tear that ass out the frame I was born insane and surrounded by the drug game It ain't a damn thing changed, I still chill  With the Glock on the block tryin to make a mill Niggas is done for fun, so don't test, son I find a victim and stick him and move to the next one Serial killer, but I ain't after Captain Crunch I murdered the Brady Bunch cause I'm out to lunch Lost my brain in the drug game, I love to do the wrong thing I make g's from sellin ki's of cocaine No judge can judge me, police can't touch me Watch out, shit's about to get ugly I got the Tec, so respect the Main Source MC Lotto, yeah, I came to set it off [ Shaqueen ] Yo, watch the evil spirit rise when niggas get me fed I slash a bitch and leave her weave up in a bloodshed A heartless bitch with a switch givin bitches stitches I got a backyard full of fuckin dead snitches And plus this chicken's throwin lickings comin from the mental No shame in my game, I'm aimin for your fuckin temple And plus I'm comin equipped with the mad styles The niggas I kill will go down with y'all profiles Yeah, you bloody roughneck, my style damn good The shit I kick is takin muthafuckas' manhood So all that shit you plan on talkin yo, you won't be able So watch your mouth before you catch a fist that rocks your cradle And now you know my state of mind that I'm lettin off And anytime that I rhyme I'm gonna set it off Set it off, yo, set it off 	(4X) [ Mikey D ] Yo, back the fuck up before I catch a body I'm givin niggas boxers and that's includin muthafuckin hotties So get your pistol and your posse if you think you could stop me I open em up like a autopsy I got a crew of niggas waitin for the combat If we can't get you we steppin where your mom's at So all that rah-rah shit gotta cease, I pop my leash If it's beef you ain't leavin in one piece I drink a forty and I take over 40 Blocks Niggas with Glocks give me props, they say, "Shorty rocks" From 40 Projects to 40 acres and a mule Knock out a 40, then I'm knockin out 40 fools If they ever try to get with the nitwit, forget this The hitlist and cripplin the witness I gotta get it off when I let it off Straight up and down, muthafuckas, I set it off Set it off, yo, set it off 	(4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mario f/ Jadakiss, T.I. Album: Turning Point Song: Let Me Love You (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss] (Mario) (Baby you should let me love you, let me love you) Ah-ha! Scott Storch! Did it again baby! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) T.I.! Mario! Jada! 3rd Street! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) D-Block! Trap Muzik! Double R! (Baby you should let me love you) (You should let me love you, let me love you, let me love you) This is the remix! (Baby you should let me love you) [Verse - Jadakiss] Just relieve your stress (relax) Chill your ring finger and freeze ya chest Cop you the new Beemer, the beads is next And even though it's a want I need the sex I hope it's just insecurity Cause I know she feeling me Digging the growth and the maturity But I got hard luck, cause honey keep keeping her guards up So I'm just trying to even the odds up And that part sucks to have to keep going back in on her When she know that I been on her Since back in the days in Manhattan after the matinee When she just happened to wave That's when I knew she had the right shine (right shine) And the right mind (right mind) It's just on me to catch her at the right time (right time) When I get her I'm a grab her by the wrist Pull her close to me, hug her and tell her this [Chorus - Mario] Baby you should let me love you, let me be the one to Give you everything you want and need Baby good love and protection Make me your selection Show you the way love's supposed to be [Verse - Mario] Baby I just don't get it, do you enjoy being hurt? I know you smell the perfume, the make up on his shirt You don't believe his stories you know that they're all lies Bad as you are, stick around and I just don't know why (If I was you man) Baby you'd! (Never worry bout) What I'd do (I'd be coming home) Back to you, every night doing you right (Your the type of woman) Deserves good things (Fist full of diamonds) Hand full of rings (Baby you're a star) I just want to show you [Bridge - Mario] Baby you should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you You should let me love you, let me love you Baby you should let me love you [Verse - T.I.] Don't you wanna cruise avenues in a ride wit a pair of shoes Shining like a diamond sitting high with raised latitude Heh, listen baby I could change your attitude You chilling with the king you ain't dealing with them rapper dudes Hey keep it real, kick it with me, is what you'd rather do I was popping before you, gonna be the same after you I ain't gon chase you, I'd rather replace you In case you wondered, I'm stuntin and way major If the ice don't matter, and the money don't phase you Cars don't impress you, I bet the sex'll amaze you Look you don't want to past the chance (hey!) Spend the summer in the bottom half of france Don't be alarmed I don't mean no harm I'll help you before I hurt you, I'm trying to rebirth you I wanna love you, I ain't just have to nail you You already know I can show you Better than I can tell you [Bridge] w/ Mario ad-libs Hey Scott Storch you crazy for this one! That boy crazy!! [Scott Storch instrumental outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Maino f/ Jadakiss, Jim Jones, Joell Ortiz, Swizz Beatz Album: We Keep it Rockin 12" Song: We Keep it Rockin Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Sample courtesy of "Let Me Clear My Throat" by DJ Kool] Here we go now!!! Here we go now!!! Here we go now!!! Here we go!!! Here we go!!! Here we go now!!! Here we go now!!! Here we go now!!! Here we go!!! Here we go!!! [Chorus] (Maino) New York City, knows how to party  In New York City, they know how to party  New York City (Yeah Yeah!!!) we be rockin (Welcome to New York!!!) The apple that's rotten (You're all welcome) they keep it rockin (Uh! MAINO!!!!!) [Verse One: Maino] (Ladies in the background) Roll up in the club like BOW!!!! We 'gon need our bottles right now...now...now We 'gon make a toast to the town Drinks in the air go shorty (Owwwwwwwww!!!) Welcome to my city see the bright lights Diamonds on my wrists, bright lights The fast cars, the hot girls, the night life The blue Yankee to the back, the white Nike's Sippin Tequila with divas I can't stand, I'm too drunk, Jesus!!! People outta town call me Brooklyn 'Cause they know how I keep it, Brooklyn [Chorus] (Swizz Beatz) New York City, knows how to party  In New York City, they know how to party  New York City, we be rockin  The apple that's rotten (OH!!!) they keep it rockin (Can't have no party without Showtime!!!) [Verse Two: Swizz Beatz] Swizzy Blanco from the Bronx yo (DAMN) See me in my Aston I'm movin real slow Boston Road to Dyer Ave Y'all niggas would die for the life I have I'm the one to make the artists blow (*Takes a breath*) Nintendo Smoke indo then go to party mode Put your hands up then just go retarded though DAMN!!! I got the beats to make the ground shake (*Explosion*) Earthquake I do it for the empire 'cause I been fire You ain't never seen a monster like me, you a liar [Verse Three: Jim Jones] Uh, soon as I step on the scene, you hear the bitches screamin (JONES!) I'm lookin like money, stick-up kids schemin (Word!) Spent 40 on the watch, keep the wrist gleamin I'm in the hood in the drop, got the whip leanin In Harlem, when I talk, it's like car speakin (eh-HEH) Listen close lil' mama, that's the car speakin (Chill ma) Vampire life, I hear ya heart beatin (WHOO!) Better chill lil' nigga 'fore I start Tweetin (Word!) Huh! GRR~!! And you can catch me at my Sac-town Or in the Ghost with the Bronx as the background Y-O F-D-R, head 'em back down I got homies in the jungle that will clap down [Chorus] (Jadakiss) New York City (EH HEH!!!) knows how to party (Uh huh, yeah)  In New York City (Uh huh, yeah) they know how to party (UNSTOPPABLE!!)  New York City (Uh huh, yeah) we be rockin (Uh huh)  The apple that's rotten (EH HEH!!!) they keep it rockin (Uh! Yeah! Yo!) [Verse Four: Jadakiss] Take a trip Up Top, they turnin niggas to mincemeat It's on soon as you cross 110th Street Yeah, you see poverty at its best If we ain't in the front of the lobby we on the steps Yep! A hundred deep in the V-I  Feel the floor shake when they start playin B-I Razors in the mouth, the shotguns is knee high Some of us rock True, some of us rock Levi's HA!!! But we all rock Polo Don't matter what borough, NY is the logo Talkin to the Po Po's a no no That should be a rule that's global (Uh huh) [Verse Five: Joell Ortiz] Uhh, you know they had to put the papi on it Like my fans when I crowd dive I'ma catch a body on it Leopold scope shotty on it I'm the hardest right now, I'll put my project library on it Pun gone, I'm the new Puerto Rico guy They basura, don't want it with the B-O-I Your rap image mad gimmick, me no lie I just go all out like Margarito eye Yaowa! That's the call of my army We'll turn your face to a dancehall like Serani's But nah, this a party I got a lil' change but ain't change so send over a bottle of Bacardi New York City, knows how to party  In New York City, they know how to party  New York City, we be rockin  The apple that's rotten, they keep it rockin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Angie Martinez f/ Beanie Sigel, Brett, Kool G. Rap, The L.O.X. Album: Up Close and Personal Song: Live From the Streets Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown singer] Ohhhhh.. senorita.. when the evening sun go down I come to.. serenade you.. from another part, of town 	{*car tires peeling out*} [Angie Martinez] Let's get it on it's Angie Mar' reportin live from the streets From Y.O. to Philly and Harlem to Q.B. When it drops it's game over, you'll see Introducing, Jadakiss and Styles P, where you at? [The L.O.X.] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo You know we still in the hood dog, in front of the store  With the work across the street and the gun in the stall Soon as somethin happen niggaz wanna run to the law  You know the code of the streets, never run to the law That's why I can't even run 'less I run with a four or I walk with a three, come and talk to 'em P  You can catch me down bottom with a bird and a glock  On the block makin money where they murder a lot Or you can catch me up top shootin dice for a yard  I'm talkin six digits, niggaz bet the house or the car  You can catch me hittin the spliff, sick in the pit  On the fiend like I'm missin my shit, they think I'm crazy Catch me hittin your lady in my Mercedes Bird on your baby, fuck you I'm keepin it gravy L.O.X. hold the hammers  like we waitin for screws With Angie Mar' BLOWIN MOTHERFUCKERS OUT OF THEY SHOES, WHAT? [Angie Martinez] Comin live from the streets where some died tryin to eat From Y.O. to Philly, from Harlem to Q.B. And when it drops, game over, you'll see Introducin, Beanie Sigel, tell me how you livin? [Beanie Sigel] Aiyyo, I've been kickin murder - since Adidas with thick strings T.I. sweatsuits, Pumas with thick chains Four finger rings, black belts with brass names I was spittin flames since niggaz was pitchin change I'm a hard knock kiddo, always played the middle Threw flacks in the crack game, getchu if I can getchu Since a buck, played the highway, dodgin the troop boys Jumpin in and out of Coupes, wavin for Duke boys Always chased a penny, copped quarter waters Tried to make a dollar chased my pop's boss daughters Tryin to make my name, global, in all four corners Philly baller, gamin in all four quarters Never worked, never will - all my hoes buy my clothes I can't go broke, never will - all my bros buy my O's I'm the best thing that linked up with New York since Sprewell I murder, nuttin further - fill in the details [Brett] I'm here, it's over, fuck how y'all feel When I drop, y'all gon' realize it's all real Bein left for dead, tied up, smoke 'til I was dried up So high up, seem like the sky ducked, high what? Life was rough, but now it's nothin to hide Used to click and be quick to put this gun to yo' side Be like, "That chain nice - I like that pal. Matter fact {*click click*} I'd like that now." You've got game? Call the name, just spell the name right Brett, one of the best rappers ever to touch a mic It's prophecized I'd write, spit scriptures mind blowin 'til my coffin top close and heaven skies open Fear no man's my slogan, I hope y'all believe I'm just like you, fear nuttin human that bleeds My mind breed two movies, six ab-lums, a hundred poems Thirty R&B joints, I'm beyond the norm, y'all just mad I'm just glad, got my time to shine Y'all the type to hit three hundred bars and run out of rhymes [Angie Martinez] Brett, from my ByStorm family, with Angie Come live from the streets, from Harlem to Q.B. And when it drops, game over, you'll see Introducin, finally, the legendary Kool G. [Kool G. Rap] It's B.G.S. kid so what you facin? Caps racin Decapitation twenty buck-fifties and lacerations Guerilla fam' camouflaged out in the grass waitin to blass your nation slash like Jason and bash your face in We ass lacin top bodies and half in the basement Our style, cast you so bad you'll need plastic replacement When gats is raised in, fascination blastin and blazin Evacuation for your whole staff there's gas in the tank and Gets back abrasions from cap grazin, defy gravitation Pull my shit back squeeze bust it like masturbation Hold fort, hold the blow torch, leave your soul scorched with no remorse, the state of New York, get your shit caught When niggaz hawk, let the fifth talk So tell me who's the next man to flip? I stop the beef shit, with rubber handled grips Your candle get lit, guerilla shit feed us banana clips The hammers hit, anything in our range we dismantle it [Angie Martinez] Like to say thanks to my street correspondents, for gettin on this Comin live and direct with no nonsense Sorry folks for hurtin y'all, the previous has been brought to you by "Up Close and Personal" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Black Rob, DMX, The Lox, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: 24 Hours To Live Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Puff Daddy] I want you to ask yourself one question If you had twenty four hours to live, what would you do?  That's some deep shit right there, a lot of pressure How would you handle it? Mase, what would you do? [Mase] Yo, I'd turn out all the hoes that's heterosexual Smack conceited niggas right off the pedestal I'd even look for my dad that I never knew And show him how I look in my Beretta, too I'd do good shit like take kids from the ghetto Show them what they could have if they never settle Take every white kid from high class level Show 'em what Christmas like growin' up in the ghetto Teach niggas how to spend, stack the rest Give blunts to the niggas under massive stress Give every bum on the street cash to invest And hope Harlem will blow up be my last request [Jadakiss] Yo, yo if I had twenty four hours to kick the bucket, fuck it I'd probably eat some fried chicken and drink a Nantucket Then go get a jar from Branson And make sure I leave my mother the money to take care of grandson Load the three power, hop in the Eddie Bauer And go give all six to that papi that sold me flour Get a fresh baldy, make a few calls Shop at the mall, shoot a lil' ball Have all of my bitches on one telly at the same time Spread it out on different floors And I'm gon' play lotto, for what? Even though I ain't gon' be here tomorrow, so what [Black Rob] You know when I was close to the ledge I'd probably be in the wedge With this bare spanish mami playin' 'tween my legs Then I'm off to get choke and smoke one a them dreads And get that bitch from '89 that gave us up to the feds Thought of momma, wrote her a note, we ain't close I hate her boyfriend so I put one in his throat Fuck around and sniff an ounce of raw, bust the four Fours, pull out my dick and take a piss on the floor Jump in the whip, git them cats I wanted to git Since the Tavern on the Green robbery in eighty-six Went home took a shower in nice cold water And spent my last hours wit my son and my daughter 1 - 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? [Sheek] What hey yo, if I had twenty four nigga gotta get the raw Run all them papi's spot, put one in his head at the door For the times that I paid for twenty an he gave me twelve The other eight had to be baking soda by itself So papi fuck you, you dead now, I'm off to the bank With those bricks in a bookbag and a stolen Jag I just grabbed Went in there grabbed the bank teller wit the pretty face Fuck her in the safe, and have her take me to my place We'll make a kid but that's selfish and that'll be bad For my son to have the same shit his pops just had And when I'm down to twenty three, I'm a be strapped wit TNT Run up in city hall and take the judges wit me [Styles] If I had twenty four hours to live, I'd probably die on the fifth Run in the station squeezin the inf' I'll be waitin' to get to hell and bust down Satan Styles' on this shit and I got spot vacant Back to the twenty four I make it out the precinct Shootin niggas that I hate in they face while they eatin' I'm on the job robbin' every so-called Don Give the money to my moms and tell her that I'm gone I would school my little brother that niggas mean him harm He should learn to tell the future without readin' palms When they come in with the bullets, you prepared with the bomb So fuck bein' violent get stocks and bonds [DMX] Twenty four left until my death So I'm gon' waste alot of lives, but I'll cherish every breath I know exactly where I'm goin', but I'mma send you there first And with the shit that I'll be doin', I'mma send you there worse I've been livin' with a curse, and now it's all about to end But before I go, say hello to my little friend But I gots to make it right, reconcile with my mother Try to explain to my son, tell my girl I love her C-4 up under the coat, snatch up my dog Turn like three buildings on Wall Street, into a fog Out with a bang, you will remember my name I wanted to live forever, but this wasn't fame Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: McGruff f/ The L.O.X. Album: Destined to Be Song: Reppin' Uptown Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Sheek Luciano) Yo, I'm the same nigga that when I get locked up I don't call no nigga to bail me out (Jadakiss) (McGruff) Yo, let me sit for a while, man (Ty) I wanna get acquainted with niggas I'm ready to blow niggas down for the jack (Uptown) Whatever (Yonkers Harlem) [ VERSE 1: Jadakiss ] Yo, it wouldn't be wise to play this guy But let's say you tried, it'd be the day you die I'm Jay to the - mmpfaah, callin ya on love tat, baby And all I see is payday, y'all niggas ain't crazy Frontin like you big, but I run with them kids That'll poke one in your ribs, leave you under the bridge It's a money thing, and a little bit Make niggas forget about they youth, like they bulletproof Doin deals in benegans with Dominicans But my transporter's a bad West Indian I always knew I had butter, but I never found it When your style be like the law, cause I get around it [ VERSE 2: Styles ] Aiyo respect comes first, send it throughout the barrel Bullets travel - until you hit the gravel Every week's a war for sure, so I adore Those who keep the toast close, mi amor Audi 840, gettin floored for raw And the streets come first, I can teach you more Like if I knew you had bricks, I'd be kickin your door I'ma rob em with Guess jeans and Air Max jogs Only one page, you ain't ready for the saga In it for the dough, flow hotter than lava 'Livin Off Experience' layin low like the Nigerians Cut like a cesarean [ VERSE 3: Sheek ] Yo, if I can't afford ???, how you figure I could write a rhyme? Or do crime and hustle and still struggle at the same time Stay wonderin when the next time we might eat We pack heat and run from police like a track meet I'm tryin to acquire the cheddar to make my life better Rock Gucci sweaters, push Beamers with the headers But right now ain't nothin lavish for my members In and out of jail for the past 2 Decembers I even seen a kingpin get stripped naked in Sing-Sing Used to be a thug, but in jail he's somebody thing-thing I ain't tryin to look jiggy when I'm runnin from Miss Piggy Cause fancy niggas get extorted kinda quickly in the city [ VERSE 4: McGruff ] Puff 'dro from the _High Times_ Committin organized crimes Ski mask disguise mine Slid by the guidelines Bust off like fire nines Stalk, I shine, frauds talkin jive rhymes Get they earth took, nigga frontin like Herb shook The dirt book, run with thirst crooks, 8th and the 3rd look Word look, smoke you like purple hayze herb cook Caught a pie from these oyeys on my first jook Fuck it, yo, life's a bitch, gotta love it though All I ever wanted was knots and buck the flow Have a mansion, dope parties with a tubble-mo You know how the shit goes Fly hoes strip clothes and my kitkos The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae f/ Bully, Sheek Louch, Trife Diesel Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Youngstown Heist Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] For the city, to get this money, Vegas, yo, yeah [Ghostface Killah] (Trife Diesel) Here's the rundown, Mustafa's getting money out in Youngstown Get some goons together, a driver and bring them guns down Heard he had his hands in some bricks, plus a few pounds Hang with some wild Haitians, settle shop in the dude lounge Niggas is migrating, he came from Cue Gardens With a live situation, got it in preparation When you get there, pick up the whip with the navigation And follow all the clowns til you get to your destination (We here Tone, got our masks on, we bout to run up in I know you ain't talking bout the house, with the broken henge 65 Alpine Drive, it's looking shady So I hopped out, pulled the glock out, plus the 3-18 Hit the living room, I've seen a ripped up sofa, a shattered coffee table Broken lamps, and a flipped up stroller The place was ransacked from front to back) Yo, Trife, what you talking, black? (Yo, Starks, cut the bullshit and tell me, where the office at) Take a left and head, down the hallway steps Pass the painting on the wall, the third door on the left The safe is on the wall above the fireplace near the decks Look inside the top drawer, and get the key out the chest [Interlude: Sheek Louch (Bully)] Damn son, aiyo what's taking this nigga Trife so long (I don't know) Oh shit, yo Bull, get down, get down, get down Look at Stark pulling up, son (aww man) I'mma try to kill this nigga [Sheek Louch] (Bully) Aiyo, hurry up I see a car pulling up, windows tinted Can't really tell who's in it, but, I know it's a rented Down south plates, Atlanta or, one of them states (yo the cameras on) Man, I wanna see what's up in those crates Should I pop off, take his top off, before he get to you Bully like (Yo, chill, chill, this is what we gon' do) aight (Go ask for directions, right, I'mma go around the back Wait for them to come inside, I'll hit these niggas with the mack) Ok, before it even get to that, let me see where Trife is at Hopefully he on his way, and no one gotta die today (bang bang) Two shots go off (Homey trapped inside, quick put the mask on, Sheek) Fuck it, Bully, let's ride Shooting out the sunroof, missing and shit I was too high, still think my Dutchie was lit Trife running out the building, busting, cussing Blood everywhere, you had to see this shit (disgusting) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Fat Joe, Styles P. Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Ya'meen Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yo, I'm bout to hit you with this ya'meen On top of the ya'meen, with a lil' bit of ya'meen mixed in Ya'meen? Yeah... yeah... yo [Method Man] How should I get it started, fuck it, just get it started These trash talking artists is nothing, niggaz is garbage When Meth strike his target, leave it dearly departed His flow is clearly the hardest, y'all gon' feel me regardless Might break a promise, but never, breaking the code Some get popped and call for they mamma, when the drama unfolds My block, hot as a sauna, never wind up and joke Crack deals on every corner, fiends wanna foam you with soap And, if life's a bitch, then I bet she bitter and cold Everytime she thinking I fold, seven figures get sold Meth, all in your chest, or inhale it all in your nose Cops don't know about this Method, but smell it all in his clothes Yup, I'm still intact, how real is that, I'm back With enough, fits a million, to figure vanilla wraps up New York, New York, rock tube socks and Timberlands Cuz hip hop ain't feeling them flip-flops, they feminine [Chorus: Method Man] I'm the one shot dealing, one shot killing it (ya'meen) Yeah, it's the top billing, the block feeling like (ya'meen) Yeah, fuck with me (ya'meen), yeah, fuck with me (ya'meen) If you not for squealing, and for spilling the (ya'meen) The streets is watching the apple rotten like (ya'meen) Plus the B.B. hot and the towers dropping like (ya'meen) Yeah, fuck with this (ya'meen), yeah, fuck with this (ya'meen) If you get it popping, or get to popping 'em (ya'meen) [Fat Joe] You know the haters diss you, let's deal with bigger issues You know New York is dying after all the shit we been through And we done lost B.I.G., we done lost Pun Homey, you can't live, gotta go and get them guns You know the hammers'll lose your cabbage, them dudes do damage Send Zulu Nation through Reaganomics, we move them package We pushing rain pain, gotta go and get that money Y'all going "hey hey", but don't that pen look lovely You - must - not - know - who - y'all niggaz is fucking with I - can - take - life - nig... just for the fuck of it Crack's crazy, that nigga'll smack babies Clap ladies for yackin' you gon' catch shady Call it a mass shower, the way them hollow's drizzle Mr. Potato Head, you know them things can't miss you The Average Joe, with an average flow Me and Meth bringing back New York, nigga [Styles P.] You don't like me, you can get what's right above the testicles S.P., turn your top five into vegetables You don't believe me, get 'em all in a room And the next five, I plan to getting all of them soon Y'all can meet me at the table that's round, or get ya place in the ground That's what you get, when you facing me, clown Who got the crown, I'm piss on it now, while you wearing it Nobody nicer than Ghost, I ain't hearing it Been Nike Airing it, white tee out Stick-up kid season when the dice be out I'm a thug or star investing in living, niggaz sippin' soup Ghost rapper, knocking out your icey mouth Niggaz in the East wanna unite, not me If you ain't sayin' I'm the best, you ain't come to be right KnawImean? If you don't, then you not of being Your four-four, knock little pieces off of your spleen, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ DMX, Ja Rule, The Lox, Tragedy Khadafi Album: Vendetta Song: Usual Suspects Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch Yeah (Grrr...) Introducin the suspects DMX (Grrr...) Ja Rule LOX Khadafi (Grrr...) Mic Geronimo (My niggas...) [ VERSE 1: DMX ] What's all the noise about, have some respect, shut the fuck up Drive-by, money talkin shit, yo, back the truck up Y'all niggas don't respect me but you fear me And fear is better than respect, y'all niggas hear me If I smack the shit out this nigga, his man over here be like, "Yo What nigga, what," but his man is like "Psych, yo" Can get from one extreme to the next And my shit always bounce like DM to the X I can bring it from up here: "Enough is enough!" Down to: "Aight, I think it's safe to take off the cuffs" Play with words, blurs and slurs, flip styles Take his and hers, niggas is cursed, I get wild So don't make me angry, you won't like me when I'm angry I met a lot of enemies and they all like to thank me Catch me when I'm sleepin with one eyed closed One guy chose to doze, left one guy froze filled with hoes [ VERSE 2: Ja Rule ] It ought to be a long time before they touch this here It's Gotti's consigliere, let's take it there, make a mill a year Push Bentleys, ice drippin off the jewels daily Ja the one, what, y'all don't hear me? Nigga, y'all remember, CMC 95 December Fine women, illegal tender, such is life When I feel like I ain't to be held, who can hold me? Hoes try to console me, rec execs wanna own me Damn if I die slowly, drugged out, broke and lonely Like so many who pushed roadie before me Ja hit em precisely, God just don't make too many like me Inadvertenly shittin on the top 20 Y'all niggas kill me, talkin like y'all can't be touched See, by the time y'all realize I be done touched you up Blazed you up, your whole style chump, nigga, what Think again if you thought if I thought I give a fuck [ VERSE 3: Jadakiss & Styles ] Yo, it's pitiful, everything's political But I got more rounds now, so all y'all can get a few You know the shit that we be on, the three on 'Must be the money' like Deion that we see on Players, you pop shit, I rather pop shells Twist l's, blow chats with the rap cartels Nigga, one nation under gutter (aha) LOX style (yeah) I bring it to your mother Christ, you get iced if you fuck with my brother You know who run New York, so bump the undercovers Yeah, it's a family affair, you find it rare My niggas stick together and none of us care We ain't got time for cages, doin ages Thinkin of my crew holdin my two razors Lockin in, lockin out, I play the block Poppin up, poppin out, I like to shout I get the finest clothes, top of the line guns Honeys sellin crack, put this pack on your son It ain't my fault I want a vault full of money This shit is dead real, I seen a nigga shoot a honey Now who's to blame when you bleed, ain't no answer If it ain't a bullet, then I'ma die from cancer Puff out till my lungs is gone And nigga, it's a war till the guns is gone [ VERSE 4: Tragedy Khadafi ] Yeah... yo Giuliani showed me to hell's another level Blessed by Allah, possessed by the devil Born in this crime I was sworn to do Slayin you fake thugs that's performin too I'ma bleed 25 till my dying day Sprayin a AK till this world decay If the feds wanna stay, we gon' make them pay Cursin they whole life till they old and grey In the name of the Father and the Holy Spirit Will they murder me in hell, crucify my lyrics? Only time ever tells and I know that you feel it All my niggas in the cell, yo, I'm with you in spirit Nothin nice 'bout a nigga when he doin his bids Comin home to the next man raisin your kids To my thugs in the Bridge, hold your head Cause niggas is gon' feel it till they cold and dead [ VERSE 5: Mic Geronimo ] Runnin with five niggas, criminal disguised niggas The live niggas, pull a mac, what, surprise niggas Holdin my mic stiletto-like Invitin these waterhead niggas to get splashed back and take it light Slided back when we're 16 my mellow my brother Told me lay it back, aced back and play it mellow Seein how I'm a young Othello Don't confuse me with them brothers who lost playin black De Niro A boss with this, gettin tossed with Cris The gorgeous shit, we ballin flawlessly  Whatever y'all brothers try, but never to touch me The god, heated up beyond the frequency Now it's time to put you niggas under pressure, we form Here I am, if it's on then it's on If the world was yours, could you keep it from a nigga like me? Hold your head, we about to see... Muthafucka Yeah Usual Suspects Never suspect niggas Yeah What y'all thought I was gone Never that It's Vendetta Y'all'll see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Jadakiss Album: Amerikaz Nightmare Song: One of Ours Part II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You know, situation like this Sometimes you know you gotta give back to the community Gotta show these motherfuckers how to wipe them thangs off y'know? Teach 'em a little somethin [Havoc] Pick you up, off your feet like a forklift, but instead it's the four-fifth Ragu red, your brain leakin them sauces Like an, autopsy leavin 'em nauseous, when I aim at your bosses Put a pep in that bop that you walk with When my tec spittin at reinforcements I could never be a victim, but the streets I endorsed it Spittin that real, y'all cowards just cough it Like fluids in my lungs, motherfucker I'm more sick You turn them hoes off, I put 'em on so they on this You talk game grammar school, mines metamorphic Dem fools ain't killin nuttin in the club, they all bent My intent is to sober that ass up, leave 'em all drenched See what a few cups of liquor can offset Got a little paper, I ain't stressin, they all press Ain't sellin records, they come at me for more press When they realize it's real them dudes out coppin more vests Better learn how to [Chorus: repeat 2X] Wipe, them guns off, get that money money Wipe, a nigga smile, off ain't nuttin funny Show, you motherfuckers, just how hungry you get, when your feet are touchin (kid a nigga hungry / yeah, he one of ours) * * changes each repeat [Prodigy] P gunna, shots stay a come up out them hammers at light speed, make it a hot summer in New York, New York - a.k.a. Ground Zero The Big Apple, with the worms in the middle (eww) The White Castle, the Empire State The home of that Time Magazine new face Metropolis of the world, I'll show you where I come from by how the cash stack, and how I make a gun bust But look past that, and listen how a killer be Imagine the concert, they dancin on they seats Shorty mad gettin stained, she damn near about to faint She never saw a grimy dirty nigga like, P With mad diamonds in his chain, she tryin hard not to blink Don't wanna miss a thing, the song that we sing Mad diamonds in his chain, she tryin hard not to blink Don't wanna miss a thing, the song that we sing BANG! [Jadakiss] My niggaz they can't stop us Ev'rysince we got our hands on the AR's, the S, and the fresh choppers All of them is filled to the top with the vest poppers We can get it on with America's Best Coppers Soon as the lead pop you, whoever don't make it to the funeral or wake can catch you on Ted Koppel I'm a rare thumper, you just a gay nigga with a rainbow sticker on your rear bumper They say life is short, death is longer That makes it even harder to express my hunger And I don't wanna polly y'all, I'm a zone of my own Sorta like Tom Hanks talkin to that volleyball A "Cast Away," I'll blast away Fuck if you broke tomorrow, get cash today And even though it's hard, niggaz is on they job It's the Ryders and the Mobb, before my niggaz starve we'll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Jadakiss, Jay-Z, Nas Album: Win or Lose (Remix) 12" Song: Win or Lose (Remix) Typed by: kendk6769@uwc.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Havoc] It's real, yeah, right, oh, uh, it's right, oh yeah, whoo Feel it baby, yes Another day another dolla, it's about gettin money Then you can gimme a holla, my nose runny I've been out in the cold, hustlin for so long, my hands numb But bet I feel that paper hit my palm [Nas] My stripes show like regimines, military intelligence Murder game, I leave no evidence, credentials Go ask my preschool, even talk to my old principal He tell you how I used to pack a number two pencil [Prodigy] It's like ah shit it's on, time to go shoppin For cars not fashion, my whips be the bomb My clothes, be the same shit that we had on Fuck lookin cute save that for the broads [Jay-Z] Ya brought to the game, all the scores the adrenaline rush Your blug-boys not knowin cops could rush And you in a drop, you so easy to touch No two days are alike, except the first and fifteenth pretty much [Havoc] It's the H-A-V-O, C dump and reload Knock knock answer that I'm blastin through the peep hole Body charge, pay lawyers so we get those Get locked then I'm sluttin lady CO's [Prodigy] We be the only niggaz you know that fuck they PO's They push our files to the top, you still on peroll We got, money to roll, no time for pennetentiaries Too much dollars to fold, it's bulgin out our jeans [Chorus 2X] Here I go again, whether I win or lose But losin ain't a option girl My destination is top of the world [top of the world] [Havoc] Ya'll like bitches, the chit chatterin Stay not likin a nigga, but givin dap to him Hav don't change for no chick, and they adapt to 'em Never get cool with you niggaz I end up clappin 'em [Jadakiss] Ey yo my attitude is subject to change I mess around and spit twelve with the drivers side doin ya range Six hit you, the other six up in ya dame Mafia style, leave you with your watch and your change [Prodigy] Federal note fettish, you fuck with my niggaz Franklin and Grant Get yo ass blammed with the quickness Ya niggaz is finished, you overdosin the world with that cute shit It's time for this realness [Jay-Z] And trust, is a word you seldom hear from us Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up And the droppin to find a man, when the well dries up You learn to work the water, without work, you thirst 'fore you die yup! [Jadakiss] So take heat, that not only can I flow I can aim Cause y'all misdemeanin niggaz can't stand the rain Better believe that, whenever I see ya'll, I'mma test ya Only cause I know the fact that you respect pressure [Havoc] And here I go again, lettin the mack blow Slugs bubble up in ya stomach like lactose I'mma date shorty put it up in her backbone For real, put it on it like a check, though my rap don't [Nas] Tables turned now, got my own label I earned Like that nigga said in Dead Presidents, "Money to burn" Queensbridge paid homage respect Nas is a vadic, knowledge to rap Plotters with gats, niggaz is dissin that [Jay-Z] Now all the teachers couldn't reach me And my mamma couldn't beat me hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein me, so With that stain in my membrane Got on my pimp game, fuck the world, my defense came Then that 'halin introduced me to the game Spanish Jose introduced me to Cam' I'm a hustler now, my gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd And all the way be light scream girls be lovin me now [Prodigy] We out-live labels, and distributors we run laps around e'rybody artist on ya pay-roll To hop up in the Range Rove Jet black with the black rims killin yo bitch in the A hole, uh oh [Chorus- til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mona Lisa f/ The L.O.X. Album: 11/20/79 Song: I Just Wanna Please You Typed by: delph226@aol.com [Styles] How these cats ain't pleased and they never owned a thing Lisa, with the Visa, Mona thing Uptown's first lady, with the cheddar in the purse baby make you bounce 'till it hurts baby Jewels you can love and hold, don't confuse it Mona's only here to please you with the music Want here but you can't have her, we gon' riot if they try to grab her she's to young to be handled [Sheek Luchion] How I'd please you, if I the chance to boo Sixteen or not I only dream about romancin' you You see me with the LOX uptown on Yonkers blocks now I pay dough to see you blow it up in the spots Me and you boo, no champagne we be drinkin' Yoo-hoo take a trip to Grade A, and chill with the whole crew You know how Luch' do, spendin' ain't nothin' after we can take the LOX yacht on the Hudson [Mona Lisa] I see that look in your eyes, it's makin' me weak and every time that you smile, I can't even speak Don't want these feelings to change, they'll always be true I want forever with me and with you (Ooooh-ooooh) Chorus: Lovin' you is all that I do (All I can do) No matter the time, always on my mind Whatever you want, whatever you need This love is for you, I just wanna please, oh baby [Mona Lisa] How can I show you my love, just what I can do how can I prove you're the one, it's all about you So if it's holdin' you tight, or touchin' your hand just let me know 'cause your wish is my command Bridge: How can it be, why don't you see 'Cause boy you should know you're a part of me, the heart of me No one, can take your place Chorus (2X): Bridge: [Jadakiss] You don't wanna come in contact, with the big things we hold R & B, illmatic, sixteen year old Jadakiss, and honeys wanna serve me grapes 'cause they see me in the GS with Jersey plates But I'm never home, I'm like a flip phone on roam me and Mona, tryin' to cop a brownstone Daddy, everything I write be tight all I need is the hype, to cop up the Vipe Or the CV-R, with the loud pipe comin' down 8th, liftin' it, get it right Even though it's all about G's all I wanna do is please, every now and then you get the keys Come on now tell me how real do it get you drivin' my whip with a learners permit The same little chick from across the street remember me, sittin' on the steps you used to sweep You was singin' I was rappin' no we both makin' it happen, and I hope you go platinum Outro: Mona  I'll give it all to you my baby What ever you want baby, whatever you need baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Styles P Album: Foundation Song: Bang Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Billy Danze] Bang bang ba-bang, ba-bang bang ba-bang [Chorus: Billy Danze] Ba-bang bang ba-bang, bang ti-a-bang time Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) Bang bang ba-bang, bang ti-a-bang time Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) Bang bang time (uhh) it's bang time (uhh) [Lil' Fame] To the East my brother like a X-Clan member SISSY!!! Lil' Fame is a Marxmen I'm the son of Sonny Carson I wash dirty cats through hood laundromats, where they lost at Go home or go hard yeah this is real life warrior shit These other rap dudes corny as shit What'chall know about sidewalks with bloodstains, coroner shit +Cold as Ice+ on some Foreigner shit Raised on the dark side, baptized in dirty water The murder Marx side, dark skies to early mornings What's a nickel bag to a profit/prophet, graze hit 'em right out Great day to do it again, same as the night out {*whistling*} This is the good, the bad and the ugly 'Round here we keeps it thuggy thuggy Yeah and it's Brooklyn's, finest, unfaded, Brownsvillians We'll shoot this bitch up like cowboys and indians [Styles P] D-Block!! Yeah, bang time 45'll hit 'em and leave 'em with hang time Raised on his ass like the glass of a {?} line Raw like cocaine line, nigga I ain't lyin Your man's frame is dyin from the flame of the iron Walkin him, walk with him, now better kneel with him Try to be real with him, I'm so deep in it that if you try to stand up his fuckin guts gon' spill on him Play wit'cha kids, or a deck of cards Me I go extra hard, still tryin to get it, like I'm Escobar Only question I ask is cash or a check involved Put me on my P's and Q's, let me know if death's involved Like I give a shit, ignorant nigga Yeah I pull the trigger quick, thought you woulda figured this You want to know why the movement is rigorous S.P. the Ghost, on some Y.O. killer shit, nigga! .. Bang time [Billy Danze] Yo, somewhere in (BROOKLYN) is where you'll find this nigga, in my comfort zone Semi circled by the grimiest niggaz (c'mon!) Walk with me, spread chalk with me sod In the field where the real niggaz are born (ghetto) There's no surgeons here, we don't cut up body parts We blast and leave yo' ass wherever it start A half a block from the precinct, the homies are beyond thuggin and buggin My whole borough's in judgment indecent The thoroughest dimepieces straight out of action flicks (Gangsta bitch!) Angela Jolie this notion, forward motion, do what you gotta do to get what you gotta get to get your shit rollin And keep closin, by any means The 50 cal the 40 or the 30 carbine Let it steam motherfucker let's go, we in them greends And on the grounds with it we down with it, that's how we bling The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Jadakiss (The L.O.X.) Album: Fear of Flying Song: The Best of Me Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jadakiss](Mya) Uh, huh I don't wanna get the best of you, ha-ha (whoa) Yo, yo [Mya](Jadakiss) You put me on I can't let, (nah, yeah) let him go no (I just wanna do what's best for you) Can't let you get, oh no (Yo, yo) He has a little game that he plays Clever little ways and a hot boy style Brags about the dough that he makes Flash a little cash most girls wild out Lately he's been checking for me Telling me how much he wants to be Wants to be the one to replace Replace the man that waits at home for me 1 - But oh no I can't let you  Get the best of me  Even though deep inside  Something's dying to see  How you flow out them clothes  And you put it on me  Feelings coming on strong  We know that it's wrong  I can't let you get the best of me (You put it on me) The best of me (You put it on me) So is he trying to play with my head? Telling me how he could blow my mind Something about the things that he said Made me want to take it there one time I should be walking away Cause his hands up on my thigh Should I leave, should I stay? After all it's just one night Repeat 1 (You put it on me) The best of me (You put it on me) [Jadakiss] Yo, yo, yo I got so many bags of money That they won't fit in the bank And I'mma do this just like Tony did it to Frank But I'mma make sure both y'all win Let him keep the place you move And I'mma pay both y'alls rent So forget about the condo and come to the crib Cause the castle over the mountain come with a bridge You know literally, we could go shopping in Italy Hand on her thigh she ain't wanna get rid of me And she don't drink or know how a L look Chanel look mixed with the Pete Arnell look You just stay pretty while I'm running the city When I whip the V you can hold the joint if you with me Vacation cost a hundred and fifty we living it up I put it on your ass if you giving up And you know I'm not a hater And if you feel bad then you call a month later And tell him you all Jada's [Mya] Oh no I can't let you Get the best of me Even though deep inside Something's dying to see How you flow out them clothes Then you put it on me You ain't gonna get to me You can't get the best of me Repeat 1 Oh no I can't let you Get the best of me Even though deep inside Something's dying to see How you flow out them clothes Then you put it on me Oh yeah, oh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mysonne f/ Jadakiss, N.O.R.E., Red Cafe Album: Let My Tape Rock (Remix) 12" Song: Let My Tape Rock (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: "Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G] I let my tape rock 'til my tape pop, I'll let my tape rock 'til my tape.... [Chorus: "Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G] (*Jadakiss) Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (THIS IS...THE REMIX!!!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (*UH! YEAH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (*UH! YEAH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (*UH! YEAH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (*REMIX!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (*UH! YEAH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock 'til my 'til my tape pop (*UH! EH HEHHHHHH!!!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo! DJ you could chill out yo Let my joint rock all the way to the outro Jail's is tuned in niggas is in the house yo Dudes that usually play the yard ain't comin out yo They waitin to exhale finally the monsters made it Like the airwaves was so damn constipated And that bullshit was all on your conscience ain't it If you can't see the picture then it's hard to paint it When the cub turns to a lion it's hard to tame it Rappers thinkin they hard but they hardly famous Yeah! Nice gear and a great watch Fifteen years of straight notch, let my tape rock [Chorus: "Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G] (Red Cafe) Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (UH! WHAT ELSE!!!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock  Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock ('GON LET MY SHIT ROCK BELIEVE THAT) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (THIS RED CAFE REPORTIN LIVE!!!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock 'til my 'til my tape pop (HUH!!!) [Verse Two: Red Cafe] Yeah, I'm only here to satisfy the streets I kill 'em all, my alibis is sweet I hear them playin that's half them guys that weak So what you niggas do? I sell couple pies a week Let my tape rock, you know my tape hot I mean #1 on that 8-to-8 slot White hood, black hood, any state block Nigga, let my tape rock 'til my fuckin tape pop (What else?) That boy cold, they callin him lo-cold They callin my old phone, currently my ho phone High as fuck, I'm kissin the ozone with my Mexican bitch, she nursin my homegrown No one man should have all this powder But I'm in, I have all this chowder I need to hear my tape rock e'rry hour If not, I'ma just continue movin flour [Chorus: "Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G] (Mysonne) Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (UH! WHAT ELSE!!!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (LET MY TAPE ROCK!)  Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (LET MY TAPE ROCK!)  Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (YEAH!!! IT'S US!!!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock 'til my 'til my tape pop (IT'S MYSONNE!!!) [Verse Three: Mysonne] ("Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G) Let my tape rock don't stop that Dudes gettin gwop on the block 'gon knock that It's not that, lollipop shit that drop and shake it This is that project basement This is that party full of dudes with scarred up faces Head noddin with the hardest basses Drinkin Bacardi, broads with gorgeous faces Shakin, in the corners wasted This is that Rikers lock in hop in the whip In the yard on the bar twenty five a clip In the day room right in front of the TV Tape deck knockin 'cause they can't get CD's This is 3D right in your face music Not PG, you might catch a case to it Theme music, to go get bread So go 'head and do like Big said (Let my tape rock) [Chorus: "Sample courtesy of "Juicy" by The Notorious B.I.G] (N.O.R.E.) Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (UH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (UH!) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (UH! REMIX) Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (WHAT! WHAT WHAT!)  Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (WHAT WHAT! WHAT WHAT!)  Let-Let-Let my tape rock Let my Let my tape rock (WHAT WHAT! WHAT WHAT!)  Let-Let-Let my tape rock 'til my 'til my tape pop (WHAT WHAT! WHAT WHAT!)  [Verse Four: N.O.R.E.] Aiyyo Mysonne, I gotchu! Aiyyo let my tape rock, I let ya face pop I spent two stacks on the bar on Ciroc That Militainment regime, you get it 'cause you asked for it (Militainment!) You'll catch us in Dubai, we passported Kush already there, no need to transport it Sour's my cologne, it's like my Axe body spray Now I check my BDS like twice a day Let my tape rock nigga, or it's fuck you 'Cause I can have Magic Johnson jumpoff dump you And no I ain't Hov, but my verse is +Decoded+ Your wife is my jumpoff, she got demoted I ran outta bullets then I went and reload it {*BANG*} [Outro: B.I.G. sample] Let my tape rock, 'til my 'til my tape pop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Jadakiss, Ludacris Album: Made You Look 12" Song: Made You Look (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jadakiss] I need it from the top, AHHH! This is history baby Commissioner Steve Stoute, Lenny - ha! God's Son, whattup? D-Block, whattup? Bravehearts, whattup? Yeah Yeah, yo [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo ain't nothin but trouble God When I kick in the door with D-Block, Bravehearts and the Double R Don't make me let the machine off This is methadone music that you can lean off "Made You Look," the remix with me up on it I copped your shit, now I break weed up on it And everything is real I see Like my niggaz that been home but they only got a jail ID I helped the game, it ain't help me I'm top five dead or alive and that's just off one LP And, I still buzz, they feel cuz Cause they know the flow's Ill just like Will was I'm just tryin to make sure that my sons wealthy Out of shape but I make sure that my guns healthy I'm a ape, you can't stand 'Kiss Comin through the hood in a Aston Vanguish the color of dandruff They said we jumped him, I just let the gun snuff him Copped P then turboed soon as they uncuff him This goes out to all of your mans Why put you in the verse when I can put in a coroner van D-Block [Chorus 2X: Nas] THEY SHOOTIN! Ah made you look You a slave to a page in my rhyme book Gettin big money, playboy your time's up Where them gangsters, where them dimes at? [Verse Two: Ludacris] Yuh, woo! It's time to go, Luda let's go! I'm from the school of hard knocks, sneak peeks and low blows Where X's mark spots and kitchens mark O's Where love is gon' getcha and hate is gon' snitch ya And fingers squeeze triggers like boa constrictors It's the, Mr. Luda, Jada and Nas And our bullets give you a deep tissue massage So hear a song and dance while I make these ends You never stood half a chance like Siamese Twins AHHH - THEY SHOOTIN, look in the barrel Then he made the front page of the Miami Herald or Chi. Tribune, nozzles with silent doom We in that A-Town Journal-list, filed with goons You should print my information, quote my rhyme And keep me in between these New York and L.A. Times I was the victim of society, it's 'Cris the menace With mo' shit out on the streets than evicted tenants WOOOOOOOO! [Interlude: Nas] Uhh.. uhh.. (BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS..) Jungle, Wiz, Nashawn! We got 'em scared look We got 'em scared they runnin [Verse Three: Nas] Yo, I grasp the ratchet, the blinker, the biscuit, the burner The heat, the toaster, the twister you meetin your owner The banger, the hammer, the flamers I aim at the cannons and can ya, manhandlin ya, you'll be famous like cancer do And cut, that's the end of your movie Pretendin you actin like you and your mens'll come shoot me My tennis shoes Gucci, old school pea soup green Jean Lee suit on Beaver, clicko champagne Friday the 13th my CD drop, I rhyme to more Base than EZ Rock I'm Jason, call up P.D. watch them Bravehearts, Jungle and Wiz and Nashawn Ill Will rasta Lake, never revealin his face on TV or pictures or even them niggaz Sorry that I made you wait long, glad them fakes gone  {*beat scratches out*} WE SHOOTIN! Squeezin them triggers with Luda beside me Me and 'Kiss get Luniz of weed, set to Styles P. Tell him hold his head, God's Son got him we made y'all look From San Quentin to Riker's Island to.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Jadakiss, Super Cat Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: The Don of Dons (Put De Ding Pon Dem) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Super Cat] Well hear Dis! Original Dan die hearted dog heart Haffi put de old iron pon dem Me cyaan live inna no peace ca de whole a dem Informer dem an dem a cause problem Chop It! [Chorus: Super Cat] Koo mama koo mama ma koo saw Dem nah go do me like dem do mi friend Tenor Saw Mama koo mama koo mama ma koo Saw Dem nah go do me like dem do mi friend Big Poppa Aay! A wha dem fa me sey a wha dem a do yah Ba a nuff a dem me hear sey dem a born gangsta Ba a when me check it out de whole a dem a poser Oonu tell dem dem wi run up inna wi Bushmaster Boys! Perplex de flex an man a go queeze de trigger [Verse 1: Super Cat] Sey dem a shotta dem a shotta - Man a straight shoota An straighter den de guy weh clap Martin Luther For murda is a word weh some a dem only heard a Oonu tell dem a de Rappa Dappa Dan dem a falla Oonu tell dem Mr. Cat a DanceHall Emperor Oonu tell dem Rappa Dan a Ram Dance Master An inna de dancehall a music me charged fa, sing! [Bridge: Super Cat] When De Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Original Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Original Don of Dons put de ting pon dem De Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Because me cyaan live inna no peace ca de whole a dem Informer dem an dem a cause problem Carry mi name gone a station to superinten Sey de Rappa Dappa bustin up a Mack 10 [Verse 2: Super Cat] Sey de Rappa Dappa causing pure problem From New York City to de clock a Big Ben De whole world a shout de Rappa Dan come again Tell dem true gangsta never have no need fe pretend A bag a duppy men dem men deh send a Maypen So bad bull inna Pen a Man nuh fraid a none a dem Fa man a leaf a root a man a branch an stem Car wha me luv sey dat a Mercedes Benz [Bridge] [Verse 3: Jadakiss] Uh, you know me, K-I-S-S, Kiss of Death LP soon come for ya, bless bless I don't give a fuck about ya rock size Nigga my guns is grandfather clocksize The Winchester, the Thompson, the Bushmaster They it, break something off and they push past ya And you know they say, that it's better to kill 'em than rob 'em Cause informers are problems, set 'em in water you could dissolve 'em Cause it's a rat in every hood and everybody knows em To whom it may, I'm the Don Jada Specialize in purple haze, cocaine in the Mon-tega Arm, leg, leg, arm, head, probly get nice When I'm be-yond dead, get ya shit tight You dudes is bitch, wear 'em if ya shoes'll fit The game ain't changed, the rules just switched [Bridge] Artist: Noreaga f/ Big Pun, Cam'Ron, Nature, The L.O.X. Album: N.O.R.E. Song: Banned From TV Typed by: MoreTrife@aol.com N.O.R.E, the movie comin soon (Timbaland, SHUT THE FUCK UP) Tryin to be out in '98, you know ??? (Im tryin to watch this movie) This the real shit (Shut the fuck UP!!!!!) '98, its ours [Nature] Ay Yo, Ay yo, Regardless of rain or snow, sleet or hail I kick street tales, choking niggas like i'm sprewell golden state, holding your fate in the palm of my hand blow you away like its part of the plan i gotta call it like i see it, talk it like i be it walkin my walk, thugged out orthopedic cause i'm soon to be up, give me room watch me heat up niggas try to stick me like abdul lerima, follow the leader make me go extra hard, yo nore should i hold back or show the repirtore quit at 16 or throw in extra bars just for the non-believers i show them why its so hard to reach us i get pussy with my fathers features puff heavenly, see me at 6'1" weigh a buck 70 catch me in spots yall niggas never be packed in like green bay harlem week to queens day performing acapella, no dj 98 live, no replays make it seem easy, so tell a friend to tell a friend that its them again, nature noreaga, wild gremlins [Big Pun] Yo, yo, champagne on the rocks pour on the fort knox lazura shark salad with cabbage pork chops and applesauce twin connection, disrepect watch your body cave in pump the shotty guagin, hit the shorty while he potty training i ain't playing, i'm truly the worst simply the first to get his whole body fully reversed uzi it hurts, leave you double-dead i'ma a bubble-head, i never listen to nothing my mother said ay yo i hold niggas ransom for money like johhny handsome been sonning niggas for so long i think i got a grandson my passion is money, a stash and a honey that won't ask questions but will blast anybody thats my kind of girl, kinda of world i want to live in not a cell or a prison or in hell's armageddon just a little ghetto where my niggas control the middle we know the riddles of life where others know only a little [Cam'ron] yo, yo been in rich places, sick places seen my story on 6,666 pages wages, i wrote six aces and at the same dice games, i caught six cases all over big faces, now it's tipped laces ready to dig faces, but the bang it ain't bitch spaces, niggas loading up they rib cages cats like to rip places bloody lip tastes, but the Cam is in big races? but i stay in import the pig places but the world know the girl though i fuck her off a furlough she'll be up, hook me up all your sales could be luck only question for these ducks is baby girl can we fuck you the type that need a wife thought L-o-x told yall the key to life asshole, yo i don't play around i lay it down fuck around, i spray around flick a biscuit, nigga risk it my ass, you can kick or kiss it [Jadakiss] (Styles) Ain't no niggas in the world more thorough than this (Bust off) and sit the hot barrel dead on your lips Like 2 thirds of a brick (Paniero and 'Kiss) And kiss the crystal white fluffy part in the (back of a whip) (See the plan is to stash all), and cash yall (The weed so strong), they gotta put it glass jars Niggas try to smoke me out, (mope me out) Cuz the rims on my new joint be poking out (I'm about to have no feelings, shit is deep) Do they dance with the devil when they sleep (I wake up gripping the air, wishing the hit) Shit that they kick in ya ear,  when your soul be driftin in air My gift is half-rotten when I spit it tears That shit'll drop down my eye, I'm too tired to cry,  (and I ain't never seen a nigga that too live to die) (They say you get what you ask for) So get it cuz you asked for it (If a nigga ain't a thief) then he better have the cash for it And we gonna be around til ya body rot And if the feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got What! What! What! What! [Noreaga] yo,yo! ay yo, there's two ways into the hood, one plain the other smoke chronic like straight to the brain ay yo lets get loose, hennesey straight, with tomato juice queens stallion, my guns, fully italian now yall niggas recognize medallions i play the best hood, o-t with tim westwood used to be on section 8, now my section is good thugged out niggas, we eat as much as we could and i don't give a fuck what! yo i save my shit and i don't give a fuck what! you can save your shit yall niggas like extra skin on my dick listen to bob marley, you funny niggas like steve harvey frontin live with a weak army i play the nice guy too, i'll smoke wit you but the realness, i ain't got no love for you thats why i never do a song with you not even if your babies mom fucked the crew and promised to give us head and swallow too i still say no, no is no, no can doe ya niggas drinking henneray, drinking my flow yo, thug shit thug shit what what what the fuck is the deal thugged out entertainment untertainment l-o-x terror squad this shit is fucking official The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. f/ Raekwon, Styles P Album: Google That (Single) Song: Google That Typed by: Cno Evil [Styles P] Shifty, low down, gritty and grimy Like Fredro, fuck it, I get the bread, though I take the nine and buck it up at your head, though I run your jewels, you do it because I said so Ride around the hood with niggas that let the lead go I will never rat told my lawyers, to tell the feds, so Word to the bullpen sandwich, and the bed roll Like Starks in the Game of Thrones, let my head roll Real nigga, nigga real Team full of shooters, willing to pull the trigger still If they see you ain't got a deal, take it from me If they feel like you pussy, they be waiting for you I ain't pussy, go 'head and wait You the dickhead, that the bullet gonna penetrate Dead nigga, dumb nigga Fucking with a killa, should of knew it's red rum, nigga [Chorus: N.O.R.E.] I really drink Tiger Balm (you can Google that) And I shot niggas too (you can Google that) See I smoke big (you can Google that) You heard I did a little bid (you can Google that) Fuck niggas (you can Google that) Nigga, fuck the other side (you can Google that) Fuck niggas (you can Google that) Nigga, fuck the other side (you can Google that) [N.O.R.E.] Yeah, I'm from the era of the stick house Where niggas used to cook bricks, at the chick house, after you re-up Dominicans, Washington Heights, they had me up Dimilo, weather so cold, it's like three below My kicks stay fresh like a brand new baby ass I found a Chinese chick with a crazy ass I call her Suckmioffa, all she did was suck me off All she want was wonton soup and some butter sauce Leather, she told me that she Google my name up Shootings, robberies, and big coke came up See I'm an accurate shooter through your medulla You can get your ruler, bought a missile the size of Zab Judah I smoke weed, no other shit The widows getting high on some other shit You can keep that, respect to you Get out of line with the heater to your neck, to you [Raekwon] Yo, more money then Google, ya'll niggas is doodoo Throw the mac in your mouth and butt fuck your booboo Yeah, pause little pussy, I'm the cable man, flow direct Your hoe I wreck, horse brick stable, man Black trunk, nigga, with fat pockets Crooked like Jesse Jackson in the Black Watching Broke nigga, with rich whores Run up in the Hampton, sawed off, and get yours Always rock the freshest, since AJ Lesters Cooling off Orchid, buying shoes and vests Gwop lieutenant, who in it, yo, we winning, now send it I post in the ghost, the dumbest groupies is bidding Pocket full, rock to rule, chef is unstoppable Raised in the cage, ran with the cocky wolves Lefrak, Yonkers to Staten walls, niggas take massive pulls So now we blast and let bastards move The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. f/ Styles P Album: Noreality Song: Sour Diesel Typed by: jeremyolson14@gmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash                                                                                                                                             ? ? two step, ? ? two step, ? ? two step [Intro - also repeat in background] Now take your two step, now take your two step, now take your two step [NORE] Yeah Hey yo Grease, it's your boy NORE We smoking sour, we smoking sour We smoking sour, we smoking sour We smoking sour diesel, like everydayyy We smoking sour, we smoking sour We smoking sour, we smoking sour We smoking sour diesel, like everydayyy [NORE - over Chorus] Hahahaha I love that shit! My neighbors been complaining The people downstairs from me been complaining How about that sour, man [NORE] Yo, I wake up smoke a diesel, go to sleep smoke a diesel Change my name to Sour and my last name Diesel See I, get it in jars and I, sneak it in cars And I, smoke it in bars, damn you a fiend Haze came back cause I heard her man beatin on her Kush ain't mad, when she heard that I was cheatin on her ... Chocolate Thai been cut off Same category as Henny and Smirnoff See Phillies is the best, best, diesel is the best, best Put it all together it help you release stress, stress Cause I'm a smoker, I'm a smoker, you a smoker, you a smoker Put it all together, go all-in like poker And no I don't smoke bongs, that's only for the weirdos NORE's always good with a half ounce of beers yo You run and tell the hood, please run and tell the people That NORE's in the lab with Grease and sour diesel [Styles P - over Chorus] What we doing? I love sour diesel Grease, that's my shit Light that up then Okay! That's my thing [Styles P] Smoke sour every half an hour, 15 minutes Got a dutch then, put somethin it And if it's sour buy more than an ounce Bring it to the studio, or the house, get high on the couch ESPN on, Animal Planet Since I blew 20 blunts of diesel, shit I can't understand it Ain't it evil how the sour diesel can leave you missin all your shows, nigga thank god for Tivo What, I keep 10 blunts pre-rolled Park the car walk down the strip on the G stroll So let me call my man Grease I got Styles plus heat, why don't you load up the beat I be there in a hour, fresher than the shower Sure feel nice hope the mic got power Something you can plant and it sure ain't flowers Grease tell 'em what we doin [Interlude] Now take your two step, now take your two step, now take your two step Now take your two step, now take your two step, now take your two step [Chorus] - repeat 2X [repeat to fade] Now take your two step, now take your two step, now take your two step The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The Lox Album: Life After Death Song: Last Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: The Lox] Can I live til my last day Hittin honies that be na-sty Gettin money in the fast way And I only care halfway But I still can't let you pass me [The Lox] Yo what's beef to you, three niggaz with hoodies and bats That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats When we came here we cut off all kind circulation Breathin, eatin, the whole situation When we do our shit we do our shit for real While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit Rock top shit you know how The Lox get Then you can see me flyin in the Bentley cockpit Lox and B-I, hold our grica down for years Gang not, but we been had our black tears Niggaz under the stairs only understand what we got Underground, all above must get shot You couldn't book me Dano, Sheek Luciano put the burners to all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin y'all You already know what it's about when I run up in your house Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch Hearin you out is senseless, perhaps for instance I give this faggot a french kiss Black gloves, no prints, dark tints Word on the street they ain't heard from him since You know about life after kicked the kid in Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams Scri-dam the flow is forbidd-en Either you ridin or you dyin cause we swingin iron Lox and Poppa, turning niggaz into Jim Hoffa Who gon stop us, it's your last joint double copper You gettin money or your runnin from the Feds Ain't nothin over here but sixteen and one in the head And I solemnly swear That all y'all niggaz out there got a problem this year [Chorus] - 2X [The Lox] Before you think of keepin me down, heatin me down The flow like water get deepe and you drown with no soul, many niggaz roll with no dough Even the small Dunn got a little black hole Your destiny is somethin you can never figure out Niggaz is never happy til there's blood up in your mouth There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to play in this? A lot are dead, how the hell you take the pain? Live with it got money you better get with it My man had the thug in him did his bid with it Get married to the game but never have a kid with it Advice from the wise, slice the pies Too many schemes divides, when dreams collide Teams provide, war for the street to absorb Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhh, uhh Who the fuck wanna squeeze? My Desert Ease make MC's freeze You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams You still apoligizin, analyzin, my size and your size and realizin, a fist fight would be asinine You just pop wines I must pop nines Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up We can hook up, all I see is the future Disrespect, I shoot ya By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep I be the mob fiance, about to marry it Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like my first LP, beef with me is unhealthy Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung For them homos, still doin promos Break both your legs you're movin slow-mo, got shined to glow mo' Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need for mo' [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Jadakiss, Lloyd Banks, Nate Dogg, Redman Album: The Set Up Remix 12" Song: The Set Up (Remix) Typed by: jome@dubcnn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Obie Trice talking] Oh oh oh oh oh, Ohhhbiiiiiiiie (hehehehe) Detroit nigga! [Obie Trice] +Cheers+ the debut, the nigga the voice the career, it's all new (yup) You pupp-ular phew-ass niggas love your boo when I thugged in school (huh) Made her resort to fuck with niggas like you (hah!) Me, I gave her obstical courses Bust nuts up in that ass, (yeah) lots of abortions You, took it out of proportion Made the bitch wifey, when you should be plottin' divorcin' I put it through the ring, had her wallet and horse, when You, bought rings, had her hiding out in Nordstrom A culture, help a playa apart Catch these bars, you know I play her like a sport (hah!) Obie is never that nigga paying for that loft Payin' the cause for another man to floss (nah!) I'd rather have my hands on the grands of course So the plan is creepin' up on your man, pushing The Porsche (what!) [Chorus - Nate Dogg] (Obie Trice) {Redman} Thick thighs but she full of surprises I swear this bitch is +Shady+ (that's what I know) Sex on her mind all the time And you think that, that's your baby (you don't know) You a good guy that's living the life But she dove and played your safety (that's what I know) If you cool and she satisfied {I know +Dat bitch+} How come that bitch just paged me? (you don't know) [Redman] Ey yo, Obie Trice, I know the same bitch (the same bitch) The bitch with the ear-ring and the clit (+Dat Bitch+?) I got photos with her buttnaked with Manolo's and a pair of handcuffs on her hip (ey yo) She love coke, doin' lines off my CD (sniff sniff) She in the bottles like Audrey Magini She got a G.A.D. from nightschool That stands for "Gettin' Anybody Dolla", greeeedy! I first met her at Magic City, she was gettin' lapdances, and grabbin' titties When the stripper ain't lookin', she grabbed her $50 Ride out the bitch thong, when the song is on I'm like: +Dat Bitch+ ain't shit! She'll put the gun to your balls while swallowing your "kids" Before you know it, you got roooobbed By four fat chicks that kicked in your door while you was tired That's the game +Dat Bitch+ is playin' Watch her back while they walkin' your way You know her, long hair brown skin Pussy be whippin' niggaz like Lady Heroine You try to get her drunk, she slipped two of "Mickey's" Now you the next date-rape victim on Rickie Bitch fuck with D, I have her leg +hangin' out the trunk+ like the +Marshall Mathers LP+ (yup!) [Chorus - Nate Dogg] [Lloyd Banks] Yeah, Lloyd Banks'll never trust a hoe (no) They'll get you +Set Up+ fast, +puttin' your hands in the air+ like Busta's show (yeah) I got the fame, name, plus the dough Between your legs and your chin is a few places my nuts'll go (hoe!) (hah!) I'm stubborn in the worst way, so I don't follow up if I don't get the pussy the first day (yeah) Hey, slow down boo, is that a G-Unit party ? My niggaz pattin' the hoes down too (yeah) They're hungry and they're plannin' to profit So I get all my hoodrat head with my hand outta my pocket They scheme, but the cannon'll stop it Thinkin' I'm offpoint cuz I blew about a grand on a chocolate And even if I'm loose off the liqour (liquor) I'm reachin', besides everything's bulletproof but my zipper (ziiip!) I don't even put my drink down, watch the bitch on your arm She probably goin' through your mink now (Lloyd Banks nigga!) [Chorus - Nate Dogg] [Jadakiss] Yo, if you say "Kiss is the best", you're not hypothetically speakin' Beyond doubt, I bet he be leakin' (D-Block!) And I'm in the zone right now, I think I'm 'bout to finish up my album by the rest of the weekend (let's go) It's a dirty game, and rule number one you never spend clean money on a dirty damè (yeah) Bitches pointing like "Oh, he Kiss!" Once they get a whip for the purple kush and a OG Crip Got a hazespot with dubs and a whole D strip I get it for cheap, the 'ricans throw me shit My nigga listen, it's enough of 'em (uhh) So you don't gotta be runnin' around here all crazy, lovin' 'em and coughin' 'em (New York) Just don't add up, (naw) she just wanna get her hair and nails done, and tear Fifth Ave up She might cop female 'Gators Bad thing's the homie gonna spend her like Spreewells later Now everything is messed up (yeah) You wanna deck him, then deck her Should have only used her from the neck up (woo) Instead of taking her to shop's Take her scandalous ass to +The Doc+, make her get a check up Not for nothing, you should just stand down Cuz before long, there's gonna be a man down But naww, you gave her the world She gave you her ass and then to Kiss And she still your favorite girl, damn! [Chorus - Nate Dogg] [Obie Trice talking] Detroit! Hahahaha yeah 213! Westcoast Connection with Detroit! Detroit-connection, with New York You can't stop Obie Trice right now, what! New nigga, new voice, new career, hehe, motherfucker! Whatchu know about. Nate Dogg my nigga Warren G, my nigga Jadakiss my nigga Lloyd Banks my nigga hehehe yeah Yeah, and I'ma boost "Mo'bo" with my nigga Reggie Noble nigga Whachu know about it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Jadakiss, Saigon Album: Hip Hop 12" Song: Hip Hop (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joell Ortiz] + {Jadakiss} Yo do me a favor? (what?) Accidentally step on your white sunglasses (ha ha ha) We don't wear those over here, this is hip-hop {uh-huh} This is Carhart jackets (yeah) Timberland boots unlaced {yup} This is Champion hoodies, chicken wings and french fries {uhh} R.I.P. pieces on the handball court (you see it) This is us still fightin police brutality {AH-HAH!} [Jadakiss] Everybody runnin they mouth 'bout how they real Ringtones blowin the doors off album sales Need to be tellin the people 'bout how they feel So that's how it all started, I'm surprised they feel ill Music just ain't what it used to We used to have songs that, you could shoplift or boost to This is the truth too, listen we gon' pop in the Juice Crew Then run up in the mall, get loose boo Hard streets, hard times, beats and hard rhymes Five Percenters teachin the god lines Two turntables, a mixer, few speakers Haze didn't exist yet, they blew reefer Pink Champale, plenty of malt liquor Extension cord was ran through grandma's kitchen Fashion statements, bats was safe then Now, D-Block Royal bash your face in [Chorus 2X: Joell Ortiz] Aww man (man) this is hip-hop Hands up, if you forever a fan of hip-hop I wake up hip-hop, go to sleep hip-hop Dream about hip-hop, cause I am hip-hop [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, geah, check I said hip-hop, started out in the park Man I knew it was goin down from the start I be backstage with that extra pound in my heart Butterflies, what a vibe when I tear that whole crowd apart It's hip-hop, my lips got problems, I spit hot shit Watch the kid rock albums, I hurt verses and bruise flows, who knows what's next and when I'm like a NBA game, nothin less than 10 It's like all kinda diseases infest my pen I'm sick {*cough*} I gotta spit, I can't digest my phlegm This gift, could be a curse if you don't use it right So call me now, tell half of these dudes good night They let the lion out the cage, the dragon from out the cage Dudes worship him, girls be draggin him off the stage You dudes weak, you ruin beats, you don't hurt the track Give your producer my contacts I'll murder that [Saigon – over Chorus] Knahmean? J-O! See you my nigga, haha Bring this shit back man Bring it back in time man, check [Saigon] Just when y'all thought Queenbridge was a wrap Nas came back +Bridgin' the Gap+ Joey Crack told the whole map to +Lean Back+ For a second you woulda thought New York was takin the scene back Even Ja dropped a mean track - it went "I'm from New York!" The first city that have heads to fiend for crack Now all I hear about is who's a Blood, who's a Crip Religious leaders only teach half of the truth and shit I'd rather rock a fake gold crucifix than them platinum white Jesus faces; he rap like he's a racist Know a philosopher that reads the pages So that knowledge I try to keep away from me for ages (Aww man) It's like I'm in a race against time Couple years ago I couldn't wait to get signed I thought automatically that my face'll get shine But bein lyrical was just a waste of slick rhyme Cause so, still I annihilate though The sire lace the place with the fireplace flow The day y'all could fuck with me or Joell Ortiz? That's the day Hell gon' freeze [Joell] Aww man {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ The L.O.X. Album: Free Agent Song: Put Some Money On It Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Grind Music bitch! [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Joell, I'm on this son, D-BLOCK! {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, Don Corlito flyin out a Tito The further I get the ground look more mosquito Dutch burnin, other hand big Mojito I don't mean Dorito when I say {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, you ain't really all around all that stuff The coke, the crack, the guns, heard 'bout enough They said, "Yo Donny, you gon' really sign with Puff?" I said I'll live too long as Diddy {"Put some money on it"} What? I'm the L.O.X. Jeter Tattooed up in a white wife-beater Aston Vanquish parked at the meter I forgot to feed her, better go {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, now they all love the Don G I'm on BET more than "Leprechaun 3" They say I'm on fire, it don't hurt when I pee I don't layaway, only y'all {"Put some money on it"} [Joell Ortiz] Yaowa! Whoever, whenever, put some 'fetti on it If your block is hood I'm probably heavy on it Probably popped the hood, of the Chevy on it Did the Mario Andretti on it - ERRRT! {"Put some money on it"} Brooklyn off the hook when Ortiz is there Papi got it locked like peasy hair Black and white TV's, please be clear I'll erase your lil' buzz like Jeezy peers {"Put some money on it"} Fam, I'm the man far as New York goes Old four-five in my new wardrobe Red dot in front like Rudolph's nose Case a hater want his roof un-closed {"Put some money on it"} I'll be by myself, think of somethin sweet I'm Boricua, one lil' whistle I'm a hundred deep Who been holdin niggaz down since Pun is sleep? C'mon! C'mon! C'mon! {"Put some money on it"} [Jadakiss] AH-HAH! Never been wack so that ain't one of my issues Get my bread and take care of my pistols Soon as I open a brick you can see the crystals Soon as the piff come in you can {"Put some money on it"} Trust me it's imported, shoot it or snort it Oxy's, {?}, profit is gorgeous Stay off the phone cause the calls are recorded And if you can afford it then you better {"Put some money on it"} Tryin to be a diamond in the game I been one Killin niggaz with the flow, H1N1 You can get a buck-fifty quick, a thin one Before rap I had a drug dealer's income {"Put some money on it"} Master Jason God on the rocks with a splash of Satan Stash right here with the ratchet waitin, since you hatin Name the place and the date and {"Put some money on it"} [Styles P] Never trust niggaz no further than I can throw 'em Long with the razor and the doctor can't sew 'em Said I as the hardest out, now I gotta show 'em Cocksucker doubted me, I owe 'em {"Put some money on it"} You could be that dude in cement shoes or the next soft nigga on this evening's news Rap beef, street beef, breeze through crews Freeze, handguns, machine guns {"Put some money on it"} I don't even need guns, play me like I'm poppa shit End up with a hawk in your esophagus Hardest nigga to walk in the metropolis Genocide mixed with apocalypse {"Put some money on it"} Kill niggaz real easy dawg Ghost in the flesh, fuck a Ouija Board Droptop Beamer with the BB's on Gun in your face, and I ain't shootin BB's dawg {"Put some money on it"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Sheek Louch Album: Farewell Summer EP Song: Sing Like Bilal (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sample Of Lil' Fame] Sing Like Bilal!!! [Joell Ortiz](Sheek Louch) (*DJ Premier scratching) (**Sample Of Lil' Fame) Uh! Uh! Street mix!!! Y-Y-Y (Aiyyo yo Joell Ortiz whattup family!!!) YAOOOWWWWW!!!! (*Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-You love my style this is not what you used to) (D-BLOCK) (**Sing-Sing like Bilal!!!) [Verse One: Joell Ortiz] Uh! I'm the boy that got the block in a squeeze Ortiz my name hot like I shoot at the D's Twelve twelve flow I'm what they rock in the P's Cheese I'm on a roll like pastrami and cheese It adds up why I'm a gift to this breed I'm a addict even when my adlibs mean Every radio station should add this Preem Plus add my address and you have sixteen (WOO) Seven One Eight I'm reppin the state Of the Eighty Six Mets and the consecutive Yanks Sixty Nine Jets and the catch on the face That put the undefeated Bill Bellicheck in his place (Get outta here!) It's so safe when you nice with the ink All my beef come with french fries and a drink Nobody want it can you blame 'em though? When you see me scream W-A after the Y-A-O YAOWA~! [Chorus: DJ Premier scratching] (Sheek Louch) (*Sample Of Lil' Fame) You love my style this is not what you used to (Yeah!) You-you-you-you love-love-l-l-love my style Sing-Sing like Bilal!!! [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Waddup, yo I gotchu! Yo, waddup Joell-ah, Donnie wavy like a cell-ar I heard a lotta rappers, but none of them are realer than me Who's he? Donnie G. Still popu-lar, rooftop one binocul-ar Watchin over my state, 45 featherweight Watchin over my plate, Audemar and the fast cars causin men hate Who's the hottest now? That's an easy debate Either way like 6 o'clock, Donnie's straight I can easily go back to that Mary and Kate White girl and be outside, very late Nope! - I got a mill-ion of stash Got a dream that Barack told me to take it out in cash Bake's about to crash, shades on my eyes 'cause I mixed it up with hash, hah yeah! Witness greatness, take a flick I run New York and it's not on a heating stick Ha ha! NEW YORK KNICKS, BITCH~!! [Chorus: DJ Premier scratching] You-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-You love my style Y-Y-You-lo-lo-love-m-my-my-st-sty-style-ca-cause-I'm-n-not what you used to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Papoose f/ Jadakiss, Jim Jones Album: The Nacirema Dream Song: 6 AM Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample] I asked him he wanted me to hustle up his bail but he said no He just didn't give a damn anymore [Police yelling] POLICE! POLICE! (GO GO GO!) SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE! (MOVE MOVE!) DOWN ON THE GROUND! [Chorus: Sample from "6'n The Mornin" by Ice T] (Papoose) Six in the mornin police at my door Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at (I'm 'bout to cut down the fire escape) Six in the mornin police at my door (Bring the car 'round me meet me in the back) Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door (Damn one out there too!) [Verse One: Papoose] They would say bling bling if my jewels could talk So you can still see me shinin when the room get dark I'm like Tony Danza I'll show you +Who's The Boss+ Teach my worker who's the fiends and who's the narcs It's alot of niggas out tryin to prove they hard 'Til you hit they cousin up and make them move they aunt Yo, I would wild out and let the rueg' just spark But you know how the hood be when someone screwed your start All the basketball tournaments was cool to watch Bet your money, lose a little or lose alot They beat us by one point yeah them dudes was sharp But I'm a sore loser so I had to shoot up the park I wouldn't have robbed your man if the fool was smart But a fool and his money will soon depart Then I went to my crib went to sleep 'bout four When I woke up, police was at my door, damn! [Interlude: Police yelling] POLICE! POLICE! (GO GO GO!) SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE! (MOVE MOVE!) DOWN ON THE GROUND! [Chorus: Sample from "6'n The Mornin" by Ice T] (Jadakiss) Six in the mornin police at my door (Uh!) Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at (Uh Huh!) Six in the mornin police at my door (EH HEH!) Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door (Yo! Yo Yo!) [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Just aired the dice game out that's the truth babe 'Bout to hit the crib take a shower watch a bootleg Glad nothin popped off, gotta get the bag out of the crib Goose dropped off so it can get knocked off Uh! Then I got a sharp pain in my chest But knowin I ain't 'posed to have it in the place I rest Yes! But it's a half a joint in there Two 40 cals with the hollow points in there Few bricks of diesel couple pounds of purple Gallon of the water plus a thousand circles A man hit me sayin that he be here in a minute All I got to do is wrap it and bring it down to the rented By now it's a little past five And I'm still tryin to roll could barely open my eyes Next thing I know she givin me a massage Instead of wakin up rich I woke up to a surprise [Interlude: Police yelling] POLICE! POLICE! (GO GO GO!) SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE! (MOVE MOVE!) DOWN ON THE GROUND! [Chorus: Sample from "6'n The Mornin" by Ice T] (Jim Jones) Six in the mornin police at my door  Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at  Six in the mornin police at my door (Tellin you I live this story right here) Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door (Uh!) [Verse Three: Jim Jones] It goes six in the mornin police at my door (They got a warrant?!) At five in the mornin I was up in this broad (She had good head) At four in the mornin we was at the club door (BALLIN!) A few hours before that I was gettin fresh in the store (Gettin fly!) Now a week before that I was at the car lot (Tryin to cop) Thinkin convertible so I could make the broad drop (Ferrari) A half a million cash off a three month run (Gettin cake) Them rubber band stacks and ten g lump sums (We loaded!) Police was on our back 'cause we dumped guns (Get 'em!) So when Byrd Gang's outside mu'fucker just run (Eastside!) We just dumb (Yep!) Like the hyphy life (E-40 and 'em!) I told you life was a bitch not the wifey type (You tried to marry her) And we got the white bricks if the price is right (That frisco!) Catch you standin on the strip in the icy white (Fifteen easy) Season of heirs, we in the V switchin gears Droppin the top blowin weed in the air (FLOSSIN!) She's showin her ass....and...next thing I know I got a detective in my face  All askin me all type of questions I don't know shit but get my lawyer! [Interlude: Police yelling] POLICE! POLICE! (GO GO GO!) SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE! (MOVE MOVE!) DOWN ON THE GROUND! [Chorus: Sample from "6'n The Mornin" by Ice T]  Six in the mornin police at my door  Six-S-Six in the mornin police at-at-at  Six in the mornin police at my door  Six-S-Six in the mornin police at my door [Outro: Police yelling] POLICE! POLICE! (GO GO GO!) SHOW YOUR HANDS ASSHOLE! (MOVE MOVE!) DOWN ON THE GROUND! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Papoose f/ 2 Chainz, Jadakiss, Styles P Album: I'm Like That (Remix) (S) Song: I'm Like That (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Papoose] Sound like it's gonna be a hot summer, cool off I told you I got 'em.....Papoose, Pa-poose [Chorus: Papoose] I'm gettin money everyday 'cause I'm like that I wear my jewelry anyway 'cause I'm like that I drive a Cadillac truck 'cause I'm like that I don't give a flyin fuck 'cause I'm like that That dude ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that  That nigga ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that THEY AIIIIIIIGGHHHHHHTTTTTTTTT!!!!! [Verse One: Papoose] I told y'all I'm like that They said I fell off, tell 'em I'm right back! I drove in the industry in the white 'lac Back then, only two niggas was nice scrap If you wasn't screamin "SQUAD UP!" just like Stack You was screamin "THUGA THUGA THUGA!" just like Pap In your ear like a Q-Tip where Phife at?! Though you said you was a rider man where's your bike at?! I like a bucket naked bitch with nice tatts Earrings with the hoops in 'em just like Shaq 'Bout to put Knicks in the strip where Spike at?! Do your homework shots fly when I strike back I spit fire like Satan when I rap  Got the Jesus piece if you wonder where Christ at? I hustle like the snowman, your girl your loan fam She show the ta ta's I ain't talkin about Hulk man [Chorus: Papoose] (Jadakiss) I'm gettin money everyday 'cause I'm like that (Yeah!)  I wear my jewelry anyway 'cause I'm like that (Ha Ha Ha!) I drive a Cadillac truck 'cause I'm like that (Uh!)  I don't give a flyin fuck 'cause I'm like that (FUCK 'EM!) That dude ain't like that (Nah!) he ain't like that (Uh oh!) They ain't like that (Nope!) them niggas ain't like that (EH HEH!!!)  That nigga ain't like that (Nah!) he ain't like that (Uh oh!) They ain't like that (Nah!) them niggas ain't like that (Uh!) THEY AIIIIIIIGGHHHHHHTTTTTTTTT!!!!! [Verse Two: Jadakiss] (Styles P) Yeah! Yo! Uh! I'm like that! My transporter always get that white back (Make sure the couch right to catch that flight back) Addicted to the same medication as Mike Jack! (Old school high top Air's with the Nike strap) We don't want your bitch dog come get your wife back (Money in the safe keep the dough where the rice at) Who advised you?! Where you get your advice at?! (Never get the eat the whole pie you gotta slice that) Lil' paper you spit nigga we spit twice that (For you it's like a mill but for us it's a life snack) Drive by, shoot shit up in the white Acc' (Niggas used to steal on you, you wouldn't fight back) But bitch actin tough you should be where the dykes at (Like Cushi in Casino put your hand where the vice at) You eyeballs will pop out, and you won't like that ('Cause you ain't like that!) [Chorus: Papoose] (2 Chainz) I'm gettin money everyday 'cause I'm like that I wear my jewelry anyway 'cause I'm like that I drive a Cadillac truck 'cause I'm like that I don't give a flyin fuck 'cause I'm like that That dude ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that  That nigga ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that (UH! 2 CHAINZ!!!!!) THEY AIIIIIIIGGHHHHHHTTTTTTTTT!!!!! [Verse Three: 2 Chainz] Yeah! Rise to form you ride in the Delorean Back To The Future so you niggas better Oregon Dealt when I'm approachin, hey mayne good But I got enough rounds to hit you and your closest friend You know I roll 'em in, throw 'em in, kick 'em out Laid back, every room got a fuckin different couch  Everyday I'm smokin on a different ounce (YEAH!) Every mill I make I buy a fuckin different house And they AIIIIIIIGGHHHHHHTTTTTTTTT Got three girlfriends and they all dykes We all high, S.O.S. Swag on site Yeah It's like that, did my thang Brought that white back Get that cheese, don't get scared of that mice trap RRRRRRRAAAAHHHH!! Alot of rounds kill 'em with the muffled sound Still an underdog puttin niggas underground [Chorus: Papoose] I'm gettin money everyday 'cause I'm like that I wear my jewelry anyway 'cause I'm like that I drive a Cadillac truck 'cause I'm like that I don't give a flyin fuck 'cause I'm like that That dude ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that  That nigga ain't like that, he ain't like that They ain't like that, them niggas ain't like that THEY AIIIIIIIGGHHHHHHTTTTTTTTT!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Parle' f/ Eve, Jadakiss Album: Fix Me 12" Song: Fix Me Typed by: let-the-lox-go@mail.com Intro: [Jadakiss of The LOX] Ha, Parle' Ruff Ryders  (Got me down the street) Uh, uh Verse 1: [Jadakiss of The LOX] Yo Catch me comin' out a red lobster  In a red Boxer With a red bone and take headshots to Vodka Nothing like a pretty chick, that's pretty rich Who pretty lips and who smoke 50 nicks The type you can bring around the fam and all She get plain tickets, creditcards, scandin' off And y'all know Jae, I, Swizz, honeys with Parle' And I still gon get my money the hard way Hook 1: [Parle'] Just one hit of your love Is exactly what I need To get my high, (Got me down the street) get my to the places where I wanna be But instead, you got me in the streets (Got me down the street) Fiendin' like a freak Caught up in the mix All I need, all I need's just a fix Chorus: [Parle'] Fix me with your love Straight up (Say I'm straight up) Just can't get enough of your love (Can't get enough of your love) Hit me with the dub (two times baby) And hook me up (High) Wanna get high up off your love (So high) Hook 2: [Parle'] Just can't quit, can't get enough So addicted to the stuff Get me high, (Got me down the street) tastin' your love baby's all I'm thinking off In my bed, fucked up all the weed (Got me down the street) I can't get no sleep It's playin tricks All I need, all I need is just a fix Chorus: [Parle'] Fix me with your love (Fix me with your love) Straight up (Straight Up) Just can't get enough of your love (Can't get enough of your love) Hit me with the dub (with the dub) And hook me up (Hook me up) Wanna get high up off your love (So high) Break: [Parle'] She's the only thing in life I care about (Only thing I care about) Can't live without (Can't live without) Mix so loud And anybody till A.G who cares about (Anybody, see me where I'm lovin) ?Not makin' love without? (I need the lovin') Mix so loud (I need the lovin') Verse 2: [Eve] Uhh, Daddy you know the bid, mommy here a stimulate Think you be ready for my lovin' on the first date Blondie make 'em fiend, give 'em everything he need Rydin' Ruff with a stallion, bring 'em to they knees Tried to warn you first you ain't listen Now you in a fucked up position, got you cleanin' up my kitchen And the dishes and the gifts you givin' out You got you dug out Fiend of the tongue baby And it's over got you strung out Chorus: (with adlibs till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Sean Price, Styles P Album: Monumental Song: That's Hard Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Sample from Earl Sixteen "No Mash Up Dance"] Di dread at di control, international, control all thru di world  Nuh version we martial we nuh partial  We play nuff bwoy selections without objection!!! [Styles P] Two rudeboys!!! Tek and Steele whattup I love y'all [Pete Rock Scratchin] Styles P!!! [Verse One: Styles P] I ain't tell you that I'm local brother (Yeah!)  I keep the Tek and Steele like the Cocoa Brovaz My niggas still Smif-N-Wessun to me (MY G!!!) Hard headed to God bodies, couldn't teach a lesson to me Aqui's couldn't reach me, neither could the church boys I was outside with a gun movin that work boy (I was outside!) Whattup natty head, bull head, beard men Some niggas sizzlin us we can't sear men A fried to a frickaseed, and I'm no Wiccan So I don't wear roseries or thicker beads No crosses, no Bible or Qu'ran, just survival on my mind With a gun up on my palm All spiritual nigga, I'm all lyrical Dyin to come back I'm the ghost of all miracles (GHOST!) I told them I could stare at Medusa (I could!)  They think that I'm high but I'm really tryin to stay in the future and shoot ya!!! Nigga! Ghost! [Interlude: Pete Rock Scratchin] G-G-G-'Gon take that shit out of somebody...somebody Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Phonte, Styles P Album: W.A.R. (We Are Renegades) Song: Black Hand Side Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Styles P - talking] (Pharoahe Monch) The great Pharoahe Monch y'all (Yes sir, what up P?) The great Styles P The Ghost, one, two [Chorus 1 - Phonte] - w/ ad libs I say open the door, let me in Teach us all, preach ya sins Turn the cheek, let it slide Give me five, on the black hand side The black hand side, oh-oh-oh The black hand side, the black hand side, oh-oh-oh The black hand side [Verse 1 - Styles P] Give me five on the black hand side (give me five bro) I'll tell ya what I see through the black man's eyes (look at me) Fly chick, in the Cadillac a black man ride (ride) But every different day, a different black man die (damn) Shorty mama trippin off of crack mad high (ya know) Now he watchin TV, lovin the bad guy (ya know) Piss poor with a Welfare check He know he African, 'cause he ain't get help there yet (no help) Now he put down his knapsack, got a crack pack You don’t over stand if your vision ain’t abstract (you don't over stand) We in the projects, a lot of us is lab rats Voted for Obama, hopin he wouldn't have that (don't have that brother) Now I can tell ya that I felt had (I felt it) I still remember how a cell smell (I still remember the scent) I still remember how the pigs act Family cryin up on the V.I., I couldn't dig that Open the door and teach us all (open the door and teach us all) Pass the blunt around, hopin that it reach us all (come on, hey) Now give me five on the black hand side (give me five brother) Ghost and Pharoahe Monch, watch the black man rise, yeah [Chorus 2 - Phonte] I say open the door, let me in Teach us all, preach ya sins Turn the cheek, let it slide Give me five, on the black hand side The black hand side, ooh Give me five bro, give me five The black hand side, the black hand side, ooh Give me five bro, give me five The black hand side [Verse 2 - Pharoahe Monch] Pharoahe's a Navajo chief, the way I'm makin it rain But never for a stripper with emotional pain (uh uh) Do it to spike the system, nourishment for the brain 'Cause rain, seed plus soil equals fruits and grains My hood told me "nigga keep it simple and plain" To let me explain the game break it down a couple of levels like Tetris These young'ns kill they own blood for a necklace (give me that) Leave slumped over the wheel of your Lexus (uh) Smoke kush, wake up and eat breakfast Like what the fuck he expect? A generation overly obsessed with mobsters Our revolutionaries swarm Grammy's and Oscars Impostors, fake orators, weak shockers Makin a mockery of the music to be pop stars And they say I'm insane 'Cause I see the remains of the whips and the chains In my hood where it ain't all good Peep the pain of a single mother she strugglin, young child slain Give me five on the black hand side, let's maintain like the Soul Train And keep it movin together, I'm sayin [Chorus 2] [Outro - Pharoahe Monch - talking] (Phonte) Yeah, Phontigga (Give me five bro, give me five) Uh, Styles P (Give me five bro, give me five) Uh huh, Pharoahe Monch (Give me five bro, give me five) Yeah, uh huh (Give me five bro, give me five) (*Instrumental for 47 seconds*) (Did you know that the government - federal, state and city Appropriate money for prisons based off the number of students that fail fourth grade exams?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, The LOX, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: It's All About the Benjamins (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uh-huh, yeah Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Goodfellas, uhh [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Now... what y'all wanna do? Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers On the low from the Jake in the Taurus Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal But still, everything's real in the field And what you can't have now, leave in your will But don't knock me for tryin to bury seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums It's all about the Benjamins, what? I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts Five carats on my hands wit the cuts And some'n European figures, fuck the clutch, what? [Verse Two: Jadakiss] - (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy) I want a all chromed out, fuck bein a broke nigga Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh) Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon) Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah) Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right) We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews* Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh) Cause I leave you, I'm only here for that green paper which the eagle [Verse Three: Sheek] I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!) Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober  Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh) Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh) Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh) from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh) But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha) Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon) Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!) Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin to my bizzalls, player you mad false Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul [Interlude: Puff Daddy] C'mon, c'mon, uh-huh 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 4X) 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Now, what y'all wanna do? 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Wanna be ballers, shot-callers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby On the low from the Jake in the Taurus [Verse Four: Lil' Kim] - (overlaps last two lines of interlude) Uhh, uhh, what the blood clot? Wanna bumble wit the Bee hahh? BZZZZT, throw a hex on a whole family (yeah, yeah yeah) Dressed in all black like "The Omen" (say what?) Have your friends singin 'This is for my homey' (that's right) And you know me, from makin niggaz so sick Floss in my 6 with the Lex on the wrist If it's Murder, you know She Wrote it (uh-huh) German Luger for your ass bitch, deep throated Know you wanna fill the room cause it's platinum coated Take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick All that bullshit you kick, playa hatin from the sideline Get your own shit, why you ridin mine? (uh-huh) I'm, a Goodfella kinda lady Stash 380's and Mercedes, Puffy hold me down baby! Only female in my crew, and I kick shit like a nigga do, with a trigga too, fuck you (Big: Yeah, yeah, uhh, uhh, uhh!) [Verse Five: Notorious B.I.G.] I been had skills, Cristal spills Hide bills in Brazil, about a mill' to ice grill Make it hard to figure me, liquor be, kickin me in my asshole, uhhh, undercover, "Donnie Brasco" Lent my East coast girl, the Bentley to twirl (uh-huh) My West coast shorty, push the chrome 740 Rockin Redman and Naughty, "Oh where my kitty kat?" Half a brick of yea, in the bra, where her titties at And I'm livin that, whole life, we push weight (uh-huh) Fuck the state pen, fuck hoes at Penn State (c'mon) Listen close it's Francis, the Praying Mantis Attack with the Mac, my left hand spit, right hand grip on the whip, for the smooth getaway Playa haters get away or my lead will spray Squeeze off til I'm empty, don't tempt me Only, to Hell I send thee, all about the Benji's What?? [Outro: Puff Daddy] 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ The Lox Album: No Way Out Song: I Got the Power Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Styles] My click is in it til it's over, never sober Bustin over, lay in the lane with the 'caine in the Rover Pray to Jehovah, for the nigga with the Ruger The young Don, the Heron mover You know my hustle, I bring the fo' pound to the tussle Motherfuck your pit with no muzzle So chill cuzo, let me blow for my niggaz Runnin round, get down like motherfuckin gorillas Shorty bop the wolop, in the spot with the dollop Pot full of acid, I got the game mastered Move dimes, hit twenties addicted to gettin money It could be a hundred degrees and never look sunny Black I'm tryin to live, somethin got to give But everyday's the same old, runnin from po-po Mom think I'm loco, cause I sell crack and puff cocoa Yo, it's the style see it's still the same And when worse comes to worse, I steal the 'ciane Papi know my face, so he don't expect it Runnin from the gutter so he gots to accept it Stripped his ass naked, then I put a slug in him He just another motherfucker, ain't no love in him I put a bug in him, never sleep on one who never slept I take my last breath every time I hit the meth It's the D to the E, M to the O N Blowin, steady playin shotgun, throwin Don't you see the shorty with the baseball cap Don't make me flip motherfucker with this baseball bat Best to brace yo' gat, 'fore I brace mine, cause I lace nine from yo' dome to yo' motherfuckin spine [Chorus: Puff Daddy] I be, that nigga that yo' niggaz can't fuck wit That nigga that yo' bitches wanna creep wit That nigga that you can't get along wit Playa hate but you wanna do a song wit That nigga that you see in the videos That nigga with the jewels and the jiggy hoes That nigga that'll die for his main man That nigga with the gettin money gameplan [Verse Two: Sheek] Haven't you heard that Bad Boys move in silence yet? When you increase the peace, the mo' wild it get I'm only sizin you niggaz from the waist up And I ain't, wettin no parts you can't touch with makeup Mr. Jacob without the Ladder It don't matter clap your wake up and do a shakeup nobody badder, since the, baby finksta I was in the playpen wai-tin for kids to enter Shit I even blitz the rich to get chips Housekeeper disguised with the nine bubble grip Extra clip in the vacumn if I slip Room service ring the alarm and get the bomb Blown to Hong Kong wide been long gone Plus I got the power to ramshack, you dig that? Worldwide while you simply thug where you live at [Verse Three: Jadakiss] You don't really wanna get involved, with the L-O-X car-tellers, Goodfellas, that's who we are You can't outsell us, it ain't shit you could tell us Jealous dog, cause we spread like relish Bad Boys, and we all eat together When it go down, then we draw heat together Since I made the connection with the big man I done got big plans, to be a little nigga in the big Land Ghetto star, presidential all gift wrapped And what you call weight? I know cats who sniff that Enjoy life, what are you sayin? If the DA ain't got a nigga payin, papi got him weighin Anything to do with money you can count J in Next time we bring it to these faggots we ain't playin Cream of the crop, and we ain't never gon' stop Hittin you in your head with that butter from The Lox [Chorus] - fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rakim f/ Busta Rhymes, Jadakiss, Styles P Album: The Seventh Seal Song: Euphoria Typed by: josephbrandon@mac.com Bonus track for Seventh Seal downloaded from www.rakim.com Yeah, you know what this is. NYC The triumphant return (Rakim Allah) Rakim: Remember being introduced to rapping your first rhyme It's pivotal like a fiends first high Hustlers first ride players first dime Unforgettable like a ladies first time The world been waiting for euphoria The true form with a sixth sense new nausea True talk to the tomb so you forced me to go hard Like the streets is the womb And New York be the birth place of hip hop Get it, it's the model where swagger was born We set trends to follow The home of the gods, the go-getters and my flow Ain't a city been so prolific since Cairo Hiero-glyphic, graffiti paint of view  Slang ? too, just naming a few Still claiming through that thing that you do Til you famous and just love for the game and this bangers for you Euphoria, Euphoria natural high Feeling good off this hip hop I supply Time goes by, still world wide Still top five rapping, dead or alive Euphoria (The world been waiting for euphoria) Styles P: I love hip hop to death, drop science like Rakim, my thoughts manifest Yeah I'm the ghost but you can see me in the flesh ? a father that he can see me through the test It wasn't for rap my life will probably be a mess Used to sell crack outside had a bad attitude Used to scrap outside but listen to that motherfucker rap outside You can hear me over the guns that clap outside True warrior raps my euphoria Only my mind can bring me this many stories up No elevators, no escalators spit hard 'til death or respirators This is alpha omega nigga get your data I transform when the mic plugged in Cause the feelings euphoric cause I spit boric Euphoria, Euphoria natural high Feeling good off this hip hop I supply Time goes by, still world wide Still top five rapping, dead or alive Euphoria (The world been waiting for euphoria) Jadakiss: At the end of the day what does it all amount to Verses too strong to be sold over the counter Industry is like a night club and I'm a bouncer I don't give a fuck about what you can sell and ounce for Nah, that ain't the topic of discussion It's the music ya'll niggas think it's knocking it's disgusting I rather just pull it out, cock it then bust it Feels like he plugged into a socket when you touch it Ain't a thang for me, pain then glory Temporary thug exchange the same story That's why I'm still militant, still killing it Soon as it enters the blood stream start feeling it Then it's all good long as you know what you dealing with Knowledge of the game that I got I'm concealing it I'm talking to all of ya'll put the four four to ya Kiss is a warrior, this is euphoria Euphoria, Euphoria natural high Feeling good off this hip hop I supply Time goes by, still world wide Still top five rapping, dead or alive Euphoria (The world been waiting for euphoria) Busta Rhymes: It's like I'm dealing with spirits and 'bout to send a ghost to get 'em When they hear me spit I make them tremble like the dope was in 'em Going into convulsions from the size of the weed bag Victims is regular junkies this celebrity rehab Respected by all of the godfathers and the new names They got a love for my product insert it in their blue vein, okay They on my neck when I come around like a new chain Niggas know my rep and the dosage when I bring the new flame Niggas all feeling the same effect, this shit is lethal Like they was shooting the same shit, using the same needle When I'm steady busting hollows I'm always ready to start this You niggas is like ? the cartridge You can see how the drug impacted the street from the responses It saturate the planet was all apart of the process The shit we get we take it to another place you can't ignore it To a higher stimulation, nigga shit is so euphoric Euphoria, Euphoria natural high Feeling good off this hip hop I supply Time goes by, still world wide Still top five rapping, dead or alive Euphoria (The world been waiting for euphoria) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ray J f/ Styles P Album: All I Feel Song: Real Nigga Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Uhh, that's right uhh Uhh, that's right I'm a (real nigga) {*6X*} Dope dealer [Ray J] Probably catch me up in the club with some bad bitches I remember nights when I didn't, have bitches I remember days when I didn't, have riches That's why I'm in the club now champagne spillin I'm in the club now, I'm a big spender Ice on my neck and diamonds on my suspenders, I'm no beginner My ex-girl, she keep callin me trippin But I keep tryin to tell her that I'ma stay pimpin I bought a cream Bentley, black Lamborghini Three or fo' houses, 15 hemi's [Chorus: Ray J] I'm a boss pret' ladyyyyy You wanna roll with them dollar signs babyyyyy (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga Real nigga, yeahhhh (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga - smoke some weed (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga - work all day (I'm a) real nigga, (I'm a) real nigga - fuck all night Real nigga, yeahhhh [Styles P] Styles P, Ray J You know what it is, D Block Used to play the hill and have a dream of the house That's the house on the hill, count up the mil' on the couch, ouch Kinda hurt to do dirt, but it work, look at the stash now (Look at it) Three rooms filled with cash now Did dope deals, did coke deals Hundred dollar bills trick, tell me how the smoke feel (how it feel?) Used to be hand-me-downs and no frills I'm a real nigga, know I keep it so trill (so trill) I'm on the grind like the blender is Work where the fender is, don't know what pretendin is Real niggaz do real things Better act like you know it, find out the agenda miss Yeah! [Ray J] I'm in my condo downtown With a girl that I flew in from out of town Drop the top, now we cruisin around town 1 o'clock we hit the club and go shut it down See I don't wanna make you feel like you're a rebound But girl I'll fly you in and fly you right back out of town You flyin OUT, while another girl's flyin in At 9 o'clock, the pimpin begins again (I'm pimpin baby!) [Styles P] Real nigga, real jiggy, bossy baby (boss) Bright red CL, call it saucy 'cedes Handguns everywhere (everywhere) in case niggaz get on me I bet I get 'em off me baby I'm awfully crazy (crazy) You in the presence of a gangsta like me, you just forced to pay me You know? [Outro] The game won't change The game won't change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Jadakiss, Styles P Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II Song: Broken Safety Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] 	*sounds of fighting* Heh, do you know any other styles? 	I am very grateful! Are you ready? 	I'm ready... [Jadakiss] Uh, down on 40 Deuce, when I was a shorty duke That's when I first got the Naughty goose Now I come through in a sported coupe I know what you better do, stop talking bout what you outta do My crack spot is still portable Funerals are still affordable, I'm better than all of you I'm in the hood scraping 'em, Jadakiss, Rae and 'em Ya'll lame niggas, come uptown, spend a day with 'em Bigger ones, bootleg liquor runs, blow something, nigga Let the Earth smoke hit your lung, get your guns The economy is down, so you already know It's gon' be a lot of homi's in the town That's why I'm still bringing the seed back The sneakers that I can't pronounce, that cost a G stack Niggas in the yard, got this on repeat, black Fuck saving hip hop, we bringing the streets back, what? [Raekwon] Player spit snipping, different color wallies on Bliffen had to take 'em off, they fucked up the soles, flipped it I'm forever zooted, crushed up glass, I'm just flashing through it Nine times out of ten, suede down at the Jumer Maybach bloomers, playing rumors, card shark Getting cash money, take a loan, hit this tuner We onion head niggas, the gun gooners Put us together, he run sea, I run land, with one ruger Stop playing, you know we run rap, you know we done that Stop fronting, son, put the gun back We came with the containers, besides having the flamers My Mexican mans is famous Running through the streets, the bulldog Conehead hoodies on, eighteen five for footballs Maxed like I'm under a good wall, good G Good recipe, good status, a hood broad [Styles P] I used to move brown rectangles Roll you a blunt, then smoke you with death's angel Chrome trey pound is making your neck dangle Blue trey eight is leaving your chest mangled It's math but the gun could kill you at all angles Leave the toast home, I'm leaving you all strangled Louis loafers on the Jaguar, gas peddles You got the cops with you, you ain't even half ghetto (Not even half) We neither here nor there But if, you was over here, you would of been got aired (Been got aired) Like a pair of white Nike's on a summer day Pointing the gun away, I could kill you niggas a hundred ways Mine's in a place that yours ain't, so I'm wearing war paint For the day that I see the Lord saint Blowing the purple haze, playing The Purple Tape Fuck with Chef or the Ghost, get left with a purple face [kung fu sample] Too bad, your courage will be the death of you 	*sounds of fighting* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Jadakiss Album: Blood on Chef's Apron Song: Gutterman Music Typed by: pneumatic (Intro: Raekwon ad-libs) [Raekwon] Pimp talk with the gun on his dick Multi classic, Jurassic gat, Bubble in the bricks Nicknamed Cassis, Milano's blow through the Verrazano Catch me on fly mode bastard I come from the strong, Four-fifth long With the bubble gum goose on, With boots on, One We down to kill niggas, Jump in the wheels Screw the tip off then blow my some Phil's I'm a silverback, Blue llamas, Out in Holland Holla if you want drama, We hit lovers and Mommas So what's the nonsense, Yo, You play'n with piranhas Get your face hit, Skin start smoking like ganja Levi's on, Eyes on me, Black Dutch, Gold watch on You swear I got the glocks on Cuban Linxs music, With rocks on Fuck yall niggas, Put your pops on it (Interlude: Raekwon ad-libs) [Jadakiss] Yo, I aint a rock star, But I get rock bread Still in the DT, How many drop head I don't want you to throw up, I want you to drop dead Now can you picture me rolling like Pac said Do it for the inmates, All of the hot heads Young niggas that pump coke, All of the pot heads Heavy bling, Empty out the click, Let the dez-e ring Scales only used to be digital, Now it's everything Screws in the Maruey's, Ice sitting right over the Pauly's I aint got to tell you, No to story Drug dealer turned rapper Slash gangsta thug nigga, That burn Master's They say when you getting money the World turns faster Hollow tips and dummys'll earn you a casket He was a titan but wasn't ready for who he clashed with Wake is pop'n, Funeral was a classic, Sick bastard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Capone, Polite, Sheek Louch Album: The Lex Diamond Story Song: Planet of the Apes Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Capone] I just had to say that right there Rae I just have to say you my nigga, understand? It don't get no realer than this, man Let's slow the fuck down You gettin' like a hundred worth for real, man [Hook 2X: Polite] Eh yo thug niggas know the code, lock and load Hit 'em in the head, watch a nigga brain explode Yo from Y.O. to Q.B. they bang this shit Shaolin boys they bang them fifths [Intro continues overlapped by Chorus] Fuckin' cops ain't paid up nothin' Yo you know we shoot you down, man Ice Water Inc., yeah! Territory, nigga Millitainment, Y.O Yeah, yeah Yeah yeah eh yo [Capone] Eh yo late night, candle light, fiend with a crackpipe It's only right, feelin' higher than an airplane, right? I'm tryin' to get this money, right? So I move cautiously You more frauds, you see? I'ma live bossy Way out on Fantasy Island with Mr. Roth, B I gotta play the ghetto, everyday the hood endorse me (Q.B.) I'm destined for triple, left hand crook and the right hand fury Will block the shots, that's simple, I dented a tomb for style A toast to the death of my foes, respect violence, the criminal codes Hammer smack a nigga out his five senses Leave him dumb, deaf and blind, I ride on rinses Interest so tight, strobe lights follow my grace Bang bullets by the gates, might hollow ya face Me and Chef smark massive murder, kill 'em! I scramble anywhere in Shaolin, right in Castalano buildin' [Chorus 2X: Polite w/o "Eh yo" second time] Eh yo real niggas get up, live niggas, what up? We don't give a fiduck, you faggots'll get hit up Q.B., what up? Y.O., what up? Shaolin get up or get yo' ass hit up! [Sheek Louch] Eh yo I'm a motherfuckin' Nigga Wit an Attitude Heavy gun play, cock back, niggas is screwed Stomach wounds make it hard for you to swallow ya food Throwin' Purple Tape off for me to get in the mood Sheek Louch, who fuckin' wit' that kid? I'm sick in the head, they need to make a throwback straight jacket White tee on, a light G. on These bitches you wife and the God try pee on I don't care if it's a gram or brick I'ma make it sell, get off my dick Pump or the Desert E., take your pick Money too long, the case won't stick D-Block niggas fuck with Rae Nigga act hard and get hit up in the middle of day Tough guys and all that but I know that you pay And I don't give a fuck, niggas better watch what they say [Chorus 2X] [Raekwon] Body specialist, full cam F50 with vans A pull up, do it to ya mans, yo scrams If you take niggas ears, niggas ain't really queers Listen, it's grown men in the town, niggas is their's Fluck niggas, I cut niggas, stuck niggas Come up, pluck niggas, pop niggas in chucks, it's business You in this? We non-shoulder style, son, relentless They four lettered me Chef, nigga get down Drop you, piss on you, get this, it's official on you Yo twist the clips hits, this was on you I'm just a business head ridin' with visual Don't force me to put out ya head One for the money, two for the crime round up Peep it, all major niggas holdin' they ground, get up Let's form an army millenia, Ice Water! From Q.B. to Y.O. with Shaolin, I'm feelin' you [Chorus 2X] [Break 4X: Raekwon singing] We gon' ride for our team My niggas'll kill you [Outro: Polite *over break*] For the team, nigga My niggas kill you, nigga Y'all niggas want war? Nigga pop up! Yeah ride for ya motherfuckin' team, nigga Death before dishonor, you heard me? The motherfuckin' Lex Diamond Story Y'all niggas better wake the fuck up! Yeah, Ice Water Inc., you heard me? D-Block, what up? Pain, time and glory, word, you heard? Yeah, yeah.. my niggas'll kill you, nigga! Bitch-ass niggas! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Diddy, Fabolous, Jadakiss, OJ Da Juiceman, Rick Ross Album: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part One) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Diddy] (Red Cafe) BAAAAAAAAAAAAADDBOYYYYYYYY!!!!! THIS IS THE REMIX!!!! Red Cafe! WHO THE FUCK Y'ALL THINK Y'ALL FUCKIN WITH!!!! THIS IS WHAT YOU BEEN WAITIN FOR!!! I RUN SHIT HERE!!!! YOU JUST LIVE HERE!!!!!! (What else!!!!) THIS IS BAD BOY MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!! (HUH!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse One: Red Cafe] I'm the hottest in the hood, chick game silly Chick hand in my draws tryin to Free Willy Now all y'all really tryin to rhyme like me Boy verse fly like I wrote in on the plane Huh! Push weight no Royce Now the check cleared Shakedown, Bad Boy Hottest in the world, hottest in the game Rap King James I'm a put it on the chain Big hog at the valet DAMN Get 'em on they toes like it's ballet DAAAAAAAMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNN!!!!! Yeah! I get my 2Pac on Thuglife hottest in the hood dot com [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Eh-HEEEH! Uh, yeah Five years off, number three in the country Proof is in the pudding, yeah the hood wants me Straight from the kitchen, hate from a distance Not only the hottest but the most consistent (Why?) I'm about money and pussy, I'm not a banger (uh-uh) Always gon' be somewhere to put me, I'm like a hanger (uh) One thing about life, ain't no sequel Montega, Hayes, Pedico, E-Pills 'Bout to run a train on your wifey and I'm second next Treat ya face like +The Name of Love+ while I'm +Steppin+ Tour bus wit a buch of automatic weapons "Hottest in the Hood" remix and I'm reppin [Chorus: Red Cafe] (Diddy) And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on (THIS IS THE REMIX!!!!) And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Three: Rick Ross] (Diddy) Step out the kitchen, look like I'm slippin The chick made a puddle of it how the jewels drippin My niggas form a huddle everybody got positions The crib's Sportcenter, I ball on commission Run but I catch ya, fumble when I wet ya (Ross what they do?) Crumble under pressure That boy outta sight till that boy outta white Call the stick JJ cause that bitch dynamite Talkin China white, all black kicks Red Cafe, all black six Six spanish girls, tall black chicks She got a pair of shoes but you call that dick [Verse Four: Fabolous] It's LoSo.. Aiyyo, truthfully...How can they mistake you for me?  (What?) You're a joker, imitation, a spoof of me Call the referee, I consider it FOUL They just, follow my swag, Twitter my stlye Knowin I can make it go down. no Drano Son, I'll get up in yo ass, no rainbow I'm on my grown-man, time-piece, no chain-o Cuts on the face, yeah the watch's on Maino I body this joint, it's only the tag Who wanna be the new single and get thrown in the bag? Huh, guess who's back wit a motherfuckin vengeance Hottest in the hood like a motherfuckin engine [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Five: OJ Da Juiceman] AYYE..Juiceman in the building I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooood! Betta ask somebody, man I'm good Red diamond chain, I'm hood (aye, okay!) Big panky raing like bug Flaunt the credit but Juice still a thug Still trappin in the hood wit a plug And I'm workin in the kitchen cookin drugs Kushy blunt got me high like a bug Gold ring like the NBA Club I'll invent a hunter dining witcha girl Alaska and Atlanta hot herb Young Ju' manye, he a flam-er [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Outro: Diddy]] Shakedown, Konvict! Bad Boy, you know what it is! That's it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ The LOX Album: I'm Ill (Remix Part One) 12" Song: I'm Ill (Remix Part One) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Sample of "A Billi" by Jay-Z] (Sheek Louch) (*Red Cafe) (**Jadakiss) RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (THIS IS THE REMIX!!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (D-BLOCK!!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! (Talk to 'em) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! (Nigga) I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (**EH-HEH!!!!!!)  RAH!!!! RAH!!!! [Verse One: Jadakiss] (Sample of "A Billi" by Jay-Z) Uh! Yo! Ain't no antidote and ain't no answer It's me then cancer Jojo Dancer You could try to fight it but you won't get a chance to Download the program or even advance ya Software I'm about takin you off here Turn to somethin small into guerilla warfare Sippin coffee over your death in my lawn chair Hot meal made by the chef with the long hair Wherever you could think about goin we goin there Soon as we touch down you know it's on there Then spendin the money, like we don't care And when them boys come last thing you 'gon hear is (RAH!!!) [Verse Two: Red Cafe]  It's R!!!! I done sold it all, out a Grey Rover I got all the connections no layover Hood diet plan come to my gallery I serve Coke Zero no calories Still flippin, bri-dicks olympics Slangin on the benches, rep, flow vintage Line 'em up or gun 'em down tell me who next Still raw even when I practice safe sex Fall through the spidot they like who he? They see a nigga in the zone like two three I had big plans when I left the big house Bad Boy they done let me up in BIG house [Chorus: Sample of "A Billi" by Jay-Z] (Red Cafe) (*Sheek Louch) RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! (I'm ill) I'm ill!!! (I'm ill) I'm ill!!! (*THIS IS THE REMIX!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (*D-BLOCK!!!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! (*SHAKEDOWN!!!! WHATTUP FAMILY!!!! BAD!!! BOY!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! RAH!!!! RAH!!!! [Verse Three: Sheek Louch] Donnie G, I gotchu son. I'm ill! Nine milli on a Louie belt Hands been on the same woman Reggie Bush felt Donnie, chains go bang, Cirocs on the table Trees all around me like I'm in Turks and Caico Cars too foreign and I ain't never been to Maaco Used to sleep on me, now they study my flow (Sheek LOUCH!) I'm i-ll, that's how I win vanillas, shades on Sittin in the +Back+ like I'm Wynton Marsalis Still play the hood, even though my money grow Top down, CNN, N.O.R.E. and Capone (Ha ha!)  I'm ill, no worry if the Lox got a deal Just getcha lil' money, it might be your last meal RAHHHHH!!!!! [Verse Four: Styles P] Sicker than H1N1 (sick!) Kill the top 5 rappers, then some Know it's redrum, when the lead come The gun's the washer and dryer who want they heads spun? I only give a fuck when the bread comes (That's it!) ...Street niggas know the repertoire +Public Enemy+ like Dillinger and Escobar (haha!) I keep shooters on the roof Goons on deck with wolves for the resta y'all (all that!) Make you ill when D-Block calls (D-Block!) That's a knife goin in, our gun goin off S-P's hard, they think ALL Y'ALL soft! WHAT! [Chorus: Sample of "A Billi" by Jay-Z] (Red Cafe) (*Sheek Louch) RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! (I'm ill) I'm ill!!! (I'm ill) I'm ill!!! (*THIS IS THE REMIX!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! (*YEAH!!!) I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (*D-BLOCK!!!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! MOTHERFUCKER I'M ILL!!! (WHAT ELSE!!!!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! I'm ill!!! (STILL GOIN!!!) I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! I'm ill!!! (YEAH!) RAH!!!! RAH!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ 50 Cent, Fabolous, Jadakiss, Latif Album: Paper Touchin (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Paper Touchin (Remix Part One) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Latif] Paper touchin! I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper (HUH!) I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper (Red Cafe!) I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (That's all!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (You know I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 1: Red Cafe] Listen up hustlers, I treat them bricks Like the Wheel of Fortune spin it, that's why I'm rich (DAMN!) Sick, I should have been in Saw IV But I'm numero uno trick draw four HEY! I wave at the haters They know it's me I be wearin all the lasers Shakedown, we paper touch Ever since I came home and escaped the cuffs Cafe, servin the East to the West! (WHAT ELSE!) I got 'em on E like Ryan Seacrest (WHAT ELSE!) The Wire said keep the devil in the hole (THAT'S ALL!) But I'm the chef my kettle is never cold It's whatever for the dough, whatever on the 'flo Like I'm from 'Frisco just tell me when to go (WALLA!) Memorial Day in M-I-A! I made it Hurricane Chris, Ay Bay Bay [Verse 2: 50 Cent] From PR to DR, niggas know who we are They know how we do it it's the motherfuckin Unit Push the rock move the yayostack paper like Leggos Rap tornado yeah we fuck with Tego He don't even speak spanish he a fraud Joe really don't want drama he a broad see that cannon oh lord That nigga get to talkin to God Like father forgive me for my sins and forgive me for my friends If you give me one more chance I will not do this again Why 50 never lose man he always wins It's cause the block love us, you, cocksucker I, got your number, this could be your last summer Pussy nigga come around me, movin I'll put a hollow through him (Hollow through him) I'll leave your body, oozin I don't know who confused him (Who confused him?!) 50! [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 3: Jadakiss] HA-HAH!!!! Yeah.. Yo, if it look like a good write-off, I'm chargin it (uh-huh) The Gucci napsack got a couple large in it (yep) The CD player got El Debarge in it (hah) Laid back, while your girl's massagin it (woo!) I keep my loot saved, sell mad crack Other than that, stay in the crib and watch bootlegs (yep) Polo robe on, Louis Vuitton cleathers Thick R&B chick, gettin my Hov on (OH!!) Soon as we unwrap 'em, cuttin the stove on Cook 'em, cut 'em, and bag 'em then I'm gettin my O's on I don't pay attention to internet bloggers (nah) I really get it in, wit the murderers and robbers (yea) This is what a goon'll do Treat your gravesite like a urinal then YouTube your funeral (hahaha) It's just Jada (yea), and I might see you in hell much later, but right now I'ma touch paper [Verse 4: Fabolous] Baby, I touch paper, so much paper We can split it down the middle like Dutch paper And fo' real, I don't even call it paper I got money out the ass, so it's toilet paper Shorty good money in the back area (Woo!) Curve on her hip make me wanna Blackberry her And everybody talkin duffle bag shit Only paper in is prol'ly what they stuff the bag with (fo' real) My swag fit like it's tailor-made yo New York love me, I got a tailor-made flow Oh naw, I ain't who to go hard wit My young boy'll do the job like the Omar hit, sheeiiiiiiittttttttt! [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper [Outro: Akon] Konvict!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Latif Album: Paper Touchin (Remix Part Two) 12" Song: Paper Touchin (Remix Part Two) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Latif] Paper touchin! I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper (HUH!) I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper (Red Cafe!) I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (That's all!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (You know I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 1: Red Cafe] Listen up hustlers, I treat them bricks Like the Wheel of Fortune spin it, that's why I'm rich (DAMN!) Sick, I should have been in Saw IV But I'm numero uno trick draw four HEY! I wave at the haters They know it's me I be wearin all the lasers Shakedown, we paper touch Ever since I came home and escaped the cuffs Cafe, servin the East to the West! (WHAT ELSE!) I got 'em on E like Ryan Seacrest (WHAT ELSE!) The Wire said keep the devil in the hole (THAT'S ALL!) But I'm the chef my kettle is never cold It's whatever for the dough, whatever on the 'flo Like I'm from 'Frisco just tell me when to go (WALLA!) Memorial Day in M-I-A! I made it Hurricane Chris, Ay Bay Bay [Verse 2: Fat Joe] Coca baby, you know the streets we run this You niggas wanna talk crazy, till they catch at least a hundred, OWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!! The internet say the beef gone digital Nah I'm in The Bronx like in the block with the criminals Gat on the side but the Mac make him miserable You niggas piss sittin down like my sister do A Bronx legend like Boy George and Chicken Boo Them Damou's keep hollerin out that SOO WOO!!!!!!!	 Haters, leave 'em front of the bodega My nigga Arnold Schwartzenegger couldn't take us I'm ready for war I'm callin 'em out Where you at? Pulp Fiction red ball in his mouth I'm too real, Joe to ill We run this shit wonder how Pun feel [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 3: Jadakiss] HA-HAH!!!! Yeah.. Yo, if it look like a good write-off, I'm chargin it (uh-huh) The Gucci napsack got a couple large in it (yep) The CD player got El Debarge in it (hah) Laid back, while your girl's massagin it (woo!) I keep my loot saved, sell mad crack Other than that, stay in the crib and watch bootlegs (yep) Polo robe on, Louis Vuitton cleathers Thick R&B chick, gettin my Hov on (OH!!) Soon as we unwrap 'em, cuttin the stove on Cook 'em, cut 'em, and bag 'em then I'm gettin my O's on I don't pay attention to internet bloggers (nah) I really get it in, wit the murderers and robbers (yea) This is what a goon'll do Treat your gravesite like a urinal then YouTube your funeral (hahaha) It's just Jada (yea), and I might see you in hell much later, but right now I'ma touch paper [Verse 4: Fabolous] Baby, I touch paper, so much paper We can split it down the middle like Dutch paper And fo' real, I don't even call it paper I got money out the ass, so it's toilet paper Shorty good money in the back area (Woo!) Curve on her hip make me wanna Blackberry her And everybody talkin duffle bag shit Only paper in is prol'ly what they stuff the bag with (fo' real) My swag fit like it's tailor-made yo New York love me, I got a tailor-made flow Oh naw, I ain't who to go hard wit My young boy'll do the job like the Omar hit, sheeiiiiiiittttttttt! [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper [Outro: Akon] Konvict!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Cassidy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Latif Album: Paper Touchin (Remix Part Three) 12" Song: Paper Touchin (Remix Part Three) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Latif] Paper touchin! I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper (HUH!) I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper (Red Cafe!) I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (That's all!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (You know I'm cooler than the other side of the pillow) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 1: Red Cafe] Listen up hustlers, I treat them bricks Like the Wheel Of Fortune spin it, that's why I'm rich (DAMN!) Sick, I should have been in Saw IV But I'm numero uno trick draw four HEY! I wave at the haters They know it's me I be wearin all the lasers Shakedown, we paper touch Ever since I came home and escaped the cuffs Cafe, servin the East to the West! (WHAT ELSE!) I got 'em on E like Ryan Seacrest (WHAT ELSE!) The Wire said keep the devil in the hole (THAT'S ALL!) But I'm the chef my kettle is never cold It's whatever for the dough, whatever on the 'flo Like I'm from 'Frisco just tell me when to go (WALLA!) Memorial Day in M-I-A! I made it Hurricane Chris, Ay Bay Bay [Verse 2: Fat Joe] Coca baby, you know the streets we run this You niggas wanna talk crazy, till they catch at least a hundred OWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!! The internet say the beef gone digital Nah I'm in The Bronx like in the block with the criminals Gat on the side but the Mac make him miserable You niggas piss sittin down like my sister do A Bronx legend like Boy George and Chicken Boo Them Damou's keep hollerin out that SOO WOO!!!!!!!	 Haters, leave 'em front of the bodega My nigga Arnold Schwartzenegger couldn't take us I'm ready for war I'm callin 'em out Where you at? Pulp Fiction red ball in his mouth I'm too real, Joe to ill We run this shit wonder how Pun feel [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper [Verse 3: Jadakiss] HA-HAH!!!! Yeah.. Yo, if it look like a good write-off, I'm chargin it (uh-huh) The Gucci napsack got a couple large in it (yep) The CD player got El Debarge in it (hah) Laid back, while your girl's massagin it (woo!) I keep my loot saved, sell mad crack Other than that, stay in the crib and watch bootlegs (yep) Polo robe on, Louis Vuitton cleathers Thick R&B chick, gettin my Hov on (OH!!) Soon as we unwrap 'em, cuttin the stove on Cook 'em, cut 'em, and bag 'em then I'm gettin my O's on I don't pay attention to internet bloggers (nah) I really get it in, wit the murderers and robbers (yea) This is what a goon'll do Treat your gravesite like a urinal then YouTube your funeral (hahaha) It's just Jada (yea), and I might see you in hell much later, but right now I'ma touch paper [Verse 4: Fabolous] Baby, I touch paper, so much paper We can split it down the middle like Dutch paper And fo' real, I don't even call it paper I got money out the ass, so it's toilet paper Shorty good money in the back area (Woo!) Curve on her hip make me wanna Blackberry her And everybody talkin duffle bag shit Only paper in is prol'ly what they stuff the bag with (fo' real) My swag fit like it's tailor-made yo New York love me, I got a tailor-made flow Oh naw, I ain't who to go hard wit My young boy'll do the job like the Omar hit, sheeiiiiiiittttttttt! [Chorus: Latif] (Red Cafe) (*Cassidy) I don't know if your money right but a nigga like me got paper I don't know what your money like but a nigga like me 'bout paper I'm 'bout paper, I'm 'bout paper (WHAT ELSE!!!) All my niggas gettin paper (*Yeah! Yeah!) We got paper, we got paper (THAT'S ALL!!!) All my hustlers got paper (*We touchin paper over here) [Verse 5: Cassidy] I'm paper touchin, hustlin, servin ev'ryday You could even flip birds or flip burgers ev'ryday You could work at Micky D's if you ain't workin with the keys I'm a person that'll squeeze if I ain't workin with the cheese I air niggas out but when you tear niggas out of the frame They say your name and start workin with the D's Now certain niggas wreckless But the same dude that try murk you for your necklace be workin with detectives They rats but they know that snitches get ditches That's why you see vest's on certain niggas chest's (UH HUH!!!) I guess if you from Kiladelphia Pistolvania You gotta be a pistol banger I'm the boss type off white crystal slanger Keep a full clip and one in the pistol chamber So if you cross the hustler or my man Red Cafe! You probably 'gon be dead that day! [Outro: Akon] Konvict!!!!! Artist: Rick Ross f/ Styles P Album: Teflon Don Song: B.M.F. (Blowin' Money Fast) Typed by: wesly.compere001@mymdc.net We blowing money fast on this side nigga catch up I think I'm Big Meech, Larry Hoover whipping work, halleluiah one nation, under God real niggas getting money from the fucking start I think I'm Big Meech, Larry Hoover getting work, hallelujah one nation, under God real niggas getting money from the fucking start My Rolls Royce triple black I'm iche hoe Balling in the club, bottles like I'm Miche hoe Roze that's my nickname Cocaine running in my big vains Self made you just affiliated I build it ground up, you bought it renovated Talking plenty capers nothings been authenticated Funny you claiming the same bitch that I'm penetrating Hold the bottles up where my comrades Where the fucking felons, where my dawgs at I got that Archie Bunker and it's so white I just might charge you double These motherfuckers mad that I'm icey Stunt so hard make them indict me I think I'm Big Meech look at my time peace Its anodomere hundred wrecks at least Look at yourself now look at me (Me) You cant see a nigga I'm what you you use to be Look at it this way you niggaz side ways Always getting money my nigga crime pays So fuck a nigga(fuck a nigga) I'm self made You a sucka nigga Sucka Nigga) I'm self paid This for my broke niggas This for my rich niggas Got a hundred on a head of a snitch nigga *]( {styles Talking}*yeah what up, had to be the ghost yall nigga know what it is lets get it my nigga) [Styles P rap] You 36, hoes leave you bleedin fam words in I'm 36 Os in a kilogram (ha) blunt tip orange like Caviar wilding out fishcaling Subaru rally cars (fishcaling) out the passenger letting the Atomati off (let it off) hey of that girl ill knock your mommi and you daddy off(you know that) Fuck around I knock the emblem on the Caddy off (fuck around) Four shooters bugging out blinking out your Caddi doors Did I mentioned Guns from red there redemption nine mills fifty clips extentions (the long clip) Hope its like a matrres in the hood I'm flippin on it (I'm flippin) and the moneys like a chair I'm seatin on it (be quite nigga) Maybach music... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Chief Keef, Jadakiss, Kanye West Album: The Black Bar Mitzvah (Mixtape) Song: Don't Like Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Rick Ross] Yeah We came in Anguilla More money than you ever heard of Gotta master the art of living young nigga Ain't never think id get this much nigga Let man explain it to them Oh Lord please don't stop baby [Verse 1: Rick Ross] I seen a home boy die in cold blood Eyes rolled in his head weren't no love His mamma sold pussy that it was a fiend He from a place where niggas don't believe in dreams [Repeat] Niggas snorting potty get your head right Get your dick sucked sitting at the red light Now you catching cases, talking home invasions How you get upon how the fuck you playing Can't be playing games on the home field Open up like a God on that dome peel We ain't had shit when we went to school Now it's flat screens up in every room Nigga do the math, got you full of crap Tub full of money, candy on the slat Teflove underneath my fresh tag Bellhobble walking out with 40 bags I can fuck a model for an autograph 8 cars, still make her call a cab Shout out to Def Jam Shout out to Waner Brothers Shout out to Dope boy, we all need each other I'm in Anguilla, I'm smoking killa We run the game, pussy boy go cry a river [Chorus: Chief Keef] A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like [Verse 2: Kanye West] (This Chicago, nigga!) They smile in my face is what I don't like They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite The media crucify me like they did Christ They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite But I never hit a woman never in my life I was in too deep like Mekhi Phifer In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right? But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night Free Bump J, real nigga for life Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice Shout out to L-E-P, Jay Boogie right? Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? right?! [Verse 3: Chief Keef] (Young Chop on the beat) Fake Gucci, that's that shit I don't like Smoking on this dope, higher than a kite This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe Screaming Sosa, that's that nigga that I like I don't want relations, I just want one night Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life And I stunt so much in clothes, cause I'm living life I come up on the scene, and I'm stealing light Bitch I'm high off life, got me feeling right Bitch I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like And bitch we GBE, we just go on sight [Verse 4: Jadakiss] I done sold purple, I done sold white Running outta work, that's that shit I don't like She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice She blowing up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother 30 for the Jesus Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Styles P Album: Rich Forever (Mixtape) Song: Keys to the Crib Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Rick Ross] I got them ki's in the crib You wouldn't find them if you had the keys to the crib Them niggaz cheesing, it's real It ain't cheese if it's less than a mil' I think I'm losing my religion Praying on these niggaz, wrap a kilo in a ribbon Live every day like it's my last My only trending topic is the cash [Verse 1: Rick Ross] I see no nigga in these clear Gazelles Bitch-ass nigga, better get some mail I'm riding in a 6 like this bitch for sale That boy Meek Mill squeeze clips for real See me in the street, rose-gold everything Moving like hoes got me plotting on your team Learning your whereabouts, burners to air 'em out Bitches a motion picture, I'm picturing Paramount Riding in the Lotus, Teflon Don With an ambitious bitch, lotus flower bomb Wale on burn, young nigga's doing numbers Double M G got it the next ten summers I'm trying to do it big forever Keys to the crib, and I'm with whatever Ki's to the crib, nigga, bricks wherever Hundred mil' plus til we rich forever [Verse 2: Rick Ross] I see no nigga in these red Gazelles All I see is women with these massive tails All I see is young'uns with this trash to sell They got some CO's that get you hash in jail Little dope, little coke, talking cash for real Funeral's never cool, nigga, pass the steel I'm a guru in the kitchen, whipping mass appeal Boobie got a life sentence on his last appeal That's one of few names that'll last for real Got me drinking from the bottom, no glasses filled Always purple in the cup, nigga, pass the pills I'm the first one here to fuck, snatch your ass for real Keys to the crib, boys, keys to the V If you at the table, then you eat what I eat Breathe what I breathe, drink what I drink Smoke what I smoke and we still mink for mink [Verse 3: Styles P] Ki's in the crib, you want keys to the crib I got work from Argentina and Belize in the crib Homie holding a nina, could sneeze him a brick Knee-deep in the cocaine, trees in the six Biggie on the stereo, seven-digit flips This is the scenario - something go wrong, it's a burial Hit the hood, watch it go around like a merry-go White seats, new M5, all cherry though Heard you at Aces, Courvoisier, toasting the niggaz that beat cases Knowing your connect on a name-to-name basis Eating with your fam on a day-to-day basis Weight shit, get the big house and the spaceship Team of lawyer niggaz That'll fucking boil niggaz for a chain or a bracelet Nigga, you know I'm living fly For the love of the game, I put a ribbon on the pie [Outro: Rick Ross talking] If I'm rich now, is it too much to pray to be rich forever? Forgive me Lord! Forgive me My next move; God Forgives, I Don't I think you'll love it Rich Forever! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Erykah Badu, Jadakiss, T.I. Album: Teflon Don Song: Maybach Music III Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League" [T.I.] My garage is flawless, under a hundred thou' ain't allowed Maybach triple white like I'm riding in a cloud No denim on my seats, baby you gon' need a towel Ride sexy through the city, see me you will be aroused My bankroll so well endowed, pull bitches from M-I-A to A-T-L in style And in crowds catch me in town, on the strip in Vegas chilling, filling bitches' faces with babies Bitch bite your tongue, this just ain't a Mercedes Tell the A.T.F. I'm riding with another .380 That's my car cost, y'all thought I would fall off That was just a small loss, we can have a ball off Fly to N.Y., meet me at the Waldorf- Astorian, architecture Victorian Riding in the past like you're driving a DeLorean Hard times, never heard of those in the 'Bach My feet kicked up, get my dick sucked with the curtains closed And for the record kid, my final question is how your bitch gon' feel in that when you two pull up next to this? Hahahahah, Maybach Music nigga! [Chorus: Erykah Badu] Everybody knows how the story goes Money and clothes, they gon' come and go But guess who stays the same? You gon' see the name Stroll real slow, with the curtains drawn [Jadakiss] Yo, piff that I'm blowing on is fucking up the ozone Plus I keep a dope line similar to Cold Stone's Ice cream, pipe dreams is what they have when I pull up in that light thing I put a hurting on, I got the curtains drawn Whoever ain't getting shitted on, I'm squirting on I'm in the six-deuce, fifty-sevens for the health Chopper in the trunk, .45 for the belt Bunch of wax dummies, all you guys gonna melt Live for your kids, die for yourself Bottles in the sky if you ride for the wealth Peas on the block, pies on the shelf If I ain't in the back of the 'Bach, I ain't in nothing else Haha, I'm something else [Chorus: Erykah Badu] Everybody knows how the story goes Money and clothes, they gon' come and go But guess who stays the same? You gon' see the name Stroll real slow... [Rick Ross] Uh, cigar please I came alive like a moth in the summer time Japanese wheel blades all samurai Shine brighter than them bitches on the other side Time to make a blind motherfucker recognize Ammunition got the competition nonexistent Had to bubble crack but didn't have a pot to piss it I'll double that, how dare you try to knock a nigga? Street scholar, graduated no father figure Still tote chrome, check my chromosomes Meet me halfway with things and a mobile home Money machines, yeah they RING like a mobile phone I'm a seven-up, I need a coca-cola loan I'm in the hood like I'm James Evans Cashmere hand-made sweater Me and money got a vendetta Looking back, to tell the truth I could've did betta Parents never had a good job Now it's Black American Express cards, uh "Maybach Music" Rozay! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ Jadakiss Album: DJ Clue: N.C. 2000/Fiesta 12" Song: Fiesta (Original Version) Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {R. Kelly Humming} [R. Kelly] Chillin in my four point six, at the light Bout to be V-I-P for the night Shorty in the drop top V, made alright Pull up to a bumper baby, beep twice Jumped out the whip like I was the police Didn't have a gun but my wrist said freeze That Friday on a dvd She's a baller and I'm a baller, what what [Chorus: R. Kelly] To all my hot girls livin, fiesta To all my hot boys livin, fiesta To all my Chi-Town niggaz, fiesta And all my uptown niggaz, fiesta To all my players and my hustlers, fiesta And iif you sittin on them thangs, fiesta To all the honies in the club, fiesta And if you rollin wit a thug, fiesta [R. Kelly] We be off in the club sippin la Red eyed deep in the cut puffin lah Strippers in the back of the club showin la Soon as I get a buzz, I'm showin la House on top of the hill, got 'em what Who's gonna by the bar? Got 'em up Take the haters out in the back rough 'em up I'm a baller, now where's my ballers? What what [Bridge: R. Kelly] We pop Cris' on a daily base (Come on) Plus we got honies all up in the place (Yeah) Bout to wild out in a major way (That's Right) So put your hands up if you made your pay (Come on) Add a little juice to the Tanqueray (Yeah, Yeah) And let the ice show up to the diamond face (Uh huh) Rockland sittin on Capitol Hill (Come on) Trackmasters make Capitol deals [Jadakiss] Yo you can catch me blowin fesh Chronic In the new Charcoal Gray M-5 step tronic And I don't pimp, I just keep my hoes in order And I keep my neck full of frozen water And we usually wear jeans, but it's linen tonight I'm spendin tonight, everybody spendin the night We gon flick it up and hit my man off wit a kite So when he see it, he can visualize livin the life If I do somethin to you, then you guys could tell But you know that I still got pies for sale A plane and a boat cause I like to fly and sail Did you ever think you'd hear the *muah* and Kel? Sippin bano's and everything, hittin models and everything (Fiesta) You can spot me and R by the bar wit heavy bling The east side to the west side, live it up (Fiesta) While you cause even the best die so (Fiesta) [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Mos Def, Styles P Album: Rising Down Song: Rising Down Typed by: jefff.petty@gmail.com Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... [Mos Def] Every anywhere heights plains peaks or valleys Entrances exits vestibules and alleys Winding roads that test the firm nerve Fortune or fatal behind the blind curve The engine oil purr, lights flash to a blur Speed work through the earth make your motor go scurrr Tonight at noon watch a bad moon rising Identities in crisis and conflict diamonds Blinding staring at lights 'til they cryin' Bone gristle popping from continuous grindin Grapes of wrath in a shapely glass Ingredients influential on your ways and acts Zero tolerance to raise the tax It don't matter how your gates is latched You ain't safe from the danger jack Made it way before they made the map Or a GPS this is DEF leader [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... Shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Black Thought] Between the greenhouse gases and earth spinnin off its axis Got mother nature doin back flips The natural disasters It's like 80 degrees in Alaska You in trouble if you not an Onasis It ain't hard to tell that the conditions is drastic Just turn on the telly check for the news flashin How you want it bagged, paper or plastic? Lost in translation or just lost in traffic? Yo I don't wanna floss I done lost my passion And I ant trying to climb, Yo I lost my traction They makin' me break, my contents under pressure Do not shake, I'm workin while the boss relaxin Here come Mr. tax man, he leavin a fraction, give me back some Matter fact next pay check it's like that son I'll fuck around and have to hurt a few men They probably chalk it up as a disturbing new trend, Hello [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even the souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Styles P] Should I say hello or should I say that hell is low Am I nigga or a niggero? I'm an African American They sell drugs in the hood but the man, he move the medicine He'll prescribe you all-med for everything A little stuffy nose tell you get some Claritin You know I'm hip to it and its hard to claim the land When my great great great grands were shipped to it look at technology they call it downloading I call it downsizing somebody follow me Does a computer chip have an astrology And when it fuck up could it give you an apology (Could it?) Should it say hello or should it say goodbye Try to understand how smart and how hood am I It don't matter though Until we learn that the world don't turn right We all oughta the scatter though [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... You don't see that something's wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get god on the phone  Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rufus Blaq f/ The LOX Album: Artifacts of Life 12" Song: Artifacts of Life  Typed by: magnetosam@hotmail.com  (The LOX) Is you doing the sticking or is you getting stuck Is you doing the fucking, or is you getting fucked And that's REAL (Styles P) (Hook) It aint a game no more its a sport If you aint got heart to play then stay off da court 3x (Jadakiss) It's the life shit, raised in a crisis Love is priceless, respect tightness React on the night shift If it wasn't for the flow, I'd probably have to double back Bubble crack, see my niggas floating in the bubble ac(ura) (Styles P) That's logical, psychological, diabolical Leave you in the hospital, remarkable When you write the Butta they be mocking you Clocking you, rocking jewels they think of poppin you Think of poppin them, ask young bloods and pop and them I be watching them, rocking them With the Butta bars, it's the LOx and them (Jadakiss) We touch judges and tease DA's to be beat cases And squash beef with erasers, change paces Back and forth for bad urine, it's getting boring It's especially when I'm blowing before court in the morning The Jew lawyer, the true employeer That will destroy ya defense like the Hoyas Linen suit with a mean goya Who stand by my side while the bailiff screams out "Court in Order" (Styles P) Nigga, move your feet, lose your seat We in it for the cream of wheat and everybody's gotta eat You on chow line, we got the last piece of meat Getting bailed about twelve, right back up on the street Crushed rocks on my neck, plush under my feet I be on some life shit, til God put me to sleep (Chorus) Huh, we on some life shit Niggas on the right shift My whole camp keep it tightness with vice grips And I ain't going out God with the light switch Cause when I'm gone I ain't going out like this  (Sheek) Who me? I never wanted to be a doctor or an architech Fuck a lawyer, since 8 I wanted to be a drug connect With fast dough, for teen, I push the palm green Milano Rocking top designos, hitting chicks but never loving A Willie, what made me like this?  I feel in love with cuban icesis  Taking my pops advice, stacking dough from doing heists Flossing bubbles, my shorty, she keep the Marquis At the Garden drinking beer next to Spike Lee My staff holding, we out here trying to lock it No doubt I keep a grave yard in my fatigue pocket Of dead presidencies, my street game is thorough Ask the Willies in the borough, LOX getting that Deniro For real (Rufus Blaq) I know how it is, every sec you gotta show up to court Robbing every spot you see to make child support Eating every meal slow, cherishing every bite Putting pelish on your Nikes cause your shit ain't tight We be running scams just to see your mobs in some minks We don't care what society thinks And I ain't trying to do time cause prison ain't good for my health But if I got 25, fuck hanging myself Nuff respect to the niggas making money however Cause it's hard trying to live without the mozzeralla Cheddar, cheese, that's what that bes Certain things you need, necessities to slang kis Accumulate a hundred Gs, keep your eyes on your stash Cause you could miss something important from watching ass And you ain't hitting to it, never front like you hard Niggas will strip that ass naked, have you fucking a dog Is you doing the sticking or is you getting stuck Is you doing the fucking, or is you getting fucked And that's REAL (Styles P) (Hook) It aint a game no more its a sport If you aint got heart to play then stay off da court 4x Stay off the court, stop balling, retire nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Styles P Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Chapter 2: Bread and Circuses Song: Not Like Them Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Ay yessir [Saigon] I could be parallel to bad as hell, equivalent to ignorant Depends on the matter, well if it's that insignificant I just have to tell a nigga to kick rocks with flip-flops Rappers rather tell than sit in a cell, this is snitch-hop I ain't payin the disc jock', he ain't gettin the wristwatch I'm the realest to make it, he takin dick in the shit box I kinda get why I'm legit, mostly to the folks who think dominant I see why dishonest shit is so prominent See the kids that's rhymin it that ain't lived not a line of it You ain't hood money, not good money, you're counterfeit The kind of a john I get on some low-low for line of shit Interstate 9-5'in it, with that coke and them llamas bitch Hol' up; what time is it? The clock strike ten I guarantee none of y'all be on the block like him Cock the fifth back you get baffled, click-clack you skedaddle Lot of niggaz bust they guns but not like them (but not like them) The record labels are scared of me, internet gotta bag me First they said I was gangsta, then they said not exactly I rap about politicians, rap about protect The loser maneuvers and Edgar Hoover re-enacted Bein I'm on my black shit, they be tryin to silence me But to do that shit, they'll have to do it violently Clack-clack that Mac back, brrrat-tat-tat, clap that Lot of niggaz bust they guns but not like them (but not like them!) [Styles P] A lot of niggaz bust they guns but not like them Y'all niggaz is lukewarm, y'all ain't hot like them Them motherfuckers my brothers, they are not my friends We the band with the bond, from grams on the - (again) A lot of niggaz bust they guns but not like them Y'all niggaz is lukewarm, y'all ain't hot like them Them motherfuckers my brothers, they are not my friends We the band with the bond, from grams on the arm to uncut dope, ya had to land on a farm Rappin in arenas, rubberbands to the mobs Gettin high to Sinatra, in the sands of the palms Reminiscin my rappin with Big, the man was a don Niggaz did it big but, not like them Drink champagne in the ocean just to drown my sins Should've prayed when valet, pull around my Benz Cause niggaz know my beginnin but, not my end Yeah, it's me and Saigon and the paisans Never behind us like we Verizon Go 'head and chill out, get your vibe on Cause this could be the day that you died on [Outro: Saigon] But not like them, but not like them Carenard, I don't think people really understand that Saigon guy That guy's a different breed Yeah yeah, see, savin Private Brian Savin Private Briiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiian The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Sheek Louch Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Dodge This Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] (Rocwilder) Aiyyo Erick Sermon bring that in son! Yeah! Ha Ha Ha! Yeah! D-BLOCK!!! No doubt! Don Don! Yeah! E Double what it do family?! (Yo whattup?) You know I'm a fan right? (Same here my dude) Yeah, aight then, that's you let's get it son......AHHHHHH!!! [Verse One: Erick Sermon] I bring the rapture like Blondie If Hip Hop is dead then what am I a zombie? Got media terrorist tryin to bomb me Serm, cut, follow thee like Gandhi  From Zune to i-tunes I'm bein heard (Yep) Erick Sermon got shut down never occurred (Ummm Ummm) I'm still in the limelight, still bein seen Hoppin out my coupe so I still got cream Still got green, still got steam I'm hot (UH!) Even if they sayin I'm not Y'all exist because of me (Yep) I stand out Like a double d breast yet lately I'm so crazy Seventeen with a Mercedes, all black Ragtop, the color of Spot ya think not? That was sixteen years ago, dubbed untimely Got 1.6 when Def Jam signed me Go 'head rewind me, backtrack what I said (UMMM!!) I'm from the era of Lee jeans and Pro Keds (OWWWWWWWW!!!!!!) E Dub I'm hot like sauna I'm the flyest MC in my genre I must warn ya, word from Wallace (UMMM!!!) Blame niggas steppin to me get demolished Sheek and I got good Grammer, Kelsey  Ain't nobody comin hard lately, Chelsea [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Let me see if y'all can (Dodge this) If we will bring it man well then you can (Dodge this) Lyrically gunfire whenever can ya (Dodge this) I'm a say it one more time, can ya (Dodge this) [Interlude: Sheek Louch] SHEEK LOUCH!!! Don Don!Yeah! Aight then! I'm goin in my G, let's go, yeah! [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] Aiyyo bullets out the wound a nigga poppin at you fags (YEAH!) Pounds of that sour you could smell it through the bags (SMELL THIS!) I don't bang but my niggas holdin up them flags (WHATTUP!) Coupes comin like, King's colors with the mag (AH!!!!) No clientele, you don't ring no bells (UH UH!) I'm 9-1-4 I'm more than Pete and C.L. (Y-O!!!) My album 'gon move without no retail  Bonds is cocaine don't cut fishscale Donnie, call me Don Don silver beat Bobby Baclin Yeah! Niggas don't know how to act When I come through that block (Yeah!) Two door drop (Yeah!) Hat to the side (Uh Huh!) Lookin like my pops (AIGHT!!!!) Lump under my shirt, lookin like the glock (I got that!)  I take my shirt off, lookin like The Rock (HA HA!) Anuthing I get on you know it's 'gon knock (YEAH!) Sheek Louch and E Dub bitch D-Block!!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon] Let me see if y'all can (Dodge this) If you real playboy maybe you can (Dodge this) Lyrically gunfire wherever can ya (Dodge this) I'm a say it one more time, can ya (Dodge this) [Outro] (Erick Sermon) : Dodge this.....Dodge this....(Can ya) Dodge this........ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diggy Simmons f/ Jadakiss Album: Unexpected Arrival Song: 88 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] You know they gon' say What Diggy know bout 88? Well I know this much They made a lotta money back then And that's what mine lookin' like [Diggy Simmons] Aye lil, it's Diggy Got the key to the city Check my family tree You know uncle taught Diddy Who turned around and taught Biggie And Biggie taught Jigga So you can just imagine what he teaching me My top down in the winter My doors up in the summer I pulled up to the light And I drove off with her number 88 is the number! Like Michael Irvin but younger Ain't no preserving my hunger Now they're like "Where did he come from?" Well I got 2 years in And a couple of months Yeah, the road was Bobby Brown It had a couple of bumps They be showing me love Minus a couple of chumps In my best Chris Tucker voice, "Is this what you want?! " No need to front Homie pardon my back I'm gettin it crazy How retarded is that? I'm playin' my cards Got a fist fulla ace's And these lil faces I'm spending you prolly could trace it To 88 88 [x15] (And I'm still spending money from 88) [Diggy Simmons] I hear the hate I don't sweat it Cause I'm getting that fetti' (I said it) I see a lot of mad rappers Derric D-Dot Angelettie Compliments to the chef Ya boy out here eatin great Homie you ain't no umpire Why you watchin my plate? While you watchin my pockets, Jordan 3?s in my closet I get it all sent to me So, I don't need to go to shoppin I ain't braggin, I'm swaggin My fly ladies what's happening? Shout to Nicki I'm an Aries and we go good with Sag's Mhmmm Hope that made you smirk I'm a flirt like Kirk With Dirty Money God made dirt and (Uh) dirt don't hurt This for my, That's gettin it every month on the first No need to front Homie pardon my back I'm gettin it crazy How retarded is that? I'm playin' my cards Got a fist fulla ace's And these lil faces I'm spending you prolly could trace it To 88 88 [x15] (And I'm still spending money from 88!) [Jadakiss] Yo, That's what my family was rockin' I just sat back and watched em I was only 13 So I ain't know nothin bout coppin' I just knew that they had it And if I asked then I got it It all started from trees Then it turned to narcotics All the whips was exotic All the chicks was erotic Money was coming so fast All you needed was product And somebody to test it Find a good place to try it Never keep nothin' on you Find a good place to hide it If I'm in it I own it Cause if I like it I buy it Keep the loud in the air Kinekt like that I'm quiet How'd you hop in this platinum And you ain't even near gold Cause I'm still spendin' money That's 24 years old! 88 [x15] (And I'm still spending money from 88!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sky Balla f/ Juelz Santana Album: Mobb Report Song: Real Talk Typed by: alebronx92@gmail.com [Sky Balla] Red set, blue set, mac 10s a few tecs My killas on the payroll will leave your whole crew wet You been in the house nigga you ain't paid dues yet I been in the streets nigga you ain't heard the news yet Before I hit the grind I make fo sure I got my shit tight My vest fit right, 4 fifth it'd spit right Niggaz I'm number one I can't settle for less Hands down I'm the hottest young thug on the West Niggaz sayin' I'm the balla back when his name was scurs When they used to push caine on the curb, before the birds We used to hustle together, this that and the third But we ain't never broke bread together cause youse a nerd I move things cross the border So playboy hurry up and place your order (nigga) I teach you how to get rich Flip bricks and get chips Holla at the kid nigga if you need a quick fix I turn a G into a key, man I mean real fast Before I had a deal I already had a mill stashed Street life I keep ice on my wrist playa If you tryna score big well here's an assist playa [Hook] We young balla ballas Young hustla hustlas We bout them dollas bitch We don't fuck with bustas, suckers We got big rings, big thangs, big chains We hustle hard in the streets and move big caine Cross game, wrist put your wig man Cause we ain't afraid to die and do a bid man Feel more the Harlem we ballin you underdig man This is real talk and that's what it is man [Juelz Santana] I heard niggaz tryna shit on me And make history, never woulda happen Forever I'm gat clappin I grabbed the Beretta or black Magnum Asked what's the problem and dead 'em in that fashion Am I waiting? Hell no Am I playing? Hell no Does this here look like the David Chappelle show? My 12 load clip shells gon spit I take off your head quicker than a velcro strip Old school, see how my shell toes fit? Dip places, big faces, sell all hit (call me) And I'm quick with the led You think my bullets had krazy glue The way them shits stick to your head (nigga) If you ain't getting my bread If you ain't getting my spread You'll be dead where the pigeons get fed (punk) [Hook] We young balla ballas Young hustla hustlas We bout them dollas bitch We don't fuck with bustas, suckers We got big rings, big thangs, big chains We hustle hard in the streets and move big caine Cross game, wrist put your wig man Cause we ain't afraid to die and do a bid man Feel more the Harlem we ballin you underdig man This is real talk and that's what it is man [Sky Balla] While you been sleeping on the kid like a craftmatic I was in the streets not thinkin bout rap, serving them crack addicts I got a black gadget, that'll make a nigga disappear quick You would think I knew black magic And when it comes to hoes, I don't have to pay I'm on my Oakland Raider shit in all black and gray Yeah I'm bringin back The Bay, but before I do that I gotta OT and bring back the shay You couldn't see me playa, on my worst day And the last time you seen some cake, was on your birthday You old niggaz mad cause I'm young and I'm paid The only smoke of dime a day, I'm blowing tons of that haze And I'm doing the same thing, that got Pac and Biggie rich I was born ready to die, on that Biggie shit Trying to keep up with me, you'll be running for days And the only bird you got, is that one in the cage Nigga I'll show you how to cook a O And that main bitch you keep calling wifey, I call her a hooker ho I'm like Rick James Yeah I'm rich bitch, so after I'm done with you Yeah my whole clique hits Achoo, I got the flu man I spit sick And if I didn't, I still know how to flip bricks I turn a gram into a million I'm still grinding on my block Even though this camera's on the building So bust me how you cent for I'm in the hood with two big 9s on me like the 99 cent store, nigga [Sky Balla talking] True story, real talk, Sky Balla, Juelz Santana, bitch! [Hook] We young balla ballas Young hustla hustlas We bout them dollas bitch We don't fuck with bustas, suckers We got big rings, big thangs, big chains We hustle hard in the streets and move big caine Cross game, wrist put your wig man Cause we ain't afraid to die and do a bid man Feel more the Harlem we ballin you underdig man This is real talk and that's what it is man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ The L.O.X. Album: Slaughterhouse EP Song: Put Some Money On It (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Grind Music bitch! [Sheek Louch] Aiyyo Joell, I'm on this son {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, Don Corlito flyin out a Tito The further I get the ground look more mosquito Dutch burnin, other hand big Mojito I don't mean Dorito when I say {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, you ain't really all around all that stuff The coke, the crack, the guns, heard 'bout enough They said, "Yo Donny, you gon' really sign with Puff?" I said I'll live too long as Diddy {"Put some money on it"} What? I'm the L.O.X. Jeter Tattooed up in a white wife-beater Aston Vanquish parked at the meter I forgot to feed her, better go {"Put some money on it"} Yeah, now they all love the Don G I'm on BET more than "Leprechaun 3" They say I'm on fire, it don't hurt when I pee I don't layaway, only y'all {"Put some money on it"} [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, yaowa! Put your guap up hot stuff, you not tough Let's play a game of Trouble and when I pop up It's with the glock tucked, crotched up in a dropped up low like you know how this go {"Put some money on it"} I'm a product of the corner Cornered the market with the product I would offer, slaughtered the garbage Slide a condom on your daughter on the floor in the projects Homeboy I make more than a promise {"Put some money on it"} I know the amount of hate that my worth sparks But I ain't goin nowhere like a birthmark I pound puppies before they get to they first bark Anybody wanna get they first spark? {"Put some money on it"} Hey, what's the matter? Cat got your tongue? Your words so feint they collapsed in your lungs Put some bass in your voice like you snacked on a drum Watch my fist make a track on your gums {"Put some money on it"} [Jadakiss] AH-HAH! Never been wack so that ain't one of my issues Get my bread and take care of my pistols Soon as I open a brick you can see the crystals Soon as the piff come in you can {"Put some money on it"} Trust me it's imported, shoot it or snort it Oxy's, {?}, profit is gorgeous Stay off the phone cause the calls are recorded And if you can afford it then you better {"Put some money on it"} Tryin to be a diamond in the game I been one Killin niggaz with the flow, H1N1 You can get a buck-fifty quick, a thin one Before rap I had a drug dealer's income {"Put some money on it"} Master Jason God on the rocks with a splash of Satan Stash right here with the ratchet waitin, since you hatin Name the place and the date and {"Put some money on it"} [Styles P] Never trust niggaz no further than I can throw 'em Long with the razor and the doctor can't sew 'em Said I as the hardest out, now I gotta show 'em Cocksucker doubted me, I owe 'em {"Put some money on it"} You could be that dude in cement shoes or the next soft nigga on this evening's news Rap beef, street beef, breeze through crews Freeze, handguns, machine guns {"Put some money on it"} I don't even need guns, play me like I'm poppa shit End up with a hawk in your esophagus Hardest nigga to walk in the metropolis Genocide mixed with apocalypse {"Put some money on it"} Kill niggaz real easy dawg Ghost in the flesh, fuck a Ouija Board Droptop Beamer with the BB's on Gun in your face, and I ain't shootin BB's dawg {"Put some money on it"} [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUUUUSE! [Royce Da 5'9"] Slaughter gon' be runnin you over over a century You ain't one of The Lox, you don't flow nowhere near me You ain't Tip, Ali Shaheed, Phife Nigga you probably +The Low End Theory+ {"Put some money on it"} You still doin shows for fifty seats Still writin rhymes 'bout LeBron that's with the Heat Still writin raps 'bout Kat and Chippy D My next freestyle I'ma blast through WikiLeaks {"Put some money on it"} Maserati ridin with that Mary on It's a black and white thang, call that chick Arione Talkin all that shit you a fuckin fag I do you like a Louis duffle bag, at the airport {"Put some money on it"} Bitch, a carry on, my head growin Gettin my Barry on, lead throwin With necessary while you puttin on a show for them hoes Gettin your Tyler Perry on, c'mon {"Put some money on it"} Uh, my mic manners is quite mannish I got these young bitches tongue flippin just like Spanish You gotta feed her just to hit it, that don't count to me I take her, fill her tummy up, I don't mean out to eat Nickel! {"Put some money on it"} [Crooked I] Floor seats at the Knick game, I'm traffickin weed I'm at The Garden in The Apple like Adam and Eve And my gat'll put your hat on your sleeve Now you really ahead of your time, I'm out of your league {"Put some money on it"} See I get dough and cop the Benz-o My job credentials is confidential It's not pretend so everything is autobiographical Weight of the world on my shoulder, the planet on my clavicle {"Put some money on it"} But it don't matter though cause I'ma go get it Life's a bitch and then you get thrown in it That's why I get +Cash Money+ like it's +No Limit+ This material shit, I'm so wit it, get it? {"Put some money on it"} This is for you rap stars feelin y'all clever I'm the penitentiary's sick ward, illest bars ever I ball in the paint hard It's like I'm acceptin bank cards the way that I take charge {"Put some money on it"} [Joe Budden] Low tints on the CL, gray coupe Only out of the cage when all hell breaks loose Focus pimpin, all my shooters veered off the road to redemption So it's no exemptions {"Put some money on it"} When Joe is mentioned, the flow is pinchin Got me in a mansion with a gopher, Benson If you said you rap you better than that What we'll do is treat your head like a tab {"Put some money on it"} The outfit is fresh, foam {?} is cobwebs She don't look like a model then I probably wouldn't pop her Dudes is my son, should be callin me poppa I won't acknowledge it, treatin me like a Focker! {"Put some money on it"} Hip-Hop ain't dead, I been puttin the pulse in from long ago (since) I mean back when Tracey Ullman had her own show (uhh) Want fire? Put Mouse on it If I'm a liar go ahead {"Put some money on it"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim f/ Freeway, Jadakiss Album: So Fly (Remix) 12" Song: So Fly (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Jadakiss] HA-HAH!!!!!1 Slim!!! [Verse 1: Jadakiss] Yo! Shorty somethin special, you already know that Nice round hips, plus she got a throwback I just wanna let her get acquainted with my bozack After that anything she want she could hold that I'm a get it in, but I'm a get it out quick Million dollar whips hundred thousand dollar outfit Tell me really what would the game be without Kiss? On some G shit, this the remix [Verse 2: Slim] Just stepped out, fresh out the shower Gotta stay fresh, take about an hour Gotta get dressed, your boy so clean Both of them on, I got the blue jeans Fresh pair of shades, ice on my wrist Socks to the draws, your boy stay fit I'm ready (I'm ready) Can't nobody tell me nothin [Chorus: Slim] I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off I'm so fly [Verse 3: Slim] Stop by Q's, pick my toy Top drop down let the haters hear the noise Hit that pad and turn that wheel Push that rim make it all disappear Phone is ringin hit the bluetooth Call me on the phone like hey what it do? I'm comin (I'm comin) And we gonna take this over [Chorus: Slim] I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off I'm so fly [Bridge: Slim]. As were headin to the club, everybody know what's up Through the door, V.I.P. All the ladies go with me Order drinks, come on in, everybody it's on me Showin love, can't nobody tell me nothin I'm so fly [Verse 4: Freeway] Philly Freezer way flyer than them other boys yes! Fly private take you higher than the Concord jet Non violent but the pilot know them choppers on deck Player only go retire to the island of your, choice My swag and my voice makin them moist And I been runnin around her mine all day it's time to rest Hi Haters!!! Maino addressed them best When your back we on the hammock cause I'm taster's choice It's the east coast remix stuntin on them people We get it in the boy Slim, me, Kiss Your now rockin with them ROC Boys D Boys Matter fact bout to take you back, peep this My drop top's in the parkin lot And I wanna get you back to the spot Time to roll with the frontline of the ROC Janet Jackson with this rappin cause I'm back in control, let's go!!! [Chorus: Slim] I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off I'm so fly (I'm so fly) Feels like I'm takin off I'm so high (I'm so high) Lookin for a shorty to break me off [Outro: Slim] I'm so fly, feels like I'm takin off I'm so high Lookin for a shorty to break me off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Spade (Dutch and Spade) f/ Styles Album: Independance Day EP Song: Bout My Business Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com [Spade] Uh, MF Plain to see, its the Spade from the P-H Can't change me, cause I'ma be a Figga for life Holdin it down Plain to see, can't change me Cause I'ma be a Figga for life From now until [Spade - Verse 1] I'm the rubberband man, Spade bounce back from the bottom Yo they feelin Philly sound now we got 'em I'm the modern day JFK before Oswald shot him You want many styles yo I got 'em You niggas want rocks on the wrist man I done done that Glocks on the hip man I done done that At the bar poppin Cris I done done that Dudes wanna pop shit, till they hear them guns clap Spade from the P-H, now who the fuck want that Slash the O, dude with the nasty flow And I ain't thinkin bout y'all I want my cash to grow First in but the last to go You bastards know The kid Spade-O, I'm hear for the dough-ration And if you say that I ain't hot, than y'all hatin I know alot of cats think of testin me now Want the fame? Say my name like your Destiny's Child And I'ma give you everything from the twenty-two long Eleven deep, but with guns we like twenty-two strong Lil Ruck said Spade if they want it, its on I wanna murder after each and every one of your songs [Chorus - Spade] Now y'all dudes say what you want I'm bout my business Want me to cock it and dump I'm bout my business Why y'all tryin to front I'm bout my business I'm Source rhyme of the month I'm bout my business You dudes say what you want I'm bout my business Want me to cock it and dump I'm bout my business How y'all tryin to front I'm bout my business I'm Source rhyme of the month I'm bout my business [Spade - Verse 2] Man I'm Rakim dated fool And I'm L rockin bells And I'm Nas Illmatic You guys, still average We bust matics, for the lust of the cabbage Its beef? Take the heat to Atlanta like Greg Maddux and get splattered, all over the face of the platinum presidential, no gold in the place To my thugs down south to put the gold in they face To you hoes I'ma blow and put the dough in ya face Picture me rollin the safe, all down the ave and No more walkin, strengthenin my calves And my thugs stay hustlin with intentions to stash Large denominations of cash We ain't just playin the game, we dominatin your ass An intimidatin head of the class Word up, I'm bad at body work but it be the head when I blast You wanna battle or some lead in your ass I'm bout my business [Styles - Verse 3] Every rapper wanna say they real, fuck em! Fuck around and get your lady killed Might get your baby killed I'm Mister Mortician Hoppin out the hooptie with hoodie on Four four four fifth'n And all you gonna see is mass hoes And get hit with these slugs from your throat to your ass holes And you'll be lucky to live And you'll be lucky if I don't spaz out and try to fuck with your kids Kill your family and friends, mother fucka So you can understand what sufferin is I live my life on the street thats what hustlin is And you can't name a rapper that can fuck with me kid You should stop beefin with each other, be smart Everybody join sides and come and beef with me So I can rock niggas asleep, ten at a time Show my hood mother fuckas whats the meaning of deep [Spade:] MF, Untertainment (I'm bout my business) Nicetown, we still in here (I'm bout my business) North Phil, paper chases (I'm bout my business) Ruff Nation, y'all know (I'm bout my business) Major Figgas (I'm bout my business) Interscope (I'm bout my business) Big Face Entertainment (I'm bout my business) My mans on the hands (I'm bout my business) West Phil, South Phil [Styles (Spade):] (to fade) Better get some mother fuckin busniess to be about And don't be in mines (y'all know the Figga run down) Bitch! (I ain't got to run it down, what y'all know) See me if you want I'm available ALL the time (I'm bout my business) L-O-X! Spade-O! Figgas for life! Gangstas for life! Ryders for life! Ruff Ryde nigga!  Bitch, slightly aggrivated, frustrated The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Jadakiss, M.O.P. Album: Stick 2 the Script Song: For the City Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Sample of Dr. Dre from "Straight Outta Compton"] You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge [Chorus - Sample from "New Jack City"] Livin just another Livin just for the city Livin, livin, livin, just another Livin, livin, livin, just for the city [M.O.P. - talking behind Chorus] (Jadakiss) Ba-bap, ba-bap, ba Showoff, Showoff, Showoff, Showoff Statik Selektah (Uh huh), yeah, M.O.P. Yeah, Showoff Yo, who that? [Verse 1 - Lil' Fame] Fame, bitch out on the East coast, I'm (ultra), the flow is mad get us And y'all prosthetic Don't sleep 'cause I'm jumbo ho, I got a hook like medics You get your ass wit-up, wit-up, wit-wit-up The fuck up, like J. Lo and Ben Affleck-etic And I ain't athletic (uh uh) I bring it to your front door like FedEx Drop two shots off (pep, pep) Too many killers in the house, take a day off Everybody's a baller, what the fuck is it, the playoffs? Naw nigga (uh uh), this is "New Jack City" (YEAH) Gritty (YEAH), grimey (YEAH), fo real-y (YEAH) It's Fizzy, (Fizzy, Fizzy) You know there's killers in the house (LIE DOWN!), I got Brooklyn with  me So chill, or they gon' put your house on chilly That's how the homies get down, you feel me? 'Cause we just [Jadakiss - talking behind Chorus] (Lil' Fame) (Yeah!) (OH!) A haha Yeah Okay Uh Haha! Uh, yeah, yo [Verse 2 - Jadakiss] Bullets, gun smoke and cocaine residue Leave me the fuck alone, that's what you better do Funerals stay on schedule And I don't even care about the charges, if they ain't federal Get a call home, somethin happen Big chrome clappin, way before ring tone rappin Left homes with half his dome in a napkin For sayin "what's poppin?", when he asked 'em "what's crackin?" The O.G.'s is gettin money and relaxin Some niggaz front and some is lookin for action But it's not the season, can't stop the heathen Wearin all of this tight shit to stop the bleedin Violate me, when you die, we even When this rap well run dry, we thievin Livin rich or livin poor Still be livin raw as long as you know what I'm livin for, what? [Billy Danze - talking behind Chorus] Yeah Yeah Right, right, right (right, right, right) Gates (Gates) This how it's goin down Statik Selektah, what up? [Verse 3 - Billy Danze] You see me ease through the town homie, with two hands full of (GET  BACK!) Them niggaz spit raps, my niggaz split racks You overdue with your (GANGSTA!), when you hit tracks Playin another nigga's hand, 'cause your shit whack And if that Henny got you lookin at me wet Like I'm a ho ass nigga, who never did it for my set Double up the plate in your vest Or fuck around and get your spine bone blown through your chest Think of a low class nigga who's not gettin checks With a military gun connect and no respect That A.D.D. can only see above your neck He (M.O.P.), real niggaz hold the deck And his name is embedded in the streets you fear The projects is the boardroom (gangsta), I'm here Yeah, y'all niggaz confuse it with music Your boy Bill'll lose it, the truth is (come on), homie is [Outro - scratches] "Statik Selektah" "M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M.O.P." "J-A-D-A, 'Kiss" "For the-the-the-the-the city" (the city ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Bun B, Hit-Boy, Styles P Album: Extended Play Song: Funeral Season Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Styles P] (Statik Selektah) Statik whattup?! Ghost! D-Block (Statik Selektah!) [Verse One: Styles P] Stone cold shooter, let the heater blow Gun that a just main Twitter, follow the leader though Up in the hood, homie askin I got my nina on Adjusted his eyes on some niggas that he needed gone It's like that regular life ain't normal If you die to shine the ice ain't for you If the sky fall then the skype can't warn you Like when you hear it crack the dice don't warn you Lightin up weed, pour that sour In the streets in the mix like Kool Aid powder Ride on them niggas show 'em you ain't coward Yeah you got family but you ain't ours Get popped up, oxed up or boxed up Thins it's a joke then bitch nigga then hop up 'Cause I'm Ghost and I'm still O.G. This time I'm with Statik and the trill O.G.  Whattup?! [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" [Verse Two: Bun B] I walk the cold streets of the city with big heaters Ready for cats there's no one up they dick beaters Yeah it's big B the trill O.G. walkin So keep your mouth shut when the OG talkin If I want your opinion then nigga I'll beat it out of you I'm bred for the gutters bitch I'm doin what I gotta do And that's got alot to do with where I was raised Original land of the trill where they roamin with k's On the ground with the gauge and they lurkin with ninas Doin dirt to get paid committin more than misdemeanors What's the wildest shit you seen a nigga do in his life? Is the average shit, that's goin on here every night And you can go to P.A. to the beam out in Yonkers The young niggas wildin in the streets goin bonkers Best thing I could do right now is pray for you I pass Pineiro the pistol nigga to lay on you, hold up [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" [Verse Three: Hit-Boy] For every nigga that say he proud of me, it's a nigga out for me Feelin like Martin Luther I'm standin out on the balcony Niggas used to be close but I cut 'em off call 'em amputees Niggas was in the van with me, only niggas advance with me Bitches ain't wanna fuck now they on they knees for a chance with me If you knew what that bass meant this is my fuckin rhapsody Feel like I'm on +Rap City+ killin it with my faculty High off the ground I swear I'm defyin gravity An IE youngin but when I grow up I'm a buy me somethin I always knew it like the psyche bluffin Miss Cleo of the hustle I swear I could see the future We got bigger guns than dreams little niggas'll shoot ya For no reason other than colors he looked up to his brother Now we layin beside him too many tears for a mother Too many story of hunger but fuck your informercial I be out here in the streets tryin to teach my niggas to come up Word! [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Styles P, Termanology, Q-Tip Album: Spell My Name Right (The Album) Song: Stop, Look, Listen Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Styles P - talking] (*echo*) Yeah, SP, Ghost Phantom Statik Selektah Stop, look and listen boys [Verse 1 - Styles P] What's the real deal? Hoodied up with the ill grill Gettin mad high, watching "Kill Bill" (yeah) You know both parts (both) I'm from a hood where they put you in a bodybag to say they got the  most heart I stay composed like Mozart Straight music, we could bump and thump just like a go-kart Stop, look and listen (stop), pause, watch and stare Guns in the Sean John, G-Unit, Rocawear Yeah they in high school (they young) but they Crips or they Pirus Fly through soft and they dry you I seen mad drama, is it bad karma? (is it?) I don't know though, stay movin in slow mo' (move) Stressful days, so a nigga blew a whole O (blow) Fall down, get 'em swingin like Kodo (yeah) Play my position And I ain't MC Lyte but I know how to +Stop, Look and Listen+ [Chorus - Scratched Samples] - w/ ad libs "Stop, look, listen" "Now pay attention" ("Stop, stop, look and listen") "Stop, take a look, listen" "Pay attention" ("Stop, stop, look and listen") "Stop, look, listen" "Pay attention" ("Stop, stop, look and listen") "Stop, take a look, listen" ("Stop, look and listen") [Termanology - talking over Chorus] Stop, look and listen Naw I mean? Haha Classic shit baby [Verse 2 - Termanology] Aiyyo, if cats would of told me I'd be on a track With Q-Tip and Styles P, just a couple years back When, I ain't have jack and I was still jackin I would of reacted like "nah" But, see how life turns around fucker I got my all black beads and my white Chuckers I don't coincide with them boys throwin signs 'Cause it leads to four to nines or it lead to homicide Remember Nas said "Muslims say free the mind" Nowadays rap music like "blind lead the blind" Everybody wanna pop, everybody wanna bang If you ain't built like that, then stay in your lane Everybody wanna thug, they don't wanna stop, look and listen 'Til they get locked in the prison And ain't no soft shit here, my whole family bang But I ain't tryin to leave y'all in the rain, you gotta [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Q-Tip] These dudes are like toddlers, who cry and whine regardless Of all the toys they've acquired since they've been artists Now, stop, look and listen, this is your Pop's edition So I'd advise you be wise and take in this rendition Now stop the episode, before you get exposed And all of those you turned on, will still turn up they nose Stop bein self-centered, look outside yourself for once Look with a humble eye, don't look like a fuckin dunce You're not the shit because your music, people listen to it You're like a Mack truck playin chicken with a Buick A bad car crash, you're rubberneckin on the road They stop and they look just to see if you explode I hope you're listenin, 'cause this is rightful shit to hear I hear my own advice, don't worry, it's inside my ear And as you listen to the end of the shit I spit Statik Selektah's on the beat, it's ya nigga Tip [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Styles P] SP, hol-holdin D-Block down [Termanology] Who you know nicer than Term'? Termanology (Q-Tip) (The People's Choice) [Termanology] Yeah, Statik on the beat (Statik Selektah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Styles P, Talib Kweli Album: 100 Proof: The Hangover Song: The Thrill Is Gone Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Man hit the jack, I can't knock that And it's a culture, you can't forget about that [Verse 1 - Styles P] Too many vultures in it (too many) I think Nas said [hip hop is dead] 'cause he couldn't see the culture in it Too many funny clothes (too much), too many Auto-Tunes (haha) Too many gangsters, when they made the Auto Goon (when they made those) Listen boy you should play your role Like rap don't need a brand new De La Soul Pay homage to any MC who paved our road Or the big Mercedes Benz boy won't get drove I say that 'cause, I be where the monsters at I'm like God damn, they even screwed up conscious rap (God dammit) I think rap need a new P.E. to +Fight The Power+ and be free (Fight The Power) And try to bring the light like GE (GE) I think we deaf, dumb and we blind and for the ten hundredth time Who give a damn about our swag and our grind? (who give a damn?) Why don't you rhyme about a thought that you had on your mind You an MC, let me see, how you really design, ya know? [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it, let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Right?" "Right?" [Talib Kweli - talking over Chorus] Oh yeah, the thrill is gone It's been long gone [Verse 2 - Talib Kweli] At once, get from positive to negative I'm hyper and I'm calm as a sedative (ah) The artist, the executive At once, the son and the father, the comedy and the drama The fun and the karma, the shame and the honor The skin under the armor, the bullet that pierce the flesh The love of life, the fear of death How it flash before your eyes, when a knife is near your chest We the best, we the worst, the club or the church The soap or the dirt, the murder, the birth At once (yeah), the idle worship sittin in the seaport (uh) Waitin for a war that ain't ever gon' be fought (no) The correspondents coverin this attack on free thought (oh) Quiet style Pee Wee got it covered like three fourths Time to wake up, Teddy P. said it best when he was in the Blue Notes I'm the extension of my memories Hip-hop is in my heart, I keep it closer than my enemies I bet you they remember me, word [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "Right?" "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it go, go, let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Right?" [Verse 3 - Styles P] I think all you need's a beat and a hook (that all) I need entertainment now, light a blunt and go and read me a book Why don't you make a dance song? That'll get you a look BET, MTV, that'll get ya some push Give it a month or two homie, you'll be hittin the roof The hip, hop heads mad but I'm spittin the truth (it's the truth) It's the computer age now, better get with the youth (gotta get with 'em) Don't nobody give a damn of what you spit in the booth Better make your ringtone, keep your bling on Sing anything and try to get your sing on Me I'm just laughin, rollin, rollin While I'm rollin in a Caddy that's golden No I ain't a pimp or guerrilla pimp (uh uh) I'm just a poet that all the killers with For spittin that realer shit (realer shit) If we were y'all MC's, most of y'all illegit ("Right?"), Statik Selektah [Chorus - Scratched Notorious B.I.G. Samples] "The thrill is gone" "The shit is pathetic" "Please forget it" "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "The thrill is gone" ("Let it go") "Your style is played out" "The thrill is gone" "Ri-Ri-Right?" "Prepare for this rap killin" "Right?" "Right" - scratched until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Jadakiss, Ron Isley Album: Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories Song: Big Business Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com [Intro: Ron Isley, Swizz Beatz, Jadakiss] [Ron Isley] Swizz Beatz [Swizz Beatz] Yes sir [Ron Isley] Show them what they dealing with [Swizz Beatz] Come on [Ron Isley] Oooh! [Jadakiss] Uh [Ron Isley] Oh yeah! [Jadakiss] Ha ha ha ha ha! [Ron Isley] Ah yeah! [Chorus: Ron Isley] + (*Jadakiss*) - (Repeat 2X) Hey lady (*uh*), can I get a witness? La la la la la la!, tell them what they dealing with (*tell them*) Throw your hands in the air (big business) Throw your hands in the air, yeah yeah (*yeeah yeeah*) Hey fellows (*what up?*), tell them what they dealing with (*tell them*) Uh (*uh huh*), big house (*yeeah*), big boats (*yeeah yeeah*), big cars (*uh huh*) Superstar (*woo!*), hey lady (*come on now*), can I get a witness? [Verse 1: Jadakiss] Fuck the six and the seven, I'm a put big dubs on a grey eight Hold ya wrists when you squeeze, the slugs'll stay sraightened Can I get a witness (yeeah), Swizz Beatz "The Monster", Kiss, Mr. Biggs (huh) It's big business (uh) Nigga, this is our show Twenty two master bedrooms in the crib, the garage like the car show Not only am I real, I think (uh huh) But I still jab a nigga with the left and won't spill my drink (take that) The Courvoisier got me clashes Honey all over me like ashes, blowing that green molasses (uh) And dealing with D-Block (yeeah) and Full Surface And ain't no payment plans, it's full purpose [Chorus: Ron Isley] + (Jadakiss) [Verse 2: Jadakiss] A yo, I'm dealing with this mami from Quebec When she fly in, I pull a boat out and we go scummy on the deck Shooting at the stars, Tommy and the Tek (come on) Soon as the Dutch finish, you can find me on the neck (yeeah) No foreplay (uh uh), busting a pound raise me Middle of the ocean, busting her down crazy You know me, I ain't on no star shit, I just came to hurt the market (who else) Then squirt the Larkin (yeeah) Put your hands up, matter of fact, put your man up Put your medina's and your lambs up, your (uh) grams up Talking about bucking each other, probably fucking each other D-Block dawg, we stuck with each other [Chorus: Ron Isley] + (Jadakiss) [Verse 3: Jadakiss] A yo, Full Surface, Swizz Beatz is in front of him (uh) Got a lot of problems but money ain't one of them (uh uh) V12's and up, that's our ammo Tell me what you know about a jet (huh) ski limo (uh) Waterproof knock (uh) in it, ain't no stoppin (yeeah) it Automatic respect whenever D-Block's in it Or we can take it to the avenue too and bring the Porsche GT out, lavender blue (uh) Shit change, Kiss came and it's all extortion Everybody eat except for smaller portions For real though, behave yourself on some grown shit It ain't enough room dawg, I'm on my own hit [Chorus: Ron Isley] + (Jadakiss) - (Repeat 2X) [Outro: Ron Isley, Jadakiss] [Ron Isley] Big business, Jadakiss [Jadakiss] Uh [Ron Isley] Oh, why don't you rap to them one time! [Ron Isley] Show them who they dealing with [Ron Isley] Big business, business! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Baby, Cassidy, Jadakiss, P. Diddy, Snoop Dogg   + Ronald Isley Album: Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories Song: Big Business Part 2 (Bigger Business) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: P.Diddy](2x)  Ladies and gentlemen (ladies and gentlemen) As we proceed, to give you what you need Swizz Beatz (get money) Swizz Beatz (make money) Swizz Beatz (get money) [Ron Isley] {*over intro second time*} Hey ladies, can I get a witness? Throw your hands in the air Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!) [Verse: Baby] See I go to Las Vegas and I ball like a dog Me and my brother CD hog up the mall Mami so fly and I matched her car Matchin' mink with the matchin' dog We flew G4 so you know how we ball We came twenty inches, just me and my dogs Me, Puff, and Kiss, the Swizz-a-sweet boys The birdman daddy I fly in any car It's the Birdlady baby and she Burberry Burberry So so fly her diamonds are all karats Earring rock her life so fly She love twenty inches with the wide deep tires [Chorus] {*P.Diddy in background*}       [Isley:] Hey ladies, can I get a witness?      Lah da da da da-da          Tell 'em what they dealin with        Throw your hands in the air     Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!)    Hey fellas, tell 'em what they dealin with     Big house (throw your hands in the air) big boats     Big cars (throw your hands in the air) superstars [Verse: Jadakiss] I'm from a town where it go down at Couple dudes is real but for the most part they low down rats And I don't know about the ghetto they hearin' I'm in the musty yellow McClaren You can't even tell how I'm steering It's too exotic, niggas act different kinda' funny I guess it's cause I'm dealin' wit a different kind of money And I don't wanna drive it if it cost under 2 cent And even though I hate they force me to get the new Bent Assholes, my passport is like castrolls Y'all niggas still tryin' to pass go You know I throw darts like a bow and a arrow Remember this, the business is big and so is the barrel, what [Verse: Cassidy] I got a large house, a dog house in my backyard And even my doghouse got a backyard Big cars, cigars and big biscuits The kid is doin' it big, it's "Big Business" My bosses in here, whores is in here The Murcielago doors in the air yeah! The dough I be grippin' it all up The 'dro I be getting I'm twistin' it all up The flows I be flippin' and switching 'em all up And the hoes I be hitting be lickin' it all up The new kid on the block, admit it it's hot Cause I'm great like the late Pun, Biggie, and 'Pac [Verse: Snoop Dogg] Fa' shizzle dizzle It's Big Snoopy D-O double Gizzle Wit my nephew Swizzle, you know it's off the hizzle I got to pop it for ya, knock it for ya, rock it for ya  Do it on the strip of love, you ain't got to call my lawyer Chop a sucka' down for ya like I'm Tom Sawyer Chip-chip away, Ruff Rydin' everyday See on the East Side we slide on a different page And get 100 thousand everytime we hit the stage Keep a gauge, just incase you wanna act up Cock back, and go back up - back up So stop trippin' off, your breezy  Look, I'm not Mr. Big but I'll let you down easy [Chorus] {*P.Diddy in background}       [Isley:] Hey ladies, can I get a witness?      Lah da da da da-da          Tell 'em what they dealin with        Throw your hands in the air     Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!)    Hey fellas, tell 'em what they dealin with  [Outro] {P.Diddy} Swizz Beatz - get money Swizz Beatz - make money {R.Isley} Hey ladies, can I get a witness?   Lah da da da da-da       Tell 'em what they dealin with     Throw your hands in the air  Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Jadakiss, Lil Wayne, R. Kelly Album: One Man Band Man Song: It's Me Bitches (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) Voulez vous coucher avec moi bitches!!! (Showtime!!!) [R. Kelly] (Swizz Beatz) Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) Re! re-remix! (It's showtime!!!) Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) Remix! (Grab your steerin wheel) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] (Swizz Beatz) (Chillin in my Beemer) Sittin in my Phantom (Listenin to Ether) Listenin to the anthem Weezy the badman, one man band man The girl with me cell phone she don't answer He's so sweet make her wanna lick the rapper (This is the remix!!!) So I let her lick the rapper She take care of me all my homeboys after Jumpoff!!! Jumpoff!!! The girl is a jumpoff!!! I let her snort a mountain and she just jumped off Jumpoff!!! Jumpoff!!! You know she a jumpoff Pull my dick out and watch her jump on jumpoff You make it so hard when it's all so basic Chevy grill lookin like a set of new braces Southside baby, we outside baby Smokin on the spinach like Popeye baby 'J'adore ah les femmes', yeah I love my riches 'bonjour' money and 'au revoir' bitches  'Geant ou petite', we do it the biggest and new nae rats mean we ain't snitches  Now can ya tell me how good my French is: "voulez-vous coucher avec moi bitches?" [Bridge: R. Kelly] (Swizz Beatz) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! (Ok, now time to bring the big boy out, Kells!!!) [Verse 2: R. Kelly] Hi hi nice to meet ya, it's Kells the freaker Mr. Bump N Grind Mr. song of the weeker R&B singer, Mr. defeater Sixteen years and still comin through your speaker Mr. Pied Piper bitch I'm on fire Don't trust me I'm a Billboard shyster I got Dreamgirls, what you 'gon do Got them chicks singin "And I am tellin you!" Up in the club, flossin like a don Album 'bout to drop so you bitches better run Makin them moan while havin sex to the song After sex, I beat my chest like I'm King Kong Ice so cleared out everybody move Haters on D, I'm 'bout to take these fools Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! Everytime I shoot a shot it's like SWIZZ!!! I'm in the buildin and I'm lookin for a BITCH Walk out the studio man it's a HIT Back in the studio and do the REMIX I'm in the Mark 5 with a bad CHICK Hop out five paparazzi goin CLICK Come on!!! [Bridge: Swizz Beatz] Hold up, wait a minute!!! (I'm back off vacation!!!) Hold up, wait a minute!!! (You know what I was doin!!!) [Verse 3: Swizz Beatz] Chillin in the Beeza, wit my mama mia She smokin on cohiba, on my sun seater For those of you who don't know that's just a yacht with a deck You talk about your cars, what you got up on ya neck I showed you my portfolio, straight disrespect The rims in, the spot they ask "you couldn't write a check?" noo! You better think about it, yeah you better think about it You betta hit the damn bar and get a drink up out it I'm straight loco, don't care bout no popo Only big weight, what you think I roll wit Joe for Wanna talk crazy, go and meet my fo fo Ra! ra! ra! ra! .. There go that popo J-jam in that Enzo! J-jam in that Spider J-jam in that G4, Bet you can't catch me though Double Z's on that whip, put the grease on her lips Took her to the mine come and threw the D on that bitch [Bridge: Swizz Beatz] Freeze... You know who it is.. It's me bitches! [Verse 4: Jadakiss] Takin' ova, the wait is ova We bringing it back like baking soda I don't stop squeezing till ya face is over I'll be on vacation till the case is over Bottles everywhere, club full of women Gucci sneaks, A good cuff on a denim A few birds to look out the free peaches You cock suckers know who it is, it's me bitches! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz ft/ Shyne, Styles (The LOX) Album: Swizz N 4 Beatz 12" Song: Swizz N 4 Beatz Typed by: cosmicent@hotmail.com [Swizz Beatz] Ruff Ryders, 1-2, 1-2 G.E.T.T.O. Stories, Swizz Beatz Makin' it happen Listen to what the fuck I got to say I'm from the hood I love the hood I rep the hood, lived in the hood Started on the grind, started with a 9 Motherfucker, I had to earn mine Nigga, a lot of niggas hatin', a lot of niggas watchin' A lot of niggas plottin', a lot of hearts stoppin' Uh, believe that, I'm bangin' with the beats I bang with the streets, I'm bangin' with the heat S - to the double - I - to the double - Z Niggas look at me - want no trouble B I'm just mindin' my business Makin' money, stackin' chips, just mindin' my business You can catch me in the 3-60 or, Odena, blowin' down the Pasadena The rebel appeal, go 'head, appeal, that bitch will squeal That's when that hoe's dyin', cause if I'm in court it's guaranteed I'm lyin' Fuckers, I had to get my business right Had to get my money right, had to get my label right You can hate all you want, I'm here forever Swizz Beatz part whatever, I'm here forever, bitch [Shyne] Swizz, Po Step out gangsta nigga Lay down What you know 'bout rollin' out? Big Tec, big vest, hollow tips all up in that kid neck Po live it up, yellow stones lit it up Long John Silver's tell, it's the kid, nigga what? Some of y'all rap niggas is girls Hold my dick, gappin' and flappin' Fuckin' cartoons These niggas guns don't go off until they say, "Lights, camera, action!" Yo Swizz, tell them niggas, "Eat a dick" Gun up in your face bitch, that way we don't miss Unload the shit, then reload the shit And straight to the airport and unload some bricks No lie, you niggas see me comin' down the streets You'd think I was flyin', 12 cylinders Brooklyn is mine nigga, move over Yeah I'm talkin' to you - fuckin' dick blower (Sung with female) For all of y'all keepin' y'all in health Just to see you wild and enjoy yourself Cause it's cool when you fuckin' with a nigga like me Cool when you ridin' with a nigga like me (Female Singing) To all my Marla Mable bitches just (shine) To all my niggas keep it gully just (shine) To all the ghettos in America (shine) I'ma keep it gangsta till I die nigga (shine) [Styles - The LOX] Ya really ain't beefin' Ya wanna talk to God? Then my 9 is the phone line to reach Him I thought about it hard and long And came up with the answer to myself that God is wrong Cause if y'all that the best you can do To fuck with Paniro, then after these bars, I'm gone I'm harder than a year in the box My head is to pop without a Ox on a murderous block And they never {EDITED} for years, what? Cause if it 44 cells, I feel like its hell Been 22 niggas goin' off of the tear Time Magazine, P should get the "Boss of the Year" Tinted Magazine, you could get the "Corpse of the Year" Bout to kidnap the rappers, knock out they eyes So nobody gotta watch when I floss of the year And if you heard P spittin', then it's all for the ears, what? Motherfucka The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Styles Album: The Beautiful Mix CD Song: Buck 'Em Down Freestyle Typed by: liquidswordsrjp@yahoo.com [Verse One: Styles] You should take the cross off your neck and pray to Jesus I'm breakin' every rapper up like eighty pieces I done sat in the cell and stared at the wall And I'm swearin' to God I air all y'all I live by the sword or the pistols Summertime I'm outside with niggaz with pitbulls I don't smoke the haze if it ain't got the crystals Look in my eyes you can tell I would lift you I'm in the DB nine when I'm comin' to get you I'm with my Arab man and he holdin' the missiles I'm sayin' fuck all y'all If you don't understand let me make it real clear I'm sayin' what to all y'all No more videos or them silly hos ridin' on y'all dick when I cut all y'all The game too pussy I think it need change I wanna see the barrel flame 'til they brains get mushy East Coast Ghost Ain't no other rapper in the game that you know that plays the streets so close Still bring pain Fire more shots than y'all motherfuckers do in that Max Payne game Anybody front I'm knockin' 'em out D blockin' 'em out That mean I'ma snatch his chain [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] Ain't nobody fuckin' with Kweli And the rock with a real name like a Styles P Represent the L.O.X Big up to all the massive rude boy on deck Niggaz yellin' out what the blood clot, lick enough shots Finna bust a flow like buckshot What's up Franklin Avenue? These Brooklyn niggaz runnin' wild through the jungle like caribou Rap immaculate I spit fire that will get tobacco lit faster than the rider on the chariot Old school and cooler than the river watered downstream Hit the block hotter than them grits poured in Al Green The cops flashin' the lights, passin' them bikes Ask for ya rights and they beat you like “The Passion Of Christ” They got a sicker fetish for violence than Mel Gibson We inject it in our system through direct television The way I'm spittin' Heaven through the Hell we living It's like fate is a fakery style you can tell it's written It's like a jail when you're sittin' in a cell or prison With destiny comin' in the form of some mail or a visit Yea opportunity's knockin' Like the beat, cuz I got Pete Rock and Beatminerz in my hemoglobin Premier Show and Diamond D Listen here we about to flip it on the track like nine to three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology & Lil' Fame f/ Busta Rhymes, Styles P Album: Fizzyology Song: Play Dirty Typed by: Gunta28 My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty, uh-uh My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty, uh Termanology, Fizzual, Ghost Styles P, Busta Rhymes [Termanology] It's the guard I'm focused, I'm one of the hardest flowers I open your heart with pokers and cover your car with roses I'm one of the last poets, to science and math knower's Combined with my clash flow, its a crime that I'm past over I roll with the hardest soldiers, stay low when the don approaches I cover your heart and roast it, and wait on your mamas sofa I shoot up your daughters stroller, I told you my heart is polar Unload a barrage of coker and cover up the largest boulders I'm from the law we known as the hood where they hardly sober The holster too carry, the toaster is always on the shoulder I'm out for the pot of gold, if you trip, leave body frozen And I zip up you mighty goons, in the river your body goes Don't make use the razor to show you my fruits of labor Not even your crew could save you, you get in the booth I slay you Kicked out a housing, for flipping and wilding And its the Puerto-rican kid with the guns that look Italian [Lil' Fame] Man hand me my motherfucking strap, fall back I'm bout to run up on these niggas like OG wax And get it popping with my weapon in palm I am the rawest footage you ever seen since the death of Saddam (come on) I still do it jumbo, still gun hold, my flows will take ya to the gun show Front row, ya I know, I should have been out. They asked me to slim down, tell them bitches kick rocks Big niggas is in now, marksmen regime and I'm down for the wig out Kids starve the fuck out, welcome to the rough house Yellow bust status since special ed had it made Start a mosh pit, stampede barricade Cut to you the saga, the saga of the ville Fuck niggas heads up like the barber of the ville Mo P to the death, still 7:30, and I keep my hands dirty, cause I play dirty nigga! I'm on that old paper chase till the day that I blow My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty Fizzyology, My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty I'm on that old paper chase till the day that I blow My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty, hands stay dirty Fizzyology, My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty, Ghost! [Styles P] Only time my gun show off is when my gun go off Fuck around and get your tongue blown off Get shot from point blank lil nigga the joint stank Kush and cookies in a big barrel you looking in it Room full of niggas, I figured you was the pussy in it I was dead right, this is lead life, raised on the block I was trained to shoot at your head right Handling left handed, 2 guns up, no one is left standing And I caught a back bullets like the next man'n Or true greeze, you motherfucker could you please Come off the money, in a jews or get your food freezed And ate later, I look forward to my 9s like and 8th grader Love is love, hate later Cause I'm busy doing ghost shit P butter I toast shit [Busta Rhymes] When I step in the building, niggas often display a behavior that's defensive I ain't interested in victims, I victimize the collective If you look from my perspective, and handling situations (brrrrat) Eliminate every type of retaliation, despite your imagination And in light of being funny I beat your bones broke with a bag of bricks full of money, what? Derek Lam mansions, many ferarri flavors With humans of property, on top of mountains as my neighbors Until the fruit basket rapping ass niggas do disappear I'm eating with reps from Microsoft negotiating shares On a private plane palace drinking Starbucks in the leer I'm on a private plane styling getting washed up in the rear By 2 twin Dominicans while the pilots rip up the throttle They fuss a little bit about who gon polish the nozzle Burial, I'm on my everything I wear black shit While I come too eat your food while my niggas came hear too clack shit! My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty, Fizzyology , My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty I'm on that old paper chase till the day that I blow My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty Fizzyology, My hands stay dirty cause I play dirty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology f/ Bun B, Freeway, Joell Ortiz, Saigon, Sheek Louch Album: If Heaven Was a Mile Away (A Tribute to J Dilla) Song: Say It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Sheek Louch] Yeah! (Yeah!) Say it muh'fucker I layed down laws, now beg muh'fucker (no doubt) I'm sittin outside with the BLUCKA-BLUCKA-BLUCKA If you want it {"C'mon"}, anybody just {"Say it"} Hey, Sheek Louch in this bitch (Oww!) Face all pretty ain't never need a stitch (uh-uh) Hold the gun steady, ain't no time to twitch (ha ha!) First time there, fucked all type of bitch -- ES (C'mere babe) Now I'm sittin in that thing (thang) Yankee hat low with all type of bling (BLING!) Bloods, Crips, the whole Latin Kings (B-B-BLAT) Fuck with me, thank you if y'all stuck with me (D-BLOCK!) Me and Term like Friday, we Big Perm (ha ha!) I mean Big Worm (Big Worm), spread big germs (big germs) A species, we ballin, now give us our ESPYs' (YEA!) Muh'fucker I said just {"Say it"} Yeah, that's where the 16s' stop Big Tech Nine loaded up with sixteen pop You ain't hip-hop cause you wear backpack (nah) You ain't underground cause you dance like that (nah) It's been driftin, but now it's comin right back (Yeah!) With Big Term, Sheek Louch, lesson is learned (Let's go!) Yeah, we need one more day, one more path One more pen to take niggaz away, I say {"Say it"} [Joell Ortiz] You say it, you did it, you didn't then they did it to you You couldn't wake up and hustle, you had to get approval (word) And become a big dog or stay a little poodle (arf!) Hatin like, "That's word to my mother, I knew that nigga boo-boo!" (Ha!) Take a look at this game y'all, this shit is doo-doo (look!) Niggaz say what they don't do (what else?), talk what they don't know It's a circus not a zoo, they say they walk where they don't go Ask about them in the hood, nobody knows who they are (who?) Cause all they did was play they window and study our way of life and write it on they paper nice (wow) So you could lie and say you played the script late at night But I know when I had to hit the ave, I used to take your bike You was always that lil' dude that the neighbors like Your face smooth, you ain't NEVER been in a razor fight So when you say what you did, make sure you say it right Cause I ain't gon' only break your jaw, I'ma break your mic [Termanology] I pledge allegiance to beatin the shit out of every beat And greeted immediately, me and Sheek and Joell Might as well be Rakim, Kane and LL I puff a L, then stuff a shell up in a ball {"Say it"} if you really want the hammer The cannon'll blow your grandma, make it hotter than Atlanta They call me Termy Montana the vandal that handle grammar Fuck a police scanner, I'm standin up on a gram and just {"Say it"} And we come through deep Bunch of crazy Puerto Ricans and we all got heat Give a fuck about a hater cause we all got beef I do songs with Bun B, Saigon and Free - for free! That says a lot for me I get respect from the rappers that you dyin to meet Monday's murder mass, Tuesday's out in Philly Wednesday's Port Author back to NYC, c'mon [Bun B] {"Say it"} to my face if you got the testes Don't try to test these, you better bounce like jet skis Cause we body beats and this one I'ma murder that It's UGK 4 Life {"C'mon"} I know you heard of that {"Say it"} like I murder rap, buddy I'ma body bars Leave lines leakin on loose leaf then prob'ly scarred I don't talk to fakes, I don't try to Polyguard They find you stankin in Frisco at the trolley yard Lord, have mercy, have grace Have the decency to get the fuck up outta my face I ain't down with the braggin, you're dumb so your convo's laggin And really {"C'mon"} you got the dragon We melt mics G, but not like that I'ma run and grab you some Colgate and be right back Now that's real, just keepin it trill  You wanna be the big will like J Dill {"C'mon"} Then motherfucker just {"Say it"} Fuck the radio, internet play it NahRight.com yo it's time to SK it Let the hood okay it, no way it could lose R.I.P. to my dude, Pimp and J Dilla too Two of the best that was keepin it true And if you miss 'em both like I do  Then let me hear you just {"Say it"} [Saigon] I mastered my zone, that's why I'm in a class of my own This was '93, I'd probably be blastin the chrome Y'all'll be sittin ya asses at home And you was a telephone thug, who only talk trash on the jones Now in the booth, you this bullet-proof certified murderer This had any truth, why nobody never heard of ya? You only known for rap nigga, bumpin your gum Nobody seen none of this crack, that you dumped in the slum, BUM Nobody seen you bustin your gun You wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight, (shit) your pussy lips too tight Man, I'll you 'bout a kid named Divine Live by the thirty-eight {"c'mon"} and die by the nine {"Say it"} What's it gon' take to make niggaz stop lyin in they rhyme? Is this what you gotta do to shine? Who give a fuck if radio say it's a hit? Real niggaz consider it miscellaneous shit Nah, we ain't the ones to play with (play with) we slay shit (slay shit) You wan' rhyme with the big boys then nigga just {"say it"} [Freeway] Who the only nigga that drop thirty-one songs  in a row and they all hot? (Yep!) Y'all niggaz drop songs and they all flop (uh) Killin me, I gun ya all down, thirty shots in a row (yeah) {"Say it"} Me and Term' spit fire burn, we'll burn Drop bombs like Vietnam, send you home missin arm Missin leg, I'm the plague, I'm a renegade Hundred-fifty boys come, hundred-fifty boys laid (yea) out, sprayed out with their brain out Nigga said he spittin fire, Freezer put the flame out Freezer needed money so Freezer put the 'caine out '09's mines, clear the lane out 'fore I drain out the 11th letter, that's the K for you stupid fools Make memorials out your hangout I am Destiny's Child, all you gotta do is +Say My Name+ out loud, fuck the crowd, pull the thang out - BLAOW! BLOAW! {"Say it"} Artist: Tony Touch f/ Jadakiss, Sheek Louch, Styles P Album: The Piece Maker 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: BARS Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-Ju-JuJu the Chairman Productions" <- Big Pun} {"Check it out, yo!" <- Pun} [Intro: Jadakiss] Uh huh! [Styles P]: Tony Toca whattup baby! D-Block reportin in yeah! [Verse One: Styles P] I don't know you or heard of you if you ain't do real shit (I don't know you!) You just snack food like cashews and trail mix Ride the six hundred benz yeah the champail six That's the outside inside's champagne I'm real numb I don't feel your man pain (I don't feel him!) I'm tryin to stick up, a hundred brick pickup Sittin in the pickup, cocked back one in the head of the blicker Stick you like a sticker I don't wanna meet you, know you or dap you Gun taped to the toilet, when I play the bathroom (Godfather!) Come with the good green and call me the vacuum Come with a problem nigga they call me to clap you Come with the money baby you know I'm a stack you (You know that!) Sound like a rhyme yeah but shit is all factual You fuckin with a family man Don't you ever cross the line where the family stand (Never!) Few shooters in the family van some in the hoop though Me I'm gettin money with honey up in the coupe though Flyin on the highway You get shot in my hood if you walk or talk sideways [Verse Two: Sheek Louch] It's no real rhyme or reason, every quarter every season My flow get hotter, pretty bitches twistin up my trees and (I'm hot, son!) I keep 'em on they knees, I do this with ease (let's go!) I get my shine/Shyne on and I ain't from Belize (Waddup Shyne?) I ain't runnin from the Ds', I ain't touchin no ki's Maybe couple guns here, couple lil' P's (that's all!) Sell it by the pound, get a couple lil' Gs' (yeah!) I'm a big dog, now get up off my nuts, you fleas (HA!) I still the razor in my mouth (let's bounce!) The hammer with the laser in the house, computer with no mouse (yeah!) Touch screen, every diamond on me cut clean (bling!) Chain swing, watch Bezel, pine tree green (OWWW!!) YUCK~! Sheek flow nastiest Let you fill up in the rest, you messin with the "_____" (fill it in!) I be all in the hood, homie and I don't wear a "_____" Who the fuck y'all niggaz tryin to impress? (Yeah!) Yes! [Verse Three: Jadakiss] AH-HAH! Yo Too much clothes, I'm runnin out of closet space (uh) Too much dough, runnin out of deposit space (uh-huh) Psycho 'Kiss, yeah I'm a closet case The hardest bars, used to have the hardest base (uh-huh) They don't worry me (nah) I'm on top 'til they bury me, this is that inmate therapy (C.O.!) Good price get you some nice work (uh) Stomp a nigga out with the Lou-B's, see if the spikes work (red bottoms) Ten thou' in the bank, see if the dice work (let's go) Kidnap a nigga just to see what his life worth (uh-huh) I be in the trenches (yeah) sales on the benches (what) Know you see the cuts on the diamonds, princess Young niggaz doin all this dumb shit, senseless (what!) Whole +Entourage+ full of Ari's and Vince's (ha ha) Play this, believe every word when I say this That boy Jada's, one of the greatest {*echoes*} Motherfucker~! {*echoes*} Artist: T-Pain f/ Styles P Album: Rapper Ternt Sanga Song: I'm High Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah man, I'll smoke wit'chu, y'knahmsayin? I'm sayin it ain't nuttin y'knahmsayin Ain't shit to me y'knahmsayin it's just like I don't be wantin to get high Cause that shit be lookin like it be havin niggaz y'knahmsayin? That right there, believe it all, ha ha ha, yeah y'all Nah man I, I mean, think it's gettin tired though, no joke f'real What you got on, you got a Swisher? Or, that's a Philly or what? Oh that's a Swisher okay I mean y'know Y'know niggaz rap about Swishers and shit they don't believe in at all, ha ha ha ha Cha-cha-cha-cha-cha-ch'all {*laughing fast*} y'knahmsayin? I hit it man, roll it and... oh you got one? Aight Let me hit that shit man [Styles P] You can knock, on my door but ain't, nobody home I might be there, but I'm gone cause I'm stuck off a zone I'm "Half Baked" like the guy on the couch, I don't get high I'm a grouch So I puff, on my line and be out I call my road dog, pick me up with weed, let's hit the road dawg You blew it with a hood rat, the fuck you break the code for? God damn I think that I'm high, too much haze But I, see my ghost pass within the blink of a eye And them ghetto niggaz, know how it feel I smoke more than a buildin on fire roll more than the wheel I get stuck like a car in the mud, and blow my greens out And call my nigga T-Pain to borrow some buds And then choke, 'til I think I'ma cry, or I think I'ma die Nah dawg, I just think that I'm high, shhh [T-Pain] See I ain't ever smoked befo' So I'ma take two hits and I'ma blowwww my mind away I never thought I'd be gettin high today-ay-hey-ayy Now it's on me again so I take another pull - hooooo! We in the Cadillac, floatin like the ocean Suddenly everything was movin in slow motion So I take another hit, and try to relax I'm beatin on my chest, CJ beatin on my back Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die But I got it, I got it, WHOA~! So I passed the blunt, it came right back to me But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me I don't think I'ma ever open my eyes My homeboy said why? And I said cause I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh Dawg I think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh Dawg I feel like I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh I really think that I'm high-iiiiiiigh-iiiiiiiiiigh [T-Pain] Shit, God damn DAMN~! Please stop by the sto' Cause my, mouth dry and I done ran out of Ho's Oh, them Little Debbies got me lickin my chops But I just, want a drink and Newport shorts in the box Maybe a Swisher Kaing or three, I seen fine behind that want to hang with me, long as I bring the weed I said cool, I'ma ride on through Thirty minutes later we was getting high in the room And then I, take another hit, and try to relax I'm beatin on my chest as God is beatin on my back Somebody help me I think I'm 'bout to die But I got it, don't touch me I got it, OHH~! I passed the blunt and it came right back to me But I know that this smoke is still runnin through me I don't think I'ma ever open my eyes My homegirl said why? And I said that [Chorus] - change last line to "I probably can't sing cause" [Outro] {*coughing and breathing hard*} Weavin y'all Oh I'm high as fuck dawg The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Styles P Album: Tha Truth Show Song: Hard 2 Smile Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com [Talking - Trae] You know I never did understand why they always told me to smile shit it ain't too much shit out here to smile fo' real talk - you know it's still Assholes By Nature, peep game [Verse 1 - Trae] I remember comin up labeled the lil'nigga watchin niggas fuck over they own, but see I kept it realer but bein real ain't always what niggas make it to be I never thought we'd make it and I'd have niggas hatin a G I got enough shit that I deal with on the day to day pennitentaries and life after death don't seem to go away even though I never know the outcome somethin say to pray, and try to do my best to understand he right around the way I got a call from Mr.Rogers just the other day - telling me he by my side I'm like what the fuck you talkin bout - until he told me Loinna died it fucked me up so much I couldn't even go the wait but if her family call I'm a make sure that they straight it's like this part of my life I live is damn near mastered the mo'people I love, the mo'they get took away faster sometimes I feel I talk to God alittle mo'then a pastor probably to live and make sure my son never become a basterd I never been the one to quit, I always been a leader but I feel this world is like a bitch and I know I don't need her if I knew it was this I'd never took the time to meet her so I feel the frown across my face, the only way to greet her in the process of bein'Trae, I missed out as a child probably because reality my style and they told my cousin death before he's thirty after checkin his file he damn near twenty - eight so how the fuck am I suppose to smile? [Talking - Styles P] I don't know my nigga, I ask myself the same shit everyday how the fuck am I suppose to smile? life's real over here, you know [Verse 2 - Styles P] Styles don't smile, the hood too foul the lil'niggas is wild, man lost trial hit e'm with some numbers he ain't even gon'chow he ain't even sleepin, he been thinkin 'bout his child it's real fucked up but he won't see him for awhile same bullshit tryna get you a money pile we all see the reefer, or the kill - doors locked I keep the tech with the air hose cocked now I don't wanna shoot or get shot, but Paniro's not gon'fuck with these fuck niggas I air those blocks it's real hard to sleep, when it's money on the mind murder on the mind, puffin on a dutch with a fist full of iron somebody's mom cryin, cause somebody's boy dyin it's the same ole shit, from the wait to the funeral same ole trip crack money, rap money the same ole grip ask Trae could I smile out in Texas, livin wreckless said the cops gon'get you and niggas'll leave you breathless shit I'm a winner, mo'like a sinner tryna make it to dinner - then live after breakfast [Talking - Styles P] You know, Trae - S.P. how the fuck are we suppose to smile? nigga answer me that and maybe I'll fuckin smile, you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae Tha Truth f/ Big K.R.I.T., B.o.B, Bun B, Gudda Gudda,    Jadakiss, J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Mark Morrison, Tyga  Album: I'm On 2.0 single Song: I'm On 2.0 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Mark Morrison] Return of the Mack  Return of the Mack Return of the Mack  You know that I'll be back (oww!) Return of the Mack (once again)  Return of the Mack (Pump up the world) Return of the Mack (Watch - my - flow)  You know that I'll be back  [Big K.R.I.T.] Today is the day, I get out on my feet Remove them chains, that's shackled on me Press my luck, stop fuckin with them hoes that cluck Cause the same motherfuckers the one that got me stuck Tryna use me up, 'til my tank on E Then leave me stranded, scramblin in these streets For a dollar a day, until my pockets is straight Soon as you move out the hood them niggaz holla ya fake Make 'em swallow the bass, from the kicker I'd rather be a dead man than a +N.I.G.G.E.R.+ I'd rather roll chrome rims than a swisha I gotta make moves, I cain't hang witcha They used to be the fly shit back in '95 But now I want a crib and a car I can drive And ain't nobody out there help me cause I'm grown Gotta leave them childish games alone Nigga I'm on [Trae Tha Truth] Chea! I'm in the hood, still prayin for a piece of plate I know he on his way, I'm hopin he don't make it late I'm up the bat, I just hope I make it to the plate I'm Babe Truth, you can tell 'em I'm one of the greats Used to shoot for the stars now my aim locked I'm Tha Truth nigga something that your name not A thousand watts ain't a thing that I cain't shock And ain't a wrist or a chain that I cain't rock Tell 'em I'm on, somethin like city lights I used to be out they sights, tinted like city nights Now a nigga be city to city on plenty flights You can tell 'em I put on for my city in plenty fights Tell 'em I ain't gon' lose, they heated like I'm a tan man 'Bout to throw ‘em in this drop with no ceilings so I can fan 'em Pull up on the mic (ah-HAAAAAH!), same color as the Phantom  And jump out on haters just to tell 'em I couldn't stand 'em [Jadakiss] Yeah, yeah I'm on top of my game yo  The OG Grand Daddy Kush, cocaine flow I'm about that +Cash+, not that +Tango+ Head shots, dump a whole clip in ya Kangol (yep) Claim to be a real nigga, we know you ain't though (naw) I be in the hood, all the places you cain't go (haha) Visuals, you can see the pictures I paint yo Residuals, I just put it all in the bank yo, it's pitiful Hoes only after your bankroll Stay off the phone, watch out for the plain clothes (Narcs') Yeah I rep my set, I ain't in the gang though (D-Block) And I protect my neck, I carry the thing yo (yep) I'm on the same shit that the boss is on Do it for those in the feds, up north or gone (Wood) I'm on a winning streak, I done got my losses on It's ironic cause even when I'm off I'm on Yeah, I'm on, uh, what! [Chorus: Mark Morrison] I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, ooh yeah-hey-ee (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on [J. Cole] I'm 'bout to cop the Porsche Eternally grateful for the support, made the cover of The Source Flashback to the Ports, the city of no remorse Where they shootin back and forth like they playin H.O.R.S.E. May the force, be with you, bullet hit you You bleed then I bleed with you Mama please when you grieve damn I grieve with you This a preview I see you in the summer My new shit dumber, I'm on [Kendrick Lamar] Life at the bottom is devastating You're hardly ever debated, the party is obligated by suckers that wanna be you and never live in the matrix And never ever related to struggle and dedication Your hustle is nominated, anonymous then you faded The promises that a victory lap is surely awaited They vomited everytime that a rapper's annihilated Just wish them happy belated - Fuck you~! I made it, I'm on [B.o.B] Tokyo to Amsterdam, Denver to LA (yea) Minutes turn to hours and hours to pay (yea) The days turn to nights but the nights never change It's funny how "time is money" used to be a turn of phrase But now it's company policy, I'm no spokesperson (No doe) No tricks, no gimmicks, no coercion (Hol' up) And they say, "Bob, man it's good to have you back" (what?!) But I say, "I have been here, where the fuck have y'all been at?" [Tyga] HAH! Thinkin how Pac lived at 22 that's '93 I was four, now I'm 22 on tour One-two shots of my life, barely hold on But I'm drawn to this feeling of adrenaline When mic's on, lights on, and they gon' applaud Young nigga, Versace they never seen before And they gon' watch me, wanna copy shit I got on I'm too fly, I ain't got a flaw Tell the law we above the law God bless, amen, every lost soul  and the group so good went solo Globetrottin, now I'm blowin up like an afro Nigga thought you knew what I do Rollin through ya area, Double R coupe Penthouse level, now we only party on the roof Bitch I'm a rebel so I move how I wanna move Last King, YMCMB {*BOOM!*} [Gudda Gudda] Used to run around the hood pickin honeys up Now I'm doin shows 'round the world pickin money up Used to be slept-on like a pillow Went from trappin in a rental to rappin on instrumentals Now it's money on my mental and women get sentimental, huh It's cause the flow is sweet as a pack of Skittles, nah? Yellow, gold, yellow diamonds in the middle now Stand up nigga, I was never known to settle down [Bun B] Well as the world spins around and around on its axis Boys flip from town to town with the package Stuffin bills and pounds of browns in a mattress Sendin clowns underground for practice The fact is everybody wanna be the king with the crown (crown) But never in the battle when the drama goes down (down) Easy to be the boss from behind the wall But we gon' see who really down when it's time to brawl (c'mon) Cause you gotta be careful about the image you portraying (huh) You gotta show love to where you from all day And when the goin gets rough, don't get to goin, get to stayin Put it down for yo' people with no delayin, know I'm sayin? [Outro: Mark Morrison] I'm on... I'm on... ooh yeah-hey-ee I'm on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Jadakiss, Styles P Album: Life Goes On Song: Smile Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) Ya know, I never did understand why they always told me to smile Shit, it ain't too much shit out here to smile fo' Real talk, know it's still Asshole By Nature peep game [Trae] I remember coming up, labeled a lil' nigga Watching niggaz fuck over they own, but see I kept it realer But being real, ain't always what niggaz make it to be I never thought me making it, would have niggaz hating a G I got enough shit that I deal with, on a day to day Penitentiaries and life after death, don't seem to go away Even though I never know the outcome, something say to pray I try to do my best to understand, he right around the way I got a call from Mr. Rogers just the other day, telling me he by my side I'm like what the fuck you talking bout, till he told me Laurna died It fucked me up so much, I couldn't even go to the wake But if her family call, I'm gon' make sure that they straight It's like this part of my life I live, is damn near mastered The mo' people I love, the more they get took away faster Sometimes I feel talk to God, a lil' more than the pastor Probably to live, and make sure my son never become a bastard I never been the one to quit, I always been a leader But I feel this world is like a bitch, and I know I don't need her If I knew it was this, I'd never take the time to meet her So I feel the frown across my face, the only way to greet her In the process of being Trae, I missed out as a child Probably cause reality my style And they told my cousin death before he 30, after checking his file He damn near 28, so how the fuck am I suppose to smile shit (*talking*) I don't know my nigga, I ask myself the same shit ery'day How the am I suppose to smile, life's real over here ya know [Styles P] Styles don't smile, the hood too foul Them lil' niggaz is wild, man lost trial Hit him with some numbers, he ain't eating during chow He ain't even sleeping, even thinking bout his child It's real fucked up, but he won't see him for a while Same bullshit, trying to get you a money pile We all see the revolve, the jail doors locked I keep the tech, with the airholes cocked Now I don't wanna shoot or get shot, but Pinero's not Gon' fuck with these fucked niggaz, I aired those blocks It's real hard to sleep, when it's money on the mind And murder on the mind, puffing on the dutch With a fistfull of iron, somebody mom crying Cause somebody boy dying, it's the same old shit From the wake to the funeral, the same old trip Crack money rap money, the same old grip Asked Trae, he could of smiled down in Texas living restless Said the cops gon' get you, or niggaz'll leave you breathless Shit I'm a winner, mo' like a sinner Trying to make it to dinner then, live out to breakfast ya know (*talking*) Trae, S-P how the fuck are we suppose to smile Nigga, answer me that, maybe I'll fucking smile ya know [Jadakiss] Nothing to smile about, these lil' niggaz is wilding out If you do something to em, they dialing out Everybody looking at you, like you fouling out Every hood everywhere, this what it's now about Where shooters is half your age, give you half the gauge Daily news, half the page Known as a thug now, he ain't just fly Couple months in the group home, in D.F.Y. Truthfully what could of been pending, never did And he slid as a youthful offender, cause he's a kid Problem is, person he shot was connected He coming home thinking it's sweet, and don't expect it Big but he's still young, to him it's still fun 3-60 waves new gear, blue steel gun And they say, you ain't promised tomorrow They got the drop, hit him right in his head with a hallow uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ Jadakiss Album: 2 Reasons (DJ Ted Smooth Remix) (S) Song: 2 Reasons (DJ Ted Smooth Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Trey Songz] Tell the DJ turn it up, bet the DJ bring it back Tell him play that shit again, tell him that you like that, like that OH! [Sample from T.I.] (Jadakiss) (*DJ Ted Smooth) Trey! (Get your glass up! EH HEH!!!) Trey! (*Ted Smooth! Straight Face! You Remember!) [Verse One: Jadakiss] (*Sample from T.I.) Yeah! Yo! Fine females, alcoholic beverage (Uh) The way the bottles is comin got me a little leverage (Uh Huh)  Ass lookin right I'm wonderin how the head is (Ummm!!!) She see what's goin she wonderin how the bread is (Yeah!) Two shots later whatever we 'gon set it (Whatever) Gassed her right quick, regular, unleaded Yeah! Now she actin like a trooper I'm on a thousand purp, she doin the hooka I could warm her up in the oven or I could nuke her If I bag somethin better than her, then I'm a juke her AH! Let me know when you leavin (*Trey!) I'm only here for two reasons [Verse Two: Trey Songz] I know it's somebody birthday, right now (Right now) Right now, right now, right now There's somebody gettin drunk too, right now (Right now) Right now, right now, right now Catch me in the club like I own that bitch (Own that bitch) Shawty dancin like she on that dick (She on that d) Bad bitches never hold back (Never hold back) Send me a picture where your phone at? (OH WHOA OH!) I only came here for two reasons IIIIIIII!!!!! Came for!!! (What-What-What you came for?!) [Chorus: Trey Songz] I only came for the bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks  Bitches and the drinks, for the bitch, came-came for the Bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks Bitches and the drinks (Baby what you came for?!) Baby get your glasssssss up! (Get your glass up) Only came for the bitches and the drinks Baby get your assssss up! (Get your ass up!) That's what I came for [Verse Three: Trey Songz] I see you tryin to handcuff her on the street (Handcuff her on the street) Stop trippin you can't control that freak! (WHOA!!!!) Ain't nobody got a body like herrrrrrsssssss!!!! Ghetto booty plus she came from the 'burbs (OW!) Got a dark skin girl dancin on me (Dancin on me) Two white girls dancin on me (Dancin on me) Bad yellow bone (Bone!) Yeah I'm in my zone  Waitress keep comin back so you know we have to go! (OH WHOA OH!) I only came here for two reasons IIIIIIII!!!!! Came for!!! (What-What-What you came for?!) [Chorus: Trey Songz]  I only came for the bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks  Bitches and the drinks, for the bitch, came-came for the Bitches and the drinks, bitches and the drinks Bitches and the drinks (Baby what you came for?!) Baby get your glasssssss up! (Get your glass up) Only came for the bitches and the drinks Baby get your assssss up! (Get your ass up!) That's what I came for The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ 2Pac, Jadakiss Album: Hotel California Song: Hit'em Up Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Tyga] I said fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, nigga I hit em up [Verse 1: Tyga] T Raww go stay Westside, killa cat pillar No ceiling, probably worth 10 million Poor nigga watch chilla, you ain't even gotta feel it That's chin chinchilla flyer than a caterpillar I sick my dogs at you, yeah Then call the dog catcher, bitch Spark the fire, no matches, yeah So high just laughing, hah Burners in the attic, they ain't know I had it Shoot sporadic, fire automatic, pop the target Driving backwards, I'm a hundred bill fanatic Bring the static, make vows to the money, but I skipped marriage Keep staring, rather die that nigga than live average, get you embarrassed Thousand karats on my wheel let my kids inherit Black card credit, told them I don't use debit Nigga know that's my motto, I could do this shit forever so [Chorus: Tyga] Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, talkin get you hit up Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, nigga I hit em up [Verse 2: Jadakiss] We don't rock with them niggaz anyway, fuck them We'd ever caught them in the hood, we'd a stuck them Things coming in, we get them off by the dozen We about that action, you ain't about nothin' Girl of your dream, I already had her If it ain't my team, it don't really matter Short stay, I'm only in town for the figures Even when I'm up, I'm still down for my niggaz Need nothing else, don't concern me or worry me Nah, I'mma ride 'til they burn me or bury me Cause the truth is, niggaz die every day Heard about me, I hope you heard thoroughly I don't switch sides, I just switch rides Might just get a little head, let the bitch slide Knowing that I can, knowing that I will Far as the other side go, you know how I feel [Chorus: Tyga] Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, talkin get you hit up Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, nigga I hit em up [Verse 3: 2Pac & Tyga] [2Pac] You gotta watch your back Stay strapped, be alert Started as a young motherfucker doin' dirt Walkin' through the streets wearin' jewels [Tyga] Ain't got shit to lose Gonna fuck up and bust young niggaz with tools [2Pac] The intricate designs of my lethal lines [Tyga] Now time hard to find a job, easier to rob niggaz [2Pac] These days, motherfuckers talk shit And turn snitch when you see 'em They ain't talkin' 'bout shit Westside I keep a vest on my chest Buck, buck, cops wanna hit me with the book [Tyga] But I don't give a fuck Government got a nigga feelin' stuck While these same little sluts gettin' fucked For a quick buck Weed make my mind roam [2Pac] All alone, ain't nothin' like tryin' to bone Over the phone, in my mind I can see her naked I can't take it Got me shakin' at the thought that we can make it I thought you knew Get loaded, can't control it Nigga, pass me the blunt and let me roll it [Tyga] Then smoke it, sippin [2Pac] Hennessy [Tyga] Plottin' on my enemies 'Comin back twice as hard Like, remember me [2Pac] My hustle to my dyin' days [Tyga] Niggaz dyin' every day And we celebrate with pain Pourin' champagne Drink politics, they wanna join my campaign Worldwide, LA niggaz screaming [2Pac] Westside [Chorus: Tyga] Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, talkin get you hit up Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, cause I'm down for my niggaz Fuck them other niggaz, I ride for my niggaz I die for my niggaz, nigga I hit em up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U-God f/ Styles P Album: The Keynote Speaker Song: Fame Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: U-God (sample)] You know it's all about (fame, fame) You know it's all about (fame) [U-God] I'm a winner in my book Lean cuisine, in the kitchen, the fly cook In the air, like Kareem and the sky hook Def Jux, my left hook, this is easy work It's the mic mechanics, see the greasy shirt This is easy perks, photo shoots, stepped out of the chopper My bitch know she cute, Manolo boots, keep cussing at the hustlers How you gonna get loot? You cussing out the customers No sales, you better have my cash If the feds don't grab me, I got lots of plans I need gold, the all-star cast In the leading role, call it cruise control Everything is shakable, everything is cake-able No chinks in my armor, I'm feeling unbreakable Swimming through the shark's tank, I'm top rank [Chorus: U-God (sample)] For the (fame) for the (fame) for the (fame) For the (fame) for the (fame) for the (fame) [U-God] On my arm I draw ink, resemble war tank The glass tipper, spilling up more drink All I do is think of ways to smash him Eyes on me, rise for the anthem Rings like Green Lantern, in the green phantom Talk of the town, don't he look handsome? You little league, you only major debt It's the takeover, I'm cashing European checks Brush your teeth, I'm your early morning toothache Stomp the roach, this is how my boo taste Cotton candy, hot sipping Brandy Pass me my suitcase, you skinny pants fruitcake Listen to the grime, when it's mixed with crime I'm dusting off my rhyme book, you stalking on my timeline From the foul line, back to the huddle Writing tracks on the bullet train, to the shuttle [Styles P] Raised by Wolves like the book by Cavario Did a lotta dirt but never will say sorry though Wild like the Latin boys down in El Bario Quick on the juks, then you better do your cardio Run to 'em, or run from 'em He's a killa, so you can't take his gun from him He bag coke, so his hands feel numb from 'em He's a coldhearted bastard, better dumb dumb 'em Preferably a forty-five, my job is making sure If they violate the big man and little shorty ride Out in the stretcher in the ambulance, me? I let the hammer blam For niggas moving grams on the hand to hand If I'm talking snow, it's an avalanche I ain't thinking of rap, but catch me in a battle stance Yeah, it's the Ghost, muthafucka Guns, rappers and blunts, yeah, I smoke muthafucka [U-God] Check out my drunk dance, the Killah Hill red bone Put that on my headstone, you see the gem stone? Call it in the end zone, headphones, Dr. Dre The new sensation, yeah, I got a lot to say Let him speak, he's so misunderstood Let him speak, the new voice of the hood Never had the type, always had the heart Keep it simple and sharp, til I land on the charts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U-God f/ Jim Jones, Sheek Louch Album: Dopium Song: Magnum Force Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Jim Jones] Uh-huh, Jones, one-two, one-two G's up, you know who I am, Jones, the struggle New York's mine [Jim Jones] Can it be it was all so simple Imagine me in the Porsche, when I spin thorugh I lost my fitted when the wind blew Down in Miami, when we floss, no Winstons Looking for some ice cream, hooked on the night scene Way back when Eric B. was a 'mic fiend' What about the pipe fiends, got 'em in line Sell 'em all pipe dreams, I was on my grind Now I'm in my prime like 36 Chambers Pull through your block with like thirty-six rangers Don't say it, we dangerous, give a fair warning Party til the morning, to the last call Go hard, nigga, cuz when it rain it starts pouring You a nigga sleep, like you snoring My niggas creep like they crawling Pray for you niggas, oh, lord, could you pray for this nigga? [Chorus: U-God] See me ride and creep through the night in the fog Heat's to your skull, cuz this time, it's on (It's a jungle out here) Nowhere to run, you in the eye of the storm Sing your goodbyes, cuz this time, you're gone (Boy, we rumble out here) You want forgiveness, pray to the Lord You live by the sword, you die by the sword (It's a jungle out here) Kick down your door, show no remorse Ah, fuck it, magnum force, get 'em [U-God] Yo, it's danger when the beat loops, hard like Sheek Louch God got a sweet tooth for white broads and fleetwoods Drive-by music, watch when the jeep swoop Three wolves jumped out, armored up, neat roof Them dudes eat fruit, pick it right, off the tree Deep roots in the street, that's right, I'm a G These boots don't walk from the Hill to France Dunn, shout out to dance hall, gorilla stance Make, killas glance, heads, start popping Police just watch, hoes, start clocking Foes can't block 'em, your spine is jelly But mine is gully, my insides is ugly And I shine with my hat low, behind the skully It's Zilla, Zilla, with the monster belly And my hands stay steady, I move in silence But I'm, ready to live, nigga, Christopher Wallace [Sheek Louch] Ok, uh, you ain't that hard to go against U-God Bitch, I keep squeezing til you dead or a retard Walk past your block with my glock and my iPod Hoodie over, bandana, and flip your little Rover over If it's a jungle, I'm a silverback, strip down it Aston Martin through the hood, fiends wipe down it Real hip hop, you looking for it, just found it It's like punishment, the way a nigga stay grounded Humble, but I rumble, bang you Throw up the W, niggas'll Wu-Tang you D-Block, I let it pop for the G-O-D Mad bitches in the club, homey, you know me I got paper, I urinate a couple G Whitey's looking like, who he suppose to be? Don Gorilla, a/k/a Donny G Love crime, U-God, one more time, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Uncle Murda f/ Cam'Ron, French Montana, Jadakiss, Jim Jones, Styles P, Vado  Album: Warning (Remix) 12" Song: Warning (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Female] (Tuneheadz) Warning!!!! (THIS IS THE REMIX! UH HUH!)  Warning!!!! (THIS IS THE REMIX! GMG! TUNEHEADZ!!!!!!!) [Verse One: Uncle Murda] I get money I get money, OOOH I'm gettin paper I ain't playin I ain't playin I'll smack the shit out a hater That's my baby girl right there, OOOH she with her friends I'm a dog I ain't shit, I'm a wind up hittin her friends Banger a Outlaw, OOOH I'm like Pac But I ain't die after the second time I got shot I got greasy bars OOOH I'm talkin reckless Got niggas that's beefin with each other on the same record Look at Jeezy look at Ross, OOOH they fallin out It's not just New York they beefin with each other in the south I get paper I get paper, OOOH I'm gettin money This the real remix, cameras just bein funny [Verse Two: French Montana] Bring 'em in kick 'em out like OOOH see you later Mix purple with the yellow like OOOH, I'm a Laker (Swish!) Ain't no doubt about it I'm a Lamborghini parker And my shorty got a dunk like OOOH Candace Parker Hopin out that thang, OOOH chain dangle Gettin top at my favorite song, OOOH Headbanger Montana, Murda and you know we run the state See shorty actin bouji but OOOH her bag fake Hit up Sue's, Perfection's, OOOH Sin City Montana, Coke Boyz, OOOH we run the city Homey tryin to keep up, OOOH they goin broke I'll finish your career, OOOH get a rope (UH!!!) [Interlude: Female] Warning!!!! X4 [Verse Three: Jadakiss] (Styles P) Dope money dope money, OOOH (That Montega) In the spot gettin gwop, OOOH (That's hard labor) In the club poppin bottles (Yeah we blowin that sour) Hand full of real niggas (Rest of these niggas cowards) How you want it? (How you want it?) Hands, gun or the knife (Soon as your man see the barrel) He 'gon run for his life (Bullets flyin) Bullets flyin, OOOH (Another wake) (Everyday, is a funeral) Niggas is not safe (Yeah you poppin at the dealer) But nigga it's not weight!!! (Nine'll blow ya brains out) My nigga cannot wait (Ridin dirty) Ridin dirty (OOOH That's European) Put my key in put your key in (OOOH) look what we seein (I'm the) nicest I'm the (Hardest) give it to any artist (From the coldest to the hottest (Excuse me for bein modest) (Bet I'm clappin if I'm drawin) Talk to me in the mornin (Next time It's shots fired) This is the only warnin Yeah! What! [Verse Four: Jim Jones] Uncle Murda gave you a warnin I ain't givin you shit I come at the bitch starvin Four extended clear thirty shots clear up your foreign I told you fuck rappers your life is not that important Like GRRRR!!! (GRRRR!!!) My niggas sellin the white And OOOH I'm like Suge and y'all Vanilla Ice And OOOH If I get locked you know I'm bailin tonight I spoke to my lawyer he tellin me that's it's right Like! I'm from Harlem, catch me up in the Heights I don't got on Jordan's you catch me up in some white OOOH These niggas pussy don't trust 'em they like dyke's OOOH My niggas vamps don't trust 'em we might bite like.......... [Interlude: Female] (Vado) Warning!!!! X4 (SLIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Five: Vado] Yellow top bottles it move sell at the lobby  Niggas snitchin like kids like OOOH I'm tellin mommy Third time he slippin, OOOH let's go get 'em Got the drop where he live at with two of my hoes live at Today I'm feelin ignorant zoomin down Lenox Benz door sky high like OOOH that 'bout did it My man mom's on me, OOOH I'm not with it Hear the voices in my head like OOOH do not hit it Let me be specific, dude I'm that nigga I could coach you how to ball with your green like Doc Rivers I'm a side roman, OOOH them blocks shiver Doc siz is how I cradle the rock, a gwop getter [Interlude: Female] (Cam'Ron) Warning!!!! X4 (Killa!!!) [Verse Five: Cam'Ron] My girlfriend's girlfriend OOOH they don't like me See me with a chick they like OOOH that ain't wifey Lookin at my feet these shoes they ain't Nike Man don't even ask, OOOH them things pricey Chick's baby fathers OOOH they wanna fight me Jewelry out the freezer OOOH a nigga icey Her coochie ain't right, OOOH It's a crisis Smellin like fish, OOOH she a Pisces O Twelve Seven, OOOH that thang pretty Make me say OOOH, OOOH like Sin City Gettin money gettin money, man I'm gettin paper I ain't playin I ain't playin I'll smack the shit out a hater Smack the shit out ya neighbor, smack the shit out the mayor Smack the shit out ya pregnant baby ma while she in labor [Outro: Female] (Cam'Ron) Warning!!!! X4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Jadakiss Album: 8701 Song: I Can't Let You Go Typed by: Tigerlily9287@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jadakiss] Yo I'm sick of this man I can't even take no more Cause I hate the fact that I love you so much And you know what I'm saying You don't even understand what this is doin' to me Everytime I try to get away I just can't let you go You know what I'm saying I just can't let you go [Verse One] I never ever wanna hurt you I just wanna love ya I just wanna sex you up I wanna give you everything you need-thing you want Just lay down and let me love ya all night long [Jadakiss] It was beautiful when we first started [Usher] I don't wanna leave you I just wanna keep you When they saw me they saw you Damn the world-its just me and my girl Thats how I felt Everytime I thought it was right-it went left We used to laugh and party But now all we do is argue [Jadakiss] What happened to all the good times [Usher] I tell myself that I don't want you no more But I can't let you go [Jadakiss] You see I can't let you go [Usher] So much love and hurt and hate People screamin' it won't work [Jadakiss] I'm sick of this shit man [Usher] Time and time I say I'm gonna leave But I can't let you go [Jadakiss] See what I'm sayin' [Usher] But I can't let you go [Break-Jadakiss] Now you wanna be real insensitive and try to act kinda funny You know what man you aint even gotta wait til' the morning man You can get out of here tonight Hey yo Glen come grab her shit and get her outta here [Usher] You aint even gotta like me But you're not gonna fight me You can't walk away and say I never gave you everything want-thing ya need All we do is argue all night long I don't wanna leave ya See ya with another brother lovin' ya Sayin' the damn the world I It's me and my girl Its how I feel when you think everything is real But it really ain't [Chorus 2x] [JD-Rap] Got me-walkin' around read to snap Got me-walkin' around lookin' for somebody to slap Got me-Goin' wit no pause Got me up in the cardiac evereyday just 'cause Got me arguing about lil'stuff It get a little rough we kiss and make up She wanna sat what she wanna I don't play that She wanna constantly bring up shit from way back Got me thinkin' 'bout her while I'm watchin' a flick Got me dippin' through traffic tryin' to get homw quick Got me talkin' to myself I'm hatin' this Got me wantin' to wild out like I'm Jadakiss Got me in a place I never thought I would see Got me not wantin' to stay not wantin' to leave Got me happy got me confused Got me wishin' I could get it how I used to [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Jadakiss Album: Throwback 12" Song: Throwback (Remix) Typed by: smokedidit@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Just Blaze] Real talk. Usher, Just Blaze [Usher] Oh! Oh ho! (Mmm you gonna want me back) (The last words she said to me now I'm wishing she was still here wit me) (You know your gonna need me) And now that day's here, ya man gotta shed tears (Mmm you gonna want me back) You never miss a good thing till it leaves ya Finally I realized that I need ya I want ya back Baby girl I need ya back Gotta have ya back, babe Heartbroken when you left my world Man I wish I woulda kept my girl I love you I don't know what I'm gon do without my baby It's driving me crazy (It's driving me crazy) 'Cause I'm missing my baby (Missing my baby) I'm goin' out of my mind and I'm runnin' out of time Oh I just wish I could find you, girl Said I'm about to go crazy (About to go crazy) 'Cause I been needin' you lately (Needing you lately) I'm goin' outta my head and all the things that I said I wish that I never said them now Aww baby What you say now? (Your gonna want me back) And still I want you, want you, want you, want you, want you Need ya babe If I could rewind the time And get inside ya mind I would take back all my words I didn't see it, I couldn't see what I was doin' babe See baby girl I was blind And I wish that I could try To be the man that you deserve Give me one chance to make it work It's driving me crazy (It's driving me crazy) 'Cause I'm missing my baby (Missing my baby) I'm goin' outta my mind and I'm runnin' outta time Oh I wish I could find you girl Said I'm about to go crazy (About to go crazy) 'Cause I been needin' you lately (Needing you lately) I'm goin' outta my head and all the things that I said I wish that I never said them now (Mmm you gonna want me back) Wish I could throw it back I want it the way it use to be (Your gonna need me) (Mmm your gonna want me back) Give me chance to make it work! It's driving me crazy (It's driving me crazy) 'Cause I'm missing my baby (Missing my baby) I'm goin' outta my mind and I'm runnin' outta time Oh I wish I could find you girl Said I'm about to go crazy (About to go crazy) 'Cause I been needin' you lately (Needing you lately) The love of my life but I wasn't loving you right baby [Jadakiss] I'm trynna stay strong I don't wanna crack But I need her and she told me I'm gunna want her back Shoulda believed her Now I'm wishing I could throw me back To the same spot where we found L-O-V-E at Lose some then I lose again, when am I gunna win some? I said alot of things out of anger, but I meant some I brought alot of things to the table, besdies income I just want things to go back how they use to be I was use to you, and I thought you were use to me Time was against us You never miss something 'till it's gone That's my word ma, you convinced me It might not happen, but I'm still hopin And my heart is broken, but the door is still open Pillow still soakin Dutch still lit, and a bottle still open And if I don't get another chance It might be hard to get focused It's driving me crazy (It's driving me crazy) 'Cause I'm missing my baby (Missing my baby) I'm goin' outta my mind and I'm runnin' outta time Oh I wish I could find you girl So I'm about to go crazy (About to go crazy) 'Cause I been needin' you lately (Needing you lately) I'm goin' outta my head and all the things that I said I wish that I never said them now (Mmm your gonna want me back) It's the last words she said to me Now I'm wishing she was still here wit me (Your gonna need me, need me one day) And that day's here (Mmm your gonna want me back) And ya man gotta shed tears I'm sittin' by the phone Realizing she ain't ever coming home... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Jadakiss, Rick Ross Album: 600 Benz (S) Song: 600 Benz Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Rick Ross] 600 Benz, house 600 grand That was 6 years ago, whips come from Japan I get that work from my face I get that work from my face [Wale] 600 Benz, Condo 600 grand I got 12 hundred kicks them straight from Japan My ambition is wicked I put that shit on my hands [Rick Ross] I get that work from my face [Wale] I put that shit from my man [Wale] Wale, real nigga, while I tote a blow and bomb haze? I just tell CJ keep on rollin' thats my shorty Tinted out, you aint seeing through All black everything, this shit like a HBCU Maybach music, major moves I'm saving major loot I make my old bitch buy me all the latest shoes One whip just aint enough, I just seen 33 You only half a W without a second V Gotta be dreamin, gotta be chosen Shawty when I was 20 I had a Camry and ? But now I'm ok, I got my shit together Rozay told me keep on working, shawty you'll be rich forever, ever Forever my endeavours and I sever my opponents I'm cold like its in Denver The dilemma is, you think I got no conscience You think I just here flossing or ? shit about ? [Rick Ross] 600 Benz, house 600 grand That was 6 years ago, whips come from Japan I get that work from my face I get that work from my face [Wale] 600 Benz, Condo 600 grand I got 12 hundred kicks them straight from Japan My ambition is wicked I put that shit on my hands [Rick Ross] I get that work from my face [Wale] I put that shit from my man [Jadakiss] Dependin' on how I feel, either the coupe or sedan I'm only dealin' with you, nothing to do with your man Ruin your plans, it's best to do what you can I'm up to 600 bricks, started with 200 grams Hand to hand in the cold Pockets on hella swole I was breaking ‘em down, now I'm selling ‘em whole Work straight out the kitchen Aint no competition You just shut up and listen and you can complete the mission Know you want me to fall I don't do nothing but ball You heard I was in jail, but I just came form the mall I'm on my way to the jeweller bout to cop me a mula Keep the digital ruler, at arms length of the ruger Life's a bitch and I feel her Aint nobody iller, ? Godzilla Catch me blowing vanilla's Used to be blood money now it's go hard scrilla After I count it all up, I'ma go to the dealer and get a… [Rick Ross] 600 Benz, house 600 grand That was 6 years ago, whips come from Japan I get that work from my face I get that work from my face [Wale] 600 Benz, Condo 600 grand I got 12 hundred kicks them straight from Japan My ambition is wicked I put that shit on my hands [Rick Ross] I get that work from my face [Wale] I put that shit from my man [Wale] Hope you heard that intro This that I been grinding cause I've been saving for that benz flow So mash on them petty badges Tell em' ? but they never gon catch us If I am pulled over, I know they gon be on it Cause it's hot in here and I got no L like the '72 Dolphins Woooh, race my ?, and I bet you never pass me like a safety ? I'm Polamalu, 600 the newest model My newest motto to use a condom with newest models Uhh, got a hundred on the dash uh Ya aint killers ya'll got hundred yard dash guns I'm a rare one, camo's and some rare ones ? runs the circus hope you don't expect a fair one Dropping hundreds like it aint nothing Really it was but you know I never sayin' nothing Artist: Kanye West f/ Big Sean, Chief Keef, Jadakiss, Pusha T Album: G.O.O.D. Music: Cruel Summer Song: I Don't Like Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pusha T] Fraud niggaz, y'all niggaz, that's that shit I don't like Your shit make believe, rapping 'bout my own life Real names kill things, that's that shit I won't write Cause my niggaz still selling dope like they ain't on their third strikes Camping out in that corridor, fuck you waiting on Jordans for? I middle-man it for 23, just meet me somewhere around Baltimore (WOO) That's rare nigga (WOO) Ric Flair nigga (WOO) The power's in my hair nigga (WOO) I give this beat the chair nigga SoHo or Tribeca, three hoes: trifecta Dope money, hope money, Hublot, my watch better My pen's better, you don't write, trendsetter, you clone-like Pay homage or K's vomit – ungrateful niggaz, I don't like [Chorus: Chief Keef] A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like Sneak disser, that's that shit I don't like [Kanye West] (This Chicago, nigga!) They smile in my face is what I don't like They steal your whole sound, that's a soundbite The media crucify me like they did Christ They want to find me not breathing like they found Mike A girl'll run her mouth only out of spite But I never hit a woman never in my life I was in too deep like Mekhi Phifer In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice Eating good, vegetarian with the brown rice Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot, right? But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes They ain't about that life, they ain't about that life We hanging out that window it's about to be a Suge night Free Bump J, real nigga for life Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice Shout out to L-E-P, Jay Boogie right? Chief Keef, King Louie, this is Chi, right? right?! [Chief Keef] (Young Chop on the beat) Fake Gucci, that's that shit I don't like Smoking on this dope, higher than a kite This bitch gon' love me now, she gon' let me pipe Screaming Sosa, that's that nigga that I like I don't want relations, I just want one night Cause a thirsty bitch, that's the shit that I don't like I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life And I stunt so much in clothes, cause I'm living life I come up on the scene, and I'm stealing light Bitch I'm high off life, got me feeling right Bitch I'm Chief Keef, fuck who don't like And bitch we GBE, we just go on sight [Big Sean] We are not one and the same, nigga I'm fucking insane, fuck is you saying? Yo ass been doing the same, shit, not doing what you saying Dang, I told yo old bitch she was fucking a lame, turn one ho to a train Blaow, blang, my niggaz holding that pain, I just hope you been praying Bang bang, riding for my niggaz and that's for life High class, I'm just surrounded by these low-lifes And I run this bitch like it's no lights, going hard the whole night Cause I ain't going back to my old life, I promise [Jadakiss] I done sold purple, I done sold white Running outta work, that's that shit I don't like She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice She blowing up my phone, that's that bitch I don't like Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut Put the pressure on 'em just when they think that I eased up Thirty for the Cuban, 'nother 30 for the Jesus Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mario Winans f/ Jadakiss Album: How I Made It (Remix) 12" Song: How I Made It (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah, this song right here Is about a young man Who's endured a lot of twists and turns in his life Cause he always kept his head up, stayed focused This man's name is Mario Winans, listen [Chorus - Mario Winans] What makes you think I can't make it? Put me to the test, I'll take it I've been through more trials But I've overcome all of them And I've never been one for faking I kept on moving and shaking And that's how I made it [Verse - Mario Winans] I've seen it all But I never let no one Tell me it's right, when it's wrong Cause I heard it all before And it gives me a reason to fight for A right for, to do what I gotta do [Verse - Mario Winans] All of my life I was told that you had to go through Just to get where you want And if you come across a storm You just gotta keep holding on, and stay strong And do what you gotta do [Verse - Jadakiss] Aiyyo you can hit the dance floor now, you ain't gotta wait We can take this outside, you ain't gotta hate This here is a family affair, the family is here Everybody put your hands in the air And we don't need no hateration Somebody better calm duke down cause the eight'll lace him So while you're waitin get it perculatin Love to smoke preferably purple haze and, sharp as a buck fifty Doin my dance and honey mad cause she can't keep up with me But I'm still bangin 'em, soggin 'em, still robbin 'em And the whole world know Kiss is a problem But I ain't come to fight, I came to have fun tonight And hit more than one tonight Artist: Wu-Block f/ Jadakiss, Raekwon, Styles P Album: Wu-Block (Single) Song: Wu-Block Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Sheek Louch] Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block, Wu, Block [Sheek Louch] Sitting at the table, legs crossed, I'm bossy High top, Louis chain on, I'm flossy Mami Hermes bag, her lips is glossy Don-Don, shades on, dark as coffee They coming through staring, I'm like, bitch, get off me Hater get off, police get off me You ain't seen me in the hood, deal with it, I been gone The money been flown, for most I've been touring I buy a new whip every time it get boring Motorcycle pipes, I'm coming through roaring I'm fucking this money, every day, no Trojan Donny G, Bobby beat, Ghost is holding [Ghostface Killah] Yo, it's the kid with the gorgeous neck who hit Mega Lion heads laying on them Bill Cosby sweater The eyes is rubied out, the nose is glass Put your ear to my waves you can hear the splash Me and Sheek, we don't buy the bar, we do dips on it The cardiovascular boys get ripped on it Head cracked, red dice, roll triple sixes Flustered out, eyeballs low in the trenches Besides hoes, iron fly clothes in the kitchen Little niggas that don't smile is my lynch men Disposable Uzis imported from Panama We rob niggas dressed up like Grandmama We got slammers, ya'll, testing one-two, one-two I say Crystal, you say Crystol And you ain't even rich nigga Get the fuck outta my face puffing on cat litter [Jadakiss] (Styles P) Four five with hollows, no pride to swallow (Mask on, all they remember) was dark wallows (okay) Yeah, they blue and the beige (I let the whole clip go) then I threw a grenade (I'm a warrior, I show you what to do with a blade) I'm a hustler, I show you what to do with the haze (Ride out, then stash the Chevy) Make sure the cash is heavy (All these niggas) is casket ready (yeah, sick brothers, piff lovers) New diamond ones, New York Knick colors (Nickel plated handguns) get bricks from us (Cuban Linx on) I'm a Chef like Raekwon (I'm a Dirty Bastard like Ason) Been around the world got our Puffy and Mase on (We like two glocks, hard like Biggie and) 2Pac On a new block (That's Wu-Block) [Raekwon] Yeah glock close, yeah, that's my other brother Lying in a black man, Batman, rubber Ghost, word to mother Yo, don't talk to me if you don't know me, my sons is parolees Mad humble but'll broke up with police You know we live well, word to gazelles And every maximum prison I ride for you, long as you don't tell Order mines is played, get your frank dealer Buy color tires, rob boat ties from Phillips We do this from here to South France, elephant skin knockouts Coming through the club, we got it clamped Goofy niggas get slapped perfectly, bring all your goons I got two lurches murk your best man Styrofoam nozzles, drug boys come with them hollows We Wu-Lox, warlord models New York, the home of the brave, yo, get your face caved in You sellout, ya'll niggas is slaves The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy w/ Bun B, Jadakiss, R. Kelly Album: Cold Summer Song: Go Getta (Remix) Typed by: MrGreyGoose [Intro - R. Key & Jizzle] Kelly: Young Jeezyyy Jeezy: Yeah, I can believe dat.. (CTE..) Who else nigga? Kelly: And ya boy, Ke-ehh-ehhh-ells. Jeezy: Okayye!! (Yuh!) 87-32, wha it do? Kelly: Dat's right, keep clappin' yall Jeezy: Kinky, I gotchu hommie! Kelly: Oooh, Oooh, Oooh... Jeezy: Let's get it! [Chorus - R. Key w/ Jeezy ad-libin] You know we trap all day (Oowhh!) play all night (Oowhh!) This is the life of a, the life of a (Aye!) Go getta (Aye!), go getta (Aye!), go getta (Yeeeeeeaah) And in the club you see a bad bitch, point her out (Let's go!) Yeah, you damn right Im'a (Aye), you damn right Im'a (Yuh!) Go get ha (Yuh!), go get ha (Aye!), go get ha (Yeeeeeeaah) (Let's go nigga, lemme talk to 'em!) [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] First I buss-a-right, then I buss-a-left (G'yeah!) Music so loud I almost went deaf (Talk to em, hommie.. Deammn!) Hit the sweet once and then I hold my breath Smoke every cigarello 'till it ain't none left Got 50 in the clip, 20 grand in my pocket (Yuh!) Money so big, Ionn even need a wallet (Ha-ha!) 72' impala same color as the pills (Woo!) Red, white and blue - the same colla as the bills (Let's go!) Here we go again, it's the mothafuckin' remix Whole car smoked up, now I can't see shit (Nahh!) Heater on my waste, got the sac in the back Got the whole Escalade smellin' like the pack (Yuh!) GO GETT'EM BITCH!! [Verse 2 - Bun B] I'm in the triple black convertable GT Bentley Trill UnderGroundKing, got the Queen right wit me (Yup!) And things right wit me, and dat thang right on me I'm a one-stop-shop and a one man army, wit the F3000 and the F350 Seven send you to heaver fo' bein' so shifty We work up on the triple beam and wait on the 4 way I hit the highway, ya way pimpin' wit my yay - there's no way Dat anybody the scope you and {??} to holla at the effey These streets have me codin' zones these more sessay My seven jizzy james and Pimp C is my friend, so You can take dat to the grave or the bank [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] Unhh!.. Unhh!.. Yo! Niggas is too frail, you either a snake or a new snail My heart as cold as the new jail Everywhere I go they beggin' me But 1 wrong decision can destroy ya legacy (Unh!) Lemme see I can break 'em down and take longer to slow sail (Uh huh!) Im'a chill fo' a minute - sit on 'em and hoe sail 'em Buisness is just fine, none of ya folks tellin' (Unh!) Shouldn't have it any other way when you coke sellin' I don't know wha it is, I guess we was raised different (Yeah!) Blowin' hayes standin' on the couch Roseye drippin' (Haha) Air forces, hard {??}, my lofe sweater D-Block, ya boy 'Kiss is a go getta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Fabolous, Jadakiss Album: TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition  Song: OJ Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] *whisper* Move... {Yeeaaaaaaaaah, Lil' Lody on the track~!} [Chorus: Young Jeezy] Whatchu know 'bout champagne er'ry night Bad bitches er'rywhere - Barry White Fifty things, I could bury white Countin up a million dollars er'ry night Hit the mall, blow a fo' way Kinda hard when you sleepin on Dolce Wake up, drinkin Rosé Killin that white bitch - OJ [Young Jeezy] Smokin that exotic, ridin that foreign Million dollar round trippin, I ain't talkin 'bout tourin (Nah!) Yeah, countin money 'til ya borin Man, fuck that shit~! (Jizzle, where you goin?) Ha-haaaaah! Flat screens on the wall, nigga IMAX Michael Turners on deck, nigga +half backs+ Dirty white bitch, yeah that Katt Stacks We don't sleep 'round here, we take cat naps Wesley Snipes muh'fucker, this the +Money Train+ Swear the work came faster than the money came (Daaaamn!) Sometimes the money be faster than the cars is If the feds ain't watchin then them broads is Could end anyday and you know better Now you watch the Frito-Lay, yeah you know cheddar (Yeaaaaaaah!) Double bags at the spot, luggage in the place Louis V. on deck, luggage on my waist (YEAH!) [Fabolous] I woke up sayin, "I ain't drinkin no mo'" Same night in the spot drinkin Coco Loso, bad bitch think she know so Got her man-cuffin nigga, think he po-po She tryna go below the belt, thinkin low blow I'm thinkin "Oh yeah," he thinkin "Oh no" I'm on my high horse, nigga thinkin Polo Got the +9+ on me so I think I'm Romo Uh, I'm about that life nigga Bring you in the game, let you meet my wife nigga Married to this shit, askin, "Am I gettin cheddar now?" They say, "I do" like a muh'fuckin wedding vow (Nice~!) That AirTran, we flyin for cheap And you niggaz sleepin on me, hope you die in yo' sleep, haha! OJ, yeah prol'ly don't get it I'm the best that ever did it and got away with it, ah! [Jadakiss] HA-HAAAAAAH~! Yo, you could tell he gettin money and every nigga with 'em The gloves don't fit him, so they gotta acquit him Ain't nobody seen it, but everybody heard it The whole town hatin, they waitin on a verdict Tell 'em niggaz pop off, I'm waitin on a drop-off And I ain't leavin the block 'til I knock the whole box off Yeah, takin care of the whole fam Bought the Porsche, gave the M to my old man +Mo' Money Mo' problems+, more grams More real estate, more land (yeah) At fight night I be ringside, I let them things fly  Just put 1.5 under my king size (Cash) I look at the world thru a king's eyes I was born to spit bars and sling pies I ain't wealthy yet but I'm quite rich I just gotta keep killin that white bitch 