The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: The Roots is Comin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Roots is comin' (16X) [Black Thought] I rip the vocal backflip yo the kid is a bad bro I can drip it hipper than dip into calyp-so A-dios, amigo, which means I gots ta G-O Makes you wonder bout my number Guess my address or my P.O., here's a hint: I'm from Phila with a Del but not the Rio Well, I'm guessing here is like exactly where the Phi go Now, we got the Phila-Del-Phi why not top it off with an A? The Philadelphiadic rhythmatic way I'm straight from Philly Silly but rugged then a hill-billy Just like I said before I sport my skully when it's chilly My cap is from The Lay Up, my bows from The Gilly The Roots, is out to blow up like a clip from out the milli or the oo-wop, I do drop, gizzantic, the crew wop From out the darkest field I goes to pick the funk crop You can't deny the props so stop before your fronts get loosened, introducing, The Roots y'all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Pass the Popcorn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] It looks like another one's comin around (3X) So the Black Thought gots to get down y'all, yeah * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one's comin around (3X) So The Square Roots gotta get down, bust it Yo, I wrote this, basement, Never Never Tunnels type portion Just to accompany some audio distortion Bust the popcorn, drop it onto my cassette and bust it, Kid Crumbs, how ya feel? (I'm feelin blessed man) Yeah, The Square Roots be the setters of examples Findin rhythm in the static of your samples Makin you move to the groove as we sooth the ear of the listener on the musical Prisoner G, now you're free you can be all you wanna be Go where you want or go and see all you wanna see Because yo, your ambitions I won't neglect And to the brothers who ain't here, nuff respect So BROther ?uest, how ya livin, what ya givin black? To me the brother with the linens and the applejack; busy til the break of dawn The first verse is poured I pass the popcorn * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one comin around (3X) So the Black Thought had to get down y'all, yeah * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one comin around (3X) ?uestion would you come and get down, bust it, c'mon [?uestlove] Check it out, secondly it's me the BROther ?uest from the S-Q-T (Square Roots) And he's Black Thought, the boy you know is (FUNKY) The rhythms I recycle sometimes prehistoric The mic for the popcorn's like it's metaphoric (metaphoric baby) So many different factors in the ?uestion's style Arrythmic by the end, I'm givin more than one child Abstract soloist comin from the heart All the way from Philly, from the West part Relax your mind and let your body be at rest Flow in slow mo', and let the BROther manifest Now the second verse has been pourn On to Kid Crumb I pass the popcorn * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * [Black Thought] It looks like another one comin around (3X) ?uestion ripped the set and got down baby, yeah * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one comin around (3X) Kid Crumbs would you come and get down, c'mon [Kid Crumbs] Blessed is the next at the second still before the 4th is passed I'm gassed off the edible raps, and that's illegible Tommy used to bug, when I come around Screamin at the top of my lungs -- you gots to get down Now, they heard the sound and wanna give the kid a pound on the down low *whispering* Relax baby, keep it underground yo From the crown of notty hair that I wear to the funk feet Wonder why the sisters dig the brother missin five teeth Peace I gots to rock so pass the popcorn and shit Quick to lick a shot to umm, Wheezy, and Cricket Used to kick it in the house until I got myself evicted Now The Crumbs is restricted to the popcorn, elected from The Roots, I griff the rest and share the stash of popcorn Back to Black Thought, rock on (and on) And on (and on) and on (and on) And on (and onnnnnn), pass the popcorn! * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * [Black Thought] It looks like another one comin around (3X) Kid Crumbs ripped the set and got down Baby Pah! * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one comin around (3X) Black Thought, you know I gotta get down, bust it, yo Honey, glazed, amazed at the art Black Thought dis-plays I get mad props and the compliment pays Makin me more funky and it shows on stage Word right BROther cause I'm goin through a phase I wanna be a pioneer so trails I blaze Straight past the days when I used to be enslaved But don't eat all the popcorn BROther ?uest (What?) Yo BROther ?uest say it A bit for my hit makin it legitimate and give credit to the attitude you set it don't forget well it's gotta be live, cause that's the way I'm rockin it and pop-corn is in my pocket then I guess it's rockin yo, the S-Q-T'n, Black Thought of seeing I know you're all agreeing, I'm rocking and I'm being Ripping another chapter, just for you to clap ta To the sounds of vexed I make you step just like a camper I pass, the popcorn, the mix I drop on the mic gon', have you hummin my song, all the way home It's cool and as long, as you and the song, be mellowin out together cause it's kind of peace I'm not embarrased as I pass the popcorn, and get off the dome Yo BROther ?uestion, yo Rubber Bandz Square Roots take it home * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When the Foreign Objects get down y'all, yeah * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Looks like another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When Crumbs and the Po'Fo' gets down, yo * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Looks like another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When my man Malik Blunt gets down y'all, c'mon * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Looks like another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When my man The Rubber Bandz gets down y'all, c'mon * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Looks like another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When the BROther ?uestion gets down, yo * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * Looks like another one's comin around It looks like another one's comin around (2X) When the group MU6 gets down, and yo * in background: "Pass the what? (Pass the popcorn)" 4X * It looks like another one's comin around (3X) And when the man Black Thought gets down It looks like another one's comin around (3X) When my man Mr. Crumbs gets down.. It looks like another one's comin around.. (shut up!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: 	The Anti-Circle Yo I'm tha anti-circle On tha mad train like a rain Thats verbal I storm Never comin twice in one form Tha black'll act a fool and I'm gone Crumbs bust it pass tha popcorn As I kick flava behavior your absctract I get recognition But I represent no religon or sect  So I'm no preacher but I reach your soul  Cause I'm stronger than younger Son of Casandra like ganga I grow From tha root like water I flow Could sport ebrotha low or tha nappy afro I still a have tha pick cause I choose to evict Derelicts on tha tip tryin to diss tha mad skit busta skit  How many licks to it take to make a fake Realize that he can't shake bake or penetrate This style I demonstrate on a regular Basis in face that he aint no competitor I said it a second ago yo I'm tha anti-circle with tha mad style Crushin any mental that be fragile You don't wanna see me get like agile Rippin up tha scene screamin like I was a bad child Black Thought so hip that I'm square Tha rhythm that you hear is from tha kids right over there Tha rubberband in question just one step away Yesterday was a day away attention you should pay today To tha Roots stickin boot kickin with flippa I lift tha party up and y'all get down like a zipper Tha mista hippa flippa kid tha one who thinks tha music can be hurtin a Rhythm when I get anti-circular Chorus: Square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square y'all From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square What you spot up with ya peepers is tha creeper Stompin on tha ground smokin a quarter pound reefer Mista five finger lead singer noise maker Number one run I'm rush now you must hush I crush trail mix with tha sandal Five fingers keep a candlestick lit when I vandalize Can't see what I is or will be  Only what I was cause I crush an MC I'm dandy happy go lucky don't touch me Don't play cause I'm not tha right one baby Crazy off key never talk softly  Blacker than tha beans still I never sweat coffee Tha fourth beat following tha third word second after first Yo never rehearse tha verse that I'm freestylin' Cause my verse is diverse I'm Mista Versatilin' Things are easier with oooh chilin' Ya smilin because you dig tha way that I deliver And give a style flowin like I was tha Nile river you shiver Cause I'm cooler than tha coolest act a fool its like a habit So yo this trick is for tha rabbit I grab it and snatch it inspect it like gadget I works tha magic tha mic I must have it I'm at it kids does tha pin on tha vibe tribe Members do decide to send around at tha sit down Get down can't you know I'm quick to rip a kid down Aim to put wack rappers in containers with tha lid down So I seal it can you feel it many contacts is caught On a mad train a Black Thought Chorus: Square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square y'all From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square From tha square to tha circle to tha square The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Writters Block Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Oooh Up, up.. up, up.. Up, Up Up, Up.. UP, UP UP UP!! UP!! UP!! UP!! UP I, UP I, UP I step, UP I walk UP I climb, to the platform on which I await the arrival of the, black liiiine 2000 the abstract nighttrain that should be arriving in approximately eight complete lifetimes Do you dig that, ON, track number one or is it my one track mind? With the same two hundred funky people packed together on one car that seats sixty Reminiscent of the Middle Passage only now we, gliiiide over oceans of steel, and at the speed of light from the window, in my eye, I can't see Damn! Brother, excuse me brother Would you mind not dripping your umbrella into my lap? Now where was I? What, change to spare? Man you better change your mind, change your plan change your attitude, change your ideas to change your position As I change my seat, and I change the channel on my WatchMan Just in time, special guest, The Roots, on the SOULLLLL TRAIN! John Coltrane and chinese food is my date for the night with that woman, with that girl, with that woman with that lady, with that woman, with that child child I'm honey, honey-child, and I gots ta gotta, gots ta, gotta gots ta, gots ta gotta gotta get ready Ready ready to go, read-read to go Going, going, going, going, going, going, going, GONE DAMN! ... I missed my stop.. Writters Block, hah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Good Music (Preclude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] On the actual, I swings like I'm Satchel And brings groovy things to my peoples on the natural Inclined to align, index to other flow and through beats the butta kid got yet another bid to serve in groovy stew, peace to all the kids who smuggle buddha cross the border cause it beez a remedy to ?cola roda? Recruiter of refugees, the urbanite objects Wreck to catch the gravy, grass be the po' baby that I planted in the long run, dig the rhythmic song from the one who goes left see, how many brothers test me? Touch, the texture of the weak and yo I wrecks the comb from picking cause I'm cool and umm, kicks 'pon the dome I'm kicking, on the regular I puts masses in motions Shit'll split your mind open like a canteloupe then The Roots and the boots Don boost to stomp potholes Mr. Job Kicker, ease off, cause I got soul enough to sell it, yo let spell it, B-L-A-C-K T-H-O-U-G-H-T don't play When I skits off a land funk that boogies up your pants and kicks flavor dug by your gramps in Johansen Jazz cats that's hip, plus them brothers who scramble Your uncle and your cousins and the wino who gamble.. 	Hahaha, and for my next trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Good Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [?uestlove] Peace to all the hip cats, all the nappy sweets This is the BROther ?uestion, broadcasting live via satellite, from the Never Never Tunnels Now dig.. the rituals for today, is good music So sit back, relax.. and dig the groove [Black Thought] Yo bust it, I digs hip-hop, and rocks for hip-hop Not R&B because to me that's not my style and the R-double-O-quotes ain't for radio, but major soul the ones that's hip won't change the dial and I remember one morning at the Soul Shack, coolin in the outback, on the songwritin ship Blizz a five, off a Bob Marley spliff On the cloud I be relaxin from last night and shit In studio today but hey BROther ?uestion was on the Westside asleep without a clue when I hollered down to Crumbs to pick up the phone and tell him to get ready (?uestion, what ya doin?) (Ain't no thing) Yeah, Buttered chicken wings, so I met him in the West where we had to 'lax and wait for Rubber Band and Bes' Bassey broke down on the other side of town Yo you know what it's about, The Roots is out to the subway 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it, yeah 	* repeat 2X except 'yeah' * [Black Thought] From the subway to the studio Gots to break fast if we wanna get, to the bus Runnin like a Mex for the border (Umm, yo, oh umm, was it a bunch of yas?) Nah, just the four of us Nuff nappy sweets on the transit, two fine (three fine) fo' five mo' fine, UHH! A girl says, "Hey ain't y'all The Square Roots?" and I'm like, "Heh, worrrd,"  and then the shorty passed the sign Now we got to make out exit (where?) to the pavement (to what?) Crushin trail mix (oh word man, yo look out) Say what? (look out!) ?uestion dropped a whole bag of drumsticks (Ain't no thing) but a chicken wing, so he bends down to pick up the sticks and his pants fall down (dang!) In my face, ?uestion didn't frown, turned around and thought he felt a draft, so I laughed (HAHAHAHAHAH!) 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it, yeah 	* repeat 2X except 'yeah' * [Kid Crumbs] Here comes the Crumbs, from the chums of the P.O. Sprouted from The Roots and I was added to the trio Now I'm cahoots and got a reason for my ego In the words of, Los Lobos, ad-ios, a-migo [Black Thought] At the Rat Cave, mic I'm hand, I'm flowin Tellin ?uestion, to keep it, goin What I'm doin, I'm not really knowin but umm, to me see it sounds oh-and-kay'n (it sounds OK) layin, to the sounds playin Umm, hi to hoe and, yeah, hey to hay'n (uh-huh) Trippin, I'm tryin, not to laugh, bust it It's the last paragraph, and I'm done half But ?uestion's jokin, and I'm like hopin that nobody comes in and opens, the door... (Ah man, what is up with you man?  I'm leavin, what why you scratchin your face like that man?  Look ugly, self-righteous, do-gooder) 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it 	* repeat 2X except * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Grits Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo Malik Blunt [B]	Whassup? Tell me how you like your grits man [B]	Man I like ALL KINDS of grits son 	I just don't like them sticky grits Word, that was trippy Whassup with you Black Thought man, wassup? [T]	Word, organix, groovy stew grits 	with cheese, and mad honey That ain't nuttin man! [T]	That's the grits that needs cash man! I like my grits with sugar man [B]	I like them with BUTTER Sweet and smooth man Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it I can tell another bout real grits getters Gettin grits y'all (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another bout real grits getters (Dig it, the grits getters get the grits y'all) Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another bout real grits getters (Dig it, the grits getters get the grits y'all) Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another about the real grits getters (Yeah, the grits getters get the grits y'all) Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another bout the grits getter [Black Thought] Now me, I'm out to get the grits, more than a little bit If I said, "Don't get it Black," you know I'd be a hypocrite Levels often fluctuate to surplus from deficit Rated with the X, is the X-tra X-plicit grits I, slides, AND, slips, AND, dives, AND, dips into it, it being grits that I gets like a quaker But take the raincoats, for the oats When you crush trail mix yo, I dig my grits fixed slow with butter, you slip up in the grits and make em other Some people call it skins but, grits is the other term that you gots to learn, to keep up on all the scoop I get a little ends but, never spends loot for the wiggle, some immature, kids like to laugh so they giggle for the grits and, when they get close they start skitz-in, not this kid, because I switched in flipped in, changed the position that I hits in-side I glide, words can't describe, how I move be like, hittin a doobie, Thought'll get ya groovy, so! Yo Black, here's a bit of advice: your wife's nice so you better keep the girls away from the grits getter Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another about the real grits getters (Yeah, the grits getters get the grits y'all) 	* repeat 4X w/ minor variations * [Malik Blunt] Yeah I likes to unzip it, strip it then grip it To be specific I won't like it, so get the ticket Flip it like it was a coin, put the loins in the groins In other words the groins I stretch, now you gets the sketch You, know I use my mark like the worm on Noah's Ark But if I happen to see a spark, I umm, parks my bark Guess I haves to rest my num before the next number to sum But so I can't slumber or sleep, my shovel's diggin deep Peep this hick whose name was Vickie Gettin tricky rather slicky Her performance showed endurance She said, "Me like to licky licky" Body more gracious, or should I say bodacious Took my order then she sorta served me like she was a waitress Never will I say that she was tasteless Maker of the pastry, so's I calls her pastress Still enthused, cause I got my cruise on P-O-L-O blues on, when I choose to move I puts my shoes on Protection, against infection Erect projections travels South in your mouth like a dentist checked in, commence to be intent She said, "I can't understand you, but damn you like Prince" I make it feel like a Zulu, from Honolulu By the way she roll away like a dog who name was Ubu They also said the way I entered from the center is adventurous, imprint on you dentures when I bust or I thrust, Mid-Atlantic, they act like a schitzophrenic Sometimes they panic like I'm Diggin on a Planet I don't gotta Beama or a Jetta, ?C-ka-Reama alla netta? Malik is the sleek grits, getter Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another about the real grits getters (Yeah, the grits getters get the grits y'all) 	* repeat 4X w/ minor variations * [BROther ?uestion] I would be lyin if I told you I could not prepare a fat bowl of sticky, grits for a quickie Humans get picky, and judge it by the thickness But if it bends your spoon then add some butter with the quickness I might get a bit smoother, if you move it to a better, position, that's probably what she wishin You can add some groovy spices, to give it extra But my advice is to first let it simmer Hot, if it's hot then let the pot sit and cool Cause if you spill your milk, we label you beginner Humans gotta know, that I keep my bowl, full of grits Swingin with their daughters while their parents throwin fits Tellin me to change my diet plan, to bran cereal Or rice, I tried that twice, it didn't work In fact, it made my milk kinda sour Half and half, part creamer, and skeemer That's why if it's grits then it gotta be organic Cause if it's artificial, I panic Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another about the real grits getters (Yeah, the grits getters get the grits y'all) 	* repeat 4X w/ minor variations * Yo man, what about me man? * everybody clowns * Yo man, just pass your grits down man (You needs to eat Gerber man) [Kid Crumbs] Who gets the grits, now let me tell ya A plenty posse bloom from the cellar, to nail ya daughter or your sister, the younger skins elixir Kick a cat, but I won't like a cat, I'll figure I'd rather, play the thigh kisser, sister, I don't die swift, and yo I'm not a quitter So umm, let me place my hands upon that waist and trace my way to the right nip and left nip then sip Similac, until my Jimmy grows fat, grab my pack of hats from the back, then flee, to the next block to knock off socks, yo you know my props So father, don't bother Cause once the grits is hot, yo they're good as got Who gets the grits? (Say what?) Bust it, let a brother tell another about the real grits getters (Yeah, the grits getters get the grits y'all) 	* repeat 4X w/ minor variations * * talking to fade * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Leonard I-V Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] From The Never Never Tunnels via satellite Ceremonies be commencing in the candlelight Yo is I is up in the res-in-iduals tonight Absolutely because I'm the kid that's on the mic And I believe it's destiny that I got put in a position to throw lyrics like a shotput Yo no matter the circumstance Thought can always make you dance like you got the heebie-jeebies or a hotfoot The bass is low on the meter, less than zero So while I'm sinning you be spinning like a planet Yo if you dig the shit I'm sayin you'll be deeper Wish for little and your wishes shall be granted We plant the seeds y'all, to grow The Roots y'all And mad knowledge I got, from the archives But now I got a crazy fat question: what ever happened to Leonard Parts One to Five? Chorus: Black Thought (repeat 2X) Why'd you ask me that question? (I don't know) Where did Leonard Parts One to Five go? Why'd you ask me that question? (I don't know) Word/Uhh/Yeah/... Where did Leonard Parts One to Five go.. [Black Thought] Chariot, Chariot, come swing low--be Cause it's on a lower level that I swing low, umm ?uestion, keeps me up, on the swing flow, he don't got a whole name, I call him, BRO The Roots is comin through on your audio For you to cut The Roots down I don't think so Because the sound from the ground is like be--low And when the liquid kicks in then The Roots grow Now my ace boom coon plus amigo Was Shadrach Meshach and N'bendago There was a Alpha to Omega, motion, system but I just call them A to O And in all states, The Roots'll rock a fat show Because I drop art like I was Pa-blo And Pa-blo's last name was Picasso But as for cash flow, I don't got no dividends and, ends to spend on blow, yo Where did Leonard Parts to Five go? Chorus [Black Thought] Where's the third verse? Here it comes, here it goes The second had Oodles and Oodles of.. speaking of O's, I'm hard to sink like a Cheerio And I speak up loud, so you can hear me yo Is it A Tribe Called Quest? Is it the J.Beez? We're Cool Like Dat, but yo we're not the D.P.'s It's the group The Roots, with the organic rap style Plus the groove from the rhythmic rhyme file Umm.. I'm a big fan of the Soul But I'm trying to get this Roots shit in control So I hate when people say, "Umm - you remind me of De La Soul," cause I got a soul, of my own, and umm Yo The Roots are taking big steps and you can listen as we progress in Sometimes I might come to teach a lesson Other times it's with a crazy question like.. Yo.. whatever happened to Leonard Parts One to Five? Word up; I don't know, anyway, Roots up y'know Uhh, as we do it like this Roots up, Roots up Roots up, Roots up Roots up, Roots up Roots up, Roots up Roots up.. up, Roots up-up Roots up, Roots up-up Roots up, Roots up-up Roots up, Roots _Up From the Ground_ Roots up, Roots up with the sound Roots up, Roots _Up From the Ground_ Roots up, Roots gettin on down Roots up, dig it Roots up y'all, Roots up y'all Roots is up Roots is up Roots is up y'all Roots is up y'all, Roots is up y'all Roots is up Roots is up Roots is up y'all Roots is up.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: I'm Out Deah Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Uhh.. the molecular mass of that rhythmic ass grass is organic hip-hop jazz that you are all about to witness Groovy units check it owwwwt.. The nappy cat, Black Thought, digs the NasteeFatJazz Artifacts and cardiac cerebral action Retro is my Roots for my peoples with the plats and braids are twist clean, cuts or fros beneath the hats and do the dance, does I boogie backs to relax -- I does Concentrate, it's not be natural as the grass Hail the exit-in and let's begin yo take a dip and soul I spill the normal knot yo kid I got that for your ass Slips and I drips like butta Melodic mad noise if you dig it peace to ya If not, catch a lift to the level of my mental for a smidgen of my spirit just a little dab'll do ya Your butts to the cuts dig the buds of my killa Rememberin the hot, dolla parties of the cellar I'm deep, ghetto child of some chocolate, complected groovy head to toe, plus crazy cooler than vanilla I catch a slap five from my man, that's my mellow Unique style I speak be the goods that I petal I'm stoned blam, to the known, known around the city of Philly that's my home, for makin wack rappers settle It bein that I'm blem, kid I kicks, in the mix Rhythm be the quick, fix from the sticks of my Brother A lot of kids, diss these days I'm not amazed cause I pays no, mind and lift the roof off the, mutha Just because I'm out deah I say peace to all my peoples who be out deah To hip cats and nappy sweets you're crazy out deah Just like my Foreign Objects because you're out deah Just like that sister ? you know you're out deah Just like the man, Manifest, you know you're out deah Just like my cousin Shawn G, you're crazy out deah To Butterfly like dat, you know you're out deah to get up out! Brainiac, Black's the mind, color funk, fuse the gut I catch the what's when I kick it Mysterious the maker of the raps crazy naps so I lacks the cut, and got a fro but can't pick it C-Not's my nigga knows the news of the nappy cats Crowns and kicks, and how it ease the mind Yo freak freak ya don't ya don't stop Cause The Roots got the body rock shit with the twist for your spine, bring it back, UHH! Fat is my flow that's fluidic The critics ain't with it, then their domes is beneath We be the Funk, Four mind as one umm, Crumbs umm he told us peace, it was against his beliefs We couldn't live with him cool, with that out we gon' sprout the record of The Roots to show my attitude is out I'm on some crazy linear shit, takin a hit during my set to let, these niggaz know what I'm about I'm all about the funk, that's relaxed for your state of mind Snaps is cool, if layin back is the ever The unity of Bootsee's grin, growin, cause the juice began as just deuce, groovy flaves that taste, blam together I likes that, so doin Bobby Mick, ain't ridic', to this In fact, that's the pen, hey yo direct from The Tunnels Never Never via satellite Here comes The Roots, now dig the shits I said To all my peoples, cause I'm out deah Just like the group The Rhythmic Tricks because you're out deah And the group The Soul Plants yeah you're out deah Just like I said, Remedy is crazy out deah To ? and Tin-Tin, I think you're out deah And to my son whose name is Crumbs you know you're out deah I'm Black Thought to the beat and yo I'm out deah And yo my group is called The Roots because we're out deah to get up out 	Uhh, abstract organic artistry 	Thought is he, that I be 	Gravity does not hold me down 	As I rise from the ground into sound 	Melting browns drip like wax 	Building blocks, nappy cat 	Blazes acts, filling facts 	Mental sax, sweet mental sax 	Sweet mental horn, taking the physical form 	of a storm of abnorm-ality, re-ality's 	lo-cality, vo-cality, low calorie NOT 	I got the fat shit y'all 	I got the fat shit y'all 	I got the fat shit y'all 	I got the fat, shit, y'all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Popcorn Revisited Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (8X) Yo, I wrote this, basement, Never Never Tunnel type portion Just to accompany some audio distortion Bust the popcorn, drop it ons my cassette and Yo Crumbs, umm, how you feel? I hope it's blessed man Dig The Square Roots be the setters of examples Findin mad rhythm in the static of your samples Quick to make you move to my groove as I sooth the ear of the listener on the musical Prisoner G, now you're free you can be all you wanna be Go where you want or go and see all you wanna see Because yo, your ambitions I won't neglect And to them brothers who ain't here, nuff respect So BROther ?uest, how ya livin, what ya givin black? To me the brother with the linens and the applejacks; busy til the break of dawn The first verse is born I pass the popcorn Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Say what? Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Secondly, I speak for the ?uest from the S-Q-T (Square Roots) And I'm Black Thought, therefore you know it's funky The rhythms he recycles sometimes prehistoric The mic for the popcorn's like metaphoric (it's metaphoric baby) So many different factors in a ?uestion style Cause he's the father and he's giving more than one child The abstract soloist, drummin from the heart All the way from Philly in the West part Relax your mind and let your body be at rest Flow in slow mo', and let the BROther manifest Now the second verse has been born I'm Black Thought and I pass the popcorn On to Kid Crumb I pass the popcorn Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Say what? Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) From the Southern section of Philly my affection affiliates me with kids, from the store to pastry The Foreign Object, direct from ? with the skit that be rugged, it was the drumsticks and the buckets back in the days, now the Rubber Band plays to accompany ?uestion upon the drums and displays mad soul Soul be the source of the blam Roots fam as we grow and expand like the afro With menacing music seriously I'm sinister I shout, move about, turn it out like minister Diggin the flip-side when I slide I gets biz with mad melanin, chocolate, like a chip that's black man from the dark room with the mad raps homegrown Knots and knaps upon the dome from thinkin I'm sinkin in the sound cause I gets and got down Lettin Black Thought's out of lockdown, buckshot Lick it to the tick of my measure's on the Richter Grits getter so grab your sister I get wreck so check my respect from the wreck that I've gotten biting this'll make your fronts turn rotten The original, rock chewer, from a duo whatever called po' folkers or Crumbs, and his mouth broke Kids wanna laugh so I blast on your ass to - wait see Chase me and see if you catch the circular knot Style buckwild the acoustic boom Square Root of Black Thought broadcast with the popcorn It's like that y'all The popcorn popcorn as I pass y'all I go.. Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) C'mon Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) C'mon [ad libs to outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Peace Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Peaceful minds.. in a land of war Seek peace of mind, through mental peacefulness Peacefulness, peacefulness, peace-ful-ness is in the mind of the beholder Behold, my mental piece could shatter your peace, to pieces Pieces and portions of rhythmic distortion relax me The echos reverb and feedback of reality disturb my peace forcing me to retreat, to the below beneath Down a step and a step and a step and a step and a step beyond to a level of my own private, mystic, ritualistic, culturalistic sanity Yet some say that I am insane Is that not ironic? My soul not sonic as I flow through the tonic, of life I find that the strife behind, that pushes and pulls and pulls and pushes me into all of the bullshit that I experience from day to day is the reason.. for my search, or journey, or struggle to find.. the broken pieces of the sign that combine, to form the crooked line that we call.. peace y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Common Dust Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust (8X) Chorus: Black Thought (4X) It's Common Dust y'all, and you don't stop For you to trust y'all, with real hip-hop [Black Thought] Thought be the ? of the styles of speech A dusty head brother mighta saw the bleach Teach I aims not, just to talk my sense Damn I gives not, 'bout the consequence Funk the stylistics, and jazz the vibe Laughs at e-tudes cause I'm stayin alive Time I grips not, so it limps along Dust you, collect if you digs my song Paids and black braids what I aims to ease Connection L-7 throwin out the breeze Cool breeze to blow up cause I bust the shit I'm just a sun child rollin in a dustin ship It's like that y'all [Kid Crumbs] Thought's a Black miss you wanna catch the Crumbs When I hums a fat song, with derelicts and bums Smoke gems with the folk from the cellar when they come Mouth be like cotton, got sticks of gum Common spear-a-mint, it's like sense is Dust Accumulation much cause naps I got nuff Funk feeds the dome see the trees they wanna rise Out sprouts the ?, free to vocalize Old school highs I got, for your eyes Circulize never even though we lock together Ask the set I'm clever cause I'm severed and I'm pooped But anyway the wind blows, the Dust you gotta go Chorus [Kid Crumbs] It's like Crumbs stay at a mic, comes to and from the ashes Pass the what kid? L-7, we massive Jazz the funk, slow-be-poke, baby she be glass Puff the stuff you have now I recline and make you laugh Roots can boost knot and off the docks I rocked your riches The Edgar shit is locked, that's, if the force is with us Yeah, deeps pon the streets I reach, be the sound A pouch full of ouch, soon the freaks is freakin out, uhh Threes that make you shout, 'bout, ruckus on the corner Black, ?uest and Rubber, we did it in the summer Now the po' folk is near, they say I'm not a Square But when the circle's Root, Black see if I'll be there It's like that y'all [Black Thought] Dig it, cool for me I'm glad when I springs from pad To those with mad Dust I be just a lad Rock me rocks not cause my Thoughts is Black Sports the A-di-das plus my proton pack Accumulatin Dust as my trail mix crush Digs the naturale, baby flush the blush Yeah, when it roams, find your way back home And dig it with the kids with the Dust-y dome Soon your zigs roam when you brooms the scene Dust you gots not, cause your rooms is clean Trust I knows much cause I blows the horn It's Common Dust y'all, you go on and on Chorus w/ variations to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: The Session (Longest Posse Cut in History) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] From the Tunnels in the wee hours of the black morning From The Roots sprout the Foreign Objects family tree This is mad abstract All the way live from Philly, we got the hip-hop coalition called the Foreign Objects in effect It's like dat, now dig [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Trotter, a.k.a. [BT/Tariq Trotter] Well um, Black Thought from The Roots y'all [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Simmons, a.k.a. [AJ/Joseph Simmons] A.J. Shine, The Dollar Sign, funky bid'ness [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Pitts, a.k.a. [LA/Micah Pitts] Lord Akil, social misfit [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Greene, a.k.a. [MM/Tony Greene] Straight from Sector 6 it's Mr. Manifest [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Ms. Thompson, a.k.a. [SNM/Terresa Thompson] Shorty... pussy (Oooooh!) [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Cee, a.k.a. [Myself ? ? ?] Myself, me Myself and I [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Dorsey, a.k.a. [PP/Jamal Dorsey] Pazi Plant, The Soul Plant [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Armstead, a.k.a. [Bo/Conway Armstead] Bo-watt, The Rhythmic Priest [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Basset, a.k.a. [MB/Malik Basset] Malik Blizzunt, Foreign Objects [?uestion/Ahmir Thompson] Mr. Thompson, a.k.a. [B?/Ahmir Thompson] BROther ?uestion, from Square Roots y'all (yeah, ha-hah) [BROther ?uestion] And we the Foreign Objects (yeah, yeah) And it's like this.. Now get loose, get loose, Malik B get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Malik Blunt] Yes, I will address and press about my microphone me-ssiah, am the best siah? Yes-I am most quick to go because I'm equipped to flow a script I will just slay and disobey, I will display banana clips that slaughter with the words and the herds of the verbs I gots the urge to splurge, like a Bosnian Serb A-drift I means a-draft I means I riff I means I raff Rap's ca-tas-trophe, don't want no brass tro-phy So okey-dokey folks, most provoke me ? so hold your ? was willin, cause I'm strollin with the quotes Like Shakespeare, Mark Twain, or Edgar Allan Poe But since I'm a ne-gro, I flows like Maya Ange-lou No banja-lo was played, I means banjo betrayed so the guitar, had to take the bitch off, and slay You might think I'm a rookie or an amateur, but put me on a panel or a channel I'll dismantle like the vandal-er I meants to say the scandalous, vandalous, handle this like my man Emilio, what y'all should really know You couldn't get the picture, if you was in an orchard or fortress, (so you niggaz better forfeit) [BROther ?uestion] Now get loose, get loose, ? get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [? ? ?] Picture this as I get rugged with the scrpiture Evacuatin scenes, spreadin thoughts like a drifter I exit through my state of greater elevation, unifying grains through the force of the imagination, you dig what I'm saying? But I see your mind's playing tricks You thought you got the channel but you couldn't get a fix upon my mental -- I keep it complicated Explosion of the spirit cause I opened up my soul and created So now you dig the flavor, you're tasting what I gave ya Seeping through the cellar cause I be the freak of nature With, the images that I hold in my head I be the kid from the Fifth, so y'all holding what I've said I've said, I be the omnipresent factor from the void Fatter is the flow, so my styling is employed I'm ragged, pants worn bagged, and umm the ghetto be my home so I shouts to the slum Come, the misfit's got a tale, take you on a mad trip The thoughts unveil I'm too deep, you sinks down, I creeps round, the lowest of the levels, the positive raps that kill devils The abstracts, right and exact, knapsack's on the back Rip poetical flows upon the track My thoughts escape onto a tape, you'll play it back and listen, I brought to your mind what's missing [BROther ?uestion] Now get loose, get loose, Pazi Plant get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Pazi Plant] I'm hip to release ill units, I displays major soul The ? out, so soul stays rhythmatic to the static when it plays, levels from the bass They chase but they'll never catch my patt-er-ns Soul surrounds this Plant like the rings upon Sa-tur-n Yo, I'm fatter than many, came to kick away any job Umm, cat, conniver if it's abstract I'm liable take portion cause I'll fly that head ? Dig the jazz that's closets from the Paz be-low bugged Groovy like the nickel bag of love, slidin through the groovy fuzz, Plants is the buzz Mad abornmal, is my flow, much confusion, enhanced in My scenario's too advanced'n, for duplication If it's violation, soul power, will shower ya defenses now you're falling, and crawling Cause your styles are infantile not poetically correct to test I'm laughin at ya, lyrical stature, cause my status be that is the coolest kid to do a bid on fakers with the grammar that be blamma, back in eighty-three I was the Grand Fruit Jammer, but now I gets down and wreck shit with the Foreign Objects.. Yeah that's right, the Foreign Objects [BROther ?uestion] Ahhh yeah, now two check, two check Now check it out, now check it out Get loose, get loose, Myself ? ? ? get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Myself ? ? ?] Kinda like, ? catch, of the day is mad wreck I raise heck, no raise hell, you plays back, your tape's ill Show me just exactly what it is you want, I give you what we got We got flow, we got soul, we get off, a lot So lock up, your doors, cause I'm Busting Loose like Richard Pryor, setting stuff on fire We got funky, rhymes Stuff you had swinging, like a monkey, I'm always hanging 'round, living off of Vine as in West Philly, 56th Street The kids be getting jay'd on the corner Swing my hat to the back, Kangol, no maybe 5 Soul Not no bootleg treat, you get from 52nd Street, word up Word to life, word is bond, word to God I'm like the bean he's like a bean I guess the stage is like a pod, ain't with no metamorphosistically I kiss a licorice and any miss I wish to kiss or else I diss like this So I step to the left, drop the mic, catch my breath then, watch the Foreign Object catch wreck, uhh [BROther ?uestion] Get loose, get loose, Shorty get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Shorty No Mas] Can I kicks it? I kicks it for the others so I kick it for you I gotta nag a dog and note to Billy - I gets down Sound's got a lot I got my own I'm throwin passes Asses are grabbed, when I swing with The Roots Suits, I got none, but throwin off that accoutrements ever since I winced at the thought of a dress Yes you might be wantin to consider me a tomboy Boy get it right, I'm still strictly lovin men Send me your love, don't ever think I don't need it Shit I got problems, can you help me out? Shout a little louder if you're sure that you hear me Fear me not, I'm just another average girl Curls in my head, and yeah I think I look good Should I be the one, to break the bad news? Snooze when I'm tired, not when I'm hype, your type Yo I just came off! [BROther ?uestion] Get loose, get loose, Manifest get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Mr. Manifest] Introducing lyrics for the year of ninety-three The black brainchild is about to kick the groovy speak out the head, provided for the hardrocks Here to resurrect the ghetto beats for the blocks You can dig the styles cause the styles are for the digging A fat sack of soul, that's how the Sector roll Never making fake material, why should I? The mind is so equipped to rip, so why would I give you less than that, you in fact, this is where it's at cause lyrics I've provided is about to swing the bat and shake up the levels from New York to Montego It's all about the lyrics, it's not about the ego Quick to make a jam and slam sound like the pro that I am It's profound, like the kids from the underground Every single lyric is prepared, in the hunt for the metro with scoops of fat loops and funky lingo Level's being felt, all over in the fifty states Breaking more beats than my moms breaks the china plates Transmitting, hitting areas we freak with funk when we come to planet Earth, with a trunk of fat, soul Alert doing work on the everyday Here to bring the swing like my man Donny Hathaway Just, follow the dotted line, and do what we do Because you gotta get a grip, if you want your shit [BROther ?uestion] Now get loose, get loose, Lord Akil get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Lord Akil] Umm, from the Southern side of Philly yet of The Roots there comes me, who? The janky little brother of Mr. Bruce A jazz kickin kid who flows, like the river Jordan Not fond of Honda scooters, but I'll take an Accord and zoom right through your borough, because I'm crazy thorough No offspring running 'round but no my penile is not sterile Collects the crazy papes from, selling crazy tapes, umm Big heads be gettin swollen, I crush em just like grapes The level that I'm zoning, the one that's on the third Eatin buds or mad grass that gets you HIGHER than a bird Kinks, be in the head, cause I leave the curls to Jheri Got mad souls out the ass with shit, fat like William Perry A poor black kid with rhythm, a eye for jazzy beats Straight from the underground, found new life on the South Streets We ? off the jams that will uplift the people's souls Cause the Objects that are Foreign, the kids with baggy clothes are the cats that I'm coolin with, when we be together Two and two equals four but Foreign Objects be forever So, just let me flow as I reach up to the next plateau And then you'll give me my respect Uhh, cause I'm a Foreign Object [BROther ?uestion] Now get loose, get loose, A.J. Shine get loose And just rock heart-beat showin you got the juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [A.J. Shine] First off, I'm burstin off shots of gab and gettin lifted by the gift, I start to jab The rhymes that I grab send schools to the slab As I write scores, the funky orator's gone on some next ish lookin for the next fish with a wish that used to be a duck but now you're stuck dumbstruck Trying to hang but you can't swim I think you're fucked You traded in your blues for boom, tap shoes I do shows and change all opposing views I get down, I go up as I blow up cause I got this O.M.B. rhyme you can't defuse Yeahhh, here to rock all of you rockers When I carry the ball, I stay be-hind my blockers I move swift, I needs no lift I don't have to riff because I shift the gift and now my name is Joseph Simmons, but I'm not Run With the mic in my hand, I've only just begun to hold mine, I'ma goldmine plus a ton The way I shine, I be the rising sun, huh! How many times must I have to say this I never miss yo when I display? From styles I paint the funky picture I portray and before I hit the court I made it my forte cause I got this, you can come and get this, cause my method is the most and I boast so you can bet this is like the best of the rest of the flock And now you're walkin down the hallways of the Always Jock Abbreviated A.J. here for the day Bustin rhymes in your face while I'm fadin away It's like that y'all, and ya don't stop The funky Bid on the root with the hip-hop [Black Thought] Now.. get loose, get loose, ?uestion get loose And, rock heart-beat showin YOU got juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [BROther ?uestion] It's me the BROther ?uestion on the M-I-C to flow To bust a fat rat-a-tat rhyme one mo' gen' I'm flexin with my mental verbalistic chocolate Sucker know you're listenin so please get off of it A score and two years ago began the ?uestion's mission South of 52nd Street, on ? and anybody wanna diss the sure shot body rock fresh flowin dude, we can take it to the stage Sucker, Foreign Objects coming soon From the rat cave to a room with a view My brother's B.G., and my band is Josh U And the stank whole rhythmic funk, plus my nuc' You can comprehend the verbal letters that I send Ahh, ooooh, ahhhh, like Boyz II Men I don't have a Benz-y shoes are walkin like Jimmy Make em say, "Yo ?uestion's demi," make em squeal like ? Man, yo, I jams on every gram Move out the way, I gets on, rockin round the clock In school I used to doodle, nowadays I use my noodle And I'll be rockin planets, and soon I'm livin fatter I'm a levelheaded son who knows where I came from Umm, lights, camera... ?uestion [? ? ?] Get loose, get loose, Black Thought get loose And just rock heartbeat showin you got the juice And have fun (HAVE FUN) have fun (HAVE FUN) Have, HAVE, HAVE FUN!!!! [Black Thought] Well umm, yik-yik yak-yak, chi-chi-chi-ka-SPLACK Thoughts that I stutter and brother that I left back behind Lines of swine I'm qualified for groovy stew achoo I caught the boogie like the flu and God Bless the Black Cardiac cerebral abstract cathedral The mental is the temple and the central sees you tryin to flam! Man I catch a lift like Bob Mar-ley, and par-lay On airy clouds I drop, bombs like a Sau-di, Arabian Flocks I rocks like Fabian It's the nipple sex upon the grits that call me baby and run a finger, through the knaps of the rap, singer that pull a scat, from the stack, that I keep in the shack of my soul, bring the bowl I got the flat out good That's why I'm dug by the hippies plus the pimps and hoods in the slum, could I umm, come, should I umm, come Yes I does, and gets down said I wasn't know that I was but they gel, that's why they blow up cause they didn't give spect to the erector of the Foreign Object, I collect, to preserve Plus develop and envelop in The Roots of rhyme Yo that's the end of the line, I got mine, and I'm out [Brother ?uestion] A-ha! Ahh, suki suki now It's the Brother ?uestion and now you know how it is when the Foreign Objects get wreck Like that, yeah, ha ha ha And we out y'all, and we out y'all And we out y'all, and we out y'all And we out y'all... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! / From the Ground Up (Import) Song: Distortion to Static Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Black Thought] Yo, I'm every MC, it's all in me That's the way it is, when ya gotta be Indeed as I distort I proceed, indeed Gettin hotter than sacks of boom, in my room at the Ramada For tanks in your memory banks to fill up I provide the static, with scratch to match, while you catch the vibe Most can play high post, but yo that don't mean shit Because my click'll make a motherfucker sick I flips, redder than pork, comin to New York to mix (It's Bob Powers) With the snares and kicks to fix Rhythmatically, you got ta be, static-y Magiccally I appear, spark a L and drink a beer With air smooth, takin niggaz loot with dice then shoot The Roots, poetic, courageously kinetic Vagabond, versatile and various, plus rap styles of mine are blunt, pain is in the mind, so I'm fine and five Foot seven, inches in height My mission to strike mics and lighten your tights Frightening, like lightning Flourescent, incandescent, evervescently I represent, Foreign Objects and Ill Elements Very relevant, plus intelligently managin matter that's makin tracks fatter, revolve around Saturn like rings and brings swings, when I sings with bass Then distort up in your face like mace Bustin your dreams like gats with loaded magazines I'm on the rap scene, repellin fellas like a vaccine As I, rocks from under blunderin I'm not, lyrically Ya get, shot, get caught so distort with Thought, for real It's the illest out the Phi, short for Philidelph-iada-fly Money makin move fakin I isn't Niggaz can nah front, I'm poetically exquisite Wicked, with the visit while you're wonderin what is it Dig it, yo my mellow um whattup for the night (Malik B, get on the mic, get on the mic) Like that y'all, and yo I'm flowin, my part of the song It's goin, it's goin, it's gone [Verse Two: Malik B] Now, go get your dictionary and your Pictionary Cause much affliction with my diction friction slips and carries Words and herds like some cattle in the steeple People, there's no equal, or no sequel So policies, of equalities, get abolished Demolished, distortion of the static's gettin polished Urges of splurge and words will just be merged Together, damn it's quite clever, however You never, can sound alike, lyrics don't be poundin like These, troops, who be's, Roots Insult ya, mellow by culture, rhythmatic vulture Approach ya, with Magnetic shit that's Ultra I make MC's dangle like a bangle Strangle from every angle, my lingo jingles and it jangles under Kangols Nahh them niggaz don't want to tangle Cause Roots get loose, negroes get juiced like the mango To be particular, extra-curricular, for pleasure Measure, in any weather, value more than the treasure Baby, you're sayin maybe, then comin to flex Now you wonder what's next... {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots  Album: Do You Want More?!??!!  Song: Mellow My Man  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [BlackThought] One two Yes, The Roots layin back, rela-xin Coolin out with my man Malik B we call him Sla-xon YaknowhatI'msayin? We in effect Mo like Al B. Sure, for your plea-sure Aiyyo bust it We about to flip it on some ol' laid back, mellow my man tip We gon' set it like this Yo check it Bust it, La Di Da Di, who likes to party like Slick Rick the Ruler I'm cooler than a ice brick Got soul like those afro picks, with the black fist And leave a crowd drippin like John the Baptist, it's the cause of that "Oh shit!" The skits I kick, flows like catfish and got many emcees on the blacklist I'm sharp as a cactus plus, quick to bust gymnastic tactics Us, Roots is really true to that rap shit Now holla to the scholarly, street skats that follow me Back to the Soul Shack with packs of rap colonies Max that, Foreign Objects is mad abstract, make Shadrach offender wanna go like Meshach, Black Thought the nappy cat a bookworm shoe styles like sperm Cool as Malcolm Little with conch a la perm burn The herb sticks like wicks, and flips when I slaps the hand of my mellow my man, Malik B [Malik B] Here I goes, negroes best to know the flower The pro-fessional, best in those skills that kills so uhh.. WHOA, slow down before you go down (sissy) Trixie this is Agatha Christie your slain and know now Next contender, Malik's the axe offender Critique me so uniquely with mystique that's so deep within the microphones I grip, psych with poems so's I slits throats Put him in a quote, when he croaks They sayin -- isn't it, is it the negro that did it? Cause wreck with the tech, make you jump and say 'ribbit' I exhibit many forms, prohibit the corny forms (And we're in, your neighborhood) on the norms Capture, was to, whack ya Manu-facture, you can even ask Anita about the, rap-ture I figured, perhaps ya, a say it SLAM for my mellow my man Chorus: BlackThought The way we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow my man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man No no we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man [BlackThought] Yo, I got spunk, plus funk and Jump Like Punks, to Get Beat Down turn that heat down, I'm crazy cool Deeper than the pool than Wilt the Stilt damn near drowned in clowns bounce to sound when Thoughts pound and brown's, my complexion section Southern my brother-in is Jex, I sweats no sex, cause this kid gets grits n shit, it's flex to drains that was crazed when your heart spit up, dip dup damn Yo I lost it but -- -- back is the Black Boogey Man Manic mad musician, maker of noise that's jocked, by your homeboys I rocks my flocks of sheep, it's the slickest shepherd around I was lost but was found, now I gets down from Philly to the Apple I, stop and holla tunes and then hit Up-town, Diggin Planets when they get Earthbound I kick the groovy tunes for you and yours, when I pass the can to my mellow my man, Malik B [Malik B] WHOAHHHHH, shucks, my nuc snuff ducks (uh-huh) Abruptly I erupt, to destruct, deducts In wax I like to smack em, stroke em as I cap em Change my name to Saran or Reynolds then I Wrap em Negroes know we be furrow to my borough cause my ass is so thorough, like Levert Gerald Too strong to be sterile So I impregnates the greats (say what?) Bust the Pacino's, I won't trust them even though I lust them shapes -- females for retail prices Twice this nice, this witch sure does her spices I won't smirk, cause my name's not Urkel The voice with the multiple choice, she does a circle You wanna turn and page your eyes, and try to plagerize but I degrade ya, slaughtered ya and slayed ya Microphones I grip equipped to flip the hyp-ocrites and nit-wits, with tidbit skits, them ain't *shhh* That was a curse, but I divide it in half Gets the airplay, no fair play, you're feelin the wrath of Malik, aiyyo get tragic, negroes that get dramatic Because I have the habit to smoke rabbits like a addict So if you can not rap I will just slap YOU If you wants to pick up on your nose be shows the chrome and then we cap, YOU It's too bad, dem cyan't understand de true check for my mellow my man Chorus: BlackThought The way we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow my man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man No no we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man I think it's for my mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man my mellow my man my mellow my man my mellow my man For Scott Storch, my mellow my man Leonard Hubbard on the bass, my mellow my man B.R.O.T.H.E.R. ? on the drums, my mellow my man Gotta end it on the one, my mellow my man Check it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Datskat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (4X) Di-bi-dis-banks, hip-flip-a-didip-didim-dow-hound You wonder bout the sweat pon my brow, formulatin nouns I'll get down, boogie brother rock on, right on, right on The brown, rhymer organically grown, I've shown, while sip-pida-didip-styles and proceed, to flow You know I'm flyer than G.I. so yo Joe Fuck, I run amuck, cause I'm the father of the fattest skatter Black is intellectual, cat that is perpetually ritually catchin wreck, don't step, I cut ya I mix the Sector 6 and now I knowledge butter words to prop up Afrika Bambaataa, a lotta, brother is out there waitin on that new shit, well this is how we do kid The levels is correct one-two, call in a blunt too The front two, run through, good for you Brand new styles like Kung-Fu And rip this from the front to the back To all my peoples where you at I know you dig it when I kick Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (8X) Wadibi-dee-doo-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop Skiggy-dang, skiggy-dang, you knows we gonna rock and don't stop, just droppin off my bags you fags When you define, the word behind, deserves you lags We blast off like launchers, launchin off the rockets If you bugs, if you act like plugs, you're gettin pulled out of sockets, the extra-curricular particularly this miraculous in lyrics they be callin me Jesus Please just call me Maliq I'm not a prophet Pass me a topic and I'll drop it Because it gets, hairier, never marry or flurries a throne To hell with a boy upon the microphone will be convenient, I'm never bein lenient on them folk who gonna slow-up cause they a dope But a-bi-dee-doo-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop We makin touchdowns, cause we knockin butts down, so Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Do You Want More?!!!??! Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Black Thought: Well I'm a fly Philly nigga, finger on the trigga MCs repent from sins, God's comin again Original (what?), visionary individual Original (what?), visionary individual I proceed, as I give ya whatcha need Like I'm a medical doctor, watch the damage  I inflict properly, ain't nobody risin on top of me I be droppin more plot in my mic monopoly Got to be, got to be reality, Stevie Wonder see Black Thought be me, I groove ba-by Or I clue they say baby Would you get with this? Not even maybe It's the mister gravy and shit To explain what's goin on inside my brain You're scared, jealous No analyst can maintain or handle this... Mind train, yo I'm on some old snap a rapper neck shit You know what I'm sayin? So niggaz best get out of my path Kid, I'm on point like a gat The basket case, I waste MCs with rapture taste Facing these leads to cats diminished They be pullin the mic out that ass when I get finished Administrative assistant I'm not, yo, I'm the principal Nigga, takin shots, like I'm invincible  Figure me to be hardcore, my input cuts your jaw For real, for short, do you want more?!!!??! Yo, Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  South Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  North Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  G-Town in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Mount Airy in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Oaklane in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Lodan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Jersey in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Uptown in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Brooklyn in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Manhattan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  The Boogie Down in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  L.I. in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on, Queens in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  DC in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Coast in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Down South in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  London in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Germany in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Tokyo in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Africa in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Puerto Rico in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Yeah, we in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on (*beatbox scratch* You want more, an encore)(until end) (Do you want more?!!!??!)(repeated 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!??! Song: Proceed Typed by: OHHLA.com Just think, what if you could just, just blink yourself away? Just think, what if you could just, just blink yourself away? Jeff X can rock the mic with tooth decay I be the 5 foot 7, residing at the mecca lesson south section Used to cut class in the infinite pursuit of ass Back in eighty-seven Easy with the chics I was a chocolate boy Raised in the cellar with the rhythm like Ella Walking down the streets to the subway where i lay Til the train stop then a nigga hop Used to do the pop dance to the planet rock At the block party everybody jocked [who me?] It's the MC sucka niggaz envy I got my contract in 1993 and  I shall proceed Chorus: repeat 2X I shall, proceed And continue, to rock the mic Verse Two: I wake up early in the morning, I mean early afternoon Break a lyrical hymn of the stem like boom I'm flyer when I'm higher put my shit up on a tomb That nigga represented on the 28th of June I'm representing philly on the 28th of June I can make you feel that i'm a surreal cartoon with my pistol in the face of hip hop, stick in your face Because i'm on a paper chase, yes i'm on a paper chase My Timberlands are fully laced I be the Mr. Boogeyman  With records from 125th to Japan I laid them play like Johnny Hathaway and shake a hand, shake a hand Your lady tried to kick it, but I couldn't play my man My niggaz is my niggaz ya see she didn't understand I shake your hand and shit'll hit the fan, just think Just think, what? What if you could, just blink, what? Just blink yourself away? Chorus Verse Three: Malik B get on the mic yo there's too much on my mind [say what?] Malik get on the mic, there's too much on my mind Johnny on the spot, got the rhythm and the rhyme Fuckin with The Roots you know them niggaz is the dime I can make a hundred yard line start to dash I can make a whole lake of fish start to splash I can make Conan and the Titans clash I can Metallica and guns 'N Roses crash Used to smash crash parties like i was disturbed Used to make plots against the herringbone herb But now, all I do disperse the verb And like a nerd i can make you say, "He's superb" Word is perfect, never ever shall you misinterpret I move styles like bowels so now you know i'm worth it Direct from Philly, the lands where niggas scheme So you know I got the sheen in my gleam Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! / From the Ground Up (Import) Song: Distortion to Static Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Black Thought] Yo, I'm every MC, it's all in me That's the way it is, when ya gotta be Indeed as I distort I proceed, indeed Gettin hotter than sacks of boom, in my room at the Ramada For tanks in your memory banks to fill up I provide the static, with scratch to match, while you catch the vibe Most can play high post, but yo that don't mean shit Because my click'll make a motherfucker sick I flips, redder than pork, comin to New York to mix (It's Bob Powers) With the snares and kicks to fix Rhythmatically, you got ta be, static-y Magiccally I appear, spark a L and drink a beer With air smooth, takin niggaz loot with dice then shoot The Roots, poetic, courageously kinetic Vagabond, versatile and various, plus rap styles of mine are blunt, pain is in the mind, so I'm fine and five Foot seven, inches in height My mission to strike mics and lighten your tights Frightening, like lightning Flourescent, incandescent, evervescently I represent, Foreign Objects and Ill Elements Very relevant, plus intelligently managin matter that's makin tracks fatter, revolve around Saturn like rings and brings swings, when I sings with bass Then distort up in your face like mace Bustin your dreams like gats with loaded magazines I'm on the rap scene, repellin fellas like a vaccine As I, rocks from under blunderin I'm not, lyrically Ya get, shot, get caught so distort with Thought, for real It's the illest out the Phi, short for Philidelph-iada-fly Money makin move fakin I isn't Niggaz can nah front, I'm poetically exquisite Wicked, with the visit while you're wonderin what is it Dig it, yo my mellow um whattup for the night (Malik B, get on the mic, get on the mic) Like that y'all, and yo I'm flowin, my part of the song It's goin, it's goin, it's gone [Verse Two: Malik B] Now, go get your dictionary and your Pictionary Cause much affliction with my diction friction slips and carries Words and herds like some cattle in the steeple People, there's no equal, or no sequel So policies, of equalities, get abolished Demolished, distortion of the static's gettin polished Urges of splurge and words will just be merged Together, damn it's quite clever, however You never, can sound alike, lyrics don't be poundin like These, troops, who be's, Roots Insult ya, mellow by culture, rhythmatic vulture Approach ya, with Magnetic shit that's Ultra I make MC's dangle like a bangle Strangle from every angle, my lingo jingles and it jangles under Kangols Nahh them niggaz don't want to tangle Cause Roots get loose, negroes get juiced like the mango To be particular, extra-curricular, for pleasure Measure, in any weather, value more than the treasure Baby, you're sayin maybe, then comin to flex Now you wonder what's next... {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots  Album: Do You Want More?!??!!  Song: Mellow My Man  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [BlackThought] One two Yes, The Roots layin back, rela-xin Coolin out with my man Malik B we call him Sla-xon YaknowhatI'msayin? We in effect Mo like Al B. Sure, for your plea-sure Aiyyo bust it We about to flip it on some ol' laid back, mellow my man tip We gon' set it like this Yo check it Bust it, La Di Da Di, who likes to party like Slick Rick the Ruler I'm cooler than a ice brick Got soul like those afro picks, with the black fist And leave a crowd drippin like John the Baptist, it's the cause of that "Oh shit!" The skits I kick, flows like catfish and got many emcees on the blacklist I'm sharp as a cactus plus, quick to bust gymnastic tactics Us, Roots is really true to that rap shit Now holla to the scholarly, street skats that follow me Back to the Soul Shack with packs of rap colonies Max that, Foreign Objects is mad abstract, make Shadrach offender wanna go like Meshach, Black Thought the nappy cat a bookworm shoe styles like sperm Cool as Malcolm Little with conch a la perm burn The herb sticks like wicks, and flips when I slaps the hand of my mellow my man, Malik B [Malik B] Here I goes, negroes best to know the flower The pro-fessional, best in those skills that kills so uhh.. WHOA, slow down before you go down (sissy) Trixie this is Agatha Christie your slain and know now Next contender, Malik's the axe offender Critique me so uniquely with mystique that's so deep within the microphones I grip, psych with poems so's I slits throats Put him in a quote, when he croaks They sayin -- isn't it, is it the negro that did it? Cause wreck with the tech, make you jump and say 'ribbit' I exhibit many forms, prohibit the corny forms (And we're in, your neighborhood) on the norms Capture, was to, whack ya Manu-facture, you can even ask Anita about the, rap-ture I figured, perhaps ya, a say it SLAM for my mellow my man Chorus: BlackThought The way we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow my man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man No no we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man [BlackThought] Yo, I got spunk, plus funk and Jump Like Punks, to Get Beat Down turn that heat down, I'm crazy cool Deeper than the pool than Wilt the Stilt damn near drowned in clowns bounce to sound when Thoughts pound and brown's, my complexion section Southern my brother-in is Jex, I sweats no sex, cause this kid gets grits n shit, it's flex to drains that was crazed when your heart spit up, dip dup damn Yo I lost it but -- -- back is the Black Boogey Man Manic mad musician, maker of noise that's jocked, by your homeboys I rocks my flocks of sheep, it's the slickest shepherd around I was lost but was found, now I gets down from Philly to the Apple I, stop and holla tunes and then hit Up-town, Diggin Planets when they get Earthbound I kick the groovy tunes for you and yours, when I pass the can to my mellow my man, Malik B [Malik B] WHOAHHHHH, shucks, my nuc snuff ducks (uh-huh) Abruptly I erupt, to destruct, deducts In wax I like to smack em, stroke em as I cap em Change my name to Saran or Reynolds then I Wrap em Negroes know we be furrow to my borough cause my ass is so thorough, like Levert Gerald Too strong to be sterile So I impregnates the greats (say what?) Bust the Pacino's, I won't trust them even though I lust them shapes -- females for retail prices Twice this nice, this witch sure does her spices I won't smirk, cause my name's not Urkel The voice with the multiple choice, she does a circle You wanna turn and page your eyes, and try to plagerize but I degrade ya, slaughtered ya and slayed ya Microphones I grip equipped to flip the hyp-ocrites and nit-wits, with tidbit skits, them ain't *shhh* That was a curse, but I divide it in half Gets the airplay, no fair play, you're feelin the wrath of Malik, aiyyo get tragic, negroes that get dramatic Because I have the habit to smoke rabbits like a addict So if you can not rap I will just slap YOU If you wants to pick up on your nose be shows the chrome and then we cap, YOU It's too bad, dem cyan't understand de true check for my mellow my man Chorus: BlackThought The way we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow my man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man No no we do it like this That, for my mellow my man It's like that for my mellow man No no we do it like that This, for my mellow my man It's like this for my mellow my man I think it's for my mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man, uhh My mellow my man, right My mellow my man my mellow my man my mellow my man my mellow my man For Scott Storch, my mellow my man Leonard Hubbard on the bass, my mellow my man B.R.O.T.H.E.R. ? on the drums, my mellow my man Gotta end it on the one, my mellow my man Check it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: I Remain Calm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I remain calm, lyrically I got the bomb when you put me on, I remain calm (repeat 4X) [Malik B] It's the 'I remain calm' but for jurge to erk Come out my humble go berzerk and make you swallow your smirk I splurge most and bash, capacitate mass I fascinate as I assassinate and show task Characters and egos, get crushed in trust And my words stampede like herds in a dusk Cream of all crops, topics I drop ? When heated up, I gets hotter cause I'm proper You never knew the levitude the clever few Different tax for revenue man if you ever knew the tac-tic, strategies, of word, ca-pa-bil-ities Display, de-cease the rhythm, and man how it swerved and curved Made a niggaz dream but his hope deferred then stirred Dig the mentals, Papermate, Bic's and Number 2 pencils My credentials blow on instrumentals I write an anthem throw a tantrum and remain handsome Mysterious vibes, like I was the phantom Erupt abruptly, then conduct amaze You're fucked when the lyrics get bucked because I graze Never animosity, on my property Niggaz acropoly, or they feel extreme monstrosity Wreakin leak out the verbals ? don't forget it The chief of edit then Malik'll shred it yeah I said it I remain calm, lyrically I got the bomb when you put me on, I remain calm (repeat 4X) [Black Thought] That nigga Thought flows like a river I deliver styles like Domino's, eyes closed I inhale equality follow me now son Listen my divisions advance I surpass one half the rap mass the other half, want my autograph, because I got soul plus a ghetto stroll similar to Shaft It's the mic rapers, splittin Phillies in the cellar My acapella verse, can stomp, I delete comp My rated X, larynx, wrecks your context I'm complex, confusin, lyrically amusin, I drink brews then when I'm groovin I'm no longer human I'd like to take this time to give a shout to all the money makers in the house galore they help me turn it out I whip the cap to the max, I'm laid back, like your gramps I make, niggaz embarrased like they spendin food stamps I take, my time when I rhyme lovely, me nah like ugly like, God we get odd to the rhythms Rappers thinkin of steppin up, what the fuck you're doin? I amplify the hymn to bring your empire to ruin Who's your girl screwin fellas? Jealous because I'm fly Keep my sneakers dry, when you cry-baby See I can have you headin for the border like a ReFugee from Haiti Aiyyo, this brother drivin my cab, tried to flip, saying "Pay me in advance" -- I asked him if he ever danced in the dark, with the rap devil, Black Thought See niggaz who get caught off guard remain scarred into air, with headphones remainin on the domes, they hair I resound and astound and scare, I reign terror into another nigga rap era, my rhymes sedate I lubricate, like aloe vera I'm extreme, restin in the land of the plot and the scheme Peace to ? Rock and the Equal Team I remain calm, lyrically I got the bomb when you put me on, I remain calm (repeat 12X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Datskat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (4X) Di-bi-dis-banks, hip-flip-a-didip-didim-dow-hound You wonder bout the sweat pon my brow, formulatin nouns I'll get down, boogie brother rock on, right on, right on The brown, rhymer organically grown, I've shown, while sip-pida-didip-styles and proceed, to flow You know I'm flyer than G.I. so yo Joe Fuck, I run amuck, cause I'm the father of the fattest skatter Black is intellectual, cat that is perpetually ritually catchin wreck, don't step, I cut ya I mix the Sector 6 and now I knowledge butter words to prop up Afrika Bambaataa, a lotta, brother is out there waitin on that new shit, well this is how we do kid The levels is correct one-two, call in a blunt too The front two, run through, good for you Brand new styles like Kung-Fu And rip this from the front to the back To all my peoples where you at I know you dig it when I kick Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (8X) Wadibi-dee-doo-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop Skiggy-dang, skiggy-dang, you knows we gonna rock and don't stop, just droppin off my bags you fags When you define, the word behind, deserves you lags We blast off like launchers, launchin off the rockets If you bugs, if you act like plugs, you're gettin pulled out of sockets, the extra-curricular particularly this miraculous in lyrics they be callin me Jesus Please just call me Maliq I'm not a prophet Pass me a topic and I'll drop it Because it gets, hairier, never marry or flurries a throne To hell with a boy upon the microphone will be convenient, I'm never bein lenient on them folk who gonna slow-up cause they a dope But a-bi-dee-doo-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop We makin touchdowns, cause we knockin butts down, so Datskat! I know you dig it when I kick it baby! (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Lazy Afternoon Typed by: mark@mark.cowcud.co.uk Chorus ------ It's a lazy afternoon (Summertime, as I recline, lay back and relax, let the sun shine) Verse 1 ------- [Black Thought] Consider this a message to my mellow in the front seat of the Jeep pumpin' beats for your rump In the summertime I'm risin' to the shine at 12:20 Ghetto streets are sunny, niggas is gettin' money It's mad hot, and what I got to do I'm not sure of I call up Maura, this dip I know from Bora Bora Was rappin' for a second about what I reckoned that I was doin' at six, she was invitin' me to the flicks That I'm with, blew a kiss Now I'm in the shower I meant the bath in which I simmer for half an hour Then got drier, put on attire to inspire Hit my dresser for numbers of women that I admire Laid around and lounged 'til around two Then I got up and ate, drank a brew and caught a page from the crew sayin' "Where ya at? Later, meet us up at the Plat Bring a sack, ayo it's Saturday, it's gonna be fat" Now it's 3:37 and I still ain't left the rest Electric Relaxation from A Tribe Called Quest with the boom, tokin', smokin', coolin' out as I parlay in my room 'cause it's a lazy afternoon Other verses as Verse 1, with the following variations: Verse 2: "this dip I knew from Bora Bora"    "'cause it's a lazy aaaaaahh!" (dental style :-) Verse 3: " I'm in the shower"    "a page from my crew"    "Bring a sack, nigga, it's Saturday" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Do You Want More?!!!??! Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Black Thought: Well I'm a fly Philly nigga, finger on the trigga MCs repent from sins, God's comin again Original (what?), visionary individual Original (what?), visionary individual I proceed, as I give ya whatcha need Like I'm a medical doctor, watch the damage  I inflict properly, ain't nobody risin on top of me I be droppin more plot in my mic monopoly Got to be, got to be reality, Stevie Wonder see Black Thought be me, I groove ba-by Or I clue they say baby Would you get with this? Not even maybe It's the mister gravy and shit To explain what's goin on inside my brain You're scared, jealous No analyst can maintain or handle this... Mind train, yo I'm on some old snap a rapper neck shit You know what I'm sayin? So niggaz best get out of my path Kid, I'm on point like a gat The basket case, I waste MCs with rapture taste Facing these leads to cats diminished They be pullin the mic out that ass when I get finished Administrative assistant I'm not, yo, I'm the principal Nigga, takin shots, like I'm invincible  Figure me to be hardcore, my input cuts your jaw For real, for short, do you want more?!!!??! Yo, Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  South Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  North Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  G-Town in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Mount Airy in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Oaklane in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Lodan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Jersey in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Uptown in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Brooklyn in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Manhattan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  The Boogie Down in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  L.I. in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on, Queens in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  DC in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Coast in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Down South in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  London in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Germany in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Tokyo in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Africa in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Puerto Rico in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Yeah, we in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on (*beatbox scratch* You want more, an encore)(until end) (Do you want more?!!!??!)(repeated 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: What Goes On Pt. 7 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) [Black Thought] Yo, niggaz can not see me, can not be me or capture the metaphoric phrase blasted off stage when I tour I am but a messanger born to blow up My niggaz knew it all the time, lyrically I was a dime At the age of nine, shorty Black, could rhyme On the mic I never wasted time, I'm, the exquisite wizard when I visit shorties I hit it I'm cool as a blizzard Nigga what? You want, I'll bust your fronts, with the butt of my black paper chase ya and then erase ya rhyme Sucker, MC's how I hate it when you waste your time My state of mind, shine like it's diamond studded I rhyme budded on stage, word is bond, when I'm on, I rage Got the 12 gauge at the rest so play, and into rest you lay My everyday M.O. is gettin dough cause times is rougher than a mother for brothers to scuffle shuffle your cards kid Cause the odds is, niggaz'll hustle and live, foul This wild environment hostile produce, the music in me So my style's the blend of what is and was You could get a buzz from it, but enter too deep and reach a summit you fall and then plummit beyond real Where you're killed if your raps ain't ill Another crab motherfucker 'nother cap to peel Through these amps, I motivate camps to dance Niggaz too advanced, I warn, I'm just tellin you what goes on Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) [Myself aka ELO the Cosmic Eye] Inside my head, you wish to see The signs appear, the shit's not clear What if I flipped, would you know how to maintain your edge I'm takin heads because, there's no fuckin ledge I pledge allegiance to my cosmic guide I couldn't fit in three dimensions if I tried Civilizations I can delete, so crews don't bother me Battle with Jehovah gaining universal soveirgnty Niggaz run around like clones, I got planets and thrones Throughout the galaxy my name's well known (my name's well known) I'm all alone in my zone, you wouldn't understand Stare in my face, fuck around and catch a scar man (Malik B) [Malik B] Here on this agenda, there is no pretenders So when we begin to assassinate your cast members they shall hinder, wavin white flags, man we surrender Those half-assed negroes know they're no contenders In syringes, I can shoot up lyrical vengeance And my grammar, might do a mandatory life in slammers You should regret it, thinkin about steppin to me niggaz forget it - you'll get gassed with lyrics leaded Most energetic, I never snag I'm tightly threaded I flip scripts like pattern twistness in calisthetics Black Thought, Elo and me a trio Tellin the the strong, word is bond I'm just tellin you what goes on Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(C'mon brother) Do you wanna know.. what goes on? *2X* 	(Tell me baby!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Swept Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash MC's who slept for days, must be swept away (4X) [Malik B] The rhythm just sways, and like a sorceress I slays foes, and ri-vals, who wanna come this way, they, better pay attention or a penchant not to mention suspension from the microphone, plus the tension Trey-eight oh's will vacate those if there's drama with my henchmen So lamp to my man Mussolini Go get your whole staff, call the calf cause half-and-half's couldn't cream me The lyrics make your head knock Malik B and BlackThought, the dreadlock Mannn, transss-gressin you'll catch lead I, crushin poundin on the drums like King Kong We can ring your bellll, ding-dong! I styles with my vocab-ulary The Roots the one to call your ultra adversary Now you're all desert cause I'ma serv ya like a tray to meet your doom Malik's the boom so you get swept away MC's who slept for days, must be swept away (4X) [BlackThought] Yo, hello everybody do I need introduct' I be the mic mercenary very un.. clear to your ear the exquisite pattern that you hear It's known to be Black Butta Baby Crazy cardiac my attack on any fat rhythm that I capture kid I snatch the mic from tykes while I proceed.. and continue.. to tend to business, cause this is, how I do I'm insane, and go against the grain like freight Never on no nigga dick, cause I'm just too hip Plus I rest where niggaz pack and never act other than ill, shit is real in Phy-double So if you want trouble let's stomp My mission is to flip on comp You might aspire to be flyer than I, you must pay your dues while I bruise niggaz new for the day shall be swept away MC's who slept for days, must be swept away (3X) MC's who slept for days, must be... I'm on a mission .....: There's somethin goin on :..... (refrain repeats) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: You Ain't Fly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You ain't fly You ain't fly You ain't fly so go 'head, witcha self (repeat 4X) [BlackThought] I'm just playin the wall, I'm just playin the wall Coolin with my niggaz on the right, hold tight Late Friday night strobelight shine bright blind Coolin at this party with the sugars on my mind It's the sex patrol, the sex patrol Yeah the young sis was stacked wicked, wanted me to kick it Said I never dance, made advance outside Took a glance to expect, Shorty was correct so it seemed, her name Shavon, age seventeen I flipped when I seen her eyes, bloodshot green She said she wanted riches and a nigga with cash Lex Land' or a Path', didn't know the half I react to flip the script and get ill My man Malik B kept telling me to relax Diggin how you're livin on some unreal high as I realize -- you're not that fly You ain't fly You ain't fly You ain't fly so go 'head, witcha self (repeat 4X) [Malik B] Dig it, you see sisters is thinkin that I snooze She must don't know, I have a sister confused Thinkin that she's pretty and saditty when I spill She said, "I might, I think I can, alright I will." Tossed up was the digits cause the game is like splendor I said, "Sabrina yea, I met you way back in December; you remember." She said, "I guess." Substitute to Santa, she was sittin on the desk And then she said, "You never called me; Mailk you never tried to press. You never tried to push the seven buttons and address." I said, "Hold up sis -- you're out of order, man you lost it. My name ain't Jake; Malik's no Flake that's Frosted." Tryin to cause a scene Sabrina's rest is self-redeemed She thought she was cute, but never made it on my team I should beam up, about-face fall out And don'tcha even dare to ask why -- because you're not that fly You ain't fly You ain't fly You ain't fly so go 'head, witcha self (repeat 4X) [?uestlove] Mmmmmm strollin in my Pumas down the avenue Not tokin on a J, not sippin on a brew Saw a soul sister on the streets of five-two "MMM, my name's Question, ummmm, who are you?" She didn't respond, she didn't respond ???*MUFFLED VOICE*??? -- Continue on Thought to myself, should of said a little louder Bet hurry up before she gets lost in the crowd of "Excuse me Miss, excuse me miss" "No, I'm not havin it!" I just got dissed I didn't get mad, was calm and collect I didn't call her bitch, I didn't break her neck Start to wonder why the brothers disrespect the cutie It's a place of 180's and the high-priced floozie As she walked away, man I couldn't deny Started lying to myself, man she wasn't that fly You ain't fly You ain't fly You ain't fly so go 'head, witcha self (repeat 4X) [BlackThought] Black, butter umm... that's what I be Had to tell a girl to set her mind free Use the Third Eye possibly you will see what you get, with material objects Wanna be the envy of the whole projects gettin loot Pretty in your cute limited Express suit Baby I can see everything you wanna be See you're gamin as a key to escape poverty Known to be shown around, sport about her niggaz Thinkin you a woman cause your ass got bigger Kickin it to me as if I don't know the time But I'm the BlackThought, I'm all up in your mind I figure you the kind to say, "Give me a call" but then switch to act strange, countin on my change Pay to the order of who??? Not you Why? You're not THAT fly You ain't fly You ain't fly You ain't fly so go 'head, witcha self (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots  Album: Do You Want More?!!!??!  Song: Silent Treatment  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X Girl you know that you need to stop givin' me the silent.. treatment baby  Can't you see what you mean to me? I wanna love you constantly, but you keep neglecting me  And treating me silently  Verse One: BlackThought Yo, I had a Queen named Amina, height 5'7"  Caramel-complected, body like heaven  Met her through the sister of my man Big Vince  Like some shit from out the flicks we been in love ever since  She called me her chocolate brotha, I call her my sugar sista  Knew Shorty could work it since before I ever kissed her I never dissed her, painted my picture to hit  But because sex she wasn't with, she started flippin an' shit  Like, "Listen man, I'm Queen Amina, Amina's not no freak and  that game is weak and keep tryin to hit I could quit speakin  Tariq in fact, you bein BlackThought don't get ya closer I dig ya but won't bone ya because I'm so-called supposed ta  Most o' them would, but that couldn't be me, that's not my flava  Go home and think about that, maybe later on I'll page ya..." I contemplated, and then concluded she was bluffin Steady pursuin screwin, gettin nothin but the silent treatment  Chorus (+ "Silently bay-bee" at end) Verse Two: BlackThought Crazy frustration, about my lovin situation  When patience was a virtue, but I wasn't used to waitin I want some Marvin Gaye healin, feelin is real inside  I slip and slide, my ride'll keep you occupied, I'd.. love to get wit it like that, but my baby's kitty cat's capped and locked, Love Boat is docked at the shore  And what for? Later for groupies on tour  Why won't my sugar call me no more? I mean, my Queen gets upset, rejectin and sexually neglect  Then sayin I'm more sewer than Das EFX, and closed-minded It's like I'm blinded by the skinnin I'm into women; because of that, this one's into communication  Temptation played the vandal, freakin my brain, my mind  Rippin the handle on physically scandalous acts Yo! She knew what I wanted, but she fronted  ... bust it Chorus Verse Three: BlackThought Well umm Movin right along with the song, plus the strong  feelings on my mind, desire to intertwine Combine and blend, baby bust a message that I send Ain't no need to pretend, cause shit is real til the end  I provide a place to hide from crime, hard times and livin trife, while I open ya mind, you're in my life  like love, it ain't no way no one can rise above what's real That's why I'm feelin like you're makin me bugged I puff an El on fifty deuce while I walk in the rain  Heart feelin killa pain while I hop the train  Dial her number to the rest, and ain't no messages left  Regardless, my chest thumps from stress, yo it's a mess  I don't know what I got to do to make you understand  I'm for real and that's no question, no frontin or no guessin Undressin, carressin, in the span, that I contain in my hand  could touch and make you say that I'm such a man  and call my name, so let me set your body aflame  I'll never treat you like a dame or run game  Now who's to blame? I know you're not a hoe for niggaz with a lot of dough  But I just wanted you to know  Chorus (+ "silently" at end) Chorus 1/2 (+ "silently, si-lent-ly" at end) *whistling of music fades away* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Roots, The Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: The Lesson, Pt. 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Black Thought Lyrically versatile My rap definition is wild I wrote graffiti as a juvenile Restin on deuce trey And used to boost gray Kangol's with 555 Soul's from the streets of the Ill-a-delphiadaic insane For monetary gain, niggaz is slain on the train It's homicide For wealth stealth missions for crack In the alleyways, where niggaz get grazed in the back From stray shots Clips with hollow tips, for your spine or Either remain calm, catch a rhyme, to your mind Niggaz ya know my style I run a--motherfuckin-rap--muk When Malik get a U-Haul truck I stand five, foot seven, in command of the party and scam like Uncle Sam I'm never caught up in the glass eye of your action cam, cause I'm down low Artistic exquisite rap pro, that get the dough It's the Philly borough dread thoroughbread for dolo I bag solo, like a nigga that boost Polo Steppin through the corridor, of metaphors Lookin over my left Shoulder the mic, still feel colder than before With this jazz shit I hit your jaw Dice Raw, get up on the mic, my young poor I be the nigga blowin up the spot on tour Surely real to the core, old school like eighty-four I never die, and raps till my lungs collapse Then relax until my knack for tracks Bring it back, on time When I rhyme my rep remain Either go against the grain or your ass is found slain I overcome, niggaz want styles then I throw you some Show you some, get on the mic and take it over son Dice Raw, the motherfuckin Wild Noid Get on the mic and perpetratin is void Verse Two: Dice Raw Ya leave niggaz missin in action like their dads in the projects My style like an old mac, travel round and catch wreck I'm ill versatile, with the skill no more Wack MC's wanna flex but their styles they bore Got to know the real meaning of the ill shit, kid I do mad damage but never will catch a bid With my knapsack, full of ill shit that I just boosted From the corner store when I let loose more Flavor that's me, rippin heads off from the seams Niggaz didn't play like Jeru and Come Clean [he heh ha ha ha] I beat down on they heads like drum machines Or 808's cause my style flows out great And superspectac, with all the raw rap Pull a metal chair out my knapsack across your back ka-crack Now do you feel the pain of course I guess you're believin that I'm insane When I'm taggin my name, upon the train I got so much pride I got so much soul, with lyrics high To make niggaz stop drop and roll, now check me out one time For your ass, fat styles equivalent of an AIDS infected Glock blast Niggaz know my style, plus they know they want more Props from Mount Vernon, to Mount Rushmore OK kid, you know my style is buckwild literature That you can never get when I'm thinkin your particular flavor that you want I sit back and smoke a fat blunt in class Teachers can kiss my ass, I'm twice, Dice Nigga de Raw, never take a bad fall Smack your head up against the wall Like playin handball, my style's ill I slam like Hulk Hogan, Dice Raw bettin on my arm Niggaz know my slogan while I breathe your last breath Niggaz better watch they step, fat bull catch wreck Ill, gots ta keep you in check With the hellified beats and hard rhymes Niggaz know my style, when I go the whole nine I beat down punks, cut em up into fruit chunks Like fruit salad, my style's smooth like white owl Blunts, so whatcha want if you got beef then come get it if ya don't well then forget it My rap style's exquisite, I'm Raw Daddy Like niggaz with no Trojans on the stage when I rhyme I gots ta keep, my composure Where I'm from it's like a whole different world Hoppin a train honeydip and I'ma snatch your squirrel Most corrupt, motherfucker in the tenth grade Juvenile cause Jeff McKay could not fade Don't ask me honey I'm not the one for stressin If you wanna know better ask BR.O.Th.E.R ? Cause he know the time like I know the time When I grab the microphone It's like, summertime, laid back, to recline In my La-Z-Boy chair Dice Raw, the Wild Noid I'm the fuck up outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Ursula Rucker Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: The Unlocking Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * phone dialed and rings * [1] He-LLO? [2] Yo who dis? [1] Yo this [edited] [2] Yo whattup man? [1] Yo whassup dude? [2] This is the Black Ill [1] Oh whassup G? [2] Y'know, yo [1] What? [2] We down in the studio yo [1] Word? [2] Yo we got a jawn [1] Yo, is she live? [2] Yeah she's live [1] Sup wit her? [2] She's just, real nice to talk  Sometimes I used to knock off [1] Word how she be swingin? [2] Oh yeah she's swingin like that y'know it's on! [1] Oh WORD? [2] I called a couple other heads and shit y'know [1] Aight, who else who else - who else widdit? [2] *laughing* [1] I mean she widdit LIKE THAT? [2] Yeah you know! [1] Ain't no bullshit? [2] The whole Resevoir Dog squad n shit, we gon' be eight deep [1] Oh aight, word [2] So come on down, it's on yo [1] Aiyyo it's it's it's just us? [2] Yeah it's just us [1] Oh damn, whassup with some more jawns? [2] Oh yes.. it's just her and some weed y'knowmsayin?  Fuck some other shit [1] Fukkit, aight, bet, what the..  Y'know whassup for real for real [2] Word, yo so come through [1] Aight what time yo? [2] Umm [1] Like NOW? [2] Yeah, come through now! [1] Peace [2] Peace! [Ursula Rucker] I the voyeur, peer, as she begins her, ritual Paying sexual ties for few and untrue Words of admiration, translation: sucker ass, lines, of trash Spewing from First One's unskilled lips That beg for pussy tricks that make his dick go quickly limp She pimps her innocence as Second One demands entrance through the back door..  "Bend over bitch, you know this is what you were born for;  to dig those soft and lotioned knees into the floor --  and take it in, that sweetly spread ass like a real pro whore" Her subsequent screams seemed to praise Sent messages of pleasure and pain to his fuck tainted brain But her screams masked laughs at his dumb ass As he quicker comes, then Third and Fourth One just as dumb Invite themselves to join in Third One wants to hit the skins old-fashioned style while Fourth One says, "Don't she got some DSL's, make a nigga joint just swell,  to think? I wanna sink my inches, into that bitch's,  berry-framed mouth" So one goes North, the other South To sanctified places where in-house spirits will later wash away all traces, of their ill-spoken words and complacent faces And then, like their Minutemen, predecessors Lude, aggrandized sexual endeavors, end up rough Cause neither one of them could keep that weak shit up Corrupt, Fifth One steps to her Hip-Hop clothed just to, think he gonna impress her "Hey Slim, I heard you was a spinna -- sit on up  top this thing, black dick, and work it like a winner" With the quickness he got his pseudo-thickness all up in her But suddenly he, stops mid thrust *Yvette Smalls' pager goes off* Seems she nameless to cuz, got his stuff in a death cunt clutch He fast falls from the force of her tight pussy punch Just like the rest of that sorry ass bunch Now here comes Six ready to add his inactive shit to the mix Talkin smack at that Saying, "Girl, I'ma wax that ass, and stick that slit so hard, you gonna be calling me God" So he proceeds to poke and prod with clumsy finger and wack sex slinger "Condoms make me last longer," wrong, cause her motions of snatch, however detached from the situation cause his pre pre PRE-ejaculation It seems she just wastin good pussy and time on dudes like Number Seven who ain't learned their lesson He wants to enter the flesh divine by dropping a kind of semi-sweet line "Your honey hole so fine and mile deep; I'm gonna leap  into you like an ocean do you right and make your head spin" So he jumped in and then, he drowned Got lost and found in her Tart Canal Slave to the waves, made him cum for days Eighth and last One turn arise Plys her with familiar lies Even more familiar still, cause him she used to love But he never could quite see above, her mound A pound of flesh is all she was, no name no face or even voice So poised, she rises -- Phoenix from the flame Finally bored with their feeble fuck games She smooth reaches behind her and takes straight aim at eight shriveled up cocks with a fully loaded Glock Parts lips, not expressly made for milding dicks and then, she speaks: Your shreiks of horror bring me bliss, I must admit The thought that I could shred your tips with eight quick flips excites me, see y'all fuck with the pussy but I fuck with your minds Lack of soul and respect is the crime This.. was a set up.. now tell me what..... what's my name? * gun cocks * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Respond/React Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] It's just - hip-hop hangin in my head heavy Malik said "Riq, you know the planet ain't ready for the half" when we comin with the action pack On some Dundee shit representin the outback Yo, we do it like this (All the way live, from 2-1-5) You witnessin the 5th Dynasty family click (All the way live, from 2-1-5) Across the map, one time for ya (All the way live, from 2-1-5) It's time to react to respond to react to respond (All the way live, from 2-1-5) We settin it from Southside, pushin this up North From Illadelphian reps, to fly points across the map Bring it back to Respond/React Then bring it back to Respond/React to this [Verse One: Black Thought] The attractive assassin, blastin the devil trespassin Master gettin cash in an orderly fashion Message to the fake nigga flashin Slow up Ock, before you get dropped and closed like a caption Fractional kids don't know the time for action Styles got the rhythm that of an Anglo-Saxon Round of applause, an avalanche of clappin {*BLOW*} that's what happen, now what's your reaction We heavyweight traction, pro-pornographin Specialize in science and math and, original black man Bustin thoughts that pierce your mental The fierce rippin your sacks and Vocal toe to toe impeccable splittin your back son Simple as addition and subtraction Black Thought, the infinite relaxed one Shorties say they love it with a passion Bring the international charm, see a squad I harass [Verse Two: Malik B] REACT, you best adapt when I sling this rap Another chapter, before when I have to trap ya Map your whole path out Go get your crowd so we can clap out I drive down streets and take back route- positionin When I'm in your system like glycerin Fans listenin, from Michigan to Switzerland Malik be blitzed again - on the station with the discipline Solicitin, sometimes illicit or explicit with it and from the deep end where the hills are steep Nobody cares to speak, a land where life is cheap The street mentality, mixed with the intellect Personality, hell where I dwell as well Niggas rebellious, bodies are found down in the cellars My man caught a shot to the stomach, now who want it? Confronted by these dusty blunted - cats who act like they don't know that the fact is that they're bein hunted A process of elimination Activate your mind with the stimulation  Enter your zone with penetration I've seen more horror than Bram Stroker Strip your broad or play poker, then drink mocha The sometimes socializer, the joke despiser You woke the wiser, dealin with the Roots vocalizer Up in your flesh from South Philly to West I stampede your style, I'll compile then bless [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Three: Black Thought] Hey yo, I'm just a lyricist, a chemist of the hemp The beat pimp, the ill Philly resident That's far from hesitant, corrupt like a President Never benevolent but poetically prevalent Cooler than peppermint The Lieutenant for niggaz talkin bout represent No doubt, it's obviously evident I get bent Far from temporary son I'm very permanent Hittin MC's like an intoxicant, sent to prevent Monopoly is my intent, the means is what I invent This mental murder pay the rent Lyrically I'm the dominant ingredient, the swift extravagant Smooth lubricant, down with the M-the-Ill-itant (ch-ch-ch...) That's the sound of the Dynasty chant We surround your camp, assumin the war stance And bring it from the chest, now let's dance [Verse Four: Malik B] M-ILL-ITANT, feel the 5th guerilla chant Y'all talk about bodies but you would not kill a ant My skill is amp, would peel a nigga like a stamp Caliber is of Excalibur now you be damp When I operate a crowd will copulate My game'll make a room populate and 2-1-5th is the stock of hate Peep the logistics, slump your squad of misfits They all get they wrists slit, blast your ass if you insist it Leave no trace so there's no trace for ballistics Turn your soul and body to statistics In particular I've got that extracurricular Squad in the stash who could be stickin ya Slip and they vickin ya Harass your po-lice commissioner Don't like chicks with weaves talking 'bout, "I need conditioner" That shit's deader than niggaz with a morticianer A jenazah, up in your flesh like plasma Take away your last breath when you got asthma Then meet Bad Lieu down at the plaza Hip-hop extravaganza, tell your man I slump him with a stanza Now "Who's the Boss?" not Tony Danza My force not green but the force is obscene P.O. took a piss test it came out not clean Brody with my man Miz-Moose and Hakeem My squad from deuce-four up to West Oak Lane All the way to Takahwana and Frankfurt they know the name It's like that... M-Ill-itant [Black Thought] M-Ill-itant, lyrically hostile, Bad Lieutenant Check it out, foul style check it out [Chorus] - repeat w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Section Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Chorus: Black Thought: (2X) You can't front, we comin with the shots to pump We got more cuz it's what you want Thump it in your section and throughout your section In your area, throughout your whole section, yo... Black Thought: Y'all know the dynasty, the Roots repertoire The lieutenant from the reservoir, serve the spar The injurar, preditar of a competitar I send MCs where the paramedics are At first, I'm like "nah", I'm nonchalant from afar Then strike to cut the fake rap star jugular With irregular balance of the cat burgla-rar Known to parlay with Garcia Vega cigars I know the flavor because me and the thugs minds are mutual We congruent, lay on the corner with the trauma unit I'm from the lab where the bomb's distibuted So never try to duplicate the skills executed Son you'd get electrocuted from the worldwide reputed Shine like nickel heat that blow your mind when I shoot it Some know me as the man that's from the Roots crew Others as the bad lieutenant of Snyder Avenue We go an eye for an eye Behead like a samurai that'll command the dynasty until he die Who will imply that I lack a-biliti? Make your words known, amplify the u-tiliti I'm crooked like the "I" on a toxic malt liquor The land whipper, the Dom Perignon champ sipper The fifth'll bring it all together like the zipper on a butter leather The bad lieu a bring the bad weather So to whoever got riff, let it rest Reflect, then recollect on the way it was set It's the veteran architect that flows with the rhythm of sex Be on the low shotgun in the Lex With my man low to flex I'm restin where they handle the Tecs And the lyrical vandal is next flow So my man, my mizza, my man M-ilitant, what's the master plan? Once again... chorus: Malik B. Peep the oratory, niggaz bore me with theatrics Moms listen to they daughter story about my packets The adverse is on your table, stabilize emotion A soldier at ease, but on post of up most in Brag and boast in my anecdotes that choke Invade your whole terrain, you feel the pain provoke When I breaststroke your wavelength of intensity My alliance bring forth to you an entity Your whole vicinity, I contaminate with hate Got no time to debate, but hold up wait, sit straight It's in mil, the elicit, you violate, you get a ticket MCs you can't tell I expel, you get evicted >From out your misery, serve your ass with my delivery Allah makes the ground you steppin on shivery Permanent tears run through your thoughts you queers It's all upstairs, where there's a crowd, table and chairs For years, been on the mic, I'm like a dike with stairs When I strike, I stay severe, niggaz stay low in they glare >From over here, my Range Rover square to blast offside Switch the pitch from southpaw to unorthodox I shock your brain with the miscellaneous Who beez the zaniest...nigga with words that are spontaneous? Black Thought: A yo, the purpose mainly is to generate the Luther Van Lyrical contraband, controllin your command and... chorus: Black Thought: All the way live from 2-1-5, all the way live from the 6-1-0 Gettin cash, get the gusto One time, it's the dynasty flow Runnin it down the line, it's another Yeah, you in tune to another ill  5th dynasty production baby (fading out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Panic!!!!! Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Black Thought: I woke up in the darkness at 12:17...to shots and sirenes Look out the window, peep the high beams Now they searchin, the cops lookin for the person...  That pulled the trigga Medical figures is nursin the kid that got shot Some innocent ak that would front To flip the rock on them at King Street block I tried to tell him to stop cuz yo, it's ghetto red hot Similar to the blood now floodin his top I take a step out the spot, to the point of attack And see the shorty wop heart blast out his back Damn, I'm thinkin it don't cease, it's no more peace Police level increase, but what the fuck... It's still crime on the streets I can't breathe, now what's goin on? One minute you alive, the next, you're gone Illadel-P-H-I-A Hell Bust off into the heavens for the nigga who fell And hit the L, for the niggaz who fell When that could have been prevented In front of the flat your moms rented And no one expect that from you, cuz you was timid Fuckin with them cats from outside city limits Funny how this whole thing changed, an off minute Yo, dig it, Panic!!!!! None of this is ever granted Drownin in a nightmare, stranded The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: It Just Don't Stop Typed by: nelly@itis.com Hook: Dig it, this world is filled with homicides and rape All the crimes of hate just ain't the size and shape You can walk don't the block and get slumped or knocked It don't stop y'all and it just don't stop  (x2) Black Thought: I leave the microphone intrigued with my practice This rebel stick your system like a cactus a boys sadness Who knows what is concealed under the mattress Ruegurs, losses and grindals when my minds in blackness Then I act this way the beast unleashed Rabbis, monks and priests always pray for peace But it's deceased now only lives the true realance Open up the mental deaths you rented through my palace My thoughts contain the plus sign plus the malice Not equating to your Wonderland so fuck Alice My style is hostile on the external But got plenty of love and warmth that's internal The sin coronal Surfaces from whispers from the lower My noun like arks and 950 years of Noah You're arch rival You burn a cross I burn the bible Because I'm liable, to do this When my actions true this But I'd rather choose to use my diction Resurrect that blond blue eyed and put him through another crucifixion Stay up in your jurisdiction (say what?)  My depiction is the drama  Though these eyes I've seen the trauma  Homicides in the source that was phenomenal When I find out who banged Muwan in his abdominal Met with Jesus to learn to Burns not commical At times this thing ain't logical I gots to walk around with my brain on cock Cause it can't (can't) won't (won't) don't (don't) stop Hook Malik B (M-Ill-it-ant): My mentals in flame your brains will drain When I let the ink drip and then pass out a pink slip I think quick so check my methodology My stylagy is more ranty than anthropology Between your raw legs like it's gynecology You and your sorry ass style needs an apology Cause an earthquake and make you shake you need neurology These niggas kill me actin' like stars fuck they astrology Imagin' with my badge I snatch the pagent Turn your city to a smashing and grab it Now it's time to burn the maggots my message stronger than Elisha That backslap the ass like your father Why bother? Would any care for, lyrics I sling from my mic with cease your laughter Mind of a bachelor to a master What I thought that leaves you flabbergasted Ask you what's the matter bastard? These types of rhythms man you'd rather blast it You hear the beats in jeeps over the weekend Silence is golden and niggas get killed just for speakin' The only deacon is death when ya left wounded Layin' on the ground and meet your doom quick  I done been through the deserts of hell with Satin sittin' waitin' Contemplatin' and trying to get me for the takin' That's why I walk around with my brain on cock Cause it can't (can't) won't (won't) don't (don't) stop Hook Black Thought: At times I feel as if could pull a kamikaze Illuminatti probably in the civic center lobby They seeds in the world student body probably Creatin' missles they got my child holdin' pistols Knowledge and understand will make a man murder Stand further fuck all the swine plus they hamburger No hallucination the lieutenant plus Illitant arean murder that's mental Credentials is I am a hell residental with fire for the presidental Officially it's havoc in the temple I terrorize the heavens bring on the renaissance With the seventh the civili the reverence reprimand The deacon keepin' 'em from speachin'  Tell 'em seeks the false preacher and I step like a shadow on your way to hot concrete And ovserve my peoples in the essence every weekend We wonder what the fuck is school teachin' Intoxicating soldiers at chaotic times reachin' The dynasty is slim  But they only resemble what's when we attack That split your back then we extort your speciamen I put this in your system like lesser than Then manuver mentally for men internal medicine I hold the fort down with Malik symoblic To the mind of word that's Islamic The killer force as I deposit dealin' with logic I keep my brain on cock it don't stop talking: Bad lieutenant, M-Ill-it-ant feel the fifth guerilla chant. Come through. ? Check it out. Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, The Jazzyfatnastees Album: Illadleph Halflife Song: Episodes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [voice in background] Yeah, you in tune to another episode in my area code All sorts of episodes in my area code Where the blocks explode, where the temperature is cold It's just an episode in my area code Another episode in my area code All sorts of episodes in my area code Where the blocks explode, ?? back and unload I seen it unfold in my area code [The Jazzyfatnastees] Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. [Verse One: Black Thought] Just push the panic button on your remote control Then enter the zone where our patrollers will get round cold soul Diddly Bo leave her feelin a saga foretold Who got caught 'pon the block for gold, got the old heads froze They peepin outta closed windows They not secure as they supposed I watched it all unfold Witness another episode with titanic panoramic view as this manic-depressin un-load with his gun hold Wild like a son sold for cash Guns traded for sensi and hash, crack for ass Entire crews pass not makin the news flash Brews pass a memory and spark not to blast Whatever Ave. transform to the war path Pure wrath from North down to 24th and Task Game slaughter half, the niggas you were prayin with Streets tainted with camouflage - guerilla sabotage My cousin's Jarette and Todd, was livin type large Got caught then blast crashed off on Broad and Lombard So many so-called hearts scarred they buried in the yard Lick shots at Babylon de one comfy bombard Kids run far from traditional credit cards scams Veterans is nipped in the butt with large plans Stick up kids is jumpin outta plated Dodge Rams to jam, you and your man it's mad drama and - [Chorus: The Jazzyfatnastees + background voice] Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. [background voice] Yo, the episodes to my area code Just another episodes in my area code Where the blocks explode, where the temperature is cold It's just an episode in my area code All sorts of episodes in my area code Just another episode in my area code Where the blocks explode, ?? back and unload I seen it unfold in my area code, check it [Verse Two: Dice Raw] This is for all of my niggaz, that are R.I.P.'s You ain't missin nothin, life ain't what it should be I'll pass across soon, who know who's the enemy Lots of shit has changed and it's kinda fucked up to see You remember Tauseen nigga thick slice of dream Go out fast for the buck do anything for the cream Never seen a case like this, although it's quite contageous He even got his little brother actin all outrageous From dusk to dawn, and from dawn back to dusk They do anything and everything, tryin to come up It's kinda sickenin, how the cash is so fuckin addicted And when I say son wild they say that that's conflicted Ain't nothin but a contradiction in this world we live in Cause the loot is for the takin, and not for the givin Then the youngest one, will say "I'ma die hustlin Fuck everybody except my brother who I'm trusted in" I guess the young boy just did not know the truth Cause the following week Tauseen threw him off the roof And sometimes I wonder what the fuck I think about that How nowadays kids get whacked for somethin less than a pat But I guess that's how it goes when there ain't no more rap Thought he was his brother's keeper, but fuck all that Niggaz causin mayhem, from the P.M.'s to A.M.'s America's worst nightmare -- guns in kids' hands [Chorus: The Jazzyfatnastees + background voice] Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. [background voice] .. in my area code It's another episode in my area code Where the blocks explode, ?? back and unload I seen it unfold in my area code Just another episode in my area code All sorts of episodes in my area code Where the blocks explode, ?? back and unload I seen it unfold in my area code, check it, yo [Verse Three: Malik B] It was the year of '84 I was tryin to get in the mix The year when niggaz rolled with sheepskins gazelles and kicks Even got the patent leather Adidas snatched off your feet Man that talk is cheap the crippled can't walk for weeks The first sto was word to Penn and Teller's Strolled in the dollar house parties; in search for Cinderella Was just a little man real bold Tryin to act grown and old so the respect'll be shown A hip-hop a little pop and the breakdancin When niggaz wore windbreakers plot to take lambskins Remember Zigglers? Uptown the bottom's not quite the same St. Charles in South Phil the ooh mob gang H-R-M Ogontz Ave. Brickyard to hollow Niggaz was snatchin gazzeles and flippin pockets for the dallo You wore your little wolf chain in West Oak Lane And niggaz from Logan came to extort we know the game You proclaim this gangster bullshit talk And never even seen your man shot, or bodies in chalk Aggravated assualt another weekend in the precinct Takin everybody for their ring man that's how we think Back then you catch a suckerpunch off guard Niggaz will pull your card, tryin to walk around all hard Niggaz quick to flip your pockets if you lip service When you see fifteen niggaz deep - with scully's get nervous It ain't no tellin what they could do to you So you clutch up, thinkin and knowin you gettin stuck up in another episode in my area code, episode in my area code [Chorus: The Jazzyfatnastees + background voice] Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. [background voice over last line of Verse Three onward] This another episode in my area code Episodes in my area code, yo Well this another episode Yeah, they in my area code Explode.. unload.. Unfold in my area code Yeah, this in my area code Episodes in my area code Explode.. unload.. Unfold in my area code Yeah [The Jazzyfatnastees] Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. You won't believe the site you see before your eyes.. Better believe it.. cause it is co-min.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Bahamadia Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Push Up Ya Lighter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Yeahh.. To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark - check it out Verse One: Black Thought Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority is what I'm probably on, if I ain't whippin a Land throughout ya sec-tion, my mind's in traum' Nine times out of time I rhymes upon the L Train Within my brain, foun-tains over rugged moun-tains of my terrain, diggit I came too far to front So I'm meditatin on how to maintain Stepped off at City Hall into the rain; and ran into my nigga named Dane - I mean Hakeem And we was buildin on how we could organize the team for this capital gain bein that we in the rap game It's time to have it all, he said he figured he same We realized this a planet of CREAM, to obtain when the predominant rap, conglomerate rap spark the flame Hark the name, The Fifth from the Ill-Power Hill at that He dropped me off within the streets of South Phil' Where niggaz think that killing's living real Shorties is getting wetted, fulfilling their fantasies to set it We don't sweat it, by The Fifth you get beheaded I pivot through my borough givin pounds to the dreaded At the lye spots I got credit; could run em down in alphabetic-al order it's sorta pathetic Yo, I'm livin life within a labryinth of nonsense This is a consequence of being Philly residents Tryin to get it on, the rhythm gettin shitted on The exquisite I exhibit to shine, yo [Black Thought] C'mon.. To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark - check it out Verse Two: Malik B I walk through this field with 'iminals Ill die-hard soldiers, try to make it to-wards the generals Hard-headed rugged captains, walkin head on through action Turnkeys on the closed caption I bring the skills of wizardry Treat MC's with bigotry, so now you see the picture vividly Seduce your brain from the temple over instrumentals The Fifth chant, you see the exhaust out the swift camp -- mannerism is to scan your vision You see the light, you can't eclipse the sun We call back the young, but still they'll strap a gun to shoot caps that spook cats and rappers hung Now you might tube across from the diners where you find em lost Niggaz hearts so cold, they sport frost The M-the-Illi-tant, the Bad Lieutenant kill your camp You're now a victim of reality, my personality afflicted, for three to five if convicted Illicit, because most cats will live corrupted It ain't no pity in this inner city niggaz fuckin Exquisite I exhibit the shine now check it out [Black Thought] Yeahh.. To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark - check it out Verse Three: Bahamadia Inclined to rap about facts, I never fake jacks Shit is Real like E packs, forty-fifty-sixes Trims and gimmicks, couldn't faze the true heartache when I first started, but then few remember this Anti-Gangsta Bitch, sporting new jew-als Plain Jane styles internal, to the naked eye Derived from mindstates of Cold Crush tapes and beat breaks seduced by means to elevate Equates my views with the passing Those matching this intellect identify, for like minds Intertwine one thought in uni-son We exquisite I exhibit the shine, ahhh [Black Thought] Yeahh.. To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark the fire To all my peoples on the planet stimulatin the mind All my peoples that be knowin the time; c'mon and push up ya lighter, up ya lighter Up ya lighter, 'fore we spark - check it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Raphael Saadiq Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: What They Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse One] Yo, yo Lost generation, fast paced nation World population confront they frustration The principles of true hip-hop have been forsaken It's all contractual and about money makin Pretend-to-be cats don't seem to know they limitation Exact replication and false representation You wanna be a man, then stand your own To MC requires skills, I demand some shown I let the frauds keep frontin And roam like a celluar phone far from home Givin crowds what they wantin Offical hip-hop consumption, the 5th thumpin Keepin ya party jumpin with an original somethin Yo, I dedicate this to the one dimension-al No imagination, excuse for perpetration My man came over and said, "Yo we thought we heard you" Joke's on you; you heard a bitin-ass crew but um.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse Two] Thin is the line that run between love and hatred The game is ill-natured, it's nothing sacred Aiyyo, it's funny when I see some rap niggaz due to make it A few'll blow up, or go as far as they can take it My nine to five, is just to hit ya get the party live I'm Black Thought, used to rap for sport Now the rhymes sayin rent payin life support I take it very serious-ly, within this in-dustry It's various crews that try to touch me But I come with the beautiful things, and I bless the track plushly  Around the world crowds love me, from doin tours Recepient of applause from all of you and yours Creator of original sounds to send to stores you take home, to absorb and sweat it out your pores Now who can stop the music runnin through these veins Infinitely go against the grain, that's why my motto's to.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse Three] Livin the life of limos and lights Airplanes and trains, short days and long nights Keyboards and mics, bass chords and drum kicks And my mental thick to hit my head like brick As I embark on a mission welcomin to the dark When I first spark the arts, when the listenin start Open your head wide, and let the Thought inside My style fortified by all of Philadel-phi I've dealt more stealth than all the wicked weal-thy Mentality undetectable by the naked eye Then I get paid when the record is played To put it short "I want it made" like Ed, nuff said Then after that, I'm puttin on my cousin Hamed We let the ladies blend with the darkskin thoroughbred and discover, my level is that of no other And Roots crew reign offical and true while I'm continuin to.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Concerto of the Desperado Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The concerto, of the desperado R-double-O-T-S check the flow If you know like I know then you know the motto That's all the fraud shit got to go/fake shit gots to go [Verse One: Black Thought] In the glow of the moon, over the melancholy metro My poetry is set like a U.F.O. The maestro, the lyricist concerto My physical play the role of a vessel The level of my lyrics law manifesto My thoughts wrestle and attack with the killer instincts of a gorilla stronger than Samson Without vanilla my soliloquoy profess my ability to just stimulate you like the best sensimilla The halflife the Illadel-L-P-O-phila proceed hither is my death flower blow your tower to smithe- -reens to fiends catch another rhyme gripper Deeper than the meditations of a Hindu worshiper Unorthodox, hip-hop, minister Than a Serengeti cheetah my thoughts swifter you lose your balance when the sound hits ya So check for the, Fifth Militia A poet's under pressure stressin that you get the picture Even if it means you gotta hang over the banister I pull a microphone on any pistol brandisher And take advantage of ya because you amateur Styles gunning down your sound man and manager What?? This how we do it in the year for nine-six With this delivering attack on pointless rap shit Breakin MC's down to fractions, tell your squadron It's time to go to war, Respond/React [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Two: Black Thought] The implorer, the universe explorer Treat MC's like the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah Leavin these niggaz open like a box of Pandora With styles that's newer than the world order Approximately three quarters of y'all are water I straight deport ya Then orchestrate your torture with roots of culture The pill brimmage to the line of scrimmage up against your image Where life is a heist, and the strong get a percentage It's ill as a war and within it I'm the Lieutenant that surrounds you like a peninsula to snatch the pennant You fold like Japan's futons and fans While I design a plan to make a rapper step like a pedestrian I crush a mountain into grands of sand Your pain stains the hand that held the mic inserted to the stand The desperado, that refuse to follow The Fifth afficianado, break you up into parts like vibrato I deep like the dark of the night Niggaz is sweet and sound silly when they talk on the mic They use the simple back and forth the same old rhythm that's plain I'd rather UltraMagnetize your brain It's the hip-hop purist, that leave you lost like a tourist inside the chorus, niggaz is bringin nothin for us As we breakin em down to fractions, tell your squadron It's time to go to war, Respond/React [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Clones Yeah, to all the Jim Carrey ass large co-op KnowhatI'msayin? Large co-op, what the fuck? To the clones, we bless the domes Blow the vial, you know my style, large co-op Freestyle all the way son Dice Verse One: M.A.R.S. First of all let's talk about these ill capers And fly ass frontin bitches that now caught vapors Niggaz run up on you with guns, snatchin papers Outlined body chalk, is how they would scrape ya From off the pavement, I hate gettin locked up cause that upstate bus reminds me of the slave ships But then the bible never saved shit I guess that's why every juvenile is in the same predicament You wanna slang crack, or hold tecs, and do the concept You can't make loot, when your moms is smokin up the product I try to tell ya, don't let these streets fuckin fail ya The way niggaz be gettin clapped shit'll fuckin scare ya But in the dark, we ran wild, so we killin em Niggaz scared, can't stand still, like fuckin helium Fake niggaz, they don't go platinum they go aluminum Got em cloned the fuck up son, that's why we losin em I'm lookin at this niggaz longevity To make a big play, but then it might be a mistake Cuz if I get sent to D.C., I'm sendin Dice to DE With three p's, so when I get out, he can see me for real, cuz the streets is filled with snakes and rats The snake will be that bitch and that rat will be that cool cat With swollen pockets we gonna take you back home Master Allah Rule Savior, never clone Verse Two: Black Thought Yo, I use the mic to slap you in the face and erase your taste Disgrace your date put your title to waste Dominant lyrical grace, from a place called wild Illadelph Isle Pensy, that's the residency Consist in currency, my pockets never empty Some cats, believe they MC but we know they all fraud Do a show in Philly niggaz wouldn't applaud Nobody know your record nor who you openin for Can tell your squad's artificial while approachin the door So you should prepare, for lyrical terror that's pure Step up to the resevoir, of the soul proprietor style messiah or, the higher law down with Dice Raw The matador, shorty conniseur Stompin whatever you build to the floor Similar to that of a dinosaur I told you I'm the rap predator You insist to imitate, what for? Superstar niggaz is ten percent real, ninety percent invented for a fuckin record deal Comin with somethin veterans can't feel I hit you like a steel anvil Because you grafted off the next man's skill But still I remain mellow, seein the theatrics of Othello Run over tactics of the  C-L-O/N-E-S fess The phoniest cats is felonious (word) Verse Three: Dice Raw Dice Raw the juvenile lyricist corner store terrorist Block trooper, conniseur of fine cannabis Focus never weak, blow up the spot like plastique Leave a nigga shook, to the point, he won't speak Never half-assed, always live and direct On bitches try to punk smell the panty and raw sex Mad lights I had to black out, when fake niggaz act out Or step out of place, they get slapped in they face All y'all niggaz is fake, tryin to emulate my style what grown man? In this game, to me you're a child I trained wack MC's, in camps like ex-marines Why the fuck you think you went home and had bad dreams of horrifying things, that your ass never seen before? You traveled to the realm of Dice Raw where CLONES get they dome blown with chrome microphones It's not your fault black, just the fact you wasn't shown You'll come through this like a smurf I got you rollin stop off the earth Represent while I been like this since birth And I won't be the last but I DEFINITELY was the first Dice Raw big car Logan's Isle sol-dier Verse Four: Malik B Don't come across that line or pay a cost Knuckle games and hammer cocked ain't nothing sweet or soft Win lose or draw to the jaw take one Deranger lyrical launcher, or station No conversation is needed, my task completed Read a nigga up and down in the cut where I'm seated Snatch you from your cloud of cannabis you ignoramuses You laid on your lap, when I attack your glamorous lifestyle, I banged your head up with the white fowl My character a product of this two-one-fifth trife style I breeze through areas niggaz would fear to walk in Balance the talkin, that galactic style as of a falcon Your Star Trek ass will wrinkle Spill these words and form into a sprinkle cap you're brought up and the name of twinkle My insight will crack the windpipe of y'all niggaz Whether small, middle-sized, or tall niggaz Just tie your name next when I start to X Givin out flex pains of death so fuck a raincheck The insane vet, whether you ganked the brain wet You proceed to lame check, the opposite of same sex I annihliate your type if you violate Makin your blood rush, you post never a higher rate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: U.N.I.Verse at War Intro: Common Yeah, U.N.I.Verse at war U.N.I.Verse (when you and I verse) at war motherfucker We gonna do this Chi-town style (verse at war) Illadelph, you know how we get down You know the business (Illtown illanoid) Bringin it straight to your chest (comin thru with the iller category) Yessah, hah, yeah (preacher man with the Com) Break it down one two (we about to drop a bomb, check it) Chorus: 2X When you and I verse at war (U.N.I.Verse at War) And your verse at core, for what you thought before Steppin up into a zone you should never explore The next level or, level of the whole conceptor Verse One: Check it, rappers Get on the mic talk about cars and clothes Sounding like hoes Ain't been exposed to the foes of most disciples I'm from the state that is Ill, the rap son of man Rotated down to Phil, to say what I feel Get it off my burnt chest, my word becomes flesh War, going on between the West and the East of the land, niggaz don't own a piece Grease is the word, Murray slides some pimp oil to me My lady friend sneaks my beer in the movie Throw your hands in the air, if you the true and living Beware, the new world order, the devil's new religion Sent my homey to the number two division Sellin bootleg movies, got my VCR on a evasive maneuver Be that as I chooses, drinkin tropical it's just sittin at a table with sophisticated bitches Nah that ain't nothin I would call my mother Nor do I call every nigga my brother Gotta have Black Thought, it's sorta B like Malik So don't Question a Brother, to the Roots I get deep Verse Two: Yo, enter the last era Your scholarship into the world of politics and mascara, we operate within this artificial op-era I bring hip-hop terror like the Fuhrer The Ace Ventura into the horror Laboratory laborer, venture beyond the border I'll struc-ture a style destroy your whole aura Plus you're a-drenalin'll rise before your eyes and mortalize, my image hit the skies Deceive the devil in disguise My music I parenthesize Represent the wise, do this be how we enterprise Kid no compromise (yeah, yeah) I'm thinkin fast like drama Dyin I wear your mind away like Alzheimer I pull a mic up out my bomber big up to Bahama The A-O this year we leavin em in trauma Then after me, I plan to leave behind, the legacy or history of the family, the fifth dynasty For humanity, to bear witness to this Del-val-syllable stylist You know the time kid Chorus 2X Verse Three: Yo, the general flows, kids compose on tablet Expose how they was average and they thoughts not rapid Here comes the hot package, through your block like traffic The rock was typed graphic now watch the mic blast it Shootin at the stars with emphatic rap static See the mirror shatter from thoughts, I'm bustin back at it The Lieuten-ant, the ele-phant, sippin automatic Mic, rippin asiatic, architects out to have it The turn of the century, the planet's like a penitentiary exaggerated, niggaz is livin highly medicated I Used to Love but now she violated Hip-hop holocaust and camps, old champs are concentrated They outdated and incarcerated Loved and appreciated hated and very debated For every career created was eliminated And that's the way the balance of yin and yang related Verse Four: Common As the block is de-vine Niggaz swing on in a safari Wild niggaz, like I'm high on latari Some let the block block they mind if they could see what I see Get out the city for a sec be at the places I be Hey, I'ma be back on the deck, opening Business in places for you to cash your check My, neck of the woods ain't all good ain't all bad You can live in the burbs, and still get had The sad part about it niggaz had houses on the lake They tryin to move us out, the land we ain't appreciate For peace we skate, crackers we roll or player hate Call each other cuz cause of how we relate I see way too many Cadillacs with dope man plates Through the wind and blow-ups, is how niggaz communicate Harmonizing through beeper and reefer The city got my peoples in a sleeper, talk is getting cheaper Chorus 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: No Alibi Typed by: vrm17@hotmail.com Chorus: If you seen it or heard it,maybe probably I did it maybe or maybe not,I'll admit what I committed exhibit the truth because I'm living proof why I had no disguises,no verdicts,no alibis (Malik B) Look into my window,tell me what you see m-ill-i-tant school of philosophy  when niggaz get dealt wit mental velocity connect my sentences and thoughts like apostrophes we represent hypocracy,it ain't no stopping me until I fulfill the term of my prophecy my attitude is scarred by this inner-city urban iller dolo stress on my brain just like a turban who get grazed by the bullet? triggers,who's quick to pull it? the anti-bullshitter,islamic extortioner you're the forfeiter unfortunately niggaz who wanna gyp me I cause humidity so come and get me I'm simply,the cat to lay back I chill and what you the silent ninja intends to injure,now I got you sanity was lost so now I'm found insane I'm seeking streets to jeeps hours,days,to weeks I even speak to geeks I hold my fortune,it's sweet I'm discreet in the streets,but that's just the way I play though I lay low,but over your head just like a halo hell's angel,these thoughts you cannot untangle when I drop jewels,niggaz they wear 'em like a bangel check it out one time for your mind like that chorus2x (Black Thought) Look into my window tell me what you see lieutenant university of philosophy  while you not possibly escaping what I'm meditating my shackle of thought tackle you while I'm educating your dome's resonating from inhalation of darkness while I spark the smart shit from what you waiting since you waiting me at the top of the pile wild delaware file,pennsylvanian,sub-terranean style step up into my crevice and taste the medicine of the champagne king like evelyn leaving you leveled and sabatoged,it's all camaflouge like the devil and guns and coke peddling,olympic medaling flashback that of a war veteran,blast at the programmer bringing lashes 'cross your back on some accuracy of a brainwashed Bosnian troop that swooped down through your roof without sound on a lyrical Nat Turner mission,reacting off of intuition continuously alert,no intermission if your ears hurt,you shouldn't listen that means you artificial and my style'll poison your brain tissue your inanes are crippled once the gamma rays hit you my grains habitual and I should never go against the ritual I've been mastering ever since I was among the flavor youth,remain sharper than a saber tooth my deliverance is self-evidance vi-tal,lyri-cal science NOW!!! chorus2x (Black Thought) Who knows what you snorted or who support what you recorded but don't get it distorted,in this orbit you're aborted ????,shit's imported,exported styles,they get sported my paragraphs aortic behold the illest medely got you in the choke hold illadel epilouge,top league plus plush in Vogue slice tongues from your area code student of life with the rugged exterior mode blind a devil with the bold black and gold shine I walk the thin line and hold mine,let the people respond it's mind detect mind swine decline let the power refine build like it's 1999 in this day and time the reptillion rooms,the sextillion tons your armageddon gwan come from the sun untouchable cuts that's unclutchable for some to understand so y'all sit back and wonder damn I like to take this time to show you who I am original man,Black Thought,aka lieutenant Malik B'll be the m-ill-i-tant known to vanish in the atmosphere we up there like the stratos chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Dave vs. US Typed by: phavz15@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist yo momma went on moose (?) our soldiers took 'em all she pulled 'em in the street that street said I smell feet [chorus x2] she wanna know if we can be together man even if it ain't gon' be forever well it can only be for one night the only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic Trust me it's somethin' bout the way I touch her the way that I hold her, the way I cut her She move a lot but that ain't shit to me man, I need that bitch and that bitch need me And I ain't even talkin' bout R.A.P. them other ladies be the same, they no worry me (uh) Sit back, I spit that shit that get better than make a veteran sit back Cruisin, mic check one twos and if y'all not us then that's why y'all losin Ate up, no time to wake up No masquerades, nigga move the makeup Just do it, put the hop into it and when y'all lose it don't blame the music Half y'all fell in love with the whore the question is if you don't love her what you fuckin' her for, nigga? [Chorus - repeat 2X] she wanna know if we can be together man even if it ain't gon' be forever well it can only be for one night the only thing I ever loved in my life was the mic fucks the problem? dawg we mobbin' the squad roll thicker than some hemoglobin I'll scare y'all quicker than a mean ol' goblin ain't no bullshit, me and my amigos poppin' (huh) we get started ain't gon' be no stoppin you gon' jump because it ain't gon' be no option I'm totally contagious black rans the gauge ya language black thought aka, larry davis (huh) got rhymes runnin' off the pages tighter than the Bushes with the saudi arabians darker than a oil well, sharp as a sabertooth tiger ridin' on a straight edge razor you walk talkin' on a two way pager til ya main thing gettin' me the captain saver I hold black sly cuz I be the fan of the mic grip tight like is not gonna tear ya huh the hip biatch she ain't ya diop all that, in a banana cognac diatch pony hair coat, my boots is ostriach black ink back turn me up another ne-otch HUH young truck in this fuckin' game what a nigga is, if he runnin' the game I bring pain from the summer to sprang spit game, get ya chick, make her leave wit the game wanna talk a little shit i'll make ya walk wit a cane got 'em half steppin' like they walk wit cane here I am, R-A-W, raw truck North introducin' y'all the way I slang game make ya dame insane I'm superman, not clark kent to lois lane I'm out for the paper, y'all out for the fame there's five left in your fifteen minutes of fame I ain't got no problems bringin' drama to y'all you'll never score like a punter runnin' with the ball I squeeze mics 'til the cords is sore It's truck North, the man and the myth signin' off, yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: No Great Pretender Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Malik B] Check it out, one two M-illi-tant I be the, alias Malik B Internationale rationale All the people up 68th Ave. and across Broad Street or Silk Lane in South Philly And on, et cetera Check it out, check it out [Chorus: The Roots] Here on this agenda, there is no pretenders So when we begin to assassinate your cast members Here on this agenda, there is no pretenders So when we begin to assassinate your cast members [Verse One: Malik B] Dig it, cool calm collect in my perspective Search the premises, I leave no clues for detectives My verbal impact across your back slap You talk about you see me, but your vision's full of cataract It don't matter that, your glass house I shatter that Bad luck I walk under now show me where the ladder at Pull up the urinal organs up in your bladder cat Approachin you with shriller rhetoric, as if you had a sac Now crews down for it, your gas pedal floor it with ammo and artillery and stash spots to keep and store it I used the banner of a slant with a zort Change your strategic plan, my man's getting bored Your vocal chord is fraudulent, and not the true porcelain I bring the fire, earth, and the source of wind The force of sin will endorse the pen We all search for sanity, but I think that it was lost again Now which stick-up artist, can be the smartest? My beam of sunlight shines the brightest and the farthest Regardless, artists dislike because I'm {?} Control the temper, makin MC's whimper I tilt the Earth from off the axis in the center Next I'm in the womb like a placenta M-Illi-Tant the city ninja, uplift cause I'm the soul avenger, remember I'm no great pretender [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Two: Malik B] Strategis, I bet y'all niggaz can't believe this I read you like a whole avenue that's filled with meters parked, fuck your back talk, I watch how niggaz cat-walk over my pit of venom and send em to the asphault For inquisitives, who wanna try to test me What protects me, will make you shake like epilipsy Plague your neighborhood with lyrical le-prosy Stimulate more than Ecstasy y'all niggaz check my recipe Dig it, I must observe it, analyze when I'm chillin Peep out who's the villain then make your whole pavillion of a Sicilian, excuse the greed don't want a mill' I want a zillion - stacks of Franklins to the ceiling I counts stacks imported, fuck the yacht and the mansion I want Pluto and Jupiter, political, universal expansion Buy out Tommy and Halle Hanson Kidnap america, 'Riq you hold it for ransom Pass it down to my grandson, I got no time to be romancin Only time's for mental food and advancement This game of Life is strictly chancein - get to know  the nature before I get know the nigga while I'm glancing Enhancing, is my mental - I play in the midst a squad a team most crews is not in the halfs of rentals My utensils, display a whole variety Even when in the cut niggaz can't cut they anxiety Peep, I fill your brain with suspicion, pay attention like you paid tuition, and stop all your bull-ishin The rap chemist in the lab to the finish The mic is my apprentice, cause I can't stand  courts or tennis, my pigmentation is the menace That's why the system's always tryin to pursue with a blemish Pale asses, think a nigga in this My flow's tremendous, for the meal you can't replenish The question you ask me, situation get worse Fam I won't befriend ya, cause I'm no great pretender [Chorus] - 2X [Malik B] It's like that, one time for your mind Fifth Dynasty, interwine and combine 	M-Illi-Tant The Bad Lieuten-ant One hundred X, Bahamadia 	Minds and souls, like that Fifth Dynast', my man {?}, P.R. Star 	My man Slick Looka Check it out, one time like that 	Feel the Fifth The One-Fifth attack 	Your backbone and spine Check it out 	Brother Q.U.E.S.T. South Philly, {?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: The Hypnotic Typed by: aes1997@yahoo.com (The hypnotic, the hypnotic) (The hypnotic, the hypnotic) 7X Yo, I knew this girl named Alana with mad persona She delt with reality never fed it to the drama I met her through my nigga named Jermaine Palmer Who knew her through his peoples by the Baltimore harbor Alana was a Marylan' thurough and attractive Shorty that's relaxed with me and kickin back Wif a phat flick to cool out Was stressed cause the game'll make you wanna pull a tool out  And go the old school route But all-a that cease - when that piece checkin the jewel out A bruver was charged - light a spliff and listen to the dabarge Let the shorty hit me wif a massage to annoint Lubricatin my maridian points that was the Summer easy to remember Alana was all up on - to read the gender how I used to back bender She even told her best friend Blinda from Virginia Who asked me if I had a cousin I could recomend-a But as time float on we grew more mature - and further apart When I began to do tours, we lost contact And slowly parted - reminissin of when it started It keep me feelin heavy hearted - a stolen moment periodic Addicted to her presence like a narcotic Though I wonder if she ever got it - the hypnotic That faded like a dream sequence that pursuaded Beyond being infatuated - spiritually intoxicated Comps are dated - I concentrated On how to get in touch with her Cuase the fact of the matter remain that I miss the hypnotic Driftin ------- (driftin)  (the hypnotic, the hypnotic) X7 Driftin ------- (driftin) I would begin to dial - Her number but knowin it's been awhile it's hard to link I figure what she probly think and soon start to drink Fightin the feelin I'm concealin apparently I first appealin Later revealin to be deeper - resistance increasingly weaker The essence of life is more than just mic's and puffin reefa This universe of Black Thought that I can teach ya I'm tryin to touch ya only if I can reach ya I hit this kid I sign up on his beepa And ask him if a had a chance to speak ta Jermaine Palmer who fathers a preacha To make the story short me and my man soon ran Into each other von the humble at a show in San Fran I said "Yo Palma, when did you last see Alana"? He offer me a seat and attempts to make me calma When he began to break it down my mind start to wander Response beyond somber incredible crushed Kinda feelin on my shoulder - that of a boulder To find out that her life was over - it made the room feel colder I thought I could get wif her when she was a little older But she a victim of the wicked system that controlled-a it's all chaotic But if my life it's symbolic forever shadow on my mental I never forgot it Yo the psycotic, the hypnotic check it out the Most Melodic hypnotic Driftin ------- Driftin ------- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Q-Tip Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Ital Typed by: Delph226@aol.com Verse One: Q-Tip I wanna be able to reach an mc and reach a little child in the same degree And my elders excel I mean what the hell we might as well bridge these gaps in all before we fall in the fire Black Thought: It's a million mc's upon a plan they call real tryin' to set it profess mic techniques illegit inaccurate perceptions of reality embedded in their minds thus their rhymes are discredited (check it out) Q-Tip: I use my music implemented with jewels import tools to inspire all those too cool fools who say screw school 'Cause they don't see the conspiracy that's put here to trap you and me Black Thought: Y'all know the battle leutenant be on some whole 'nother other finesse genetic they say I get it from my mother so its' inheredit- ary and very necessary to shine legendarily, heavily refined Q-Tip: Contemporaries like the Roots is so radit's like dage which bag did they come out of, and how can I get in itto win it like raffle ticket pick and if you feelin' something, guess who gets the sticking Black Thought: I got this Ital mad up close and personal the first I find to violate, I shall retal- iate with realisms for their whole local we on point like decimal Abstract now Q-Tip: MCin while I'm breathingmcin is believing that you can host a ceremony and the dough is never phony in fact, it's very therapeutic like B12 hyperdermic needle so shoot it  Black Thought: Lyrically elicit upstarts the explicit most wicked seven digit mic wizardmy tongue lashes out and strikes with it just slightly might miss it when I blast through your section or district CHORUS Verse Two: Black Thought In my formitive by my peers I was influenced until the instruments of time killed the congruence I peeped the blue prints on how to make true sense of MC's which are a nuisance I know just what to do sinceI'm on another lev. brothers is fakin' jacks and think they ready for the rev. but they got a lot to learn, to make theri thoughts long term 'cause on theri short-cuts they made a wrong turn probably, timelessly I construct the firesome to rip your eardrum for many years to come professional style thinkin' rational to move wise so hard it's a wonder y'all alive... Q-Tip: ...And still breathin', niggaz is dead and not even perpetuatin' real life the shit kicked is real trife ayo they fake bleedin' It's obvious that they needin' attention feedin' they cold actin' like heathens when mics is picked up MC's scenes is kicked up like women with the gripper drinking Moet 'till they hiccup fellas hustlin' picking bricks up fantasizin' about the illest stick up but rip up the jam and we be truly impressed on stage you won't need your tef. vest only a mic with and a mic test and at your best you get blessed by the fans who profess that they can relate  with the trials you tribulate or the pains you endure  'cause some cats is pure tell horors that are true but see cats like you y'all fake joints just tyo get a woo-woo the tear jerker you be that miracle worker whose miracle just ran out I think it's time you pan out or just plain fade, 'cause yo you played we 'bout to drop on you like the Everglades The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Ursula Rucker Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: The Adventures in Wonderland Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ursula Rucker] Fuck.. kill.. and prosper is the gospel of Wonderland, where street sands, are quick..  to suck you down to the abyss with the lure of pure bliss if you kiss the dicks of the niggaz? Never.. Nosferatu's Those witches and warlocks in blue Government gumshoe, keepers of the First Zoo Who? .. Me? ..  I'm the modern day vixen vampire slayer Unauthorized player, in the capitalist contest to see who "Gets Money" No milk and honey, in this land cause justice has been banned So it's play dirty or die by the hand that's holding all the guns Plunged, deep into religion was my first decision To save me and my daughter's lives, but I can't thrive off spirit and scripture The picture grew clearer; I made the move to rear her in a life wanting for nothing so I got into this drug thing Not doing, but dealing Sealing fates and, healing struggle gaped, wounds of the doomed became my mission Izm was just too small time I had to find the best design to fuck with the massive motherfuckers minds, and pockets So I sold ? kits and, alleyway thigh splits for two bits and, five year old preschool pussy and, once strong now bony backs and stretched out weary racks of snatch, in other words.. .. I sold crack Morality was buried deep, beneath the new Jeep, silk sheets and money heaps Still the good mother, I sent my daughter off to boarding school to keep shit under cover All the while envisioning myself, a champion of ghetto causes plus his, game I was playing, and winning While sinning, against myself and soul to get the gold I was the Female Don, the Crack Queen To me I seemed unstoppable, my coffers full I went buckwild, wanting more like the pipe worn whores I began to deplore No time for playing with my coochie counting my man's mad lucci while he was up inside some hoochie's loose piece I signed the checks and, I counted out the cash Wasn't saving ass for no niggaz sent upriver I thought my shit was tight.. .. til my empire started to quiver Taking every chance, under surveillance, being listened to And watched, like Assata Shakur My place on the top was no more sure Loose lips flipped the script The fantasy trip, swiftly ended It took no time to blend in, with the population prison My jaded vision, busted like a cherry Every, dream I had, now tainted bad I fucked and, I killed, to prosper Upheld each tenant, of the ghastly gospel Shift to a different Wonderland to pay the price for my vice A land of fields to toil in like slaves No lillies in this field just plenty of souls to save Plenty of fat uniformed rats with below average size cocks that slither through cell locks, in the night Lactating tits being licked, left and right Plenty of coochie, burning with desire Like black churches in the South Black prayers and pussy on fire Penned up behind barbed wire Me and my fellow female mammals, animals Bitches in cages, bodies racked with hormone rages Minds haunted by our children's faces They mace us, with promises of rehabilitation slash corruption Place smoking guns in empty hands of, native sisters and sons I joined in this nation's favorite pasttime on a quest to gets mine Now I'm passing time standing on line in the commissary to buy Maxi-Pads instead of shopping at Barney's for Chanel bags Nana who raised me, went to bed a-dazed via my mistakes, and my daughter hates me for what I did And I'm FUCKED.. and I'm STUCK Doing the Devil's bid Being locked in a moral corrupt crib Psst.. missing my kid.. psst.. hey girl, you wanna get finger fucked tonight? I swear I'll stick it in and up tight just right Yo sis.. I've had to kill and shit Just blow my head pretty and I'll give you a slip ALRIGHT LADIES, LIGHTS OUT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots  Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Table of Contents (Parts 1 & 2) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Part One] [Black Thought] *Background* Is this fast or normal speed? Yea, knawsayin?, yea, Table of Contents Fuckin wit it, one two, it's the Table of Contents, come on (2x) Uh yea, uh huh, yo Check it out, you're now intuned to the sounds of the R to the, double-O to the, T-S and I stretch limit to this profession My voice physically fit, tracks I'm bench-pressing The mic chord is an extension of my intestine Delicate MC's sliced in my delicatessan My mind state is that of the S-P Connection, Pennsy a part of me, South Philly through my arteries Thought the dark one, fearsome, slump son My vocal just a knuckle that sucker punched the drum Hip-hop yo that's my hustle and it kill a kingdom That Fall Apart to drastic propor-tion Lost ones out there, you better stand clear The Fifth Dynasty, it be a world premier Cuttin through like attorneys at law that's car chasin You star gazing, the force y'all facin is the R-to the, double-O to the, T-S an' Y'all niggaz in the mix, keep guessin The world traveller in the flesh without question Last seven years on tour without restin Yo the kind of rapper you should reconsider testin Supreme simply, o-fficial Dundee What I bring'll motivate to move your whole country Throw your hands up if y'all want me to proceed wit And carry out strategic plans to leave wit The title that I'm watchin, Roots we run-ting My Dundee atire for MC hunting Step up and out the ring Y'all niggaz on some other, y'all loud as Don King But wine drink within the danger zone lounging You need to be more aware of your surroundings Reality at times is astounding enough to get your heart pounding It's safe to assume, in all confidence That I'm one of the illest in the seven continents Yo, you on my dick, thanks for the compliments You be fucked up by my Table of Contents *begins fading* Bad Lieutanent, you I been rhymin since The fuckin past tense, fuck no delayin Or playin taking your wing way back in the day of yo Motherfuckin mind [Part Two] [Malik B] It' the R-to the, double-O to the, T-S an' Yo yo, it's the R to the, double-O to the, T-S an' yo  When I strike to excite, I just aim, I never miss Embrace you wit a hug of death, give your ass a slight kiss Toxic words that spill over pages, for ages Impacts like M-16's to twelve gauges The rage is still in me, never act too friendly Scully down creepin while you tilted off Henny Many man begin pure but in this world of sin your Holdin tight my mor-al by in-jure We scramble, because this game life is the gamble Vandalize your terrain, go against the grain Invade your brain wit the collision causing division Sweep your sector, leavin you niggaz for stool-pigeons  Sweep your sector, leavin you niggaz for stool-pigeons Sweep your sector, leavin you niggaz for stool-pigeons My religion is a way of life, but the trife replays Cuz niggaz actin shiest these days Wagin wars, usin dynamics cuz I'ma slam it You talkin all this out out your mouth, you satanic Roam the planet, always takin bullshit for granted Just a cool type of cat but you still can't understand it You told to sit back, stand still and chill Niggaz bound to clap shots cuz they all act ill Wit a sour-ass taste smilin up in your face I'm like trust, never leavin no trial or no trace Disappear wit the wind, ? shows the discipline Twenty-five years of my life I learned to ?miss amend? Peep the structure of a whole empire Smuggled sealed tai, pack lyrics like Kya Verbal messiah, when I cross I set a fire Wacker MC went in doubt cuz I'm for hire *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: The Next Movement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] C'mon.. and yes y'all You are now in tune to the sounds.. of the legendary.. foundation Yeah, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Word up, we got the HOT-HOT music, The HOT MUSIC (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (3X) Yo, one, two, one-two one-two That's how we usually start, once again it's the Thought The Dalai Lama of the mic, the prime minister Thought This directed to whoever in listening range Yo the whole state of things in the world bout to change Black rain fallin from the sky look strange The ghetto is red hot, we steppin on flames Yo, it's inflation on the price for fame and it was all the same, but then the antidote came The Black Thought, ill syllablist, out the Fifth This heavyweight rap shit I'm about to lift LIKE, a phyllum lift up it's seed to sunlight I plug in the mic, draw like a gunfight I never use a cordless, or stand applaudless Sippin cholorophyll out of ill silver goblets I'm like a faucet, monopoly's the object There ain't no way to cut this tap, you got ta get wet Your head is throbbin and I ain't said shit yet The Roots crew, the next movement, c'mon! And yes y'all You are now in tune to the sounds of the legendary, foundation, check it out, uh Testin, yo, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Word up, we got the HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (3X) Word up, the formation of words to fit That's what I usually disturb you with A lot of rappers never heard of this, or know half the time it is You doubt the Illa-Fifth, what could you accomplish? Whether they skywriting your name, or you anonymous You be speechless, with stinging sinuses The Roots royal highnesses through your monitors I tilt my crown, then blow down a diamond kiss You need to buy a CD and stop rewindin this I'm the finalist, shinin like a rugged amethyst And at your music conference, I'm the panelist Listen close to my poetry, I examine this like an analyst, to see if you can handle this Check it out You, got the groove, emcees freeze, stand still, nobody move unless you dealin with The Next Movement The P-Phi-D we be the mon-u-ment I live my life nice, but I'm not too bent You theatrical as a Broadway play, this ain't Rent One hundred percent, straight out the Basement Spreading this across a planet on some next shit How many people feelin this love music? C'mon Yo, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Yo, we got the HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (7X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Step Into the Realm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: repeat 4X Step into the realm, you're bound to get caught And from this worldly life, you'll soon depart [Malik B] Yo, I walk a-cross this, world that's deceptive Beats are perfected, the ghetto's infested with more destruction, my vocal eruption was speakin bout corruption with no introduction Approach me with caution cause I spark losses M-Illitant the rap arson, marchin Leavin niggaz stiff like I'm starchin, departin Hollywood Sambos and jokes just like Martin I'm the type of nigga that belongs in a ward with a mic and a cord, to hold your head with a sword Some proclaim lames, callin theyselves bold They shall be flawed, when the claps applaud If this a point of life, one I can't afford Then I have to get sheist and I deal in fraud Now back to the topic of, the rap philosopher With more drama than a soap opera Who stops the propoganda, the hot block commander Puttin a halt to all the backtalk and slander Warn every challenger, about the silencer Muzzle in your mouth for the days that's on the calendar Chorus [Black Thought] I'm from the valley of the heavyheads, watch the ghetto pre-medical undergrads, and steady red faces of stone Eyes are crevices, life like a double negative Philly crimin-al, I rhyme my, dirt Tariq already did Buildin this, Fifth foundation in the wilderness Thought-less, trespass and enter Thought's fortress Limitless entrance, paid, to the order of the cypher slaughterer, my mic slappin you senseless Defenseless, niggaz never movin me inches The beat Fifth, invisi-ble in the trenches Afficiando, awesome hip-hop drug problem Fuck stardom, and chickens up in Gotham Poltergeist, slit or choke the mic, til it scream to me STOP THAT, cash we conveniently got that I stroll through your scenery cocked back Me and Hot Mack, the nine-eight, El Dorado Cadillac Jacks Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: The Spark Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ("You'll soon depart.." *echoes from the last track*) Chorus: Malik B (2X) Yo, the feet that I walk with The ears that I hear with, the eyes that I see with The mouth that I talk with, the terror that I stalk with Now it's time to spark shit [Malik B] Look God, I walk around a little edgy already Y'all MC's come into my face, but my aim's steady M-illitant is skilled in most strategic plan I float across seas and, breezed across land Standin, in these thoughts of murder within The structure of this world that's corrupted with sin I'm always hittin, to leave MC's guessin For any transgression, in my perimeter there will be a blessing, and your explicit intoxicated buddha session, to stop stressin me with the madness, puttin niggaz on my had list No sadness is felt, you shuffled and your cards get dealt Jim Carrey ass niggaz start to melt Impact like a buckle bein swung from off a belt Any help for shelter, when in the realms of a welter My weight will tilt ya, hold alignments and change your filter My attitude a product of society So sometimes for gratitude, you know you can't rely on me Niggaz eyein me, with looks of they anxiety Wonderin what's in my heart, velocity or piety Yo, it depends on which one, you bring to surface At times I get trife, but what to worship is my purpose Malik B blend with the tree, to spot an enemy You cloggin me up cat, now vacant the vicinity Chorus [Malik B] I'm symbolic to a ballot, it's Abdul Malik Don't approach with bullshit, I'm quick to call it invalid Route through your district, we keep it simplistic No need for the rapper to talk, put it on halt Show me the vault, or the safe, cause I'm on the paper chase Wade through route states for bout thirty down my waist I'm tryin to get it, these rain bottlin thoughts become acidic With one in the chamber, ready to aim and spit it A girlfriend and team made nigga cash just splintered I take what you got to give, cause I got to live The last hour, I bet your ass ? Might act up, but I still can pass dowa I'm usin new ways to try to reach these better days Instead of tryin to take you under I just make you wonder I still fast, make salaat, and pay zakaat I didn't make Haj yet, but that's my next project Livin two lives, one of turn and one with true lies Keepin a hoe, knowin these hands into my du'a In the quarters livin modest with my nigga Trotter I circle my foes, like tawaf around the kaba I used to live life, like there was no manana Now I'm treatin every breath, like it was your honor I'm Mill-itill-itant with the Fifth that stand firm like a pillar, I'm I and T-L like Manilla Chorus 2X This is what it's all about (7X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Elo Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Dynamite! Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Uh uh, come on, S-P in the Up north into the NYC and the out West And to niggas in Cali and the Down South type dynamite What, yo yo come on dynamite dynamite Uh check it out, uh uh  Yo yo yo yo yo check it out Eve-ry bo-dy, touch this Illa-Fifth Dynamite C'mon, touch this Illa-Fifth Dynamite C'mon, touch this Illa-Fifth Dynamite Check it out, eve-ry bo-dy  Touch this Illa-Fifth Dynamite C'mon, touch this Illa-Fifth Dynamite C'mon, touch this Illa-Fith Dynamite Yo, check it out In in tro tro duc ducing  The sole missin link, what could MC's who listen think It's Black Thought, open your eyes and don't blink Yo, to rock this mic is like a basic instinct But yo in-in-tro-tro-duc-ducing [Elo] Behind thee, the mic champ-ion More than a step-ion Mothafuckers sweatin me, beggin me just to get me on Macro-cosmic, micro-master [Black Thought] Aiyyo I'm all the way way, Phil Phil-lay-lay People wanna see the way the Illadel play Yo, look in the mirror, watch what yourself say I'm from S-P, no mortal man can test me Thought, I keep a lin-e in, upper eschulone-in Heineken, hold the rhymin in, flows remindin em Cats that hear me up, some shit from back in the past Your half-steppin ass, could never fathom a grasp because  [Elo] Yo we got a doctrine, in cold-rockin it Bringin this apocalype, nigga you mad topical *Bitch* my raps trick your optical Mister superficial, I'm rippin apart your heart tissue This is your official, dismissal I don't study the artificial, who fuckin wit the dark crystal Yo where are is you? I'm movin like a smart missle Aimed and guaranteed to hit you [Black Thought] Word up, but when the Fifth do get on and perform, you in for it It ain't no way to cen-sor it, my style metaphoric To bricks and ten tons stacks hard to lift The artist, comin out the Fifth darkness [Elo] We go back like ancients, while you ain't shit Sub-terrainean, never against the grain-ean Afro-American slash half-blade-ean In your universe, my star's the most radiant Chorus [Black Thought] Aiyyo it's all the way live, from 2-1-5 Plus admission is denied so just wait outside Two extremes collide like Jekyl and Hyde And I provie you wit the swerve you need, but take heed You travellin like speed Iller than adventures you might read O-fficial original breed, the just-ice league, yo it's the P-5-D Style fashionist, other MC's they actresses [Elo] Yo it's the high-opposed, you bout to get shot down Tryin to fly above this Illa-Fifth compound You've known since the get-go, I rock your disco Ain't nobody badder, but yo you get my gist so I represent so you gotta squint As far as how I do it you ain't compen-sate We causin nui-sance and get in-decent so save your two cents Don't come in my district, kickin that *bullshit* [Black Thought] Yo it's all simplistic, limited click get Lyrically lifted, touchin the Fifth shit Trenches of the mentally twisted, you enlisted 5 was the emblem on the mic you got hit wit [Elo] And I stomp ya, till you call me conqueror Back-slappin all the niggas that slept Thinkin that Elo could ever disappear I'm strippin they vi near Wit this non ether reefer, quiet frequent premiere Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Lady B Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Without a Doubt Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hey, hey, hey hey Hey, yes, yes I C'mon, c'mon uh, uh.. uh [Lady B] Another one of those Saturday Nights y'all Yo y'all, take heed Yeah, check it out, c'mon You're now rockin with the best.. uh [Lady B] Without a doubt, take heed y'all C'mon, yeah, uh Uh, yo, about to give you what you need y'all [Lady B] Without a doubt [Black Thought] Check it out now, it's the type cerebral World renowned, illustrious, ille-gal My musical affection, bubblin within your zone like champagne, known as the Fifth campaign Thought be doin his damn thang Bent like, a boomerang, tryin to maintain I'm both yin and yang from Mi Kan Lang What your lady gettin me up? I'm never answering Let her miss me, see me then she off tryin to kiss me Talkin bout, "I dig you Tariq, the way you twist me" Meanwhile, she comin home tipsy, all grinnin And what you used to fit em before, you now swimmin Just take a dive P-5 deep, the team winnin Takin hip-hop back to, the beginnin Cause MC's are pretendin, I slap your sound out the sky like I'm goaltendin, bring your career to an endin, enter the next era trascendin for real Knahmsayin? If not, then man listen For you to try to fuck with the Fifth, that's ambition I let y'all know the time indeed, y'all need to take heed y'all [Lady B] Get a little P-5-D y'all    Straight from the town of Phil-ly y'all    But we about to give you what you need y'all    Without a doubt [Lady B] Take heed y'all, get a little P-5-D y'all    Straight from the town of Phil-ly y'all    But we about to give you what you need y'all    Without a doubt [Black Thought] Yo, I control the stadium like the law long arm Warn, ring the alarm, cause here The Roots come The funk's all ready for whoever want some Your album get split like, a lump sum No doubt, under this influencin of outcome Millenium spaceship, totally wasted Schoolly D classic, though I vocally laced it Taste this swerve on a regular basis Servin y'all whatever the place is Blowin conniseur quality in my competitor's faces This is without doubt, your lady pass out This Illa-Fifth Twilight Zone, you ass out Shout, to my brothers on back route Whippin the short that's smacked out, dig it Strump this in your casette deck, hip-hop has not left yet I sent a verse in the mail like, a death threat The critically acclaimed composer, stand over whichever mute miniscule mic holder You never knew the real before, yo I show ya You need to make your thoughts more sober, think it over [Lady B] Take heed y'all, get a little P-5-D y'all    Straight from the town of Phil-ly y'all    But we about to give you what you need y'all    Without a doubt (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Ain't Sayin' Nothing New Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought - amidst ad libbing voices] What the fuck, what what what? Nuttin new, nuttin new.. What? Nuttin new.. check Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new I represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin, check shit out It's nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Nuttin new, nuttin new... Ghetto related with this hit the whole world awaited Y'all Dorito-head cats that yak and stagnated Black Thought, The Doug E. Most war vete-ran Crown ruler, soul controller of this lyrical land Spliff wizard kid, who is it? Fifth Dinosaur Ghetto, beat detonator Apex my level, NEXT, my complex pattern of speech is like sex I mastered the art of makin you snap the necks And Chase Manhattan endorse my mic checks Upset, poet threat Just collectin my debt, yo I'm overpaid in dues blood tears and sweat, when you fuckin with The Roots that's as good as it get, Ultramagnet We pull you in a Drag-net then brainwash your click and extort your assets, then roadie all your homies on some old school shit, Roots crew represent [Dice Raw] Life's a gamble, step up and place your bets I drift through space, then make my escape on through the 'net With CD's, cassettes, no C.O.D.'s or checks Straight from the old school, aiyyo Raw's in full effect I'm like, Lex Luthor with rifles filled with kryptonite When you grip the mic it's like -- c'mon kids, let's say goodnight! You don't like me?! But don't even know why should you hate me You scared to face these so I still remain safely confidin, North Phil' where I'm residin Never let an outside nigga slide in This ain't home plate, I dunk on you once inside the paint Flow like this you cain't, take me you out, you ain't! [Black Thought] Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Nuttin new, nuttin new, tell me what you could do Yo we drop the funk, and do the shit Yo, head lost, sippin this Lambic Framboise Spittin it for like whoever demand the answer What's the cure for this hip-hop cancer? Equivalent to this avalanche of black snow, rap flow to get my people thinkin mo', we at the brink of war What does it all mean? What's it all for? With knowledge of yourself, then you're through the first door My people hungry and thirst for more next music explore It's heavenly to your ebony daughter next door So what you think The Roots get the world respect for? The splendid authentic hip-hop that's raw core Severe, world premier, a superior sophomore No doubt, wherever you dwell, that's where the bomb fell Explodin from the imperial en-sem-ble, for real From the ven-ue to the avenue We truly only got respect for a few, y'all ain't sayin nuttin new [Black Thought] Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew Roots crew comin through, tell me what you could do Yo you lookin for me? Nah we lookin for you Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Represent the legendary.. with nuttin to do For you.. yo, lyrical one two Blow up y'all, it's nuttin new, nuttin new [Dice Raw] Look at y'all you just a army ant, I'm a gi-ant, arm fist King of my city, runnin this shit, just like a ty-rant Y'all clowns know what I meant, that's if we at war Then my henchmen, will be at your back door, uhh WAITIN, wise at debatin; trippin over Legos Runnin up the steps and lookin for a weapon But you come out wavin a white flag; that's why I just backslap that ass like Shaq did Ostertag Either take me or be taken, you think I'm goin down? PSYCH, the jury, they're still deliberatin I got half of they kids, tied up in a basement Nah I'm just playin yo but that's how I'm playin doe Dig what I'm sayin yo? D-I-C-E Shove a mic in your mouth, like Ted DiBiase When you come sloppy, fuck is y'all tryin to do? Y'all into, some wack shit, and ain't sayin nuttin new [Black Thought] Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew Roots crew comin through, tell me what you could do One two, one two, yo.. we lookin for you One two, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Represent, Fifty Dynasty crew Check it out, what? Well one-two one-two, one-two Knahmsayin yo? It's nuttin new Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new Represent the legendary.. Fifth Dynasty crew Roots crew, tell me what you could do You lookin for me.. we're lookin for.. one-two, one-two Ha hah HAH! Y'all ain't sayin nuttin new Wha-wha-one-two, one-two Represent the legendary Fifth.. knahmsayin? Blowin your vent, yo, content yo, it's like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Mos Def Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Double Trouble Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * about 35 seconds of ad libs * [Black Thought] We go wow, ba-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall, just sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Runnin one on one and only hip-hop bound Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [Black Thought] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) Well it's like smack the track up and leave dents in it The vocalist, bustin this blunt, instrument spit The magnificent, rapper's run from it All fly girls, nipples and toes, numb from it MC's in my circumference, is confronted son Get your growth stunted from this, you don't want it (What nigga?) The Black Thought and M-O-S Def done it Who the ultimate? Yo my man speak upon it [Mos Def] Aiyyo I stop fools and drop jewels but never run it Rock mics so nice I make you stock price plummet All you high noon riders better rally at the summit It's me and Tariq and your fleet outnumbered Cross the membrane barkin big game and get hunted Eyewitness account, say it happened so sudden Just slid off to the side, didn't really say nuttin Then BLAOW, blew away the 1900th [Black Thought] You better get your rest cause the next day comin Oh yes, and MC's they scared to say sum'tin Stop frontin, I'm in the cut just onlookin Your get your kings, your rooks, rings and pawns tooken [Mos Def] Aiyyo, keep your tape rollin so you catch every bar of the Black Thought and the black man from Black Star Illadelph and Vietnam we conference, accomplish Even with stakes inclined, I get mine, regardless [Black Thought] Yo, a lot of Smurfette MC's carry purses And rock, uniforms, that's made for nurses I burst your verses, your words is worthless Only touchin surface, the FUCK's the purpose? [Mos Def] I shot the sherriff, the deputy, and head of bank treasury So mounties in the county got a BIG bounty stressin me But tell 'em to hold off, they too short to measure me Mos and Black Thought blast forth with the weaponry [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Yeah, now check your stove top before you take a listen And make sure beans don't burn in the kitchen These gassed-up niggaz just ain't fuel efficient I play the winter breeze to choke hold your piston (eh-eh-eh-eh) Now you niggaz can't make pole position Class E chassis can't hold the transmission Crew pit, useless, they got they tools missin Watch me, grand prix, champy for wealth driven [Black Thought] Yo, you go one for my hustle (hustle) Two to rock rhyme (two to rock rhyme) From the muscle kid I'm one of the illets of all time I swing from chandeliers and wall climb And specialize in warfares of all kind A lot of MC's said I'm a run it down rhyme But half the time, they run it down one of mine Thought suffocatin em with yet another stunnin line You dumb and blind kid, it's enlarged and underlined [Mos Def] What I memorized leave your whole staff pressurized Melt down all of your artificial lies Y'all niggaz is faker than Yellow No. 5 Swine like mono and diglyceride My vocals got texture, you just texturized I'm nicer than your writtens even when I'm improvised Step into my zone get flown like fly by the b-boy Lazarus who just won't die [Black Thought] Yo, me and Kamal and Leanord Hubbard, ?uestlove and Malik We go back to dollar hoagies and Tahitian Treat Or like toast in the oven with government cheese bubblin Me and Dante like Marvin, The Troublemen travellin Give me the mic, we on that again b-boy business, off the top actin and battlin Servin them cats that forgot But don't get too close, because you might get shot [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) We go blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Went from _Do You Want More?!??!!_ to what you want now? [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Say here's a little story that must be told About two young brothers who got so much soul They takin total control, of the body and brain Flyin high in the sky, on a lyrical plane It's just two bad brothers who will never quit Mos Def and Tariq from the 2-1-5th They rock beginnin to end, on a spiritual blend And everybody who forgot then baby tell em again It's just me and Tariq, with Ahmir on the beat The Roots crew baby yo we got to make it unique We got the soul-shockinest, body-rockinest Non-stoppinest, _Fortified Live_ survive the apocalypse Rhymes we say, the perfect blend Because we know how to rock when the beat come in Like zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen, ZEN zen ZEN zen Here we go, here we here we here we go Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Let the poppers pop, and the breakers break Then zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Two years ago, a friend of mine Zen zen, ZEN zen, zen-zen zen-zen... *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Act Too.. The Love of My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What? Hip-Hop y'all, to the top y'all Hip-Hop check it out It's like that, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the check it out Yo, what? And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hop love) To the top (to the top) hip-hop, check it out It's like, word up, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life (of my life) [Black Thought] The anticipation arose as time froze I stared off the stage with my eyes closed and dove into the deep cosmos The impact pushed back, the first five rows But before the raw live shows I remember I'se a little snot-nosed Rockin Gazelle, goggles and Izod clothes Learnin the ropes of ghetto survival Peepin out the situation I had to slide through Had to watch my back my front plus my sides too When it came to gettin mine I ain't tryin, to argue Sometimes I wouldn'ta made it if it wasn't for you Hip-Hop, you the love of my life and that's true When I was handlin the shit I had to do It was all for you, from the door for you Speak through you, gettin paper on tour for you From the start, Thought was down by law for you Used to hit up every corner store wall for you We ripped shit, and kept it hardcore for you I remember late nights, steady rockin the mic Hip-Hop, you the love of my life So tell the people like that y'all (that y'all) And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the top.. [Common] Yo, yo I was speakin, to my guy 'Riq and How she was desperately seekin to Organize in a Konfusion Usin, no protection, told H.E.R. on _Resurrection_ Caught in the Hype Williams, and lost H.E.R. direction Gettin eight/ate in sections where I wouldn't eat H.E.R. An under the counter love, so _Silent_-ly I _Treat_ H.E.R. Her Daddy'll beat H.E.R., eyes all Puff-ed In the mix on tape, niggaz had her in the buff When we touch, it was more than just a fuck The Police, in her I found peace (like who?) Like Malcolm in the East Seen H.E.R. on the streets of New York, trickin off Tried to make a hit with H.E.R. but my dick went soft Movin weight, losin weight, not picky - with who she choose to date To confuse the hate, with her struggle I relate Close to thirty, most of the niggaz she know is dirty Havin more babies than Lauryn, she started showin early As of late I realized, that this is H.E.R. fate Or destiny that brings the best of me It's like God is testin me In _Retrospect_ I see she brought _Life_ and death to me Peace to us collectively, live and direct when we perform It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes Over H.E.R. I got into it with that nigga Ice Cube Now the fight moved to in life, makin the right moves Besides God and family, you my life's jewel Like that y'all Hip-Hop.. *echoes* [whispered] Take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hip) To the top, hip-hop (hip-hop) check it out [Black Thought - louder] It's like, word up, and it sounds nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life, what? Bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, yo Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop, word up, to the top (to the top) Hip-Hop, check it out It's like that, what? And it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out What? Yeah, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life Bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop (hip-hop) to the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out, yo Ye-yeh-yo, yo, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take you to the top love, hip-hop (hip-hop) To the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Check it out, it's like, yeah, and it's sounds alright Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout, take it to the to the to the *vocals fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: 100% Dundee Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash One one one one two P-P-5-D Yeah, yeah, P-P-5-D I'm sayin, yo Touch this yo, knahmsayin what?  Yo-yo, yo, 100%.. [Black Thought] Yo! On these seventy-three keys, of ivory and ebony I swear solemnly that I'll forever rock steadily People wanna know where Malik? He right next to me The weaponry, the secret recipe Hard to peep this, deep shit, shows I eat with Contaminated thoughts I walk the street with I bayonnet cassettes and chop beats with this olympic lyricism you can't, compete with Globe travellin, throwin your verse like a javelin Things Fall Apart and MC's unravellin Backstage whisperin to management like "change the order, it's no way that we can rock after them" My man sport the 'fro like _What's Happenin?_ From the latest hi-atus, The Roots back again Your crew practicin to catch this natural blend They packages read "care when handlin" It's all soft shit, batteries not included with Matter of fact, your whole front's a re-enactment I blow your ba-tty ass into fragments, P-5-D The new testament, mic specialist, what? Yeah Check it out, yo (3X) Yo yo, Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee [Black Thought] Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee The Milli-illitant-tant, 'pon cock, ready to rock Power out, in the clout, it seems out, all through your block Posse don't play the cut, but what, you get sheist Got the personality named trife, ready to heist Smashin 'graphs, snatch the ice, crush your mental device Thought twice, shoulda thought once, got played for the dunce Dialogues I moderate, cool out, we outta state Just blendin in the great, give me room to ventilate Most niggaz is fraudulent, the rap seargeant Bargin, through your regiment, call your president Hittin all targets cuz it's a cause that's lost Between the killers when they probably Teddy Ruxpin talk Droppin tears of steel, two drops up in the bucket Facin three ? and a cop so yo fuck it If I get abducted, trapped up in the belly Wacked up my celly, get known like Dawn Stanley You know the deally on the daily in the ? If I sense you got a bend to your kite, then send it up We press up on your corner with windows they're tinted up Lay our props face down on the ground and get it up, what? Face on the ground and get it up [Black Thought] Yo yo, Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee [Black Thought] Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee [Black Thought] Check it out While you pose for pictures, I'm the invisible enigma Down low, scope you off the roof like the fiddler Cage you up in the vocal booth, you're held prisoner Watch, while I'm bangin out this hot shit from Sigma Illa-del-P-A, live without a DJ And it's been that way, since Sergio Vallente Yo, The Roots holdin it down, is all you can say Plus the Black Thought em-cey, professional-lay Push pen to paper like Chinua Achebe Thumpin, what was your assumption I lace your function, make it a Black Thought production Word up I'm on somethin, stellar hold off course I'm gone bluntin, travel light and broadcast via satellite, Illa-Fifth Dynamite Lyrically calculus in this arithametic hip-hop metropolis But loyal fiends coppin this hot shit Yaknahmsayin? Hot shit, word up Illa-Fifth hot shit y'all Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee [Black Thought] Black Thought, I represent the Fifth Dynasty Lyrical click, 100% Dundee [Malik B] Malik B, I represent the P-5-D Guerilla click, 100% Dundee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Diedre vs. Dice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dice Raw] Yo, look at all the scavengers All wannabe contenders Dismember, wack niggaz I intend ta Y'all ain't shit but sticky shit on the bottom of Timber-lands I know you clam heads wanna surrender Don't even act like the battlefield the place you wanna enter Yo niggaz is hopeless, you really need to focus On who's the fuckin dopelist or wind up hopeless Lookin for some soup, tryin to recoup some fuckin loot, only thing you get is the boot To me these punk MC's is nothin but fruit Cakes, shake they booty on stage and get head with lyrics that I kick, talkin that bullshit You might get lit like a front of a spliff for runnin, off at the lips talkin that nonsense Raw get on stage, take your confidence Break you off since powerful defense *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Beanie Siegal Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Adrenaline! Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [Scratch intro] Chorus [Black Thought and Scratch] 2x Once again 'gain Once again 'gain Once again 'gain 'gain ladies and gentlemen Once again 'gain Once again 'gain Once again 'gain 'gain Yo, Adrenaline [Black Thought] Yo I'm in the eye of the storm, where the pressure's on And MC's is dressed funny like a leprechuan I chop rappers up like chicken seczuan Sells a squads off like a slave auction Aiyyo my zodiac sign read caution On stage, I make your seed to an or-phan Yo, my age an algebraic equation Niggas want some? I hit em wit a portion Son, The Fifth foursome, armed at the door son M-illi-tilla, Dice Raw, quick draw son You don't want no more son? That's when more come And drag a nigga Eerie Avenue to Oregon, you're all done Ladies and gentlemen Select the weapon at the gate upon entering, The Roots instrumentaling Spark shit, them niggas try to talk shit We hit em like the L at 60th and Market South Philly clip a hold into a nigga park it Take sneaks, chains and rings and bracelets Split back this like we the therapist Adrenaline, Fifth mic terrorist, once again Chorus [Malik B] Zigga zigga zigga tryin to get a grip but still slip, so lift me up Ever since I was a pup I was designed to errupt You get to know me, you poke me slowly, when caught puzzin Some niggas thought they was, when of course they wasn't Punked em wit a dozen of pellets all in they skelet Transform, from the norm, start to brainstorm Yeah Malik B from The Roots, he ain't gone I took the wrong exit, the sign said Langhorne I'm trapped up in about five worlds wit live pearls Shouts to Armour Akquan who's name is Jalil The moat is deep water so let your hand expand it Demandin, takin you back like Knotts Landing I'm Ralph Cramdon, we out, you'll see in Hampton Yo what the what the what the, what the what the what the Pivot on this concrete earth until I rot Didn't figure how to conquer it yet but still I plot, once again Chorus [Dice Raw] Beans passed the mack and we held em, like hostages Rappers see me, hide they face like ostriches Dice'll grind your brain into little sausages Underwater rap, you know who the bosses is North Philly baby, that's where that Raw shit is You'll get blown out the sky once you get talkative A-D devise rise, I fathered it So when you see me on the street, don't bother kid Just be on your merry way, or you might get slit Ask around, wonderin what Dice Raw did Lay you on floors like ya gettin carpeted You need a special kind of mic for retarded kids Me against you's like Kane verse the Partridges You wanna battle, change your name to The Forfeiters Cuz that's what you do, face to face wit raw niggas I give you a bad case of the fucked-up jitters, once again Chorus [Beanie Siegal] They used to talk shit, but I'ma quiet them Kick in the door wit my boys stick to riotin First nigga that flinch, I'ma fire em Tape em up, grip his hands, and plyer em Know the bricks is in here, where you hidin em? Don't die in the shit that you lyin in Used to get fronted bricks, now I'm buyin em Used to cop off my man, now I'm supplyin him Paid the front row seat watchin Iverson First class air crafts what I'm flyin in To L.A., Shaq, Eddie, Kobe Bryant and them Save the jokes for Chris Tucker, Richard Pryor and them Used to shotgun in cars, now I'm drivin em Used to hustle 'round bars, y'all was robbin them Ran up in y'all spot wit Rob and them Grew up, two-four, wit Pie and em But do my dirt, 21st, wit Kyle and them Nigga Pop, nigga Buzz, little Mark and them Brother news, nigga schooled Marley Park and them Nigga jump, pull a pump, low sparkin em I know shit right now gettin dark to them Tore they body all up, ain't no chalkin em Too sharp for them, move out in the dark on em These Illadel foul streets what I'm stompin in once again Chorus [Scratch outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Erykah Badu, Eve Album: Things Fall Apart Song: You Got Me Typed by: jlw343@psu.edu Chorus: Erykah Badu (repeat 2X) If you were worried 'bout where I been or who I saw or what club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me (Black Thought) Somebody told me that this planet was small we use to live in the same building on the same floor and never met before until I'm overseas on tour  and peep this ethiopian queen from philly  taking classes abroad she studying film and photo flash focus record said she workin on a flick and could my click do the score she said she loved my show in paris at Elysee Montmartre and that I stepped off the stage and took a piece of her heart we knew from the start that things fall apart, intentions shatter she like that shit don't matter  when I get home get at her through letter, phone, whatever let's link, let's get together shit you think not, think the Thought went home and forgot time passed, we back in philly now she up in my spa tellin me the things I'm tellin her is makin her hot startin buildin with her constantly round the clock now she in my world like hip-hop  and keep tellin me Chorus [Black Thought] Yo, I'm the type that's always catchin a flight and sometimes I gotta be out at the height of the night and that's when she flip and get on some 'ol [Eve] Another lonely night seems like I'm on the side you only loving your mic I know you gotta get that paper daddy keep that shit tight but yo I need some sort of love in my life, you dig me while politicin with my sister from new york city she said she know this ball player and he think I'm pretty Psych, I'm playin boo, you know it's just wit you I'm stayin boo  and when cats be poppin game I don't hear what they sayin boo when you out there in the world, I'm still your girl with all my classes I don't have the time for life's thrills so when you sweatin on stage think of me when you rhyme and don't be listenin to your homies they be leavin you blind [Black] Yeah, so what you sayin I can trust you? [Eve]	Is you crazy, you my king for real [Both]	But sometimes relationships get ill [Eve]	No doubt Chorus [Black Thought] Thet snake could be that chick  and that rat could be that cool cat that's whispering "she tryin to play you for the fool Black" if something's on your chest then let it be known see I'm not your every five minutes all on the phone and on the topic of trust, it's just a matter of fact that people bite back and fracture what's intact and they'll forever be I ain't on some "oh I'm a celebrity" I deal with the real so if it's artificial let it be I've seen people caught in love like whirlwinds listening to they squads and listening to girlfriends that's exactly the point where they whole world ends lies come in, that's where that drama begins, she like Chorus: repeat until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Don't See Us Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Uh, what what, yo yo P-5-D uncut Check it out, yo yo, S-P uncut Yo yo, what P-5-D uncut, yeah yeah it's that Philly shit Yo yo, check it out, yo yo Chorus 2x Chorus [Malik B] You Don't See Us, but we see you You stuck on sleep, get on your P's and Q's Cuz you will get crept, wit no discrept You know the rep, we keep the flows in check [Black Thought] Mesmerizing, state of the art caffeine It's over head like Omniverse screen I'm not the average savage that curse queens I'm something from his worst dreams First we handling first things, I'm subsurface un-seen Grat'll hold planet by purse strings MC's are earthlings, not built to hurt things Speakin the words of weaklings, nothin but sweet things [Malik B] Man each world, it ain't no time to recline Act up, get clapped up, my mind is the nine Shine like jewels that spark, swimmin wit sharks Never caught speakin to NARC's, that's weak in the parks I'm the type to sit back and analyze the prize Grip it up and flee the scene wit a different disguise Take a detour, I be all that I can be whore Talkin to this *bitch* life, had to make her my wife Live twice, got seven more lives to live I'm all out, takin things to the fullest extent Help me get it down and we can split one-hundred percent Run a rapper through a maze like a experiment Word up, you know the legendary Roots crew, yo Chorus 2x [Dice Raw] The Raw Dice rise like a creature from out the swamp Wit my blood-thirsty clergy that's on the hunt for conk Who pumps your heart, I made you wanna rhyme from the start You should be more alert, then you wouldn't get hurt Get off your horse and on your P's and beware Of images you seein, did deceiving, you're scared And even more shook up than the scenes that's near I'm Dice Raw, sting the inside of your mouth like a cold sore Who wanna piece, well it's Round One, let's begin I got a gun that's don't bust, it just suck niggaz in  I got shit that'll have you beggin me to shoot ya I'm the professor, you rock a dunce cap, go get a tutor [Black Thought] Yo, Okay Computer, Radiohead's knock to the Future Shock like Kurtis, at your service None other than, the Fifth governing playin the cut again Y'all clueless to what the fuck is up again Yo, hard times and sufferin What, my peoples in the crevices strugglin 'Nuff of them ?untie? soldier thespian But I'm from the next e-on, supreme being that's unseen for MC'n Chorus 2x [Malik B] Yo, they all around me 'round me On my head, they got a bounty I'm tryin to get this bell up so I can flee your county Triple-six, come in my mix, flood it wit tricks I'm sharper than rough spoons for icepicks Niggaz price bricks till dawn, if the money is long Cats who play strong will inhale, then go play bong You wrong son, you thought I wasn't droppin a ton Sit and think about the way I wanna tally a sum [Dice Raw] Aiyyo I sneakfully snuck up from behind and got you >From over there in them bushes, I chilled and watched you Dancin all dolly as you pussy for them folly I knock you out wit one punch from me you been Ali-ed I float like hovercrafts and sting like vaccinations WHen my name said out loud, you'll lose your concentration Dice Raw, D-I-C-E-R-A-W, you wanna take it Otherwise, fuck you gon' do? That's what I thought, nada, nothing, caput, zero Rough as sandpaper but still smooth as a tiptoe Raw's takin over, baby don't tell me you ain't know A lot of kids can rap but you fuckin wit the pros [Black Thought] Namsayin, y'all know the legendary Roots crew, it's like Chorus to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	The Roots f/ Ursula Rucker) Album: Things Fall Apart Song:	Return to Innocence Lost Typed by: eesteves@lynx.neu.edu (Ursula Rucker) Muffled sound of fist on flesh Blows to chest No breath Air gasps You ain't nothing but white trash, bitch! With each hit, each kick, each...broken rib Crack, Crack! Bones are crying Mommy's crying and bleeding And pleading And then... Daddy wants to fuck Dick hard, swelled with power rush And as if all that wasn't enough Mommy's seven months heavy with birth As...Daddy grunts and cursed drunk nothings in her bloodied ear (singing softly) First...lullaby First...Son...will...ever...hear And never forget Mommy almost bled to death when she have him...finally She'd already lost...three  Uterus-bruised, shredded, and weak >From being daily beat And Friday nights were the worse and... Daddy never came with flowers Instead he spent hours at some corner spot With some bar pop named Cookie Putting his thing down Soiling Mommy's sheets with... Sweet...talk shit,  Cookie's cheap lipstick,  Hair grease, sperm, and jezebel juice To hell with the good news that... He was a father for the first time His thirst for wine and women Clouded his vision... No warm welcome for mother and son Just... The rank smell of ass-crack, funk, and cum But Mommy's prayerful strength-her best defense She...burned the dirty linens Made a fresh bed Laid sleeping First Son down And never made a sound As she purged her scourge With birth-blood and quiet tears Watching as her fears and love and sacrifice Lie there in his soft skin and new life Breathing, dreaming, fresh from God's eye Mommy's little survivor Like...her Mommy called crazy and scorned 'Cuz she two more born One boy soon after The girl much later and... Although they were both sung the same lullabies of hate  Her...First Son, the first one Whose...womb-world was profaned Came of age playing street games With Stewie, Rezzie, and Little Brother 'Till his heart start to wither In pain and shame Blamed Mom for the wrong she let Daddy do to her And him... Let...sins of the Father cause his Innocence to wander Found out amongst thieves  Chose to squander his dreams Stopped believing in himself Become prodigal with his life Make impossible shit right with... Gang-ties, crime, lies Erase wise, woeful words of Mother Replaced them with absurdities of others Who had also lost their way Played a different kind of street game now First Son plunged deep Speak street-family vows Espouse no causes but his own See, he couldn't protect Mommy's neck from Daddy's grasp Or...protect Mommy's ass from Daddy's wrath Couldn't shield her ears from... Daddy's foul-mouthed, liquor-breath jeers His only defense-served be confidence Brown bottles housed his swift descent Phones called cops on block frequent for his shenanigans Now...Daddy and him twins in addiction Driven to false-hearted heavens and friends By liquefied demons Had become what he despised from Conception 'til End Destined for a demise Survived nine lives of staying high Conning, jewelry-pawning, arrests, theft Womanizing...only for money, never for sex Bullet in chest, baseball bat to the head Left for dead So, eyes wide and glassy Speech...slowed and slurred Lips twitched with caked-up codeine candy And mouth corners one December 24th Mr. Hide and False Friend Took final ride to suburban supplier Shots were fired by the gray man With shaky hand But not shaky enough to miss... Hit...Lost Boy in back So-called Friend runs for door Leaves First Son blood-born Lying alone in blood on cold floor Death was the cause of... Returning to Innocence Lost... Baby 'Sis awake for dawn on Christmas morn To Mommy's sobs and shakes Daddy's silhouettes of regret All past, omitted, and absolved by lost As they clung to each other Knowing... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Act Fore... The End? Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Yeah yeah yeah, yes I, no doubt yes I (P-5-D) Check it out, yo yo Areegato, to all my people in Japan Whether you rockin Cartier or Pierre Cardan I'm barging in like excuse, I beg your pardon To crush carbon copy MC's wit clone jargon Move the crowd to leave the microphone sparkin Leave you caught inside the lines of my page beneath the margin Now we could mud-sling to cease the foul-talkin I personally would rather keep things peace, but it's your option I hit the block wit hip-hop, it's like oxen Stampede wit lyrical heavyweight boxing Yo, just give thanks it's the new shit For y'all to ever try to sleep on this is stupid My thought's deep like the upright acustic Bass, Cold Crush like Charlie Chase To keep the ladies grindin like a slow jam You just a slow-jam fizz kid, get wit the program My style hundred proof, I pause for no man The Fifth Dy-nas-ty, that's the slogan >From S-P to West-P to Logan The planet is a parachute, I got em open Aiyyo I'm out there, aiyyo I'm still out there Worldwide yo I'm still out there, Roots Crew forever out there Aiyyo I'm out there, SP to the, out there Aiyyo I'm out there, what, I'm still out there Check it out yo (worldwide) I'm still out there check it out C'mon, yo I'm out there, aiyyo I'm still out there Roots crew to the to the to the to the Y'all know the name, I got game like an Evangelist Relax to my man D'Angel-ist, who could ever cancel this Music growth, it's cancerous not glamorous Yo the lifestyle I embrace to some scandalous I chop joke MC's like choke sandwiches And backslap the snare drum open-handed wit my vo-cal So I'm far from lo-cal My peoples got to keep me in they fo-cal Perform Al Jerome style, then act like you know now  Surf the internet, inspect my profile Return to menu if you miss this Your girlfriend said my music is futuristic Then kissed me on my neck, left marks of lipstick Then came to the spot and we got lifted I rip shit on the solo unassisted Or wit Malik and the Fifth Click, so y'all should keep your lips zipped Y'all don't know what it's about, get on route I hold it down wit no doubt and sip Stout And got the hot record out Y'all need to let your necks snap back, check it out, word up Yo I'm out there, aiyyo I'm still out there Worldwide son I'm still out there, check it out Roots crew forever out there, you know I'm still out there What what what out there, knamsayin To you out there, P-5-D out there What what, S-P out there yaknamsayin (S-P forever) Philly out there, aiyyo I'm still out there (2-1-5th) S-P to the, to the to the to the Aiyyo so what's the Fifth then? The Million Dollar Question We veterans, lyrically threatening freshmen Y'all lookin at next year, I see the next ten And front on me strategically, plan positioning Out there, steppin into your world I'm visitin Discography time less you keep listenin Within the crevices these clones is missing in Action, mysterious magnetic attraction wit that thing My melody like Nat King, and MC's is so un-inter-esting Forever givin y'all the next best thing I give it to you like pink champelle and ink bing I drink Yuengling, JaRoots and Ginseng You testin me, ock? yo what was you thinkin You buggin off the energy the king bring A delivery that you're forever remembering Aiyyo I'm out there, aiyyo I'm still out there S-P (worldwide) out there, check it out It's the Roots, we out there Aiyyo I'm still out there, Roots Crew out there Check it out, aiyyo I'm out there We infinitely out there, worldwide son check it out Out there check it out (S-P), aiyyo I'm out there Aiyyo I'm still out there, what what (P-5-D, Roots Crew out there) Check it out, it's like The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Legendary EP Song: Table of Contents Part 3 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Hit the flo' ah, cuz it's bout to blow ah C'mon, hit the flo' ah, it's bout to blow ah Hit the flo' ah, it's about to blow ah Hit the flo' ah, cuz it's about to blow ah Lyrical landslide, bonafide worldwide live Shit to make my niggas in the west just vibe Comin out the numero that don't divide That's 5, talk hustle that's the way we survive My alter-ego, Five-Hundred Fifty-Five people collide Beneath a ?counter-locks? last like a thousand shots Black Thought, SP side-clout to strut on sidewalk Dip like high drug, spit fire fly third eye talk That leave your mind struck What, Miss Kinda you fuckin the rhyme up Yo my man OC told ya Time's Up React/Respond what, y'all MC's is awe-struck Pull a seat up at my Table of Contents But kill all the nonsense, I'm readin your contents, you hate it The CEO, SP Incorporated Supreme rap manuevers dat deleted orchestrated Yamsayin, the most awaited back again Shorty said "Where ya been?" That I can't divulge, you can check for the bulge Or roll over in dough Yamsayin get overwhelmed, develop like film Step up Into The Realm, what Into The Realm Yamean, P-P, fam Malik B *scatting* Yamsayin, word up you gone lose CONTROL Yamsayin, MC's you got BIT the FLOW Yamean, it's bout to BLOW Check it out, c'mon wit the FLOW Yo yo, aight playa, I got whatever kind of flavor Rock from LA to Colorado to Decatur Wherever I walk stay smoked for hours later I stumble into some trees to scuff up your gators Now what you and your lady know, don't she tell you how she A this nigga? She hit me up wit like fifty-five pages My sound take you from conception to death stages Introducin Adrenaline, it's outrageous Lift you up like you're weightless Yo sit down it's hard to take this bad news to spread around Now I'm about to let you know what's up now You'll be like "That's what's up now" I'm Black Thought, I'll pull the ground up from under your feet Like it's a throw rug, my vocal impact that of a fo-fo slug You hold your chest like "Hold up, I need time to think" And detonate don't blink Yamsayin, hit the floor again now you extinct Check it out, when we warrin in we on the brink Insanity, niggas is panickin, ya tryin to run Check it out, aiyyo yo the fearsome What, hit the flo' Hold up yamean, you just don't know (check it out) We bout to let this go (check it out) *scatting* Aight, yo HIT THE FLO'! Check it out, IT'S BOUT TO BLOW wop bop Check it out, HIT THE FLO' wop wop Check it out, SHIT'S BOUT TO BLOW wop wop and a c'mon HIT THE FLO' wop wop we-wop c'mon BOUT TO BLOW wop bop check it out C'mon hit the flo' wop, and ah It's ya yamean, R-double-O-T-S yes step Yes, the Lieutent, Table of Contents yo And the Table of Contents yamean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Legendary EP Song: The Ultimate Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *Black Thought speaks and makes crowd respond for a minute and 15 sec.* [Black Thought] Yo my definition is a lyricist for hire My vocal's a passport that never expire Crowd loud like fifty rounds of gun fire Screamin out "The Roots" while I balance wit the wire Yo, expert in this profession, the session In 1987, I linked up wit the ?uestion Eleven years later we shared crop wit Geffen In musical hell, but hip-hop forever heaven My thoughts, interwoven and deep like Beethoven This foul world so filled of shit it like a clogged up colon Swollen wit minds that got stolen Fake-ass cops, uncontrollable patrolmen Torture, blood flow like bodies of water Fathers sexually assaultin they own daughter Out of sync, outta order like a puzzle In the land of the unseen hand that hold juggle In a Game of Life, yo it's hard to roll a double Tryin times, take lives and separate couples Kids thinkin they grown, tellin they moms "Fuck you" Under they breath, livin in the last times left Peep the imagery stretch across the sky like a canvas And we're the artists beneath vigorous rough strokes of darkness Time to set it off, let's spark this Switzerland, LET'S SPARK THIS!! We are the ULTIMATE (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE, rock-rockin it, rock-rockin it, rock-rockin it We are the ULTIMATE (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE LOUDER! (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE (Rock-rockin it) C'mon (Rock-rockin it) C'mon (Rock-rockin it) Yo my definition is a lyricist for hire You couldn't have a clue, it's about to transpire The books I buy live arms ?I wire? The Fifth, similar to ghetto gospel choir We ex-plore the whole states plus record In flight buds, trip that was a prisoner in war Four-four the corridor, seal it, no floor But I could see the drop was a mile aboard To the bottom, electrical shock for rhymes I said "I don't got em", guess it kinda presented a problem When I understood, they said "Let him go" I woke, during a center to London-Heathrow And now wit a past, fuckin wit border patrol I'm findin it out, I'm leakin wit my people Hit the studio, spread this information In daze of frustration fogged the education >From Illa-Fifth to Switzerland destination The Roots du journ, go check the translation The dictionary of devout topics, far from ebonics The Fifth Dynast, they can't stop it Yo Zurlich y'all keep it tight heed While The Roots Crew smoke weed Yo, we are the ULTIMATE (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE, say what? (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE, c'mon  (Rock-rockin it) C'mon c'mon rock-rockin it, rock-rockin it We are the ULTIMATE (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE LOUDER (rock-rockin it) We are the ULTIMATE LOUDER (Rock-rockin it) C'mon rock-rockin it, rock-rockin it They go *Thought starts humming and Scratch does his thing* *Crowd cheers* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Rock You Typed by: ghostdini_2000@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Rock you {*repeat 6X*} Come on {*repeat 2X*} Aiyyo y'all rappers less play, what I'm about to say Will probably hit y'all niggas in a real strange way Shmucks, ducks and half hearted prankster crews Willie dank Langston Hughes, put shanks in crews I debut to make the news and I've been killing it since Still in the trench, buzzin off the killin dispense I want my niggas out that barbwire still in the fence Verbal assassin I'm a killer still in a sense Rhymes is graphic Aimin straight at your minds and blast that weak shit The pieces and particles of fragments mad vocabulist Yes I must confess I'm like Diddy tryin to sink a slug in Elliots chest Just taste on that it's Black you can tally up that You never knew that fate cut you until your belly was wet New Delian cat the Fraggle Rock skully is split it's Black comin  You can tell it's a hit, comin to drop you nigga We will Rock you {*repeat 6X*} Yo yall savages is primitive I'm true penmanship Here come the neuro-linguistic rhyme hypnotist Making sound waves  Prisoners outta the listeners Legendary magnificent Pope distributors Man I remain lives ahead of the game Slang play off the meter cause its never the same Niggas tell me how they never comin better then frame They love what I say Here come the rebel breaking the frame and it's all true My earning bars arts is martial I'm comin to off you I ain't tryin to argue When you least expect it I'm gonna step out the darkroom pull out the hardware tools the particles will spark you My niggas wraps give a slice I spit nice fucking around this twice As much as rhythm is rolling a dice To choose one the noose or the gun Cause you're getting banged or hanged Thought second to none nigga Yo check it out whether you ballin or just one the wall and groovin groovin We've come to get it kickin and get the movement movin For Tracey and Tamika and for Shelly and Susan Styles make you wonder what the hell he was usin Remember your development with out any music Spit so many spears it's becoming a nuisance to some But to whoever want to know who the truth is You never heard another on the mic as ruthless I drink a little liquor a lot of water and juices It make money ain't no need for makin excuses Burn you fuckin with a South Philly exclusive Them long dick niggas with real short fuses that go off Chick likes Riq, you such a show off You cut your locks down to a fro than cut your fro off I been at your show there ain't no way to cut your flow off You got to be the illest emcee that people know of word I will rock you {*repeat 2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Nelly Furtado  Album: Phrenology Song: Sacrifice Typed by: shadowangel9@hotmail.com [Verse One: Black Thought] Listen, I got you phobic off of this like arachnids Drastic, it ain't plastic it's Pro-Blackness Grown man tactics, no pediatrics the kind of track that make the comeback miraculous the catalyst, Thought with the knack for splashin' I'm dashin' I mastered the craft of mashin' The level-headed throughbred, the female's passion Mag-netic attraction be keepin' them askin' The crews in the Cadillacs with the Pendergrassin'  Swerve half-naked, won't come near crashin' But if I go to heaven, would y'all know my name or would it be the same for you like I was Eric Clapton, huh? Clap for you freedom dog, that's what's happening My spit take critical political action The hustle is a puzzle each piece is a fraction And every word that's understood is a transaction I'm an S.P. soldier, microphone holder Rep Philly set from Bolivia to Boulder Paris, France to Tip and Tioga How we gonna make it through the dark, I show ya [Chorus: Black Thought & Nelly Furtado] I tell you one lesson I learned If you want to be something in life You ain't gonna get it unless You give a little bit of sacrifice Ooohh, sometimes before you smile you got to cry You need a heart that's filled with music If you use it you can fly If you want to be high [Verse Two: Black Thought] Listen, yo kick off your shoes, jump off the jock I fly higher than them dudes, from off your block My name Black, the style is unorthodox It tap chins in your mens 'til you thought could box A couple of people wanted Thought to stop, but guess what?  My man grab the missile, plug for the gut Now next time beatty stop being such a glut I'm precise with it like Faheim with haircuts We up close on 'em with toast but no crust It's fructose on 'em they froze and won't bust Choke on your face you jewels is lacklust Got to put it to you straight, y'all fools is jacked up Came close to the upmost but no cigar Nose to the grindstone, head to the stars The number one runner with the number one drummer Grammy award winnin' it's the world's eighth wonder Come on [Verse Three: Black Thought] Your first impression might be I'm a asshole Or say I'm sometimey and give people a hassle Or try to suntouch and put the heat in the capsule Dog I'm far deeper than that though; I get in the zone Recognize I'm a rolling stone No time to lollygag or lounge with scaliwags Give me the disc or I put it where your body at Old school spit flow laid over Trotter tracks With no apology fraud or trick-knowledgy Just trust, what I see and I say and follow me my way I read an open booklet inside me The star of the story that groove teller got me Through all the dark times part of the business The light be contingent on small forensics My microphone'll make a man a newborn infant It's true so the crew gon' sense it I get in the zone [Chorus x3] The fact of the matter is a matter of fact.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Talib Kweli Album: Phrenology Song: Rolling with Heat Typed by: scraps33@hotmail.com [Chorus: Kweli & Dice Raw] Downtown everybody move to the beat Uptown everybody moving the heat Cross-town the party where both sides meet Eastside, westside, there's always beef X2 [Kweli] I tattoo the page with the permanent ink Mr. Rourke on your Fantasy Island The umbrella in your tropical drinks Still run it up it, liquor in your cup Fucking you up Hang over the banister You feel the rush of the blood going straight to your brain Ain't no love, you only love bringing hate to the game Taking my name in vain, mistaking license for freedom He make music for the people, people dying to meet him People! We still abuse it, while the rich is made of music He probably driving a Buick and be rocking van--- ? G-U-E relevant, see how his man do it Fucking with niggas from illa fifth, see how we ran through it The river in the valley The nigga in the alley Rolling with the heat from BK to killer Cali The hands will fake the clapping You'll be collasping You softer than the land on legs Transforming the landscape Like a sandstorm in the Sahara I am the truest nigga I do more shows than The Roots to Carol Lewis Creative artist, never play the targets of game hunters You may want to test this product like cane smugglers Dis disco shit Popping like Crisco Hitting your face Spit in your face like pistol shit My style, wild like wipple whip I go back like a pistol grip It's pro-black, Kweli! [Chorus] w/o Kweli [Black Thought] I'm a FED like Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Willy gank, spit the killer dank dialogue Pyro-maniac like Dr. Molotov I knock the bottle off And knock the model off Gots some non-believers here Some how I'll save y'all Or stop y'all worries, you makin me vexed Hit up gekko, this ain't got gold correct I'll fucking bounty hunt your body like I'm Boba Fett Cause you a toy not a soldier yet You better hold your neck You dick smokers get no respect With the blood, ice your watch, rock your rocks Better rock it on the screen and not the blocks Cuz them crews don't stop them shots It's so many that fly, they chase down, I just stop and watch I'm from the south side of philly, it's known to get gruesome Heavy hitter villians these alleyways produce them Heavy hitter on a pocket we find a way to juice them They may as well pay, schmuck Introducing the B-to L-A see me the king splitter Then analyze this dime, the main thing glitter Then analyze the taste in your mouth, it seem bitter Ganster, valid dick torian, graduate of I dare you If you are paper thin I'm a tear you I'm a come take care of you put a part in your hairdo You barking like I'm a starting to scare you But speak up like a man nigga so your body guards can hear you [Chorus] w/o Kweli The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Thought @ Work Typed by: n-malhotra@northwestern.edu [Black Thought] Yo, where the freaks at? Lookin' at me You wanna see Black? Then jump on it And to the chumps who think they might want it I might spot your ride and dump on it And send a couple of boys to that corner of yours And role out with a nigga slumped on it You see Black fall back son Me and Shock up in a black Regal no insurance We like DEA serving warrants So tell the freaks you know to stop whorin We gon' grab the mics and get 'em off the wall so e'rybody in here can stop snorin Yo where the safe Money unlock it, pull it out your pocket Ben Banniker Bay with the Al Morrocan Black Thought on capitals like the sovereign Girls get your eyes back up out the sockets Focus, flawless. New York to Europe To lands where my feet ain't even touch the soil yet What a movement, the rap solution It thumps so hard we got 'em world wide usin them Tracks from Black for satisfaction The role of captain played by Samuel L. Jackson Yo ill insanity that's cold and morbid but when I'm in your orbit you soul absorb it A real raw nigga wont fold or forfeit A thorough bred gonna enforce it Tariq's where the beats at And where the people out their seats at For what? Cause y'all on it I'm like Aqua man and Brown Hornet I'm like Imhotep but don't flaunt it Dog, reintroducing master thespian Ho-telling-est, elin-est, emceein Fuck getting money for real, get freedom Black on the grind from AM to the PM Splash up crash up the X-5 B.M. Motive entertainment the philly mob we in Weak hearts, yo we not them Waddup nigga T3 nigga bahtem When the M-Ill get home we're gonna win First one to fall cats with no chin The mic the black hold remain smokin' And ladies up in the place is wide open For real you know what I'm talking about Pull it out your pocket (x3) You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off so throw your hands up Check it out yo You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off yall niggas know whats up [Black Thought] Yo here go the rapper of the year, year of the rap Come from South Philly where the hammers are clapped huh? Violate and you will answer to Black You a thug not really there's the answer to that Lee ya, boxed silly with the hands skill attack Cancel your check flip, dismantle your trap huh? Wanna pack can't handle your strap You a schmuck type, shoot your man in the back Meanwhile I'm outstanding and I'm outspoken Wild out take fools out without joking If I run out of shots I'm going out poking On a date with sis we going out stroking And the shot is fantastic The fantastic is the romantic And to the freaks in the house if you're ready to bounce we can go to the flat then get tantric Yeah. you pronounce the name Tariq, any questions? Street hip-hop I bring forth the essence You see pulling up five deep with nothing but dimes inside of my jeep I'm not arguing to get in VIP cocksucker prick Suck a dick I'ma floss for the fuck of it Girls say the baw Black be on some other shit Nigga talk like you work for the government My words worth like Barnes & Noble Spit hot flames that'll harm your vocal Spit thought name I'm a bomb your local neighborness, for a ten mile radius Well every ghetto craving this new anthem My brain unstable and I'm just too handsome I bang with the best around Who can test the ground when I finesse the sound Here come the controller You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off so throw your hands up Check it out yo You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, it's time to show it off you got it going on Y'all niggas know what's up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Cody Chesnutt Album: Phrenology Song: The Seed 2.0 Typed by: n-malhotra@northwestern.edu [Verse 1: Black Thought] Knocked up 9 months ago And what she finna have she don't know She want neo-soul, this hip-hop is old She don't want no rock-n-roll She want platinum or ice or gold She want a whole lotta somethin' to fold If you a obstacle she just drop ya cold Cuz one monkey don't stop the show Little Mary is bad In these streets she done ran E'er since when the heat began I told the girl look here Calm down I'ma hold your hand To enable you to peep the plan Cuz you is quick to learn And we can make money to burn If you allow me the latest game I don't ask for much, but enough room to spread my wings And the world finna know my name [Verse 2: Cody Chesnutt] I don't ask, for much these days And I don't bitch, and whine, if I don't get my way I only wanna fertilize another behind my lover's back I sit and watch it grow standin' where I'm at Fertilize another behind my lover's back And I'm keepin' my secrets mine I push my seed in her push for life Its gonna work because I'm pushin' it right If Mary drops my baby girl tonight I would name her Rock-N-Roll [Verse 3: Black Thought] Uh-huh Cadillac need space to roam Where we headin for she don't know We in the city where the pros shake rattle and roll And I'm a gaddang rollin' stone I don't beg I can hold my own I don't break I can hold the chrome And this weighin' a ton and I'm a son of a gun My code name is The Only One and Black Thought is bad These streets he done ran ever since when the game began I never played the fool Matta fact I be keepin' it cool Since money been changing hands And I'm left to shine, but the legacy that I leave behind be the seed  that'll keep the flame I don't ask for much but enough room to spread these wings And the world finna know my name [Verse 4: Cody Chesnutt] I don't beg For no rich man And I don't scream, and kick, when his shit don't fall in my hands, man Cuz I know how to still Fertilize another against my lover's will I lick the opposition cuz she don't take no pill Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-no dear You'll be keeping my legend alive I push my seed in her push for life Its gonna work because I'm pushin' it right If Mary drops my baby girl tonight I would name her Rock-N-Roll Oh-ooh break it down, break it down, break down beat [break] I push my seed somewhere deep in her chest I push it naked cuz I've takin my test Deliverin' Mary it don't matter the sex I'm gon' name it rock and roll I push my seed in my push for life It's gonna work becuz I'm pushin it right If Mary drop my baby girl, tonight I would name her Rock-N-Roll I would name her Rock-N-Roll I would name her Rock-N-Roll yeah I would name it Rock-N-Roll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Musiq Album: Phrenology Song: Break You Off (Album Version) Typed by: bigdanny50@hotmail.com [Chorus: Musiq (Black Thought)] Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....comin to break you off) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it, work it, out... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (we started.....comin to break you off) Yeah Baby [Black Thought] Bad misses throwin raspberry kisses on me You looking for direction girl, I feel your vision on me Just dont let him see you sweatin, we aint 'spose to be involved Knowing when we get it off, girl I mean it all Keeping you fiending 'til you taken and tossed And when I'm breaking it off, its no denying the fact - it's wrong 'Cause you got a man who's probably playing his part You probably breaking his heart, He trying to figure the reason you gone Is it 'cause he's superficial, or is he too submissive Or did I come along and hit you with the futuristic Or is it 'cause you really couldn't see a future with him All he about is paper, never took the time with you to listen You want it gripped up, flipped, and thrown An' get stripped and shown, the way to get in the zone - of course ...Dealing with this you won't be taking a loss You need to leave him alone And roll with the one who breaking you off... [Black Thought (Musiq)] Brother down the hall, the one you bound to call Workaholic, so really I'm rarely around at all What we started got serious reprecautions in court We had a chance to turn back, but look now its all Late nights twistin something listenin to Neicey sing She got the beat for you telling me you deeply Appreciate the company, time we spend I feel the same, it's a shame you ain't my girlfriend (my girl) Cuz listen, you need a brotha with the physical fix That come through in the mix for you with no head tricks or fraud You need a new position and who can get you open Like a eucalyptus and have ready to go for yours Come on and work with me, you won't get hurt with me Just keep it real and you'll get broken off certainly Dealing with this you won't be taking a loss You need to leave him alone And roll with the one who's breaking you off Chorus [Black Thought] Rollin down the highway, listening to Sade sing The way the "Smooth Operator" move my way You sitting beside me looking like Friday Foster Pam Grier structure - look at your body Keep each other thirsty, kisses like Hershey But lips is sealed cuz we don't need a controversy I say I'm in town, you say you want it in the worst way? You probably told your man it was your mother's birthday Meanwhile it's champagne chillin in ice You ready for the freakiest things you've done in your life We break it down like road dogs pulling a heist You makin sounds like the vibe gotcha reaching your height Prepare for flight, this is your captain I'm getting strapped in There's no denying the strength that it's attraction - girl working with this you won't be taking a loss So stop fooling your man And roll with the one who's breaking you off [Musiq] Baby, baby, baby... Don't you worry bout (no babe) nothing cuz I'm comin to... Handle you no doubt Whenever you want that thing you need (I got it) and then I aim to please I'm coming over to give it to you babe (babe) Comin to Break You Off Comin to Break You Off Comin to Break You Off Comin to Break You Off Yeah Babe {Repeat 4x} *Instrumental Fade-Out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Water Typed by: ehhviin@yahoo.com [Black Thought] South Philly, North Side Oakland, Texas Georgia, Black People Yo, worldwide, this is for my my niggas You know what I'm saying Dumb and blind... [Verse One: Black Thought] They say a record ain't nothing if it's not touching Gripping, draw you in closer make you want to listen to it And if you real ill at making music The listener feel like he livin' through it That's how my nigga do it I met Slacks back in like '91 rapping We went to Millersville to get away from gun clappin' It ain't last I be in class dreaming 'bout 50,000 fans up in the stands screaming out Encore, yo I'm headed back to Philly Nigga you rollin' with me? I'm trying to get busy We walked dogs that was off the chain Lot of times at the shows people hardly came I just took it in stride as part of the game But inside people down with me started to change It was a couple things, lil' syrup, lil' pills Instead of riding out on the road you'd rather chill I know the way the pleasure feel I'm not judging But still I'm on a mission, yo I'm not buggin' I got fam that can't stop druggin', they can't sleep They can't stick to one subject, they can't eat It's people steady comin' at me out in the street Like 'Riq, yo, what up with your peeps, it gets deep nigga Yo, you need to walk straight, master your high Son you missin' out on was passing you by I done seen the streets suck a lot of cats dry But not you and I my nigga We got to get Come on, over over the water  Come on, over over the water Water, Water... [Verse Two: Black Thought] Yo, we done been through many meals, a couple of deals We done shared clothes and wheels, killed mics and reels We done rocked shows abroad and slept on floors Trying to figure what the fuck we gettin' slept on for Or what we walking with the weap'-on for weighted by the gravity law, you know it if you came up poor my nigga Picture the bus up north You know we made of everything outlaws are made of I'm far from a hater And I don't say I love you 'cause the way I feel is greater And Mila', you a poet, son, you a born creator And this'll probably dawn on you later, it's in your nature Lyrics all on your walls like they made of paper You got to find out where your talent take you You might fuck around, finally make it And that's real but yo [Verse Three: Black Thought] Yo, I want you all to understand I come from South Philly And when I walk the street it's like a pharmacy They got all type of shit anybody could get It goes from H to X to loosie ciggarette For my ghetto legend known for lil' shiest runnin Copped codeine by the quarts and keep comin' Dumbin, just embracing the dope like it's a woman You burnin' both sides of the rope and just pullin' Tuggin', in between Islam and straight tuggin' Laying everyday around the way and doin' nothin' See'em looking shaking their head and start shruggin' If they don't got a man like mine, they got a cousin Hey yo you better be a true friend to 'em Before the shit put an end to 'em Or give a pen to 'em Or lock 'em up in the studio with a mic 'Cause on the real it might save his life Keep tellin 'em [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Quills Typed by: shadowangel9@hotmail.com Don't stop (uh don't stop yo) Tonight (cheeba cheeba yo, soul shock yo) (Give it everything you got yo) (Once again it's time, it's time) It's time to ride, ride.... [Verse One: Black Thought] Yo, piss in the staircase, blood on the pavement I fill the quills with it let it spill on the pages Compose another anthem for the killers and manglers Villains and wranglers, fifth still in the chamber Shit, I'm scientific but my reflex's gangsta Pull out-rageous arms from the floor of the basement Then bust 'nuff talons if my peoplez in danger I'm Larry Davis, duckin' helicopter, hoverin' government agents We muscle the language What we spit will leave your shit in utter amazement I'm hot brolic call it contagious The shit the Roots started got these other artists going through changes My vision is the strangest, the rhythm is anguish Y'all niggaz on the titty in your formative stages Is something in the iris and the way I spit That tell these other crab rappers I ain't fo' no shit Black traumatic, so there you have it My battin' average, abort full of graphic assault, it's all classic Thought, put ass-backwards rappers in a small package Experience is all that is, I'm well established Me and the mic in holy matrimony like a marriage The technique in your reach, if only you could have it For me it's automatic, it's na-tu-ral, I'm mad thoro Poet for hired pack metal You feel me? [Verse Two: Black Thought] Yo, the load heavy We walk around a little edgy, all ready and steady Withdrawal like Darryl Strawberry, it figures Niggaz mad from them ghetto sandwiches and swine Cryin' hard times, disadvantegeous, man listen The story in the ghetto the same Seem like it's just some things that never will change Give birth to a style and won't give it a name Talk 'bout consciousness it's a different thang Envision again, the honorable 'Riq, general Hannibal speak The understandable diabolique, animal style Out of your dreams kid, you proud that you seen this Fifth supreme linguist, a lyrical genious Inject you with the broke down english The most freshest and cleanest, three G's, guess what the fame is Kareem's beat makin' me fiendish Don't act shaky and squeamish, if you real make me believe it nigga [Verse Three: Black Thought] Yo, the rebel Jake Rivera You felt another date, you better Don't copped off, create it just save your cheddar I hit the studio with a pen and a vendetta Sippin' an ice cold Beck, huffin' the tenth letter Driftin', shots lickin while the plot thickens Sands in the hourglass thinnin', the last inning The flash and the cash and the fast women It's nothing, a lust for the crabs keep the passion and Blaow, kissin' my tablet with firing pins Poke holes in the plastic for oxygen MCs jumpin' out shoes and socks again Must have seen their face in the news it's gots to been Thought known as the cure for cancer Same corrupt city as Mumia the Panther Man to man, hammer cocked, block and standoff Bang, gunfire slang up in the dance hall Yo, I hold the mic that could be thrown as a pipe bomb Bring it just to sling it at your favorite icon Thing about my music is it ain't shit like y'all Thought, diesel like a 28-inch python You know what I'm saying? When I'm on the mic there won't be no delayin... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Pussy Galore Typed by: hierohead50C@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Dancin' on the dance floor Girl, it's you that I adore Step off stage and scream for more All I see, pussy galore Snap my fingers, make you mine If not, I'll snap a second time After that, I guarantee You will be standing next to me [Verse 1] Yo, my own head once said, it's more powerful than cocaine Freaks dancin' in a line like Soul Train To get your pride up, that extra push Niggaz lookin' for the time of their life, coppin' a rush Yo I know sis', dawg, her name Lorraine She's a thick brick house with a chocolate frame I went to school with her Twelfth grade, I used to fool with her She put me on with her squad, I got cool with her She used to say she wanted to be a doctor And couldn't nothin' stop her From gettin' up that cash For tuition, even if she had to shake that ass Fucked up, her money ain't accumulatin' that fast Lorraine know it's real, 'cause sex controls America Turn the TV on, it's in the open on the regular, yo What the freaks in the video for? Fuck a song, gimme a thong, and pussy galore You see, life is about marketing pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore Nations going to war for the pussy galore Even the cash could afford all the pussy galore Yo, gang wars, more pussy galore From the screen to the record store, pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore Even the cash could afford all the pussy galore [Verse 2] Yo, desire and lust can make a man kill Or jump off the bridge, cuffed to a motherfuckin' anvil So it's promoted like it is so all y'all know Keep a nigga under the spell, you under control But yo, I seen it make people slit they wrists Weakness, pussy make a spy say secrets But what for? Cause sex is the law ???, many an empire rise and fall From the squares to the players From the pimps to the whores To big checks that never would have been endorsed Ya know, I sit back and just peep thangs 9 outta 10, it's the same songs, only the beat changed So don't be lookin' at your peeps strange When I conduct a little Litmus test up in your heat range That's when you see me up on stage with six Wicked ass chicks fittin to get crunk with this Life is about marketing pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore Corporations going to war over the pussy galore Even the cash could afford all the pussy galore Yo, gang wars, more pussy galore From the screen to the record stores, pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore [Verse 3] Yo, fresh cut, with the thick black velour With the black ??? sneaks, headed out for tour Lookin' out the limo window up at the billboards 200 miles, she was the only thing I saw Promotin' everything, from the liquor to the nicotine Cell phones, anti-histamines, chicken wings You gotta show a little skin to get them listening For real yo, the world is a sex machine Full of pretty freaks in designer jeans That go to extremes to conjure all kinds of schemes Half the time, it ain't even responsibly Tryin' to take me some place I'm not tryin to be Ghetto, Sin City, where the P is free You catch a bid far worser than a 1 to 3 All up in the after-hours on the second floor For that good thing, that keep 'em comin' back for more, ya heard me It's about marketing the pussy galore Every time I turn around, there's more pussy galore Nations going to war for the pussy galore Even the cash could afford all the pussy galore Dig it, gang wars, more pussy galore From the screen to the record store, pussy galore Even the cash could afford all the pussy galore More pussy galore, more pussy galore Yo, dancin' on the dance floor Girl, it's you that I adore Step off stage and scream for more All I see, pussy galore Snap my fingers, make you mine If not, I'll snap a second time After that, I guarantee You will be standing next to me Dancin' on the dance floor Girl, it's you that I adore Step off stage and scream for more All I see, pussy galore Snap my fingers, make you mine If not, I'll snap a second time After that, I guarantee You will be standing next to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Complexity Typed by: staticbeat@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: repeat 2X] I've been wondering about the complexity Of what we have it shouldn't be More Just can't see More You're physically in this, but how could we tell If we was meant to be in bliss if you're not mentally as well? This energy you're sending me is tricky as hell Usually it's like a 50/50, we could take a L Before we start things, at this point being apart brings The feeling of somebody plucking at your heart strings I know it probably shouldn't feel like this But any other woman I see is in your likeness It's from your cheekbones Yo your lips, to your curves, to your deep moans To that walk, to your words You love feeling like a breakdown on the verge First we on good terms, then you on my last nerves Got my back just aching, my shoes is all tight It's too complex when we choose to do it right It's wrong, one minute you a soldier strong Then you trying a route talking about it's over and gone When your boyfriend's in town, it's bound to be trouble, Love His name Black, and he known to be a lover of Getting it on with my smoker's jacket on Eyes racing back and forth listening to Chaka Khan Trying to figure the cause why you always acting off like I'm slacking off Maybe our signal's getting crossed For the case Love, you feel like you making a waste of Your precious time you need to get a taste of Some space to breathe, a moment as friends We should've felt ourselves slipping into it again Cuz it's like off and on, on and off Passion, lost and found, found and lost Clashing, asking for nothing but understanding Your hearts made of glass, use care when handling Girl, all in all I never leave you stranded Cuz my respect you commanded, you figure it out I used to come into the party and stand around Cuz I was kinda too shy to really get down I used to play the corner and watch the scene Deep down knowing I wanted to find me a queen And I could feel that in my stomach and up in my chest Because I knew a lot of women, and some was fresh But then I found you girl, and just like me You had a heart that was yearning to be set free Now listen, see you and me we need to take the time To erase any doubt that's inside your mind It's not a mountain that I'm ever too tired to climb And who's counting, but I know at least a thousand times I let you know I'm here for you, care for you, and confide in you Break bread, share with you, and provide for you And that's full time, it's no 9 to 5 with you That's why I'm trying to work it out with you, it's gonna work The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Amiri Baraka Album: Phrenology Song: Something in the Way of Things (In Town) Typed by: OHHLA.com In town {*repeat 3X*} Something in the way of things Something that will quit and won't start Something you know but can't stand Can't know get along with Like death Riding on top of the car peering through the windshield for his cue Something entirely fictitious and true That creeps across your path hallowing your evil ways Like they were yourself passing yourself not smiling The dead guy you saw me talking to is your boss I tried to put a spell on him but his spirit is illiterate I know things you know and nothing you don't know 'cept I saw something in the way of things Something grinning at me and I wanted to know, was it funny? Was it so funny it followed me down the street Greeting everybody like the good humor man But an they got the taste of good humor but no ice cream It was like dat Me talking across people into the houses And not seeing the beings crowding around me with ice picks You could see them But they looked like important Negroes on the way to your funeral Looked like important jiggaboos on the way to your auction And let them chant the number and use an ivory pointer to count your teeth Remember Steppen Fetchit Remember Steppen Fetchit how we laughed An all your Sunday school images giving flesh and giggling With the ice pick high off his head Made ya laugh anyway I can see something in the way of our selves I can see something in the way of our selves That's why I say the things I do, you know it But its something else to you Like that job This morning when you got there and it was quiet And the machines were yearning soft behind you Yearning for that nigga to come and give up his life Standin' there bein' dissed and broke and troubled My mistake is I kept sayin' "that was proof that God didn't exist" And you told me, "nah, it was proof that the devil do" But still, its like I see something I hear things I saw words in the white boy's lying rag said he was gonna die poor and frustrated That them dreams walk which you 'cross town S'gonna die from over work There's garbage on the street that's tellin' you you ain't shit And you almost believe it Broke and mistaken all the time You know some of the words but they ain't the right ones Your cable back on but ain't nothin' you can see But I see something in the way of things Something to make us stumble Something get us drunk from noise and addicted to sadness I see something and feel something stalking us Like and ugly thing floating at our back calling us names You see it and hear it too But you say it got a right to exist just like you and if God made it But then we got to argue And the light gon' come down around us Even though we remember where the (light or mic) is Remember the Negro squinting at us through the cage You seen what I see too? The smile that ain't a smile but teeth flying against our necks You see something too but can't call its name Ain't it too bad y'all said Ain't it too bad, such a nice boy always kind to his motha Always say good morning to everybody on his way to work But that last time before he got locked up and hurt, real bad I seen him walkin' toward his house and he wasn't smiling And he didn't even say hello But I knew he'd seen something Something in the way of things that it worked on him like it do in will And he kept marching faster and faster away from us And never even muttered a word Then the next day he was gone You wanna know what You wanna know what I'm talkin' about Sayin' "I seen something in the way of things" And how the boys face looked that day just before they took him away The is? in that face and remember now, remember all them other faces And all the many places you've seen him or the sister with his child Wandering up the street Remember what you seen in your own mirror and didn't for a second recognize The face, your own face Straining to get out from behind the glass Open your mouth like you was gon' say somethin' Close your eyes and remember what you saw and what it made you feel like Now, don't you see something else Something cold and ugly Not invisible but blended with the shadow criss-crossing the old man Squatting by the drug store at the corner With is head resting uneasily on his folded arms And the boy that smiled and the girl he went with And in my eyes too A waving craziness splitting them into the jet stream of a black bird Wit his ass on fire Or the solomNOTness of where we go to know we gonna be happy I seen something I SEEN something And you seen it too You seen it too You just can't call it's name name name name name name name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots featuring Talib Kweli Album: Phrenology Song: Rhymes And Ammo (Remix) * Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, kill4747@Hotmail.com *The original shorter version can be found on Soundbombing III [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] Everybody on they jawns Cartoons is hardcore porn It ain't no afterschool paper routes, mowin lawns Kids got backpacks full of yayo and heron Coming to school shootin up the auditorium Aiyyo its anthrax maniacs on the TV The least of y'all worries should be Thought's CD The chairman of the board coppin twice weekly They done caught the minister with a pork B-L-T If my shit ain't hot, it probly try to drive me Psyhce, its somethin I can never let myself see Can't see, I'm thorough-bread, nothin fancy The maker, no matter what the circumstance be It's the principle, pillowcase full of nickel Smacked like I'm ?, leave him crippled Keep talkin greasey I'ma big lip you Aiyyo your man'll can get slid with you You and the squad takin to galoshes I hold the engineer for hostage and spit from a dirty cartridge It's L for whoever try to front on Thought's shit I'm sendin them goons to your mom's apartment Yo! [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] Aiyyo, countries at war, little kids cry rape Goddammit, the ghetto is a Planet Of The Apes Massive meltdown bringing the red tape The cinder blocks ?shoos? at the bottom of the lake I'm from the city of the sinners state of the art You should know book and the pen for making a mark I love the game clobber lane hit him with the gutter slang Your brother's insane but I'm another thang The track bang like your baby mother very hardly To put it to y'all chumps so corny My name: Black Thought the one person army All the intellectuals and the thugs adore me My lyrical range from complex to strange It's wrecking your brain when the rhymes ? to change Hip hop fiends tapping their arm to catch a vein MC's scared to death wishing I never came [Chorus: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Talib Kweli] Kweli, sittin back in the cut like Reese (Come on!) In a constant peace, call me fantastic like I cut the grease Baracudas movin and canoein sippin amaretto I'm a ruler of my temple, what I do to instrumentals Instrumentals is the development of these niggas mentals Tears in your eyes like this moment is sentimental Your fundamentally floored, philosophically bored Disturbed like the eighth floor of your hospital ward You've GOT to appoint niggas to raise the bar (Yes) Muslims praise Allah, Christians praise the God Rastas, they say Jah They find a way to rhyme with the pallet like fine wine and make you say ahhh Guess who's back? The game needed improvement (Uh) Can't fit the bullshit no more, you sound stupid I'm a shark in the water with constant movement influenced by music since a truant yo This is how we do it yo [Chorus 2x: Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} When I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! {Shit up} Pump that! {Shit up} When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! {Get Up} Stand up! {Get Up} When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! {Now} Rise up! {Now} When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! {Blaow!) Lick a shot! {Blaow!} [Black Thought] + {Talib Kweli} Lick a shot! {Blaow!} (Repeat 16x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Star/Pointro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [40 seconds of instrumental to start] [Black Thought] Get 'em up high - okay, yeah Go all-star, and get down for yours To the ladies in the house, be proud of yours You got the, Roots crew with the sound of course High, lift 'em up high, okay [Black Thought] When that adrenaline get in they system It get 'em out on a quest for stardom, could be a motherfuckin problem in Philly, Cincinatti, Los Angeles or Harlem Kids call theyself killers let they hammers do the talkin Don't even know the meaning of life, ain't seen a thing and you dream of floodin the scenery with, llello and greenery But for now, you stickin her with the heavy machinery Wonder how, you lift it up, be only 17 And like e'rybody he wanna shine, young brothers on the grind Holdin somethin in they spine, "Bowling for Columbine" Stressin to me how it's all about a dollar sign Dig the way you out of line, out of sight and out of mind Up against the clock and damn near out of time "The Tipping Point" has arrived, and that's the bottom line To all my peoples that's stars, it's our time to shine Let's get 'em up high, c'mon [Chorus] - 2X [Black Thought] Yo, ain't it strange how the newspapers play with the language I'm deprogrammin y'all with uncut slang shit I know some peoples in the party armed and dangerous Twist some cool champagne, I'm goin through changes A grown-ass man, I done paid my dues Learn the rules lil' homey, you could be one too Niggaz know, ain't no tellin what he gon' do But recognize young bruh, I'ma do it for you You know why? We all stars and we highly evolved Hip-Hop, it's not pop like Kylie Minogue If it bang, them gettin-busy brothers probably involved In the game, where e'rybody got a shottie to draw I guess you probably a thug, you boss ballin or what? I can't call it man, I got the ladies fallin in love Cause handsome, intelligent, tough - I'm all the above I know you knew it it's the movement Groove to it while you doin it up [Chorus] - 2X w/ minor variations [Black Thought] Introducin the band you gotta see to believe He got the mic in his hand, so keep the heat up your sleeve It's Black Thought, he rockin sharp so the speakers'll bleed I run a triathalon, you wouldn't see me fatigued I'm a star, and maybe y'all should cop somethin to be Or trade some of y'all equipment in for somethin you need Cause it's a, lot of bullshit floodin the scene Where e'rybody's a star, and hot shit is few and far between We lose the grip of what, garbage mean Shorties wanna be theyself, I know it's hard to be Don't wanna do the Ruben Studdard and come off less threatenin Keepin it real'll kill you if you end up lettin it Ain't it blowin your mind how the game all in line Now the best, to the rest, we fin' to end up settin it I'd tell you that I was a veteran but it's evident You act like you want it, you gon' end up gettin it [Chorus] - 3X w/ minor variations "Everybody is a star.." [echoes and fades into an instrumental that ends the song] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: I Don't Care Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: sung 2X] I don't care, as long as the bassline's pumpin The drumline bangin away Make one move and I'll blow you away One false move and I'll blow you away [Black Thought] Yo - I don't really know but somebody said that the O.G. flow, it could fuck witcha head And the po-lice know that the green black and red too strong to con-trol, they study what I said Dig it - my name is 'Riq, and when I'm on the mic I'm known to spit somethin that these MC's hate I couldn't care less what you feel what you say Cause I gotta put it to you in my own special way - I'm a MONSTER! You know I'm certified sick I came from the corner where nobody got shit Took the cards I was dealt, turned it into hot spit Now I'm not only a passenger, I'm in the cockpit Been a long time comin, I was caught in the scramble of cats, tryin to do the same thing that they man do Eagles born to fly, real is made to ramble "A Dangerous Mind," I'm a prime example [Black Thought] Superfans wanna run up on me sparkin the ground up You need to fall back, could be NARC's around us You in a hot area for marchin powder If you holdin chowder, just walk without it Them real crook brothers don't talk about it They never make a move 'til they thought shit out kid I knew a lot of men who did bids for mayhem They made a lot of money, they money never made them The game of survival is filled with rivals Knives and fo'-five slugs flyin in spirals The wicked is diseased and it ain't all viral Could be greed and gluttony bubblin inside you Dawg, follow your pride, the rhythm'll guide you Yo, follow them guys, them niggaz'll rob you And have you up in somethin that dont' really involve you But you don't give a fuck you wanna pump the volume, I know [Black Thought] Yo, aiyyo the waistline thumpin, the face kinda jumpin the game Lookin sweeter than a bassline bumpin Don't come 'round me sparks and waste time frontin Them trick ass marks'll get the eight-five dumpin It ain't really bout nothin - Philly just love cuttin They shut shit down before the law start shuttin Get your route right cousin - be out nightclubbin relaxed And wanna get lights out tonight brother, perhaps It's the percussion that keeps shit, kinetic For some it ain't as fame, more sweet the street credit Some cats that play dirty didn't live, to regret it But move to the music he can live through the record I'm a Philly boss player, a dope rhyme sayer It's Black Ink back gettin cake by the layer by the stack, comin at us, get your weight right yeah If not, you makin a mistake right there, f'real [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Don't Say Nuthin' Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Black Thought] Yeah! That all mighty amazing, ill, highly contagious Kamikaze south splash like it shot from a gauge Until your body sound clash Head of the Class, Magna Cum Laude Beats bring the beast out me, flagrant - foul rowdy Reed pipe but deed tight, disposition keep on flipping Keep em playing they position Keep making the people listen what I spin Put em out on a limb Got tears, got blood, got sweat, leaking out of the pen Y'all fake niggas not setting a trend We never listen to them It's like trying to take a piss in the wind My home team doing visitors in, yo don't test em They all standing close to the edge, so don't stress em Now who the type built to last? It's no question, the Master! Villain in Black wit no stets in my sound Hitting you hard from - every direction Your head and shoulder, area your midsection dawg! Yeah... when the saint on the ground with his nine on the line With the niggas who grind with King Kong hittin Thai-land Give it here, and don't say nuthin Just give it here, give it here and don't say nuthin When the team on the set when the guns gone clap Gettin' down on everything, mmm, cut the check Give it here, give it here and don't say nuthin Nigga, give it here, and don't say nuthin [Verse 2 - Black Thought] Yeah, Illadel! Home of the original gun clappers Out on the wrong corner your shit'll get spun backwards You got the fool wanting the rules, enter at risk Or your own nana'll keep a gat under the matress Shorties running reckless from Philly to Texas Suprising what niggas willing to do to get a neckless Some emotions felt better left unexpressed at times Niggas' crime record longer than a guest list Yes, I done seen things you wouldn't believe Seen people reach levels thought they'd never achieve Silhouettes waiting in the wings ready to D Thirsty sheists who need at least a buck to breathe C'mon! Stick up kids, they be out to tax Most times they be sticking you without the gats I'll still be on the grind when it all collapse And if it's my worst bar then I'm a take it right back nigga [Verse 3 - Black Thought] Yeah, it ain't nothin like I rush I get, in front of the band On stage wit the planet in the palm of my hand When a brother transform, from aynonomous man To the force, crush whoever might of thought I was playin I'ma flame some, sentence the shit, the cold twist to slang Thicker than big boy baby, mom, sister pain Beyond measure, relaxed under pressure You see the master piece, but to me it's unperfected Give it here Geffen Records, I'm off the handle Cut the check, and yo it better be as heavy as anvil Next joint comin, all bets is cancelled Nigga black ink, red was a G finacial We finna have the whole industry at a stand still See me put the system on lock like can pill So get wit them endorsements, and call reinforcements Cause my click come a full sizeable portions The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Guns Are Drawn Typed by: Risetotherim@aol.com Yeah it would be cool it could be too Stop Running round in circles off of what we fuel Living a lie eventually believing it's true A lot of people here for us one could be you It's outrageous and they just ain't nothing But save us an ocean of brown fists in various flavors A favor for a favor man, this is the majors Tell me what you would do with no phone or pagers No Kinko's, no Fed Ex and no ATM's What you gone do when the poliece state vegin Well it already began but I guess it depends on what's really going on what's happening, huh Military target practicing They finna write another patriot act again The days is short the nights is long The fight goes on The pistol and the pipes are drawn Hook: The middle of the night We fight like barbarians In sight of the former might You might think that it's a waste Of our time And I think you would be right Till he drop that rhyme (Repeat) And some might say that it's a waste of time Cause ain't no amount of dancing finna break the bondage We go to war and transcend space and time When every record ain't a record just to shake behinds You know the stakes is high we in the face of drama That's why we can't shake it or escape the problem Its like a game of roulette the barrel revolving They only wanna see us occupying a coffin Mothers crying too often from they lost child leaving From trying to get over, get under, get even Get inside getting, getting dumped, getting greedy We got to get it right It ain't about to be easy You better pull you goggles up, it's about to get greasy Believe it's on as long as we can still speak freely Pages of my life would make it hard to read me I know my people hearing me, holler it you hear me (Repeat Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Stay Cool Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Bass for your face, highs for your eyes Don't blink, Black Ink has arrived, all rise Rude boys keep that thing at your side, be alright Muh'fuckers Philly we up in here, we all live I'm puffin this Cohiba mami coolin her heels All she ever seem to do is play it cool f'real She be pushin, Pop's vessel, and his shoe's is ill But her hand, keep slippin on the woodgrain wheel But it's cool, we never slippin when it's moves to make Especially when what we talkin ain't ya usual case I pump bass for y'all bathin apes, to get charged Nah, I'm not a dealer, I'm a poet at large We in the wind with the roof back, lettin the breeze hit us The bathrobe on with sweatpants and slippers Comin to pay a visit to whoever on the hitlist Some of y'all been tryin for years, you'll never get this fool Check it out (stay cool) stay cool daddy (stay cool) Stay cool ma (hey, hey) c'mon (Stay cool motherfuckers y'all know the rules) (Hey, stay cool.. stay cool) There it is (Yeah hah hah, stay coooool) [Black Thought] Hip-Hop my main bitch, I got a few on the side The game stitched yo I'm doin my job Go up against enormous odds Wouldn't break a sweat, money make a bet Funny son you threat, well I ain't shakin yet Twenty-fo'/sev' chillin, tougher than penicillin From the block where the crooked cops killin like a villain Children, in the hood gettin rocked by they buildings And brothers, 'cross the board gettin knocked by the millions The stress, got me ignitin the potent marijuana leaf Tryin to play it cooler than a polar bear colony You feel the music know I'm over there probably Pimpin on the same system that forever shorted me I got the soul of a young Sam Cook when I spit It make you wanna make a new dance up It's all to the good shorty 'gwan do that stuff It's not another sound system rockin steady as us And it's cool (Stay cool) yeah (stay cool) stay cool ha (Hey, hey) check it out, and just (Stay cool motherfuckers y'all know the rules) yeah (Hey, stay cool.. stay cool) (Yeah hah hah, stay coooool) [Black Thought] Yeah, when I'm crusin in my vehicle, the Jakes harass me They never ride past me, they really comin at me right They wanna know where the drugs guns and cash be Probably wanna get me to run, so they can blast me Just, blast me in your box, play my shit I know it's crowded at the top, cause I'm on the tip And that's as high up at the top, as a brother could get And how I do it make a lot of muh'fuckers upset But it's fine, Riq Jizzle I'm back for mine In case y'all gettin tired of the same ol' shine And I'm calm, calculated and perfectly aligned The way I'm operatin what is it? surgery in rhyme It's not a thang when I lower the gradient lens frames I'm cooler than Clyde Stubblefield, drummer for James Hip-Hop is out of Hustleville, comin for change I exercise 'til a muscle build, breakin the chains And It's cool (Stay cool) (stay cool) (hey, hey) (Stay cool motherfuckers y'all know the rules) (Hey, stay cool.. stay cool) (Yeah hah hah, stay coooool) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Web Typed by: SomeOtherLyrics@yahoo.com [Black Thought] Uh huh uh And it weights a ton 'riq geez motherfuckers I'm a son of a gun Black master of any trade under the sun Talk sharp like a razor blade under the tongue clear my path and come get your captain hung Trying to breath like black'll collapse your lungs Young chump you could choke off the web I spun I done cleared 'em out from the threat I brung You done heard about what set I'm from My nigga, word-a-mouth little rule-a-thumb Y'all better bow down when the ruler come I'm a real hood nigga not a hood-a-lum The way Thought put it down be confusin' some of y'all cats can't walk while chewin' your gum 'n all With a keyboard got do with a drum 'n all School 'em on stage like I'm doin' a seminar Professional type, I'm adjusting my mic Go to war kid I'll give you any weapon you like Give you something to run from , bust off your dum-dum Stop kid, that hot shit you know where it come from It's philly world-wide phenomenom And reinforcin' that shit is my 9-to-5 And when I finish making you recognize I'm getin' at a couple civilized women that's tryin' to ride You were waitin' on the raw to come off the oil You wanna get the bitches up off the wall Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself To keep you in health, this for all of y'all I'm quick on the draw like Black McGraw And I can't tell what y'all cats rappin' for My name 'riq geez and I'm back for more To get more chips than the corner store with a portrait of Malcom X on the door while I'm eatin' MCs like a carnivore Matter fact, ease back 'fore you get harmed Ring the, warning horn when I'm gon' perform The first nigga that move, or disturb the goove I'm a have y'all flicks on the evening news Play y'all part - get on y'all P's and Q's And when y'all think Thought, be prepared to lose Bring money to spend and somebody to lend And some worthwhile money not twenties and tens Get took for your tuck right in front of your 'hens Who coulda help you nigga, not none of ya friends Because, I put a black fist under ya chin Have your physical remains found under the pen If I'm coming up in the place, I'm coming to win Wasn't in it for a minute, now I'm dumbin' again 'riq geez ock, y'all can chat what y'all please Receive what I'm gonna give back to y'all please 'cuz y'all don't really wanna get clapped with all these My man, you can take y'all strap when y'all leave You see the squad come in the place, they all freeze Ice cold, with his mellow cool breeze MCs, never showed loyalty yet Kool Herc ain't never get a royalty check I do work, no question, and bomb your set I'm calm collect, sharp like my name Gillette RIP my man Gillette Until I touch the mic, y'all people ain't seen danger yet I'm a decorated vet, I regulate and wreck Never hesitated yet, I'm gettin' heavy weighted checks If you would dare ask if I'm dedicated - yes I spit, live rounds that would penetrate a vest Nigga, take ya seats I'm a demonstrate a test How to freak the beats, so gangsta fresh And it thump, from the east coast to Bangladesh Big bank, willy gank smoke the thing to death But hold tight, cuz it's not over yet I don't even feel like I'm not sober yet And it ring like shots in the projects new year's eve And it ain't even October yet I'm a big bounty hunter like Boba Fett Y'all more shell shocked then a soldier get If the prize in my sights then I'm goin' for this Whoo whoo 'riq geez be the ultimate I'm the corporate, give me the bulk of this 'riq set it on the magnetic ultra tip Get down how you 'posed to get I got nothing to lose, I'm a killer with no regrets I'm like young LL, cuz I'm hard as hell Makin' niggaz screw face like Gargamel Now I'm all out on my own like Patty LaBelle Put the pimp game down on your mademoiselle Keep the beat goin' Keep the beat goin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Boom! Typed by: Risetotherim@aol.com Hold your flix, I'm not for the photo op's It's Black, code name Yaphet Kotto ock My twist like a ratchet in an auto shop Since granddaddy old Desoto stopped and he got the Caddie I been gladly servin, any y'all cats wanna act determined Spit pesticides for rats and vermin Seem like none of y'all chumps is learning Y'all hopeless, and I'm a little better than dope is Far from a brand new kid to show biz Tryna hold on, maintain my focus Coming out a room with a could of smoke Smokers rolling with the punches I survive and rock Cause I keep the crowd alive And the texture of my voice Is course and kind of hoarse and cut Like I'm throwing a thousand knives Hook: Party people gather round what we have here is a brand new sound Reach for my waist you hit the ground You better duck when that awful sound goes Boom Thats what's happenin in the parking lot Thats whats happenin on stage (Repeat Hook) The man at hand that rule the school And reach and teach the blind and find a way from A to Z And be the most to boast I'm load and proud The game and reign that remain The heat is on so feel the fire come off the empire or the More higher level of depth one step beyond dope To suckers all scope and hope to cop a note Cause I could never let em on top of me I play em out like a game of Monopoly Let it speed around the board like an astro And send them to jail for tryna pass go Shaking them up Breaking them up Taking no stuff But it still ain't loud enough So quest love let the fire roast So I can flow and we can kill the whole show cause (Repeat hook) I'm live Design a finer rhyme that's right on time One step beynd and not behind the line That seperates thought from divine You can take it as a caution or a warning sign Look for antonyms Words I'm sending em Homonyms, synonyms good like M&M's You know the time when it's Riq Gees slicing I turn a Mic's last name into Tyson My brain like a factory constantly creating Materials stitch by stitch for decoration My lyrics one fabric the beat is a lining My passion of rhyming is fashion designing Now it get sorted cause people wanna sport it ya bought it If you didn't then you couldn't afford it Poetry full of surprises it's like a game show And my brain go I do my thing yo (Repeat Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Jean Grae Album: The Tipping Point Song: Somebody's Gotta Do It Typed by: zoricaa@net.hr The Roots Somebody's Gotta Do It Lyrics [Hook] Somebody's gotta be there when it gets ugly Somebody's gotta be there when it gets bloody Somebody's gotta get their hands dirty Yo, it's a fucked up job but somebody's gotta do it Somebody's gotta come up with a plan And be there when the shit hits the fan I hope y'all out there understand Look man it's a fucked up job, but somebody's gotta do it [Riq Gees] Yeah y'all, ideal for a lyrical perfectionist Raw, that's what every soldier in my collective is Thought, control level is that of a gold medalist My level headedness make it come off so effortless The rebel is a opposite extreme of devilish Back setting it with the answer to your deficit My track record is hot shit, consecutive Smug, I got game just like a record executive A kiss to the feminine girls loving a gentlemen A genius slash gangsta with a skill for swindling Bet on Black Bet these cats that's all gelatin Will fall back spittin' them raps that's unintelligent Raps that cap, rabid rattlin' out the gattlin' Crippling rhymes whistlin' past, blow you back in Smellin' your blood now I'm huntin' Blowin' your front in for frontin' what up cousin? Oh, now it's nothin' Yo, you can't go beyond a point of no returning I flip like my name Turner That's for certain nigga, Ted Turner, Nat Turner, nigga Ike Turner The raw sojourner for truth The mic burner [Repeat Hook] [Jean Grae] Mic malevolence defies violence I inherited Others just rentin' it like rooms at the Sheraton I gotta jones like Vanessa in the devil in- And y'all cold like a show in the Netherlands Cold shoulders and frozen aortic valves - So I don't form pals - conform to norms - morals different Gifted - use it to shift shit a mutant shape shifter when I spit it I'm liquid You could lick a million shots at the character of the body shell They'll just richochette nigga aura's hard as hell Before there was ain't hard to tell The mic's cycle coincided right with mine as well Since a minor I walked with the spine upstraight I learned to rhyme to feed the dinner plate I scraped barrel - even dined up on wine and steaks Cuz in the bone same marrow that apartheid chased The narrow margin with the haves and the have nots Will get smaller as I approach - so watch your stash box Fox logo if your fave is local Get bruised till you're the color of the Laker's logo This is work niggaz [Repeat Hook] [Mac] I made it - ain't nobody believe in me But this rap game is like selling coke legally Ain't no innovations - that takes concentration Nigga's celebrating not knowing the time they wasting Killin' mics is one of my aesthetics Rip very live so I'm an entertainer like Cedric Shit they play on radio's now give me a headache Can't slow me down I know where I'm headed The profit on kill if you let it Nigga's feeling energetic Wanna rumble - guns will come out Here come the paramedics I'm just trying to live like I've Devin Tired of my people failin' We all sin - the devil, what di I tell em Somebody gotta get their hands dirty and shoes muddy I see things vividly, y'all vision is blurry Even if you hate - through my music you gone love Everybody with me and they was with me when it was ugly [Repeat Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Duck Down! Typed by: kkbonsu@hotmail.com [Black Thought] Yea we gettin' ready to break y'all it's winner take all The game is locked we down to the eight ball The time is now, it ain't nothin' to wait for I'm a king by blood a soldier by nature I'm somthin' like a threat to y'all space cadets 'Cause you never met brother nothin' like me yet So push another slice into your toast and tighten your vests Cause it's a warrior you seein' here tonight in the flesh I give you somthin' high voltage double dosage Runnin' with these vultures givin' me ulcers Which one of these hustlers bringin' the thunder 'Riq Geez not another man takin' us under Nigga please which Philly cat doin' his own thing Might say black my give you a code name Round my neck see the microphone hang Have your lady lips singin' like on soul train The niggaz that's a problem is minimal margin The Colonel, Capitan, Lieutenant, General Sergeant Black, one man army move in on your squadron You sittin' still you know you a target You heard you better duck down! [Chorus: repeat 2X] See me comin' better tuck those chains Cause you don't wanna feel them thangs If you want it, you can get it baby You know you need to get low Duck Down! (Duck Down!) [Black Thought] Yea we gettin' set to get rid of y'all that's what it's headin' for The underdog knuckle and brawl with the bigger ball I spit what your wig absorb sicker than sycamore I'm creatin' a circumstance that you a victim of The rebel or the renegade out on the quest The super black man runnin' wit a S on his chest And stand for the straight struggle to escape the stress You think it's sweet tryin' to eat, you ain't taste this yet So make y'all steps precautious into the darkness Thoughts cold and heartless makin' me nauseous Gettin' more remorses for what I done If the lawyers and courts wonder what I run You see the liberty it's free but just for some How you a gangster and you scared to bust your gun For the call, trust your fam' and trust nobody at all Seein' brothers gettin' struck down You better duck down! [Verse 3: Black Thought] Yeah I can feel somethin' for sure, I've been up in here before A gladiator in a colliseum ready for war That old timer holdin' his revolver set to blow Just like a gladiator at whoever stick his head in the door And one who been through it all, anything go Rather give it to you straight 'stead of speakin in codes Cuz man, that bullshit can get you riddled with holes If you ain't insured than the hospitals is close You got to go up-town while ya leakin' on the ground In cases like these, you need to duck down You're five dollar toys, I'm a million dollar man Esquire 'Riq Geez go according to plan I'm thinkin' outside the box, off the blocks An outside your concept of time, off the clocks for real Well it's Black Thought your boss DJ Whatever you brothers weigh that's what ya gonna pay [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Why (What's Goin On?) Typed by: Risetotherim@aol.com WHY?? (6 x's) Sky's the limit so you know I'm gonna rise and shine I gotta do my thing, I'm kinda getting a little tired of all that's hidden That's the reason I'm a speak my mind, keep from going insane Now work with it, we in the last innin' The world keeps spinnin', my peoples steady losin' while the rich keep winnin' It's like we neva smilin' and the devil steady grinnin' killin' what we representin' Even our children and women, 2K4, livin' above and under the law Young teen joins the marines, says he'll die for the core Inducted up into the goverment's war as if the land of money and oil Funny how ain't none of it yours I can't sleep yo I'm paranoid, it's code orange It's far from right, I guess that's why it feels so wrong To see the world get stripped out of every resource And people pray to Coca-Cola now instead of the gods What's goin' on? WHY?? (6 x's) Keepin' your head above water, hustlin' to survive Some people chasin' a dream, others just chasin' a high Some people blind leading the blind, they chasin' a lie Some people chokin' backs broken barely makin' it by But still they workin' all they live, they pushin' for the light Givin' everything they got to stitch them swishes on ya Nike's Puttin' pockets on our jeans, mining diamonds for them rings Rewarded with small change and bullets in the brains And it makes me feel strange everything we take for granted At times I feel stranded on this planet of mine Now should I pull the hammer, clap it out, and laugh about it Or stand up, be counted while I cast my ballot When the undertaker's busy and the prison's is crowded People livin' in fear because they vision is clouded But the sky's the limit, I ain't cryin' you a river Gotta move me a mountain, I'm a git up and shout it WHY?? (6 x's) When I dream it's hounds on my heels gainin' momentum I'm tired, can't get uninspired or quit runnin' I can feel they only inches behind, I escape, I survive Some how I gotta decide how much I want it Or is anybody listenin' without a pot to piss in If I disappear I wonder if the world will know I'm missin' Who my support system, it's not the court system Gotta letter it said that you're not avoiding prison People 'neath the microscope 'cause we defining the culture They smile and insult you like you shinin' their loafers Them old heads say we need a modern day Moses When the leaders is posers we needing some soldiers It's the X generation, The anger is a nature Got the writing on the wall so clear that I can taste it Like a kid sniffing glue somewhere trying to escape Cause we vulnerable and naked Gotta show 'em we can make it WHY?? (hook repeats out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots w/ Roy Ayers Album: Home Grown Volume One/Stolen Moments: Red Hot + Cool Song: Proceed II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ...welcome to The Roots, The Roots Check it, check it, Black Thought, is in the house and uhh, Malik B, is in the house We're groovin out, yes in the house *discordant talk* ... Just get on the mic with your master plan Verse One: Malik B I can make you dance, I can make you shout The scripts in the scroll turned the whole party out Inject my lyrics in a sec with dialect Why accept, because it's from the highest eye and depth Rap extrordinaire share me never ever See through because I be true, Malik's together Intox your cells till your brain vein swells Niggaz'll claim terror when their never parellel Once I have a hunch that there's MC's that front I just crunched a whole bunch, in one big munch I always stand firm, under any term My actions never squirm cuz my tracks is perm I have a tendency to defend this MC My residency is simply in sensei I makes it vivid, on different continents of earth I pivot It seems extreme and exquisite but ask it is it My style is like a cat from a seventies flick Talkin jive as he strut with his afro pick Or a predator, just before he stalks his pray When I talk this way, I do dismay See you're puzzled, now how I think you're trying to juggle My mind is like a nine M double, now there's trouble The Roots bring you styles and all types of creed I sign off but I shall proceed Chorus: I shall, proceed, and continue, to rock the mic (4X) Verse Two: Black Thought Yo, we could get fly, we could get fly We could get fly that's the anthem of my crew not to glorify but it's sorta high Troubles of the world bring tears to my eye wonder why my man, can't vaccinate, y'all know the fate Similar to the way I'm a disease on tape To escape Metropolis is such a violent state I spill words over pages, styles over phrases from the world's different stages for crowds of different ages Though not a nova, you witness like Jehovah Now niggaz beg for lyrical plague to pass them over Righ right niggaz is like stick up kids Doin bids you got caught, enter the Black Thought I interface with bass when I communicate Crowds I elevate, to another mindstate of rap thinking, see musically the Black thinking rhythm therefore, I give em what I'm giving, therefore I give em what I'm giving that's the hardcore The Roots'll keep it real for sure, and I shall proceed Chorus Rockin on the microphone I do this well (repeats) *crowd cheers* The Roots, The Roots! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Raphael Saadiq Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: What They Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse One] Yo, yo Lost generation, fast paced nation World population confront they frustration The principles of true hip-hop have been forsaken It's all contractual and about money makin Pretend-to-be cats don't seem to know they limitation Exact replication and false representation You wanna be a man, then stand your own To MC requires skills, I demand some shown I let the frauds keep frontin And roam like a celluar phone far from home Givin crowds what they wantin Offical hip-hop consumption, the 5th thumpin Keepin ya party jumpin with an original somethin Yo, I dedicate this to the one dimension-al No imagination, excuse for perpetration My man came over and said, "Yo we thought we heard you" Joke's on you; you heard a bitin-ass crew but um.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse Two] Thin is the line that run between love and hatred The game is ill-natured, it's nothing sacred Aiyyo, it's funny when I see some rap niggaz due to make it A few'll blow up, or go as far as they can take it My nine to five, is just to hit ya get the party live I'm Black Thought, used to rap for sport Now the rhymes sayin rent payin life support I take it very serious-ly, within this in-dustry It's various crews that try to touch me But I come with the beautiful things, and I bless the track plushly  Around the world crowds love me, from doin tours Recepient of applause from all of you and yours Creator of original sounds to send to stores you take home, to absorb and sweat it out your pores Now who can stop the music runnin through these veins Infinitely go against the grain, that's why my motto's to.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... [Verse Three] Livin the life of limos and lights Airplanes and trains, short days and long nights Keyboards and mics, bass chords and drum kicks And my mental thick to hit my head like brick As I embark on a mission welcomin to the dark When I first spark the arts, when the listenin start Open your head wide, and let the Thought inside My style fortified by all of Philadel-phi I've dealt more stealth than all the wicked weal-thy Mentality undetectable by the naked eye Then I get paid when the record is played To put it short "I want it made" like Ed, nuff said Then after that, I'm puttin on my cousin Hamed We let the ladies blend with the darkskin thoroughbred and discover, my level is that of no other And Roots crew reign offical and true while I'm continuin to.. [Chorus: Raphael Saadiq] Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... Never do....what they do, what they do, what they do... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Things Fall Apart Song: The Next Movement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] C'mon.. and yes y'all You are now in tune to the sounds.. of the legendary.. foundation Yeah, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Word up, we got the HOT-HOT music, The HOT MUSIC (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (3X) Yo, one, two, one-two one-two That's how we usually start, once again it's the Thought The Dalai Lama of the mic, the prime minister Thought This directed to whoever in listening range Yo the whole state of things in the world bout to change Black rain fallin from the sky look strange The ghetto is red hot, we steppin on flames Yo, it's inflation on the price for fame and it was all the same, but then the antidote came The Black Thought, ill syllablist, out the Fifth This heavyweight rap shit I'm about to lift LIKE, a phyllum lift up it's seed to sunlight I plug in the mic, draw like a gunfight I never use a cordless, or stand applaudless Sippin cholorophyll out of ill silver goblets I'm like a faucet, monopoly's the object There ain't no way to cut this tap, you got ta get wet Your head is throbbin and I ain't said shit yet The Roots crew, the next movement, c'mon! And yes y'all You are now in tune to the sounds of the legendary, foundation, check it out, uh Testin, yo, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Word up, we got the HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (3X) Word up, the formation of words to fit That's what I usually disturb you with A lot of rappers never heard of this, or know half the time it is You doubt the Illa-Fifth, what could you accomplish? Whether they skywriting your name, or you anonymous You be speechless, with stinging sinuses The Roots royal highnesses through your monitors I tilt my crown, then blow down a diamond kiss You need to buy a CD and stop rewindin this I'm the finalist, shinin like a rugged amethyst And at your music conference, I'm the panelist Listen close to my poetry, I examine this like an analyst, to see if you can handle this Check it out You, got the groove, emcees freeze, stand still, nobody move unless you dealin with The Next Movement The P-Phi-D we be the mon-u-ment I live my life nice, but I'm not too bent You theatrical as a Broadway play, this ain't Rent One hundred percent, straight out the Basement Spreading this across a planet on some next shit How many people feelin this love music? C'mon Yo, you go Hey you listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement You listeners, stop what you're doin and set it in motion, it's the next movement Yo, we got the HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (1X) The HOT-HOT music, the HOT music (7X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Good Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [?uestlove] Peace to all the hip cats, all the nappy sweets This is the BROther ?uestion, broadcasting live via satellite, from the Never Never Tunnels Now dig.. the rituals for today, is good music So sit back, relax.. and dig the groove [Black Thought] Yo bust it, I digs hip-hop, and rocks for hip-hop Not R&B because to me that's not my style and the R-double-O-quotes ain't for radio, but major soul the ones that's hip won't change the dial and I remember one morning at the Soul Shack, coolin in the outback, on the songwritin ship Blizz a five, off a Bob Marley spliff On the cloud I be relaxin from last night and shit In studio today but hey BROther ?uestion was on the Westside asleep without a clue when I hollered down to Crumbs to pick up the phone and tell him to get ready (?uestion, what ya doin?) (Ain't no thing) Yeah, Buttered chicken wings, so I met him in the West where we had to 'lax and wait for Rubber Band and Bes' Bassey broke down on the other side of town Yo you know what it's about, The Roots is out to the subway 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it, yeah 	* repeat 2X except 'yeah' * [Black Thought] From the subway to the studio Gots to break fast if we wanna get, to the bus Runnin like a Mex for the border (Umm, yo, oh umm, was it a bunch of yas?) Nah, just the four of us Nuff nappy sweets on the transit, two fine (three fine) fo' five mo' fine, UHH! A girl says, "Hey ain't y'all The Square Roots?" and I'm like, "Heh, worrrd,"  and then the shorty passed the sign Now we got to make out exit (where?) to the pavement (to what?) Crushin trail mix (oh word man, yo look out) Say what? (look out!) ?uestion dropped a whole bag of drumsticks (Ain't no thing) but a chicken wing, so he bends down to pick up the sticks and his pants fall down (dang!) In my face, ?uestion didn't frown, turned around and thought he felt a draft, so I laughed (HAHAHAHAHAH!) 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it, yeah 	* repeat 2X except 'yeah' * [Kid Crumbs] Here comes the Crumbs, from the chums of the P.O. Sprouted from The Roots and I was added to the trio Now I'm cahoots and got a reason for my ego In the words of, Los Lobos, ad-ios, a-migo [Black Thought] At the Rat Cave, mic I'm hand, I'm flowin Tellin ?uestion, to keep it, goin What I'm doin, I'm not really knowin but umm, to me see it sounds oh-and-kay'n (it sounds OK) layin, to the sounds playin Umm, hi to hoe and, yeah, hey to hay'n (uh-huh) Trippin, I'm tryin, not to laugh, bust it It's the last paragraph, and I'm done half But ?uestion's jokin, and I'm like hopin that nobody comes in and opens, the door... (Ah man, what is up with you man?  I'm leavin, what why you scratchin your face like that man?  Look ugly, self-righteous, do-gooder) 	Does anybody like good music? 	Sweet music, soul music? 	You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it 	just to use it, to make you move it 	* repeat 2X except * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Roots, The Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: The Lesson, Pt. 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Black Thought Lyrically versatile My rap definition is wild I wrote graffiti as a juvenile Restin on deuce trey And used to boost gray Kangol's with 555 Soul's from the streets of the Ill-a-delphiadaic insane For monetary gain, niggaz is slain on the train It's homicide For wealth stealth missions for crack In the alleyways, where niggaz get grazed in the back From stray shots Clips with hollow tips, for your spine or Either remain calm, catch a rhyme, to your mind Niggaz ya know my style I run a--motherfuckin-rap--muk When Malik get a U-Haul truck I stand five, foot seven, in command of the party and scam like Uncle Sam I'm never caught up in the glass eye of your action cam, cause I'm down low Artistic exquisite rap pro, that get the dough It's the Philly borough dread thoroughbread for dolo I bag solo, like a nigga that boost Polo Steppin through the corridor, of metaphors Lookin over my left Shoulder the mic, still feel colder than before With this jazz shit I hit your jaw Dice Raw, get up on the mic, my young poor I be the nigga blowin up the spot on tour Surely real to the core, old school like eighty-four I never die, and raps till my lungs collapse Then relax until my knack for tracks Bring it back, on time When I rhyme my rep remain Either go against the grain or your ass is found slain I overcome, niggaz want styles then I throw you some Show you some, get on the mic and take it over son Dice Raw, the motherfuckin Wild Noid Get on the mic and perpetratin is void Verse Two: Dice Raw Ya leave niggaz missin in action like their dads in the projects My style like an old mac, travel round and catch wreck I'm ill versatile, with the skill no more Wack MC's wanna flex but their styles they bore Got to know the real meaning of the ill shit, kid I do mad damage but never will catch a bid With my knapsack, full of ill shit that I just boosted From the corner store when I let loose more Flavor that's me, rippin heads off from the seams Niggaz didn't play like Jeru and Come Clean [he heh ha ha ha] I beat down on they heads like drum machines Or 808's cause my style flows out great And superspectac, with all the raw rap Pull a metal chair out my knapsack across your back ka-crack Now do you feel the pain of course I guess you're believin that I'm insane When I'm taggin my name, upon the train I got so much pride I got so much soul, with lyrics high To make niggaz stop drop and roll, now check me out one time For your ass, fat styles equivalent of an AIDS infected Glock blast Niggaz know my style, plus they know they want more Props from Mount Vernon, to Mount Rushmore OK kid, you know my style is buckwild literature That you can never get when I'm thinkin your particular flavor that you want I sit back and smoke a fat blunt in class Teachers can kiss my ass, I'm twice, Dice Nigga de Raw, never take a bad fall Smack your head up against the wall Like playin handball, my style's ill I slam like Hulk Hogan, Dice Raw bettin on my arm Niggaz know my slogan while I breathe your last breath Niggaz better watch they step, fat bull catch wreck Ill, gots ta keep you in check With the hellified beats and hard rhymes Niggaz know my style, when I go the whole nine I beat down punks, cut em up into fruit chunks Like fruit salad, my style's smooth like white owl Blunts, so whatcha want if you got beef then come get it if ya don't well then forget it My rap style's exquisite, I'm Raw Daddy Like niggaz with no Trojans on the stage when I rhyme I gots ta keep, my composure Where I'm from it's like a whole different world Hoppin a train honeydip and I'ma snatch your squirrel Most corrupt, motherfucker in the tenth grade Juvenile cause Jeff McKay could not fade Don't ask me honey I'm not the one for stressin If you wanna know better ask BR.O.Th.E.R ? Cause he know the time like I know the time When I grab the microphone It's like, summertime, laid back, to recline In my La-Z-Boy chair Dice Raw, the Wild Noid I'm the fuck up outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Star/Pointro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [40 seconds of instrumental to start] [Black Thought] Get 'em up high - okay, yeah Go all-star, and get down for yours To the ladies in the house, be proud of yours You got the, Roots crew with the sound of course High, lift 'em up high, okay [Black Thought] When that adrenaline get in they system It get 'em out on a quest for stardom, could be a motherfuckin problem in Philly, Cincinatti, Los Angeles or Harlem Kids call theyself killers let they hammers do the talkin Don't even know the meaning of life, ain't seen a thing and you dream of floodin the scenery with, llello and greenery But for now, you stickin her with the heavy machinery Wonder how, you lift it up, be only 17 And like e'rybody he wanna shine, young brothers on the grind Holdin somethin in they spine, "Bowling for Columbine" Stressin to me how it's all about a dollar sign Dig the way you out of line, out of sight and out of mind Up against the clock and damn near out of time "The Tipping Point" has arrived, and that's the bottom line To all my peoples that's stars, it's our time to shine Let's get 'em up high, c'mon [Chorus] - 2X [Black Thought] Yo, ain't it strange how the newspapers play with the language I'm deprogrammin y'all with uncut slang shit I know some peoples in the party armed and dangerous Twist some cool champagne, I'm goin through changes A grown-ass man, I done paid my dues Learn the rules lil' homey, you could be one too Niggaz know, ain't no tellin what he gon' do But recognize young bruh, I'ma do it for you You know why? We all stars and we highly evolved Hip-Hop, it's not pop like Kylie Minogue If it bang, them gettin-busy brothers probably involved In the game, where e'rybody got a shottie to draw I guess you probably a thug, you boss ballin or what? I can't call it man, I got the ladies fallin in love Cause handsome, intelligent, tough - I'm all the above I know you knew it it's the movement Groove to it while you doin it up [Chorus] - 2X w/ minor variations [Black Thought] Introducin the band you gotta see to believe He got the mic in his hand, so keep the heat up your sleeve It's Black Thought, he rockin sharp so the speakers'll bleed I run a triathalon, you wouldn't see me fatigued I'm a star, and maybe y'all should cop somethin to be Or trade some of y'all equipment in for somethin you need Cause it's a, lot of bullshit floodin the scene Where e'rybody's a star, and hot shit is few and far between We lose the grip of what, garbage mean Shorties wanna be theyself, I know it's hard to be Don't wanna do the Ruben Studdard and come off less threatenin Keepin it real'll kill you if you end up lettin it Ain't it blowin your mind how the game all in line Now the best, to the rest, we fin' to end up settin it I'd tell you that I was a veteran but it's evident You act like you want it, you gon' end up gettin it [Chorus] - 3X w/ minor variations "Everybody is a star.." [echoes and fades into an instrumental that ends the song] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: The Hypnotic Typed by: aes1997@yahoo.com (The hypnotic, the hypnotic) (The hypnotic, the hypnotic) 7X Yo, I knew this girl named Alana with mad persona She delt with reality never fed it to the drama I met her through my nigga named Jermaine Palmer Who knew her through his peoples by the Baltimore harbor Alana was a Marylan' thurough and attractive Shorty that's relaxed with me and kickin back Wif a phat flick to cool out Was stressed cause the game'll make you wanna pull a tool out  And go the old school route But all-a that cease - when that piece checkin the jewel out A bruver was charged - light a spliff and listen to the dabarge Let the shorty hit me wif a massage to annoint Lubricatin my maridian points that was the Summer easy to remember Alana was all up on - to read the gender how I used to back bender She even told her best friend Blinda from Virginia Who asked me if I had a cousin I could recomend-a But as time float on we grew more mature - and further apart When I began to do tours, we lost contact And slowly parted - reminissin of when it started It keep me feelin heavy hearted - a stolen moment periodic Addicted to her presence like a narcotic Though I wonder if she ever got it - the hypnotic That faded like a dream sequence that pursuaded Beyond being infatuated - spiritually intoxicated Comps are dated - I concentrated On how to get in touch with her Cuase the fact of the matter remain that I miss the hypnotic Driftin ------- (driftin)  (the hypnotic, the hypnotic) X7 Driftin ------- (driftin) I would begin to dial - Her number but knowin it's been awhile it's hard to link I figure what she probly think and soon start to drink Fightin the feelin I'm concealin apparently I first appealin Later revealin to be deeper - resistance increasingly weaker The essence of life is more than just mic's and puffin reefa This universe of Black Thought that I can teach ya I'm tryin to touch ya only if I can reach ya I hit this kid I sign up on his beepa And ask him if a had a chance to speak ta Jermaine Palmer who fathers a preacha To make the story short me and my man soon ran Into each other von the humble at a show in San Fran I said "Yo Palma, when did you last see Alana"? He offer me a seat and attempts to make me calma When he began to break it down my mind start to wander Response beyond somber incredible crushed Kinda feelin on my shoulder - that of a boulder To find out that her life was over - it made the room feel colder I thought I could get wif her when she was a little older But she a victim of the wicked system that controlled-a it's all chaotic But if my life it's symbolic forever shadow on my mental I never forgot it Yo the psycotic, the hypnotic check it out the Most Melodic hypnotic Driftin ------- Driftin ------- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots  Album: Do You Want More?!!!??!  Song: Silent Treatment  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X Girl you know that you need to stop givin' me the silent.. treatment baby  Can't you see what you mean to me? I wanna love you constantly, but you keep neglecting me  And treating me silently  Verse One: BlackThought Yo, I had a Queen named Amina, height 5'7"  Caramel-complected, body like heaven  Met her through the sister of my man Big Vince  Like some shit from out the flicks we been in love ever since  She called me her chocolate brotha, I call her my sugar sista  Knew Shorty could work it since before I ever kissed her I never dissed her, painted my picture to hit  But because sex she wasn't with, she started flippin an' shit  Like, "Listen man, I'm Queen Amina, Amina's not no freak and  that game is weak and keep tryin to hit I could quit speakin  Tariq in fact, you bein BlackThought don't get ya closer I dig ya but won't bone ya because I'm so-called supposed ta  Most o' them would, but that couldn't be me, that's not my flava  Go home and think about that, maybe later on I'll page ya..." I contemplated, and then concluded she was bluffin Steady pursuin screwin, gettin nothin but the silent treatment  Chorus (+ "Silently bay-bee" at end) Verse Two: BlackThought Crazy frustration, about my lovin situation  When patience was a virtue, but I wasn't used to waitin I want some Marvin Gaye healin, feelin is real inside  I slip and slide, my ride'll keep you occupied, I'd.. love to get wit it like that, but my baby's kitty cat's capped and locked, Love Boat is docked at the shore  And what for? Later for groupies on tour  Why won't my sugar call me no more? I mean, my Queen gets upset, rejectin and sexually neglect  Then sayin I'm more sewer than Das EFX, and closed-minded It's like I'm blinded by the skinnin I'm into women; because of that, this one's into communication  Temptation played the vandal, freakin my brain, my mind  Rippin the handle on physically scandalous acts Yo! She knew what I wanted, but she fronted  ... bust it Chorus Verse Three: BlackThought Well umm Movin right along with the song, plus the strong  feelings on my mind, desire to intertwine Combine and blend, baby bust a message that I send Ain't no need to pretend, cause shit is real til the end  I provide a place to hide from crime, hard times and livin trife, while I open ya mind, you're in my life  like love, it ain't no way no one can rise above what's real That's why I'm feelin like you're makin me bugged I puff an El on fifty deuce while I walk in the rain  Heart feelin killa pain while I hop the train  Dial her number to the rest, and ain't no messages left  Regardless, my chest thumps from stress, yo it's a mess  I don't know what I got to do to make you understand  I'm for real and that's no question, no frontin or no guessin Undressin, carressin, in the span, that I contain in my hand  could touch and make you say that I'm such a man  and call my name, so let me set your body aflame  I'll never treat you like a dame or run game  Now who's to blame? I know you're not a hoe for niggaz with a lot of dough  But I just wanted you to know  Chorus (+ "silently" at end) Chorus 1/2 (+ "silently, si-lent-ly" at end) *whistling of music fades away* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Erykah Badu, Eve Album: Things Fall Apart Song: You Got Me Typed by: jlw343@psu.edu Chorus: Erykah Badu (repeat 2X) If you were worried 'bout where I been or who I saw or what club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me (Black Thought) Somebody told me that this planet was small we use to live in the same building on the same floor and never met before until I'm overseas on tour  and peep this ethiopian queen from philly  taking classes abroad she studying film and photo flash focus record said she workin on a flick and could my click do the score she said she loved my show in paris at Elysee Montmartre and that I stepped off the stage and took a piece of her heart we knew from the start that things fall apart, intentions shatter she like that shit don't matter  when I get home get at her through letter, phone, whatever let's link, let's get together shit you think not, think the Thought went home and forgot time passed, we back in philly now she up in my spa tellin me the things I'm tellin her is makin her hot startin buildin with her constantly round the clock now she in my world like hip-hop  and keep tellin me Chorus [Black Thought] Yo, I'm the type that's always catchin a flight and sometimes I gotta be out at the height of the night and that's when she flip and get on some 'ol [Eve] Another lonely night seems like I'm on the side you only loving your mic I know you gotta get that paper daddy keep that shit tight but yo I need some sort of love in my life, you dig me while politicin with my sister from new york city she said she know this ball player and he think I'm pretty Psych, I'm playin boo, you know it's just wit you I'm stayin boo  and when cats be poppin game I don't hear what they sayin boo when you out there in the world, I'm still your girl with all my classes I don't have the time for life's thrills so when you sweatin on stage think of me when you rhyme and don't be listenin to your homies they be leavin you blind [Black] Yeah, so what you sayin I can trust you? [Eve]	Is you crazy, you my king for real [Both]	But sometimes relationships get ill [Eve]	No doubt Chorus [Black Thought] Thet snake could be that chick  and that rat could be that cool cat that's whispering "she tryin to play you for the fool Black" if something's on your chest then let it be known see I'm not your every five minutes all on the phone and on the topic of trust, it's just a matter of fact that people bite back and fracture what's intact and they'll forever be I ain't on some "oh I'm a celebrity" I deal with the real so if it's artificial let it be I've seen people caught in love like whirlwinds listening to they squads and listening to girlfriends that's exactly the point where they whole world ends lies come in, that's where that drama begins, she like Chorus: repeat until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: Clones Yeah, to all the Jim Carrey ass large co-op KnowhatI'msayin? Large co-op, what the fuck? To the clones, we bless the domes Blow the vial, you know my style, large co-op Freestyle all the way son Dice Verse One: M.A.R.S. First of all let's talk about these ill capers And fly ass frontin bitches that now caught vapors Niggaz run up on you with guns, snatchin papers Outlined body chalk, is how they would scrape ya From off the pavement, I hate gettin locked up cause that upstate bus reminds me of the slave ships But then the bible never saved shit I guess that's why every juvenile is in the same predicament You wanna slang crack, or hold tecs, and do the concept You can't make loot, when your moms is smokin up the product I try to tell ya, don't let these streets fuckin fail ya The way niggaz be gettin clapped shit'll fuckin scare ya But in the dark, we ran wild, so we killin em Niggaz scared, can't stand still, like fuckin helium Fake niggaz, they don't go platinum they go aluminum Got em cloned the fuck up son, that's why we losin em I'm lookin at this niggaz longevity To make a big play, but then it might be a mistake Cuz if I get sent to D.C., I'm sendin Dice to DE With three p's, so when I get out, he can see me for real, cuz the streets is filled with snakes and rats The snake will be that bitch and that rat will be that cool cat With swollen pockets we gonna take you back home Master Allah Rule Savior, never clone Verse Two: Black Thought Yo, I use the mic to slap you in the face and erase your taste Disgrace your date put your title to waste Dominant lyrical grace, from a place called wild Illadelph Isle Pensy, that's the residency Consist in currency, my pockets never empty Some cats, believe they MC but we know they all fraud Do a show in Philly niggaz wouldn't applaud Nobody know your record nor who you openin for Can tell your squad's artificial while approachin the door So you should prepare, for lyrical terror that's pure Step up to the resevoir, of the soul proprietor style messiah or, the higher law down with Dice Raw The matador, shorty conniseur Stompin whatever you build to the floor Similar to that of a dinosaur I told you I'm the rap predator You insist to imitate, what for? Superstar niggaz is ten percent real, ninety percent invented for a fuckin record deal Comin with somethin veterans can't feel I hit you like a steel anvil Because you grafted off the next man's skill But still I remain mellow, seein the theatrics of Othello Run over tactics of the  C-L-O/N-E-S fess The phoniest cats is felonious (word) Verse Three: Dice Raw Dice Raw the juvenile lyricist corner store terrorist Block trooper, conniseur of fine cannabis Focus never weak, blow up the spot like plastique Leave a nigga shook, to the point, he won't speak Never half-assed, always live and direct On bitches try to punk smell the panty and raw sex Mad lights I had to black out, when fake niggaz act out Or step out of place, they get slapped in they face All y'all niggaz is fake, tryin to emulate my style what grown man? In this game, to me you're a child I trained wack MC's, in camps like ex-marines Why the fuck you think you went home and had bad dreams of horrifying things, that your ass never seen before? You traveled to the realm of Dice Raw where CLONES get they dome blown with chrome microphones It's not your fault black, just the fact you wasn't shown You'll come through this like a smurf I got you rollin stop off the earth Represent while I been like this since birth And I won't be the last but I DEFINITELY was the first Dice Raw big car Logan's Isle sol-dier Verse Four: Malik B Don't come across that line or pay a cost Knuckle games and hammer cocked ain't nothing sweet or soft Win lose or draw to the jaw take one Deranger lyrical launcher, or station No conversation is needed, my task completed Read a nigga up and down in the cut where I'm seated Snatch you from your cloud of cannabis you ignoramuses You laid on your lap, when I attack your glamorous lifestyle, I banged your head up with the white fowl My character a product of this two-one-fifth trife style I breeze through areas niggaz would fear to walk in Balance the talkin, that galactic style as of a falcon Your Star Trek ass will wrinkle Spill these words and form into a sprinkle cap you're brought up and the name of twinkle My insight will crack the windpipe of y'all niggaz Whether small, middle-sized, or tall niggaz Just tie your name next when I start to X Givin out flex pains of death so fuck a raincheck The insane vet, whether you ganked the brain wet You proceed to lame check, the opposite of same sex I annihliate your type if you violate Makin your blood rush, you post never a higher rate The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Jaguar Album: Home Grown Volume One/Best Man Soundtrack Song: What You Want Typed by: mamasuga@hmc.edu [CHORUS] Here's what you want right Here's what you need right We got to give you more Of what you're lookin for So it's a secret that's been pent up inside for years Exclusive type, only for your eyes and ears You held it in for so long you bursted into tears The letters spilled slowly across the page like a world premiere Well I ain't, the bullshit begins here The obvious cause, the effects is unclear The punishment for crimes of the heart could be severe Though to keep it on the low is a heavy cross to bear You deep now, submerged with no signs of air Still your sunken heart thumpin like the kick in a snare While on the surface it's all turnin to a circus That's why you're nervous, and you got a right to be Cause if somebody woulda done that shit to me I mean my best man hittin my wife-to-be My sentiments exactly would be history Y'know what I'm sayin my peoples in the place let's hit it off one two [CHORUS] Yo, it's like nothin changed, it's all the same thang The same characters in a book, with different names It's a lot more to lose than you got to gain You a lot more confused than hip to the game The peep the script of the game the price is pain Men and women get into things, now who's to blame? When everybody whisperin bout whatever took place And how the fact twist a knot with a straight face And lies, hard to swallow from the bitter taste Well that's a point in the past that can't be erased So motivate, though it's hard to let it ride Or set aside true feelings, underhand dealings Our lost trust, I wonder if we lost us It's bigger than me and you, it's monstrous So I'ma, just calm down and try to relax Before I clap ???????? [CHORUS] If you could only flash back and undo our actions Change what happens, dissect the fractions A time to rewind and be recorded absent For real cause these memories is photographic Pornographic, pushing me close to madness Head heavy like I'm trippin on acid tablets Yesterday as I recall was all fabulous I thought so But now it feel like shots hittin my torso Spent a lotta time and trust in the wrong place Fought a lotta fights rollin with the wrong ace Love, stronger than pride, we could end disgrace I need, room the think, and space to ventilate Was solid as a rock, shall not disintegrate Thoughts racing like the lunatics on the interstate For real, ya, it's ill, ya, my peoples in the place.... [CHORUS (repeat to end, with Black Thought adlibbing)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Act Too.. The Love of My Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What? Hip-Hop y'all, to the top y'all Hip-Hop check it out It's like that, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the check it out Yo, what? And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hop love) To the top (to the top) hip-hop, check it out It's like, word up, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life (of my life) [Black Thought] The anticipation arose as time froze I stared off the stage with my eyes closed and dove into the deep cosmos The impact pushed back, the first five rows But before the raw live shows I remember I'se a little snot-nosed Rockin Gazelle, goggles and Izod clothes Learnin the ropes of ghetto survival Peepin out the situation I had to slide through Had to watch my back my front plus my sides too When it came to gettin mine I ain't tryin, to argue Sometimes I wouldn'ta made it if it wasn't for you Hip-Hop, you the love of my life and that's true When I was handlin the shit I had to do It was all for you, from the door for you Speak through you, gettin paper on tour for you From the start, Thought was down by law for you Used to hit up every corner store wall for you We ripped shit, and kept it hardcore for you I remember late nights, steady rockin the mic Hip-Hop, you the love of my life So tell the people like that y'all (that y'all) And it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take it to the top.. [Common] Yo, yo I was speakin, to my guy 'Riq and How she was desperately seekin to Organize in a Konfusion Usin, no protection, told H.E.R. on _Resurrection_ Caught in the Hype Williams, and lost H.E.R. direction Gettin eight/ate in sections where I wouldn't eat H.E.R. An under the counter love, so _Silent_-ly I _Treat_ H.E.R. Her Daddy'll beat H.E.R., eyes all Puff-ed In the mix on tape, niggaz had her in the buff When we touch, it was more than just a fuck The Police, in her I found peace (like who?) Like Malcolm in the East Seen H.E.R. on the streets of New York, trickin off Tried to make a hit with H.E.R. but my dick went soft Movin weight, losin weight, not picky - with who she choose to date To confuse the hate, with her struggle I relate Close to thirty, most of the niggaz she know is dirty Havin more babies than Lauryn, she started showin early As of late I realized, that this is H.E.R. fate Or destiny that brings the best of me It's like God is testin me In _Retrospect_ I see she brought _Life_ and death to me Peace to us collectively, live and direct when we perform It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes Over H.E.R. I got into it with that nigga Ice Cube Now the fight moved to in life, makin the right moves Besides God and family, you my life's jewel Like that y'all Hip-Hop.. *echoes* [whispered] Take it to the top, what? Hip-Hop (hip-hip) To the top, hip-hop (hip-hop) check it out [Black Thought - louder] It's like, word up, and it sounds nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life, what? Bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, yo Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop, word up, to the top (to the top) Hip-Hop, check it out It's like that, what? And it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out What? Yeah, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life Bout to take you to the top love Hip-Hop (hip-hop) to the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Fifth Dynamite, and it sounds alright Hey, cause you the love of my life I'm bout to take you to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the To the to the to the to the, check it out, yo Ye-yeh-yo, yo, and it sounds so nice Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout to take you to the top love, hip-hop (hip-hop) To the top (to the top) hip-hop (hip-hop) Check it out, it's like, yeah, and it's sounds alright Hip-Hop, you the love of my life We bout, take it to the to the to the *vocals fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Do You Want More?!!!??! Song: Do You Want More?!!!??! Typed by: mrmaj@juno.com Black Thought: Well I'm a fly Philly nigga, finger on the trigga MCs repent from sins, God's comin again Original (what?), visionary individual Original (what?), visionary individual I proceed, as I give ya whatcha need Like I'm a medical doctor, watch the damage  I inflict properly, ain't nobody risin on top of me I be droppin more plot in my mic monopoly Got to be, got to be reality, Stevie Wonder see Black Thought be me, I groove ba-by Or I clue they say baby Would you get with this? Not even maybe It's the mister gravy and shit To explain what's goin on inside my brain You're scared, jealous No analyst can maintain or handle this... Mind train, yo I'm on some old snap a rapper neck shit You know what I'm sayin? So niggaz best get out of my path Kid, I'm on point like a gat The basket case, I waste MCs with rapture taste Facing these leads to cats diminished They be pullin the mic out that ass when I get finished Administrative assistant I'm not, yo, I'm the principal Nigga, takin shots, like I'm invincible  Figure me to be hardcore, my input cuts your jaw For real, for short, do you want more?!!!??! Yo, Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  South Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  North Philly in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  G-Town in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Mount Airy in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Oaklane in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Lodan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Jersey in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Uptown in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Brooklyn in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Manhattan in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  The Boogie Down in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  L.I. in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on, Queens in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  DC in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  West Coast in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Down South in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  London in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Germany in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Tokyo in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Africa in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Puerto Rico in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Yeah, we in the house y'all (Do you want more?)  Come on (*beatbox scratch* You want more, an encore)(until end) (Do you want more?!!!??!)(repeated 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Mos Def Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Double Trouble Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * about 35 seconds of ad libs * [Black Thought] We go wow, ba-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall, just sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Runnin one on one and only hip-hop bound Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [Black Thought] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) Well it's like smack the track up and leave dents in it The vocalist, bustin this blunt, instrument spit The magnificent, rapper's run from it All fly girls, nipples and toes, numb from it MC's in my circumference, is confronted son Get your growth stunted from this, you don't want it (What nigga?) The Black Thought and M-O-S Def done it Who the ultimate? Yo my man speak upon it [Mos Def] Aiyyo I stop fools and drop jewels but never run it Rock mics so nice I make you stock price plummet All you high noon riders better rally at the summit It's me and Tariq and your fleet outnumbered Cross the membrane barkin big game and get hunted Eyewitness account, say it happened so sudden Just slid off to the side, didn't really say nuttin Then BLAOW, blew away the 1900th [Black Thought] You better get your rest cause the next day comin Oh yes, and MC's they scared to say sum'tin Stop frontin, I'm in the cut just onlookin Your get your kings, your rooks, rings and pawns tooken [Mos Def] Aiyyo, keep your tape rollin so you catch every bar of the Black Thought and the black man from Black Star Illadelph and Vietnam we conference, accomplish Even with stakes inclined, I get mine, regardless [Black Thought] Yo, a lot of Smurfette MC's carry purses And rock, uniforms, that's made for nurses I burst your verses, your words is worthless Only touchin surface, the FUCK's the purpose? [Mos Def] I shot the sherriff, the deputy, and head of bank treasury So mounties in the county got a BIG bounty stressin me But tell 'em to hold off, they too short to measure me Mos and Black Thought blast forth with the weaponry [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We got to blow up the spot, because they must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Yeah, now check your stove top before you take a listen And make sure beans don't burn in the kitchen These gassed-up niggaz just ain't fuel efficient I play the winter breeze to choke hold your piston (eh-eh-eh-eh) Now you niggaz can't make pole position Class E chassis can't hold the transmission Crew pit, useless, they got they tools missin Watch me, grand prix, champy for wealth driven [Black Thought] Yo, you go one for my hustle (hustle) Two to rock rhyme (two to rock rhyme) From the muscle kid I'm one of the illets of all time I swing from chandeliers and wall climb And specialize in warfares of all kind A lot of MC's said I'm a run it down rhyme But half the time, they run it down one of mine Thought suffocatin em with yet another stunnin line You dumb and blind kid, it's enlarged and underlined [Mos Def] What I memorized leave your whole staff pressurized Melt down all of your artificial lies Y'all niggaz is faker than Yellow No. 5 Swine like mono and diglyceride My vocals got texture, you just texturized I'm nicer than your writtens even when I'm improvised Step into my zone get flown like fly by the b-boy Lazarus who just won't die [Black Thought] Yo, me and Kamal and Leanord Hubbard, ?uestlove and Malik We go back to dollar hoagies and Tahitian Treat Or like toast in the oven with government cheese bubblin Me and Dante like Marvin, The Troublemen travellin Give me the mic, we on that again b-boy business, off the top actin and battlin Servin them cats that forgot But don't get too close, because you might get shot [both interwined] Like blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Brace yourself, it's about to go down [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) We go blaow-ba-dow-da-da-dow-da-dah-ow Either stand tall or sit the fuck down All the way from the 2-1-5th to Bucktown Went from _Do You Want More?!??!!_ to what you want now? [Mos Def] Yo Tariq (whassup) how your micraphone sound (It sound tight) well aight, show em what it's about [both intertwined] We bout to blow up the spot, because y'all must have forget We double (trouble) bubble (bubble) bubble (bubblin hot) [Mos Def] Say here's a little story that must be told About two young brothers who got so much soul They takin total control, of the body and brain Flyin high in the sky, on a lyrical plane It's just two bad brothers who will never quit Mos Def and Tariq from the 2-1-5th They rock beginnin to end, on a spiritual blend And everybody who forgot then baby tell em again It's just me and Tariq, with Ahmir on the beat The Roots crew baby yo we got to make it unique We got the soul-shockinest, body-rockinest Non-stoppinest, _Fortified Live_ survive the apocalypse Rhymes we say, the perfect blend Because we know how to rock when the beat come in Like zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen, ZEN zen ZEN zen Here we go, here we here we here we go Zen zen-zen, ZEN zen zen ZEN zen zen Zen zen, ZEN zen zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Let the poppers pop, and the breakers break Then zen-zen-zen-zen-zen Zen-zen-zen-zen-zen, zen-zen, zen-zen Two years ago, a friend of mine Zen zen, ZEN zen, zen-zen zen-zen... *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Home Grown! The Beginner's Guide to Understanding The Roots Vol.2 Song: Sacrifice (Live on BBC Radio One) Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [*Black Thought and Scratch ad-libbing for a minute or so*] [Verse One: Black Thought] Check it out yo Before we go for this like we was arachnids Drastic, it ain't plastic it's Pro-Blackness Grown man tactics, no pediatrics the kind of track that make the comeback miraculous the catalyst, Thought with the knack for splashin' I'm dashin' I mastered the craft of mashin' The level-headed throughbred, the female's passion Magnetic attraction, keepin' 'em askin' The crews in the Cadillacs with the Pendergrassin' Swerve half-naked, won't come near crashin' But if I go to heaven, would y'all know my name or would it be the same for you like I was Eric Clapton, huh? Clap for you freedom dog, that's what's happening My spit's critical political action The hustle is a puzzle each piece is a fraction And every word that's understood is a transaction I'm a, S.P. soldier, microphone holder Rep Philly set from Bolivia to Boulder Paris, France to Tip and Tioga How we gonna make it through the dark, I show ya [Chorus: Black Thought w/ Scratch ad-libs] I tell you one lesson I learned If you want to be something in life You ain't gonna get it unless You give a little bit of sacrifice Ooohh, sometimes before you smile you got to cry You need a heart that's filled with music If you use it you can fly [Verse Two: Black Thought] Check it out, look You kick off your shoes, jump off the jock I fly higher than them dudes, from off your block My name, Black, the styles is unorthodox It tap chins, in your mens 'til you thought could box A couple of people wanted Thought to stop, but guess what? My man grab the missile, plug for the gut Now next time beatty stop being such a glut I'm precise with it like Faheim with haircuts We up close on 'em with toast but no crust It's fructose on 'em they froze and won't bust Choke on your face you jewels is lacklust Got to put it to you straight, y'all fools is jacked up Came close to the upmost but no cigar Nose to the grindstone, head to the stars The number one runner, number one drummer Number one squad be the joy for this Come on [Chorus w/ minor variations] [Verse Three: Black Thought] Check it out, yo Your first impression might be I'm a asshole Say I'm sometimey and give people a hassle Or try to suntouch and put the heat in the capsule Yo, see I'm deeper than that though; I get in the zone Recognize I'm a rolling stone No time to lollygag or lounge with scaliwag Give me the disco, I put it where your body at I got the Smith flow, I lay it over Charlie tracks With no apology fraud or trick-knowledgy Just trust, what I see and I say and follow me my way I read an open book, look inside me The star of the story that groove teller got me Through all the dark times, part of the business The light be contingent on, small forensics My mic'll make a man a newborn infant That, true so the crew gon' sense it I get in the zone [Chorus - 2X w/minor variations] [*Black Thought and Scratch ad-libbing to end*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Illadelph Halflife Song: No Alibi Typed by: vrm17@hotmail.com Chorus: If you seen it or heard it,maybe probably I did it maybe or maybe not,I'll admit what I committed exhibit the truth because I'm living proof why I had no disguises,no verdicts,no alibis (Malik B) Look into my window,tell me what you see m-ill-i-tant school of philosophy  when niggaz get dealt wit mental velocity connect my sentences and thoughts like apostrophes we represent hypocracy,it ain't no stopping me until I fulfill the term of my prophecy my attitude is scarred by this inner-city urban iller dolo stress on my brain just like a turban who get grazed by the bullet? triggers,who's quick to pull it? the anti-bullshitter,islamic extortioner you're the forfeiter unfortunately niggaz who wanna gyp me I cause humidity so come and get me I'm simply,the cat to lay back I chill and what you the silent ninja intends to injure,now I got you sanity was lost so now I'm found insane I'm seeking streets to jeeps hours,days,to weeks I even speak to geeks I hold my fortune,it's sweet I'm discreet in the streets,but that's just the way I play though I lay low,but over your head just like a halo hell's angel,these thoughts you cannot untangle when I drop jewels,niggaz they wear 'em like a bangel check it out one time for your mind like that chorus2x (Black Thought) Look into my window tell me what you see lieutenant university of philosophy  while you not possibly escaping what I'm meditating my shackle of thought tackle you while I'm educating your dome's resonating from inhalation of darkness while I spark the smart shit from what you waiting since you waiting me at the top of the pile wild delaware file,pennsylvanian,sub-terranean style step up into my crevice and taste the medicine of the champagne king like evelyn leaving you leveled and sabatoged,it's all camaflouge like the devil and guns and coke peddling,olympic medaling flashback that of a war veteran,blast at the programmer bringing lashes 'cross your back on some accuracy of a brainwashed Bosnian troop that swooped down through your roof without sound on a lyrical Nat Turner mission,reacting off of intuition continuously alert,no intermission if your ears hurt,you shouldn't listen that means you artificial and my style'll poison your brain tissue your inanes are crippled once the gamma rays hit you my grains habitual and I should never go against the ritual I've been mastering ever since I was among the flavor youth,remain sharper than a saber tooth my deliverance is self-evidance vi-tal,lyri-cal science NOW!!! chorus2x (Black Thought) Who knows what you snorted or who support what you recorded but don't get it distorted,in this orbit you're aborted ????,shit's imported,exported styles,they get sported my paragraphs aortic behold the illest medely got you in the choke hold illadel epilouge,top league plus plush in Vogue slice tongues from your area code student of life with the rugged exterior mode blind a devil with the bold black and gold shine I walk the thin line and hold mine,let the people respond it's mind detect mind swine decline let the power refine build like it's 1999 in this day and time the reptillion rooms,the sextillion tons your armageddon gwan come from the sun untouchable cuts that's unclutchable for some to understand so y'all sit back and wonder damn I like to take this time to show you who I am original man,Black Thought,aka lieutenant Malik B'll be the m-ill-i-tant known to vanish in the atmosphere we up there like the stratos chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Organix Song: Popcorn Revisited Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (8X) Yo, I wrote this, basement, Never Never Tunnel type portion Just to accompany some audio distortion Bust the popcorn, drop it ons my cassette and Yo Crumbs, umm, how you feel? I hope it's blessed man Dig The Square Roots be the setters of examples Findin mad rhythm in the static of your samples Quick to make you move to my groove as I sooth the ear of the listener on the musical Prisoner G, now you're free you can be all you wanna be Go where you want or go and see all you wanna see Because yo, your ambitions I won't neglect And to them brothers who ain't here, nuff respect So BROther ?uest, how ya livin, what ya givin black? To me the brother with the linens and the applejacks; busy til the break of dawn The first verse is born I pass the popcorn Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Say what? Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Secondly, I speak for the ?uest from the S-Q-T (Square Roots) And I'm Black Thought, therefore you know it's funky The rhythms he recycles sometimes prehistoric The mic for the popcorn's like metaphoric (it's metaphoric baby) So many different factors in a ?uestion style Cause he's the father and he's giving more than one child The abstract soloist, drummin from the heart All the way from Philly in the West part Relax your mind and let your body be at rest Flow in slow mo', and let the BROther manifest Now the second verse has been born I'm Black Thought and I pass the popcorn On to Kid Crumb I pass the popcorn Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) Say what? Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) From the Southern section of Philly my affection affiliates me with kids, from the store to pastry The Foreign Object, direct from ? with the skit that be rugged, it was the drumsticks and the buckets back in the days, now the Rubber Band plays to accompany ?uestion upon the drums and displays mad soul Soul be the source of the blam Roots fam as we grow and expand like the afro With menacing music seriously I'm sinister I shout, move about, turn it out like minister Diggin the flip-side when I slide I gets biz with mad melanin, chocolate, like a chip that's black man from the dark room with the mad raps homegrown Knots and knaps upon the dome from thinkin I'm sinkin in the sound cause I gets and got down Lettin Black Thought's out of lockdown, buckshot Lick it to the tick of my measure's on the Richter Grits getter so grab your sister I get wreck so check my respect from the wreck that I've gotten biting this'll make your fronts turn rotten The original, rock chewer, from a duo whatever called po' folkers or Crumbs, and his mouth broke Kids wanna laugh so I blast on your ass to - wait see Chase me and see if you catch the circular knot Style buckwild the acoustic boom Square Root of Black Thought broadcast with the popcorn It's like that y'all The popcorn popcorn as I pass y'all I go.. Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) C'mon Pass the what? Pass the popcorn (4X) C'mon [ad libs to outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Beanie Siegal Album: Things Fall Apart Song: Adrenaline! Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [Scratch intro] Chorus [Black Thought and Scratch] 2x Once again 'gain Once again 'gain Once again 'gain 'gain ladies and gentlemen Once again 'gain Once again 'gain Once again 'gain 'gain Yo, Adrenaline [Black Thought] Yo I'm in the eye of the storm, where the pressure's on And MC's is dressed funny like a leprechuan I chop rappers up like chicken seczuan Sells a squads off like a slave auction Aiyyo my zodiac sign read caution On stage, I make your seed to an or-phan Yo, my age an algebraic equation Niggas want some? I hit em wit a portion Son, The Fifth foursome, armed at the door son M-illi-tilla, Dice Raw, quick draw son You don't want no more son? That's when more come And drag a nigga Eerie Avenue to Oregon, you're all done Ladies and gentlemen Select the weapon at the gate upon entering, The Roots instrumentaling Spark shit, them niggas try to talk shit We hit em like the L at 60th and Market South Philly clip a hold into a nigga park it Take sneaks, chains and rings and bracelets Split back this like we the therapist Adrenaline, Fifth mic terrorist, once again Chorus [Malik B] Zigga zigga zigga tryin to get a grip but still slip, so lift me up Ever since I was a pup I was designed to errupt You get to know me, you poke me slowly, when caught puzzin Some niggas thought they was, when of course they wasn't Punked em wit a dozen of pellets all in they skelet Transform, from the norm, start to brainstorm Yeah Malik B from The Roots, he ain't gone I took the wrong exit, the sign said Langhorne I'm trapped up in about five worlds wit live pearls Shouts to Armour Akquan who's name is Jalil The moat is deep water so let your hand expand it Demandin, takin you back like Knotts Landing I'm Ralph Cramdon, we out, you'll see in Hampton Yo what the what the what the, what the what the what the Pivot on this concrete earth until I rot Didn't figure how to conquer it yet but still I plot, once again Chorus [Dice Raw] Beans passed the mack and we held em, like hostages Rappers see me, hide they face like ostriches Dice'll grind your brain into little sausages Underwater rap, you know who the bosses is North Philly baby, that's where that Raw shit is You'll get blown out the sky once you get talkative A-D devise rise, I fathered it So when you see me on the street, don't bother kid Just be on your merry way, or you might get slit Ask around, wonderin what Dice Raw did Lay you on floors like ya gettin carpeted You need a special kind of mic for retarded kids Me against you's like Kane verse the Partridges You wanna battle, change your name to The Forfeiters Cuz that's what you do, face to face wit raw niggas I give you a bad case of the fucked-up jitters, once again Chorus [Beanie Siegal] They used to talk shit, but I'ma quiet them Kick in the door wit my boys stick to riotin First nigga that flinch, I'ma fire em Tape em up, grip his hands, and plyer em Know the bricks is in here, where you hidin em? Don't die in the shit that you lyin in Used to get fronted bricks, now I'm buyin em Used to cop off my man, now I'm supplyin him Paid the front row seat watchin Iverson First class air crafts what I'm flyin in To L.A., Shaq, Eddie, Kobe Bryant and them Save the jokes for Chris Tucker, Richard Pryor and them Used to shotgun in cars, now I'm drivin em Used to hustle 'round bars, y'all was robbin them Ran up in y'all spot wit Rob and them Grew up, two-four, wit Pie and em But do my dirt, 21st, wit Kyle and them Nigga Pop, nigga Buzz, little Mark and them Brother news, nigga schooled Marley Park and them Nigga jump, pull a pump, low sparkin em I know shit right now gettin dark to them Tore they body all up, ain't no chalkin em Too sharp for them, move out in the dark on em These Illadel foul streets what I'm stompin in once again Chorus [Scratch outro] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Jaguar Album: The Roots Come Alive Song: The Lesson Part 3 (It's Over Now) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Well it's the raw regees, thoroughbred from Philly My name Black Thought, my girl's the Black LILIES Some people try to front like "I ain't feelin it really" But that's silly, cuz how the fuck you can't feel me? When I first felt it, I knew it had to be dealt wit Alot of ice-grillin in the house got melted Some tried to put up a fight, but they was helpless You ain't try to turn that loose, you too selfish Gimme that, guess who bringin the "Get busy" back Women say the sound of my voice, the Afrodeziac Okayplayer.com, where you can hit me at E-me and when I'm in your town, come see me The Real World for real, this ain't your MTV The illest INNERVISIONS since Stevie on wax My vocal like serve-o forty-eight tracks The fact of the matter is a matter of fact That it's the Black Thought, controllin like Ike Turner You wanna get wise, you best to be a fast learner Or just relax and peep how it's done And boogie ya ass to what's about to come because Chorus[Jaguar] *singing* The Lesson, now it's now, we close shop We got it locked, it's over now [Dice Raw] Aiyyo Dice's flows, hit idiots like crossbows Knock em out the atlas, push em off the atlas I'm laugin, lookin down from off top the totem Hop off my pedastall, grab my scrotum Aiyyo y'all niggas ain't FUCKIN wit this shit  (I told em) Aiyyo y'all ain't FUCKIN wit the Roots crew (I told em) The rap is a riot yeah cuz my family bouncin Soon as the name, Dice Raw is announced in The arena, the grass is greener on the other side I hit the stores, twenty-five thousand die Now tell who the best in off the top in the world I'll give you a hint, the same guy that's fuckin your girl I just didn't have parents, The Roots found me in the trash But still, a nigga got a lot of class Trick wit my pinky-finger up off the glass Keep talkin shit homeboy, that's your ass Chorus [Malik B] It's just the simple part of the gam(e) I guess it's just the art of the scam Check for your soul cuz it departed again M-ill-i-tant is atomic, you fall from the sky just like a comet Move out till the bottom of my shoes out How many tracks do you bout? How many of these niggas you doubt? How many of these ladies makin you shout? You on a mission so listen to this Ask yourself what condition is this Sick in the ?wist?, I rap on a satellite disk You gotta like this, askin me about the way that I stroll About the way I enfold, in scrambling mode You're like that, don't bark cat, bite back What up Blood? Is things still the same in the hood? While I sit I gotta get dub, and wish I could plug They thoughts'll leave em stiff in the mud, you wannabe thug In section eight, houses were hush up under the rug The shit I spit is hummin wit slugs, get soaked in the suds Chorus 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Home Grown Volume Two/The Wood Soundtrack Song: Ya'All Know Who Typed by: biggben@ivillage.com I'm the ultimate, the rhyme imperial I'm better but some don't believe though But I'm a proven hot Y'all know the legendary Roots crew Here we go Ock, watch my material knock Y'all Tonka toys straight out the cereal box Down low covert ops feel or not Throw your mitts up we 'bout to thicken the plot My name is D-U-N-D-S-P, The Mic specialist Laid back how it come off it seems effortless I mac Nicholas, like a me St. Flow excellent, my movement the next testament Rhinoceros in the raps of far we Y'all weaklings get slapped at the party I'm the MC that MC's aspire to be Back to do it to death til ya tired of me Now who the number one best The never pop nuthin sound like the rest C'mon you know I am em Raw like dark denim, with a soft spot for smart women, green trees and white linen The black thought was a monster from the beginnin Wreak spit venom, raw core shit I pinnin It's my time and it's long overdo Now who's comin through y'all know who [Mix] x3 Ya'All know the legendary roots crew Word up, Black Th-idought, code name Anwar Sa-didat Fake MC's get stuck with pitchforks From rollerbladin' on thin ice like it's a rink Picklehead cats is join, they don't think Ya not sleepin that a long ass blink money Ya little chicken thick but her breath stink Nuthin y'all spittin is interesting Ya'all not Black Thought, nor the next best thing Plug bullshit start a kid thuggish Go ahead get ya thing off son, I just love it It manifests a style thou shall not covet And none of y'all rappers want no parts of it  Who the steppin razor, like Peter Ti-dosh My nine speak soft my thoughts is Molotov You cut like that then fuck it we all can toss And who gonna shine when all y'all take a loss It's the boar, it's similar tan as Dice Raw Its big spawn kids cohap the quick draw We heavyweight blowin' 'em out the picture For real, For real Who comin' to get y'all Mix Step into the spot the venue is empty 5 minutes later the crowd is in a frenzy Packed up to the maximum occupancy Give me the mic I got a Jones like Quincy Break down the barriers don't try to fence me Let the ladies in the front get pressed against me Peepin, brothers on stage ten deep-an' 24 out the 18 straight leapin Duck season, Thought bust the heat seakin Mission make y'all feel this and keep leakin Bang this in the hoods Like stolen goods, keep reachin New soundwave street sweepin I walk upon water like Run D 'em Cash Money maintainin' the cut It's our time and it's long overdue Who comin' through y'all know who Mix 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Phrenology Song: Thought @ Work Typed by: n-malhotra@northwestern.edu [Black Thought] Yo, where the freaks at? Lookin' at me You wanna see Black? Then jump on it And to the chumps who think they might want it I might spot your ride and dump on it And send a couple of boys to that corner of yours And role out with a nigga slumped on it You see Black fall back son Me and Shock up in a black Regal no insurance We like DEA serving warrants So tell the freaks you know to stop whorin We gon' grab the mics and get 'em off the wall so e'rybody in here can stop snorin Yo where the safe Money unlock it, pull it out your pocket Ben Banniker Bay with the Al Morrocan Black Thought on capitals like the sovereign Girls get your eyes back up out the sockets Focus, flawless. New York to Europe To lands where my feet ain't even touch the soil yet What a movement, the rap solution It thumps so hard we got 'em world wide usin them Tracks from Black for satisfaction The role of captain played by Samuel L. Jackson Yo ill insanity that's cold and morbid but when I'm in your orbit you soul absorb it A real raw nigga wont fold or forfeit A thorough bred gonna enforce it Tariq's where the beats at And where the people out their seats at For what? Cause y'all on it I'm like Aqua man and Brown Hornet I'm like Imhotep but don't flaunt it Dog, reintroducing master thespian Ho-telling-est, elin-est, emceein Fuck getting money for real, get freedom Black on the grind from AM to the PM Splash up crash up the X-5 B.M. Motive entertainment the philly mob we in Weak hearts, yo we not them Waddup nigga T3 nigga bahtem When the M-Ill get home we're gonna win First one to fall cats with no chin The mic the black hold remain smokin' And ladies up in the place is wide open For real you know what I'm talking about Pull it out your pocket (x3) You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off so throw your hands up Check it out yo You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off yall niggas know whats up [Black Thought] Yo here go the rapper of the year, year of the rap Come from South Philly where the hammers are clapped huh? Violate and you will answer to Black You a thug not really there's the answer to that Lee ya, boxed silly with the hands skill attack Cancel your check flip, dismantle your trap huh? Wanna pack can't handle your strap You a schmuck type, shoot your man in the back Meanwhile I'm outstanding and I'm outspoken Wild out take fools out without joking If I run out of shots I'm going out poking On a date with sis we going out stroking And the shot is fantastic The fantastic is the romantic And to the freaks in the house if you're ready to bounce we can go to the flat then get tantric Yeah. you pronounce the name Tariq, any questions? Street hip-hop I bring forth the essence You see pulling up five deep with nothing but dimes inside of my jeep I'm not arguing to get in VIP cocksucker prick Suck a dick I'ma floss for the fuck of it Girls say the baw Black be on some other shit Nigga talk like you work for the government My words worth like Barnes & Noble Spit hot flames that'll harm your vocal Spit thought name I'm a bomb your local neighborness, for a ten mile radius Well every ghetto craving this new anthem My brain unstable and I'm just too handsome I bang with the best around Who can test the ground when I finesse the sound Here come the controller You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, you got it going on It's time to show it off so throw your hands up Check it out yo You feel this shit soon as they throw it on You feel this joint this is your new favorite song You at the dancehall, it's time to show it off you got it going on Y'all niggas know what's up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: The Tipping Point Song: Boom! Typed by: Risetotherim@aol.com Hold your flix, I'm not for the photo op's It's Black, code name Yaphet Kotto ock My twist like a ratchet in an auto shop Since granddaddy old Desoto stopped and he got the Caddie I been gladly servin, any y'all cats wanna act determined Spit pesticides for rats and vermin Seem like none of y'all chumps is learning Y'all hopeless, and I'm a little better than dope is Far from a brand new kid to show biz Tryna hold on, maintain my focus Coming out a room with a could of smoke Smokers rolling with the punches I survive and rock Cause I keep the crowd alive And the texture of my voice Is course and kind of hoarse and cut Like I'm throwing a thousand knives Hook: Party people gather round what we have here is a brand new sound Reach for my waist you hit the ground You better duck when that awful sound goes Boom Thats what's happenin in the parking lot Thats whats happenin on stage (Repeat Hook) The man at hand that rule the school And reach and teach the blind and find a way from A to Z And be the most to boast I'm load and proud The game and reign that remain The heat is on so feel the fire come off the empire or the More higher level of depth one step beyond dope To suckers all scope and hope to cop a note Cause I could never let em on top of me I play em out like a game of Monopoly Let it speed around the board like an astro And send them to jail for tryna pass go Shaking them up Breaking them up Taking no stuff But it still ain't loud enough So quest love let the fire roast So I can flow and we can kill the whole show cause (Repeat hook) I'm live Design a finer rhyme that's right on time One step beynd and not behind the line That seperates thought from divine You can take it as a caution or a warning sign Look for antonyms Words I'm sending em Homonyms, synonyms good like M&M's You know the time when it's Riq Gees slicing I turn a Mic's last name into Tyson My brain like a factory constantly creating Materials stitch by stitch for decoration My lyrics one fabric the beat is a lining My passion of rhyming is fashion designing Now it get sorted cause people wanna sport it ya bought it If you didn't then you couldn't afford it Poetry full of surprises it's like a game show And my brain go I do my thing yo (Repeat Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: False Media Typed by: gigit_100@yahoo.com America's lost somewhere inside of Littleton Eleven million children are on Ritalin That's whay I don't rhyme for the sake of riddlin False media, we don't need it, do we? Pilgrims, Slaves, Indian, Mexican It looks real fucked up for your next of kin That's why I don't rhyme for the sake of riddlin False media [Black Thought] If I can't work to make it, I'll rob and take it Either that or me and my children are starving and naked Rather be a criminal pro than to follow the Matrix Hey it's me a monster y'all done created I've been inaugurated Keep the bright lights out of our faces You can't shake it, it ain't no way to swallow the hatred Aim, fire, holla about a dollar, nothin in sacred We gone pimp, the shit out of nature Send our troops to get my paper Tell 'em stay away from them skyscrapers Ain't long for you get y'all acres I'ma show 'em who's the global gangster Sentence me to four more years, thank you I'ma make you feel a little bit safer Because it ain't over  See that's how we get your fear to control you But ain't nobody under more control than the soldier And how could you expect a kid to keep his composure When all sorts of thoughts fought for exposure again [Chorus] 3X America's lost somewhere inside of Littleton Eleven million children are on Ritalin That's whay I don't rhyme for the sake of riddlin False media, we don't need it, do we? Pilgrims, Slaves, Indian, Mexican It looks real fucked up for your next of kin That's why I don't rhyme for the sake of riddlin False media, we don't need it, do we (repeat 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Malik B Album: Game Theory Song: Game Theory  Typed by: gigit_100@yahoo.com [Chorus A] 4X This is a game I'm your specimen You've got to let me know baby So I can go, I'd have to fake it I could not make it You could not take it [Black Thought] Yeah, where I'ma start it at, look I'ma part of that Downtown Philly where it's realer than a heart attack It wasn't really that ill until the start of crack Now it's a body caught every night on the Almanac Rock bottom where them cops gotta problem at Where them outsiders getting popped for they wallet at I had nothin but I made somethin outta that Now I'm the first out the limo like Charlie Mack From 215 it's him the livest one  And he's representin Philly to the fullest Blacks the realest You can't touch him and not for nothin If you bout hip hop then you gots to love it  If not then fuck it I'm still handlin  Smokin more reefer than Redman and them damaging MC's  And my name's Rick Gees you endangered species For what I do I'm about to up the fees I'm paperchase motivated I ain't the one to play with These cats get set ablaze  You can't have it y'all way but I'd rather parlay  Just smoke og and get cabbage all day The way thought play causes your main thing to say Your style so splendid you bout your business You arousing my interests You sharper than a Shogun You know the way it go, huh, game know what I'm talkin bout [Chorus B]  Hus, that's short for hustlers We Black Inc Raw Life productions Tryin to find our spota amongst the ruckus And be sucker free, flea chumps and busters Man yeah, Get 'em hus, get 'em hus, get 'em hus [Black Thought] Hey yo I'm tryin to get it at any cost so it's no remorse  When I'm blastin off like you been askin for it When Black step in the door all hats is off  Your hands up in the air goin back and forth I'm about ready for a classic massacre I'll make it hotter than when Shaft in Africa Jump outta a black Porshe huffin a fat cigar Night ridin on 'em like my last name Hasselhoff Voted unlikely to succeed cause my class was full  Of naysayers, cheaters and thieves All it gave me was a good enough reason to leave And put the writing on the wall for y'all to read it and weep Cause I'm the force of the Lord, the rage of hell You'd rather head for the hills and save yourselves My Man rip drums like He ringin the bells The King of the Realm you seen Him do His thing in a film Come on [Chorus B] [Malik B] Dreams when M16's with infrared beams Blowin up presidents' cribs with cans of kerosene Highjack the limousine with a strategic routine Then blast my enemy, head for the Caribbean Militant guerilla camp is ready for war Lay your corner face down, place down your jewels cash and four four When I score prepare for toture Fuck around and make your town Warsaw I'm from Illadel the land where the killas dwell My technique is to ambush you guerilla style My instinct is of a killer whale bang you up from head to toe With lyrics I pack like a nine millimal My types subliminal mentality switched to criminal Importing heroin internash from Senegal A soldier takes a stripes from a general Used the mike of iron or lead You choose your mineral [Chorus A] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Don't Feel Right Typed by: HAWpdt@hotmail.com It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I don't feel it no more Things don't feel right over here Lately I ain't been seein' clear It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more Seems to me nowadays things have changed I don't know if I feel the same [Verse 1-Black Thought] Yo, in the land of the unseen hand, and hold trouble Theorize your game, it's difficult to roll a double The struggle ain't right up in your face, it's more subtle But it's still comin' across like the bridge and tunnel vision I try to school these bucks, but they don't wanna listen That's the reason the system makin' its paper from the prison And that's the reason we livin' where they don't wanna visit Where the dope slang and keep swayin' like Sonny Liston The money missin' and there's mouths to feed Yet the brain kickin', thinkin' of a thousand things Remember back in the days, when the kitchen had eggs And pancakes, thicken and greens and Kool Aid When the fridgerator naked then the cupboard is bare People got to strip naked, stick em up in the air Wasn't lies when they told you wasn't nothin' to fear Somethin' don't feel right out here, nahmsayin'? Check it out It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I don't feel it no more Things don't feel right over here Lately I ain't been seein' clear It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more Seems to me nowadays things have changed I don't know if I feel the same [Verse 2-Black Thought] Look, my eyes open cause I'm really a rocksmith And when inviting me thoughts, I'm really unboxin' My main adversary in this silly concoction Freeze your face like bosilium toxin If you ain't tryin' to get popped, then give me a option Helicopters choppin' from Philly to Compton The Jones is the richest since the Smiths & the Johnson's If you ain't sayin' nothin', you a system's accomplice It should play with your conscience, do away with the nonsense I'm overseeing anything within my circumference This ain't a press junket, I ain't seekin' responses I stand where the people got the heat in they pocket You mesmerized by the calm nonchalant-ness I spit a dart, rub on some John Hitchcock shit If you ain't speakin' your life, your rhyme's adopted If it don't feel right, then stop it, you nahmsayin'? It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I don't feel it no more Things don't feel right over here Lately I ain't been seein' clear It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more Seems to me nowadays things have changed I don't know if I feel the same [Verse 3-Black Thought] Yo, field you work in, weapon producin' Natural disaster got the planet in a panic We all gots to make that livin' Sex, drugs, murder, politics and religion Forms of hustlin', watch who you put all your trust in Worldwide, we coincide with who sufferin' Who never had shit and ain't got nothin' But most strugglin', and make you wanna run up in the ma' fuckin' With hots on for a piece of the cake back I can't work for it, I can certainly take that I'm fired up, thinkin' about the payback, except You fuck around and be a enemy of the state, black Ill, but that'd be too real for TV It's crazy when you too real to be free If you ain't got no paper then steal this CD Listen man, I'll let you know how it feel to be me, it don't feel It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I don't feel it no more Things don't feel right over here Lately I ain't been seein' clear It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more It don't feel right, it don't feel right It don't feel, it don't feel, I can't feel it no more Seems to me nowadays things have changed I don't know if I feel the same The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Malik B, Porn Album: Game Theory Song: In the Music Typed by: gigit_100@yahoo.com [Black Thought] Yeah, I'm from the illest part of the Western Hemisphere So if you into sight seein don't visit there It's somewhere between Jersey and Delaware Philly never scared and them niggaz ain't timid there Them young triggers lose lives by the minute there It might start but the fight never finish there They all fucked up tryin to get the gingerbread A few stacks be the price for a nigga's head Cops and robbers, cowboys and indians Clips and revolvers and George's and Benjamin's A celebration of the loss of your innocence To you old self you've lost any resemblance They say the city make a dark impression The youth just lost and they want direction But they don't get the police, they get the protection And walk around with heat like Charlton Heston, man [Chorus] 2X It's in the music, turn it up let it knock Let it bang on the block 'til the neighbors call the cops The cops gone come but they ain't gone do shit They don't want no problems, what are y'all stupid It's all in the music (6X)  [Malik B] It's kinda ill how we grip these bitches in the Bonneville It's kind of a thrill, my mind it will spill, my nine it will kill Of course bro like crossbow, I bring the force though Hittin your guts splittin your torso It's colder than the North Pole livin unlawful  I'm giving you a jawful Of somethin awful Yo my theoretic is leaded, Will come and set it The shit bang and leave you diabetic for paramedics I spit flames and get dames to get change With pitbull bark and lock the shock Don't bother me Och, don't you dare lie to me Och I don't know, who's this nigga that you try to be Och Benefit of doubt had me think you in it for clout Big shit, send it for route and finish him out Joints stiff from rigor mortis  While we swimmin in waters, women with daughters Will have us niggaz sinnin with orders [Chorus] 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Take it There Typed by: nologocw@gmail.com Stand up, stretch for the stars Get somebody else involved right next to ya Y'all elected me to keep it so fresh for ya Just cause I make it possible for the rest of ya To just take it there come on and Get your head ringin' from the sting of the snare Spine tingle elevating every singular hair All the way from South Philly on a wing and prayer And still bringin' it yeah C'mon take it there C'mon take it there Let's take it there C'mon take it there I'm from the side of town Where shots get sprayed around Where the expectancy rate be twenty-eight around Downtown battleground where cops parade around Have your whole view of life beyond jaded How everybody sick of breaking down, tryin' a make it out Hand over fist the only way to get the paper down People tired of gettin' pushed around, gettin' gangsta now Discipline the only way to bring some kinda change around Chain cirgarette smokin' with bad nerves And brothas with bad lungs from smokin' mad herb Whoever in the dark is unseen and heard Let's submerge, I can feel something close we on the verge Talkin' bout, to my street sweepers, hotel housekeepers And my people spillin' this out through jail house speakers Some people rather use than might than use heaters Some people rather lose they life than lose freedom For real (poem interlude) Society's time bomb laying dormant Our peopledisenfranchised for the free world Oil for food but they still hungry No democracy They said one vote equals one voice But he told you if he can't work to make it He'll rob to take it The villains Abandoning the planet and the people Another hot summer yo, they 'bout to flood the prisons This ain't no do diddley, it's a do somethin' Flash light, red light, proceed ahead right Straight into them headlights, you get your head right Head right get a third strike, hit the turnpike Life quicker than spliff that wouldn't burn right Make you wanna holla 'bout it It ain't no doubt about it Every now and then you gotta stand up and shout about it And I'll be shoutin' it to, as if a shout'll count Yo they got accountin' to do, reamount the ballot The shit more puzzlin' than a jigsaw Raw pitbulls hustlin' through the pitfalls Some of y'all toys let the laughter rip roar Heart felt truth in every lyric I spit forth Raise up time to lift off Written on a lega pad, poetry that sizzle the clip board My og, my homey who taught me deal Said in prayer that's the only time you should ever kneel And that's real, I'm a take it there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Baby Typed by: jefff.petty@gmail.com [Black Thought] Slow down when you're hitting them corners Fuck around, spill this 'gnac on my two hundred dollar suit (stop being a backseat driver man) (turn him up) Your ma don't like to jitterbug, said this unholy music Hip hop just so ridiculous, everything sounds so confusing Nowadays ain't nothing like it was, one thing that showed the blues Is this system so mysterious, can't let that stop the movement Can't get no satisfaction, they all laughing, glad it's happening All wings hot for the main attraction Acting a fool with a lust for action Young girl caught in a crime of passion Sitting there crying in designer fashion Didn't blow, didn't have time for asking Somebody call for the ambulance, girl [Hook] Baby, baby, baby Baby let me live, please girl let me slide Baby, baby, baby Baby if you let me go, I swear I'll change, just change your mind Your old man don't like to jitterbug, said this old dirty music Hip hop just so ridiculous, them stories too confusing Nowadays he ain't loving you like he was And you ain't there just for using Could have sworn that was him with another girl And they wasn't out just for cruising Can't get no satisfaction He out late nights, probably smashing Leaving a trail like Charlie tracks Or the train on the ground, downtown Manhattan Everybody seen him run around and you bound to catch him The condoms, you found and asked him, was all this just for practice? He didn't realize what he had Now your heart got fractured girl [Hook] Baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Here I Come Typed by: nologocw@gmail.com [Chorus 2X] He said yeah You better come out with your hands up We got you surrounded I'm in the back Changin my outfit He said blink We gonna send the hounds in I said wait Cause here I come Here I come Here I come You boys get ready Cause here I come Here I come Here I come [Verse] I'm soul brother one hunted How much charisma Could another one stomach If I be the prisoner then I wasn't more cunning Or wise If I come outside I'm not running Stone lone wolf of the pack The unwanted I really got nothin to hide I'm bout cuttin Go out in a blaze Wouldn't pop one button I'm a murk half hurt leave the cop dogs huntin The pretty black one in the group The smooth villain under fire Cause I'm pennin the words that move millions Slide right in front of your eyes true brilliance It's a new bad boy on the rise Who feelin it New true skill in it Y'all the roots still in it Ready plus willin it's all the true killer shit You know we got them Involved We too diligent They say the music is strong and too militant Yo Black Inc raw life In this whatumacallit Weed smokin junkie alcoholic One foot in the grave One foot in the toilet Still I'm onstage In front of an audience Disturbing the peace And the local ordinance My eta I'll arrive by morning Money long like the arms on Alonzo Mourning Vampire chicks suck blood Dusk to dawnin Waitin to catch me sleep But I'm not yawnin They in the vip At the garden They gon jump me When I stop performing I got something for them Behind the organ I always roll deep With my squadron The sheriff out front Gonna sic the dogs in That nigger talkin bout he got warrants I'm in the darkness Heartless Fuck you regardless Move with hardness Y'all just pressin charges It's often injury Floss and force my entry This peninitentiary Knockin niggers for centuries It's elementary Like KRS and evidently Incidents They all stress I'm lawless That's my problem Evolve And never solve them Chill in Harlem Bang you Bring you stardom You full of boredom Bastard you been aborted Bring your neck out Bring the tech out Absorb it See you check out And then step out The orbit Blow your flesh out Till I'm fressh out my torment Street apostle Pop shit Preach the Gospel Still I'm hostile Sippin a duece When possible Turn into a monster Grouchy Gimme the Oscar Hit you like vodka Then screech off in a Mazda [Chorus 2X] Yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Long Time Typed by: nologocw@gmail.com Oooh It's been a long time Since I been back around the way It's been a long time Let it spin let spin let it spin Since I been back around your way It's been a long time Long time long time [Verse] [Black Thought] Struck by the luck of the draw Real life preservation What I'm hustling for My name Black Thought The definition of raw I was born in South Philly On a cement floor We had nothing at all I had to knuckle and brawl They swore I'd fall Or be another brick in the wall Another life Full of love That lost That's silly This Philly Y'all really ain't stoppin The boy with the pen Like Willie On top of the hall Pure soul is what the city Most popular for Hear the tones That will ease you Smooth As Bunny Sigler's soundtrack Keepin your head boppin and all And it's something in the water Where I come from They used to sing it on the corner Where I come from Making somethin outta nothing Because everybody fifty cents away From a quarter Where I come from Yeah The streets ain't timid But I feel at home in it Gotta see a couple people I ain't got at In a minute Yeah You can take a brother outta South Philly Can't take it outta him really I forever represent it And it's [Peedi Peedi] Live and direct I don't need no mic check Remember mommy told me "Peedi, you ain't write that!" It started in the bathroom taking a dump Listening to Ultramagnetic Ego tripping you won't Pressure my word I'm the urban vision Of you chump Stomped on a different ground Sound second to none Synthesizers tweet To improvise your feet I calculated every lyric to arrive on a beat It's free Come get high on me Before a nine millimeter shell Hit my pelle pelle In the P And yeah It's somethin in the water Where I come from They used to sing it on the corner Where I come from Making somethin outta nothing Because everybody Fifty cents away from a quarter Yo Where I come from It's just a natural reaction For crack to make it happen Let the pen ink sink Into the paper of the pad Think back When I was younger Ghetto could have took me under but Peedi can't mess with North Philly Never had You don't know about me You ain't stroll my streets Look familiar I feel ya Longtime no see [Black Thought] Uhh Clap somethin But whatever you clap Clap to the record spinnin While I'm takin you back To the top paper era Baby dig on that Picture the pool room Where the money getters was at And street people With the feathers in the cap Or their bossolino Pullin paper As if it's a small casino I was a young boy Sweepin the floors And runnin to stores But all those old heads Woudl talk to me About the way To clutch the eagle On a buck and tuck And if I'm down How to get back up Just survival kid And it's a struggle worldwide I'm positive Shit the ghetto might as well Be the Gaza Strip You know where all the monsters is Street walkers You don't see no consciousness I'm coming back to where The core of the problem is We on the job again Y'all know what time it is The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ John-John Album: Game Theory Song: Livin' in a New World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: John-John: repeat 2X] Turn up the boombox, put on your hightops Come on outside, today's gon' be the day we Start livin in the new worrrld [Black Thought] Yo, they got high-powered lenses on the cameras outside It ain't nowhere to run it ain't hardly nowhere to hide They hear you when you whisperin so try to keep quiet You don't even realize that youse a twinkle in the all, seein eye From the time you in the bar gettin high To havin conversations on your phone through the wire You can drive but it's definitely footage of your ride Livin in this day and time, it's a funny kind of vibe From the corners of the ceiling feel its eyes in back of me I couldn't tell you why I think they constantly after me Maybe it's cause the news put it to me so graphically How niggaz don't obey no laws, not even gravity boy No benefit of doubt he had to be from He from the corner where they known to get they casualty on Another day another scene to perform, spotlight him on Friday Come and lock him up Saturday morn, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Clock with No Hands Typed by: jefff.petty@gmail.com [Black Thought] Yeah, sitting in the staircase, holding back tears Looking over mad years worth of photographs Pictures of some places I ain't never going back Some people I used to love, why I ain't show them that? The skies was overcast, when I was sober last My head is spinning, couldn't tell you if it's slow or fast It's starting to get too clear, I got to go and grass To y'all it's a shame but life is what we know it as Waiting, navigating the plot, without plans In the cards, it's hard to read as a clock with no hands How your man's goin' get up and stop with no yams All it take is one break, it could pop the program Whether sinning or not, my back bending like I'm sendin' salaat I feel some brothers is beginning to plot It might have been a close friend I forgot Who started up and ain't remember to stop I bet these niggaz going remember the shop [Hook] People think that I'm crazy, just cause I wanna be alone You can't depend on friends to help you in a squeeze We all deal with shit on our own And sometimes the beef can grow, get out of hand Yeah, you know it gets full blown I never said that you mean the world to me Maybe it's best that you never know Yo, I'm like Malcom out the window with the weapon out Searching for somehow to find a minute or the second now Precious time is money that I ain't got to mess about Need it from the horse's mouth or from an eyewitness account Lessons with my back to the wall, scoping my session out Stay a little edgy at times when I ain't stressing bout Haters don't know shit about me, they the ones that talk shit Those that love me send it out, so I ain't got to force quit Cause I'm doing better now, don't mean I never lost shit I was married to a state of mind and I divorced it, man I'm from where brothers moving product from the porches People locking their doors, clutching to their crosses The block hot by the law, there ain't too many choices So what I do is for y'all, there ain't too many voices left I watch my back, and watch my step And I might forgive, but I will not forget come on [Hook] Yo, living in turbulent times The blind leading the blind Some call it evolution, some say intelligent design You say you want a revolution, you out of your mizind Your sons' destitute, and their pops all in the prison My man's back in the jam, he like the back of my hand He just attracted to scam, he right back in the can I never sleepwalking, you dig You get your shuteye I'm on the first thing in, I'm leaving on the red-eye My brother back in rehab, just had another relapse But fin himself, it's been like he's been fighting an inner Jihad Telling me ain't nobody true when they pretend to be that So closer than friends, that's where I keep my enemy at To many parties concerned, it's time to live it and learn Until we're able to grow, forever bridges we burn My thoughts free as a bird, that's just about to emerge And every action is heard, it speaks louder than words, yo [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Jack Davey (J*Davey) Album: Game Theory Song: Atonement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Jack Davey - singing] As I wait for atonement Trapped in the heat of the moment Feelin like I can't control it As I wait for atonement Trapped in the heat of the moment [Black Thought] Uh-huh, feelin the steam from the cauldron With tension runnin deep as the ocean Many are called, but so few are chosen As I go through the motions, of medication uppin my dosage Bangin Earth, Wind & Fire "Devotion" as I admire the focus Takin the city with a grain of salt Where they tastin foul, chase it down, with the latest malt - liquor Roll and hit it, knife did it, hope you got some smarts wit'chu Hope you got some heart it ain't no stoppin when it start - nigga Feel somethin bigger got a hold on me And I ain't trippin not a Bobby Brown, lippin with my nose runnin Basically I had two, options I just chose one And then got ghost, like my picture was on a most wanted Coast to coast, from L.A. to Chicago Now I'm faced, with the weight of survival, plus the taste From the way I been lied to while the preacherman spittin his gospel I can win if I try to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Game Theory Song: Can't Stop This Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Intro] {"Saved Message. Today at 5.47 PM"} "My man, JD, was a true hip hop artist ... I can't explain the influence that his mind and ear have had on my band myself and the careers of so many other artists. The most humble, modest, worthy and gifted beatmaker I've known. And definitely the best producer on the mic. Never without that signature smile and head bouncin' to the beat. JD had a passion for life and music, and will never be forgotten. He's a brother that was loved by me, and I love what he's done for us. And though I'm happy he's no longer in the pain he'd been recently feelin', I'm crushed by the pain of his absence. Name's Dilla Dog and I can only rep the real and raw. My man, Dilla, rest in peace." {*moans*} {"Ooh, but baby youuuu..."} {"Who is it ... is it?}" {"There comes a time...."} [*Samples repeated throughout the track*] [Verse 1 - Black Thought] Last of the red hot (red hot), lovin' emcees Who came up poor, grits and government cheese The only thing I ever really loved in my life, was a mic Some of my niggaz fell in love with MPs, come on Work the bass, nigga, juggle them keys I'm tryin'a get a piece of this government green And smack 'em in the melon with another LP C'mon, help a couple people in the struggle get free We from the block, where people stay prepared to rock and it's hard, 'cause opportunity be scared to knock and mo' people in the 'hood found dead from cops than guns that drop, that sprayed off random shots But whatcha know good, people say they in the hood fo' good You ain't a prisoner, the world got mo' to it Sky's the limit, it don't take but a minute Don't fear for your people, nigga, my 'hood's yo' 'hood {*echoes*} Yeah, ... we did it... [Chorus - Black Thought] I know in these tryin' times it feels confusin' that's why I came to y'all to dance to the music unless, we face it first and try not to lose it even if it gets worse, they Can't Stop This (stop this) [Verse 2 - Black Thought] Can't Stop This, I want my peoples to rock this Bang this music in your speakers and boxes Legs and users, 'bout as a deep as my thoughts is Sit back and I'mma paint you a portrait This stuff can make you think you are lost This shit can have you exhausted Just, picture the planet and imagine it's yours, kid Don't ever let nobody knock you outta your orbit I never seen a bridge we couldn't shuffle across it We got a lotta people livin' a life, that's pure trivia Real hip hop, I ain't tryin'a get rid of ya Can't have that, because here come, the city of Philly Put an end to all the trivia, really Where I'm walkin' er'ybody ain't pretty or friendly It's work, my whole life they ain't give me a penny Comin' up between a rock and a hard, watchin' for God People, hip hop, and with no option at all Yo ... it's how it's goin' down... [Chorus - Black Thought] I know in these tryin' times it feels confusin' that's why I came to y'all to dance to the music unless, we face it first and try not to lose it even if it gets worse, they Can't Stop This (stop this) [Verse 3 - Black Thought] We bring the (?) part of raps, the special sounds The robe's long enough to be considered a gown Thought's pen is sharp enough to be considered a crown When the plate come, take some, pass it around It's the last of the hip hop lovin' emcees In front of an audience that never been pleased I'm comin' from all the streets that never been cleaned and speakin' for any faith that never been seen This debeneir style of my words is high-calibre Speakin' my mind for every day that's on the calendar 'cause I'll'a been quiet, about as long as I can handle it Walked a mile in these boots that I'm standin' in Mellow soul brother with his lyrical dean on The stages I'm seen on, mic I fiend on When it's all full of soul, that's when it means more I never hesitate to give a shoulder to lean on, yo ... Check it out, man [Chorus - Black Thought] I know in these tryin' times it feels confusin' that's why I came to y'all to dance to the music unless, we face it first and try not to lose it even if it gets worse, they Can't Stop This (stop this) {*A series of people pay tribute to J Dilla to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Truck North Album: Game Theory (UK Edition) Song: Bread and Butter Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Verse 1: Truck North] Yeah, through the sirens, the lights is blinding Battle cries sound off, warriors dying Last call at the bar for snakes and tyrants Hands up, that's a massacre the cops kept firing Run amok, keep y'all eternally crying Fed up, place red stains on global giants The brain of an Orson Welles Stuck in a masterpiece, Citizen Kane's personal hell It's done, and it's hot where them hustlers dwell And the air bears the stench of a corpse's smell Homie down on his luck one foot in the jail And he down to his last with a quarter to sell This right here, world premiere of the last days The final paragraphs to the book's last page You could feel it coming, no running away Let's get free or let's get paid Same shit different day The cornerstone to where I lay It's shattered glass and crack bags where they play And scattered ass is passed in ridiculous ways These cats Chef like they Isaac Hayes Parallel to the grave Stuck in the game with no rules And we screaming for some water and some edible food Man I'm right there, rabbit ears, nothing to lose This is what you ain't learning in school I'm trying to tell you it's hard [chorus:] A loaf of bread, milk and eggs, stick of butter man Somebody's mother lies dead in the gutter Sheriff down by them heads, talking that gutter Tell the kids don't look under those covers, man [x2] [Verse 2: Back Thought] Check it out A child is born, his mother is gone He in the middle of it literally, tussling strong For his life, the tide high in the eye of the storm A mannish boy arrive and the riot is on With no spare time to try to respond Or prepare times, it's hard not becoming a headline Or praying in the night when it's bedtime Or laying your head down Cuz you already know what it is now You know a lot of leaders ain't honest And they can't keep a promise And I hate to speak about it but it's all freakanomics Cramped and proud of it, you amped and you rowdy Treading water trying to lift up your head without drowning This type of shit can make your heart stop pounding But you pushing for the top, too scared to stop Now it gets deep, bodies are floating around in the streets Lot of people who won't even be around in a week Man, get the operation gone, what y'all waiting on? We been patient, y'all mo'fuckas taking long The television getting all the information wrong Doing how they do it getting they mis-education on They already late Somebody been was posed to regulate Instead of wait before they let the levee break You try running from the truth but it's giving chase I got to ask myself,yo, is any nigga safe? [chorus x3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Mos Def, Styles P Album: Rising Down Song: Rising Down Typed by: jefff.petty@gmail.com Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... [Mos Def] Every anywhere heights plains peaks or valleys Entrances exits vestibules and alleys Winding roads that test the firm nerve Fortune or fatal behind the blind curve The engine oil purr, lights flash to a blur Speed work through the earth make your motor go scurrr Tonight at noon watch a bad moon rising Identities in crisis and conflict diamonds Blinding staring at lights 'til they cryin' Bone gristle popping from continuous grindin Grapes of wrath in a shapely glass Ingredients influential on your ways and acts Zero tolerance to raise the tax It don't matter how your gates is latched You ain't safe from the danger jack Made it way before they made the map Or a GPS this is DEF leader [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... Shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Black Thought] Between the greenhouse gases and earth spinnin off its axis Got mother nature doin back flips The natural disasters It's like 80 degrees in Alaska You in trouble if you not an Onasis It ain't hard to tell that the conditions is drastic Just turn on the telly check for the news flashin How you want it bagged, paper or plastic? Lost in translation or just lost in traffic? Yo I don't wanna floss I done lost my passion And I ant trying to climb, Yo I lost my traction They makin' me break, my contents under pressure Do not shake, I'm workin while the boss relaxin Here come Mr. tax man, he leavin a fraction, give me back some Matter fact next pay check it's like that son I'll fuck around and have to hurt a few men They probably chalk it up as a disturbing new trend, Hello [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... you don't see that somethings wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even the souls someone get God on the phone Hello hello hello hello... Northside nigga Southside Hello hello hello hello... shits poppin off Worldwide Hello hello hello hello... [Styles P] Should I say hello or should I say that hell is low Am I nigga or a niggero? I'm an African American They sell drugs in the hood but the man, he move the medicine He'll prescribe you all-med for everything A little stuffy nose tell you get some Claritin You know I'm hip to it and its hard to claim the land When my great great great grands were shipped to it look at technology they call it downloading I call it downsizing somebody follow me Does a computer chip have an astrology And when it fuck up could it give you an apology (Could it?) Should it say hello or should it say goodbye Try to understand how smart and how hood am I It don't matter though Until we learn that the world don't turn right We all oughta the scatter though [Dice Raw] I know where I'm goin even when it's dark and being led down that road Hello hello hello hello... You don't see that something's wrong earth's spinnin outta control Hello hello hello hello... Everything's for sale even souls someone get god on the phone  Hello hello hello hello... Hello hello hello hello... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Peedi Peedi Album: Rising Down Song: Get Busy Typed by: HAWpdt@hotmail.com [Verse 1-Black Thought] Look, my squad half-Mandrill, half-Mandela My band 'bout seventy strong just like Fela Yeah, part Melle-Mel, part Van Halen and we represent Illadel, where they still rebellin' Hey yo, Sicko show like Mike Moore My city ain't nothin' like yours Slippin' into darkness like war Nightcrawl with the lights off You see a lot of life lost for the white horse Regardless, the charges makin' us all targets All on the red carpet, guns from the black market Eh, who got the politicians in they back pocket? Pimp slap, pump that, give me that profit When you make contact, give me that gossip If you break contract, you'll be that hostage They gettin' busy and the city is raw Better dead bolt the door, it ain't safe no more [Hook-Black Thought w/DJ Jazzy Jeff scratches] Southside "Get Busy" Northside "Get Busy" Westside "Get Busy" Worldwide "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" [Verse 2-Dice Raw] Approach with caution, be cautious, when talkin' to bosses I feel I've been through a metamorphis I'm mutated by unknown forces, the feeling of course is Something that's hard to describe I'm half-dead, never felt more alive Reborn, remove the gold coins from my eyes I've been down, but now I'm back up I'm 'bout to act up, boy, you better back up When you see me, set up shop, know to pack up 'Cause I crack up, when a rapper get slapped up Number one reason y'all should give rap up Dice, it's mines, I got it all wrapped up I'm kinda like W.E.B. Du Bois Meets Heavy D and the Boyz, smooth as a Rolls Royce Built like a tank, smokin' on dank Walkin' through the Guggenheim, Raw Life, Black Ink [Hook-Black Thought w/DJ Jazzy Jeff scratches] Southside "Get Busy" Northside "Get Busy" Westside "Get Busy" Worldwide "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" [Verse 3-Peedi Peedi] Now on your mark, uh-huh, get set Go cop everything you ever heard by Peed Crakk Dice Raw and Black, fuck the internet Buy a baseball bat, break a bootlegger leg All I listen to is vets, you're fresh off the step I'll come directly at your OG neck I'm used to the 1,2 check, not the 1,2 step I'm strapped, I'll leave every cat among you wet Now let's go, you know I'm politically incorrect At the show, I start it with a "Can I get a 'ho'?" And the ho's go retarded The po-po tape off the stage for caution It's bad lands, North Philly get it in It's Crakk man, used to back spin Now I spend stacks and stacks and Uncle Sam tryin' to tax all my hard earned raps Damn, we makin' Yens, Pesos, Euros, we representin' [Hook-Black Thought w/DJ Jazzy Jeff scratches] Southside "Get Busy" Northside "Get Busy" Westside "Get Busy" Worldwide "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" "Get Busy" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Rising Down Song: @15 Typed by: HAWpdt@hotmail.com [Black Thought] The name of the brother to blame It's quite plain, it's not the rain But a brother who don't claim or aim to be a preacher or ordained I have Black Thoughts, therefore my names the same Don't question my ability, in a studio facility As I utilize my God-given utility On time, I get behind and push along a rhyme of mine, which I design, with what? The mind Leave MC's blind with amnesia Chop 'em into salad and my name ain't Caesar Think twice before you approach Get benched by the coach like exit post I wrote murder, so you can say it's Murder He Wrote You think I'm Hell sent, so you repent to the Pope Don't walk when the sign says not to And don't talk when Black Thought's about to When I say "Maestro" and bro starts to play it If you got a rhyme in your mind, then don't say it Save it for the weaker, pack your portable speaker and utilize the treads on your sneaker Take your sorry crew back and forget about rappin' Forget you ever saw me and forget this ever happened 'Cause you might have nightmares of MC's bein' slain And I'll be to blame when you go insane The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Rising Down Song: 75 Bars (Black's Reconstruction) Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com I'm from the land of them straight razor face beard niggas With hammers on their waist, yeah, waste rare niggas And I race scared niggas, them snake head niggas That take care of niggas who don't break bread with us Niggas make dead niggas and hate black niggas Brown niggas hide yellow niggas and them red niggas No telling when the bullet coming, be prepared niggas Cuz when it do it coming land, sea and air niggas That's everywhere niggas, Am I the muthafucking legendary? Yeah niggas, make it very clear niggas Been looking at y'all in my rearview Mirror niggas want to be a millionaire, I'm already there niggas I'm the definiere nigga, a bear taking more than my share Lookee here, yeah, I know it ain't fair nigga Neither is a bar even with a hair trigger Haystack, try and find a needle up in there nigga Leave you up in there nigga, show me the puppet That don't need a puppeteer nigga, shed another tear nigga I'm in the field with a shield and a spear nigga I'm in your girl with her heels in the air nigga I am such a fair nigga, you in a battle telling  Me you not ready like you figured I'ma bear with you I don't care nigga, you now listening to the sounds Of the money making jam trillionaires nigga  Gentlemen of an extraordinary league You never see me blowing on no ordinary weed What I'm smoking ain't a product of no ordinary seed Your boy is heavy treed, I'm feeling merry As a Tyler Perry scene, that monetary gang green We tried to launder the cash and never came clean So now I'm in the story with all the cats before me And smoke purgatory for doing the same thing And them niggas ain't change, them niggas can't change Their moms shake their heads saying it's such a dang shame ?? to the buck, did another dang plan My stage and my government ain't the same name I'm a rock star, love it that my wallet chain hang I'm a modern day saint; I'm a modern day king My definition I can finally explain Cold smooth like that dud Sean Connery was playing I just got to be the man, I'm the father figure and When I spit it's something like a psychology exam If you stand where I stood, you could probably understand How that mic feeling like a million dollars in my hand It's the silence of the lamb, go and cop another gram And twist with your zanny, work your set, work it down What's your net working plan? You better look alive Cuz them niggas outside looking desperate again nigga And the blunts and liquor killing our lungs and liver The asthmatic drug addict I function with it I put a rapper in a hole where the dust will sit for spitting played out patterns that once was hitting I got news for you all, let me show you how to ball See the legendary fall? I ain't heard of that Y'all niggas is off the wall like Aresnio Hall I'ma put you right back where the dirt is at 450 fahrenheit on the thermostat Somebody starving like a white girl ?? that But she not a earner yet, she couldn't put in no work,  not earning that, the black microphone murder vet I'm in a class of my own,  If I got beef with you, you the last one to know I arrive on time, I'm never fashionable You late, I'm already international-able I done toured to Berlin, banged in Beijing You never seen nothing can't say the same thing Tell somebody Black Thought, yeah you know the name ring So give him the game ring for bringing what them niggas can't bring My hustle is long, my muscle is strong My man put the paper in the duffle I'm gone Y'all still a light year from the level I'm on Just a pawn stepping right into the head of the storm You been warned, I will blow y'all niggas and disintegrate I'm a rebel, renegade must stay paid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Rising Down Song: Becoming Unwritten Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*31 seconds of instrumental*} [Black Thought] The son won't face the father The gun won't erase the drama Why you wait 'til your time's up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Saigon, Truck North Album: Rising Down Song: Criminal Typed by: robinberghuys@gmail.com Monday they predict the storm Tuesday they predict the rain Wednesday they cover the crash And I can see it's all about cash And they got the nerve to hunt down my ass And treat me like a criminal [Black Thought] Look, it is what it is Because of what it was I did what I did Cause it does what it does I don't put nothin' above What I am, what I love My family, my blood My city and my hood Hater for the greater good I'm back from Hollywood And I ain't changed a lick Though, I know I probably should But, what I'm doin' is not a good look I never did it by the good book, as a lifetime crook All the petty crime took a toll on me I look around at my homies that's gettin' old on me But still somethin' gotta hold on me Maybe it's faith If it's comin', yo I'm willing to wait I'm not runnin', I done ran through the mud I done scrambled and such I done robbed an odd job and gambled enough Till I'm put up in handcuffs And pissin' in a cup If there's a God I don't know if he listenin' or what [Truck North] Yeah, it is what it is And that's how it go Get treated like a criminal If crime is all you know Get greeted like a nigga If a nigga's all you show A public enemy, to send a eye in the scope My city like a island where you can't find a boat Have you wishin' for a raft And prayin that hope flows some real ethnic cleansing goin down, no soap Who lookin' for a chair and some real strong rope Just to end it all here Screamin' "fuck the mayor" He see the faces at the bottom of the well, clear They act like I'm somethin' to fear Trapped in urban warfare And pullin' triggers at a college career Can't ignore the call of the wild That's drawin' 'em near Try to make fast money last long some years Try to laugh it off Still couldn't lose the tears To the rules, I will not adhere Break the law, yeah... (echoes) [Saigon] Who wanna challenge mine? I'm sick of St. Valentine I did the violent crimes That's why I got this style of rhyme Seek repentance to spittin' them sentences To senseless experience is the difference You can't convince this In a crime sense, niggas is infants I'm like a senior citizen Still livin' but gettin' benefits Put emphasis on hittin' my nemesis in high percentages Crooked ass cops is the reason for my belligerence And it gets deeper than that Remember nights I used to sleep wit a gat With a package of crack under my sneaker strap D's sneak attack and raid me It took a week for that Beat the rap, but you're sayin' "look, he think he the mack" Fuck y'all! Niggas who thinkin' they might try us Watch us incite riots Blue cars and light fires We already been knocked, scrutinized Plus, cops rush to brutalize us America's polluted by lust Who could I trust? If I can't trust you, then I might touch you If I ain't got love for you Then fuck you! [Chorus] x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, P.O.R.N., Talib Kweli Album: Rising Down Song: I Will Not Apologize Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com  [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] (I will not apologize) I will not apologize (I will not apologize) I will not apologize This is for all of my peoples who understand and truly recognize Some won't get it for that I won't  (I will not apologize) I will not apologize (I will not apologize) I will not apologize This is for all of my peoples who understand and truly recognize Some won't get it for that I won't apologize [P.O.R.N.] I'm so sick cause I'm infected but but I don't need a medic  Need a liquid anesthetic, let me show you how I get it  I don't got it but I bet it, I don't worry, I don't sweat it  You can bitch, you can dead it, you can take it there like FedEx Nothing sweet diabetic, big dog can't pet it Pack an L then I wet it then I fill it till it's pregnant  (Take the high back) face it everybody got a favorite  I embrace it like I date it but my grandma think I chase it  (Like oh yeah) I told her that her baby moving slower  Cuz the world is on his shoulders then I woke up out that coma  (And got right back) at it with a little black 'matic Lay you down craft-matic, then I'm gone, black magic  (To the hideout) you don't want to gamble with the devil Especially when them chewy blueys got me on another level  Cuz my teacher think I'm slow but my momma think I'm special  But even she know I'm coming back like an echo. [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] [Dice Raw] For the statements I'm about to make I will not apologize  Niggas talk a lot of shit, really need to stop the lies  Jewels rented, cars rented, homie that ain't authentic Acting tough on TV but to me you seem a little timid Don't blame the nigga, blame America, it's all business Acting like a monkey is the only way to sell tickets  Shit I can dig it, niggas gossip silly digits White kids buy it, it's a riot when we talking about pimping Or sipping on old English brew or whatever they think we do  Spraying double Uzis cuz you know they think we live in zoos The problem is with this everyone seems to be real confused The niggas on the streets to the old people that watch the news And watch BET and the crazy shit they see They associate with you do the same shit to me When you look at me you see just a nigga from the projects  But can't understand this nigga's mind set but still [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] [Black Thought] Yo, a revolution's what it's smelling like, it ain't going be televised Governments is hellified, taking cake and selling pies I ain't got a crust or crumb, to get some I'd be well obliged  Murder is comodified, felon for the second time Never was I into chasing trouble I was followed by Facing trouble with no alibi, had to swallow pride  Vilified, victimized, penalized, criticized Ran into some people that's surprised I was still alive Look into my daughter's eyes, wonder how can I provide Got to get from A to B but how can I afford to drive?  Messed around, tried to get a job and wasn't qualified Had to see a pal of mine, got to get the lightning rod Now I'm in the black Impala looking for the dollar sign  Palms get the itching man I got to get the calamine Before I fall behind, guess the grind will be my 9 to 5 I will not be conquered by, I will not apologize [Chorus: (Dice Raw) Talib Kweli] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Malik B, Mercedes Martinez, Porn Album: Rising Down Song: I Can't Help It Typed by: HAWpdt@hotmail.com [Hook-Mercedes Martinez] I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It [Verse 1-Malik B] Live with it, that's how I survive with it Talk jive with it, you take a dive with it Connive with it, depart and arrive with it Harsh thrive, that's why it's part I with it I did it, make rhymes in five minutes Mind of a dentist, crimes of a menace Press rewind, see what you find in my image Take you niggas back to the line of the scrimmage Riq, you know we pull a freak with the flow Talk's cheap, that's why we speak with the dough Ill technique show I'm sleek with the flow It's cold outside, nigga, sleep with the snow I tweek in the low tone, freak with the ozone I can't help hiding my secrets that's so known I only do what I got to cause it's possible And climbin' over whatever's known as an obstacle [Hook-Mercedes Martinez] I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It [Verse 2-Black Thought] Ugh, I Can't Help It, maybe I'm selfish Maybe the way I'm runnin' is becomin' a health risk All I can see is smoke through tortoise shell Gazelle 650's, I'm feelin' like I'm makin' a sales pitch My head already so heavy, it's makin' the scales tip I got my own pressure and got everyone else's I'm rehabilitated, still feelin' rebellious Candidate of heart failure, more pills then Elvis In a layer cake, half-chocolate, half-velvet I'm listenin' to some Howe Melvin I got too many options, there's so many toxins Yo, ain't no really tellin' what we killin' ourselves with I lit a cigarette and inhaled it I'm thinkin' of some rhymes more iller then a threatening ailment I'm on some bomb threat in the mail shit Because of all the things I dealt with, nigga, I Can't Help It [Hook-Mercedes Martinez] I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It [Verse 3-Porn] I never said I'm ready to die, but I accept it Never said I'm ready for war, but I'm protected I don't even know when it's comin', but I expect it Lost all semblance of hope, so now I'm left with Nervous conditions, addictions, in addition to vixens that mixed in with the wrong crowd My life is on a flight that's goin' down My mother had an abortion for the wrong child With the time I felt love, that's gone now Been replaced by purple rains and some storm clouds Misery love misery So why make friends? Let's make some enemies And now I got a habit that wasn't meant for me Now I'm in a marriage that wasn't meant to be One more reason to change identity The cars, the crime, K's, penalties [Hook-Mercedes Martinez] I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I, I, I Can't Help It, I, I, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It I Can't Help It, I Can't Help It The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Rising Down Song: Singing Man Typed by: gamecubeking@comcast.net [Chorus - Dice Raw] Days are living fast, moves in misery You got a song you wanna sing for me Sing a song, singing man Sing a song, singing man Sing another song, singing man Sing another song, singing man Sing a song for me Sing a song for me [P.O.R.N.] Look, I'm so twisted, so, so twisted One life to live, and I'm willing to risk it Terror that the world has never known existed Left so many clues, now how could they miss it? Sadistic, ballistic, find a word and pick it Long as it means the world is on my shit list Walking time bomb, my mind is on tick-tick Countdown's on, its too late to nix it I'm so anxious, so, so anxious The ones I hate barely know what my name is Have no clue that I'm armed and dangerous Willing to spill my blood to be famous Willing to spill my blood to make changes Look for a suicide note to explain this Heinous, inking the ache from my anguish Sounds insane, you're speaking my language... [Black Thought] One for the pressing, two for the cross Three for the blessing, four for the loss Kid holding a weapon, walk like a corpse In the face of transgression, military issue Kalash- -Nikova or machete or a pitchfork He killing cause he feel he got nothing to live for In a war taking heads from men like Charles Taylor And never seen the undisclosed foreign arms dealer 13-year-old killer, he look 35 He changed his name to Little No-Man-Survive When he smoke that leaf, shorty believe he can fly He loot and terrorize and shoot between the eyes Who to blame, its a shame, the youth was demonized Wishing he could see rearrange the truth, to see the lies And he wouldn't have to raise his barrel to target you His heart can't give you the years of scar tissue... [Truck North] Uh, what you're witnessing is true dedication Charged by the call and the cause of the nation Countdown, minutes away from detonation A lifetime of grunt work, this is the culmination My manner, seems patient, inner rage lies So deep, I can taste it, let's sacrifice lives Past the first sensation, to paradise I fly Delusions are lighting up the midday sky The last days of mine spent in extreme secrecy Wolves dressed like sheep occur more frequently Too much faith to be scared, the petrified both fled Those who live fearing death, might as well be dead Towers of the occupiers, will soon fall Martyr or mass murderer? That's your call Mass transit or a mall? Who can watch them all? In the name of the merciful, sing me a song... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Mercedes Martinez Album: Rising Down Song: Unwritten Typed by: d.m.bamford@gmail.com [Mercedes Martinez] When I think about the good times I think about yesterday You can asked me about the future I don't know what to say Tomorrow's story's unknown So listen It's almost anyone's guess Unwritten When I think about the good times I think about yesterday You can ask me about the future I don't know what to say It's almost anyone's guess [Black Thought] Yo It was a cold night Not cold like the winter Just cold like a energy was in the air I generally don't like The driver had to dip, so he left me in the whip Turned around and said, ("You know you're on your own, right?") {*PAUSE*} I'm the zone like There's pictures on the wall of my own life Just like a drive-in Only it's live, and this a montage of the places I been My sixth sense taste the problem The sus-pense had my heart racin', throbbin' Just like a young punk with a tape revolver Pointed at the driver of a car, faced to rob him The cigarettes chased the vodka The nigga just chased the dream but won't taste the monster The son won't face the father The gun won't erase the drama Why you wait 'til my time's up {*GUN COCKS*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Mercedes Martinez Album: Rising Down Song: Lost Desire Typed by: d.m.bamford@gmail.com [Hook: ?uestlove] x2 It's the love, in your heart Or the pain, in your mind No one cares, what the truth is Cause 'em fortunes, they don't lie [Malik B.] Ok, uh-huh, ok, yo I'm exhausted, but I never ever forfeit Y'all just bullshit while I knock a nigga off quick Y'all start speaking in tongues and start reaching for guns A militant will put this heat in your lungs The street and the slums, the weekend is done The local class always show you what heat is become The seasons are done, and reasons are none People dyin' bullets flyin' cause they squeezin' for fun It's all of a nightmare, that's right there They hopin' that somebody in the hood just might care With all this protestin' and rallyin', death toll tallyin' Foul smells around them, pails in the alley an' Corner filled with teddy bears, cause they killed a child again, They sing about murder, so it ain't a song it's hollerin' Get off the choir with your soft attire, Niggas out here don't give a fuck, cause they Lost Desire [Hook] x2 [Talib Kweli] Yeah My city's full of, heartbreakers and stargazers Who puff garsh Vegas So they "Gone with the wind", like Clark Gable, Breathin' like Darth Vader, believin' in dark angel Yeah, we got flags, but they not star-spangled We not patriotic, the heroes are not them, Ghetto grills like rims, you stop, they still spin Tall tales at the bar, witnessed after dark And we still stop in and chicken and (?) Timbs And listen to Rakim With the way that y'all been For realla, I hadn't been schemin' to ply in You fear us? Fear is self, personified Payin' homage to homicide Prayin' to the dollar sign It's idol/idle worship, the rebel forces Bodies lie at the foundation of the fortress This is war, we expect some losses And we comin' for the heads of the bosses [Hook] x2 [Black Thought] Yo We on some casualties of war shit What you stand for, kid? We in the city where they definitely lost it You open your eye-lids and get capped in the ribs Your funeral they have your 12th grade portrait Pretty corpse in casket, bell-shaped orchids Said he 19 and left a self-made fortune And left three orphans Now he in a box with the same chain and watch That never came off him It's a shame what it cost him Where he come from it ain't nothin' It's a everyday thing, that's a problem It's chambers revolvin' Bustin' like Russian roulette With a full set, they change what the odds is, Flames in the mosque, and people held hostage Everyday I struggle, try to get up out the mosh-pit Homicide for profit, tell me how we not sick? This shit is out of control, they can't stop it [Hook] x1 It's the love... (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Common, Dice Raw Album: Rising Down Song: The Show Typed by: d.m.bamford@gmail.com [Hook: Dice Raw] - repeat 2x The Show, The Show - it must go on The Show, The Show - it must go on I can't stop, I won't stop I will not, I will rock The Show [Verse 1 - Black Thought] UH! And I'm still the one Am I a poet, or a prophet or a stone to build upon? And what's the reason that I still perform? Feed my children on, how I'm on a hustle from dusk 'till dawn Where all the love and the trust is born My eyes wider than a baby that just was born Fightin' a war they ain't pay me enough to join Behind a phrase they was crazy enough to coin You kiddin' me? The pursuit of happiness, life, liberty and all type of necessities they not givin' me I put my body in jeopardy,  'cause I'm committed even though they try to stifle your man creativity They got plans and hopes of gettin' rid of me I hit 'em like Ethiopia hit up Italy Swift than the bullet than killed King and Kennedy You know the battle is off in infinity now [Hook] - repeat 2x [Verse 2 - Common] I remember The Show, like (?), people quiet was ugly Yellin', "Get money", now we're showin' we're dummy Still doin' shows where the spots be bummy Roaches in the dressin' room, I'm thinkin' of a better room Maybe The Upper, where my people won't suffer The leather gets tougher We drive like a trucker: through the night For every wrong, makin' two rights And use mics to reach new heights, the blue lights Follow, I guess it's the sin of Chicago The make 'em wanna mess with my tomorrow In these borrowed days It's the rhyme and the mind that pays The world is a Show, you define your stage One-two, it's live so you can't undo No sleep 'cause then your dreams won't come true and every one's like a broad that we run through Each (?), this ain't gonn' stop so we just gonn' continue [Hook] - repeat 2x [Verse 3 - Black Thought] The Ernest Hemingway of B-boy poems They can never take the pen away and leave Roy Jones pushing a black, you(?) in a new time zone Nigga knowin' every nuance wit' two eyes closed The life I chose, more of a mission I make a crowd convulse and act on impulse and intuition I've seen the future, listen, believe, the superstition I keep spittin', 'til it's a truce or crucifixion Home, in the pressure zone, weakness is never shown Let alone, I'm a man made of mere flesh and bone I can't help that my heart beat as a metronome and I've acquired a taste that's upper echelon Lyricial professional, maniac megalo Plate in my head that spin the way the record go and break it down like it's the walls of Jericho If they don't know by know, they prob'ly never know [Hook] - repeat 2x [Dice Raw] The Show The Show The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Wale, Chrisette Michele Album: Rising Down Song: Rising Up Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com  [Intro (?uestlove & Chrisette Michele)] Yesterday I saw a B-girl crying; yesterday I saw a B-girl crying  I walked up and asked what's wrong,  She told me that the radio's been playing the same song all day long So I told her I got something you've been waiting for I got something you've been waiting for  [Chorus (Chrisette Michele & Black Thought)] Yesterday I saw a B-girl crying; I walked up and asked what's wrong  She told me that the radio's been playing the same song all day long So get your glass lift it up in the toast position  We getting paper like John Travolta get it  Cause we focused wit it we supposed to get it  You know me and my whole squad we so committed  We not the kids cooling out on the sofa with it  We about to dominate the globe like Oprah did it  We getting paper like John Travolta nigga  [Black Thought] Well I'm a downtown shooter who that?  The crown ruler is back  He kind of grew into the shape of a mack  Look how I do it, yo I'm taking you back  This how you rise down to the foundation, how sacred is that?  I'm from the number one place on the map  The generational gap with yet another sensational track  And we don't stress for nothing I just press the button  It's as simple as just making it hap  To all the frauds stop faking, relax  And to the broads if you caking  Then clap then shake it without breaking your back  I know the world been waiting for that  You been aching for that cuz what they playing on the station is wack And I'm a legend in the flesh that dress to impress The best is that which I accept and nothing less My stacks is grotesque my squad, so fresh  You know its Black Thought and your boy the bro ?uest, but  [Chorus (Chrisette Michele & Black Thought)] [Wale] Hip-Hop ain't dead cuz the pulse is in us  I got the Everclear flow, they mimosa with it  We are the hope of the culture, they supposed to listen  And I'm supposed to pivot like I'm a forward in the league, I'm Oden with it  Yet don't owe them niggas nothing but potent lyrics  But if you ain't got the dance they revoke your spinning  So good rappers ain't eating they Olsen twining  But I'm so committed, they have grown familiar  With the counterfeit hitters they so-so with it, but they are Sosa with it.  They Mark McGuire with the written, I'm Rodriguez  On the road to riches this is the fork I'm hitting  This is the trial and error era no co-defendant  I push The Seed every time like I'm Cody with it  I said the one-hit wonders pneumonia to us  I don't know you niggas, hit the road my nigga  [Chorus (Chrisette Michele & Black Thought)] [Black Thought] Where my grimy figures at? look lively addressing the captain  Show me where your first impression is at  And where your dedication to the true profession is at  How you laugh answer me, "What kind of question is that?" I'll show you where my rare essence is at, the adolescence of rap  The real muscle in the message of that  My name trouble I'm a blessing to rap  And you can check my stats cuz worldwide they attesting to that  So nigga listen you can probably learn a lesson perhaps  How I'm like Bobby DeNiro, Joe Pesc and them cats  Am I the unsung hero? oh yes if you asking anybody that's aware of the classics  They'll tell you I'm a legend in the flesh that dress to impress  The best is that which I accept and nothing less My stacks is grotesque my squad, so fresh  You know its Black Thought and your boy the bro ?uest, but [Chorus (Chrisette Michele)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Wadud Ahmad, Dice Raw Album: Rising Down Song: Grand Return * Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com * only on international versions [Chorus: Wadud Ahmad + Dice Raw] + (Dice Raw) The streets talk, and they hear And they watch, ao stay clear Cause they need, the streets feed A street thief, and what they need (Everybody get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up Everybody get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up Everybody get up!) [Black Thought] Uh, I get up Read the mornin' paper, kiss my baby girl Tell my lady friend I'm gone 'till I save the world Jump in my Hot Rod wheel, lookin' super thoroug Rockin' a long black cape like the Duke of Earl My cool don't drop, I spit where the future twirl I smash glass in my hands to produce a pearl I do the James on stage, then I do the ? You can tell I'm bonafide live, cause I'm too fo' real So the truth prevail, I never fail Ask me to key the blaze in the trail I never tell, like the digits on the check in the mail I give 'em hell with the clever rhymes in the squad situated ? White on white shelltoes throwin' elbows You wanna holla, you can do the rebel yell bro I'm not concerned, when will y'all learn Roots crew mothafuckas, it's the grand return [Chorus: Wadud Ahmad + Dice Raw] + (Dice Raw) The streets talk, and they hear And they watch, ao stay clear Cause they need, the streets feed A street thief, and what they need (Everybody get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up Everybody get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up Everybody get up!) {*guitar solo until end of the song*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Amber Coffman, Angel Deradoorian, Haley Dekle Album: How I Got Over Song: A Peace of Light Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 5X w/ ad libs] Doo, doo-doo, doo dooooooo (de da da, dah) Doooooooo (dah, doo da da, dah) Doooooooo (dah, doo da da, doo) Doo, doo-doo [repeat 4X w/ ad libs] Doo, doo-doo, doo dooooooo (de da da, dah) Doooooooo (dah, doo da da, dah) Doooooooo (dah, doo da da, doo) Doo, doo-doo, doo dooooooo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, P.O.R.N., Truck North Album: How I Got Over Song: Walk Alone Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Truck North] Trapped, no shield, no sword The unbeaten path got my soul so sore Allured by the lust, something money can't cure The Devil want me as is, but God he want more Eyes closed, eyes open, great another day, here we go like a nigga woke up late in The Truman Show Living life without a care, mean pokerface But I'm forced to play solitaire till I get up out of here Move like a wanted man with a bounty on his head Work alone, sleep alone, eat alone, daily bread Counting till my fingers red, how you gon' judge a man walking in the shoes of a man with a broken leg? Flame on the trail headed for the powder keg Last place in the race I ain't never led Like I ain't never bled, time to get up out of bed Serving in the army of one, it's on again [Chorus 2X: Dice Raw] Walk alone, I walk alone, you know I walk it alone I always been on my own, ever since the day I born So I don't mind walking alone [P.O.R.N.] I'm in a chess match, I'm in a death trap I'm tryna find out where the eggs in the nest at I'm one blood when the sky turns jet black No love in the world can correct that I'm in a slow lane, I'm on my Cobain I'm in the new spot tryna run a old game I got a new chick, put out my old flame No peace, no sleep, no love for a young beast You can put me in a cage You can put me in the jungle where the lion get blazed There ain't no hell like the hell I raise I'd die in the bed I made 'fore I lay with a love I loathe I'm a snake in the garden of bones I'm a loner in a world of clones I'm the piece that don't belong, see I roam where the the Reaper roam till they put my name on a stone [Chorus 2X] [Black Thought] The longest walk I'll probably ever be on The Road to Perdition, guess I'm finna get my plea on I pray these wings strong enough to carry me on I promise every second felt as if it took an eon Walking like the lost boys of Sierra Leone The trail of tears what they got me like a Cherokee on Between the ears something I require therapy on for the working the bone like my name Robert Dion I go above and beyond, the duty called, truly y'all Even though they kind of blew me off like a booty call Asked me if I'm just another muli or a movie star Forced to face the +music+ like a graduate of Juilliard Walk alone, talk alone, get my Charlie Parker on Make my make alone, shed light upon the dark alone Get my sparkle on, it's a mission I'm embarking on A kamikaze in the danger zone far from home [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Monsters of Folk Album: How I Got Over Song: Dear God 2.0 Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Monsters of Folk] Dear God, I'm trying hard to reach you Dear God, I see your face in all I do Sometimes it's so hard to believe it But God, I know you have your reasons [Black Thought] Uh huh, they said he's busy, hold the line please Call me crazy, I thought maybe he could mind read Who does the blind lead? Show me a sign please If everything is made in China, are we Chinese? And why do haters separate us like we siamese? Technology turning the planet into zombies Everybody all in everybody's dirty laundry Acid rain, earthquakes, hurricane, tsunamis Terrorists, crime sprees, assaults and robberies Cops yelling "stop freeze", shoot him 'fore he try to leave Air quality so foul, I gotta try to breathe Endangered species, and we running out of trees If I could hold the world in the palm of these hands, I would probably do away with these anomalies Everybody checking for the new award nominees Wars and atrocities, look at all the poverty Ignoring the prophecies, more beef than broccoli Corporate monopoly, weak world economy Stock market toppling, mad marijuana OxyContin and Klonopin, everybody out of it [Monsters of Folk] Well I've been thinking about and I've been breaking it down without an answer I know I'm thinking out loud But if you're lost and around Why do we suffer? Why do we suffer? [Black Thought] Uh huh, yeah, it's still me, one of your biggest fans I get off work, right back to work again I probably need to go ahead and have my head exam Look how they got me on the Def Jam payment plan Well, I'm in the world of entertainment and trying to keep a singing man sane for the paying fans If I don't make it through the night, slight change of plans Harp strings, angel wings and praying hands Lord, forgive me for my shortcomings For going on tour and ignoring the court summons All I'm tryna do is live life to the fullest They sent my daddy to you in a barrage of bullets Why is the world ugly when you made it in your image? And why is living life such a fight to the finish? For this high percentage, when the sky's the limit A second is a minute, every hour's infinite [Monsters of Folk] Dear God, I'm trying hard to reach you Dear God, I see your face in all I do Sometimes, it's so hard to believe it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Blu, Dice Raw, P.O.R.N. Album: How I Got Over Song: Radio Daze Typed by: dopeskill@gmail.com [Dice Raw] And the radio daze kept us in the dark And the satellite age brings us to the light Some feeling the pitch, some feeling the bite They ain't ready to talk, they're ready to fight Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) [Blu] Yo, so what you searching for? From birth Born hurting and yearning for certain somethings Lurking and murk them, got them turning this Bed into a coffin, burning over passions in this passion Or more or less over what the past done passed us Cause see, the past tense, it never really passes Phases that trap us and cage us like classes Fogging my glasses, lost in a mass mess Task-less dilemma to match somebody's status And I'm average as fuck, no car cats gassing me up Passing bucks like a casual blunt Granted, hustling habits on the stumble, the mansion While bums pass, asking for a buck for some bagged bricks Bad shit going down on the daily While bad chicks pass in a Mercedez, damn They see he's the bastard for chasing them Maybe, it's the patterns that make me that made me crazy [Dice Raw] And the radio daze kept us in the dark And the satellite age brings us to the light Some feeling the pitch, some feeling the bite They ain't ready to talk, they're ready to fight Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) [P.O.R.N.] Life is fiction, competition and contradiction Petty perceptions, window dressing for misdirection Love is a lotto, I know I know you know what I know Hope is so hollow, that's why winos follow the bottle And people pressure, make death a hidden treasure A girly pleasure, lonely language inside a letter It's now or never, move it, move it, love it or lose it 'Fore it's recruited, then included inside the stupid It's things of nature, paid a player and say your prayers Naysayers, the haters, the major players, the beggars You 'bout it, 'bout it, don't allow it to pow without it Then those who doubt it, do or die to death are cowards The world is yours, and the world we can't afford So ignore the law; start a fire, then start a war If you're sick and tired of your access denied Free will died long before Glydes and iPod [Dice Raw] And the radio daze kept us in the dark And the satellite age brings us to the light Some feeling the pitch, some feeling the bite They ain't ready to talk, they're ready to fight Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) Never leave you alone (Never, never leave you alone Never, never leave you alone) [Black Thought] Yo, it's too much strain, for nominal gain I'm going through things; headaches, abdominal pain Try'na numb it with that Ketel like I'm from the Ukraine Check the blue flame, lighter running out of butane What's up with my destructive urge that's unproductive Choices I'm stuck with, now starting to fuck with Contaminating family and close friends Telling me to stop burning the candle at both ends Ain't like I'm on a coke binge, hanging in dope dens Or life is just a pool of Patron I'm soaked in The darker the covenant-slash-trainwreck for you to rubberneck You ain't felt the true pain yet so you be loving that Hit me up at black.gov like the government Banana Republican, alien intelligence Kill switch, real pissed, thinking of some ill shit The stone the builder refused, he need to build with Got immunized for both flus, I'm still sick Via satellite, radio, the realness [Dice Raw] And the radio daze kept us in the dark And the satellite age brings us to the light Some feeling the pitch, some feeling the bite They ain't ready to talk, they're ready to fight And the radio daze And the radio daze And the radio daze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Phonte Album: How I Got Over Song: Now or Never Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Everything's changin around me and I wanna change too It's one thing I know, it ain't cool bein no fool I feel different today, I don't know what else to say But I'm a get my shit together, it's now or never (Now or never, now or never, now or never ...) [Verse 1 - Black Thought] Uh, I'm sick, sick of waitin in vain, tired of playin the game Thinkin of makin a change, finally breakin the chains Every phase, every happenin, craze When it's said and done, my head is right back in the haze I'm ready for the next chapter and page to start actin my age And part ways with Black Thought from back in the days I'm stargazin from the back of the stage Questionin if who y'all praise, is worthy of praise What's the phrase "bygones is bygones?" Niggaz who used to be the underdog is icons People say the light shines once in a lifetime Is this meant like kind or crisis a little bit like mine? I'm thinkin not now but right now I need some kind of sign that the future is bright now I fuck around, "Do The Right Thing" like Spike now The quick and the dead, which one is my lookalike now, I'm movin ahead [Verse 2 - Phonte] Yo, opportunities lost because I blew 'em On the sunniest days of my life, I cried through 'em Moms is out the picture and Pops I barely knew him And I would pray to God but I'm tired of lyin to Him Tired of tryin to run from the things inside of us Got a lot of fam and a lot of admirers Who tell me that I should aspire to change but when I think of changin, it's like why even try this shit? My mind hazy and my thoughts they get distorted I know my good and bad deeds both get recorded You do right so your soul can last But my role was cast before I even auditioned for it So I don't really see an end to my vice It's just false reformation, no end to my strife Feel the evil overpowerin You can go 'head, throw the towel in, 'cause nigga that's the end of the fight When you can only see the tunnel at the end of the lights Like South party over, it's the end of your life and I'm out [Verse 3 - Dice Raw] When I look into the mirror and see my own image It feel like there's something else far off in the distance Something I wanna see but something that's resistant And everyday the heart it in is growin more persistent I never noticed it before but now I can't miss it And the constant pounding's drivin me ballistic I ran from it few years but it's still next to me And it's growin stronger, takin, leavin less of me I can't fight it now, I know it's just destiny And I just wonder what's gonna happen when it catches me Will it leave me face down, in a chest of pee Or will it just start bringin out the best of me? But is the best of me really just the worst of me And if so, yesterday could be my anniversary In sinners' court, it's important to have church with me I'm tryin to get rid of these ghosts that's cursin me I feel a change is an absolute certainty 'Cause what's goin on is a state of emergency (state of emergency) Everything's changin around me and I wanna change too It's one thing I know, it ain't cool bein no fool I feel different today, I don't know what else to say But I'm a get my shit together, it's now or never It's now or never The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: How I Got Over Song: How I Got Over Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Uh, uh...uh, uh-huh [Chorus 1: Dice Raw] Out on the streets, where I grew up  First thing they teach us, not to give a fuck That type of thinking cant get you nowhere  Soooome-onnnne haaaas tooooo care [Black Thought - singing] How I got over... where the people come apart  Don't nobody care about cha, only thing you got is God Out here in these streets.. if you get down on your luck  You can stand out, with a hand out But nobody give a fuck Out here in these streets, every man is for himself  They aint helpin noone else, it's a hazard to your health  Livin life in these cold streets Hey, WHO'S worryin 'bout cha, babe?  When you whylin out, runnin 'round in these streets [Chorus 2: Dice Raw] (Black Thought) Out on the streets, where I grew up (How I got over...)  First thing they teach us, not to give a fuck (How I got o-) That type of thinking cant get you nowhere (How I got over...) Soooome-onnnne haaaas tooooo care [Black Thought - rapping] Yo..  When you on the corners, there's too much drama  Livin with the police right behind ya It's always more than a slight reminder  We livin in a war zone like Rwanda  Before I go back to the Heavenly Father  Pray for me if it aint too much bother  Whatever don't break me a-make me stronger  I feel like I can't take too much longer It's too much lyin, and too much fightin  I'm all cried out 'cause I grew up cryin  They all got a sales pitch I ain't buyin  They tryin to convince me that I ain't tryin  We uninspired, we unadmired  And tired and sick of being sick and tired of livin in the hood where the shots are fired  We dyin to live, so to live, we dyin  You just like I am  [Chorus 3: Dice Raw] (Black Thought) Out on the streets, where I grew up (How I got over...)  First thing they teach us, not to give a fuck (How I got o-) That type of thinking cant get you nowhere (Somebody, somewhere..) Soooome-onnnne haaaas tooooo care [Black Thought - singing] Somebody's gotta care.. And I swear it isn't fair In suspended animation, we ain't tryin to go nowhere Out here in these streets.. We're so young and all alone We ain't even old enough, to realize we're on our own Livin life in these hard streets Where it's like they lost they mind Is there anyway to find? Are we runnin out of time out here? Listen... Hey, WHO'S worryin 'bout cha, babe?  When you whylin out, runnin 'round in these streets [Chorus 3 + 1 two times] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Blu, Patty Crash, Phonte Album: How I Got Over Song: The Day Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: Patty Crash] When I wake up, I look into the mirror I can see a clearer, vision I should start living today Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day Cause today is gonna be the day, is gonna be the day [Blu] Yeah, it's like everyday I wake up, I stare into space and don't say much Peer in the mirror, feeling dead from the face up Coffee pots, cigarettes, morning Js, Baileys Slowing down my day before it picks up the pace Beats playing since the night before, thinking bout writing songs Feeling exhausted from times we toured constant And plus the toxics I sip got me tall Still tipsy, staring at the city from the spot we call Los Angeles Every day is like a blank canvas Carving my initials in the planet like I brand it Hand picked to live this life we take for granted like a child with an upright bass, we can't stand it Smiling through the trouble we face, tryna manage my way without pumping my brakes and staying stagnant Cause I can sit on my ass or just imagine the madness I did on my path and paint the canvas [Black Thought] Before I rise and shine like a neon sign I need the girl of my dreams to give me Einstein And burn the marijuan' like Buju Banton is my only bonafide break from these confines I need a change of scenery like a mind tide These kids bringing me the noise like the bomb squad And everybody coming at me from the blindside I'm tired, it's hard to open up my eyes wide I listen to some theme music on the iPod and walk around the crib doing little odd jobs Checking my breath, take a view from this high rise Feeling like I'm checking out a game from the sideline I got to try different things in these trying times Twenty-ten is different than it was in nine-five It's come alive time, I picked a fine time for getting open off life like a fine wine [Phonte] Uh, yeah, Sunday morning, plan my day out Whole new blueprint, brand new layout Deep down still don't know if it'll play out But for the first time, feel like I done found a way out Skin getting clearer and it feel like I lost weight Stop and say a prayer for the times I lost faith Troubles of the world had me in a cross-face Chicken-wing, sickening, liver so off-base But now it's like I'm in the last lap of the car chase and I finally understand my right to choose My preacher man told me it could always be worse Even the three-legged dog still got three good legs to lose So you can stop and refresh the rules Breathe in, breathe out, let it heal all your exit wounds Something inside said that's the move and made it today, I'll restart fresh and new The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Joanna Newsom, STS (Sugar Tongue Slim) Album: How I Got Over Song: Right On Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X: Joanna Newsom] We should shine a light on, a light on and the book of right on's right on, it was right on [Black Thought] Yo, I try to get it how I live it A lot of people counting on me, kinda like a digit It's a cold world, I'm not fronting like it isn't It's no time for coming up shorter than a midget Y'all know I'ma raise the bar though like Bridget See there a star go, don't blink, you might miss it It's precious cargo, you gotta be strong to lift it The light comes in different types, be more specific Shit, I'm Black Thought, what could be more prolific? For this love, I go above and beyond a limit I told y'all I'm above and beyond a gimmick I get into your head and spread like a pandemic I never put myself in a race I can't finish I'm well-grounded, founded on the same premise as any man with hit list that's bout business Yo, can a brother get a witness? Dig it, right on! [Chorus 2X: Joanna Newsom] [STS] Aight, okay, I'm above and beyond hot, my measurement in watts Time rate and flow of energy ain't never gon' stop Pressure's on, I won't pop, microphone I won't drop Gemstones niggas cop ain't shit if I ain't in the spot It's the Orion of the Hop, the new star of the Hip I shine a light for the future so my presence a gift It's evident I'm heaven scent with Thomas Edison elements Reverence for what I represent to show my benevolence This is Philly, I'm repping for the art of the city Came from South West Atlanta, gave my heart to the city where slugs fly, thugs cry, cause every part of it's gritty Niggas shooting up the club like they partied with Diddy You get the diggy, I flick my incandescence to fluorescence and in essence, I can burn with joules of energy per second I put 'em onto lessons while I'm smoking on the blessing The switch hitter like Pete Rose right of possession, right on! [Chorus 2X: Joanna Newsom] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ John Legend Album: How I Got Over Song: Doin' it Again Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus: John Legend] I keep it doin' it again Oh, I'm doin' it again Yes, I'm doin' it again I said it would end [Black Thought] Uh, remix, rising up out of the flames like a Phoenix Straining to carry the weight of my brain like a genius Knowing I'm sowing seeds, let's see whose thumb is the greenest If I said I mean it, I did it because I need it Eat, sleep it or bleed it, write it down and then read it Asphalt to the cement, your trash talk, delete it I blast off then lay 'em out like a Tempur-Pedic It's Black Thought, for certain I'ma win eventually This unsung, underrated, under-appreciated The one them underachievers had underestimated Finally graduated, I'm one of the most hated Something that's so sacred, nobody gon' take it Face it, I keep doin' it well Doin' it sans assistance, just do it yourself Doin' it below the radar, we doin' it stealth Doin' it again for Illadelph, yo who else? We gon' do it again! [Black Thought] Yeah, aiyyo I'm on a job, see my eyes focussed where the prize be Even though they tried to rob me and sabotage the spot Just like 'Pac when they got him in the lobby Try to tax, you'll find me like Ronald Isley I is a changed man, hanging with fans are probablies Niggas used to know me, they don't even recognise me Yep, the P-5-D is who the repertoire be Doin' it again just like Poitier and Cosby I'm like Martin Luther King, you like Rodney The difference is I give it everything inside me Dear diary, the fans still swear by me Even though I'm Late Night now like "Here's Johnny" Swimming with them Great Whites now, that's where to find me Funny how it break right down, but never mind me Forever grimey, I guess it's just Philly shining Rock roller, bi-polar like Phyllis Hyman The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ John Legend Album: How I Got Over Song: The Fire Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [John Legend] Ohhhh, the fire, the fire Ohhhh, the fire, the fire [Chorus: John Legend] There's something in your heart and it's in your eyes It's the fire, inside you Let it burn You don't say good luck You say don't give up It's the fire, inside you Let it burn [Black Thought] Yeah, and if I'm ever at the crossroads and start feeling mixed signals like Morse code My soul start to grow colder than the North Pole I try to focus on the hole of where the torch goes In the tradition of these legendary sports pros As far as I can see, I've made it to the threshold Lord knows I've waited for this a lifetime And I'm an icon when I let my light shine Shine bright as an example of a champion Taking the advantage, never copping out or cancelling Burn like a chariot, learn how to carry it Maverick, always above and beyond average Fuel to the flame that I train with and travel with Something in my eyes say I'm so close to having the prize I realise I'm supposed to reach for the skies Never let somebody try to tell you otherwise [Black Thought] One love, one game, one desire One flame, one bonfire, let it burn higher I never show signs of fatigue or turn tired cause I'm the definition of tragedy turned triumph It's David and Goliath, I made it to the eye of the storm, feeling torn like they fed me to the lions Before my time start to wind down like the Mayans I show 'em how I got the grind down like a science It sounds like a riot on hush, it's so quiet The only thing I hear is my heart, I'm inspired by the challenge that I find myself standing eye to eye with Then move like a wise warrior and not a coward You can't escape the history that you was meant to make That's why the highest victory is what I'm meant to take You came to celebrate, I came to cerebrate I hate losing, I refuse to make the same mistake [John Legend] Ohhhh, the fire, the fire Ohhhh, the fire, the fire [John Legend] Ohhhh, the fire inside you The fire inside you The fire inside you The fire inside you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: How I Got Over Song: Tunnel Vision Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [scatting] Mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop {*scaling up*} Doo, do-doo, ba-da-da, doo, do-doo, ba-ha-ha {*repeat 2X*} Mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop {*scaling up*} Doo, do-doo, ba-da-da, doo, do-doo, ba-ha-ha {*repeat 2X*} Mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop {*scaling up*} Doo, do-doo, ba-da-da, doo, do-doo, ba-ha-ha {*repeat 2X*} Mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop mm-bop {*scaling up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Peedi Peedi, Truck North Album: How I Got Over Song: Web 20/20 Typed by: dopeskill@gmail.com [Truck North] Yo, Jam boy magic, Mr. Fantastic Masterful mind, the list that I've crafted Fresh new trick to flip, I'm Dick Dastard Half smooth criminal and half straight bastard No mask when your flag get captured First class, take you to the rap hereafter Gone in a flash and yet, he gets faster Sick when he hits the Mike like Mixmaster This the Battle of Troy with no Pastor Slicker than a can of oil with no castor Chill in the front of the flight, outclass them Bring your favorite rapper to fight, I'll trash him Then I'll leave in a timely fashion Uh, emcees get the tiny rations Your girl hold me close as a tiny dancer You got a death wish? Well it's finally answered, prick [Black Thought] Yo, Jam boy magic, Mr. Sarcastic Rap catalogue consists of all classics Blackness, tell your bitch to fall backwards Fuck a hood pass, my shit's for all-access Killing tracks like this, we call practice Any bullshit y'all twist, we call backwards Jam boy sharp as a tack, we all cactus Waiting on a big payback with no taxes So if you follow the game, you might catch this Act like an activist; you know, active Nigga like me just has to spit acid Sucker like you just has to get blasted Ashes to ashes, Frasier to Cassius No homo, y'all some pains in the asses Get turned to toast like raising your glasses When I'm on stage, girls swing from the rafters Often nasty like Monster Mashing Y'all know the voice is tight, hoarse and raspy Can't place the face, kind of hard to catch me Kings that pull strings like Dorothy Ashby Jawns keep telling me I'm great like Gatsby Caught like a felony, you can't slide past me I'm low-key, kind of anti-flashy Then I'm OG up in a black tie classy Sun Tzu to Sun Rai, Gargemel, Mumm-Ra Son of a shooter letting slugs from a gun fly Should call a Mumbai with the bumbaclot It's Black Thought, my sound's hard to come by Last spotted on a yacht getting dumb high Banging yacht rock with my squad from 215 Straight calling niggas out like the umpire Any chump try'na front, (word 'em up) [Peedi Peedi] Jam boy magic, Mr. Get-Busy, you get busy too? Then get with me too, we'll get busy, dig me? Smooth Remy, tool skinny but hold plenty .22 long contact, new Bentley No miles yet, curve backs and cruise and he Bring it back when you through with it, roger that Grip tenny, French mammies in Vic' panties Lips candy, dick hard as a fifth of brandy Hop in it for five minutes, then I'm finished 'Cause pussy is pleasure, but I'm attending my business Retractable roof, magical coupe disappearing And reappearing, German engineering this McLaren Hot jacuzzis, watching movies, glock and uzis Shots of Louis, busting cuties popping jeweries Ooh ooh, Ultramag' MC in a M3 Whole body tatted straight up out a MP The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ STS (Sugar Tongue Slim) Album: How I Got Over Song: Hustla Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Black Thought] Let me tell you what priceless is, some advice to give A sacrifice is what I made for the wife and kids They say life's a bitch, but it's one life to live I want my baby where that cake and the icing is Out of them crisis-es, off of them vices-es They see what we do and grow up in all likenesses Really I don't wanna see 'em having to fight for this Story of the family biz, I'ma rewrite the script Daughter of a Hip-Hopper, hustla like her grandpapa Her destiny done been determined so you can't stop her from being independent, earning paper and proper More like a lawyer or a doctor, not a man watcher That's where your man got ya, it's a big world out yeah I'm tryna make a black diamond or a pearl out yeah and hit the people to the way the world twirl out yeah And when I thank heaven for my little girl [Chorus: STS] Please let her be a hustla, baby be a hustla Hope my baby girl grows up to be a hustla Let her be a hustla, baby be a hustla If not, then you're only a customer Please let him be a hustla, baby be a hustla Hope my baby boy grows up to be a hustla Let him be a hustla, baby be a hustla If not, then you're only a customer [STS] Sugar Slim, I'm slicker than a squid, nigga no kids No baby momma, Sugar freed from the drama Sugar be where he wanna, no sweat/suite like a sonnet No judge, your honor can't tell me how to raise mine Figure that in due time, if and when I do find true love, {?} maybe you can blue-line Ooh I'm, caught up in the moment for the meantime G I'm, all about the green like tree pines See I'm, tryna get the scratch like a feline Hoping that my seed don't know the struggle like me, I'm hustling to make a buck, make a buck and fuck it up Fuck it up and suck it up, then go and make another buck Get the money, get the money, that's what I know I'm hoping that my seeds know a little more than I know I know, I know, but baby this what I know If we ever settle down, well baby this what I hope [Chorus: STS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Hard Times Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [John Legend] Yeah-yeah, ooohhhhhhhhh So many hard times Yea-yeahhhhhh, ooohhhhhhhhhh Yeahhhh-yeah-yeah-yeah, yeah-yeahhhh YEAHHHHH, yeah-yeah YEAHHHHHHHHHH Cold, cold eyes upon me they stare People all around me and they're all in fear They don't seem to want me but they won't admit I must be some kind of creature up here having fits From my party house, I'm afraid to come outside Although I'm filled with love, I'm afraid they'll hurt my pride So I play the part I feel they want of me And I pull the shades so I won't see them seeing me [Chorus: John Legend - 2X] Having hard times, in this crazy town Having hard times, there's no love to be found [John Legend] Yeah, yeah, yeah In my party house I feel like meeting others Familiar faces, creed and race, a brother But to my surprise I find a man corrupt Although he be my brother, he wants to hold me up [Chorus: John Legend - 2X] [Black Thought] Check it out, seventeen years and counting I'm tryna climb up the rough side of the mountain Friends warned me I'ma have to do it without them No problem really, it was never about them So my house, I never come out from cause every day a drought, then a shadow of doubt come I'm down to do whatever if it betters my outcome The city's like the Audubon Ballroom waiting on Malcolm Cause people wanna see my blood flow like fountains I got nowhere to go and still feel like bouncing I'm looking for the closest window I can rap from or for the highest speaker-box that I can shout from And I'm hoping to feel like something is real But it's no hope when you are but a spoke in a wheel A brick in a wall, tryna find an opening still Having hard times, tryna climb over the hill [John Legend] Yeah, so many hard times, yeah, yeah Sleeping on motel floors, yeah, yeah Knocking on my brother's door Eating Spam, Oreos Drinking Thunderbird baby, yeaaaaaaahhhh [Chorus: John Legend - 4X] [John Legend] Yea-yeah, yea-yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeaaaahhh, yeah Yeah, mmmmm, yeah, yeaaah So many hard times, yeah, yeah Sleeping on motel floors, yeah, yeah Knocking on my brother's door Eating Spam and Oreos Drinking Thunderbird baby, ohhhhhhhhh, yeah I don't wanna do it no more No-no-no, no-no I don't wanna go back there no more No-ohhhhhh I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna, I don't wanna.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ Common, Melanie Fiona Album: Wake Up! Song: Wake Up Everybody Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*33 seconds of instrumental to open*} [John Legend] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backward thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much, from what it used to be There is so much hatred, war and poverty Ohhhhh yeahhh yes [Melanie Fiona] Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way Maybe then they'll listen, to what you have to say Cause they're the ones who's comin up and the world is in their hands When you teach the children, teach them, the very best you cannn Ohhhhh yeah [Chorus: Legend & Fiona together] The world won't get no better If we just let it be The world won't get no better We gotta change it yeah, just you and me [John Legend] Wake up all the doctors, make the old people well They're the ones who suffer, and who catch all the hell They don't have so very long, before their judgment day So won't you make them happy, before they pass away? Ohhh yeahhh [Melanie Fiona] Wake up all the builders, time to build a new land I know we can do it, if we all lend a hand The only thing we have to do, is put it in our minds Surely things will work out, cause they do every time Yeahhhh-heahhhhh [Common] It's the God hour, the morning I wake up Just for the breath of life, I thank my maker My mom say I come from hustlers and shakers My mind building on skyscrapers and acres He said take us back to where we belong I try to write the song as sweet as the psalms though I'm the type to bear arms and wear my heart on my sleeve Even when I fail in God I believe Read the days and, weave through the maze And the seeds are so amazing, feed them and raise them Seasons are aging, earthquakes, wars and rumors I want us to get by but we more than consumers We more than shooters, more than looters Created in his image so God live through us And even in this generation living through computers Only love love love can reboot us [John Legend + Melanie Fiona] Ohhhh wake up everybody no more sleeping in bed Ohhhh wake up everybody yeahhhh Gotta get up, gotta get up Said I need a little help, everybody, no more sleeping in bed I need a little help, everybody, c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon I need a little help y'all! Can't do it alone Oh I need a little help y'all! Gotta get up, gotta get up Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh Wake up everybody, wake up everybody Wake up everybodyyyy, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ CL Smooth Album: Wake Up! Song: Our Generation (The Hope of the World) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] Hope of the world is in our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us, to change this present situation (let's straighten it out) Take caution from our elders, don't make the same mistake (let's straighten it out) Let's fill the world with love, and get rid of all the hate Our elders taught us one thing but, practice another Just look what happened to the Indian and the brother (Straighten it out!) {*3X*} Hope of the world is in our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us, to change this present situation (let's straighten it out) Our leaders make us fight, and we don't know what for (let's straighten it out) If they want people killed, let them fight the war! It's gotta end somewhere, this killing's got to cease If no one were to fight, we'd all live in peace Our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us (let's straighten it out) Our generation (let's straighten it out) Let's do just what we must And straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Gotta straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Yeahhh we gon' straighten it out, yeahh! [CL Smooth] As long as there's a you, there's a better me It's why we're together and stronger than they ever thought it could be A world motherless - can health care cover this? A love for all people no matter what the culture is Our generation, is makin huge strides A self-empowering movement that's on the rise The more the door is open, the more the youth can see a fair chance means a greater opportunity To have a brighter future, deeper insight Work hard to be anything you want in life It's what it's all about, the longevity Educated enough to know what's ahead of me Need to straighten it out, seek and you'll find they can cage your body, but not your mind We lay it all on the line in the struggle We grew, but together here's what we gotta do [John Legend] Our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us (let's straighten it out) Our generation (let's straighten it out) Let's do just what we must, and straighten it out! [JL with background singers] Our generation - straighten it out! Let's straighten it out - and straighten it out! Heyyyyyyyyy we can straighten it out, YEAHHH! C'mon yeah! Our generation - let's straighten it out Hey hey, we'll straighten it out We'll straighten it out - straighten it out New York City, better straighten it out Atlanta, better straighten it out In Los Angeles, you better straighten it out We can straighten it out, we can straighten it out {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ Malik Yusef Album: Wake Up! Song: Little Ghetto Boy (Prelude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Malik Yusef] You know you ghetto boy, when you got a face, with a scar And yo' highest aspirations is a place, and a car Shorties pull out and bussssst, like a money shot Now he on the run, he hot And he hurtin his Granny and she the only one he got The hood so shady You give up hope, of ever even tryin to find a sunny, spot- -light, they caught him at the stop- -light, but if he woulda run that yellow Then he coulda, run the globe But insteed, with speed They put one in the middle of his frontal, lobe like a unicorn I'm just tryin to keep you, informed To my little ghetto soldiers in they, gold green, red, and blue uni-forms - chuuch! But I'm feeling like the loneliest monk So I pull me a Thelonius Monk and blew, the horn And we don the monikers of goons and gangsters And are trained to conduct ourselves true, to form So we add a Shorty, a Money, a Mack A Lil', a Eazy, or a Young to our name So all the big ballers grab rims and hung, in the game And there's a degree, of difficul-ty to make it from the ghetto boy into the man-hood Especially when you know that yo' fresh greens will help eliminated a canned, good Can, good, and bad co-exisssst? In a place with plenty of off ramps but no ex-its The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Little Ghetto Boy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Thought] My grandmother suits was tailor made, Sundays Mahalia played Simple familiar ways, like how she kneeled and prayed Willin, master forgive us, our trust pastors had us real afraid I never listened yet I still obeyed I got to see how Philly played at such an early age What my father was into sent him to his early grave Then moms started chasin that base, like Willie Mays My childhood was all of 40 nights and 40 days Trouble was my ball and chain, shorties would call me names Humble beginnings but a star is what it all became My journey from a dirty hallway, to the Hall of Fame Music my therapeutic way to cope with all this pain Was headed for the drain, soakin before the rainwater came And chaos, into the order came I started doin what I'm 'sposed to do in life Tryin to move out of the dark, and closer to the light They say if you get a chance to do it, overdo it right Tomorrow isn't promised every time, you say goodnight Knahmtalkinabout? Uhh, yo Story of a little ghetto boy, check it out [John Legend - overlapping BT's last two lines] Yeah yeahhh Little ghetto boy, ohhh Playin in the ghetto street, ay-ayyyy! What'chu gonna do when you grow up and have to face responsibility? Yeah yeahhh Will you spend your days and nights in a pool room? Will you sell caps of madness, to the neighborhood little ghetto boy You already know, how rough life could be Hard to see, so much pain and misery Yeahhhhhhh, yeahhhh Little ghetto boy, yeah Your daddy was blown away Heyyyy yeahhh He robbed that grocery store yeah Don't you know that was a sad sad day? Eyyyyy-yeah All your young life you've seen such misery and pain The world's a cruel place to live in, it ain't gonna change yeahh You're so young, and you've got so far to goooooo Don't think you'll reach your goal young man Talkin 'bout the ghetto boy Yeah yeah yeahhhh Yeah, yeahhh little ghetto BOYYYYY-OYYYY When when you become a maaaaan, yeahhhh You can make things change Oh if you just take a stand, yeah yeahhhh You've got to believe in yourself, in all that you doooo You've got to fight to make it better, better And you will see, that others will start believin too Then my son, things will start to get better Hey yeahhhh yeah ["Everything has got to get better" - repeat in background] Ohhh Everything has got to get better Yeahhh yeahhhhh yeah Don't you know it's gonna get better Heyyyyyy yeah yeah Got to believe that everything yeahhhhh yeah yeah yeah Whooahhh ho oahhh oahhh oahh Whoa yeah Whoah ho oahhh oh ohhhhhhh OHHHHHHHH YEAH YEAHHHH YEAH, YEAHHHHH, little ghetto boy Mmmmmm yeah yeahhhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Hang On In There Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] There ain't no time, no time for sorrow And we ain't got time, no time, awww time to be sad And maybe the world ain't what it could be But to understand that, is to know reality Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) Awwww I said hang on, hang on in there Howww many times did you hear your mom and daddy? Say oh child, I never had it so good I wanna say thank you, thank you for the start Cause deep in my soul, I know you did all that you could I'm just a part of your dreammmm, this I know But I'll do what ever possible, to make this thing grow Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) I said hang on, hang on in there Awwww now say tomorrow, if you woke up a king Now tell me just how, would you fix everything? You walk around complaining, about how things are But what have you added, to this world so far? Now check out your mind, and see what the answer is And tell me just howwww, how much did you give? Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) I said hang on, hang on in there, awwww [John Legend] There are plenty of thinnnngs, still left to live for A child, a friend, and a wife They all want to share your life Ain't that enough to make you want to, hang on? Ohhhh, hang on, hang onnnnnnnnn Hang on in there The sign said, "America - love it or leave it" Well, has it really come to that? And besides, I don't want to, and you can't make me love I've got too many friends, that have shed their blood I've got too many relatives here born on this land, yeah So you can't make me leave I said this is my country, and you can't make me leave You can't make me love, the way you treat me Yeahhhhhhhhhh And you can't make me love yeahh, the way you beat me Mmmmmm, ohhhh, yeah yeah I'm gonna hang on Awwww c'mon Ando matter you do, or, or what you say I just wanna let you know, you can't driiiiive me away I'm gonna hang, hang I'm gonna hang yeah yeah I'm not gonna throw up my hands, aww no no No no no no I'm not gonna throw up my hands, whoahhoohhhh And you can't drive me away, from my home land Gonna hang on, hey yeah yeah I'm gonna hang on yeah yeah Aww with the smog from the cars, and so many live we have lost Hmmm yeah aww still gonna hang on hey yeah yeah Said no matter, no no no no matter what I'm gonna hang on [John Legend] There ain't no time, no time for sorrow And we ain't got time, no time, awww time to be sad And maybe the world ain't what it could be But to understand that, is to know reality Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) Awwww I said hang on, hang on in there Howww many times did you hear your mom and daddy? Say oh child, I never had it so good I wanna say thank you, thank you for the start Cause deep in my soul, I know you did all that you could I'm just a part of your dreammmm, this I know But I'll do what ever possible, to make this thing grow Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) I said hang on, hang on in there Awwww now say tomorrow, if you woke up a king Now tell me just how, would you fix everything? You walk around complaining, about how things are But what have you added, to this world so far? Now check out your mind, and see what the answer is And tell me just howwww, how much did you give? Awwww don't give in (hang on in there) I said hang on, hang on in there, awwww The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Humanity (Love the Way it Should Be) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] Ooooh, oh oh yeah Yeah yeah Time is getting harder and harder More and more each day, yeah Still I am determined That I'm never gonna change my way Thinkin 'bout love the way it should be You better open your eyes, and you will see About love, the way it should be You gotta make up your minds and you'll advance humanity Humanity, humanity, humanity [John Legend - repeat 2X] What happened to the love that they are all talking about? It's nothing but useless words coming from out of their mouths Talking 'bout love the way it should be We gotta open our eyes and we will see About love the way it should be We gotta make up our minds and we'll advance humanity Humanity, humanity, humanity [John Legend] Yeah listen people listen (You got the notion, I hope so) Listen what I'm saying to you (You got the notion, I hope so) A little bit of justice, and peace (You got the notion, I hope so) But bring a little love, for everyone (You got the notion, I hope so) Said you got the notion, you got the notion (You got the notion, I hope so) So get in the motion, get in the motion (You got the notion, I hope so) You got the notion (You got the notion, I hope so) So get in the motion (You got the notion, I hope so) Oh ohhhhhhh ohh, yeah yeahhh {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Wholy Holy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] Yeahhhhhhhhhh Whooooooooo ooooooohh Wholy holy... Come together wholly Hooooohhhhh People we've got to come, together Because we need, the strength, power and ohhh the feeling, ohhhh yeahhh Yeahhhhhh, wholy holy We should believe in each other's dreams We've got to come together Because we need, the strength, power and ohhh the feeling, c'mon on wholy We can conquer, we can conquer Ohhhh, this thing called hate forever Wholy holy, holy Jesus left a long time ago And said he would return Left us with a book to believe in, yes he did In this book, in this book We've got a whole, whole lot to learn Wholy holy, holy, holy Do you know, we can rock this world's foundation Wholy holy, holy Yesssss Jesus left and he said that he would return But he left for us a book to believe in And in this book, in this book We've got a whole, whole lot to learn Wholy holy, holy, holy We can conquerrrrrr, this thing called hate, forever Wholy holy, c'mon come together People you've got to, come together yeah Cause we need the strength The power, yeahhhhhhh ohhhhhh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooh, ohh ohhhh ohhhh The feeling, come together Don't you know that that we can rock this world's foundation Wholy holy, yeah Hohhhhhh (wholy holy) We've got to come together Cause we need, the strength, the power and ohhh Ooooooooh feel it, hohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yeahhhhhhhh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: I Can't Write Left Handed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] I can't write left handed Would you please write a letter, ah to my mother? Tell her to tell, tell her to tell, tell her to tell the family lawyer I'm trying to get, a deferment, for my younger brother Tell the Reverend Harris, to pray for me, mmm Lord yeah Cause I ain't gonna live, ain't gonna live to get much older Strange little man over here in Vietnam I ain't, I ain't never seen Bless his heart I ain't never done nothin to He done shot me in my shoulder, yeah, in my shoulder [John Legend] Boot camp we had classes, yeah yeah yeah You know we talked about fighting, fighting every day And lookin through rosy, rosy colored glasses I must, ad-mit, it seemed exciting, well anyway Yeahhh yeahh somethin that they Somethin that they overlooked to tell me The bullets look better, I must say Brother~!! Brother when they're not comin at you But goin out, the other wayyyy So please, pleeeeease, call up the Reverend Tell him to ask the Lord to do some good things for me, yeah And I ain't gonna live, I ain't gonna live, I ain't gonna live I ain't gonna live to get much older, yeah yeah Strange little man over here in Vietnam I ain't, I ain't never seen Bless his heart I ain't never done nothin to He done shot me in my shoulder Shot me in my shoulder [John Legend] Strange little man over here in Vietnam I ain't, I ain't never seen Bless his heart I ain't never done nothin to He done shot me in my shoulder Shot me in my shoulder He shot me in my shoulder Mmm yeah, shot me in, my shoulder Dagnabbit, done shot me in my shoulder Mmmm, hey heyyy, oh Lord, yeah yeah Oh Lord, I can't write left handed Oh Lord Lord, ooh oh Lord Lord Oohhhhhhh Lord [John Legend] Yeahahhhhyeahhhhh yeah Done shot me in my shoulder Done shot me in my shoulder Yeah he done shot me in my shoulder He done shot me in my shoulder Strange little man over here in Vietnam Yeah yeah yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: I Wish I Knew How it Would Feel to Be Free Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] I wish I knew how, it would feel, to be free I wish I could break, all the chains, holding me And I wish I could say, all the things, that I should say Say 'em loud, say 'em clear, for the whole world to hear I wish I could share, all the love, that's in my heart Remove all the bars, that keep, us apart And I wish you could know, what it means, to be me Then you'd see, and agree, that every man, should be free I wish I could give, I'm longing to give And I wish I could live, like I'm longing to live And I wish I could do, all the things I can do Though I'm way overdue, I'd be starting to move Well I wish I could be, like a bird up in the sky How sweet it would be, if I found I could fly Well I'd soar to the sun, then I'd look down at the sea Then I'd sing cause I'd know Yes I'd, sing cause I'd know Sing cause I know I know I'm free, yeah Yeah I know I'm free... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend Album: Wake Up! Song: Shine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*23 seconds of instrumental to open*} [John Legend] They wait to plead their case, unknown cast aside I love to see their face, can we spare the lie? Are we afraid to see them, prisoners of history These beautiful minds, trapped inside, bring them back to life Let 'em shine, let 'em shine on Let 'em shine, let 'em shine on Ooooooohhhhhhhhhh Aowwwww So dark when I see sparks, if we don't snuff 'em out We've gotta let 'em flame, let 'em speak their name Let 'em reach up to the clouds Can't eat if we don't feed 'em, can't read if we don't teach 'em There's no light if we just hide 'em Don't just let 'em die Let 'em shine (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Let 'em shine (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Oh let 'em shine on (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Let 'em shine on (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine, on Ohhhhh sparks flicker, in the distance Lonely out in space They sing out, but we're not listening Cause we don't see their face We can't let 'em die we can't, make 'em hide All the little miracles that live inside Let 'em shine, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh Let 'em shine (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Let 'em live (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Let 'em be loved (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine on Let 'em growwww (yeah yeah yeah) let 'em shine, on C'mon let 'em love (yeah yeah yeah) hey C'mon let 'em love (yeah yeah yeah) hey hey hey yeah C'mon let 'em love (yeah yeah yeah) YEAH-HA-HEAH C'mon, YEAH-HA-HEAH-HA-HEAHH Hold 'em close, let 'em know That they'll get through the night Ordinary people could, be a hero Don't put out the light! Let 'em shine, let 'em shine on {*2X*} Yeah Yeayyyyeahhh Let 'em shine on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Old Songs Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Old songs, old songs  Old records, and old memories  8 tracks, takin' it back  to, them old songs, olllld strong songs  [Verse One: Betty Wright] When you're 35 or 40  and you chillin wit yo' shawty  Whatchu gon' listen to? Whatchu gon' listen to if you ain't making nothin new?  If ya wanna just sample Well Im tellin you, ya gamble  You ain't even writing one strong song  You aint even writing nothing to hold on  Late at night you wanna watch TV  Lean back and play a lil' Stevie (Stevie)  Play the music, play the music  Then you'll know why I'm talkin 'bout the  [Verse Two: Betty Wright] When you get a little older  and your nights get a little bit colder  Whatcha gon' cuddle to? Whatcha gon' cuddle to?  Well it must be misty blue  Tell me what you got on yo' menu  Serve it up, I know that it's in you  Serve it up, serve it up  Serve it up serve it up serve it up  Listen to the music that made you  Tune in to what yo' mama played ya  Time to celebrate, time to create before, it's too late Oh, go to your favorite place (Go to your favorite place) Speakers bumpin, bumpin that bass (Speakers bumpin that bass) Slow dance and what do they play?  Betty and Teddy all up in yo' face! [Rap verse: Betty Wright]  I must admit yo' beats got fatter  But add subject matter on subjects that matter...  Cause it matters, yeah it matters... [Outro: Betty Wright]  {*The chorus is sung in background until the end of the song*} Hmmmm-mmmm Patti, Gladys, Chaka Khan, Prince And Kelly, and Kelly, and Kelly, and Kelly... ... Mary Mary, you blossom like cherries, I've seen your garden grow  Hey, Erykah, little sista  I'm feelin ya, Badu, Badu Badu and.. Angie, C'MON Stone! Keep on writin and singin dem strong songs, ohh  India.Arie, keep singin and playin for me  Talk about that sweet tea and your sweetie  Just, keep singing those songs  Raheem and Jaheim and The-Dream and the whole team  Just take me on back to those STRONG songs  Joe and Mario and Ne-Yo and ohhh  Keep on writing and singing them strong songs  Just keep on listenin to Marvin, Aretha, The Isleys and them O'Jays  So you'll know what to say and you'll know what to play The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Real Woman  Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (w/ help from liner notes) [Intro: Betty Wright] This song goes out to all my nephews, sons  and lil' cousins, you know who you are Mmm... Try to tell you what to look out for Y'know I got your back Get yourself a real woman  So you can be a real man  It's time to stop playing with girls! You need a woman who will understand Get yourself a real woman  So you can be a real man  It's time to stop playing with girls! You need a woman who will understand [Betty Wright] There was a time when I was, wildin' out  Hangin' with the crowd, talkin' way too loud  When I think back to my, younger days  and my, crazy ways that was, just a phase  Now I don't wanna give you, wrong advice  but you, got one life you can't, live it twice  So when you choosing you just, take your time  Ele-vate your mind, good you're, gonna find  [Betty Wright] You might be stackin' money, mountain high  so they're, gonna try, try to, catch your eye  But all that glitters boy you, know ain't gold  Some would, sell their soul, they're out, of control  And I'm ain't sayin' that they're, all the same  but they, all got game I won't, call no names  So take my word I wouldn't lie to you  'cause I love you nephew, here's what you gotta do!  [Betty Wright - Bridge] I, know what you need (You need a woman who will)  I, know what you need (You need a woman who will)  When you get tired of playing in the sand box  Want a woman who'll love you a whole lot  You need, you need, you need - you need a woman who will Snoop~! [Snoop Dogg] +No Pain, No Gain+, this life the same thang Been playin so many games, gotta find a slow dame Sooner or later, no later, 'cause when he finally date her He'll love her or either hate her, regroup or re'bilitate her These are some real fly words from the wise one I got my wife in my life, 'cause she's the right one Better know it, better show it, everytime I step in A real woman make a real man, and this is definite Yeah {repeat in background} You need a woman who will, you need a woman who will You need a woman who wiiiill  [Outro: Betty Wright] Yeah, some of y'all just triflin'~!  Do anything for a little bling bling All of the green and gold diggin', yeah That's how you make yo' dealin' To all my daughters, the nieces, and my lil' cousins You know I ain't leavin' you out 'cause I know some of y'all be tryin the best you can But listen to this:  {*sing a new chorus*} If you be a real woman, then you can get a real man I'm talkin' to you little girls Tell me do you understand? If you be a real woman, then you can get a real man I'm talkin' to you little girls! Tell me do you understand? Tell me do you understand? Tell-tell me do you understand? {*back to talking*} All you think about is blowin up ya whistle But it goes like this: Use your wisdom No schizm, no -ism, get your own blow-up-ya-whistle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: In the Middle of the Game (Don't Change the Play) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Just go from right there.. Oooh, yeah... In the middle of the game, don't change the play  You know you was sweet to catch him, to keep him - keep it that way!  In the middle of game, don't change the play  You know you were good to the last drop, don't stop - keep it that way!  [Verse One: Betty Wright] Give her breakfast in bed sometimes  Tell her that she's been on your mind  Take her out somewhere nice to eat  Put a pair of Jimmy Choo's on her feet  Stop nagging on him all the time  Start bragging on him sometime  Go some places that he wants to go  And make him think that he runs the show  In the middle of the game, don't change the play  You know you was sweet to catch her, to keep her - keep it that way!  In the middle of game, don't change the play  You know you were good to the last drop, don't stop - keep it that way!  [Verse Two: Betty Wright]  Make sure there's gas in the car  Give her money to go to the spa  And she'll never forget who you are  In fact, you'll be a super star  When his friends are watching sports in the den  Get in the kitchen, hook him up something  And even if you cain't cook nothing  Have a little take-out brought in (oww~!)  [Interlude] You better keep it that way You ought to keep it that way You better keep, you ought to keep Keep it that way You better keep it that way You ought to keep it that way You better keep, I said keep Keep it that way [Bridge] Why do they always have to change?  When you're wearing their ring, and you're bearing their name?  (Whooo-hooo!) Why can't it stay like when it was new?  Cause if you deserve me, preserve me  I'll be all that I can be to you, ohh Ohh-ohh-ohh! (Don't change!) Ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh! (Don't change!) Ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-ohh-ohhhhhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Surrender Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Ohhhh-hooooo, ooh-ooh-ooh Hey, heyy, heyy... Mmmm... I'm waving my flag, I surrender  I feel it's love this time  His kisses are warm, and oh so tender  And I think the time is right  But I've been hurt so many times  I don't wanna be flying blind  Not at this time (not at this time)  In my lifetime (in my lifetime)  So I- I'm..  I'm waving my flag, I surrender  I think its love this time  As far back as I can remember  He said he was that guy  And I've been wounded so many times  All that I could think in my mind  Was not at this time (not at this time)  In my lifetime (in my lifetime)  But, I-I-I.. I...  I need someone who's good at opening doors Someone to give me what I need and more (I need)  Someone who's lookin out for me (I need)  Someone who let's me be free (I need)  Someone who has my interest at heart (I need)  Someone who'll love me right from the start (I need)  With all, with all his heart With all of his heaaa-AAAAAAAAAAAAAA-art  I'm waving my flag, I surrender  I feel it's love this time  His kisses are warm, and oh so tender  And I think the time is right  I'm waving my flag, I surrender  I think its love this time  As far back as I can remember  He said he was that guy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Lil Wayne Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Grapes on a Vine Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (w/ help from liner notes) [Intro: Betty Wright] Ooooh (Oh, oh, oh) Mmmmm (oh, oh) Oh (Oh, oh) Ohhhh-whoa (Oh...oh-oh...) [Betty Wright] Daddy always told me to be real  Daddy always said that, I should say just what I feel  People, they will judge you cause they just don't understand  You're in it for the long ride, you don't just give up on a man  And like every woman who's been through the fire as well  We ALL got a story half afraid to tell, yeah  People they will judge you 'cause they just can't comprehend  You're headed for the long ride, you don't just give up on a friend  [Pre-Chorus Bridge] (Now the ones have moved on) Gone to where the sun shines all the time  (We're still standing) Though some might think we've lost our minds  (We shall fulfill) our legacy divine  It's just that we're so different, makes our place a little harder to find  Grapes on a vine (Grapes on a vine) don't always make sweet wine  Grapes on a vine, yeah, don't always make sweet wine  Grapes on a vine (Grapes on a vine) don't always make sweet wine  Might be bitter, but it gets better with time  [Betty Wright] (Lil Wayne) Momma always said that, it's okay to dream  Momma always warned me things ain't always what they seem (and my momma told me...)  People, they will judge you; leave you sittin' on a shelf  Remember it's a long ride, just don't you give up on yourself  And like every man, who wants to make his mark  We ALL got a secret hidden in our hearts, yeah {We all got a secret}  People they will judge us, 'cause they just don't really see  We're in it for the long ride, just don't you give up on you and me, no~! [Lil Wayne] Uh, uh Grapes on a vine, ain't nuttin' sweet You gotta pay the price, just keep your receipt I can make the world have a seat on my feet And I come from New Orleans where the water too deep Money bring problems, the funny thang 'bout it Everybody want it, want it 'til they got it Sometimes I forget and put my trouble in my pockets Then hang up my pants, now I got monsters in my closet Get right with me, Miss Wright with me Die hard, I got too much life in me Shades on, I'm seein past that Bittersweet wine, where your glass at? Toast! You haters are ghost I make y'all sick, you need a full dose, ha~! And my momma told me do me and stay away from that fruit tree, because.. [Chorus 2X] [Outro] (Lil Wayne) {Do you, do you} So do you, do you, do yooooooooooou... (Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright with me, Miss Wright with me) Be your own best friend (Miss Wright, Miss Wright, Miss Wright with me) You gotta love on you before anybody else can learn to You gotta love you, LOVE you, yeaaaaah, love you, love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Look Around (Be a Man) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Look around, look around, look around  And tell me what do you see?  Mmm-mmm, yeah... Look around, look around, look around  And tell me what you see?  [Verse One: Betty Wright] Look, look at what cheating cost  Look at what you have lost  Now look at the stupid things  That cost you your wedding ring  Looking for friends, they're gone  Looking for love and none shown  Looks like our vows we've outgrown  Look around, look around, look around  And tell me what do you see? Well you won't see me, no! Look around, look around, look around  And tell me what you see?  Soon you won't see me [Verse Two: Betty Wright] Look, look through the real window  Look how we were so close  You wanted me the most  I know cause you used to boast  Now look at this paper doll  Suited to you and that's all  Hard to watch a blessing turn into a curse  And bad is getting worse, ohh!  [Interlude] Be a man, tell me to my face I've been replaced  Be a man, tell me to my face  Be a man, tell me to my face I've been replaced  Be a man, tell me to my face  [Bridge: Betty Wright] I admit I might shed a few tears, huh  But I'll get over it in the coming years  In fact, I might go, I just might go fishin, well  I just might go, window wishin, look ARROOUND, look around [Outro] You won't see me.. You won't see me.. I'm gon' get ghost, baby Bye-bye.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Tonight Again Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Okay, okay, grown folks music bein played right now Put the children in bed, alright? This song goes out to all of you that blame  every child you ever had on me I know cause I'm meeting all these lil' kids name Betty Wright After "Tonight is the Night", heh.. Light up a candle  We got business to handle  It feels like.. tonight again  Light up a candle  We got business to handle  It feels like.. tonight again  [Verse One: Betty Wright] We been taking, it kinda slow  Cause we wanna be sure  how far we should go, oh...  Said I wanna know, cause I been here before  [Verse Two: Betty Wright] No-no-no-no, I'm not scared this time (I'm not scared) Cause I'm a woman and uh, I've crossed that line  But I'm just as excited, mmm  But you can't come in unless you're invited  [Bridge: Betty Wright] I ain't acting shy  So don't be acting coy  I ain't no little girl  You ain't no little boy  We know what we wanna do  Time's a-wasting boo.. (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)  Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh... Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh... Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh.. Said tiiiime's a-wasting Here's what I want to do [Outro: Betty Wright] Tonight again, tonighth again Tonight again, yeah.. Ooooooh, it feels like tonight again Ooh, It feels better the second time  Sho' feels better the second time  Umm, don't matter what little Betty Wright said  That was then this is now, and I say  Sho' is better a second time around, yeah..  A little knowledge that you can't get in college  Lessons that you learned from me, not from the university, no  Oooh-oooh-oooh, yeah Oooh-oooh-oooh, it feels like Oooh-oooh-oooh, feels like Oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Robert "The Messenger" Bozeman Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Hollywould Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Everybody knows somebody That moves about like a misguided missile [Verse One: Betty Wright] Waking up in the morning  When the night is broken by the day  She needs to feed her babies  Waking up in the morning  When the night is broken by the day  She's got to go home and feed her babies  She sees no other way (other way)  She sees no brighter day (brighter day)  Up all night in the clubs and such  She's 'bout the numbers, she knows that much  Smiles though her heart frowns  Can't get up for laying down  The word is what a good girl won't do  Holly would - and the guys say Holly's good  The word is what a good girl don't do  Holly would - and the guys say Holly's good  [Verse Two: Betty Wright] Heart breaking with her head bowed  Overtaken by the wrong crowd, that's her fight  She needs to feed her babies  Heart breaking with her head bowed  Over taken by the wrong crowd, that's her flight  She's got to go home to feed her babies  She sees no open door (open door)  Nothing worth hoping for, her baby's daddy  up all night in the clubs and such  He's 'bout the women, you know that much  Goes to bed on the other side of town  Ohh! That's what let her down  [Bridge: Betty Wright] How did she get here?  How did she get here? Look at all those tears, she's drowning  What a predicament, she's found in [Rap Verse: Robert "The Messenger" Bozeman] She was addicted to the street life So she walked the streets night after night Smokin the pipe, just to keep her hyped Rollin the dice against her life Lookin for the type who can pay the price to keep her reputation nice She was admired by many and yet despised by others Even disowned by her very own sisters and brothers So she hit the streets lookin for love When times was tough, she started trickin, strippin in clubs Got molested by her father at a young age Taught her how to please a man, love him the right way As he would say, "Nobody cares if you cry, baby  It's not my fault ya mama never taught you how to be a lady" And so she grew up confused by affection Comin from the wrong direction in the midst of ?very? session Everyday, another lesson, of a sexual abuse This is the life that she has gotten used to [Outro: Betty Wright] She's got to cater to them, and she can't win, oh Holly.. Holly Holly... Holly Holly...  I know you're somebody's sister (a good girl) You're somebody's mama, you're somebody's lover  Pocket full of money (pocket full of money) Made the wrong way (made the wrong way) Somebody, somebody got pray for Holly  She's got no time for being a lady Oh no Holly.. Oh Holly.. She got to feed, she wanna feed, she gotta feed, she need to feed SHE got to feed her babies Sorry, for Holly So sorry, for Holly But I'm gonna pray, I'm gonna pray Will you praaaaay, for Holly Somebody got to pray.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Joss Stone Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Whisper in the Wind Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Is that all our love has been?  Just a whisper in the wind [Verse One: Betty Wright]  I thought it was important to ya I thought I was the icing on your cake  I thought it was going according to the plan  Was that a mistake?  Now someone is in love, and someone is in like and  Someone's holding on with all their might  and someone's letting go, what, no kiss goodbye? Oh no!  And someone is the answer to the question why..  (Yo' turn) [Verse Two: Joss Stone] Forget about the times, my shoulder was your savior, mm-hmm baby  Now, remember how we use to smile through thick and thin  I would never play ya..  And if I was your mind (your mind)  You were my thoughts inside (my thoughts inside) No lies could tie our hands  We were free, just you and me free  You meant so much to me baby  Now look around, the room is empty  The room is empty  [Bridge: Betty & Joss] The pedals from our love's flower keep fallin (fallin)  And right outside my heart's door, your love, I can hear you callin (callin) Say it louder..  You say you're gonna have a heart to heart, well baby why you stallin? (stallin)  Tell me why!  And in my vision this indecision, it's tormenting, haunting me  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots f/ Lenny Williams Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: Baby Come Back Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Betty Wright] Who is this callin me this time of morning?!  Ohh.. Lenny! Oh!  When you're with 'em they don't know what to do When you leave 'em, then they act like they can't live without ya This is the last time I'm answerin this phone.. [Chorus: Lenny Williams]  Baby come back (Baby come back!) You know that I miss you baby (You know that I miss you) Won't you come back this way again? (Won't you come back this way again?) I miss you old friend (I miss you old friend) [Verse One: Betty Wright] I just can't believe that there is  no more left of all of those years  We were the rock of ages, life stared turning pages  Now I can write a thesis on how we fell to pieces  I pray the pain decreases, ceases  [Chorus: Lenny Williams] (Betty Wright) Baby come back (Not this time) You know that I miss you baby (Not this time baby) Won't you come back this way again? (Not this time baby) I miss you old friend (No..) Baby come back (I don't think so) You know that I miss you baby  Won't you come back this way again? (Oooohhh...) I miss you old friend (Ohh..) [Verse Two: Bettyy Wrighht] See I had an open vision of how we would be living  So free from all dissention, like in our own dimension  We were the model couple, it was like seein double  And then came all the trouble, struggle  Baby come back (Oh...) You know that I miss you baby (I really miss you) Won't you come back this way again? (Back this way again) I miss you old friend (My baby..) Baby come back  You know that I miss you baby (Ohhh) Won't you come back this way again? (Oh no) I miss you old friend  [Bridge] People won't let you be  They can't stand to see you happy  They don't want to see nobody happy  Not really, no, not really  They say we're too close to breathe  Is that why you chose to leave?  And the jealousy, it was gettin to me  That's why I chose to leave  Baby come back (I don't think so) You know that I miss you baby (And I don't think so) Won't you come back this way again? (I don't think so) I miss you old friend (I don't think, I don't think so) Baby come back (I don't wanna hear it) You know that I miss you baby (I can't hear it) Won't you come back this way again?  I miss you old friend  Baby come back (That's just talk baby) You know that I miss you baby (That's why I had to walk baby) Won't you come back this way again? (He said and she said) I miss you old friend (Thhey said, and youu said) Baby come back  You know that I miss you baby (I cain't tell) Won't you come back this way again?  I miss you old friend  [Outro: Betty Wright] (Lenny Williams) All I know is, I don't see no change (Hey!) (C'mon) And I'm so tired of the PAIN (I miss you, darling) Girls, do you believe he asked me (Oh..) was it the talk that made me walk? (Ohhh oh-oh-oh-oh, baby) Oh no, I was influenced, by what he was doin (C'mon) It wasn't just no talk (Sho' nuff miss you, baby) I got eyes and I see I'm so TIRED, I'm so tired of it I saw what he was doin to me Oh yeah, you keep sangin-a, you keep sangin it You keep playin and uh, ohh Lenny (Ohhhhh oh-oh-oh-oh baby) I've had dreams, I've had dreams... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Betty Wright & The Roots  Album: Betty Wright: The Movie Song: So Long, So Wrong Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com We've done this so long, so long  How come we keep doing it wrong?  We've done this so long, so long  How come we keep doing it wrong?  [Verse One: Betty Wright] It's not your first time, Lord knows it ain't mine  And we ain't kids, we don't have to hide what we did  It's all the more reason, we oughta be seasoned  How can we show them the way if this is how we stay?  [Verse Two: Betty Wright] Why can't you comprehend?  We keep going back where we've been  It didn't work then, so why do it over again?  Wanna make this plain, brother you must love pain  Well I've had enough of that ride, time to step aside  [Bridge: Betty Wright] Folks will be watching  Cause they don't wanna miss a thing  Hard to keep myself from falling  It's getting too hard to keep trying  Under the scope, magnifying  Under their scrutiny (scrutiny) all this mutiny (mutiny)  About you and me, they should let us be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Patrick Stump (Fall Out Boy) Album: Birthday Girl iTunes exclusive Song: Birthday Girl Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Patrick Stump] What is it we wanna doooo.. now that I'm allowed to be alone with you? Bir-thday girl, it's your birthday Wherever you wanna go Now you're old enough to go and see the "R"-rated show, now "R"-rated show [Black Thought] Yo, she said she was a magazine editor named, Janine Backstage in high-heels and painted-on, jeans Probably had the most, devious eyes I'd ever sene Told me she was twenty-two, she was only seventeen She had sum'hin to hide she snuck in from out-side and got, everybody gassed like the car I, drive With all that grown-lady ass and my far-out, vibe She said she came to see them Roots boys +Fall-Out+ live, but listen... [Chorus w/ ad-libs] [Black Thought] You see the girls look good, but they brains not ready I talk to a woman, her mind is mo', steady Probably sum'hin in the way they designed, that's mo' steady I just let you inside 'cause the line so, heavy But I shoulda know, better 'cause now I feel like America's  underbelly R. Kelly gutter smut peddlers  Internet predators, chat-room irregulars This not my twist, you tryna send me to the therapist, miss [Chorus w/ ad-libs] [Black Thought] Now, she told me cheddar cheese grits, two tomato fried fish 'Cause she heard it's my dish, tryna be my sidekick All the people all around thinkin she was my chick Sayin, "Damn, the girl thick, but she ain't no twenty-six" Lookin at me like I'm up to sum'him on the funny tip Like I ever really been the one to try the honey drip It's your birthday so let me know the gift you wanna get In fact, blow out the candles on the cake and make a wish for me [Patrick Stump] They can't really seem to look away so they try, asking her to stay Fake I.D., you won't get turned away! You look, lovely toniiiight... Now you're old enough to buy a gun So many better ways of having fun Right now I can only think of one... You look lovely toniiiight... [Chorus w/ ad-libs and variations 'til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Aaron Livingston Album: undun Song: Sleep Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Aaron Livingston] Like when autumn leaves fall, down from the trees There goes my honey bee I've lost a lot of, sleep to dreams... (And I do not miss them yet!) (I wouldn't wish them on the worst of enemies) Let them burn, go from here... ..like when autumn leaves [Black Thought] To catch a thief, who stole the soul I prayed to keep Insomniac, bad dreams got me losin sleep I'm dead tired, my mind playin tricks, deceit A face in the glass, unable to admit defeat All that I am all that I was is history The past unraveled addin, insult to this injury I'm, fightin the battle for the soul of the century Destiny is everything that I pretend to be Look, and what I did came back to me eventually The music, played on and told me I was meant to be awake It's unresolved like everything I had at stake Illegal activity controls my black symphony Orchestrated like it happened oncidentally Oh.. there I go from a man to memory Damn, I wonder if my fam will remember me [Aaron Livingston] I've lost a lot of, sleep to dreams... (And I do not miss them yet!) (I wouldn't wish them on the worst of enemies) Let them burn, go from here... ..like when autumn leaves The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Big K.R.I.T. Album: undun Song: Make My Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Big K.R.I.T] I did it all for the money, Lord, it's what it seems Well, in the world of night terrors it's, hard to dream  Holl'n Cash Rules Everything, let's call it +C.R.E.A.M.+  'cause when it rises to the top, you get, the finer things Oceanfronts, rollin blunts, with model chicks and sayin grace over lobster and steak  like, "Please forgive us for ridin Benzes with camera plates" Too busy lookin backwards for jackers to pump my brakes For help sign to symbolize the lives that hunger takes Addicted to the green, if I don't ball I'll get the shakes I'd give it all for peace of mind, for heaven's sake My heart's so heavy that the ropes that hold my casket break 'cause everything that wasn't for me, I had to chase I had to chase... [Chorus: Dice Raw] They told me that the ends, won't justify the means They told me at the end, don't justify the dreams that I've had since a child, maybe I'll throw in the towel Make my make my make my make my departure from the world [Black Thought] Tryin to control the fits of panic Unwritten and unraveled, it's the dead man's pedantic Whatever, see it's really just a matter of semantics When everybody's fresh out of collateral to damage And, my splayin got me +praying+ like a +mantis+ I begin to vanish, feel the pull of the blank canvas I'm contemplatin, that special dedication to whoever it concern, my letter of resignation Fadin, back to black, my dark coronation The heat of the day, the long robe of muerte That soul's in the atmosphere like airplay If there's a Heaven I can't find a +Stairway+ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Phonte Album: undun Song: One Time Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Phonte] Yo.. The spirit in the sky screams homicide But it was time to ride when some niggas funny-talkin If too much money talkin, we make 'em economize Real life, no tale/tail spinnin, such as the life of a kamika-ze pilot, we wylin out of control Until we all make the funny papers like Comic-Con Fear in all streets so, if you ever see me out in y'all streets, find another one to +occupy+ I never hope for the best, I wish a nigga would Turn around and walk away, I wish a nigga could listen to my instincts and say, "Fuck the rest!" But once you've had the best, better ain't as good Weak-heartedness cannot be involved Stick to the script, nigga, FUCK yo' improv! Like the samurai, the street's Hammurabi Code: Play your part, shut the fuck up and do as I was told [Chorus 1: Dice Raw] I was always late, for the bus Just once, can I be on time? Then I start to think, what's the rush? Who wants to be on time? Feeling unlucky  and if I ever got lucky it was one time ..in this crazy woooooorld [Black Thought] Not a thing I fear besides fear itself This is clearly a lesson learned for someone else Reach for the crown of thorns upon the shelf Cross around my neck, I've been taught by stealth Capture this moment in time, it's a smash and grab And where my party people? Y'all finna have a blast You say goodbye, I say hello ,first and last Hello hello, now all of y'all elevate your glass to an example of what time will do to you When, those nameless things just keep on eludin you When, shit is new to you and, lies is true to you Words of suspect usual, comin through to you Man, I guess if I was ever lucky it was one time Then I went missin, lookin for the sublime A nigga stayed low, left the ladder unclimbed Time after time, verse blank, the line, unrhymed [Chorus 2: Dice Raw] You ever wonder what's, the big fuss for everyone to be on time? What's the big deal? Why do they feel the need to have us marchin on line Feeling unlucky  and if I ever got lucky it was one time ..in this crazy woooooorld [Dice Raw] I wonder when you die, do you hear harps and bagpipes if you born on the other side of the crack pipe? Niggaz learn math just to understand the crack price Then dive in, head first like the jack knife Cause out here, yo you niggaz cant belly flop If you wanna make the noise, inside your belly stop On time means, bein on the front line Being on the front means duckin one time The pendulum swingin my way, couldn't be more blind Niggaz talk to the cops? Not even one time 'cause we all goin down, just like the subprime or a cheap-ass half gallon of Ballantine But, hoppin over gates to escape is sublime Been through the alley way and down to the sub line Tales from the streets, life of high crime to make it to the bottom, such a high climb [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Greg Porn, Truck North Album: undun Song: Kool On Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Come get your kool on, stars are made to shine {4X} Stars are made to shine [Greg Porn] I'm in the double G, three-piece tux Screamin dressed to kill, hope somebody call my bluff It's a full house, sippin on a Royal Flush Two queens is on my cuff, good times is in the cards Livin on borrowed time I'm payin the extra charge To feel like something small is worth a hundred large Swag is on retard, charm is on massage Wit is on guard, I challenge you to a duel Who needs a chain when every thought's a jewel? God bless the weirdo when everyone's a fool Fuck a genie and three wishes! I just want a bottle, a place to write my novel I am like her-oin to those that hear a rhyme and think "How do you find this upper echelon this time?" Let's toast to better days  A beautiful mind and a flow that never age [Black Thought] Yo, I'm never sleepin like I'm on methamphetamines  Move like my enemy ten steps ahead of me Say my reputation precedes me like a pedigree Gentlemanly gangsta steez, beyond the seventies Holdin fast money without runnin out of patience Move in silence, without runnin up in places Cake by the layers, rich but never famous Hustle anonymous still remain nameless In hindsight, gold come in bars like a Klondike The minute before the storm hit is what I'm calm like Suited and booted for a shootin like it's prom night It's suicide, right? Pursuers tried like to no avail and a heroes what they died like I got 'em waitin on the news like I'm Cronkite Not in the limelight, or needed for the crime right No boasts, just bodied, chalked close to the line tight [Truck North] Yeah, outside where the killers and the dealers swarm and inside they dressed up like it's a telethon Black tie affair but they holdin heavy arms Straight cash with a stash in the cummerbund More Bacardi and the bouncers of the party hum Riots eruptin around and still we party on Made the quantum leap to a king from a pawn But it was destined the conclusion was foregone Serenade of the former slave promenade 'cause them long days in the sun, have now become shade So we doing high speeds in a narrow lane Say cheese, free fallin from the aeroplane Another feather in the cap, for all the years That we spent in luxuries lap without looking back 'Cause memories could sting like hornet Damn, it felt good to see people up on it~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Bilal Oliver, Greg Porn Album: undun Song: The OtherSide Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Black Thought] Yo, we obviously need to tone it down a bit Runnin 'round town spendin time like it's counterfeit Everybody catchin hay fever like sinuses Step in my arena let me show y'all who the highness is You might say I could be doing somethin positive Humbled head down low and broke like promises Soakin and broken in a joke like comics is Not enough paper to be payin folks compliments But when that paper got low, so did my tolerance And it ain't no TRUTH in a dare, without the consequence Listen if it not for these hood inventions I'd just be another kid from the block with no intentions On the dock of that bay, serving a life sentence Even if I'm goin to HELL, I'm gonna make an entrance Yeah~! Let 'em know I'm gettin cheese like omletes is but I'm the toast of the town like Thomas is [Chorus: Bilal Oliver]  We're all on a journey  Down the hall of memories Don't worry 'bout what you ain't got Leave with a little bit of dignity Never loved what I had Always felt like I deserved MO' But when I make it to the other side  (Make it to the other side) That's when we'll settle up the score [Black Thought] Yo, we did this in remembrance of  faces from the past, we no longer have an image of Carryin cold-blooded hearts, that never been for love Brothers keep goin for theirs but never get enough World travelers that seen it all and did enough Only to return to learn the world wasn't big enough Damn, how long has it been? I guess the jig is up Now all I know is I'm about to wake this nigga up Yeah, that hindsight 20/20  Now niggaz dead on the money, try to take something from me It's a wrap like mummy, undun I am becoming and When he's tired of runnin, through the layers of the onion He'll probably shed a tear, 'cause there'll be no more fast times Just his weak mind scrolled out like a bad sign He never had enough and got confused when they asked why Life is only a moment in time and it passed by [Greg Porn]  I'm sitting on top of the world ready to jump off Thinkin of various ways to breakin the law Thinkin that enough is enough, but still I want more Thinkin of how I'm playin with fire tht burned my young boy By any means necessary, don't give a damn So every night I'm on a flight that never lands Be an asshole when the shit hits the fan pr bet your life, on a bluff and a bad hand Can't win, can't lose, get 'em gassed  Leave 'em leakin fuel, either way the market moves Cash rules kings, queens, prince and princess Every night I'm crossin a line that ain't the finish Every thought is dark as a glass of fuckin Guinness To far gone to come back to my senses Now I'm on the edge of my bed makin love to my meds Every moments like a pistol to my head when I'm gettin mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Greg Porn Album: undun Song: Stomp Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] "It's about flesh and blood  It's about a heartbeat that beats, strong  It's about passion, that's unyielding  And I want you men to know today: it is your time  It is your HOUR, it is your moment  Go take it!" [Black Thought]  Yeah, speakin of pieces of a man Starin at a future in the creases of my hand It reads like a final letter, I'm leavin for my fam  but it's written, in language they will never understand A late repentant, never deviatin from a plan I drive by, headed for the Valley of the Damned The Wheels spin, I'm lookin for a sacrificial lamb then roll tactics like a soldier out in the Sudan Listen, was this a matter of flesh and blood? Yes it was Does it matter who win and lose? Yes it does It ain't about the most blessed love When you return to the essence, what is it back to the essence of? Greatness I wasn't in the prescence of 'cause you was fake and never measured up You just a nigga on his regular, but how far am I ahead of ya? It just as easily coulda been me instead of ya [interlude]  "We gon' fight 'til we don't fight no more  and when we can't fight no more, we gon' lie down  and BLEED a while, we gon' get UP, and fight some more  Now I want y'all to say it with me  Repeat after me when I say it, y'all:  WE GON' FIGHT~!" [Greg Porn] Fuck gettin fuck, Immaculate Conception Now what's beef ain't even a question Calico kisses, cold blood and crime tape Flirt with death, every night it's a blind date One night stand payback's a bitch She'll have you skinny dippin in a pool of your piss Blood sweat and tears, broken teeth and spit Put the barrel in your mouth, blow the devil a kiss Put the knife in ya back, cut down to the red meat Daddy should've let me be a stain on the bed sheets I'm one shot short of a Molotov cocktail Kick in the door like welcome to my world I'm an evil genius when it comes to this dumb shit Half of the time I'ma keep it one hundred Don't play chicken when I'm drivin them crazy Get hit in the wing, thigh, breast or drumstick, we like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: undun Song: Lighthouse Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Dice Raw] If you can't swizz-im then you're bound to drizz-own Passin out life jackets, 'bout to go di-down Get down with the captain or go down with the ship Before the dark abyss I'ma hit you wit this  Yo, if you can't swizz-im then you're bound to dri-down Passin out life jackets, 'bout to go di-down Get down with the captain or go down with the ship Before the dark abyss I'ma hit you wit, this  [Chorus: Dice Raw] And no one's in the lighthouse  You're face down in the ocean! And no one's in the lighthouse  and it seems like you just screamed  It's no one there to hear the sound And it may feel like there's no one there  that cares if you drown (Face down in the ocean!) [Dice Raw] Smokin cheap weed, sippin on cheap vodka You pick your poison down Davey Jones' locker It's rum we be wantin by the tons my consumption Take a look at my lungs and my liver, it's disgustin Take a look at the man in the mirror, we start fussin Only one person gets hurt when throwin the punches: Me And the man behind the glass just laughs The waves come over my head and just crash My hand start bleeding, water starts receedin A feeling comes into my heart I start believin that.. I actually might survive through the evening Survive on my own thoughts of suicide that's competin with thoughts of tryna stay alive, which been weakened by the feelin of putting on a smile while being beaten The fear of drowning, still divin in the deep end The waters carried me so far you can't reach 'em Man, it feels like there's no one... [Black Thought]  ...After the love is lost  Friendship dissolves and even blood is lost  Where did it begin? The way we did each other wrong Troubled water neither one of us could swim across I stopped holdin my breath, now am I better off? There without a trace and you in my head and all the halted motion of a rebel without a pause What it do is done, 'til you are dead and gone The Grim Reaper tellin me to swim deeper Where the people go to lo and behold, the soul keeper I'm not even breakin out in a sweat, or cold fever but I'm never payin up on my debt, or tolls either I'll leave the memories here, I won't need 'em If I, stop thinking and lie, now that's freedom Your body's part of the Maritime Museum and face down in the past is where I'm bein [Outro: Dice Raw] If you can't swizz-im then you're bound to drizz-own Passin out life jackets, 'bout to go di-down Get down with the captain or go down with the ship Before the dark abyss I'ma hit you wit this  Yo, if you can't swizz-im then you're bound to dri-down Passin out life jackets, 'bout to go di-down Get down with the captain or go down with the ship Before the dark abyss I'ma hit you wit, this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Jazzyfatnastees Album: undun Song: I Remember Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Black Thought] I drew a two of hearts from a deck of cards A stock trick from my empty repertoire Another hopeless story never read at all I'm better off lookin for the end, where the credits are It's a pain living life against the grain I'm lookin back and y'all look the same Troy, Mark, and lil' what's-his-name, memory is rerunnin it all It's the flight of my fall, and it's right on the wall [Chorus: Jazzyfatnastees] I remember, can you remember how it was? I do remember, do you?  I remember, can you remember how it was? I do remember, do you?  [Black Thought] I used to ride the train to the same two stops and look at the graffiti on the rooftops Like the same song playin on the jukebox Joint called "Faded Polaroids in a Shoebox" Regardless to what the cadence is It can't be forgotten like old acquaintances I realize how depressin of a place it is and when I notice my reflection, whose face it is {musical break} [Black Thought] It's only human to express the way you really feel But that same humanity is my Achilles' heel A leopard can't change his spots and never will So I'm forever ill, now I can never chill What's keepin me from breakin out like Benadryl when my baptism of fire resulted in a kill? Sometimes it's as cut and dry as a business deal You gotta cause the blood of a close friend to spill But you remember still... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: undun Song: Tip the Scale Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Dice Raw]  I'm a side of suicide: heads or tails Some think life is livin hell Some live life just livin well I live life tryna tip the scale  my way, my way my way, my way [Black Thought] Yo, I'm always early, I never take off  'cause I got a job: rob Peter to pay Paul Now I realize it's the winner that takes all Do what I gotta do, because I can't take loss Picture me livin life as if I'm some animal that consumes its own dreams like I'm a cannibal I won't accept failure, unless it's mechanical But still the alcohol, mixed with the botanical I guess I be referred to the owner's manual full of loaners Full of all the homeless throwaways and the stoners Soldiers of the streets with 8th grade diplomas and the world awaitin their shoulders as a bonus Look, let he without sin live without sin Until then, I'll be doing dirty jobs like Swamp Men Countin the faces of those that might have been It's like, livin that life but I won't live that life again [Dice Raw]  Lotta niggaz go to prison, how many come out Malcolm X? I know I'm not... shit, can't even talk about the rest Famous last words: You under arrest Will I get popped tonight? It's anybody's guess I guess, a nigga need to stay cunning I guess when the cops coming need to start runnin I won't make the same mistakes from my last run-in You either done doin crime now or you done in I got a brother on the run and one in Wrote me a letter he said, "When you comin?" Shit, man, I thought the goal's to stay out Back against the wall, then shoot your way out Gettin money's a style that never plays out 'til you in a box and your stash money's paid out The scales of justice ain't equally weighed out Only two ways out: diggin tunnels or diggin graves out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Scratch, TJ Swan Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Make the Music 2000 Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net Ladies and gentlemen, we got TJ Swan in the house tonight Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen Ladies and gentlemen, we got Rahzel in the house tonight Please enter your password [Verse 1] It's the human soundwave, straight out your comic book Sound effects blazin through your rhymin' book Just imagine, all the time it took, for me to master this The Art of Noise is hazzardous Imagine this, every sound from my lips At my fingertips I levitate the audience So ask Brooks and Dres who's got the effects More dark than Mardi Gras, rugged like Gortex Reach out and touch your whole crew like Nynex Sprint for the stage cause MC onyx Flip more connects than your internet Rhymes is on time, I'm always on-line Pump this in your Lex coupe, Benz, or Pathfind Reverse the third verse nigga, then press rewind [Chorus:] Make the music with your mouth (Rah-Razhel) Make the music with your mouth (Rah-Rahzel) Make the music with your mouth (Rah-Rahzel) You make the music with your mouth The music with your mouth [Verse 2] Yo yo, I'm takin the world by storm when I perform Arm arm, leg-a leg-a head, watch me transform (Transforming noises) Decepticons! Rainin' on your college ass, this goes on I'm animated, never dorm-ant, so change the format What I'm strong at, Mortal Kombat, so Cheech and Chong that (Fighting noises) Heh, brother damn you! Heh, seems you're pretty good with your kung fu! Now where's my Yong Fu at, my glass of cognac? Digital readout with a comsat, but I'm not that smart cat Let's track back, slick wanna eat that, you want my feedback? (Computer noises) Now let's delete that Now repeat that, I'm takin' the streets back like I'm sweep back Think you could beat that?  I'm bringin the heat back on the street track (Scratching) Marley Marl bring the beat back! [Verse 3] Rahzel, call me Optimus Prime Third verse, eight bars, ain't no stoppin this rhyme I did this years ago, I guess I'm ahead of my time Computerized, that's my mental design (?) short of Euclid, I'm runnin through clicks with a few tricks An accoustics, John Woo flicks on some new shit Heh, all I wanted was some rice cakes! Rahzel soundwave controllin' your whole tri-state [Chorus with variations, till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel  Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: All I Know Typed by: NaztyMuney@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash And now, Ladies and Gentlemen in your right corner Weighing in at an even 215 pounds Residing from the South Bronx Maintaning 39 wins, 40 knockouts, and no losses, It's the undisputed beatbox champion of the world!! Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X All I know That's a bad motherfucker All I know He's about to drop some shit now All I know [Rahzel] When I first came out, many couldn't catch my name Now worldwide, feel the affects, scratch my name Rahzel, now rewind that, (Gargling) slow it down, you'll find that the way I design that, and reverb behind that, not in my contract I'm bustin all over this bitch, while your girl cums Down with the Two-One-Fifth, Illadelph, Dy-Nast' R-double-O-T-S, no need to remind us You're far behind us, tryin to high beam, blind us Catching shinas from a nickle plated niner (Gun sounds) Blastin' holes in your designers This is for you primadonnas cause my persona's like pirhannas I got you second guessin and sweatin like saunas If you learned from the second lesson, no question you want it Change your facial expressions from minutes to seconds to longer God damn it feel good to see people up on it Chorus [Rahzel] Who's the man, Rahzel's the +Man+, so yo, pass the +Method+ 1200 styles, crush your crew without no effort Let me flip my, vocabulary, vocal acrobatics Smack up phone dramatics, I can jam like automatics Nine millimeter, twelve rounds, one in the chamber Russian Roulette, you can bet, there is DAN-JUR Number five in the Billboard, with the bullet One million, in my pile, you know the style, let me pull it cause I'm about to blast ya, take the mic, then harrass ya Switch up speeds, without the weed, then I'll pass ya Nineteen-ninety-nine, octane, because I gassed ya Watch me George Jet, on-you-son, like I'm NASA God damn, like to ?? compare on blaster ?? (shadowboxing sounds) It's the sound affect master "And I'll destroy anyone, who dares go against me" Chorus [Rahzel] I got your mouth wide open, just like the Grand Canyon I'm Trugoy, to this rap game, I got game Call me Denzel, with the rap name, I got aim "He's on FIRE!!" like a coal in a hot flame plus my Posdonuses, produces, your prognosis Kids doin the chronic from coast to coast kid Death, what the doctor ordered, so say, "Ahhh" Take you +Three Feet High and Risin+, like De La C'est la vie, I'm yo' super MC Got the S on my chest for you to buy my LP Check the outlets for cassettes and CD Sam Goody, Blockbustin' up your H M V Nigga please, ask yo mamma for some cheese Tell her need some restitution like them Vietnamese in Vietnam, cause Rahzel drops the bomb More complex than texts, in your Holy Qu'ran Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel  Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Carbon Copy (I Can't Stop) Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net [Chorus:] X 4 I can't stop I really don't care about those other carbon copies Don't stop Bobby, don't stop [Verse 1] Yo, I'm the microphone champi-on Any stage you get me on or let me on My ambi-once is one step beyond Then my song is a correspond with the audi-once Experi-once the Renaiss-once, my reson-once is really on Wonder Twin powers activate Put the tape on, I can take on any shape, form Size or weight, shape of Activation Voltron Imagine all the microphones in the world I spit it on Imagine the next MC step to me gettin' shitted on You can even ask the girl about the bed we did it on I hit it from the back to Marvin Gaye's Let's Get it On Don't get it wrong, give it a thong, she put it on, in uniform Sippin Don Periogne, Shawn Don, fillet mignon Long horns stick and move until the cameras come on Until the cameras are gone from there on, dusk till dawn Get your grind on, now put your panties back on Thank you for your cooperation Rahzel, on your Hot 97 station [Chorus] X 2 (Baby crying) [Woman]   Oh what's wrong Rahzel? You're trying to sing? Don't worry baby, when you grow up you're gonna be a star! [Verse 2] Yo, I'm one of the illest vocalists to ever turn the mic on Let me download my sound, catalog the microns (Computer noises) Turn your website on WWW dot transmission d-d-d-d-d-dot sitcom Got your girl buck naked on the cover, right on 3-d visually enhanced on your cd-rom EP-rom, erasable, programmable and only Memory accesible when you're pc's on We can battle for your soul like Ki Yong Song We can battle for your girl like Rae Dawn Chong Yo you're mother's so fat she wears a three piece thong Made of polyester-cryllic, rip stop nylon With a skully cap that stretches three feet long 98 degrees outside, with a sheepskin on I play you and your mom like Donkey Kong Check this out (Videogame noises) [Chorus] X 4 [Verse 3] Yo we got the hottest, wildest fiber optic Double O 7 James Bond, talkin in your watch shit Watch this, Baywatch shit Topless, there's no way you could stop this, spotless Keep the flame up in the cockpit (?) on some New Kids on the Block shit My worse man is nothin' but profit While you keep secrets and gossip The Officer, the Gentleman Chiseled out, President, call me Lou Gosset This is for the players who pop shit Frontin like you got shit PHD, without the doctrate If it wasn't for break beats, you'd be rhymin over my shit Often transformin on stage, the Super DJ 2000 beats per minute, with an arcade Round 1 fight, Street Fighter 3, pro tours with an upgrade Call the paramedics to fed-ex some first aid My cahlistenics been magnetic since first grade We can battle in the doorway or the hallway We can take the shit to the street, off and on Broadway We can battle where you buy your cheap ass clothes in front of  Comway We can battle in the passenger seat of your motherfuckin Hyundai [Chorus] X 4 [Chorus2 with variations til fade:] Doo doo doodoo doooo Doo doo doodoo doooo Keep it movin' We're movin' on It's time to get down Rahzel, Roots crew, what, yeah Uh huh, break it down what, Ice diggy  Hollis crew, Irv Gotti, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Slick Rick Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Night Riders Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {BZzT, BRRAAAP, TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Alright Rahzel you gonna be alright? {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Okay KITT {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	Turn into the car {Kashshshshh, *hydraulic noise*, *computer beeps*, kshs BZZZzt} [Rick]	KITT {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} [Rick]	It's Michael, a.k.a. Slick Rick the Ruler, you alright? {TRANZZ-FOR-MATION} {*Rahzel starts beatboxing*} [Rick]	Let's go 	Put my seatbelt on KITT 	Stop right here, where we at? 	Shotty part of Brooklyn it gets rough out here KITT (Michael's callin .. I have to go) 	I don't know how we gon' do this 	Wait right here, I'll be right back (Michael's callin .. I have to go) (Callin the Rick .. I have to go) [Slick Rick] Rap battle one two, one two, check it out All alone, gold song, like Mike Corleone Get a little ? while in the pen, still hold the throne Blood is the same for us to spill I give off the impression it's no thing for us to kill Around the way with -- street corner game, Pat Sajak Got kids to feed, you can't stop the paycheck! (Mhmm) A lettergram said that you're ahead of him Nowhere on the planet nigga can't rap better than So know that I'm the flyest, bypass by you and your tired-ass bow down to my ass I shit on a kid wanna vic wanted KITT What's ?? Slick Rick, this one is dead Life's finished, this rapper ?? Me and Rahzel on the record no cat career finished Jump in my car, better buckle up KITT, hurry, get me 'cross town to wreck another club Chorus: Rahzel and Slick Rick "For all of y'all, keepin y'all in health (to what?)  Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself" Rahzel, what's my name? {Ehh-ehh, ehh-Slick Rick} What's the timeframe? {SIX MINUTES TO DESTINATION} Set the hydraulics {Awwahha, "Ohh my gosh!"} and the low mileage, make sure the car's polished Got all the girls screamin just to hear me flow {Aha-wweeh, "Hereeeee we goooooooo..."} [Slick Rick] No not rich, old boy bougie Car KITT known to get Rolls Royce pussy In front of y'all opponent, the man be arrogant Is there some part of "I can slaughter anyone" that all you don't get? My records, are ??, how dare announce attack us Jack shit suave more debonaire about your black ass Slick pose with another gold hit By self eliminate a motherfucker whole click .. All assume in the cut Motherfucker even question if I'm human or not! Who that swingin in Seacaucus? The gorgeous, of course it's thoughtless, c'mon KITT, the King of New York is And now it's gettin kind of dark, ?? Westside Highway, park by the Tunnel Bad car horn oinks off the man's points Walk in, niggaz havin a ball off of Rah's joint Chorus 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Q-Tip * Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: To the Beat Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net * Rahzel does the beatboxing, Q-Tip does all the vocals To the beat (echoes) [Q-Tip talking] Uh, what, takin' you back. All the way back. On the Rahzel track. [Chorus:] X 2 To the beat, and let your mind flow To the beat, I let my mind go To the beat, it makes your mind flow To the beat (echoes) [Verse 1 (Q-Tip)] I let my m-i-i-i-i-i-i-nd flow, like a river But now, Red and Dead sea constantly I MC No conspiracy like Pope and Cons-tinople Makin' tracks by theyself, you know I bless a little vocal Artistry since constipated Nowadays we're with Rahzel, we're glad we waited Now we got you, right in the spot where we want it And every single negative vibe is confronted It's kinda ill when you let your music go free flowin Buildin' on improvised grounds and still growin People work hard, some wanna escape But yo we gotta face the music with ease and with grace Sometimes we look to jams for an inner inspiration Cause the lyrics and the rhythm are the music vibrations Makin things gel like a compound equation Mad sounds culminatin' for one sensation [Chorus] X 2 [Verse 2 (Q-Tip)] Lights, camera, action, get it on Watch the beatbox as he lets the sound form Ain't nobody iller than my man Rahzel So you other beat machines don't stress and get gel A very short suggestion is you go and work harder Give me a Break, my man is phat like Nell Carter With a brother like the (?) on top with the willy We the illy, he's phildeplh we the rusaphilly It's a thunderous move like a herd of elephants And it sounds real raw cause we in our element Like natural, never catch these kids on sabbatical Always up front tryin to give you what you want You see it's very crucial that we stand and deliver Always tryin to rise above and be a good figure And we hopin that you diggin on the rhymes that we wrote Better get yourself together, let's flow, come on [Chorus] X 4 [Rahzel beatboxes til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Aaron Hall, The Roots Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Suga Sista Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	[Aaron Hall] You know I love you baby.. suga sista You know I need you baby.. suga sista You know I love you baby.. suga sista You know I need you baby.. suga sista You know I love you baby.. suga SISTA!! You know I need you baby..  I just got home from off another world tour I'm outside, in the rain, it's beginnin to pour Can't understand why you changed the locks on the door Got all my drawers and socks outside on the lawn What's right is wrong, we used to make love to this song Twice as long, especially when the nights were long Suga even in the dark, or when the lights were on Sista even in the park, lover my life is gone I saw the flaws, now we both grabbin for straws over some love letters you found, in the top dresser drawer I'm missin you more, the sweet scent of Christian Dior Kissin you more, forever pro-missin you more We need to communicate and start listenin more Baby from experience, I've been through it before I found the message in a bottle washed up on the shore Signed from, Sincerely Yours, I can't take it no more 	[Aaron Hall] No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista Sugahhhhhh Sistahhhh! Another episode, had the keys to the Yukon Tried to call her on the celly but she didn't respond Had my finger on redial now I'm callin her moms Kept gettin the voicemail now I'm losin my calm Though she's probably with the next man, wrapped in his arms Probably caught up in the mix, where she didn't belong On the topic of trust, misgivings was leading me wrong On the topic of us, misgivings was treating me wrong Reading me wrong, now we not getting along You never miss a good thing baby until it is gone The thrill is gone, you can hear my heart, spill on this song Wishin Once Upon a Time could stand still on this song If the feelings is strong, then a countermove would be wrong If the feelings is gone, then you know it's time to move on If the feelings is torn, then I was right all along If you think that I'm wrong, then pick my drawers off the lawn 	[Aaron Hall] No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista (Sista.. Sista..) No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista Suga Sista, Suga Sissss [Black Thought] At first I came to a halt, it was your fault Had me frozen on the avenue just watchin you walk Up in your presence I was caught, breath, becomin short I had to step to this to let you know you had my support I said, "I'm Black Thought, from out the 2-1-5th Maybe you heard about the Dynasty I do run with Me and The Roots done ripped, from Illadel' across the planet Ya see, we on some shit some find it hard to understand it But back, to what you all about or how you are at What type of Science did you Knowledge was your mental intact?" To converse, at first, let me know you knew the day and time I had to catch you, mentally makin you mine while I'm lookin at you, physical chiseled that of a statue Type of shit to make you travel from Philly to the Big Apple It feels kind of crazy, reminiscin back through No need to sweat the backturnin, keep it on the true and actual As I get into your thought, for all infinity Shower you in masculinity, reinforcin your sense of femininity, bless you with this, the true indentity Nothin but respect in your vicinity Since, the Suga Brown from the level of Foun-dation of ground so together we forever bound We could make, heavenly sounds like a musical blend throughout the bad times and beautiful things, it's like that 	[Aaron Hall] No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista (I'll never turn my back on you, SUGA SISS!) No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista (Suga Sista, Suga Sista, Suga Sista, Suga Sissss-tah  My Suga, Sista, yeah yeah) No I'll never turn my back on you I never wanna do you wrong, Suga Sista {* music and vocals fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rahzel f/ Erykah Badu Album: Make the Music 2000 Song: Southern Girl Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Rahzel]: (Erykah): *Rahzel makes the beat with mouth* (Hmm) Yeah, show you right Come on [Erykah] Sing a lang sang, sing a lang song Sing a lang sang, sing a lang song Sing a lang sang, sing a lang song Twang, twang, twang, twong I'm from the South I'm a Southern Girl Home of the burnin church Don't know much about the world Home of the pocket stones Home of the booty songs Home of the finger wave that lasts All night long Home of the "On & On" Home of the dominoes Home of the two piece and the cat fight Home of the teeth that's gold Home of the never miss Home of the platinum hits I'm a Southern Girl (Southern Girl) Countryfied Everything I eat is fried Gotta Southern drawl I'm so country y'all Well that's way down South Yeah it's way down low Check my Southern fried style And my Southern flow (Southern Girl) Countryfied I like my Tofu fried Got about a hundred friends That ain't caught on to trends Don't know about the internet (mm-hmm) Don't know about the radio (mm-hmm) Don't know about the television All I know is bout my flows My kinfolk sent me out to make money for the house Hooked up with my boy Rahzel I sho' hope the record sell (Southern Girl) Southern Girl, in a rocky world Fly as a bumble bee (buzz) Can't nobody fuck with me I'm a Southern Girl From way down South Got a dirty wave Cause I got a dirty mouth, dirty South (Southern Girl) Twain tiki lang tanga tang tiki tiki (Southern Girl) Twain twain twain ta tong Sounding like a (Southern Girl) Twain tiki tang, tang tatang ding ding (Southern Girl) Ding Dingading dong, Big "D" Lil' A, double-L. A. Big "D" Lil' A, double-L. A. Big "D" Lil' A, double-L. A, Ssssss 	{Badu is spelling Dallas: Big D, Lil'A, double-L, A, Ssss} Mmm, mmm, mmm Yes sir Get them chickens out the yard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & BT Album: Blade 2 Soundtrack Song: Tao of the Machine Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist Come on, how you want it, how, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, how you want it, yo We got to get started We got to get started We got to get started Come on, come on, come on, come on What y'all did it ain't ???? I see some of y'all thirsty for it Straight frontin y'all When it come down to the combat dawg I'm a workaholic My swags, dutches, every enemy within my clutches Black bringin that ruckus And I'm puttin that ? on all you suckers Black, your bone crushes every oponent suffers Your tone rushers from ? Don't you like percussion Don't lose your life for nothin You want don't try to touch him No competition, listen, this ain't open for discussion How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, you want it How you want it, come on How you want it, wait it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it Come on, you want it, come on We got to get started, started We got to get started, yeah We got to get started, started, started Come on you want it, want it Come on you want it, want it Come on you, come on you, come on, come on, come on My sound ?? each other foul Scissors ain't holdin ? value of electrifyin This is you mortify Pressurize best of ride We slid in through the next to mention time to exercise Recognize This ? tangle yours Mingle ? this ? venue This trick's on your state of mind Somebody's watchin you Just look you'll learn a lot Cos only one survive No use of lyin to yourself and statin eye to eye How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it How you want it, come on How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it Come on, you want, yo We got to get started, started We got to get started, yeah We got to get started, started, started Come on, come on, come on, come on We got to get started, started We got to get started, yeah We got to get started, started We got to get started Uh, come on, you want it, want it Black, your bone crushes Every oponent suffers Your tone rushes From brunches don't you like percussion Don't lose your life for nothin You don't wanna try to touch him No competition, listen This ain't open for discussion How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it, how you want it, come on How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it How you want it, come on, how you want it, want it Come on, how you want it, how, come on, you want it Want it, how you want it, come on How you want it, want it, come on, you want it How, come on, you want it, want it How you want it, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Musiq Album: Break You Off 12" Song: Break You Off (Single Version) Typed by: bigdanny50@hotmail.com [Chorus: Musiq (Black Thought)] Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....we started-started..) Comin to break you off (we started.....comin to break you off) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (tell em to work it, work it, out... tell em to work it out) Comin to break you off (we started.....comin to break you off) Yeah Baby [Black Thought] Bad misses throwin raspberry kisses on me You looking for direction girl, I feel your vision on me Just dont let him see you sweatin, we aint 'spose to be involved Knowing when we get it off, girl I mean it all Keeping you fiending 'til you taken and tossed And when I'm breaking it off, its no denying the fact - it's wrong 'Cause you got a man who's probably playing his part You probably breaking his heart, He trying to figure the reason you gone Is it 'cause he's superficial, or is he too submissive Or did I come along and hit you with the futuristic Or is it 'cause you really couldn't see a future with him All he about is paper, never took the time with you to listen You want it gripped up, flipped, and thrown An' get stripped and shown, the way to get in the zone - of course ...Dealing with this wont be taking a loss You need to leave him alone And roll with the one who breaking you off... [Black Thought] Rollin down the highway, listening to Sade sing The way the "Smooth Operator" move my way You sitting beside me looking like Friday Foster,  Pam Grier structure - look at your body Keep each other thirsty, kisses like Hershey But lips is sealed cuz we don't need a controversy I say I'm in town, you say you want it in the worst way? You probably told your man it was your mother's birthday Meanwhile it's champagne chillin in ice You ready for the freakiest things you've done in your life We break it down like road dogs pulling a heist You makin sounds like the vibe gotcha reaching your height Prepare for flight, this is your captain I'm getting strapped in There's no denying the strength that it's attraction - girl working with this you won't be taking a loss So stop fooling your man  And roll with the one who's breaking you off [Musiq (Bridge)] Baby, baby, baby... Don't you worry bout (no babe) nothing cuz I'm comin to... Handle you no doubt Whenever you want that thing you need (I got it) and then I aim to please I'm coming over to give it to you babe (babe) [Chorus (w/ random Black Thought adlibs)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Brown Sugar Soundtrack Song: Act Too - Love of My Life (Remix) Typed by: Sprewelld8@aol.com (breathing over beat) Hip Hop Hip Hop (x15) [Black Thought] Aiyyo, the anticipation arose as time froze I just stared down the aisles with my eyes closed and jumped straight into the crime code, I just did it you trying to hear that heat right? Yup, well let's get it My desire to groove was overcomin' my fears I got a P;anet Rock record I stole from blairs I feing to throw a DISCO in my room upstairs put the needle to the record let it soothe my ears it goes: "Party People this groove is so sonic we feining to get you high as a kite with no chronic" who can tell at the top, but it's better than brain but I fell in love with the culture, was never the same Remember All Stars in Ti Sweats and young rhymthm round the projects trying to chill cause my name on my buckle and my style is Ill cause I got you in my system and refine the skill You like my life soundtrack, my personal theme joint that knock for me ever since I burst on the scene yo it's like gimme the music and I make it my wife (Chorus) hip hop, you the love of my Life (aiyo) tell the people like that what (aiyo) (hip hop over chorus) and it sounds so tight, hip hop you the love of my life we fein' to take it to the top love it's like that love, and it sounds so tight hip hop you the love of my life we fin to take it to the -  take it to the - to the - to the - to the (hip hop) [Black Thought] Yo, when I was 9 years old, I realized there was a road at the end thered be a lot of studios and shows I had to pump my brakes and learn from my mistakes took time to create so that y'all could relate to be a pioneer it takes work for years and sometimes I Seen things that'll jerk your tears I been through hard times, many rocks to climb trying to take it from the bottom to the top of the line with fam and the same shorty from the two dollar jam that used to rock Sergios in the B-girl stance Polly rocking door knockers with her hair in the twist with the ill Michael Jackson wrist band on her wrist before we ever shook asses and the watched the cells we used to sing "LODI DODI" and "ROCK THE BELLS" and you can mash up in the party til the early mourn' without your BALI shoes getting stepped on even though we from the city - the Crime and Grime yo I grew up around the times of BEATS AND RHYMES I remember late nights rockin without a mic hip hop u the love of my life (repeat chorus X 2) (hip hop hip hop) - (over scratches and effects) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw Album: Distortion to Static 12" Song: Distortion to Static (Freestyle Mix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Black Thought] Ayo I'm just a lyracist, marijuana commenced My personna is blissed, the most pure connoisseur Of literature, that beast on the mic, like a dinosaur Making y'all want more as we enter the encore Kid I'm every MC, it's all in me For all eternity I represent in southern Philly Indeed as I thought I proceed and make MC's bleed Fake MC's need to take heed The essence of my presence is a seed Kid I got styles you wouldn't believe ?Impress my rap league? The Roots poetic and you're pathetic I'm laughing at MC's paragraph, illiterates can't read Or can't seem to conceive, or construct a product That don't suck, but record companies do not give a FUCK That's why forever after you will hear the laughter As I flip the rap chapter you'll be on your back after It's the master microphone magician Do work that make the people listen Thoughts in mind glisten as your rhyme's missing Hold tight, let's do this right Cause I can see we got a lot of MC's that need insight tonight It's like...   "Ayo I'm every MC, it's all in me" *vocally scratched by Rahzel* [Malik B] Now if your vision's still blurry, I'm a underline the turns Flip the page, synonyms, your minimum, wage So I's a cash it, Black Thought, my squad so niggas blast it In sections, no questions get asked Still no sequel, equality means equal Cause equality is we I enter your dimension with my tension Cause I rhyme in such a non-tense, niggas will mind this Illadelphiatic, my culture might approach ya when I distort to static If it's drama let's have it Broke, you're selling coke, then you know my staff will grab it Then drive off in traffic, with the paper mathematic But back to the topic, The Roots dropping shit upon your optic Quite clever, like the right weather Every (every) body (body) it's not like the Hills of Beverly These creeps you niggas never see Get the picture? Here's a mixture of a medly Peace to the players on Smedely Baby, they say weak threats and you wonder what's next   "Ayo I'm every MC, it's all in me" *vocally manipulated by Rahzel* [Dice Raw] One time, for the mind when I exact The lyrical styles of a contact like karate I'm driving down the streets in a Mazeratti pimping your hottie I'm living snotty, buying the clothes of John Gotti An ill brother, want to test me kid? I'm an ill nigga Wear only Tommy Illfiger, so go figure I'm a bad brother, word to mother You can never touch me with lyrics that's sloppy I'm like a prophet and you can't stop me I prohecy my prophecil is prophecized by D.Z. I see he, R-A-W, who the fuck are you? Any other way I roast your ass at a barbeque Split Skittles, my dick on you will get split from your toes to Your wig, aww shit, here comes Dice Raw The kid who never took a bad fall On "The Lesson," rapping is my profession You can never censor me out with parental discretion Lyrically I get toxic with rappers My nuclear weapon a missle, keep it over my back In a holster, pimping the wack MC's like hoes to I'm broke like your mom's toaster You can't fade me or degrade me, lyrically I get excellent, B You want to reach my planet where I'm hard like granite? Packing motherfuckers up, and freaky like Janet You could never touch me, son When I always represent and get the job done Logan Valley represent, peace to my niggas M.A.R.S. I'm hitting you over your head making you see stars So back up, don't make me act up, you'll get smacked up Physically backed up and sold to grey bands in Southville Well I mean Northville I get ill, and I kill at WILL!   "Ayo I'm every MC, it's all in me" *Rahzel does his thing*   "Dice riggedy Raw!" *scratched by the one and only Rahzel* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Amel Larrieux Album: Down to Earth soundtrack Song: Glitches Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com Chorus [Amel Larrieux] You live, you die And spend the years in between asking the question Why you've been through what you been You lose, you win You even pay for other sins But you most always adore the skin you are in [Black Thought] I woke up and it was pouring down rain I put my head on, it really wasn't no thing One of them days I was feeling immune to the pain Threw on, Alice Coltrane, smoked and sang And wrote this flame compused to the rhythm of the droplets And went whispering simliar to gossip The kick slapping at the window glass Slow down the globe so it don't spin too fast Because, I been running like a river since The age of my early innocence It just made me ambitious My grams used to tell me "Man listen, If you can't burn, don't step into the kitchen" You muscle your turn, the laws of the land viscious We gotta stick to the plan, which is Pursuing true riches, whether we trade stock or wash dishes Throughout setbacks and few glitches The Big Picture's the focus, fuckin being hopeless Or helpless, we not selfish so we wrote this Give it to ya, make you feel good Know what I'm talkin about? C'mon Chorus [Black Thought] Yo from the parquet floors to the fifty foot ceiling I pull the heavy black curtain back, now revealing The sun beneath the velvet, and like it was mine No one elses, embracing the beams yo, I felt it And stood there, feeling it, getting charged Turn me loose upon the streets, a young poet at large Out in the world, up against tremendous odds Some'll let it break em and throw in they cards But my squad remain focus when we goin for ours And we don't, do it for chains or do it for cars And we don't, do it for lames or do it for broads And we don't, do it for fame, we do it because It's for the young black gifted mind Living the story of the most twisted kind Turbulent times swirled around they dome like a turban It gets disturbing, feelin alone in the urban But maintain ya grip for just a little bit I'd tell you it's all good but that's bullshit Let's just try to feel good, yeah...know what I'm talkin bout [Amel Larrieux] A spirit knows we're meant to blow A ? rose by the seat of your soul You past it all and seeds your soul Are destined to grow even after you go Chorus 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Thought (The Roots) Album: Hardware 12" Song: Hardware Typed by: schu@mailbox.sc.edu (Do it right.) Chorus  Pull out the hardware Let's do it right (right.) Aiyyo, do it right y'all Here we go, check it out Subzero, cold from the Krush intro The temperature alone shatter weatherproof window We move at adrenaline rush tempo And leave y'all rappers screamin' about Who stepped on toes and cut ya throat So what, you can't fuck wit though You know it's me and that poetry to add injury to insult When Thought begin The what and the when The why and the when A be explained Music ease the pain  Seize the brain The flow's like sex in the rain Hit 'em like they hit the projects wit the crane Hit 'em like they hit the black man wit the blame Hit the people like I'm bustin a gauge wit good aim Tell 'em bang this, dangerous masterpiece It's not a game to heat, pulsate through each vein Stimulate the ghetto, that's the reason 'Riq came It feel so surreal it's hard to keep sane Unplug me, seems like it's raw, get ugly I come to operate, just shine the spotlight on me Just make a little noise if the crowd love me The way I do it make these other rappers sound funny Chorus (2x) Do it right y'all Yo, do it right y'all Yo it's like wassup, everybody wanna get nice But everything come at a price It's like everybody got they own vice, mine weed and the mic And women that I need in my life Some strung out on religion and believing in christ Next man need the money, stay pullin a heist While this other wanna fiend, stay huffin the pipe While this next wanna fiend, stay fuckin ya wife Try to give the youth advice, and guiding light Young boys in the street getting high tonight Young brothers upstate hype, tryin to fight Real bitter cause they niggas ain't fly my kite What I do is for them chain cigarette smoke heads wit bad nerves Old men in the barbershop using bad words For people in the darkness, unseen and heard, for HIP-HOP Don't get the meanin slurred My flow disturbed Presence is the most preferred I descend upon Japan in a (?glowing bird?) Talk hustle, about 4 million served Still swerve, directing y'all, life spills, word jus. Chorus (2x) Do it right y'all Yo, do it right y'all Aiyyo, when the fifth come thru it's like amazing grace Slow motion like you in some shit that may have been laced Standoff at the door when I step in the place It's like the law comin' try and pepper spray in your face If you a weak nigga stay in ya place My name 'Riq, when I speak Thoughts travel at alarming rates Come on, stomp wit The Roots I step into the vocal booth Armed to the tooth Cause the people want truth We all want clothing and food, and wanna root So I stand up say what I say in front of you Comin thru, feelin something new, chill for a few I know you probably wanna keep it real for ya crew So pull out the hardware, do what you tryin to do So I can grab the mic, and do what I'm dyin to do The turntableist, Krush on the 1 and 2 And it ain't no need to tell you my name, you know 'Riq jus. Chorus (3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw and Shanky Don Album: High School High Soundtrack Song: The Good The Bad and the Desolate Typed by: nelly@itis.com Shanky Don Intro: Now this one is dedicated to the good the bad and the desolated. And The Roots crew you know them lyrically orientated program you lose in life instantly ? we're like acid we burn you. Watch a rude bwoy now.  Black Thought: Yo you should see some of these cats that vocalize They get props from they local guys and try to raise  Speaching through the mic like "Yo I apologize" They blind and wasn't as wise and fail to realize the com- Plectual sexual side of the rhyme When I make love to the mic the crowd respond Your promoter love the vocal over dub when I control the club  So throw your hands up in the air show your love We waste not the bangingest beats but make use The Roots get you open like parachutes Yo who in the house only deal with hip hop that's authentic? Back to renovate your state of mind for a minute It's I, Bad Lieutenant represent fine lye Delphia empire fifth dynasty Your third eye couldn't wait for you to relate to what I activate While the fake spectate  I'm less then immpressive for beyond stressin' And battle as a reveloutionary adolescent  But now in the present with fake masters of ceremonies yo that's phoney You'll get capped with colonial force that of a cannon Examinin the compact disc to start rammin' To put the diagram in effect and get fly On immature MC's who try  Wake 'em up outta they High School High Shakny Don: Yo bumbading bumdadabedang The Roots crew boy we mash things again Bumbading ripapadededang The Roots crew bwoy we runnin' back again Bumbading dumdadadedang The Roots boy dem run the island Bumbading ripadededang look ? I mash up the scene Malik B (M-illa-tant): I blast off the roof to prove she lay in there blazed Enslaved by the soundwaves as the skills amaze Insight skin type annalitic cause I live it  My ? brow pivot over your style like "give it" The lyricism I'm contemplatinng your neighborhood or legion Brutalize your section stalk your whole region When you blink it's hell then you drink Sifendale You wonder what's goin' inside of my thinkin' cells We bomb like militias I'm trying to stack riches Look first comes the money the power then the (?) They all will bring you down but I Milliant the sound  With a bargaid of pirate raps that's running through your town  Surrounded by a wise dome my ledge knows horizons I keep at a distance confused and feel cyclones You know I'm trying to make it because I probably take it Hustlin' stickin' pickin' it or scrape it Tracks appeal that's why I'm trying to mack a mil I stay sedated worth a Zantac that's a pill It gets hectic that's why niggas try to exit Stress relates to those who walk around protected Shanky Don: Yo bumbading ripadingdedingdedang  The Roots crew man dem mash up the scene Bumbading bumdadadedang The Roots crew man is running back again Bumbading ripadingdedingdedang The Roots crew man them come back again Bumbading bumdadadedang The Roots crew man they run the islang Dice Raw: Naw nigga what's up then? Thanks for the man outroduction Go ask your girl inside my world is the duction No frontin' finger on the button of destruction Play nice like entice and keep your styles on the hush and Step inside the illafifth dungeon Where it smells of pungent  The underwater the brotherly lovin'  Where crabs get knocked out respect from  Brought back to the lab were the scientist will dissect 'em The old heads sniffin' start bitchin' when we testin' Interupting my class when my class is in session Was when I manifestin' or come to teach a lesson  What's inside of my dome I'll have all you clones guessin' Lets begin as the color gets tossed in with the pen It feels good that's when you know it's a sin Everytime I rhyme I might get charged for murder Slicing your back with rap turn a brain into burger Lyrically I shot with radioactive waves  Like Kolby   and Big Kev on fridays Your styles older than dolo we on the top of ?   Claim to gettin' over but you ain't makin' quota Shanky Don: Bumbading bumdadadedang The Roots crew man they mash up the lane Bumbading bumdadadedang this a poor rap boy you might not see again Bumbading bumdadadedang The Roots crew man they run things again Bumbading bumdadadedang Rufugee Camp step on thee scene Bumdading bumdadadedang Artist: Common, Dice Raw, Flo Brown, Jazzyfatnastees, Mos Def, The Roots Album: The Hurricane soundtrack Song: Hurricane Typed by: popsie@home.com Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind [Black Thought] Yo, talk about paying the ultimate price Hurricane been incarcerated all of his life Started out at like twelve  Trapped in a belly of hell Grew into a man inside of a cell Yo, anger just swell up At a early age that develop Hot head and now it ain't shit y'all could tell him They said he's on a road to become a felon But instead he swung blows that'll spilt your melon He did his thing and was the king of the ring, undisputed Started making noise but they tried to mute it They put him through it For him to make the system look stupid, [yo] They rather look you in the face and shoot it And leave your spot looted [or what] Or leave your whole life blank futured and caught When you scream at it and do it With sweat leaking from the outline of your soluid Don't understand the point that you at Or how the hell you came to it? Flashback to images of that night, out in Patterson They pulled him over heading home from a gathering And when they told him the charge it kind of baffled him Murder in the first for the champ, we on that again? Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever Could ya'll stand the weather? You built for that weather? Yo, know what'm saying? Know what'm saying? [Common] You gotta fight for what you believe in Nobody knows the troubles seen This flick left me wondering 'What can become of kings and young kids?' Summer dream deferred, incident occured, freedom blurred A freedom that would only be retrieved again in words, later on The cops, y'all know what they be on A nigga's life is like a field that they play upon, away and gone from Natural lifer, a soul he had to fight, Learn it himself, sleep days, stay up half the night Amongst dead man walking, he got afterlife exercising, Developing his knack to write Never leaving his cell, in this world he trapped himself What he loved on the outside world, detached himself You know the cards Blacks get dealt by the system He drew a picture of freedom with many dimensions This picture proved to be bigger than Black and White A young soul named Lesra brought him back to life It's amazing to a man what a book could do And how certain books seem to look for you This is the story of a champion's fall and rise The story left me wiping my eyes Peace Ru Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, forever, imagine your locked down forever      Could y'all stand the weather? Could you hold it together? You tell me that you know the pain Yo, imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever and ever yo, locked down forever Could you stand the weather? Yo, yo i can't even explain the pain Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Mos Def] Yes, I am the inescapable, the irresistable, The unnegotiable, the unchallenged [who dat?] I am time I scroll in measurements, control the elements, I hold the evidence, I tell the story [say what?] I am time I know no prejudice, I bare no sentiments For wealth or settlement, I move forward [who you?] I am time You can't recover me, conceal or smuggle me, Retreat or run from me, crawl up or under me, You can't do much for me besides serve Me well and have good dividends returned to you Or attempt to kill me off and have me murder you Many have wasted me but now they are facing me, Treated me unfaithfully and now endure me painfully Plaintively, I wait to see what history will shape to be, Who's hearts will never die inside the sake of me Angel's scribe the page for me, Keep a full account of all the names for me And make a special mark for Hurricane who (?) patiently Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Yo, yo, a Hurricane forever, Imagine your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain Imagine if your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine your locked down forever and ever, ever Could you hold it together? Yo, can't explain the pain with words, know'm saying? Just imagine if your life was like a hurricane [Verse 4] The clouds clashed and the heaven's gave birth to star God placed it in a man on the day he was born Convicted minutes after, a true natural disaster Framed for manslaughter, the Hurricane Carter rising From out the south water, like torrential rains In the ring no opponent escaped unscathed You can't believe the world we live in's injust All I see is more proof, there's no place for us They had my man Carter locked in a cage, like an animal Drive him to the point where the mind work mechanical Or works by remote control  It was done to all of us, they tapped directly into our soul Either it's sing-sing, or it's bars around your mind There's no where to run, no where to hide In a six-by-six a guilty man cries For repentance and lost is what innocence is Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Chorus Hurricane Accuse a Hurricane Ain't change a damned shame It's life for Hurricane, Hurricane [Black Thought] *overtop of sung chorus* Your locked down forever      Could you stand the weather? Could you hold it together? I can't even explain the pain, know'm saying? Your life was like a hurricane, a hurricane Forever, imagine behind bars forever Could you stand the weather? You built for that? Is you cut for that? Don't be telling me that you know the pain Your life was like a hurricane, yo Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the bilnd Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind Same story, same target, different time Cyclical reaction from the prisoners of the blind Trying to fight time, it's a battle of the mind Waiting for redemption, surviving in a bind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: In Tha Beginning...There Was Rap Song: The Show Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Intro: Ladies and gentlemen The greatest stage show you've ever witnessed Appearing live, from out the 2-1-5, The Roots crew Verse 1: Big respect to the Get fresh, yes Have you ever seen a show and fellas on the mic make one minute rhymes that don't come out right (They bite) Aiyo, they never write (That's not polite) Word up, am I lyin? (Nah, you're quite right) Well tonight on this very mic you're about to hear We swear, the illest star rappers of the year So so, cheerio, yell, scream "Bravo" Also, if you didn't know it's The Roots Show Verse 2: Yo Rahzel (Wassup?), put your Wallies on (Yo 'Riq, I was about to but I need a shoehorn) Why's that? (Cos these shoes always hurt my corn) Six minutes, six minutes, six minutes Roots crew, you're on Uh uh on, uh uh on, uh uh-uh uh-uh uh uh on Uh uh on, uh uh on, uh uh-uh uh-uh uh uh on Here we go, (here we go), come on, (come on) Here we go, (here we go), come on, (come on) (Yo 'Riq, where's Malik?) Aiyo, the brother is late Told him the time, oh, I forgot the date (Man, you did it again) Oh no! (Here we go), come on (Here we go), come on (Here we go, did we miss the show?) No, no no nono, no we didn't, w-w-w-word No nono nono nono, no we didn't, w-w-w-word No we didn't, (Well don't get us wrong) Excuse but um, excuse but umm, excuse Roots crew you're on Uh uh on.... Verse 3: Well it, started on Osage Avenue When we came up with the squad that's called The Roots crew It was me, Qwest Kemal, Hubbard and my man Malik- B, and Rahzel from the NYC Who used ta, scratch and sing, make sounds and things For example, check out this telephone ring *telephone ring* (Hello? Hello? Can I speak to Rahzel? (No, he's not in right now) Well anyway, no more delay Just peep out the ill my man display But'cha gotta be (fresh), Rahzel'll rock (fresh) like D-O-U-G-I-E (fresh) And I'm known for the....... and not for the........ Rahzel the Godfather, the entertainer No other title could fit me plainer In the past generation, I am the remainder And I'm also known as the beatbox trainer Cashin cheques, makin sound effects After I finish rockin, Black Thought is up next Well here's a lil' sometin that needs to be heard Rah, I was headin Uptown, (Word 'Riq), word (Chillin) and all alone, no one to be with Hopped up on the train headed for 2-5th and saw this pretty girl (what?), so I sat beside her Then she went (*roar*) like she was Tony the Tiger I said "Oh no, there's been a mistake Love, my name is Black Thought, not Frostie Flakes" (Oh, golly wally) Well, she was raisin hell She said "Aah, my name is Maggie but call me Michelle" *something in reverse* Check it out, Roots crew and yeah, we rock the house, y'nahI'msayin? And when I'm on the mic, there won't be no delayin So bust a move, we show and prove Yo Rahzel, do that record Jam on the Groove Outro: As you can see, most definitely The Roots are.... Come up Rahzel, come up Illa Del Come up ?UESTLOVE, and then come on up Hub Come up Malik B, and then behind him D Come up Dice Raw, the 5th Dynasty and Black Thought sendin out a shout to the Get Fresh Crew and Doug E. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: J. Period Presents... Wake Up! Radio Song: Our Generation (J. Period Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, kirenamloh@msn.com [John Legend - Intro] Good morning! This is Wake Up! Radio  with John Legend & The Roots and J. Period, Wake Up! [Martin Luther King, Jr.] Let us realize that, we don't have to hate As we try to, straighten this situation out {"Straighten it out so everybody know" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Thought Album: Late Night with Jimmy Fallon episode 6/20/2013 Song: Tariq's Mario Rap Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Black Thought] Shigeru Miyamoto hero, you can call me those From where my inspiration comes, nodoby knows But I kept my pockets +Double Stuf+ like Oreos Since creating the digital kingdom of the Marios It all began on Donkey Kong He was just a jumpman gettin his monkey on and tryna save Daisy, was makin him crazy He's come a long way since those 8-bit 80s' But who knew in the future he be killin Gombas And scoopin Princess Peach from King of the Koopas We threw a cape on his back, and he became Super These are the life and times of the mushroom trooper His brother's a coward Could be divine intervention from a higher power But Mario defends Luigi spittin fire flowers And it's weird that it's been all these years Since he originally appeared, but Mario's still here Classic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Thought, Common, Pharoahe Monch, and Absolute Album: Lyricists Lounge Vol. 1 Song: Live From the D.J. Stretch Armstrong Show 	with your host Bobbito the Barber Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *after 2 minutes of talking* [Bobbito] Yo so let's get the mic burned, open it up [Black Thought] Yes I, check it out It's like, you listen to the musician Umbilicle mic, my syllable strikes ya vision I take you through a tunnel of thought, wit no support Now you got caught off guard, by the number one scar for the Illa-Fifth Lyrically for feelin this, Black Thought yo the skill assisted By the Mal-ik B, the symbol you remember me to be type valid Disasterous, the master just bust this, for the listener Black Thought yo, while I exhibit the Styles, from the artist, boast strokes of lyrical darkness, enter the style Severin rooms just like apartments, ill flavor I'm a skyscraper by nature Down wit my number one neighbor, Common >From the city of Illinois, you destroy when we bombin, what? Off the top-a, the dome lyric-al don-datta Mr. Trotter Aiyyo we gotta lotta MC's, on the line of this ready to rhyme So I'm just gon' set go down wit mine, rewind, check it out [Common] I persue sound fairs, relaxed like Dru Down's hair Other niggas rhymes are like gang signs, I throw down theirs On Knotts I Landed, players get played like Hamlet Supposedly nice, taken for granted like life I write twice and drop singles in record pools Niggas I'm dunkin like when cops mingle, fuck hip hop jingles Rhymin big words and not sayin shit The click that you came in wit, the accent you flavor whipped I got my nigga Tariq, I freak it in the middle of the week Niggas is weak an' and I start to speakin Niggas start to leakin, my nigga Derek D an' I'm foreseein the future, funky for human beings Like I was the Biz Mark, I bring the noise iller Com Sense'll be the rhyme killer, I spill a Little bit of juice to a MC who need a new producer Got my nigga Y-Not in the spot and I rock like crack I'm ready to attack, Thoughts is Black Niggas understand the intelligence and relevance to this rhyme I Stretch a nigga all across the line like I was Bobbito or Armstrong Com's song'll keep goin, I start the holdin My flowin is turnin to earth The birth is comin through, listenin to cut old school *laughin* ?Tremblin when it came down the shoot? [Pharoahe Monch] (Pharoahe) Yeah yeah (Pharoahe) yeah yeah (Pharoahe) yeah yeah yo Always beginnin em, forever blendin them, bendin em again and again Sendin em back, lettin em know that minimum wages Subliminally befriending em for criminal ac-tivity Mics I chop like Florida State Seminoles wit criminal facts And milly ac-tually I piss on your promotional wax It'll be tight but only this, what nigga swears he's the nicest Just because he got rhyme of the month twice Four mic devices, the gem star blade the shit slices Rip-trip-chop-chop-chop and dices, Absolute Absolute uh, Absolute uh, Absolute uh (kill it) [Absolute] Yes, rippin the microphone My words will enlight your dome When I'm quick to strike your home just like Capone N-Noreaga, wit The War Report, my orrator will slaughter yours Still waitin for the beat to come in, I'm dangerous like Satan Eatin bacon in front of a Muslim, I'll battle you and your cousin It's the beef for black attack When I, yes quick to subtract the wack When I go from track to track, bouncin in the mounds and coutin Flowin like water from a fountain when I deliver Like water from a river makin you shiver That's for sore, the connoisseur rippin ill-literature Yes, but I'm about to get deeper You'll catch a ill reflection from listenin too close to the speaker When I reach ya, it's gettin more clearer, outta the era [Black Thought] It's like this, we keep you open like a parachute Took a shot of hip hop, it's Absolute For my man from the House of Representatives And turn it out, aiyyo I always do, that's what I'ma bout ta Do I show you a style and throw you? For all competitors, Black Thought comin through the seckle cuz I'm the superior style and you inferior Let me adjust my voice so you can hear me ta-- Bust rule the, microphone Pure skills, nuttin but it, all of a sudden  MC's just start to studdered from the rap style Hey yo let me rewind check it out, check it out Well it's the, deranged style that change formats and forms I swarm like killa bees for feelin these fantasies MC's throw a tantrum, I sing the Fifth Anthem Aiyyo it's like this, my song thump your preference You can never attempt to reach that where my level is Black Thought severin competitives, off the dome top Yo my microphone stop, my man Com just drop [Common] And don't halt, I guess it was my fault I came through thick like a malt, niggas tried to pour salt But never knew the flavor, my shit is accented from Chicago Niggas follow, hold the water bottle My shit'll keep flowin  Now I'm showin this poetry in motion like a picure Read the scripture, understood the first New Testament Start to blessin it The shit is like this, where the beat went I give MC's the silent treatment They tried to come against me, I told em they wasn't fresh Rappers I Crush, Kill and Destroy like Stress Extinction Agenda, Com Sense'll just send a-nother Mothafucker to the bathroom, he didn't have room to shit on the mic That I had, it's like the nigga Com Sense, I don't need a pad Off the dome, my shit'll roam/Rome like a Greek I start to speak, and niggas sound extra weak/week Like seven days, I take ya seven whole days like Tony Never been a phony, Express styles like a Pony Hold ya horses, Com Sense read The Sources Toss this type of shit that go straight through, I lost this One time, it came back the rap sunshine Niggas follow me like one time Check it out nig-- my man Absolute is unsigned, ready to get it on It's like this upon the mic yo I sit upon [Pharoahe Monch] Yo yo, check it out now, one time now, Pharoahe Monch yo It's not breaks at the bar, even if you a star Wit me and my crew baby doll you won't go far I seek the love of Allah, the laws I lay Peepin the upper echelon of light display Funk distributed rap pro, attributed to facts so Cleverly put, more revolutions than a axel The sad slow nigga much smoother than Coltrane Who can cop beats that I chop like cocaine The effortless action wit moves like subtraction Lip, stick and admit wit mo' satisfaction And all the while my beats can pile up More data than X-File shows all added up The educated nigga from Queens, by any means Servin any fiends, similar to Supreme Team But like steam I will rise to the top to redeem the cream For niggas who fiend for hip hop I pop glock and bla-block shot and chop spots >From top notch cops to bust from a crotch Positioning, what Absolute, what c'mon c'mon kick the dome [Absolute] The last word was precision so I get a vision  And makin sentences on top of your cranium Underground, sub-terranien Crossin the Mediterranean, water to slaughter MC's Who can't catch across the border Lookin across, the window, not a nympho Lookin at my man, the Jedi duck when the lead fly My man just took a picture, so I just snapped it Lookin at the man who got the joint in his back shit, the back shit I pack shit but it's never like an automatic I'm causin static just like the opposite of Bounce I get, throwing mad amounts Look at my man Bobbito and Stretch I gotta catch the beat I'm never come off weak cuz weak is the opposite of strong I used to smoke the bong but now I got the Heineken It's my turn to rhyme again Don't need to be greedy, I give my old gear to the needy Used to write graffiti cuz I got the burner You might not get that but you I pass it back to my man wit the head wrap Yo *talking and shoutouts to end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ D'Angelo Album: Men In Black soundtrack Song: The 'Notic Typed by: djstylus@rocketmail.com This beautiful blend, I knew her through a mutual friend She was a work of art, a part of my heart from back then A brown skin singer, with a knack for actin, Alana's whole attraction Just fractionally based on surface, I got into her mental on purpose And with alertness, as I flirt with her emotion Walls we built up out of nervousness was broken I reminisce on how this Black Thought had her open Wit da energy that got the whole summertime smokin very hypnotized When it was time we spent time It's no way to rewind or prevent time from slipping away like day, into the dark and the way that things fall apart, will make some start to feel more, weak or insecure But for whatever reason our relationship remain mature Even when she caught feelings cuz I stay on tour As I reflect on before, and recap the situation I guess from experience, comes education We set on a path to opposite destinations It's best to chalk it up and add it to the elevation Then eventually flow on to lost communication I called but lost all information And with time forgot it, it's not like I'm all in tears about it But the fact still remains that I miss the Hypnotic Chorus: repeat 2X You're a shinin' star No matter where you are For the world to see What you truly be She was the hypnotic, and potent as a narcotic the bizarre logic of it all, is why the clock tick pages of the calendar flip, we can't stop it time will either tell the tale, or turn a love toxic now was she real, or an illusion of this optical confusion with the accent of ancient Egypt or could it be that she's the one I was supposed to be with and together walked this twisted, staircase is somethin realistic damn, her lips having me addicted to her presence front page material on essence, a queen, imperial before her  adolescence and as she grew into a woman she became refine I never knew another like her in my lifetime so now I travel through a tunnel of space, without a place on the face of this earth, with this pain gettin worse drivin me insane, or release I'm touchin the brink, of sanity to think of how I can link, or contact her I was a fool before, but more wise after the fact I'm analyzin how I'm wantin her back and wonderin exactly where she could be on the map I'm just sittin here spinning the world on one finger reoccuring thoughts of this brown skin singer yo, the psychotic, the hypnotic, yo check it out the most melodic hypnotic, yeah Chorus 4X You're my shinin star No matter where you are Dont know what to say Was it true to be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mumia 911 f/ Black Thought, Chuck D, Dead Prez,  	Last Emperor, Pharoahe Monch, Tragedy Album: Mumia 911/Fatlip Remix/Diamond D Remix 12" Song: Mumia 911 (Diamond D Remix) Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com Chorus: 2X (first time a capella) Somebody scream bloody murder, inside of my head The exuctioner's plot controlled by the feds Take illegal action, they want Mumia dead This nation of savages been trying to kill us for years [Tragedy Khadafi] Yo, federal indictment, militant mind enlightment Son, we outburst, in the court room, full of excitement Face the jury, thugged out, with blind fury They want us all under the jam, end of the story Brave and heartless, we can have a million marches But when you black you under attack, son regardless Live by the gun, dunn, and die by the gun And revolutionize minds until freedom's won [Black Thought] Check it out, they want us knocked locked down boxed up in the ground It's war time now from how the sufferin sound We deep in the realm, the planet petrified overwhelmed We all stars livin life out on surveilance film New World law enforced, mind rape, cerebral holocaust No escape, fire for burn the execution date shatter We on the front lines prepared I want Mumia out the cage the time for action is here [Pharaohe Monch] When you take the attempted assassination of Mumia Jamal they set em up I come to find out, Tupac they wet 'im up Pharaohe, standin behind my fucking curtains with a double-barrle rehearsin Ready for war now for certain Uh, biological warfare suits Black gas masks, black boots, half-assed niggas become troops My tons of global warriors is booty now Plenty thug niggas is fruity now Chorus: 2X [Chuck D] As you peep the illusion cuz I see my peoples losin The overall battle to keep republicrats from choosin Afterall, I feel the bruisin of the constitution When my back's against the wall, manifestin in their destiny Shit they just testin me, Mumia's spirit blessin me No alibi, I know Allah is not their alli I believe I can fly, but their type of freedom is a lie So fuck the government, C.I.A. and F.B.I. [Last Emperor] Shatan will destroy anything for the right price In a physical world one man cannot die twice To the spiritual world your soul cannot fly twice Yet could this be the second time they crucify Christ? Ask Ed Asner, the actor, after they execute him There will be a peasant uprising like the French Revolution In conclusion, if you detect evil Free the voice of the voiceless, defender of oppressed people [Dead Prez] I say, "fuck the police," cause they been killin us for years This ain't no free country, niggas get murdered for their ideas Free Mumia means all Africans let go Cause just livin in the ghetto puts you on death row You don't know? You seen how the tried to do Assata Till some real niggas organized theyselves and went and got'er Lotta crackers verbalize if Mumia dies, fire in the skies But only time'll tell the truth from the lies Chorus: 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ DJ Cash Money Album: The Roots Come Alive Song: For the Love of Money Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Yo yo, what the fuck, give us space See ya'll up in the place and shit, fuck Yo we 'bout to set it We got my man DJ Cash Money on the one and two's Knowmsayin, we 'bout to take ya'll back into the realm It's like this yo yo, check it out, hold up yo It's like yo One to make you scream, two to make you shout Come on Cash Money, let's rock yo well it's the [Malik B] M-A-L-the-I-K-B Doin this since the early '80s You try to play me, well I'ma play ya back You know it's tipper-tap when I pay you back [Black Thought] Well it's the B-L-A-the-C-K Thought It grab crab niggas on life support I don't know what the fuck ya'll thought or what ya'll snort Any rapper Steppin Into the Realm will get caught [Malik B] You got caught off-guard in the yard while you was buzzin You worked your way outta the puzzle, all of a sudden This shit, we hit you like Sixth and Bristol We put it in your body till it make you disco [Black Thought] Aiyyo, Philly mine for my passion, the city line From Cheltenham to 69th Street to beyond Want to lap around the map and then pass the baton To my man, between me and Mal-ik is a thin line [Malik B] I'ma pull the pins all out the grenade Radical renegade, let's get paid I won't be around when they start the raid Baricade your town like the Mummer's Parade [Black Thought] Aiyyo I here you M-ill, we the jawn for real Rip shit from the valleys to the top of the hill Leave a nigga in a dip like a J-Street pill The killer feel from South Phil, they better chill [Malik B] We got my man Cash Money on the cut Takin niggas back to the days of King Tut You king of ampfier, you know I can't forget For all you bachelors and all you bachelorettes [Black Thought and Malik B] Via satellite, chatter like Sean ? and them And keep the fly young ladies all tremblin We outta Philly and rock The Fifth emblem Walk upon water, maintain a dry Timberland Roots Crew, remember them, still stunnin you In the flesh wit Cash Money on the one and two And to the the shorty that's out past your curfew It's X-rated, I don't wear the purple *mumbling* Well if you're on the wheels, Cash get on---- [?uestlove] We regret to inform you that due to the asinine  Leech-like Wall Street-ified sampling publishing laws That plague hip hop music... You'll be unable to witness the miracles that Cash Money creates On the one and two's... Unfortunately, we have to leave you wit this... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Dice Raw, Jaguar Album: The Roots Come Alive Song: The Lesson Part 3 (It's Over Now) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Black Thought] Well it's the raw regees, thoroughbred from Philly My name Black Thought, my girl's the Black LILIES Some people try to front like "I ain't feelin it really" But that's silly, cuz how the fuck you can't feel me? When I first felt it, I knew it had to be dealt wit Alot of ice-grillin in the house got melted Some tried to put up a fight, but they was helpless You ain't try to turn that loose, you too selfish Gimme that, guess who bringin the "Get busy" back Women say the sound of my voice, the Afrodeziac Okayplayer.com, where you can hit me at E-me and when I'm in your town, come see me The Real World for real, this ain't your MTV The illest INNERVISIONS since Stevie on wax My vocal like serve-o forty-eight tracks The fact of the matter is a matter of fact That it's the Black Thought, controllin like Ike Turner You wanna get wise, you best to be a fast learner Or just relax and peep how it's done And boogie ya ass to what's about to come because Chorus[Jaguar] *singing* The Lesson, now it's now, we close shop We got it locked, it's over now [Dice Raw] Aiyyo Dice's flows, hit idiots like crossbows Knock em out the atlas, push em off the atlas I'm laugin, lookin down from off top the totem Hop off my pedastall, grab my scrotum Aiyyo y'all niggas ain't FUCKIN wit this shit  (I told em) Aiyyo y'all ain't FUCKIN wit the Roots crew (I told em) The rap is a riot yeah cuz my family bouncin Soon as the name, Dice Raw is announced in The arena, the grass is greener on the other side I hit the stores, twenty-five thousand die Now tell who the best in off the top in the world I'll give you a hint, the same guy that's fuckin your girl I just didn't have parents, The Roots found me in the trash But still, a nigga got a lot of class Trick wit my pinky-finger up off the glass Keep talkin shit homeboy, that's your ass Chorus [Malik B] It's just the simple part of the gam(e) I guess it's just the art of the scam Check for your soul cuz it departed again M-ill-i-tant is atomic, you fall from the sky just like a comet Move out till the bottom of my shoes out How many tracks do you bout? How many of these niggas you doubt? How many of these ladies makin you shout? You on a mission so listen to this Ask yourself what condition is this Sick in the ?wist?, I rap on a satellite disk You gotta like this, askin me about the way that I stroll About the way I enfold, in scrambling mode You're like that, don't bark cat, bite back What up Blood? Is things still the same in the hood? While I sit I gotta get dub, and wish I could plug They thoughts'll leave em stiff in the mud, you wannabe thug In section eight, houses were hush up under the rug The shit I spit is hummin wit slugs, get soaked in the suds Chorus 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Silent Treatment 12" Song: Silent Treatment (Beatminerz Remix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	Silent...silent... [Black Thought] When I met her she was physically intact Mentally apt to adapt to whatever rap Qualities that attract a triple-X black Erotic narcotic from the back I mean her with the most melodic vocal tone, met her on the avenue Then exchange telephone numbers at a few Conversations and vibrations I'd acquire >From her to set me on fire with Rick James desire Her image inspire visions of under attire And never did she gas me about something I should buy her, son It's time the fella we grew close to one another She was my sugar sister, I was her chocolate brother So I never dissed her, painted my picture to hit But shorty wasn't having it, she said I couldn't stick It's all copastetic, the Black Thought could never sweat it Still I could never forget it, just as if she never said it I contemplated, and then concluded she was bluffing I anticipated getting nothing but the silent treatment Searching for some type of sexual sabatoge To break you out of all your camaflouge Apparently your message is mirage Niggas I know would think about a dodge But my mentals is charged against the odds Premeditated ep swung upon the kitchen floor Raising my temperature with bodily allure Cae mi amor, what? Be a more mature nature I let you know exactly why they call me Black Thought, y'all Enter me addictive, fly chocolate like Thai Cause what I'm dealing with can get the whole world high And when brothers is half-stepping I get your girl high But still Amina keeps froning on my As I enter to intertwine, combine, and blend thoughts Inbedded with the physical force into your source You see exactly what I want the rhythm to be So why you treating me silently? I take it all in moderation, about my loving situation With patience was a virtue but I wasn't used to waiting I mentioned making moves without hesitation I want this physical and mental stimulation not the perpetration The penetration of the center as I enter Intercourse keeping you warm through winter The source is the word that won't splinter Enter dimentions of brain tension when Black Thought back ninja Orgasmic is the music that I send you, love You know exactly what I'm thinking of, on the L train I'm insane Recalling when I met you, got your number and name Wanted to sex and thought you wanted the same, but it's a shame We could relax, listen to tracks and puff chronic But only on a level that's platonic I need a girl that's down forever trying to keep it real But to shead a little light on her sex appeal But every now and then it's a shorty who be packing the steel Shoot 'em down like she hunt me, fronting, the silent treatment The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Bahamadia Album: Proceed 12" Song: Proceed III Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Rock on, to the break of dawn Freak on to the early morn Khadafi and Sue-kwon, you got it goin on To my man Big Shawn, you got it goin on, now, yo You got The Roots in the house We also got Bahamadia in the house, representin lovely With you ears now proceed It's flavor you wouldn't believe as we proceed Chorus: I shall... proceed... and continue... to rock the mic (2X) Verse One: Malik B Let's, kill all the small talk, and just elaborate The Roots collaborate I see myself as rather great How the words generate, whole crews disintergrate when I pentrate As if in the course flow with intensive force You best to go and check your source about my textual course Simplicity, it sounds complex, you might miss it But after you critique it you can kiss it I'm assissting fire force that leaves statistics When identify niggaz simplify you'll feel no sympathi My lyrics send you on a permanent excursion I never would decide when your lifespan was submergin My style is urban not surburban when I'm splurgin Gosh these MC's I wash more than detergent I can split the Red Sea but deadly Take heed, illadelph style as I proceed Chorus Verse Two: Bahamadia Bahamadia hits the melodies mellowly Brand new, funk doobie, choosy with the tactics when I gets Raw, like Dice, nice with the flavor, Do You Want More?!!!??! Of the Organix, pure Eargasmatic, from Distortion to Statics Automatic, systematic I'm nasty at it So hand me the five micraphones like they did Illmatic One time for the mind Rhyme be coming from an illadelph state of mind The real is not whole or half time all the time, and I shall proceed I'm movin on baby, I shall proceed To remain, on point like an infrared beam Succeed, in chasing out the ultraviolet dreams No Mas like Shorty, cuz it's all about me Chorus Verse Three: Black Thought Black and handsome, holdin MC's for ransome Thoughts command some, is this, a phantom? Crews I mangle, y'all know my anthem ain't the Star Spangled I hit you from the most bizarre angle, rectangular visions of papes my mind conceive Motivatin me to acheive as I must proceed when I ride the train, traumatized to maintain but laid back, the tracks can relax the brain I got to deal with everything on this intelligent plain Servin as a killer to the pain I live a High Life like Miller Me and the mic's mechanized Respect recognize with mind beyond wise Limitless when I bless the mic with speak Dialect never weak, y'all niggaz know Tarik From seven-fifth Snider Ave. got the flavor you need For the ingredients indeed so to the lead I shall proceed Chorus *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots Album: Proceed II 12" Song: Proceed IV (AJ Shine's Proceed w/o a Pause) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Here we go Heh heh here we go Heh, heh heh, heh heh, heh here we go Heh heh, heh heh, heh heh, here we go Heh heh, heheheheh, here we go Heh heh, heh heh, heh heh, here we go Heh heh, heh heh, heh heh, heh, heh heh heh heh, heh, heh heh, heh, heh heh *fades* Verse One: Malik B I can make you dance, I can make you shout The scripts in the scroll turned the whole party out Inject my lyrics in a sec with dialect Why accept, because it's from the highest eye and depth Rap extrordinaire share me never ever See through because I be true, Malik's together Intox your cells till your brain vein swells *gunshot* claim terror when their never parellel Once I have a hunch that there's MC's that front I just crunched a whole bunch, in one big munch I always stand firm, under any term My actions never squirm cuz my tracks is perm Have a tendency to defend this MC My residency is simply in sensei I makes it vivid, on different continents of earth I pivot It seems extreme and exquisite but ask it is it My style is like a cat from a seventies flick Talkin jive as he strut with his afro pick Or a predator, just before he stalks his pray When I talk this way, I do dismay See you're puzzled, now how I think you're trying to juggle My mind is like a nine M double, now there's trouble The Roots bring you styles and all types of creed I sign off but I shall proceed Chorus: I shall, proceed, and continue, to rock the mic (4X) Verse Two: Black Thought Yo, we could get fly, we could get fly We could get fly that's the anthem of my crew not to glorify still it's sorta high Troubles of the world bring tears to my eye wonder why my man, can't vaccinate, y'all know the fate Similar to the way I'm a disease on tape Within a world of hate many mics I *gunshot* To escape Metropolis is such a violent state I spill words over pages, styles over phrases from the world's different stages for crowds of different ages Though not a nova, you witness like Jehovah Now *gunshot* beg for lyrical plague to pass them over Right right n----z is like stick up kids Doin bids you got caught, enter the Black Thought I interface with bass when I communicate Crowds I elevate, to a higher mindstate of rap thinking, see musically the Black thinking rhythm therefore, I give em what I'm giving, therefore I give em what I'm giving that's the hardcore The Roots'll keep it real for sure, and I shall proceed Chorus: I shall, proceed, and continue, to rock the mic (7X) I shall, proceed, and continue, to rock the to rock the to rock the... Representin, the planet, West Oakland The A-to-the-J, dip to the dollar, the sign, the shine Watch the Heat, Productions Red Hot, and Cool, youknowhatI'msayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots w/ Beatminerz Album: Proceed II 12" Song: Proceed V Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash All the way live, from two-one-five (3x) kid, two-one-five, two-one-five What? Black Thought in the house Representin the Roots, y'all know how we do Proceed Beatminerz remix one time for your mind It's on Verse One: Black Thought Yo, I never sweat it, it's all copacetic In this lyrical profession rappers I discredit It's fact that a fraction of the rap population is pathetic not thorough Here come the kid that's got it like Al Jarreau I restin in the wild burough where it's all realism never fiction And ghettoes is forever friction Clash for cash gettin status and crabs is froze caught up in the mixing The mic's my only apparatus And with it I got rappers paranoid Lyrical freakazoid, leapin out the terror void Guard your era it's the Black Thought ain't nothing lesser than the MC oppressor, poetry professor I pound this MC on my dresser got my mind on trauma So my persona's marijuana most melodic with the melodrama The Ben Frank folder, the mic holder Command it with a planet on my shoulder till the sound's over Keep it underground my style subterranean Ill Philadelph Pennsylvanian Back on the tour to entertrain again, whoops I meant to say to entertain I'm in a planetary mode Watch as I explode through your area code with dialect Y'all niggaz know the time when the Thought catch wreck Y'all niggaz know the science on the Dice Raw and Malik B Kid I'm nice y'all searchin for a beat It's the master of literature that's pure you're checkin for Coming down I keep it real and hardcore y'all know the score Four four that's the major, Black Thought I got the flavor you need And I shall proceed Chorus: *Beatminerz cut and scratch the chorus of Proceed* Verse Two: Malik B I can make you dance, I can make you shout The scripts in the scroll turned the whole party out Inject my lyrics in a sec with dialect Why accept, because it's from the highest eye and depth Rap extrordinaire share me never ever See through because I be true, Malik's together Intox your cells till your brain vein swells Niggaz'll claim terror when their never parellel Once I have a hunch that there's MC's that front I just crunched a whole bunch, in one big munch I always stand firm, under any term My actions never squirm cuz my tracks is perm I have a tendency to defend this MC My residency is simply in sensei I makes it vivid, on different continents of Earth I pivot It seems extreme and exquisite but ask it is it My style is like a cat from a seventies flick Talkin jive as he strut with his afro pick Or a predator, just before he stalks his pray When I talk this way, I do dismay See you're puzzled, now how I think you're trying to juggle My mind is like a nine M double, now there's trouble The Roots bring you styles and all types of creed I sign off but I shall proceed Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Aphillyation  Album: Quicksand Millennium 12" Song: Roots and Aphillyation Unreleased  Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com  Yo I trash you, smash you from the state's capital  All you see is flashing lights  A whole community ready to fight  One thousand MC's attack the mic  Nubians died and came back to life  Most of ya'll ant to a gaint, so try me  Don't you see the danger signs?  Niggas I've dared slimy  I give the chant and the youth fam a rain dance around me  I make it storm and thunder  When you from amongst us  Dig your boots, roll up the ? on your tomb  Going with shrooms, rhymes starin at the moon  I set the sun in early afternoons  Send out signals to get you back in tune  All light weight niggas will get vacuumed  [Black Thought]  I hit this mid-life crisis ten years before thirty  And stay in time, fuck fair ones, we fight dirty  We rally in the shadows of night and strike early  While your sight blurry, the blind fury  Fifth cal-vary  We to the rescue  Then rhyme battle like them crime battles depress too  Bullets in the wall of your chest too  And plus whoever you standin next to  The ambu-lance will come and collect you  I ripped you with the dart  Sect' true with the art  It's deeper than your classical Mozart  Your pop or R&B charts  Can never see Thought flows, is on some Philly shit  Murder one penmanship, the uninnocent  Cul-prit, MC's is insulted  And my affiliates/Aphillyates is high voltage  [Malik B]  I walk through the smog with the fog light on in the morning  No ? without warning, I'm brain storming  Sketch the blueprint, lookin through tinted to mutant  Cause disorderly nusiance with pollutants  Advance on your stance, incite a cobra in October  Combine minds will take you over even when it's cold out  Whatever you say don't matter, disrespect and get splattered  The fact that you sunnin lotta niggas got me flattered  When they heard it was me, they all scattered  Notts Family love practice, we cock back for satisfaction  Pull on wear and bulletproofs is the fashion  On stings, we stackin  And fifty raid the crib, we stil clappin  We tear the club up from state to state  Bouncin back to the bullet state, holdin the eight  Like Onyx, we Shut Em Down  Wack crews, we lay em down  We all organizing, while you idolizing  And when the guns bust, it's the bullets that you can't trust  Kiss the barrel on your knees before I ripped you up  Aphillyation and The Roots, c'mon give it up  Wit these lyrics that'll hit you from your nuts up  Quest the barber, last illest rhyme author  If I can't catch you, best believe my ill squad'll off ya  Wit the sparker, seven shot departure  Five of those caught ya  Sneak attack competition I taught ya  Any conflict I come equipped  Swift with the riot spit  Makin cats backflip from my vocals in this rap shit  Where fake rappers get capped shit  Found in the dumpster with they cap's split  Double check, you shoulda packed it  Empty clips ain't never clapped shit  Retaliation, you lacked it  Now your back's against the wall, plastered  Ditto, this is that shit that got six fillin our vest  ?? fillin our chest, cuz when hell's lit, we the best  You ever heard in this shit, we spit degrees  That'll freeze, melt, and bring life to the shit  Yo like atoms we split, eye to eye we sit  Declare war within, defeatin war with men  Now who can beat us  When you was watered  Our mens tore it down, start settin up shop  It's building blocks, now the cops can't stop what we got  It's too HOT  Locals hassle niggas till they drop  Get caught up in spots and what not  But we dead not  Can't hit us with beams or glocks  I'm afraid not cuz all the above said and said not The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots f/ Talib Kweli Album: Soundbombing III Song: Rhymes and Ammo Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com SOUND (sound) BOMBING (bombing) [Light faded voice of Black Thought] Cause when I put rhymes in they minds yo For all y'all folks who were hopin and wishin and I can assault, tryin'a take my position Stop wishin, and sit yourself back and listen to A'yo, cause when I put rhymes in they minds yo For all y'all folks who were hopin and wishin and I can assault, tryin'a take my position Stop wishin, and sit your ass back [Chorus: Black Thought] A'yo when I say pump that, y'all say shit up Pump that! (Shit up) Pump that! (Shit up) When I say stand up, y'all say get up Stand up! (Get Up) Stand up! (Get Up) When I say rise up, y'all say now Rise up! (Now) Rise up! (Now) When I say lick a shot, say blaow Lick a shot! (blaow) Lick a shot! (blaow) [Verse 1: Black Thought] A'yo everybody on they jawns Cartoons is hardcore porn It ain't no afterschool paper routes and mowin lawns Kids got backpacks full of yayo and heron Coming to school shootin up the auditorium Yo its anthrax maniacs on the TV The least of y'all worries should be Thought's cd The chairman of the board coppin twice weekly They done caught the minister with a pork b.l.t. If my shit ain't hot, it probly try to drive me Psyhce, its somethin I can never let myself see Can't see, I'm thorough-bread, nothin fancy The maker, no matter what the circumstance be Its the principle, pillowcase full of nickel Smacked like I'm (??), leave him crippled Keep talkin greasey I'ma big lip you A'yo your man'll can get slid with you You and the squad takin to galoshes I hold the engineer for hostage and spit from a dirty cartridge Its L for whoever try to front on Thought's shit I'm sendin them goons to your mom's apartment [Verse 2: Dice Raw] A'yo I'm dancin, on the edge of insanity and rhymin like its the end of humanity Still people from the old neighborhood can't stand to see me Turn around and tell girls we like family What up with all that, jokin, and collamity Behind the laughter they thinkin about jammin me But they don't know, I got somethin for them But I ain't with that negative vibe, so fuck all that I've earned alot from this game, and sacrificed more Stand here a new man, but I'm still the old boy They claimin they sell but I'm still the old boss Sometimes wings get clipped, we all hit the floor But today though, its Black Thought, Kweli and Raw You can be sure that we got our eyes on y'all Watchin different artists rise and fall Mother fuckers jumpin ship like we came to rob at y'all [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] Kweli, sittin back in the cut like Reese In a constant peace, call me fantastic like I cut the grease Baracudas movin and canoein sippin amaretto I'm a ruler of my temple, what I do to instrumentals Instrumentals is the development of these niggas mentals Tears in your eyes like this moment is sentimental Your fundamentally floored, philosophically bored Disturbed like the eighth floor of your hospital ward You've GOT to appoint niggas to raise the bar Muslims praise Allah, Christians praise the God Rastas, they say Jah They find a way to rhyme with the pallet like fine wine and make you say ahhh Guess who's back? The game needed improvement Can't fit the bullshit no more, you sound stupid I'm a shark in the water with constant movement influenced by music since a truant yo This is how we do it yo [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Karl Jenkins a.k.a. Dice Raw Album: Voices - WWE the Music Vol. 9 Song: Kung Fu San Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*martial arts fighting sounds*} [Dice Raw] (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Naki baby yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) Yeah Kung Fu Naki comin for ya yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) I see you now, yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Naki yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) Gotta believe he wasn't born in Milwaukee (Kung Fu Naki!) Mighta grown up in Nagasaki, yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) Learned to use his hands when he studies karate (Kung Fu Naki!) Teaches you to say he was a little too Naki Fu Naki likes to, fish for croppie While he listens, to Pavarotti Heard he tried to be, a rap disc jockey Didn't work out, moved to Abu Dhabi Guess the rest is, histor-aty But my memory, a little bit groggy [Chorus: Singers] Kung Fu Naki, see the kung fu man Ohhh he is still the real with lightning hands (Kung Fu Naki!) Yeah baby Kung Fu Naki where you been man (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Naki (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Na-kiiii (Kung Fu Naki!) Ha ha ha ha ha (Kung Fu Naki!) He loves to cook chicken teriyaki (Kung Fu Naki!) Cooks in a broth made of rice wine sake (Kung Fu Naki!) Hehehe, likes the way Stallone says YO in Rocky (Kung Fu Naki!) Often eats a meal with a little biscotti Fu Naki likes to, watch Hard Copy But he thinks it's a little bit too gossipy Doesn't like people, who act real snobby Says politicians, are way too talky Says some wrestlers, are way too cocky Cause they bodies are soft and sloppy (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Naki baby yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) Yeah Kung Fu Naki comin for ya yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) What'cha gon' do, ha ha! (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Na-kiiii (Kung Fu Naki!) Uh-huh, that's it, yeahhhh (Kung Fu Naki!) Uh-huh, Kung Fu Naki baby (Kung Fu Naki!) Kung Fu Naki give it to 'em baby yeah (Kung Fu Naki!) I see you now, hahaha Kung Fu Naki yeah Yeah {*fighting sounds*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Punisher f/ Black Thought Album: Capital Punishment Song: Super Lyrical Typed by: deephunk@aol.com PUNISHER -- Ay-yo my murderous rap verbal attack is actual fact Tactical tracks match perfectly with graphical stats Half a you lack the magical dap of tragical rap That tackles you back and shackles and laughs at you That's...the mathematical madness I'm on, the savage, the strong The marriage, a bond of havoc and song This massacre's on as if Picasso laced you There's lotsa hateful skeletons locked in the closet of my castle of Grayskull I'm possum at grade school, that's why I have to debate you My raps are like Capel, slashin' your face, you That's how a master degrades you I'm battlin' Jesus (hay-soos) if he passes through my label I'm snatchin' his halo God I pray that you send my father back as an angel Language is fatal and it's hypnotizin' I'm only emphasizin', I'm still all about business and enterprisin' I'm super lyrical, a brain boosts the chemicals That's used contenicals inside of my mental projectable CHORUS -- Lyrically I'm supposed to represent (Biggie)    Niggaz'll tell you that I'm nice with the    blah, blah, blah (Canibus)    Lyrically I'm... >...I'm supposed to represent BLACK THOUGHT -- Black Thought the super lyricist, your arch-nemesis Still with the Punisher, that's my accomplice Stressin' to emcees how they don't really want this Electrifying shit his excellency Thought spit These cats they sentimental such with a gentle touch Dancin' double dutch and all sayin' nothin' much My sound wave liftin' your chin up like uppercuts New found ways of rippin' shit up, I de-ve-lop Your squad chest swell up, still you're mini-ay-ture to me Nature-ally I bring the extremity Musically intense with the globe in suspense Contemplatin' where the world traveler been since The Roots bless you with a strong record, long like a epic Immerse you in some 'ol next shit, ill poetic Thought from Illadelph somethin' like nothin' else My talk stomp like elephants upon every elf, cause...what... CHORUS -- Lyrically I'm supposed to represent 	 Niggaz'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah  	 Lyrically I'm supposed to represent 	 You will lose...I must break you (Ivan Drago from "Rocky")    Lyrically I'm supposed to represent 	 Niggaz'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah    Lyrically I'm-I'm-I'm... >...    I'm supposed to represent PUNISHER -- Ay-yo peace Roots east coast niggaz reppin' the streets most With heat, toast, and keep close more Phillies than Pete Rose These dos, niggaz that'll lift ya mentals Lyrics'll twist your temples into pretzels like the "Triumph" instrumental BLACK THOUGHT --  My instrumental's the Renaissance, no resem-ba-lance To nothin' you come across, lyrical holocaust The crowd pleaser emcees freeze then catch seizure They praise the Lord of rap thesis, true believers PUNISHER -- Just call me Baby Jesus cuz lady niggaz be praisin' me Just for the way I blaze to be crazily, tape to CD lasery It pays to be amazingly flavery Daaaaze 'em to my rhymes that basically hypnotize you occasionally BLACK THOUGHT -- Occasionally as I focus on my next opus The way it's all fucked up and emcees is hopeless I leave your head wrecked as I erect scultpures My thought's just a fortress, approach this ferocious up-closeness Chorus -- Lyrically I'm supposed to represent 	 Niggaz'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah 	 Lyrically I'm-I'm-I'm... >...    I'm supposed to represent 	 Lyrically..."It's suicide!" 	 Lyrically..."You've seen him, you know how strong he is!" 	 Lyrically..."You can't win!" 	 Lyrically..."It's suicide!" 	 Lyrically..."You've seen him, you know how strong he is!" 	 Lyrically..."You can't win!" 	 Lyrically..."You can't win!" 	 Lyrically..."You will lose..." 	 Lyrically..."I must break you..." 	 Ly-ly-ly-lyrically >...  > The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Star Album: Respiration 12" Song: Respiration (Flying High Mix) Typed by: djstylus@rocketmail.com (Mos Def singing) I'm flyin' high, in the friendly sky without ever leaving the ground, yeah yeah Rest of the folks are tired and weary And have laid their bodies down (Talib Kweli) We lyrically rich, livin, spiritually fit Eating healthy, coming clean never filthy In God's eyes I'm wealthy Felt the power as I entered the palace of 7 lights Time traveled participatin on battles my brethren fight For birth rights that they already got, and shouldn't have to get Break down the steady plot that's accurate Bust the shots that's immaculate Take it to your nugget cause my beloved covet they freedom Believe it put nothing above it love it or leave it We blessed with free will so we choose to be ill Like sharks keepin it movin we could never be still Swim in the channels of life The orators of rhyme handling mics Tiptoeing through the corridors of your mind with candlelights Everlasting in your hood like liquor stores and check cashin Niggaz flashing (?----) classes sippin thug passion blastin  Makaveli 4, I bet on brothers with nothing to live for To give more to the struggle, they already at war (Chorus) So much on my mind I just can't recline Blastin holes til the night bled sunshine Breathe in...  Breathe out,  Heard the bass ride out like an ancient (mating call) I can't take it, I can feel the city breathing (Mos Def) Yo, I pushed my pen and wrote this scribe Like the morning wouldn't find me alive I'm surrounded on all sides By the kind and the cool, wise men and the fool Young guns attending school, ghetto classes include: Get yours, get it right Get down, get paid, get ass, get around Get on, get fly, get jig and get high Live to get and you'll only end up getting by When the nighttime covers the city like a cloak I approach and assemble my hopes, into notes Hard to sleep in the city that don't Cause it won't let you rest, noises on your doorstep 'Nuff distress Police department, raid the park bench on nonsense Cause they fear to see the brothers conference Regardless, we bond tight and we rumble all day to break night Daylight, wifey riffin' to death - "you ain't right" The same fight about my late night habits is mad static But the city's so alive that I just got to have it The planet of Brook-LAWN is what I look on Ghetto chef rock your vest when you gettin your cook on Dedicating this song to Scott LaRock, B.I.G. and 'Pac Kwame Ture, Betty Carter and John Henrik CLark Ron Brown, and freedom fighters going down You set the pace, now we finish the race It's on now (Chorus) So much on my mind I just can't recline Blasting holes til the night bled sunshine Breathe in...  Breathe out, Heard the bass ride out like an ancient (mating call) I can't take it, I can feel the city breathing (Black Thought) Yo, Yo I'm from the year-round shootouts to summertime cookout The wintertime grind with the shorties on the lookout A chosen few know the rule, the rest threw the book out The law stay on crews, thirsty with they hook out That old-school bang out,  Money that pulled the thang out They bit him and hit him with a few, he just came out With the sharks that travel all parts within the same route Narrow walls closin in, cutthroat to exit at the opening Wrong place, you wasn't where you were supposed to been You back around the end, heavy wasteline again With them same suspect cats that waste time again Ya'll need to wake the fuck up, and peep the monument in your face Cuz ain't no time to waste not a minute I seen my cousin (?----) said "Peace, yo where you been at?" He said "the final frontier 'Riq, I'm up in that, and it's the time to watch the place your foe and where your friend at, Cuz where I rotate ain't nothin to grin at, I been at the fork in the crossroads, the outer limit, See you can stand tall or crawl and act timid" The Black Thought with the Black Star, infinite (Chorus and ad libs to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Black Thought Album: One Day It'll All Make Sense Song: Stolen Moments Pt. II Black Thought: It's a frantic situation(x7) Common: Extra salty cuz whoever beat me, got me for this 31-inch And this Alpha Bailey jacket I had just bought me Out of snappin, my God tried to talk me But what could get me half way calm was this Donny Hathaway song The tape that it was on I had wanted while I was gone But forgot to pack it, in fact it was in that jacket This demo, it's time to track it and lay it down Either it's somebody I know or somebody I stay around Day before I broke out, niggaz was over my crib gettin smoked out No tellin who had the place scoped out Donnie brought over some niggaz I didn't know I'm askin, who are you, they said I'm with the Mo If it was them, soon I will collide with them And they better not be rockin no new Iversons Then it could have been this hype that usually shovel my snow If I'm out of town or not, by my car, he would know Now, it might have been this stripper I met at Pinkhouse party Thick, but my furniture wasn't worth her body What if it was this nigga I let sleep in my crib To have the set of keys but that I wasn't tryin to believe But I could have put it past him or those other bastards It would be assed backwards for me to ask if they did it Cuz whoever did ain't gon admit it The blunted dirty dishes is my only exhibit Wondering if I should give it a rest and through the wind It might surface Cuz tellin Allah, Joe is worthless(uh) chorus(x2): Black Thought Hey sucka nigga, whoever you are(x3) Wherever you are, whoever you are Check it out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elvis Costello & The Roots Album: Wake Up Ghost Song: Walk Us Uptown Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Elvis Costello] Will you walk us uptown? And wherever you go, you know we will follow Will you walk us uptown? And we'll stand in the light of your new killing ground, and we won't make a sound ...Except to sing our sorrow Will you walk us uptown while our tears run in torrents to suffer in silence or pray for some solace Will you wash away our sins in the cross-fire and cross-currents? As you uncross your fingers, and take out some insurance No matter what the price It's your own paradise Will you walk us uptown? Will you walk us uptown? Some hearts are sinking and some hearts are a-flutter Some scoop gold from the dirt in the gutter Or swallow the earth, pouring into your mouth As they bury us upright saying, "Everything's alright" Will you walk us uptown like some said that you could We will feast on your flesh and drink down your blood Will you haul down that flag and dishonour that vow? Cause we must not change its color now Will you walk us uptown? No matter what the price Each crushed on the corner of their own paradise Will you walk us uptown? Will you walk us uptown? That's always assuming that you're partly divine and partly human You're the king of our hearts, you're the clown with the drum Will you walk us uptown if we promise not to run? Will you walk us uptown? Will you gather us near as cowards flee and traitors sneer? Keep a red flag flying, keep a blue flag as well and a white flag in case it all goes to hell (hell!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Coup f/ Black Thought, Talib Kweli Album: Pick a Bigger Weapon Song: My Favorite Mutiny Typed by: robburns1@mac.com * * send corrections to the typist [Black Thought] Move, if you got the nerve Lash out for your just desserts It's not just the worth Some of y'all heads up in the clouds I'ma bring y'all back to earth It's black back to birth Bullshit y'all talkin' 'bout Out ya mouth, I'm not concerned Cause y'all got the nerve It's y'all turn like Detroit red When he said he had an ultra perm The long walk to burn your bare heels So they worn your boots The game camouflage like army suits But I can see it more clear cause I came with the coup in here Ring the alarm and form the troops Send 'em out into the world, go to war in a fluke Eye to eye with the enemy you sworn to shoot Now comin' at ya neck sick ya hand, something wrong with me Motherfucker somethin's wrong with you When you cheat just way to smart to question The enemy the brothers of a dark complexion The governments of the world is shark infested They heavy on weaponry like Charelton Heston Man yeah it gets low here uh, real low Know what I'm talkin' 'bout? I ain't rockin' with you, so what what you goin do? (it's my favorite mutiny) I ain't rockin' with you, you're logic does not compute (it's my favorite mutiny) [Boots] Death to the pigs is my basic statement I spit street stories 'til I taste the pavement Tryin' to stay out the pen while we face enslavement Had a foolproof hustle 'til they traced the payments I was grippin' my palm around some shitty rum Tryin' to find psalm number 151 To forget what I'm owed, as I clutch the commode Alright, put down the bottle and come get the guns I get off the chain like Kunta Kinte with a MAC-10 They want us gone like a dollar in a crack den Said at least a track then, seeds & stems Mind cloudy through the wheeze and phlegm I'm get my brain off of that and the Jesus hymns If we waiting for the time to fight, these is thems Tellin' us to relax while they ease it in. We gettin greased again The truth I write is so cold, It'd freeze my pen I'm Boots Riley it's a pleasure to meet you Never let they punk ass ever defeat you They got us on the corner wearin pleather and see thru All y'all's gold mines they wanna deplete you I ain't just fin to rap on the track, I fin to clap on the back And it's been stackin' to that Been a hundred years before iceberg ever lean back in the 'lac Before they told Rosa black in the back Before the CIA told Ricky Ross to put crack in the sack And Gil-Scott tradin' rappin for smack This beat alone should get platinum plaques I'd rather see a million of us ecstatic to scrack 'Cause if we bappin' 'em back we automatically stack [Talib Kweli] This the guy like Truman C[e1] Riq, Boots and me Activate in the community Up in the bay like Huey P It's like a free, it remind me of the B Kder's love for me But beats got it twisted, I'll untangle it Black mind is entwined like the ropes they used to hang us with This is my favorite shit, I came in the game with any way to spit Ya got a questionnaire, who you bangin' with? Take it back to M hotel Throw a step deeper like a poor righteous teacher with holy intellect Killer flow form a real niggaz laughin' and forni fairly at a jigabou at a penitent (???) Once again you can feel hip-hop Underground, still about McGruff Gangsta like, fuck the cops Talib Kweli revolutionary mc, and that ain't about stuff The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danny! f/ Joi, ?uestlove Album: Payback Song: Do It All Over Again Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Danny!] And they wonder why niggaz that made it sounds so bitter on the record, why they filled with the hatred Bumpin "The Minstrel Show" six years ago, damn they was sore The critics said the angst, made the casual listeners short Even I was like, "Dag, yo why they rappin so mad?" But now I get it fam, bein overlooked is a drag That's why I take seven years of bein resentful Compose my instrumental, then I drop a classic album on you fags But then... that's when the wack reviews come in When they purposefully deduct a point or two from a ten Like when... you hand in the perfect term paper and the teacher takes away a point for writing in pen It's the same thing cause everybody knows that D. Swain's king but they act like he ain't hearin that he's not entertaining They say he's self-absorbed and only talk about himself Motherfucker I'm a rapper, what the FUCK is you saying?!! It isn't easy bein everybody's secret If underrated is a compliment, then keep it If you support an artist, you should never keep it to yourself and, nobody else (Tired of bein overlooked man, c'mon) Yeah I give you my hits, with a personal twist Put myself on Front St., this the thanks that I get?? I get it, you take my life and throw it square at my face I'm only mentioned when you're lookin for a charity case Give me eight and a half stars, hopin I'll disappear A month later, twenty rappers emerge and it's THEM you revere for doin the same shit, I did for years Y'all gon' make me lose my mind, up in here, here, here... Y'all gon' make me lose my mind, up in here, here, here... Ask me would I press rewind? Nigga yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah... Despite the pain and disappointments I've experienced I still would do it all again, agaaaaaaain... [?uestlove] Ehh, I-I guess I can let this out the bag.. {beat changes} [Danny!] Yo, we one in the same Went from burnin CD-Rs' now we runnin the game Yo I used to sell these beats for 'bout a month and some change Nonstop, just so I can cop some ones and a chain and a stack of records, cause I'd rather mint these beats So the process sorted like lather, rinse, repeat "Yo it's gotta be more to life," I would say to myself I ain't makin it for my health, man I wanna make a name for myself I name my price and it was scarin 'em So I had to low-ball, rap game was totalitarian Finally found a decent asking price Man it was so rough, I used to sell the same beat twice Almost got my ass beat for that They had a nigga writin everyone's receipt for that Linked up with my nigga Ill Shawn from the gutter We would be up in the studio 'til dawn, motherfucker Makin classics, Shawn was in the zone with the mic I provide 'em with the beats 'til that fateful night I spit a verse, Shawn was like, "I didn't know you could write Stick with me, and I promise you'll be straight for life" After that, he was literally my biggest fan We sold dope in our respective fields, that was the game plan 'Til his girl called me, told me that my boy got knocked Drugs found, ratted on by some toy cop They sent him upstate, now I'm back to square one I had to trust fate, take my fuckin snare drums and keep pushin with no days off And Shawn would promise me that everything would soon pay off  ("One, two, three, four!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ Black Thought Album: Art Official Intelligence (Mosaic Thump) Song: Weed #3 - Black Thought Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [announcer] And you thought ghost weed was only for the thugs? Hey hoe! (What?) Yeaaaaah you hoe! (Oh yeah me true true) You can be down too! ***** Yo yo, whatever to that I got this Thought shit right here yo, Black Thought I got that shit DOWN PAT Check hold on hold on let me hit that {*inhales*} 	(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) Got that Thought shit yo, yo bust it bust it Bout to freak that shit ***** [Black Thought] Check me out yo, yo, check it out Uhh, as we descend upon the city of schemes See the image fadin into view from a black screen A frail grandmother pack a heavy mac-teen We fiend slash machines in the struggle and things .. .. bloody denim scuff knuckle and things Sucker-punchin fake rappers forcin me to take it to the extreme Oh you real son well whattayou mean? How you real when you hustlin dreams? How you feel like you fuckin with me? Now burn the 5th Militia flame-thrower The mic soldier, takin things over You're not sober, consider thinking things over, relax We bout to spit it all over the track, yo ***** 	What can't have any girl doin Black Thought (Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!) Don't even listen to him, don't sweat it 	Word yo! [Announcer] Ghost weed, it's not like WOW, it's like WHOA! [Disclaimer] Ghost weed has been brought to you by Whack Tobacc' incorporated A subsidiary of move your ass products Remember when using ghost weed be sure to apply the puff-puff-pass or brain damage may occur Results of our product do not include platinum plaques Void were prohibited The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dice Raw f/ Black Thought, Steve G's Album: Reclaiming the Dead Song: Lockdown Typed by: micprome@aol.com Yo, they got us locked down, in a cell under the ground Tryin' to push for a mainstream sound Yo, they got us locked down, in a cell under the ground Tryin' to push for a mainstream sound Every artist locked down, in a cell under the ground Tryin' to push for a mainstream sound Every rapper locked down, in a cell under the ground Tryin' to push for a mainstream sound [Dice Raw] Man, it used to feel like hip-hop had a lock on my soul And a deal was the only way I'd get parole I got knocked years ago when I wrote my first rhyme Ever since then, I been locked down doin' time Payin' dues with a lot to gain, but more to lose I play the game, but they keep changin' the rules The studio's a holding cell for lyrical criminals Doing demo tapes, hold mics like shanks Battlin', that's like a fight in the yard Lines chase niggas down like Lieutenant Gerard But I love it there, and some say that I'm institutionalized Freestyling's our only form of exercise I don't lift weights, lift my mind to a higher state If your shit's wack, you just can't relate I have nightmares of bein' back on the streets But when I wake up in my cell, I feel relief Bein' on tour is like bein' transferred to jail And the companies reattempt to boost your sales In my last case, they came at me with a deal The D.A., I mean A&R, said "You can still keep shit real But instead of Raw, be Dice Chill Give us some hits with some commercial appeal" I refused, then sent back to my cell And from next time, a poet's memoirs from jail [Steve G's] The prisoner, verbal incision They strangle me with barbed wires of fire, fuck a mainstream vision The label is the feds, they wanna find me and sign me With a market and promotion behind me, but they slimy My cellmate Dice Raw is nice, y'all I assassinate rehearsal, if I go commercial I'll slice y'all Studio's solitary, so I'm soliterrorizin' MCs Steve G's, freeze, melt, refreeze Mics get raped on my cell block, we battle for commissary Parole boards for adversary I lost the trial, I lost the case What a waste, judge threw the rhyme book in my face But my brain left and right is like the unstoppable engine Locked down, pushin' for mainstream like syringes Fuck a C.O., my shit's gone gold like C3PO Ask Kelo, he know we go T-O The top, this is cell block hip-hop Yo, the underground keep the shank hot Locked down with MCs doin' life bids Beware when the pen zags and zigs [Black Thought] Aiyyo, it was far from warm, the middle of a storm And 5th Dynasty was on our way to perform It was me, Steve G's, Dice and the Quick Drawn And we got pulled over, we knew something was wrong The law wasn't concerned with license and registration Insurance information, or our point of destination But peep, they got us up out the Jeep five deep And took a look and saw the mics up under the seat And start'd snappin', flippin' and shit like "Who's rappin'?" Got on the radio and signaled back to the captain Who warned them we was known for action "Use caution, and get them contracts from when they brought us back" and The fingerprints matched and linked identities D.T.s was like "Shit, it's the 5th MCs" Ain't no escapin', locked us in a lab and started tapin' Mandatory, the judge said "Fuck jury deliberation" Maximum incarceration In these camps for concentration we call radio stations A place where hip-hoppin' is against the law Forever locked down within a lower corridor Of sound, where they sniff out cells with bloodhounds Pure MCs, MCs' remains is found Pick the park when a record executive's around Yo, we bubble to the top notch round The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dilated Peoples f/ Black Thought Album: Expansion Team Song: Hard Hitters Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com [CHORUS] Stories 'bout the angels of brotherly love This is for the sisters and brothers we love "Come on" We care enough to give it uncut, straight up With no chaser 'cause time don't wait up Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Worldwide" The microphone's up for grabs Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Evidence" The microphone's up for grabs [Evidence] Yo Hunters and gatherers, Nomads in Attica Radical Terrorists and those who tally up the data What matters most is they can boast But scatter when toast is close Burners pressed to your throat you ghost Of course You could chose to go against the force I'll fire straight ahead There'll be no mission abort We can take it to the streets or take it to court Supreme shit get hit over your fort, open the door We've opened up for different artists on tour Sixty percent love, Forty percent war, Let's settle the score Most things are rot at the core Not what they seem Watch the two worlds you're stuck in between Or pay the penalty Zero strikes, Zero Felonies Lay low hakido master Redirecting energy I use words similar but none sound fresher than "Three of us who rap together" [CHORUS] Stories 'bout the angels of brotherly love This is for the sisters and brothers we love "Come on" We care enough to give it uncut, straight up With no chaser 'cause time don't wait up Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Worldwide" The microphone's up for grabs Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Iriscience" The microphone's up for grabs [Rakaa (Iriscience)] Aiiyo you could probably find Rakaa at De Rokerij Puffin' AK, sippin cafe au lait In Amsterdam chillin in the cafe all day Bang my shit between classes in your school hallways You're fuckin' with expansion all-access Hard journeys make you treat your mic like a cactus Rap iconoclast that loves to sound flash And sticky green grass with orange and brown hash Take your tape up and take this on I heard anything that does not kill will make strong And I build one of the sickest holding this still You need a dose of eccinacea with a little golden seal If you boots turn up my two boots Babu slice and dice your crew and produce hits Misunderstandings go back to the blues but ah- There ain't nothing like hip hop music [CHORUS] Stories 'bout the angels of brotherly love This is for the sisters and brothers we love "Come on" We care enough to give it uncut, straight up With no chaser 'cause time don't wait up Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Worldwide" The microphone's up for grabs Thats why we're sending cats back to the lab "Black Thought" The microphone's up for grabs [Black Thought] Live everyday like its your last 'Cause one day ??you'd fight??, my nigga Fuck around son it might be tonight cause figure The likeliness of you surviving this brawl is slim It's like scuba diving with no oxygen Monster when I situate my slang Leave a nigga almost brainless once and bang Had a crowd screamin bout how they don't want your thang Keep it the sharpest one in the game its no secret My style is certified , Philly-Animal rough Runnin' things, pull more strings than gamble and huff Cannibal hustlers taught me how to handle myself hit man for hire pull a hot pick from shelf and spark The pioneer to represent illadelph is Thought I got these weak niggas pullin theyselves apart Y'all know the tone the one that hold the throne That radiate your dome like a motorola phone nigga*echoes* Dilated*echoes* "From the angels of cali to illadelph crack build" "Hard Hitters" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Krush f/ The Roots Album: Meiso Song: Meiso Typed by: sronning@yahoo.com [Black Thought] Yin for yang I walk on a line Between ghetto slang and stimulation of the mind Life is a labyryth for dollars and cents As I quest for cream, through the steam so dense From the sensei me a puff, cause the tunnel is tough Some lick shots with sound, some'll bust from the cannon Experts o-rig-i-nal man'll examine I am in fact lacking con-fus-ion, as to what's real and what's illus-ion I come from Illadelph where ya health you never take for granted As hot as the equator in a cypher round the planet Or abnormal, niggas appearing out of portals and demanding your soul Who controls the eight immortals but the number seven In this continual maze, where night fight with days Within my mind marijuan blaze And some say I should change my ways But it's hard to hear the phrase through the havoc and haze Thought's style will never since or never cease to excella-rate It's the great lab dwella Tha mentals of The Roots are beyond any computer The judge prosecutor, or the drug distributor Respect to the ex-Lex Luger, my nigga Malik B the intruder Phila 5th Dynasty's the future And DJ Krush is the producer, ya healin with the ginseng Roots We get ya renascence loosa Remember me the Thought I represent essentially and mentally eventually, ya mention me as most high My decibels are most fly, I come to paint ya Thought's Black Yo Krush, where's it at?!!!??! [Malik B] The Roots bring it from the Phila Fifth, spill the gift The melody of a felony is straight off a cliff Now can I get a witness to dismiss Christmas from the myth list Man that's bogus, let's try to stay focused You would think it was the Fourth of July Cause in Illadelph a round of applause light up the sky Why? Don't ask me, subtle attitudes sometimes nasty Foul mouth bitches walk around looking trashy Bimbos talking about where's the indo? Crackheads leavin babies unattended at the window To see death, and brothers with strikes who got three left I'm trying to make it, cause if I don't I'll probably take it But perserverence is a virtue The person that you thinking you hurting might hurt you Ya celly might jerk too Perhaps I'll go to court this time when I'm summoned But I'm a rebel to the system so I might not be coming So if I fail, man just get up the bail It's just more time to write another story to tell Ill elements, drop intelligence, Black Thought Malik B fuck up their-re-le-vance We got strain on the brain from bodies left in the dust Man just leave it to us, look main aim and I'll bust Fuck betrayal just trust, all the tracks we lust With DJ Krush from Japan with no more need to discuss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Krush f/ Black Thought Album: Zen * Song: Zen Approach Typed by: bstan@yourmom.com * currently only available in Japan or as an import (Verse 1) Yo, yo, you wasn't payin' attention, I'm henchman, hit the entrance Trenchin', wasn't no means, a intervention A dollar bill will make a hundred-ten Yen son How much you willing to sacrifice to win, huh? I personally have paid mine and then some Climbed up an inch at a time, now who the Zen one If not self, whom else could you depend on Friends gon' swear it's aight, and probably been wrong I've got them battlefield dents in my armor A twitch from the drama, the trees, and bad Karma But yo, I'm a precision, proceed ya preformer We operate every night, and leave in the morning To get you high as a kite is the reason you wanted It's like, a direct flight from freezing to burning hot shit The audience fiend for this fix And Krush come with the guillotine for this mix yo... [Various soft-spoken words from Black Thought] (Verse 2) Yo, who got they fingers on the carousel, locked in position It's got to be my guy, the turntable tactician You all in a hush, silent, trying to listen You wanna feel this realness, that reads "spittin" It got ya head, splits ya eyes, can't stop twitchin' The only thing that you can do is rock to the rhythm Thought puttin' down, cuz he's the world-reknowned See me lickin' rhymes, trappin' like I'm firing rounds And um, you in tune to this infinite sound And um, the revolution poppin' off right now  I make you raise ya fist, raise and I'm proud Raise ya fifth, and bust it at the flag like BLOW You fuck-boy niggas tryin' to keep it on a hush But Black Thought spit it cuz you people want the rush You feel? That's why the audience fiend for this fix And Krush come with the guillotine for this mix yo... [Various soft-spoken words from Black Thought] (Verse 3) Yo, I got that renaissance, turn-of-the-century choke And I'ma do the people right if y'all just give me the vote We feel to ride, hit 'em high, Krush just give me the rope See all the porcelain chase cats gettin' the broke One at a time, now best focus on who the dime When your blade's sharp as mine and people want you to rhyme And want you to spill, for me it's not nothin' for real Me and my man run at your band yo we tough on the will He'll blow ya mind like bustin' the steel  I give the crowd somethin to feel This sound got the power to heal It's like The Green Mile, now I need an hour to chill A quarter a kill, the bird while patrolling the field I'm puttin' rappers out cold  I done rocked from Tokyo to the North Pole  Whenever my man program the passcode y'all receive the fist Aiyo Krush come with the guillotine for this mix yo... [Various soft-spoken words from Black Thought] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fort Minor f/ Black Thought, Styles of Beyond Album: The Rising Tied Song: Right Now Typed by: kamerj@hotmail.com [Mike Shinoda] Someone right now is leaving their apartment Looking down at the street, and wondering where their car went Someone in the car sitting at a signal In front of a restaurant, staring through the window It's someone right now who's fingering their teeth Who could use a little floss, right across the street There's somebody on the curb who really needs a jacket Spent half the rent, on a bar getting plastered Now he's gotta walk, 14 blocks Just to work at a shop where he's about to get fired Someone right now is looking pretty tired Staring at a labtop trying to get inspired It's somebody, livin right across the street Just wrote the best thing that she's written all week But her best friend is coughin up blood in the sink He can't even think what happened, feeling so confused That he knows it looks bad, but there's nothing he can do I wonder what's it like being right there in his shoes But.. [Chorus] 1x (Mike Shinoda) Yo, I'm just taking it in Out the window of a hotel, better again Tomorrow I will be gone I don't know when I will be back But in this world everything can change just like that Like that, like that, like that that, like that, just like that [Tak of Styles Of Beyond] Somebody right now is droppin his vote Inside a box, and trying not to get shot in his throath For the act of freedom Right now somebody stuck in Iraq, hoping that he gets shipped back breathing In a war, but he's not really sure of the reason So we show our support when the press mislead him Though we mourn, remain proud to salute the troops Get some, I know you boys got some work to do [Ryu of Styles Of Beyond] Meanwhile, right now someone's 25 to life Or standing on the corner with their thumb up hitch hike And scratching of a lotto ticket, hoping for the real winners Sneaking through the border just to work and eat a real dinner Right now, someone wishes they were you and I Steady second guessing fatal thoughts of quiet suicide But right now, staring at the window at a fiend With holes in their arms, and holes in his jeans He pulled out a cigarette, and sparked the lighting Right around the corner, just out of my sight, but.. [Chorus] 2x (Mike Shinoda) Yo, I'm just taking it in From a second story hotel window again TV's on, and my bags are packed But in this world everything can change just like that Like that, like that, like that that, like that, just like that [Black Thought] Right now, somebody is sitting in the darkness Trying to figure out how to put some heat in their apartment But they got a little mattress, a little carpet And they appreciate it 'cause some people on a park bench You see some rushing naked to the office Wife fly by when she coming from the market Right now somebody's coming out of pocket Trying to dump that rock, they run around on the block with Same time the cops is raising their glocks With ink, to fill your legs and your back with som hot shit Right now somebody is struggling to stop this mess He's kickin and punching and cussing at the doctors Down the hall, a child is takin it's first breath The docters ain't even passed him to the nurse yet Yeah, yo, I wonder if he understand what he's worth yet Life, time spent, while we're on the earth yet The answer to the question we all see Can be found, it depends on how free ya'll we think Right now, it's somebody who ain't eat all week That would kill for the shit you throw away in the street I guess one man's trash is the next man's treasure One man's pain is the next man's pleasure One say infinty, the next say forever Right now everybody gotta get it together, man [Chorus] (Mike Shinoda) Uh, I'm just taking it in In an another strange hotel lobby again With my luggage and my bag, I don't know where I'm at I'm in the world where it all changes just like that Like that, like that, like that that, like that, just like that Yeah, I'm just taking it in Out the window of a hotel, better again Tomorrow I will be gone I don't know when I will be back But in this world everything can change just like that Like that, like that, like that that, like that, just like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Black Thought Album: Apollo Kids Song: In Tha Park Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] One-two, yeah, yeah ya'll niggas don't know about Fat Back With the different color records they had back in the days Youknowhatimean, the belt driven, turntables, the Techniq joints Put nickels on they needles so the muthafucking record won't jump, the needle won't skip and shit Getting juice from the fucking light pole, shout out to the Bronx, nigga! [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, the shit go way back like the unique marker Kid bombing the D train and hit the Bronx, up Crowd all planned to attack, Planet Rock Bambataa Peace to Pelon, discovering rap And the DJ that made the first scratch, paved the way For Flex, Mister Cee, Enuff and Big Kap See this rap shit? Came at a time that was accurate Twenty something years later, I mastered it Seen light poles get used for power, I was a little nigga Couldn't stay out late, I was shallow So I sat by the window, hear the DJ cut And peace to Prez, Apache had just begun Otis Redding, scram, the music stopped Guess the system blew out one of his amps It'll take a little while, then it come back on Somebody stepped on the wire and shit, that's all Now every body's back in the groove, echo chamber Check one-two, one-two, that's my favorite Strobe lights is live, pink champel Little pen joints being lit up on the side Couple niggas had two-fives, under they neck Clear the circle in the park and shoot five Girls wore they D's from Jelly's, Jordash and Lee's Cheers, lord, fit the feli's Scents is burning, Kangol buckets, BVD's Go with the Sergio's, like fuck it Seen the stamp on that Crazy Eddie, niggas coming back from the fun house Dusted, throwing bubbles on the wall, sweating [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] We must remind you, where this rap come Yes, my brother, my sister, it's our duty, we must remind you Hip hop, was set out in the park Hip hop, was set out in the park Hip hop, was set out in the park We used to do it out in the dark [Black Thought] Yo, it all started at the After Midnight Philly, but walk with me Mad niggas coming down from New York City Wally hit the skating rink, USA Banging Schooli, gangsta boogie and PSK I remember shells, gazelles, top tens and lotto's Mega designs, reefer smoke, hokey nine bottle And time on valor's, quarter boys with the lucci war Eighty-four from Atlantic City Gucci store Linoleum break dancing, rush stole in your camp I put the writing on the wall, signed, truly yours Philly smash '87 music, seminar Out in the battlefield, like, Pat Benetar Hit the bar with crowd rulers out of Camden People Patty Duking in the party all cramped in Around the time, Flav started Cold Lamping Rebel Without a Pause was the street anthem Old Memorex cassette, tape collections Bright spotlight on all the fights at the Spectrum When the fresh rest come, leather bombers and sheepskins Brothers would bust they gun to get one MC Breed, Disco C, Jazzy Jeff, Cash Money and Miz, and Lady B Everybody banging Sucker MC's in '83 I was South Philly like St. Charles and Crazy D The wild north side Puerto Ricans would snuff you Twenty deep in a Ford Escort, bumping the Tuff Crew I used to follow my cousin he was a buck two Ya'll don't like how I'm living well fuck you I've been a G since a little kid Sticking my head up in somebody dollar party getting into shit At late night should of been in bed Instead I was running round with them downtown lemon head And little man, hanging where them grown women is Under thirteen seeing real strong images And that's the reason for my real rap penmanship That's where I started at and that's where I'mma finish it, what?!? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Guru f/ The Roots Album: Jazzmatazz * Streetsoul (Vol. 3) Song: Lift Your Fist Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Guru] Yeah.. Guru, huh, The Roots Yeah, c'mon y'all uh, lift your fist Uhh, yeah, lift your fist c'mon (Uhh) [Chorus: Black Thought] To all my people, just lift your fist Seem like it ain't no peace, no justice How you want it, the bullet or the microchip? Either way you got to lift your fist; we get it down like this To all my people, ball up your first Seem like it ain't no peace, no justice How you want it, the bullet or the microchip? Either way you got to lift your fist [Black Thought] Yo, c'mon We livin life close to the edge, don't push But this ain't eighty-three and it's not the Cold Crush It's kids on the street strapped, huffin that kush(?) They eyein the next cat, livin all plush I guess frustration make a brother do what he must What's the combination that can make a human erupt Team leaders gettin mutinied up, who couldn't read the signs, thinkin the day and times is (??) [Guru] Indeed, we blast, refuse to kiss ass Quick fast, ready to mash cause of a bugged out past Swallow the pain, follow the mental terrain It takes a hell of a man, nowadays to maintain Garments bloodstained, face bruised and battered Our eyes reflect the agony, of dreams that were shattered And they love it, when we wild out and kill our own but the greater responsibility, yes, is still our own [Guru] Uhh, worldwide famine, ghetto people demand that somebody do somethin soon, and let's examine the facts, behind the violent attacks Behind the daily gunplay the cocaine and the crack Thug season - what's the reason for the treason? Everybody's gotta eat, some gotta resort to thievin Take money money make money money money.. [Black Thought] Yo - from the time they eyes open til the clock strike death Brothers is stressed, walkin 'round holdin they chest They got the government surveyin they steps and can't breathe They dynamitin them projects to smithereens Money comin but them days too few and far between You tryin to taste just what the world's offering, ya'mean? I seen enough to make a grown man scream Brothers thirsty and hongry to get that thing [Guru] Too many tears of pain, too many years of struggle Too many drops of blood, too many problems to juggle Too few jobs available, too few schools equipped Too few role models; just gangsters and pimps Will you succumb, will your heart grow numb or will you save the world, and use your mind like a gun? I'm the one - I turn a stick-up kid to a soldier Me and The Roots, word up, we takin over [Chorus] w/ variations (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hilltop Hoods f/ Black Thought (The Roots), Lotek Album: Drinking from the Sun Song: Living in Bunkers Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Pressure] When I came, I started like an arsonist to set a flame Mastering this art, I'm everlasting when I pen my name Darker like my letters stained markers on the head of Cain Sharper than a marksman with a target in my centre frame A father, so my red in veins harboured by my said-in name or rather, with my other forefathers and genetic strain If we ain't asking for respect or fame with words as dope as marijuana, though it's hard to take what's said in vein A splinter faction, so we're carving up against the grain Laughing at them grasping over stardom and a sense of claim Hard to hang your head in shame rather than accept the blame Own your hardships, we're only master when we shed the chains Affect the game, cause and effect, check the change Forget your name and not the part of it from where you came Dangerous tracks like a scar where you inject the vein Murdering your martyrs, I'm the harbinger to end the pain [Chorus: Lotek] + (Suffa) Unforgiven, staying hidden like we're living in bunkers whether you're in Sri Lanka or you live in Toronto Dominican or Indian, we're living like hunters whether you're in the Congo or live in Rwanda (What we doing 'Tek?) Staying hidden like we're living in bunkers whether you're in Sri Lanka or you live in Toronto Dominican or Indian, we're living like hunters whether you're in the Congo or live in Rwanda [Suffa] Check, I've got a cache of beats to make 'em get on the floor Ranging from better than yours, to way better than yours The heavy metal supporter leaving competitors floored The most malevolent devil to ever tread on the shore I'm a composer with a grudge ready to settle the score and you supposedly the one to wreck like never before? Please, you a Stooge like you're standing with Iggy So please, bear with me like I'm standing with grizzlies I'm a dark moon rising, bred in the 'burbs I'm for beyond the horizon, ahead of the curve And now your head is on swerve like you're Linda Blair and painted eyes on my eyelids, they think I'm staring Even when I'm sleeping, eye the angles I sleep with demons, dine with angels (Screaming) I'm the last one that you wanna start on I'm sicker than lighting the next one off the last one [Black Thought] Uh, kick it up a little notch, let the heat knock for the number one soul brother next to Pete Rock I'm from the gutter, came out my mother Tariq Trot' Doctor told me I was only human like the beat box I've been sicker than dope fiends in detox and been around plenty time like a G-Shock I ain't doing the kind of dimes my brother Keith got It's Mr. Big Stuff taking Heavy D's spot The same Rik Geezy, my man speak easy Old soul, so ice cold, they can't unfreeze me, listen Streets need me, so I represent my town Two one pound, where they keep enough shots to go around Uh, watch the crown, most underrated None above it, you gotta love it, folks wanna hate it In a P-A-N-A-mera Porsche four-door Headed down town, riding round bumping Wurx' joint [Lotek] We're staying hidden like we're living in bunkers If you living in Tonga, or you living in Russia Sydney city to Nigeria, they're living like hunters whether you're in the Gaza or live in Casablanca The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Black Thought (The Roots) Album: Jay Stay Paid Song: Reality TV Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Bear witness motherfucker!"} [Black Thought] Yo, I'm havin trouble at the crib I'm goin at it with my baby mother where I live While the soldiers bleed, the economy recede And all she want to watch is reality TV Went from us in real life to "Strange Love" Some behavior, I couldn't figure the +Flavor+ Dropped out of "Charm School" when she fell in love with +New York+ And love money, that's what I'm not made of I bought a membership to the "Celebrity Fit Club" To see if I could stand a +Real Chance+ with this +Love+ It don't make sense, the way she tried to turn a +G to a Gent+ But need "Tough Love," don't get it mixed up I was one of them "Wildboyz," "Shootin for Sizemore" She was a little live joint, watchin "The Osbournes" The "Best Week Ever," had her goin for broke like Eddie Griffin Or Danny Bonaduce, but no he never listened When I drop a super "Sweet 16" Daydreamin of becomin Miss Rap Supreme, or maybe "Making a Band" but bring your guns out, sing your lungs out Move out like "Daddy's Girls" out of "Run's House" But that's against all odds Pick apart this mic, come try to "Pimp Your Ride" Real as "Real Housewives of Atlanta," yeah it's real outside And it's like an episode of "College Hill" outside Whether it be for the love of the payday Or for the love of tryin to have a baby for Ray J The most smartest model on "Project Runway" She wanna be Kimora livin "Life in the Fab Lane" And change her last name, and since "Gotti's Way" was pase' She watched Salt-N-Pepa and +Celeb Rehab+ day That's all she talk about at the cafe I swear to God it drove me to drink about a half a carafe My head's so spinnin, I'm so through with women Who watch reruns of "The Real World" with dinner And Kim Kardashian, moms and Bruce Jenner And Three 6 Mafia show, and Jerry Springer Scott Baio, 46 and "Knocked Up" I'd rather see "The First 48" or "Locked Up" Instead it's just a "Nanny 911," I'm "Trading Spouses" "Extreme Makeover" she rearranged the couches Now, she keep changin outfits I'm 'bout to get a Doctor Phil to do something about this The house not fresh, she not "Top Chef" I tell her "Viva La Bam," she tell me not yet Watching "Cribs" lookin at shit, she never gon' get America's best dance move she tryin to do the step 'Bout to do her like Beyonce and tell her to the left Truth be told, she 'bout to television me to death YO~! {"Bear witness motherfucker! All day"} {"Bear witness motherfucker!"} {"Bear witness motherfucker! All, day"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nikki Jean f/ Black Thought, Lupe Fiasco Album: Pennies In a Jar Song: Million Star Motel Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Lupe Fiasco] Good day sir, if you need anything let us know Hope you enjoy your stay [Nikki Jean] Lord knows I've been lower Locked underneath the cellar door I've been bent till I broke but never more You might ask why I'm smiling with filthy pockets, you can't tell Diamond shine in the midnight sky and the world is my million star motel [Lupe Fiasco] L-U-P, I'm back where the beat at Love always shines every time I see that Hugging the track if you're under attack or you're stuck, I'll be back in your arms like a relapse Take you out the lobby, put you where a suite at Sweet, you ain't gotta check out or bring the key back Keep that, "do not disturb" on the door This a non-smoking floor, not where the infidels creep at In a room where the lovers don't cheat at Concierges, room service Complimenting mini-bar, you ain't reserve this But you deserve this, and we all agree that House-keep let you sleep where you dream at and if you need new dreams, we can bring that This the W-O-R-L-D Anytime, anything where Nikki Jean at [Nikki Jean] God bless non-believers They teach the dreamers how to fly Love and hate fuel the fire inside their eyes The suits and the schemers can't see beyond what they can sell Diamonds shine in the midnight sky being kept by a million star motel [Black Thought] Uh, checked into a room with a view One brick wall, one portrait of you Still feel like I was walking into a place more blessed than the less fortunate do But, it couldn't be more far from the truth Spot look small, not far from the booth And the basement not far from the roof And the whole staff look way darker than blue But, I'm not really wanting for too much I could feel like a millionaire with a few bucks Whether in black Chucks or a new tux Some take note but never give two fucks Whether Wu-Tang Clan or the Klu-Klux wonder how the world gon' handle the new stuff? Find true love, that's my new drug Nikki Jean get the orchestra cued up [Nikki Jean] You might ask why I'm smiling with filthy pockets, can't you tell Diamonds shine in the midnight sky and the world is my million star hotel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Linkin Park f/ Black Thought, The X-Ecutioners Album: Re-animation Song: X-ecutioner Style Typed by: glossman69@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched: "From the top.." 6-8X*} {*scratched: "Shut up!" 8X*} "I'm about to.." {*scratched: "Wasn't that fun? Let's try something else.."*} [Black Thought]  Forty-five caliber killer, right out of the Phila- -dela thriller show you brothers how you not a guerilla Smooth talkin, fully automatic weapon concealer Taste thriller, great filler, hit 'em with the Godzilla Filthy stinkin, standin on side of ground and still be sinkin Submergin in the Parks and still be Linkin Pluck beef when it starts, but {fuck} your thinkin It's not a mirage I rip the {motherfuckin} track up from out the garage Where I'm hip to the duck, but it's hard to dodge In the back of that spine where my darts is lodged Thought flippin straight up, rippin apart your squad X-Ecutioner style, that cuts and blends Like a syringe, we bangin you in each of your limbs See me comin through your party hard, without no bodyguard Smokin somethin, stompin on each of your Timbs I'm the B to the L, the A, the C-King (uh huh..) And when it comes to plannin the Thought, keep thinkin that {*scratched: "Shut up!" 8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bob Marley f/ The Roots Album: Chant Down Babylon Song: Burnin' and Lootin' (Remix) Typed by: Noitacguht@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Bob Marley] Jah! Rastafari [Black Thought] Black Thought from the legendary Foundations Sendin' this one out to the people, knah I mean? My peoples in the streets of Illadel The streets of New York City, know what I'm sayin'? The streets of Jamaica to the ghettos of London Word up, peoples in the struggle in ???, Cuba, South Africa Word up, worldwide, Roots crew And yo, open your minds to this one, feel it Feel this joint, for real Uh yo yo yo [Bob Marley] This morning I woke up in a curfew O God, I was a prisoner too, yeah! Could not recognize the faces standing over me They were all dressed in uniforms of brutality, ay! How many rivers do we have to cross Before we can talk to the boss? ay! All that we got, it seems we have lost We must have really paid the cost [Hook - Bob Marley] That's why we gonna be burnin' and a-lootin' tonight I said we're gonna burn and a-loot Burnin' and a-lootin' tonight One more thing Burnin' all pollution tonight Oh yeah, yeah Burnin' all illusion tonight Oh stop them, stop them, stop them [Bob Marley] Give me the food and let me grow Let the Roots Man take a blow, ay! I said all them, all them drugs gon' make you slow It's not the music of the ghetto [Hook - Bob Marley] We gonna be burnin' and a-lootin' tonight (Said we're gonna burn and a-loot) Burnin' and a-lootin' tonight One more thing [Black Thought] Yo y'all know the time I'm tryin' to eat in '99, I need more Some takin' this to the streets right, they want war The sheriff at the front door, he comin' to hunt y'all You got these devils at the back door that wanna confront y'all They want y'all to pass like some type of gun law They come in the night, then block out every border you can run for Me, I'ma rocket launcher, a militant monster I'm self sponsor, light up the mic just like ganja Black Thought in the flesh, no impostor power hilly Thorough bred soldiers ain't with the same silly shit that's uncertain Rap inside a steel curtain His net workin' or shoulders, backs, and necks hurtin', for real So be supreme or just remain a mere person Yo you can find knowledge of self or keep searchin' Whoever in the crevices, thirsty, workin' Beneath the surface y'all know the purpose Keep the streets burnin' yo [Hook - Bob Marley] Burnin' and a-lootin' tonight I said we're gonna burn and a-loot now Burnin' and a-lootin' tonight One more thing Burnin' all pollution tonight Oh yeah, yeah Burnin' all illusion tonight Oh stop them The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley f/ Black Thought, Stephen Marley Album: Welcome to Jamrock Song: Pimpa's Paradise Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Black Thought] And yes y'all, you now rockin with the best Black Thought from the legendary Roots crew in the flesh I slid up in here with the brothers from the Marley family, crestin, we 'gon set for y'all [Verse 1: Stephen Marley] Hey! She loves to party, have a good time She looks so hearty, feeling fine She loves to smoke, sometimes snorting coke She's laughing when there ain't no joke, hey!!! [Chorus: Stephen Marley] (Background Singers) (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was, now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was [Verse 2: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Cause coke was a thing that once she first tried Was once a blue moon to once a blue sky And now she's wonderin who else wants to go by She don't got no money and wants to get high Story sounds familiar like born to be wild But she sillier, not quite the same but she similiar A waste of a saucy perilier Used to look good in the videos now she look hideous Now it's broken crack pipes with lipstick traces Work the cold nights red district places She seen more hotels then my tour suitcases Or male customers than Old Navy She love limelight more than John Swayze Seen more miles than I rent an AV She don't slow down then some day maybe She lost then she can't find her way to safety [Chorus: Stephen Marley] (Background Singers) (Pimpa'ss paradise) That's all she was now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was, now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was [Verse 3: Black Thought] Check it out! She keep her head up in space like a satellite Because she got a insatiable appetite For stayin out late night with all the parasites Plottin on the way to cop a little piece of paradise Her dignity the only thing that she could sacrifice Just get the monkey off her back and she be back in like Five minutes, she stay on the move She looked smoked up, and stoned at the buildin refused All coked up, alone she ain't even in tuned And it's sad cause she ain't really have a reason to use She was a pretty girl cleaner than the board of health studied than enjoyed herself I don't know what drove her to avoid herself Destroyed herself and took a taste of the yay And now she on the track workin while she wastin away It's safe to say she lookin for some place to stay Whoever got a lil' paper to play could get a slice of this... [Chorus: Stephen Marley] (Background Singers) (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was, now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was [Verse 3: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] For no reason a seasoned spliff was the first thing One spring season while she's out flirtin Now she season me and don't need rehearsin And seen get a beaten life is uncertained Ego need feedin now no one's mercy Beneath the demons she's a one person When she's not fiendin swearin and cursin Behind the curtain she's really hurtin And while her people don't even trust her at home The dealer that bring and cook the rock down And she without sinnin will spot the first stone The feelin kicks in she's in the dark zone Old friends walk pass goin bout there own As if she is someone that they don't know Then the King Of Kings lift her off the flo' Sayin life is a thing when you learn you grow [Chorus: Stephen Marley] (Background Singers) (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was, now (Pimpa's paradise) That's all she was [Outro: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley & Stephen Marley] She rise and fall like a star, her ride off like a car Her face full of all kind of scar, always with fist start a war She can't keep herself up to par, she plays like a broken guitar She always want take it to far Although she ain't go make it too far She rise and fall like a star, her ride off like a car Her face full of all kind of scar, always with fist start a war She can't keep herself up to par, she plays like a broken guitar She always want take it to far Mi wonder if she make it so far, wuy!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Ace f/ The Beatnuts, Rahzel Album: A Long Hot Summer Song: Oh My God Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Uhh... Beatnuts! Masta Ace Gettin cash to trash the place Take a blast, c'mon, uh... {"Oh my God"} [Masta Ace] Y'all rap dudes are funny, I don't feud with dummies I don't need no problems, I need food and money I recall when we used to fool with honeys That was cute as bunnies with the smoothest tummies Now we like Brinks tryin to move this money Run with cast to Ak-man, rude and crummy It's the chairman of the board and I'm carryin a sword I look heavy in a Chevy and I'm scary in a Ford F-150, you should just run swiftly Unless you nice, you like it you can just come get me Y'all dudes sweet like cakes and pies I go together with rap like shakes and fries And I hate them guys with hate in their eyes Hopin we fall, can't wait to rise Yeah, I'm all natural like a case of Snapple And don't talk shit cause the Ace'll slap you And don't try to run cause I'll chase and catch you Put a sharp blade to your face and scratch you (ouch) What'chu wan' fuck with a ninja for? I'm like a cornered rat with a injured paw And I'll bend your jaw and end your tour Even if I lose the battle I'ma win the war, yeah [Chorus: Rahzel] "Oh, my, God!" When Beatnuts and Masta Ace both up in the place It's like - "Oh, my, God!" When you can't find your girl, your girl probably up in our face She like - "Oh, my, God!" It's mad ways to do it my man, and we doin it hard We like - "Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh my, my, my God!" [Psycho Les] I don't mix weed with yay' Let's take it to the streets nigga lead the way I'ma watch you bleed your way into emergency You're gonna need surgery A facelift, face it, Psych' is whylin Like them niggaz on Riker's Island Stab you with a spoon in the lunchroom Have you hallucinatin {"Oh my God"} like you on mushroom Head twitchin, like an epileptic You'll get dropped (like what) like elephant shit I'm from the home of the Yankees You not feelin that then yank these, I'm sittin on twankies You goin nowhere fast like a treadmill Don't make me have to roll up to your crib and +Meet Your Parents+ like Ben Still' - you'll get killed for tryin to be a funny ass (like who) like Ben Hill (ha ha) I don't, wanna have to run up in your label And put a hole in ya head like a bagel (blaow!) From here to Milwaukee I do it for the kids like Bill Cosby (hey hey hey!) [JuJu] It's Big Ju the family favorite You should just place the name on your forehead and staple it I'm here y'all, I finally made it Then I can be really cool to talk to when I'm medicated One of the game's most underrated I'm makin a hit, then everybody wanna recreate it Every due that come through I paid it So now if you bite this, I'm leavin you decapitated Came to show you niggaz I got soul Me and the music man together bust out of control It's a feelin that's hard to hold Look, even if you pregnant it makes you wanna work that pole Now tell me y'all, what's really good? Cause everything I'm hearin on the radio is hillbilly hood It's evident that I clearly should put a fuckin foot up your ass to make the shit understood {"What's the matter trailer, can't you take a little heat?"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shaquille O'Neal f/ Black Thought, Common, Joi Album: Presents His Superfriends Vol. 1 Song: In the Sun Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Common] I spit feelings that soar over brick buildings And get children and families to live better Live whether rain or shine Picture Com' free, is my frame of mind My day combines from comedic to the gate of mines Tastin my favorite wine, tryna stay divine Realness around my neck, is my way to shine I ain't made for time or age My mind's a page that few can read Made for you to breathe through the seeds I plant Tear down Babylon, rebel missions The hustler traditions carry on since Avalon parked dames I battle long to spark days Being the son that I am, got gramps offered ham for lint She gave me the scriptures, told me to understand it It's bug from my own planet I can see the sun Waitin for the savior while I wait for me to come I'm comin in the... [Chorus: Joi] - 2X Rain, rain, go away I need ya sometime but not today I wanna live, play, run, in the suuuuun! [Black Thought] The language is mine, I take advantage of that I'm like the ghetto thug B-Boys, Brittanica black I gotta style that man-handle the track Thought, Common, and Shaq, ya couldn't hold the animal back Me, I been all emcee since like '73 In South Philly with the 'fridgerator empty I know the feeling of the whole world against me I know the feeling of the game tryna pimp me, for real It never break me, or make me move the thing off safety while I maintain control Rather process the info than swallow it whole You never bothered breakin the mold, you out in the cold Trustin in a fake nigga cuz he act and joke Stead of dealin with the ac-tual Yo, too many hard times, detour signs, and tears And the police stay livin in constant fear Another gunfight, where? In the sunlight [Chorus: Joi] - 2X [Shaquille] It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine Now I reign supreme, sunshine hit the bling Life; seen some of the strangest things Fake niggaz and women, they tryna hit me for my cream I touch a soul with this vision I love to go back and re-live it cuz it seems so vivid Before the money, and the fame, and the stardom Before you schemed on Diesel, like what it cost em Original, never ask where the style's from And what about the haterz, that doubted the album You didn't think B.I.G. could do it again I'm top fifty with a ring, see I do it to win... (Heheh) Now my name back on the streets Name back in the jeeps Can't tame my platinum speech Ain't nuttin like being young and content I'm comfortable with life, never worry where them chips is spent Stop askin me about Kob'! Y'all heard me say Twiz before, you seen the way I clutch the globe Yo y'all niggaz ain't forget; the world is mine I'm from the New Jeru's Brick City - and that's my sunshine [Chorus: Joi] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ BlackThought, Rob O Album: Soul Survivor Song: It's About That Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Over the globe again from the realm of illadelph The planet overwhelmed yo just brace yaself Ya wanna go against me first face yaself i pose threat To whoever within ya commonwealth the top ten I'm crushing ya crap concoction To the utmost examine this upclose it's shockin  Now mic droppin is only ya option Here come the spliff scientist in the flesh have you forgotten His excellency the most poetically inventive official hip hop shit That's ya incentive to cop this actual fact and not the likeness Cuz possibly clones 'd try to do it like this Fathom this lyrically fabulous vocabulist  Hold mic like four fifth and lick shot somewhat like pete Malik rock think not i don't smoke i just sleep drink and eat  Think pot and i want the top a vehicle that brakes  God i want the top a vehicle that brinks got composing  To the ink sock my hip hop is wild megawatts  Continue with forever exist and never stop Yo whut up whatever ock we can thicken tha plot because And it's time for that and it's about that time It's time for that and it's about that time Rob 0 it's time for that and it's about that time Pete Rock it's time for that and it's about that time Black Thought it's time for that and it's about that time [Rob O] I'm Rob 0 what, energize like a power plant blow speakers  Without an amp do things these wack rappers can't  And start again 33 rpm the hearts of men  Are cold like the steel i hold on microphones  Let my words express move men like chess  My mic will stand erect like projects  It's drastic top draft pick in this rap shit  You just a fraction caught up in tha midst of action  My catalog is current events breath the contents  What i move crowds for local events the show stopper  98 feature spot rocker rob odendo  Now every mc wanna mention me out of envy  Unofficially top of the charts i played my part  Held it down from the start you know the M.O. Yeah yeah Rob Odendo Chorus [Pete Rock] Yo it's the Capital P book rhymes of the century  Speak rap line essientially on tha M-I-C I hold the mic appliance like science  My competitors and clients worldwide as my words coincide  With real life think twice transmit like true lies It's televised take my manuscripts out of context  Who want next situation is complex Stop the nonsense it's 98 time to set the record straight  Separate movers and shakers from those that hesitate Ya featherweight name carry weight in every state Ya name brand no frills niggaz is marinate  It's pete rock new world innovator  Crush immitators five years since the creator It's nuff said as i paint the town red and move ahead Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharcyde f/ Black Thought Album: Plain Rap Song: Network Typed by: aa8@cant.ac.uk [Slimkid3] Aiyo we got five minutes, man! Yo, yo Brown. Sup, man, we got five minutes Imani, let's go..Yo, Ro! Let's go.. [Bootie Brown/Frank Fiction] Devastating rhyme creating, innovating Got you anticipating the arrival of the Cyde Don't you worry, hold it down just like Burry (?) Well-seasoned like curry from India or Jamaica Bring yuh gal to de show mi posse may tek her Then cake her, how we're flipping thoughts skipping Ready for the sabotage while the entourage Take her somewhere remote, got her open like a cargo pod Our lyrics blend like camouflage You be wondering what's happened like Rog [Imani/Citizen Strange] Yeah, son zoom like the moon You and your whole cartoon platoon Gets eradicated, y'all barely made it Listen to the words of the man, now I'm hella faded Now I'm elevated, and now I'm here to state it Your entire empire is tired, y'all need to retire Like an old player cause your flavor is now expired! [Slimkid3] Come on, I rap wise and lyrically baptize, respect Resurrect em like they're holy, holding blessed communion Redesign laws of union in a revolution Connect the eyes to energize cause evil lurks in lies Steals your breath and then you die, no one heard you cry Now he's off to the next man's urging eye Our excursion eliminates those folks that's purging Like virgin we be conquering, reconstruct with surgery [Chorus x2] On tight beats we lurk, to drive you berserk Leaving suckers shook, what a skirt Companies perfected how to jerk Crews come together, put some love back in it Network, we network! [Black Thought] You tossed aside, talk/hustle is the way we survive Cover your ears, your clothes, your eyes then look alive The most high, draw swift out the holster Rude boy ragamuffin, roots and culture It gets deep, I scuba dive beneath the street Then rise through concrete with new and improved beats And kick emcees in they teeth with steel cleats Extreme like war and peace but none the least [Imani/Citizen Strange] We retract it, then the bullshit got subtracted Then you got attacked and attracted to this matter it's Like a magnet, truly expression through touring Two majestic rap bands exploring foreign lands With the mic in hand I cold took command You here to destroy, we here to build and plan Hella faded from the trees we bought, beware Cause you can get caught by the all-out Verbal assault, Pharcyde and Black Thought [Bootie Brown/Frank Fiction] Pharcyde make mad hits, see ya man through Some lab test, grab vest while I commence To execute with acute precision, cause collision Got caught up in the head bobbing, neck jerking And trying to get my polished shine networking Merging, converging to split your melon Have you screaming yelling, crew bail in The complete steez, young cats look up to us Like trapeze, they love the way we swing it It's the Roots inside guaranteed to bring it to these nits Got individuals expecting residuals for the mic [Black Thought] Yo, my network spit shit making your neck hurt You're now in tune to the sounds of the expert A hundred flave-ahs of this widespread chaos About to blow like the sextet of Miles Dave-ahs Thought from the Illafive on the Phar-cidic The blizzard isotona rap style, y'all can fit it The head farmer, crush/kill the bad karma Full body armor sounds, emcees can never hit it [Slimkid3] Venom when I spit it, backdraft when we lit it Blow like chemical contents, I exercise this convent Who done this cause we did this, booked and fingerprinted Unlimited turn, early bird catches the worm My penicillin heals, taking turns we trying to burn Rub me down like lubriderm, we the cure and you're the germ Embalm you with the fluid, make you do it like sherm Keep you up until the end of the term [Bootie Brown/Frank Fiction] Niggas green with envy like they had gamma treatment Find it hard to compete with, I'm on some steep shit Climbing, you're on it like Carlich Hymen (?) My skills I always polish it up till it's shining Like a brother with a brand new Lex Rhymes on it like sporting two tecs With laser lights make the red dot Bring it your face while you're blinking [Imani/Citizen Strange] White white hot, thermal Burn your shit down like a towering inferno Selecting and connecting them peckish grooves To make you move, move you all like you fall Verbal graffiti when we spray words on the mic like aerosol [Chorus x3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Black Thought Album: Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang Song: Masters of Our Fate Typed by: Cno Evil [Winston Churchill sample] Now we are the masters of our fate That the task which has been set us is not above our strength That its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance As long as we have faith in our cause and an unconquerable will-power Salvation will not be denied us Salvation will not be denied us Salvation will not be denied us We are the masters of our fate Long as we have faith, an uncoquerable will-power Salvation will not be denied us [Raekwon] The time has come, I've just begun, this is designer rum My wallet got flowers on it, kill it cowards From the land, the stolen land, where gold chains control a man Three hundred holding hands, stolen grams I play the phantom, waving, leave that nigga for dead, or should I save him Spitting out phlegm, no, just grave them I remember days, I used work for niggas, eat jerk with niggas Buying whip, is laughing and joking, trying to flip Clip is loyal, fly spoil on the block, display royal Even though we go back to royals, black oils Live as ever, can't tell me nothing, whatever This thing of ours, is empowered by my niggas who pumping Twenty four hours of slang motion, wave brush Ya knew my hair is the ocean, running through the building Just negotion, some of the creeps Knew me very well, knew he would sell, knew he was potent [Winston Churchill sample] Now we are the masters of our fate That the task which has been set us is not above our strength That its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance As long as we have faith in our cause and an unconquerable will-power Salvation will not be denied us [Black Thought] Ok, bridges I burn some, lessons I learn some Money, I spent some, lend some, earn some My eyes tell it, tell it, the hell I return from Spark up an L from the homeys I haven't heard from Burn when the herbs come, I'm living large Never chilling on the curb, just a villain on the verge, son My tenth shot is as efficient as the third one Second one, first one, worse come to worse run When I was pushed out the womb, the Earth spun The only way to describe this, is to inertia Some rappers think they can try me, who the first up? I don't guarantee no survivors, niggas, surf's up Yeah, soul on ice, courage is sacrifice Hold on tight, and save your laughter for the afterlife These chumps thinking they good, ain't even half as right Your fate'll be the one way, to get to paradise, what? [Winston Churchill sample] Now we are the masters of our fate That the task which has been set us is not above our strength That its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance As long as we have faith in our cause and an unconquerable will-power Salvation will not be denied us Salvation will not be denied us In the words of the Psalmist 'He shall not be afraid of evil tidings; his heart is fixed, trusting in the Lord.' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Black Thought Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Song: Too Long Typed by: middleside@softhome.net [Intro - Saigon] When you feel like your life is getting stagnated And you know it's time for a change, say... [Chorus - DJ Corbett & Saigon] I've been here for too long I gotta find my way out now, Lord, tell me what's going on I've been here for too long Tired of reminding myself there's no right way to do wrong I've been here for too long I'm a make it out soon, I can do it, I just gotta be strong I've been here for too long 'Cause I've been here for too long, come on! [Speech - Saigon] It's now or never Can't stay in the same situation forever Pfft... Gotta get it together [Verse 1 - Saigon] My cousin gone from the slum, father was a bum (a bum) He had a mother but he never felt she loved-ed him (loved-ed him) People used to speculate was it because of them That he grew up chewing more than just bubble gum He used to like to bite his nails, even fight the gal I used to tell him they gon' send yo ass right to jail Pitching it hard, I never thought he'd listen to the God When I would tell him not to be an addition to the yard To my surprise, this nigga went to get a job Now I be hearing him bragging 'bout his benefits and all And I applaud whoever can climb out the hood I hope and pray to Allah y'all can climb out for good The hood is where the hate is at, I make it back Just to bring some paper back, turn around, (rrrt!) make tracks I got a kid, I'm a need a crib with the lawn You can say what you want, nigga, I've been here for too... [Verse 2 - Black Thought] Uh, check it out Yo, I'm too black and too strong and been here for too long Never did it right 'cause all I knew was how to do wrong My people telling me to cut it out like a coupon And act like a new man instead of like a newborn Sometimes what I grow on, is difficult to chew on And everything your crew on, is different than what you on I'm through with bullshitting with my trivial pursuit on And sitting at a stop sign, time to get a move on, 'cause Criminal minds with minimal time On the meter, got to be on they continual grind Trying to find hidden treasure like subliminal signs And escape mental prison or a chemical bind And I'm a stone, but a stone can't do it alone 'Cause the truth can set you down like two in the dome And make it all fall apart like the ruins of Rome Yo, I'm a changed man headed for home [Verse 3 - Saigon] I know this crackhead who says she gotta smoke nice rock And if it's good, she'll bring your customers a measuring pot Her family members used to beg her to stop, couldn't explain How to cook cocaine had her head in a lock You hear the beat with this repetetive knock, that's the same way They used to tell her she was at the edge of the dot One night she woke up butt-naked in a crack house Not knowing what happened, the bitch must've blacked out Nobody to ask about what had taken place Now she on the Internet with dog nut up on her face And she caught another case trying to break in her mother place Everything going wrong, she know it's 'cause of the base Said it was just a pipe dream to get her life clean Even thought it might seem like the right thing Basically I just told her that red means stop Yellow means slow, then you can go when the light's green (I dropped jewels on her) That was her last night on the glass pipe (Right) After thirteen years, that's right She said, recommend a rehab and I'm gone I wanna get strong, she said, I've been here for too long... I've been here for too long... (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sean Paul f/ Rahzel Album: Dutty Rock Song: Top of the Game Typed by: strictlydutty@hotmail.com [Intro: Rahzel] {*vocal beatbox*} Come down! Sean Paul (Sean Paul) Number One (Rahzel) Champion (Sean Paul) Sean Paul (Number one) Rahzel (Champion) Number One (Number one) Champion (Champion) [Rahzel] It's the return of the microphone fiend I be the first nigga to split ya spleen Impair ya vision, leave ya cataract split-screen You'll be assed out, passed out like Mitch Green (Green) Fight Club, from a Brad Pitt scene I'm a SWAT Team, spittin' a hot sixteen A pimp's steen, is makin' ya chick scream (unhh) Download my digital, digital voice stream *Vocal static* Automatic wide-screen Lowrider, with them buggy-eyed beams A bad freak, in the back seat, named Ming Ling Last week, them bad streets, was in full swing For my brothers locked down in G.P. to Sing Sing *Vocal scratches* Sean Paul, Dancehall king *Vocal noises* The track like a puppet on a string [Sean Paul] From a set a dem any time dem come arouna Dem hole a dis dem a waan try fi take ya crowna Dem waan fi see ya han a growna But di badman a wears a crowna Come a bun a Dutty babylona Yo becaw me see dem a plan a to try fi come tek over me zona Say dem a try fi tek me ting like it now dem owna Dem di kinda ting dat kinda a hurt me corizona So me turn dem into organ donors Escape an a bed to Barcelona with Fiona and Iona Floakin wit a pound of home growna One a dem gal a rub pon my shoulder One a pour a club soda, plus I like di flight controla Tell dem [Chorus: Sean Paul] (Rahzel) On top of the game I'll stay (Number one) Nobody cyaan out my flame (Champion) We tell dem again and again (Number one) We ready fi drive dem insane (champion) [repeat] [Sean Paul] It's all about my love for it All about di tings that me give up for it All about di years up inna di club for it Me sweat for it, me tough for it Boy waan come treat man like bruk for it An gal you so say man all a suffer it No dem discover it Waan fi bring dey bread fi me fi butter it Just true di true, me a hotter it I know me nuh guh sweater it Even dis try tell dem nuh guh suffer it None a dem cyaan dung sight of it Caw music is my heart, and it's in my brain Inna me soul, it tek control, me feel it there an plain When di vibe dem start, weh yuh cyaan complain When di music a hit, yuh kno yuh feel nuh pain [Chorus: Sean Paul] (Rahzel) On top of the game I'll stay (Number one) Nobody cyaan out my flame (Champion) We tell dem again and again (Number one) We ready fi drive dem insane (champion) [repeat] [Rahzel] {*vocal scratches*} Sean Paul [Sean Paul] Watch di rat race, dem a run, dem nuh age, run in it Di pussies dem a come fi try fi tek out di fun in it Dem a two face, a gwaan push see me gun in it Any ting start, an I'm dun in it Best believe, I'm run in it I is fly, high like di chron-in-ic Mek man yuh break like dey super-son-in-ic Rahzel di superhuman, dey cyaan manage it Combine with mine, every time, we keep dun in it [Chorus: Sean Paul] (Rahzel) On top of the game I'll stay (Number one) Nobody cyaan out my flame (Champion) We tell dem again and again (Number one) We ready fi drive dem insane (champion) On top of the game I'll stay (Number one) Nobody cyaan out my flame (Champion) We tell dem again and again (Number one) We ready fi drive dem insane (champion) Yo! {*vocal beatbox until end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skillz f/ Black Thought Album: The Million Dollar Backpack Song: Hold Tight Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah You got to hold tight, hold tight, hold tight, hold tight Judge swing the gavel, cops swing the nightstick You got to hold on tight, keep a tight grip You got to hold tight, hold tight, hold tight, hold tight You got to hold on tight, keep a tight grip You got to hold on tight, cause you might slip You got to  [Verse 1 - Skillz] Deal with the real, when it's got you seein red And feelin like you felt when you was lookin over the edge Soon as you get the light, they pull back the curtain You workin for the system, but the system ain't workin Pressure, they done got the best like that Apply a little more and he just might crack Who policin the police when they ain't legit? No need for a notepad officer, I don't know shit If it's jail I got bail, i ain't frontin You might as well be Kanye, I +Can't Tell You Nothing+ Uh, and I don't have a clue To what, where, why, who, do they things they do No PC (uh) and see he got touched up And y'all wonder why the youth out here fucked up The laws got flaws, they ain't nothin new Damn, is that a set of blue lights in my rear-view? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Black Thought] Yo, this shit remind me of my man Norman He got to work two jobs, one as a longshoreman, one as a doorman inside the Marriot, a couple times he spazzed Smacked the shit out a faggot ass concierge His wife she scared, he gon' get canned, they can't afford it But what my man Norm can't stand, is being ordered Around, by some clown, that's besides the point He just paroled for five years inside the joint And money tight, so he workin all nights at the waterfront Tryin to get the paper for the swingset his daughter want Let her know that when he was locked, he only thought of her Even though he guilty of the crimes that they caught him for Robbin a photographer, told him give his wallet up Pampers cost more than six quarters, I ain't got enough You would of thought he walked into a bank and shot it up Throwed away, the cops came and got him in a squat car [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Skillz] Hold tight, when you in the spotlight When everything you ever wanted, now you got right? Plan A was your only plan They say fame is the worst drug known to man (huh) The bigger the buzz, the bigger the love And now your niggaz sayin you ain't the same nigga you was You figure it cause, you a little higher in the game Yeah it's clear that you high, but you high off the fame Once you lose it, you back in the slow lane You got change, but you can't buy more fame Back then chicks wanted to get with you But nowadays they don't even want pictures Tryin your best to stay out the slammer And the bloggers sayin that you the brand new Hammer Fillin out a job app around the way The manager say "didn't you have a hit back in the day?" [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tracie Spencer f/ The Roots Album: It's All About You (Not About Me) 12" Song: It's All About You (Not About Me)(remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Tracie]: (Black Thought): (Uh, uh, uh, uh, say what, uh, what, what, what, yeah) Hmmm, oh yeah, (Uh, what, yeah, come on, yo it's not about me, it's about you girl) Yeah (It's all about) [Tracie]: When we first met You stole my heart away Your love was incredible Then you began to change Made me feel special Now all you do is make me cry Gave you my everything baby All you gave me was lies 1 -  [Tracie]:   I, I try to be the one for you, boo   Matter nothing what I do   So I'm leaving   It's all about you   And not about me Repeat 1 [Tracie]: When we get in a fight I'm be the first to apologize Even if it was you who did wrong Can't please you, can't go on No matter what I do for you It's never any good for you Why you got to complain, it's insane I can't stay Repeat 1 (2x) [Black Thought]: Oh I see you got the Samsonite set out For what to jet out? What you can't take it no more So you got to get out Your back broke from that last straw Oh you on the next plane out Head games making it hard to maintain Got a hypocritical love doing the same thing Situation Kool and the Gang To bursting in flames And how relationships change Worse than the pain for really Your attitude kill me Look at you in the doorway Trying to ice grill me Your heavy heart hurting From trying to not feel me Come in girl and put your suitcase down We'll work it out as soon as I'm back from out of town For now just stick around I'll reach out from the airport Soon as I hit the ground Let's try to stay afloat in this sand And not drown love I know the time, I hear you calling out for real You got to realize US is what is's all about Repeat 1 (6x) I, I, do, do... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Black Thought, Joey Bada$$, Raekwon Album: Extended Play Song: Bird's Eye View Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Raekwon] (Statik Selektah sample) (Statik Selektah!) Let's do this man for real [Verse One: Raekwon] We smoke big blunts cigars is us It's obvious kids we regulate up shit movin through crush The beats is grim the ambiance plush The speaker won't bang the sneaker won't lust Snitches wish that the eagle 'gon bust Catch you in the wrong spot you dust Statik yo, bring that habit this is magic Fake niggas flee out, fly out the mouth I get you gatted Sports cars we endorse yards Everybody four stars Rae like forty, Jerry Gordy Your creature game corny, I eat your dame hop up on me Head off the rip, grab the whip rest maturely Hang around the vets in the sweats Since '97 we was rolexin the extra Fuck around a hundred teks flash flex cash Drugs money and sex, dumb checks smashin [Verse Two: Joey Bada$$] Watchin the game from a bird's eye view They say it's hard to keep trust so my third eye grew Chakras open, binocular scopin, sour smokin Hopin my best buzz, ain't only in it for the tokens Cause, they say if who you jokin with, chokin potent with Tag-team and strokin chicks, the ones who do some bogus should Act cool on the strip, but want to put two on your hip Mackin jewels in your whips, boomin your hits and screwin your bitch Froze under my toes, bitches where my penis is Kickin it since the womb, now you, see what the fetus is And what the fetus is? Would these niggas feed us shit? Rob a nigga for his number 2's to put my feet in, shit Flow slippery, rise to the tippity top I'ma make hot drops, snakes stakes history Dreams of livin civilly in Sicily Laughing with a fan like [Verse Three: Black Thought] It's the elephant in the room Created by a collision of the sun and the moon My sonogram was an image of a gun in the womb That was soon, to be doper than her-on in a spoon I'm astonishin, honestly my future lookin promisin As my skin tone and a crystal-clean onyx is Darker thoughts let the beats break like the Amish's I'm a stroke of genius like, Mickalene Thomas is Hip-Hop and body rockin, doin it dude I am a livin definition of improvin the groove I use the same tools to shoot, that Ku-b-rick used Take your hero to the river, give him two b-rick shoes Who lose? If you really ain't nobody 'til somebody love you I say you ain't nobody 'til they speakin highly of you And what I'm sure you wouldn't want is any kind of trouble Unless you got a crash dummy or a body double You got a couple homies down to catch a homi' for you? Well I'ma fold niggaz into origami for you The most notorious, poet laureate Whole story is, glorious, stoic warriors And, I got my eyes wide open on you quasi Haters still smirkin like the Gators on the Izod Lacoste, y'all tomato head niggaz are imposters, long drawn-out process Triple O.G.'s got a worn-out conscience Reminiscin to when we was all-out monsters on, our Sierra Leone, reignin tyranny I strike fear in they hearts, rappers steer clear of me Black, Sankofa, Ayatollah, Range Rover Game's over, bill folder, give niggaz that Ebola virus Huh? You got me chopped like Miley Cyrus Nah, I'm on your block with Somali pirates [Outro: Statik Selektah Scratchin] For real man Statik man what's goodie?-"Raekwon" Y-Y-Yeah y'all know I gets it on!-"Nas" I-I-I ain't playin I'm truly the worst-"Big Pun" A-A-Always goin about fast-"Joe Budden" This is raw, raw like fuck kid represent-"Raekwon" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Black Thought Album: Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman) Song: Cause I'm Black Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Styles P] I'm Black, been a greasy kid I'm better off sayin nigga like Eazy did Mike Vick bought a pit', now he goin to jail He ain't have a license to shoot a dead duck or quail Did the pigs have a license when they shot Sean Bell? Now hell is a place we live Cause the race we is, I mean race we are Too cold for this cop to have our face on the car It ain't candy so I don't want a taste of the bars Ain't a ball game, I don't wanna sit at the court Do a long bid, I don't wanna give that a +Thought+ But I'm +Black+ and people in jail is most my color What up black cop? Every brother ain't no brother I'm a have-not, grandma's grandma suffered You just mad we hustled right out of the struggle Let it rain nigga, we gon' dance out in the puddles What? [Chorus: sample of Syl Johnson's "Is It Because I'm Black"] Looking back over my false dreams that I once knew Wondering why my dreams never came true Something is holding me back, ohhh-ohhh Is it because I'm Black? Yeah... [Black Thought] Uhh, yeah They say payback's a motherfuckin nigga, that explains why I'm sick of gettin treated like a goddamn step-child Livin like Assata, I'm an exile Gotta climb out of my skin, just like a reptile Born where the feds file, them suits and neckties Operatin under the cold, live and let die I'm tryin to break free of the hole But five out of ten brothers gon' see a parole Who this system fail with Mychal Bell, might as well be Sean Fat cats picnickin on the White House lawn And it's only ten percent in the hood, where health benefits Genocide, Jena 6, guilty 'til we innocent Citizens, listenin to government smooth talk Take, one step forward and do the moonwalk back, give me the Peace Prize like Al Gore's I got a mind like Malcolm X, how 'bout yours? C'mon [Styles P] Struggle lives on and it tire on Imus should've never been fired, just fired on Not with a gun, hit him up with a water hose Got some nerve to call a black man's daughter hoe Whoever put the nooses up, we oughta slaughter those Klan in the precinct, where did the order go? Klan in the schools too, where should my daughter go? Where should my son go? Let me know what {?} is hung fo' I'm too Black to not dream like Martin did Die like Malcolm, a martyr to be part of it Came from the ghetto, you know the heart of it We just want it finished and, we ain't even started it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Ill Advised, Rasheed, The Roots Album: This or That Song: 1.9.8.6. (Remix) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Ill Advised] What, too many thugs on mic's, bought to show ya niggas Lightnin strikes, in the same place twice Put on my game face like Rice, till my name in lights Pain and price, game tight, put this train in flight The baby black catalyst, wanna battle this, miraculous Flow, like Jesus chain watered the wine and marriages Averages sixty points a game, on point like cactuses Flippin the spatulas, on all ya wack rap amateurs What, don't even step in my circumference, we dump shit Pump it, 30/30 til ya pump doin gun clips The gun clips spit the verbal, once flip Cause a few to rise, do the styles, that's on some shit Sware to God, on my unborn, I be the one on Ninety three million miles away, stars kept the sun warm Sizzlin, fuck the Jews grizzlin, Crystal's Christenin I'm dissin em, they ain't spittin it, we ain't listenin They vision been blurred, can't recall when occurred When herb made words, we verbin thirty-third to third Fuck what you heard, who preferred? Fly's or bird? Wit the nerve to serve emcees to the stage to the curb Leave no witnesses, no clues to rip this shit Baby black wit the gift to spit ridiculous West Philly streets to Brooklyn, on Saint Nicholas Who number one when I hit ya list [Rasheed] Who number one, have the squads ever tied toe, tied toe Other crew them other tied toe, tied toe So them other emcee, tied toe, tied toe Illaphilf, we outta nitro, what, what, what We outta dung-dung-di-dung-dung, diggy-dung-dung, diggy-di Diggy-dung-dung, diggy-dung-dung, diggy-dung-dung, diggy-di Remember the name of the crew, if they gonna be phifey Remember the name of the crew, they call a [Black Thought] Yo down by a law, you must be talkin bout me It's the B-L-A-C-K, T-H-O-U-G-H-T By these schooly crowd niggas, show them how to emcee Ya I'm sayin, representin, we comin outta SP Check it out, we take you a stab lower, approach closer Hold it down to the utmost, my mic toast ya Illa-Fifth, illa vibe, illadel adrenaline Sound waves leavin you tremblin, as we begin again [Malik B] Aiyo, I'm tryin to get this cash in abundance Redundantly, I represent the rugged done D The crack cost money, but yo the try's free I wack a MC, for tent out or step me Now test me, give you a once or compin the swine Dump you wit the fifth emblem, leave ya niggas tremblin Then ya realize, the kiss of death pull up in 'em To minimize ya half ass freeze, you wack ass leaves My rap leaves a thug full of poisonous back feeds Test ya whole attire, empire on fire I strike right back, sick, or ya might not clap We get the whole round of applause, son get the jaws [Chorus: all] From the South to the West To the East to the North To, if, find la son, the land of the lost Go off, disturbin order, 5 mics in The Source Queens City, Roots Crew, it's yours... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Black Thought, Pharoahe Monch, Kanye West Album: Quality Song: Guerrilla Monsoon Rap Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Kweli talking] Yeah... Yeah! That's what I'm talkin about! Let's do it... Kanye West, c'mon turn me up and Black Thought, c'mon turn me up and Pharoahe Monch, c'mon turn me up and Talib Kweli in the house with [Hook: Kanye West] Guerrilla Monsoon rap - all the shorties like "who dat?" Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?" Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black And ya crew, give me dap like true dat We come through and all the shorties like "who dat?" Got the whole crowd like "how ya do dat?" Nigga you, get smacked 'til ya blue black And ya crew, give me dap like true dat [Black Thought] Yo, I hit these emcees with the grip of death like I was a Vulcan Ain't a lot of "ifs" an "ands", it's just straight talkin It's hard to swallow at times, so take portions Bitin off more than you can chew, create offense Emcee species endangered like dolphins Rappers is spittin nails into they own coffins (c'mon) Hear come the Dundee moves rocket-launchin (yeah) Black Thought, quit playin him close and back up off him [Talib Kweli] Kweli -- spruce to the tree, Bruce to the Lee Favorite emcee, that your favorite rapper used to be One by one I knock 'em out like Schoolly D - my rhymes is eulogy A flea could move a tree, before ya think ya movin me I black and blue emcees - actin new to me, get smacked stupidly That lack skills, like the black community lack unity (uh) Still my rhymes heard like Ali DePhrase Step off the stage to shouts of "Kweli boomayyay!!" [Pharoahe Monch] See these four emcees came to get down Rearrange the rap game, change ya whole sound Nigga YOU, got ta, understand the plot ta Movin and groovin and always improvin alot-ta I'll outfox the, average Porsche ya Boxster talk Break the bank on some old Frank Sinatra (New York...) Slash Chi-Town, slash Philly Check the blast from Genevo, you can get slapped silly [Hook] [Black Thought] Okay... my sound drenches, each of the five senses And hold the shock value of electrified fences It's truth or consequences, ride wit us or against us Is you a dedicated soldier, or you a princess, dog? I'm in it to win it and not for the wealth Got a crib with a Grammy and a gat on the shelf Nan nigga competition, gotta battle myself And me and Kweli on a mission, gettin Pharoahe for help [Talib Kweli] From natives walkin in trailor tears to players sippin Belvedere We always comin well prepared, and all my dogs' smellin fear PLUS, even my niggaz from the Bay, they say you hella scared Truth or consequences, and all senses be well-aware Your style - under-developed there, hell if I care What hardship you claim to see, but I can tell by your stare Nigga you fugazi, sayin ya crew blazin like sayin Miss Cleo is a true Jamaican, we makin... [Pharoahe Monch] Guerrilla Monsoon rap, smell the fumes, get in tune wit it When I attack your city, y'all gon' think Dr. Doom did it Spit it like white trash in seed-spittin contests With a vendetta that sent a betta letter bomb to Congress I'm pissed - cumulus clouds of ominous Words of the Thor, the rawness that'll restore ya calmness Unless, you wanna be leg and armless That's parapaleg' for those who believe in bomb threats [Hook] [various ad-libs til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robin Thicke & The Roots w/ Jimmy Fallon Album: Late Night with Jimmy Fallon episode 8/1/2013 Song: Blurred Lines (w/ Classroom Instruments)  Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] E'rybody get up! Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey (woo!) [Robin Thicke] (?uestlove) Turn me up If you can't hear, what I'm tryna say If you can't read, from the same page Maybe I'm goin deaf, maybe I'm goin blind  Maybe I'm out of my miiiiiind (e'rybody get up!) [Interlude: Jimmy Fallon and Robin Thicke] + (The Roots) Okay now he was close, tried to domesticate ya But you're an animal, baby it's in your nature Just let me liberate ya (hey hey hey) you don't need no papers (hey hey hey) That man is not your maker (hey hey hey) and that's why I'ma take a Good girl! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it You're a good girl! Can't let it get past me You're far from plastic, talk about gettin blasted I hate these blurred lines! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it But you're a good girl! The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty, go 'head get at me (e'rybody get up) [Robin Thicke] + (The Roots) What do they make dreams for, when you got them jeans on What do we need steam- hit it! (You're the hottest... in this place!) I feel so lucky (hey hey hey) you wanna hug me (hey hey hey) What rhymes with hug me? (Hey hey hey) Rub me! (e'rybody get up) [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Black Thought] Good girlfirends, I had a few But the best girlfriend I ever had was you I thank God for my blessings, it began with you So I put a ring on it and I married you C'mon take a ride with me on the avenue If you see it and you want it, you can have it, boo You gon' have these other girls gettin mad at you Cause you got, brains, looks and attitude combined See the lines gettin blurrier I come home to my own Miss America I mean this ain't no ordinary love Go an' bring it here to me girl, hurry up And um, I'm watchin, I'm waitin And they're not you, so they hatin They just angry cause you ain't basic And I'ma give you a standing ovation!! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro] Blurred liiiiiiiineeeeees!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Black Thought (Roots) Album: The Piece Makers 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: Thought Process Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Black Thought] Uh huh! Turn it up! Tony Toca! [Verse One: Black Thought] I said, I've been off the chain, since I lost my brain This franchise player has never lost the game They lost of sanity is the cost of fame In that alter range rover that cost some change I'm philly bound on the turnpike cross the lane I'm all over like a shooter with awful aim Pull up and cruch it 'til they usher me off the stage From the boss brigade, and we toss grenades So give me dap, like the Group Home or Sharon Jones Jam boy militia in it for life, Aaron Jones I'm on top of the world but I ain't hear alone 'Cause wifey with me with them Bugs Bunny carots on I'm in the herringbone shoot 'em so baritone I am never satisfied welcome to the terrordome Of the greatest man alive, basically a miracle Body slammin beat like I'm a killer Chris Jericho Switch up that scenario if y'all really hear me though Excellent imperial I do 'em somethin terrible Shit that make your lady think of doin somethin scareable When you slick and diss and make the women wanna stare at you Hard! They ask who are you? I say I'm a marvel Lookin at these jive turkeys thinkin I'm a carve you I'm a hurt you if I catch you out here after curfew Real niggas stand up, spend your money argue This time it's for the uninvited Somebody pocket got a gun inside it, who catchin laryngitis? Black Thought spit shit sicker than everybody If you ain't already know, you fittin to hear about it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Black Thought, Peedi Crakk, Tuphace, Young Chris Album: Back to the Feature Song: Hot Shyt Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro: Peedi Crakk] Hot shyt, hot shyt, come and get it, come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse One: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it, I don't know what the fuck to do with it I wrote it down, took it to the studio and spit it I tried to knock it in the game of soccer, they ain't kick it I twist it up in the Dutch Master lit it and hit it My girl won't lick it, my moms won't cook it The cops won't book it, my squad ain't with it I shot it point blank with a gauge it's still livin'  I tried to take it to Jamal and pray it's still sinnin' Vampires won't rip it, icepicks won't stick it I took it to Jigga, he couldn't do nothin' with it I threw it in the river, motherfuckers started swimmin' I bagged it up, put it on the block and couldn't flip it Who the fuck gon' buy it?  The Roc won't drop it Maybe if I put up "For Sale" sign, somebody cop it State penitentiary cell blocks can't lock it Hot shyt, bitch, DJ Screw can't +Chop+ it [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Two: Black Thought] Uh! Come and get it, who want it I got it I'm runnin with it I brung it from Philly Philly where the crimes get committed Them rhymes is terrific, beyond scientific I took it up in a gym, nobody couldn't lift it Where the hell I'm 'gon send it? Will people 'gon dig it?  I took it to Rich he said it's somethin' wrong with it He took it to ?uestlove, he on the phone with it He took it to Pitchfork, he couldn't get a sentence Who the fuck 'gon touch it? If Snoop won't puff it? The streets don't love it, your peeps won't plug it I took it to Jigga he said it wasn't in the budget We took it to Jazzy Jeff, the brother couldn't cut it I wonder who 'gon knock it, the world 'gon rock it The squad 'gon pop it, your girl 'gon jock it I lost my wallet, glad I had it in my pocket When I'm up in the party, come and see me get retarded HOT!!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Three: Tuphace] Yo, come and get it, I admit it, I spit it kinda diff-er-ent They, try to put me in the box, I wouldn't fit in it Coke - wasn't shippin' it, dro - wasn't hittin it But flippin' them downloads and folks stay clickin' it Labels won't push it, T-Pain won't hook it ? campaign, straight George Bush it Showed it to John McCain, said it wasn't crooked Opened the champagne when Obama ran and took it The kids won't eat it, the blogs gon' delete it I sent it to L.A., the nigga couldn't +Reid+ it I gave it to MJ and my homie couldn't +Beat It+ (Hee-hee!) I showed it to Stevie and he said he couldn't see it Where the hell I'm gon' spread it? My city don't get it The radio gon' edit, the journalists won't sweat it Dig it, I don't give a SHIT about a critic I'm young, fresh, and gifted and I spit it how I live it Come and get it! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Four: Young Chris] Uh! My pops wouldn't raise it, Just won't Blaze it Judge wouldn't free it, Charles couldn't see it And even if they had the horoscope they couldn't read it He took it upon his self since Def Jam won't release it Said the artist couldn't paint it, a poet couldn't speak it Bullet couldn't seek it bad karma couldn't reap it Said the farmer couldn't grow it, the cleaners couldn't sew it Johnny Depp couldn't +Blow+ it, B.E.T. wouldn't show it Said the law couldn't cuff it, my lungs wouldn't puff it Tone couldn't +Touch+ it even Bone couldn't Crush(er) it Said a holster couldn't tuck it Superhead can't suck it It's born to rock on, explosion, one of the toughest Said the barber couldn't cut it, rain couldn't flood it McCain can't beat us so Barack had to lead us It's the Roc motherfuckers, G-shots, undefeated This flow is so insane T-Wayne +Can't Believe It+ MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Five: Wale] (Kill it!) Okay, Peedi said kill it, euthanasia's in the building And Wale been on his business since Gang of Six kill it The people gon' feel it, Alido in the building A leader to my people, niggas hate it just a smidgen The city can't stop it, no keys gon' lock it Believe I been popular, the freaks who been poppin'  The beggars can't borrow, the record sales drop And name another new nigga wit a sicker Twitter followin' And the politics are part of it, the radio ain't on it Promoters say that most of them are 'fraid of my performance I'm flawless wit the spittin, the rappers don't live it My ? lenses. my infrared sixes My infrared maxes and I ain't even matchin' So gonna bring the bitches, and Peedi bring the Backwoods And I'ma get some action, who said I won't do it? I'ma take you out the game, you Mutombo to it Muthafucka!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The X-Ecutioners f/ Black Thought, Ghostface Killah, Trife Da God Album: Revolutions Song: Live From the P.J.'s Typed by: davidab@cox.net [sample] One two, one two, one two, one two So you wanna start up, what we gonna tear shit up? I said let the turntables talk for me at first And then I should finish the rest [Hook 2X: Ghostface Killah] Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what) Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what) Theodore Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini (say what) Deeeeeeeeeeeeeee [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, what up? Aiyo, what's poppin' and shit Yo, this your man, Ghost Deini and shit, Trife Diesel on the side Money Come First, Theodore Unit, aiyo, son blind these niggaz Throw bleachin' [Trife Da God] Aiyo, aiyo, what's poppin' out in Stapleton Park, hoppin' the V's Call Ghost, special invited host, bring through the seeds Sun beamin' like a hundred degrees, yo Tone! Hurry up, get your ass in the truck, it's time to leave [Ghostface Killah] Hold on, I gotta polish my ring, throw on my Clarks And you know, I can't iron man garments, without the stars, just Double park, give me ten minutes or less I overslept, my bitch left, and my crib is a mess *scratches and talk* "If you not down, you not an M.C. or a D.J., off the stage" [Trife Da God] It's the Theodore event, so they blocked off the streets And we came here to chill, but the cops wanna beef Little kids, shootin' hoops on the court, playin' horse All the young bucks, rocking new gear, try'nna floss [Ghostface Killah] Say no more, let's motivate Trife, throw on your poker face Spin around the block one time, so we can spoke the place Yeah, it's lookin' lavish, and the scene looks wonderful Pockets full of trees, and my shit look colorful [Trife Da God] We got the X-Men spinnin', on the one's and two's No drugs, no violence, leave home the guns and tools And the grill's just cookin' up chicken and steak And greedy ass Uncle Ronnie, yo, he lickin' the plate [Interlude: ?] Ladies and gentlemen, we got Black Thought in the house tonight Yo, he just came from off tour, and I think he wanna spit something, yo! [Black Thought] Yo, we X-Ecute 'em, with the rapid fire, pealin' your face off Sprayin' up the party, from the ceiling with napalm Shots follow the target, I ain't gon chase ya'll Swinging aluminum bats, that's not for baseball It's humor, the way ya'll makin' me laugh I'm like a, natural born hustler, gotta get that cash The way a natural born, freak, gotta shake that ass And anybody wanna eat, gotta break that fast A million crabs in a barrel, try'nna make they splash Break away fast, nice brother's finish in last It don't, matter the speakers, or the hammers can blast To handle your ass, frontin', I'mma take your stash And twist it, and bake the whole, projects biscuits This kid is a trendsetter, ya'll just misfits Black Thought, I've been better, ya'll just forgettin' shit Now it's a life or death predicament I step in with a vendetta, then start spittin' shit Then spit game, that's ridiculous, ya'll muthafuckas insignificant I'm three fifty seven, magnificent Stay playin', where them bad bitches is, you feelin' tonight You know they feelin', let the semi automatic bend They fend to have 'em in the ghetto, goin' at it, man They bring it to your block, have it like Pakistan Philly boys bringin' noise, makin' wild static, then We trick cops, even jump out vans, and leave you Sprayed out, stiffer than a mannequin stance You get, laid out, clapped with mechanical hands That kick back, cuz, you and your mans'll get zapped Just keep, thinkin' my peoples, and peoples'll toy with A cold blooded kill shit, and keep on doin' it Cuz that's my pleasure, that's the people's enjoyment Gangsta's holla at me, if you seekin' employment The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Chris f/ Black Thought, Peedi Crakk, Tuphace, Wale Album: The Network Song: Hot Shyt Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Peedi Crakk] Hot shyt, hot shyt, come and get it, come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse One: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it, I don't know what the fuck to do wit it I wrote it down, took it to the studio and spit it I tried to knock it in the game, a soccer, they ain't kick it I twist it up in the dutch, mental lit it and hit it My girl won't lick it, my moms won't cook it The cops won't book it, my squad ain't wit it I shot a point black where the cage is still live in I try to take it to Jamal and pray that they'll send us Playa plies won't rip it, icepicks won't pick it I took it to Jigga, he couldn't do nuttin wit it I threw it in the river, motherfuckers started swimmin I bagged it up, put it on the block and couldn't flip Who the fuck gon' buy it? The Roc won't drop it Maybe if I put up "For Sale" sign, somebody cop it State penitentiary cellblocks can't lock it Hot shyt, bitch, DJ Screw can't +Chop+ it [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Two: Black Thought] Uh! Come and get it, who want it I got it I'm runnin with it I brung it from Philly Philly where the crimes get committed Them rhymes is terrific, beyond scientific I took it up in a gym, nobody couldn't lift it Where the hell I'm 'gon send it? Will people 'gon dig it?  I took it to Rich he said it's somethin wrong with it He took ut to ?uestlove, he on the phone with it He took it to Pitchfork, he couldn't get a sentence Who the fuck 'gon touch it? If Snoop won't puff it? The streets don't love it, your peeps won't plug it I took it to Jigga he said it wasn't in the budget We took it to Jazzy Jeff, the brother couldn't cut it I wonder who 'gon knock it, the world 'gon rock it The squad 'gon pop it, your girl 'gon jock it I lost my wallet, glad I had it in my pocket When I'm up in the party, come and see me get retarded HOT!!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Three: Tuphace] Yo, come and get it, I admit it, I spit it kinda diff-er-ent They, try to put me in the box, I wouldn't fit in it Coke - wasn't shippin it, dro - wasn't hittin it But flippin them downloads and folks stay clickin it Labels won't push it, T-Pain won't hook it {?} campaign, straight George Bush it Showed it to John McCain, said it wasn't crooked Opened the champagne when Obama ran and took it The kids won't heat it, the blogs gon' delete it I sent it to L.A., the nigga couldn't +Reid+ it I gave it to MJ and my homie couldn't +Beat It+ (Hee-hee!) I showed it to Stevie and he said he couldn't see it Where the hell I'm gon' spread it? My city don't get it The radio gon' edit, the journalists won't sweat it Dig it, I don't give a SHIT about a critic I'm young, fresh, and gifted and I spit it how I live it Come and get it! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Four: Young Chris] Uh! My pops wouldn't raise it, Just won't +Blaze+ it Judge wouldn't free it, Charles couldn't see it And even if they had the horiscope they couldn't read it He took it upon his self since Def Jam won't release it Said the artist couldn't paint it, a poet couldn't speak it Bullet couldn't seek it bad karma couldn't reap it Said the farmer couldn't grow it, the cleaners couldn't sew it Johnny Depp couldn't +Blow+ it, B.E.T. wouldn't show it Said the law couldn't cuff it, my lungs wouldn't puff it Tone couldn't +touch+ it even the phone couldn't crush it Said a holster couldn't tuck it Superhead can't suck it It's born to rock on, explosion, one of the toughest Said the barber couldn't cut it, rain couldn't flood it McCain can't beat us so Barack had to lead us It's the Roc motherfuckers, G-shots, undefeated This flow is so insane T-Wayne Couldn't Believe it MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt [Verse Five: Wale] (Kill it!) Okay, Peedi said kill it, euthanasia's in the building And Wale been on his business since Gang of Six kill it The people gon' feel it, a leader win the building A leader to my people, niggas hate it just a smidget The city can't stop it, no keys gon' lock it Believe I been popular, the freaks who been pockin The beggars can't borrow, the record sales drop And name another new nigga wit a sicker Twitter follow And the politics are part of it, the radio ain't on it Promoters say that most of them are 'fraid of my performance I'm flawless wit the spittin, the rappers don't live it My {?} lenses. my infrared sixes My infrared maxes and I ain't even matchin So gonna bring the bitches, and Peedi bring the Backwoods And I'ma get some action, who said I won't do it? I'ma take you out the game, you +Mutombo+ to it Muthafucka!!! [Chorus: Peedi Crakk] Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Come and get it come and get it hot shyt, hot shyt Artist: Zap Mama f/ The Roots Album: A Ma Zone Song: Rafiki Typed by: almost_chinese@hotmail.com [Zap Mama] ....chorus..... Sit down here and tell me a story When you're with friends no need to hurry No more rush No more haste No more When you're with friends no need to hurry No more rush No more haste No more no more ....chorus..... [Black Thought] Yo check it out well its like Another day another mic to hold Hit the planet up with music that's beautiful Roots carry out business as usual This collaboration is the next movement yo Roots crew the regiment Black Thought me llamo In this thing for life yo, and that's final Kid you know the title Ain't no reason to remind you How I taught hustle From New York to Brussels First I hit you in your head and then in all your muscles Big D we call it Rafiki And Tariq the definition of a true MC I'm sub-surface it's hard for y'all to beat me Check it out [Zap Mama with The Roots] ....chorus.... Time to see sisters face to face Time to talk time to breathe I can believe I can believe I have a friend now I believe ....chorus.... 