The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome To Our World Song: Beep Beep Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Uh, say what? Uh, say what? Uh, say what? 1-2, 1-2 I be that man they call Timbaland On these funky beats do you hear him? Uh-huh, Uh-huh Now How many people want to, huh learn this method I have with these beats? Uh-huh, Uh-huh Now How many songs I'm gonna hear on the radio that sound like mine? Now, to have a partna as well as my friend Well I have two partnas as well as my friend And on goes by the name of.... Maganoo aka Magoo word You know what I'm saying? I'm putting this man down Cause he got it like that, don't bite him And of course Missy Elliott We put it down like that for the 9-7 This is my dialogue on this album  It's Magoo's album featuring me, Timbaland Cause he's so ill, I can't even rap over it Magoo can rap over it, but I can let him rap over it Cause I got my man Jimmie D On that engineer board And we do this like everyday, all day 24 hours You know what I'm saying making this money I aint got to rap,all i got to do is talk on this track And you will still buy it, you know what I'm sayin? It's like that So Missy tell em what I'm gonna say [Missy] Beep, beep, beep, beep Who got the keys to the jeep? Vroooooooom (I got em baby)  Beep, beep, beep, beep (Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep) Beep, beep, beep, beep Who got the keys to the jeep? (I got em baby) Vroooom Beep, beep, beep, beep(Beep, beep, beep) [Timbaland] Alright Now it's time for me to go I done told y'all bout the sad show Music's so ill It makes niggas want to kill Big up to Larell High That's my east school coast, word I know you gonna play this in your Eddie Bauer, word Uh-huh, word, Uh-huh Can you bang it Larry? Uh-huh Why you banging it? Who the f is this? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome To Our World Song: Feel It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] What? Can y'all feel this? (repeat 4X) Ooh Snap! My head throbbin As I ride in my 3-4-8 mobbin Listen to the buddha brothers 6 to 10 there aint no other Playin my favorite jams On 1-0-3 Jams I got my man Big D, Big Rodney In case somebody want to rob me We going to Military Circle (echo Circle) Virginia's tight that's why they gotta keep a curfew (echo curfew) It's time to get something to eat  Oh snap, there's my man Kumbalee And my girl Missy Who she role wit? Who she be wit? Who she role wit? Who she be wit? Total, Da Brat, Lil Kim, Lil Cease and Puffy Can I get a ride? Tonight, tonight Can I get a ride? Tonight, tonight Chorus: I can feel it (8X) Timbaland (behind the chorus) What? Yeah, yeah What? Yeah, yeah Can you feel me baby? Yeah, yeah Can you feel me? [Timbaland] Jimmy D turn my scale up Give me that boom da boom whaeeeeeeerrrrr It's time to change my style, my rythym, my ism, my prism, my beat manurism Gee, where's my lack of fear? My five-thousand and one gear, Missy baby you oughtta hear Like next year, your album bigger each day It rolls like a queen size waterbad, uh The people in the label's chillin As Timbaland is making a big killin What? uh What? uh Of money baby Check it out Chorus Timbaland (behind the chorus): What? I can feel it Can you feel it? Throw your hands up Timbaland and Maganoo Yeah [Timbaland] Oooh, I'm on my last verse (echo last verse) As you can see I did not curse (echo did not curse) I'm trying to make it radio friendly, uh  So people in America can hear me, uh To all beautiful boys and girls White, diamonds and pearls, no jerry curls, uh I hope you buy our tape Please don't hesitate, don't hesitate What? Chorus 2X Can you feel it groovin on through? Let the feeling get next to you Can you feel it groovin on through? Can you feel it? Can you feel it? Can you feel it?  6X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome To Our World Song: Up Jumps Da' Boogie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash -- corrected version Give it up... we gon' show, you how we party [Timbaland (whispering)] Up jumps da boogie (repeat 3X) 	(repeat all 4X) Verse One: Magoo I fiend for all beats, like girls jump for dicks Don't salt the next man, keep that Lindbergh shit Up in the cut, like gay niggaz, in butt I'm black wit indian, my race should be mutt I cut with razor blades, play spades with Aunt Venus E-valuate this rap, take heed a fuckin genius Up in the sky, up high, don't puff lye Do you smoke crack Sam? Prepare to fuckin die Fuck Crazy Joe, my name is Crazy Flow You thought I had eight, but I got ten mo' Off beat and on beat, old school like Beat Street I stink like pop's feet, make sweat wit no heat Verse Two: Timbaland I'm up on this track, like Pam Grier in movies I heats up the beat, like water in a jacuzzi I fly to L.A., then come back to Virginia Then call, Maganoo, to see if he's got some indo Then back to the crib to pick up my brother, G G don't forget, to bring the house keys Hops in the eight, five-oh now here we go Please please, brother don't slam my car do' It costs too much money to get that shit fixed I need all my money to pay my bills with Don't have no time, for the shuckin and jivin Peep my rhyme, cause that, shit's off-timin Verse Three: Missy I'm in the Marriott, the place to get got After I smoke pot, he sticks me like shots Funky like farts, connect tongues like dots Lick his lollipop, this kid named Scott Me my hot self, my self be so hot Touch my hot spot, I scream til I can't stop Uhhhhhhhhhhhh (what, what?) Give it to me daddy and Uhhhhhhhhhhhh (what, what?) Yup, yup like Teddy Teddy, ready with tha one two checka No Diggity, Missy be the bedroom wrecka Double decka, make you wanna beat your pecka And then leave your bitch, cause this uhhh! be better Chorus: everybody Give it up! Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 4X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 2X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Verse Four: Magoo Prepare to get wet, like Jheri Curl juice You tight like virgin pussy, my rap get you loose I bump like ac-ne, take honey from a bee My style is like a safe, without da fuckin key I cum cause I'm a nut, don't bleed when I'm cut No fan of Madonna, she just a damn slut So sit you damn dog, and bow to my shit Nit-wit you stupid, I'm butter don't need grits Make fits like seizure, lick clit to please ya I book then read ya, follow da leader Like Jews and Chinese, I own your rap lease The wackness must cease, prepare for yo' release Verse Five: Timbaland I'm up in these labels tryin to, handle my business Been makin more beats before, Jehovah had witness Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me Brother brother, please, turn on the TV See a black man dead, from a white man's powder See a white man scared, from a black man's power Back to reality, please don't freakin smile at me This is a stick-up, so give up yo' wallet please Verse Six: Missy I'm the best, and that's B, and that's capital I hang low like testicles, MC's wanna copy these many flows Hoes, better back up, foe they get slapped up Pack up and go tell mommy, that I backed up you You you you, and your whole screw What, whatcha whatcha whatcha gon' do uhh, what whatcha gon' do To me, the M-I-double S-Y-E Wanna battle me, it's gonna be some tragedy Chorus: everybody Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 4X) 	(repeat all 2X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Clock Strikes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Magoo] See, them other crews could not figure me It's the Mag and double-ooh, got that fat CD Buck a crystal, hit a nigga with my blunt Philly Fake MC's getting assed like they eatin chili Only way they seem to rap is if they got a Philly Maybe I'm Nicole Brown, cause you really kill me Got away with hittin me, but you ain't O.J. I'm bout to shake up the world like Cassius Clay When I bumble watch your back cause I sting like bee This ain't the Wild Wild West and you ain't Kool Moe Dee Watch a movie now you think that you really Joe Pesci You don't want beef with me, like a diaper I'm messy [Timbaland] I'm that laid back brother they call Timbaland I drive a 850 sometimes a 3-2 Mazda van You can catch me standin in my b-boy stance Or catch me at home watchin Who's the Man? They call robber, cause I pack much heat Don't call me now, because they dig the way I speaks I'm like a genie, because I've been trapped in a bottle I've got more stunts, than that nigga Desperado Come follow, a mad brother where'll there be no sun no sun tomorrow, you be sayin, when can we meet? Uhh uhh My offices hours are nine to five Ain't that right Maganoo, Maganoo? Right... right Chorus: Magoo When the clock strikes, half past two, yeah They'll be dancin, through the night Da-da-da, da, da (HEY!) Da-da-da, da, da (AHH!) Da-da-da, da, da (HEY!) Da da daahhhhhh! (AHH!) (repeat with hey's and ahh's added in regularly throughout) [Timbaland] Now gimme that... And run with the... (AHH) Party people are you ready for Tim and Maganoo As we come, rum & coke, won't you kick a verse too [Magoo] Yo I'm bout to get it started like I'm Hammer then I farted You retarded if you thinkin Brandy really broken hearted I departed doin dirt, lookin up your girl's skirt Keep it Steve Martin style, bustin loose like jerk I get Up like -town, gimme don't say no more Got them scars on my face cause my health be poor You Milli Vanilli, I'm Kurtis Blow like eighty-fo' No I don't want your girl she be suckin my big toe You get death like row, I take a beanie then I jet Peace to Tupac, cause he was dope as it get Twisted but you ain't Keith Sweat and shit got hot Make a block then make a circle then I rock that spot The rappin Don, I make a dyke go straight If you think I'm cute, then you up too late Make no mistake, I'm a question with no answer Riddle me like the Joker get burnt like JoJo dancer Chorus 2X (hey's and ahh's continue for a bit without Magoo) Chorus 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to our World Song: 15 After Da' Hour Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Run the track Ooh, it's it's so funky (yes it is) It's it's so funky (15 after da hour baby) Ooh, it's it's so funky (something always happens) It's it's so funky  Ooh, it's it's so funky (it's oh so funky) It's it's so funky (check it out) Ooh, it's it's so funky (Maganoo and Timbaland, check it out in stores) Timbaland: It's about 5:15 got a call from Weezie West Timbaland you have a check on my desk You must pick it up by 7 Or you'll have to pick it up by 11 Wait a minute I got a meeting at 6 I can't pick it up by 7-ish Therefore I must pick wait until tomorrow Go to my man and ask if I can borrow 200 or 100 chips If I get them then I dip Now it's about 9:15 Got a page from my girl Misdemean Timbaland I need you to meet me out in Queens While you on your way don't forgetto bring My sunglasses and my show-jack Don't forget da gat and the cigarettes It's about 10:15 Call on my cell it's this fine beauty queen Timbaland make my body hot, make it steam Shit, it's 11:15 Got another call from another beauty queen But I can't hit, got to see Misdemean Here I am out in the middle of Queens Damn near about 1:15 Now I'm leaving Queens about 3:15 Hopin I can hit one of my queens So I hit about 7:15 Then I finish at 9:15 Tell her to wake me up at 10:15 But she wakes me up at 11:15 Know what I mean I'm late for weezie 15 after da hour, it's kinda cheezie Magoo: Early in the morn, 8:15 Jump in the tub, rub-a-dub, get clean Rap the listine I got from Misdemean 9:15 dressed in all green Dip to the parking lot Look what I got 10:15 meet Tim at the spot We can make it hot Cook it in the pot 11:15 feed the hoe while it's hot 1:15 got to get rubbers Me and Lisa Lee later on beat lovers 2:15 we like sex in the mist 3:15 was the first time we kissed Girl your man aint shit and you know it 4:15 is the time I can show it When I say suck it, it don't mean blow it 5:15 get loot cause you broke it Girl it aint a blunt, so dont smoke it Better if you grab it with your hand then you choke it 6:15, aint my day quick? VCR tape, halloween is the flick Drinking like a cellar, pass out drunk 7:15 had a dream I was a monk Timbaland: 15 after da hour everything seems to go bad you say dag 15 after da hour booty calls get lost in the sauce, what's the cost? 15 after da hour, 15's a bad number know what I mean? 15 after da hour, 15, 15 Say what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Ms. Parker Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com B-Silk in the house! 	Hello! Hello who is this? 	This is Ms. Parker Hey how are you doing baby? 	I'm doing fine baby how you feelin? Ohh it's all jam good what the deal? 	I wanna hear, I wanna hear that new song by the Boo boy 	and the cartoon character, you know who I'm talkin about By the Boo boy, and who? 	Yeah you know that new joint that's out Ohh ohh! Magoo and Timbaland! 	Yeah whatever you know what I'm talkin about Ohh OK, well look here check this out Umm, tonight why don't umm me and you get together and you can listen to the album at my crib and do a little somethin somethin somethin some-some somethin Youknahmean? Can you do that? Huh? 	Nah baby I just wanna hear it on the radio right now Ohh, that's cool, you ain't got ta get smart I wasn't even tryin to hook up witcha ass no way I'll get my song on, c'mere Timbaland kick that shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Shaunte Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Luv 2 Luv U (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash -- corrected version [Timbaland] Dance with me... yeah, tango with me (repeat 4X) [Shaunte] In suspension like a sports car Shaunte got big lips and handlebars Put it on Tim like a porno star Run back the tape in the VCR [Timbaland] I'm comin baby like the big black, Kahuna I wish you woulda humped me just a little sooner Now rich, like silver-spooner Now here's the finger now I got you moonin I wish you woulda did that two years ago (go, go, go) Let me feel the body hit the skins yo (yo-yo, yo, yo) Now you see a brother makin a little dough (dough-dough, dough, dough) I really hate that mess, but I love you yo (yo-yo, yo.. uh-huh) Chorus: all together Oooooooohhh, luv 2 luv 2 luv ya, luv ya, luv ya! (repeat 4X) [Timbaland (talking over the chorus)] I love you baby I love you, uh-huh, I love you baby I love you, I love you baby I love you, uh-huh, Maganoo.. [Magoo] I dream bout Leah Lando, make all the luchiano And girls with condos, Chanel with Guitano Girl my persono, I share like Sonny Bono Black and white keys, lay girls on my piano Me, Missy and Timbo, rap in any tempo Huckleberry Finn, Magoo the South Pimple Caught up in my lingo, be not girl, I'm Bingo Help I see a Beatle, cool out that's only Ringo Missy sang a jangle as I commence to tango Ginuwine ridin on a Pony, put Monie in the Middle Check the riddle, got your girl pants hot a little Thinkin that she dime when you only just a nickel Take a tickle, cause your man, pickle green and resentful Mag and two-ohh, from down South and here go Black house shoes, my Kangol to match Pimp crack game, take all your scratch Girl, I'm the P see me on TV Beep Beep, hook me up witcha girl CeCe Female, lookie here, I'm Chip you Dale Let me get one kiss, just don't go tell You so obsurd I thought you heard If you don't know, the bird is the word Yes the bird bird bird, the bird is the word The bird bird bird, the bird is the word Chorus [Timbaland (talking over chorus)] Shhhhh, aooww-oooh, I love you baby Uh-huh, I love you, uh-huh, uh-huh uh-huh What? Uh-huh, I love you, say what say what? Is you in, or is you ain't, my baby... ahhh! [Shaunte] See I don't stop like good dick Skypager's hotness when you need a fix Big girls don't cry we take all of it Doggystyle like George and the Parliament Feel me now, see my lovin got you bedstrucken Head is stuck in, the pillowcase suckin, Shaunte still handcuffin Just me and you cause I'ma rock it all night You can go fast or slow but I'ma tell you when it's good and right, uh-huh [Timbaland] Look at you girl, talkin trash Now I'll come around and swing that ass Make you bend over, uhh, backwards, call me master Have you sayin Tim do it faster and faster Now I'm the man with the power I get booty calls fifteen after every hour So don't try to take it personal I gotta get the cash, now you got to go, what? Chorus [Timbland (talking over chorus)] Oooh, I love you baby Uhh, remix, uh-huh uh-huh what? Like that what? I love you baby, what? Chorus [Timbaland (talking over chorus)] Uhh, what? What? Uhh, what? What? I love you, I love you baby What? Let it ride, uhh [Timbaland] Go, go, go Yo-yo, yo, yo Dough-dough, dough, dough Yo-yo, yo... uh-huh (repeat 2X) Chorus [Magoo] The bird bird bird The bird bird bird... word Chorus [Timbaland] Let it ride, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland (and Magoo) f/ Playa, Shaunte Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Luv 2 Luv U Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Dance with me... whaaat? Dance with me... say what, say what?  Tango with me... say what, say what? (repeat 2X) Dance with me... say what, say what? (repeat 2X) Tango with me... say what, say what? Haha, bring it in Ooooh, I love what you got on A tight see-through dress with some green and pink thongs Word is bond, can I pick you up in my eight-five-oh Or do you want to pick me up, in your black limo Here goes, an even-ing that's memorable A year ago you didn't like me cause I had no dough Whoa, a black man on a mission, wishin that your crazy ass would listen, hear bout what you been missin I know you wanna do it, I know you wanna ride it, my pony Get on me, bone me, act like you own me Then I gotta feel your crazy ass out homie, what? Chorus: Playa Oooohhh, luv 2 luv ya, baby (repeat 4X) [Timbaland (talking over chorus)] I love you baby, I love you baby what? I still love you, say what say what? Uhh, I love you baby, uh uh uh uh I love you baby What? I love you baby Tell me how much you love me [Shaunte] Tim, come over here and take my address I undress in a black neglige like Faye Dunaway Run your fingers through my hair and squeeze my nipples Love the way you're talkin in my ear like that baby tickles Later for uptown, no time to go downtown I'm wild, since you see Club Clit, now take a look around Dive in, my Billy Ocean, crazy drunk now Quick to respond, when I cum just keep it there now move over please, cause you're drivin me nuts You went past my sugar-wall straight to my guts I came you cum, you still do amaze me One of the reasons why, I luv 2 luv ya baby Chorus [Timbaland (talking over chorus)] Ahh, I love you baby love you baby Ahh, uhh, I love you baby love you baby Say what say what? I love you baby love you baby Ha ha, Playa, sing [Playa] I love how you express yourself Sho' nuff you can work that body I know you can work that body You go about it oh so well Sho' nuff you can work that body I know you can work that body (JD, JD, what?) Girl I love it when you're next to me, come down Wanna make sure that you know that (ha ha, ha ha ha!) You're the best thing that I've received And I wanna make sure that you know that (love you baby, love you baby) Chorus 2X [Timbaland (talking over chorus)] Ahh, I love you, we all love you, ha ha Whoo, aah, say what, say what say what, say what? Say what? Say what say what? Ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, that's how we do it Right now, me and you in your nightgown We doin this one time For your sexy mind, all the ladies All the ladies, all the ladies, I love you ladies Ha, sing it to me Ahhh, say what, say what say what, say what? One time, one time, I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Static Album: Welcome to our World Song: Smoke In Da' Air Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Timbaland: To my niggas How you feel? Can we chill? Or do we have to pop that steel? Cause it's a hot day around our way  We got the pistols around our waist Hate to kill a nigga, why?  Cause my nigga style he's got that killa, what? What do you mean killa? I mean that bee Those ganja trees Those cut up leaves Please... can I get a puff? What? Please... can I get a puff? What? With my wiatch Pretend that I am riach Please, please, can I, can I lick that cliat You can go down You can go down, go down You can go down, girl I was just playing around Now  Back to my focus Y'all gonna be my soldiers And I'm gonna be the bank broker What? Chorus: All I smell is smoke in da' air Nuthin but thefools downstairs (drag stairs) Yeah All I smell is smoke in da' air Nuthin but the fools downstairs (drag stairs) Yeah Timbaland (behind the chorus): Say what? Ha ha, say what? Say what? Like dat Like dat  Like dat nigga Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Magoo what? Magoo: You know we got plenty of smokin' Open for pussy pokin' Clown but we ain't jokin' 2 pound of weed token Beep me at 12 noon After my cartoons Later a peach moves cause you gonna be high soon Now you got your bowl shorty Nursin' a cheap forty Lordy was shootin' dice Point and you winn forty Six be a damn point Roll and you hit the joint Lookin for blazing dude Your head was a juke joint So you get two dimes  Cause you got two highs Two niggas want to smoke So you got two lies Think you see two hoes Cause hoes got to smoke too Hope you got ten yards Cause this blunt will never due See I remain true Only toke two lies Just to the two guys No shake with my damn fries Open your freakin' eyes Cause blunt my grand prize Smokin was no surprise I'm out with my true lies Chorus  Timbaland (behind the chorus): Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Static: Playa's knockin, rockin Hoes clockin, jockin Yeah sweatin, gettin Thugs threatin, beatin Dice shootin, smokin Hootie hootin, loukin Gun, I got your token Lick, I got hoes open No chumpin, bumpin Timb's speakers thumpin Making your moves somethin Rode, it would be jumpin Hoe humpin, freakin Hoes silly, leakin Hook it up, weekend All night freakin Which trick I'm dickin Hope she lickin My Kentucky chicken Damn this enough pickin Just groupin, chillin Ready able, willin If they blunts, they fillin Party people you dealin with another level Chorus Timbaland (behind chorus): Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Say what? Ride it  Timbaland: Ride it bitch Ride it Ride it bitch Say what? Yo babe, come her Now let me get that (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Can you hear me? (Oooooh) Can you feel me? (Oooooh) Can you hear me? (Ooooh) Can you feel me? (Ooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Say what? (Oooooh) Get off baby (Ooooh) (Oooooh) Check this switch out baby (Ooooh) Let me talk to you for a minute (Ooooh) (Change beat to "Can We" by SWV) Can we get kinky tonight I got so many things on my mind I never seen a girl so fly I want you to do me, do me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Buddha Brothers Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Intro Buddha Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Law] Live and direct from the land of VA It's Buddha radio, Buddha Brothers in your area causin mass hysteria, your man cool DJ Law on the set [Big B] Aiyyo I'm Big B rollin and sparkin and kickin shoutouts Gotta say whattup to Miss Missy out there Big up to Magoo Gotta say big up Nickie and Playa, all representin Vi. Beach [DJ Law] Word is bond, settin you up for the big breakdown Buddha Brothers ain't no others now and forever Yo this is that new joint from my man Timbaland and son let me tell ya it's SMOKIN Tim ya large boy! Buddha radio peep it [Timbaland] What It's that big man, from the big V.A. Ha ha, de de, de de, day It's that big man, from the big V.A. Got da, ha ha, he he, hay I got more women that Willy Wonka got choco-late My pocket gets fatter than Jacob on twenty Ladders All that matters is my rhyme style gets fatter As the, jam, goes Three years I waited, my rhyme style got constipated It finally came in, F'd around and got debated Glad I made it, out of the ghetto My rhyme style is heavy, it comes out smooth, and kind of subtle Whaaat?? Whaaat?? Kaiser back at you one mo' gen Bringin to you all my friends Baby girl, Aalyiah Ginuwine, Magoo Uhh, Nickie Misdemeanor Of course me Ahh yeah So right about now You got to ease on back Huh I can't forget about Playa, one time So you know what? Man Me and Playa we gonna do this thing like Yo baby, I want you to put on your dress Cause I put on my suit Hahahahaha Ahhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to our World Song: Peepin' My Style Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Uh Uhh I don't think they ready for this Another Timbaland master piece Uh I dont think they ready Verse 1: Timbaland Uh, Timbaland the funky beat maka I can rock the U.S. and all of Jamaica I can make you dance, and shake your butt, and wiggle When it's hot outside I eat popsicles Check it, do you want to get freaky tonight? I'm throwin a house party and the stars at night All the ladies gonna be there in they tight skirts I'm gonna mingle a little and start to flirt Baby, don't get an attitude Or I have to throw your silly ass in the pool I ain't got no time for the silly game Timb and Maganoo, I got all the game Chorus: Now that you are peepin my style My kind of style That make you buck wild Throw your hands up in the sky Pass me something so we all get high Now that you are peepin my style My kind of style That make you buck wild Throw your hands up in the sky Pass me something so we all get high Verse 2: Timbaland Check it, let's take it to another level One of my fantasies, it is love in pebble I want to take her on a cruise around the block And make her say "Don't stop the body rock" I want to take her on a cruise around the block And make her say "Don't stop the body rock" I want to take her on a cruise around the block And make her say "Don't stop the body rock" Check it, now I'm back to my basic rhythme Check out ill ass flow I'm about to give him I'm a make him dance and make em shake they ass But not to slow and not to fast Timbaland ain't got nuthin to prove I done did five years and pay my due I got my mine Big E and Big Rodney Coming strong like the freaky freaky freaky on me I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast But I got baking me some of that good french toast Let me take it to another level, I'm the host As I can get freaky, fre-freaky-fre-freaky  Ooooooh Chorus 2X Da-da-da-da-dah (Uh-huh) Da-da-da-da-dah (What?) Da-da-da-da-dah Da-da Da-da Da-da Dah Da-da-da-da-dah (Uh-huh) Da-da-da-da-dah (Uh-huh) Da-da-da-da-dah (Check it out) Repeat I said----(Repeats verse one) I flippin' on all y'all like dat Know what I'm sayin Now I got to be out Two verses The first verse repeats itself Now dat, now dat you are peepin my style Check it Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to our World Song: Writtin' Rhymes Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Timbaland: Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Uh-huh,Uh-huh,Huh Ooh, aah Check it out Verse 1: (?????) This is how I want to spit it I bullshitted in the eighties(Forbid) I had to get my mind up off the ladies Like these wordly things, A baby beam and shiny rings See this is how we do things when you're fuckin with the kings  Of the streets New York is all respected But still we keep it hectic In places where we be wreckin Where we from, Timbaland(VA) See thats my man so understand these things Three niggas thinkin bout cream Me and Magoo, Ya'll realize we roll with CRU (Huh) All respect to, That's why your girl ain't lovin you We peep the card in the steez We even got the keys to the bed where you rest Your life is based on stress So just relax kid because my mack days are in the mist And you ain't got a chance like Sharon Stone on the Last Dance It's easy past, when I'm runnin wit your lady Ask yo boys, I'm pushin your Mercedes So what nigga Chorus: (Timbaland and Magoo) {Magoo} (TImbaland) Writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(Uh-huh,Huh,Uh-huh,huh,huh) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything else) (Uh, Say what, Say what, Say what) If writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(That they want to do) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything  else){Yeah} {They don't gotta nothin else ya'll, Check it Verse 2: Magoo Dick em, Court VD, Now I'm sick wit em Ate a pack of cheese now I just bullshit wit em Kick em, Nigga when your down, Look I got to get cha Get away wit the crime, that's the wrong picture I'm in a zone like a teen on a phone H-I with no V, but I stay full blown Hah yeah yo, Put nick out the door You move quick but bitch, yeah your too slow Get on your knees like a dog and scratch ya fleas Somebody on the phone want to talk to your (???) But I got my life and Mary what's the 411 Niggas get shook when I rhyme, You best ta fuckin run Get out the way cause my recitals suicidal I'm the rebel when I yell, Ya'll know, Ask Billy Idol Son of a bitch cause he a son and yous a bitch Me die for you, girl go dick your own bitch Chorus: (Timbaland and Magoo) {Magoo} (TImbaland) Writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(Uh-huh,Huh,Uh-huh,huh,huh) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything else) If writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(That they want to do) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything else) (Check it out, Check it out Say what, Say what) Writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(Uh-huh,Huh,Uh-huh,huh,huh) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything else) (They don't gotta do) If writtin rhymes is all that they want to do(That they want to do) They don't gotta do anything else (They don't gotta do anything else) (Check it out, baby) Timbaland: Hear dis beat It's done by me I do them ill beats, Ya know what I'm sayin People always try to bite me yo But they can't bit this one Huh They might try But you know what You got to pay a samplin if you want to bit me Like that Uh, Like that Uh, It's the beat, uh, Like that Ginuwine, uh, like that Aaliyah, Like that Playa, Like that Big Rob, Like that Big E, Like that Of course, my man M-A-G-OO And me Timbaland Jimmy D, we out for 97E Can't forget my man Elliot Only one  Check it out baby  The fight just begun we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Deep in Your Memory Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Whas happenin dude? Whatchu thinkin about there? What's goin on? Talk to me I know you're thinkin What? Must be a lot on your mind Express yourself fool Tell me what you thinkin about, nigga [Magoo] Who why whatever, any puzzle I put it together With any stress I'm copin like a flesh wound I'm open Still got balls after vasectomies My anatomy is strictly scientifical your life is pitiful I got no relationships, just hit and then dismiss My sex is strictly fuck, no man, I do not kiss Keep my shirt on, I'm quick to dress back up I'm chargin girls for dick, my dick you stick up Butt naked, like Adam and Eve on Christmas Eve Who is God? White the Devil, do you believe? Scratch your head and think about it for a minute Is my life a dream and y'all playin parts in it? You talkin like you drunken, but you flunkin Classes you be takin, let me bring home the bacon We been hoodwinked, bamboozled Led astray, til all our business on rent in late 	Somewhere in your mind 	And real deep in your memory 	You try to hide away 	Your true feelings 	(repeat 2X) Am I underrated? Thinkin bout it get me frustrated I'm elated, that keep it real is outdated Graduated, from PG now I'm X-Rated Glad I made it, left you behind, and you hate it Look into my eyes, do you see a nigga or a person See I worsen, section eight got to be flirtin Fuck workin, for eighty-five who you jivin? Still survivin, lock your fuckin door when I'm arrivin Surprisin realizin magnetisin This rhyme bend how I'm risin, hypnotizin Got comments, put replies in No lies in, if you do your life will need revivin When I'm sleep I die, when I wake up I'm born I leave the Earth each day to get my soul reborn So to God I pray, I make it through this day This must be Deja Vu, cause I relive this day 	Somewhere in your mind   And real deep in your memory   You try to hide away   Your true feelings   (repeat 2X) [Timbaland] Bring it on it, freak it on it [Magoo] Child abused, as a child Child Magoo, buck-wild Wel-fare, met the cake Too much sugar, in the Kool-Aid Mis-fit, un-til I fucked Jiil, on the hill Look, out, heads, up To the girls, let's buck Like, night-shade, grows Workin dope, mind, flows But, please, I'm on hot I cook, non-stop Stick a pin, in some paper Take notes, play ya later Praise, God, he, made ya No, man, but, praiser 	Somewhere in your mind   When you think deep in your memory   You try to hide away   Your true feelings   (repeat 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Clock Strikes (remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Yo... dot-da-dot-dot-dot, party ain't over Uh-huh, what, uh-huh, what? Dot-dot-dot da party ain't over Diggi do, uh-huh, what? Uh-huh, what, the party ain't over Uh-huh, what, yeah, what... diggi-diggi-diggi-diggi-diggi... [Magoo] I'ma kill you all, like O.J. Diss Maganoo, for real you must pay Listen to the way my rap flow delay His mama named him Clay, I'ma call him Clay Back of the bus, with Rosa Parks Too much to say, watch my remarks South to VA, up side to Philly Y'all be killin me, for real on the really Recognize the P, when you see he sport the Kangol with N-I-K-E Break me off a piece of that, Kit-Kat You do the horse and make your Gucci wet Came through the crowd, heard the brother booin Said real low, 'Hey whatcha doin?' Don't you know I've been rappin on tracks since back in the days when tapes was eight-track Relax and jump to it, like Duran Duran Black as Buckwheat, still get a tan Go over to your girl, hey what's yo' number You and your crew must be Dumb & Dumber [Timbaland] Timbaland, uh-huh, understand Kickin the fly beats for all my fly fans Not Peter Piper but, Peter Pan Beat, guaran-guaran, teed to make you dance People wanna know where I where I get my rhythm Rhythm, come from, the thing called wisdom Wisdom is the thing that comes from the dome-dome when the, clock, strikes, twelve and it's on People already already feelin my groove Now's the time for, me to show and prove Now it's time to get back to my basic method Record and play play play each segment 	*chorus* Sardines! Hey, and Pork and Beans, ha-hah Do you know what that means? It's twelve o'clock, and the party just don't stop (repeat 2X) Aight? [Magoo] When it come to flows you best to re-up Diss me to my face, get the taste slapped out Rapped out a hit on the plane out to Spain My mind go in space when I'm kissin on jane Can't Stand the Rain, but, love Missy I rock with mad funk so my middle finger pissy Look for me I'm Chico undercover at the Nico Mag and double-ooh got gas from burrito Lay you like Frito if you're white then amigo In my plaid tuxedo, the rap Al Pacino Star in Casino, to a veterino Not Italia-no, but still gambino Most of y'all rappers can't do your part I'ma finish up what you all can't start Got no heart I thought on your LP I'm on your radio and on your TV 	*chorus* 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland (and Magoo) Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Sex Beat (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ahh... it's time to slow it down for a bit Like this Oooh, ahhhhhh I call this here... take off your drawers music Hehehe This is for the ladies Hahahah Do you hear my voice, ladies? Ladies? Hah See I don't disrespect no woman As long as she don't disrespect me, see what I'm sayin? I would never call a girl, that B word Never call you no hoe All I wanna do is lick on your toe And, pull off your, tight Girbauds Ahhhhhhh, huh Ahhhh, huh, oh you wanna pour me a glass of wine? I already got mine How bout you pour yourself some Know what I'm sayin? Alright, like my boyz 112 said Only you baby You know what I'm sayin? But enough for the humpin Say what say what? I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Aaliyah, Missy Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Man Undercover Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com [aaliyah and missy: bridge] say what you look good (say it two times) you look good good (say it three times) you look good good good (say it four times) oh oh oh oh good [verse 1] i,i, like the way, way you get down, down (thats the way i like it) you're the kinda guy that makes my feel proud don't have to show you're the boy ,oh i, i, like you the way that you are  [chorus] i like my man undercover smooth dark brotha fly to the bone you don't need no fly jeep to come and scoop me you can drive what you own (thats the way i like it) a man undercover smooth black brotha fly to the bone don't need no Gucci sweater to make you look better you can wear what you own i, i, love, love the way that you smile, smile you, you the type of guy  that got his own style all i want to do is be with you you, you got me feelin the way that i do chorus bridge [timbaland] we be freakin up in my jeep (my jeep) listenin to this phat L P (L B) lets cruise around the town (the town) i'm diggin you are you diggin me Let's hop on my Harley Dave (Harley Dave) it cost about 20K (20K) what it takes me to persuade (persuade) turn ten night in to day (to day) i never seen a girl (a girl) who hypnotize like you (like you)  who walk just like you (like you) who talk just like you (like you) i wanna be your lover (your lover) that ill type brotha (brotha) baby girl baby girl (baby girl) we can keep it undercover chorus 1.5x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Ginuwine, Playa Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Joy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Sup party people? Huh How y'all doin? Me and Magoo gonna chill on the track, haha Let my man Ginuwine bring it in, like this, uhh [Ginuwine] I know I sound bold 	(what's your favorite position?) Not every player's cold, nooo baby 	(that's a superstition) I'd like to take a hold, of you, baby 	(ask me for permission) I won't even tell a soul, ohhh 	(once you feign submission) We'll go on an Isley track, yeahh yeah 	(would you like that production) and I will massage your back, baby girl 	(that's called my seduction) I'm headed down this life, soon 	(listen up my instruction) Baby you need to relax, sit back [sit back] Cause I wanna bring you joy, joyyyyy baby 	(joy.... JOY, JOY, JOY) Every day, and every night, joyyy 	(JOY, JOYyyyyy JOY) Yeahh joyyy, c'mon, I wanna give you joy baby 	(joy.... JOY, JOY, JOY) Joyy, c'mon, joyyy 	(JOY, JOYyyyyy JOY) I'll say it's lost when you're fast girl 	(you can't have your perfection) C'mon now girl, baby don't close your eyees ladyyy 	(cause you see my reflection) And even though I knowww your shineee 	(make no signs of reflection) I see that you're willing to tryyyy 	(you're headed in my direction) I wanna bring you joyy, joy joy joy joy joy joy joy 	(joy.... JOY, JOY, JOY) You hear me baby, I wanna bring you joy, joyyhoyyyjoy 	(JOY, JOYyyyyy JOY) [Hah, oooohhhh, like that, hella joy, I got plenty joy] In the morning, joy, joyyyyy, joy 	(joy.... JOY, JOY, JOY) Joyyy, joy joy, hah 	(JOY, JOYyyyyy JOY) [Uhh, uhh uhh] Out of all my candy coated cooters, you my Almond Joy You can be my boy, my little toy, I'm a Freakazoid I can't fight the feelin cause the feelin got me fightin fast Gimme twenty minutes, I'ma be to see that ass Cause after the last time, we started fightin fire You be my Queen, fiend-da-deen-deen, I'll be your supplier This ain't no carbon copy hoe this is the real thang Young mack, on the attack, girl you can't complain It's gonna be (it's gonna be) Beeee (be be be be be be be be so live) *repeat 4X* 	(singers provide "joy... JOY, JOY, JOY" chorus to end) Joy, joy, joy All about joy to you Ohh, joy, joy in the morning In the evening, joy Late in the midnight hour, joy Joy, joyyohhhohhyjoy Ayyayayyyyayy, joy Oahahhahahahahah, ahahahahahaha, joy Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Joyy, joyyyyy Joyyyy all the time y'all, joy Joyy, joyy Joyyyyy that you can feel Joyy, joyy All that we even need is joy y'all Joyy, joyy Just a little bit, just a little bit of joyy, joyy *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome to our World Song: Up Jumps Da Boogie (Remix) Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Verse 1: Magoo Mag and double-ooh came to move your body M-C old school like Lodi Dodi When you hear Up Jumps Da Boogie Dance till you can't and shake your cookie People to the left like Mag to def People to the right need to clean your breath Bigger than my butt, pulled out some cheese We the best on the scene since the three degrees Aachoo sneeze Cool like the breeze Me and Timbaland two Master P's I hope you bout it Cause I been bout it South on the rise, V-8 bout it bout it (uuuh) Driven in my '89 Mercury Record label don't you try to carry me Got some of that project in me Get dem flashback, you besta all flee Verse 2: Timbaland I'm the dope producer in the industry I'm tired of producers bitin' on my beats Baby, thats cool, I ain't got no beef But you must pay me producers fee I am the man with the ill ass sound I got all the execs saying I love that sound Timbaland was next on the agenda A house, some stocks, three zorts for the winter Don't y'all sappy fools get mad at me Because I became a millionaire in a year times G I thank god for blessing me I give all my thanks to the all mighty Now I'm just chillin in my house in Rohb beach Now it's time to catch a plane to N-Y-C This is the remix to Up Jumps Da Boogie Boogie, woogie, woogie Oogie, oogie, oogie Verse 3: Missy M-C's mad at me But you better get back I'm bout to ratta-tat-tat Tiggy-tigga-tat  Lay me flat on my back In fact, I interact and make the track turn phat You heard that Have it, give it to me daddy Cut it like confetti I know y'all said mother uuh wasn't ready You back in the studio, yeah I got you sweatin Timbaland my man, chica my man Beep beep In the caravan, there go my man Magoo, what you got plans for pullin down your pants? So Magoo know dat, why you trippin like dat? Is it pissed I make a list, of those who diss Who try to be me cause my style sickening He-huh Yeah and my phone's ringing Bdadadrrrrrrrrrr..mmmm Gone Chorus: Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Verse 4: Magoo Verse number two Two verse rhyme When I get greens, I gets a dime Peace to god, my neice, to Mario Y'all don't know nuthin bout Jamario Huckle Berry Finn I'm country and I'm thin They make rock eat and buy my black Benz Hook it up with tens with candy coat Me and Cheech and Chong rope, but still smoke Smell like butter Salt n' Pepa push me  How to be a player squeezin on your tushy Mag in a row of all wannabee's When Wimbledon drank all the teas Eating Rice-A-Roni with Toni Toni Tone Keep Cindy Crawford, to me she's to boney See another Rain, unless you know Missy Clown suit on so don't you dare diss me Verse 5: Timbaland Now I'm gonna make my rap only eight bar On this track Maganoo's the star One of my favorite rapper's Nas Escobar I listen to his tape driving in my car Now let me get back into the groove Tap the person standing next to you Tell him or she to move side to side And tell them to keep the party live to live Verse 6: Missy Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me Got to move my knees straight down to my feet Down to my hands, clap, clap Tell me where the party at? Where we boogie at? Up jumps da boogie Boogie my flow Yo-ziggy-yo Timbaland here we go Y'all to slow to make this kinda doe Shoot you don't know, shoot you don't know Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Bassey Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: I Get It On Typed by: janis@betatesters.com What's up Jack? [Lil' Man] This goes out, uh huh It goes out, uh huh To all the B-Biters, huh? What? Timbaland got something to say ya'll Check him out This is the lil' man speaking right now Yo, Timbaland, kick it [Timb] If it's money to be made, I guess I'm the printer If it's ice to be rocked, I guess I'm the winner You know my crew, Ginuwine, not the pretender One in a million like Aaliyah Burn like Gonorrhea, what? I beat the beater, snares everywhere Cris' like the diamonds in the watch on my wrist Audiences growing like a newborn You must be on some new and improved Lyrically I murder tracks, put two in a crew Tell me, who wanna mo' Catch me in the studio, what? Doing a do Give me 10 minutes, I'll hook you up with joint that's mean >From New York, VA to Cali, all points in between Timbo I even bowed it down in NO And every corner that I flow You know I get it on Timbo, I even bowed it down in NO And every corner that I flow I get it on [Lil' Man] Can you get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out (Um hmm) Can we get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out (Um hmm) [Timb] I'm the top nigga, watch nigga, hot nigga, yo (Yo) Shit that I dropped, nonstop nigga, whoa (Whoa) Meet the futuristic unpredicted by the psych (Uh huh) Either nigga's vibe or they make shit light (Whew) Hip to the hop when I came in the do' (What?) Missy went platinum then I came in some mo' (What?) Aaliyah, then Ginuwine, Mag and two O's (Uh huh) Outside production on Coko and Total Fugitive wanna buy the man for real Got warrrents beats and program to kill Timbaland nigga, and I'm Ill Don't believe me? Take the back of your hand and feel I'm burnin' up, yo, can't stop my flow I'm burnin' up, ya'll can't stop my dough Im burnin' up, up top and down south they know When it come to these beats I don't play, yo I get it on [Lil' Man] Can I get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out, yeah (Um hmm) Can we get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out (Um hmm) Now she's gon' point 'em out, check it [Bassey] I come sweeter than a two seater Benz Have your pockets wide open, have you spendin' on friends It never ends, expensive indeed Without the C's, lavish habits love the carats Nigga's with mad weaves Spendin' money ain't nuthin' Nigga's who style frontin' And then pretend ya gettin' old Nigga, we let you know, diamond district Platinum Rolex's with the chips in it Money to burn, nigga when will you learn It's automatic, now I realize I gotta have Lifestyles of the rich, that fly assed bitch There's a track to be ripped, I got the hot shit Check the whip, I'm banging from my land to my six Had you screamin' at the show saying Bassey's a hit I got the gift and nigga's know I'm ready for this Eyes closed, lips sealed, and prepare for the kiss [Timb & Lil' Man] And I told ya'll we won't miss, what? [Lil Man] Did she get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out (Um hmm) Point 'em out, what? Did she get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out, yeah (Um hmm) Can I get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out, uh (Um hmm) Can he get it on? (Um hmm) Are ya hands up? (Um hmm) Where all the playa haters at? (Um hmm) Now point 'em out nigga (Um hmm) Now point 'em out, what? Now let's ride, yeah boo Yo, Timbaland People don't understand how you do these beats, yo Ha, even I don't understand You know people always tryin' to bite you And made stuff like you You da man right now I ain't mad at cha Play on playa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Mad Skillz, Nas Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: To My Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tim] It don't stop [Nas] Can't stop [Tim] Say what? [Nas] Play your parts [Tim] Uh-huh, it don't stop [Nas] Nas Esco' [Tim] Say what? Huh, uh-huh [Tim] Uh-huh, it don't stop [Tim] Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh, uh [Tim] It don't stop, what? [Nas] Yea yea, Brave-hearts [Tim] Guess what y'all? Check it Verse One: Nas I, splash y'all dudes with gats I use Ice dangle off my chest cause my cash improve Nice knuckle game, chip-toothed, way of buck and change I want the dough, fuck the fame Already made history, y'all can have that, that ain't shit to me About to have my own ASCAP, and that's that And plus a rotisserie, instead of Kenny Rogers and Benihana's, y'all can eat, plenty at Nas' Buffet of lobsters, dressed in Esco' boxers With honies that sex so proper, best flow since Rakim Liver, personification of drama Describe my, characteristics, murder co-signer Some will smoke embalmin fluid and vomit to it I'm straight chronic, yo it's atomic how I blew up Same ol' G, since I rocked Kangol's, Lee's Nothin changed but my bankroll, still jig to the ankles Chorus: Nas Please, to my niggaz To my bitches, to my gangsters To my riders, to my niggaz To my bitches, to my niggaz To my riders, to my gangsters To my bitches, to my niggaz And fly assholes, to my niggaz To my bitches, Timbaland and Esco' [Mad Skillz] Yo, yo, we rippin tracks, it's like beatin beats with bats Watchin crews change the views when the heat in they back If you hear a click, trust me, you wouldn't hear clack If you push it up front, I got no choice, but to pull it back Your rhymes don't faze me, I'm above em; half y'all raps is born retarded, now you out here tryin to get rid of em You should be sick of it, I posess no flaws That's from the man that made your Head Nod til you Lick-ed his Balls Verses I spit em, when it's my turn to get em, I got hot flows I only do shows for burn victims So cock this mic, and bust out your back, kill you And then they gonna blame me for fuckin up rap Who's fuckin with that? Skillz and Esco', it's on When you speak in my direction, watch your tone From Q-B to V-A, can't count the blocks we own It's locked and sewn I repeat nigga, watch your tone Chorus [Timbaland] Yo commmmmme see The big man with the diamonds and the fly Bentleys Ladies loooooovve me; niggaz say "Timbaland's really rappin, what the fuck is up B?" Jeallllllousy I kill niggaz with seven thangs, most they jackin beats I'm a eight digit niiggy Maybe I just rebuild Titanic and send that out to see What? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Magoo, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Here We Come Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] Another one 	[Playa] 1 - 	Here we go so wave your hands 	For Missy, Maganoo, and Timbaland 	We gon' show you how to party right 	So pass the UHH and get the hype 	Alright, we gon' party tonight [Magoo] If you're livin' for love, start livin' for life If you're having a baby, then make her your wife If you're up in the club where the dub It's like a bank sell to the highest bid Put the cash in your bank Girl I'm lovin' your booty, you can "hoo" to my blow Then fish but please honey child, don't kiss All I want is a freak when I'm up in the club Maybe after the dance, dinner sharp, then the tub I'm a nigga wit' class, you're a girl with a job Taste of my neck like corn on the cob I'm second to none, I'm freaky as ever Go downtown, "Well I never" [Timbaland] Uh, uh Well I'm the man, that they call Timbaland Now he the bir-ba-bir-ba-bird, understand? We gon' party, until the sun comes up Bartender, you forgot to fill up my cup, uh Ain't no stoppin' until your draws start floppin' There won't be no beef unless the disc stop jockin' (what?) She said this, and he said that And he said that Timbaland can't rap But I don't care because I make dope tracks I make you bounce and wiggle, and do this and that Timbaland, where you live at? VA baby, believe dat [Missy] Aiyyo, aiyyo Now I'm rich, I once was poor If you're late with my dough, then there's no show I grease my hair and it still won't grow If you feel my butt, boy you gotta go Out the back for touchin' my back For trying to jack every Timbaland track Maganoo, where you was? They been bitin' our style, those silly bugs Where's the spray? I'ma spray 'em good So the next time they bite they die like "Ugh" I'ma roll up the biggest dutchie Get some sweets cuz I got the munchies Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Magoo] He he Girl, when the bar open up five rum Everybody wanna get a buzz, get some 9 out of 10, all girls gonna freak Just gon' depend on who they gonna freak Don't gotta floss, all girls know they name Only near, chillin' in the club, no game Brotha mad at me cuz I got cheddar cheese When the club close got his girl on her knees Oh man please, learn the two degrees Degree number one, keep your hon off trees Degree number two, keep your girl 'round you Never trust a girl, Lord knows what she do [Timbaland] Uh huh Tricks - is what I got in my bag Hits - is what I make out the lab Ritz - is the crackers that I eat Bitch - is what a man don't need Rubber - shows I'm a careful lover Stutter - is what I do in trouble, what? [Missy] My man, Timbaland He make beats for the streets See, me and Maganoo In the back rollin' trees Gettin' high off the phone Tell a nigga what chu want, HEY! [Missy] Now, I'm in the S-L-K I roll up the window, so the 'doo won't sway Spray my hairspray so the waves obey So when I say stay, them bitches stay Oh by the way Me and Timbaland, we got the beats to make you dance Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Playa (Aaliyah)] Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo doo, doo doo doo, doo doo doo........(Yea) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Mad Skillz Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Wit' Yo' Bad Self Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Here we go again Ha ha, here we go again Make it hot, uhh (Yeah) Here we go again Make it hot Mad Huh, here we go again We're gon' make it hot Ha ha, here we go again (Yo) Skillz [Mad Skillz] Now listen, baby girl, I don't like kissin Flip your back out, and we can start twistin Check the intuition, the dime definition Cop all the rocks that sparkle and glisten Where your man at? Yo, that cat missin I got you on the line, you mine, no fishin Satisfaction, no competition We rock the V-12, we leave him the 6's What's the deal? Fulfill every wish and haters keep hatin, dissers keep dissin We rich and, I take you out on a mission You can make it hot, what I do make it sizzle Keep you lookin jig', your nails to precision Got your girls jealous, to be you them chicks wishin Hit it on the bullseye Boo no missin Keep swishin, you see gold like Slick Rick and Chorus: Timbaland (repeat 2X) (Go ahead Daddy, go ahead) Wit' yo' bad self (Go ahead Daddy, go ahead) Wit' yo' bad (Go ahead Daddy, go ahead) Wit' yo' bad self (Go ahead Daddy, go ahead) Wit' yo' bad [Mad Skillz] Now what you want? Prada, Escada, you got that The way the one's stack ain't no way that you can stop that You in the way girl? Boom when I block that Treated your physique like a beat and I rock that You got your Hustle? I ain't tryin to Knock that Drop carats and the ring, make sure the rock's fat You can rise, but you ain't tryin to stop that You'd think I had the keys Boo the way I locked that Oh that's your man? I think it's time to drop that Lay it off, play it off, yeah you get the props back You get the dress, I get the cane and the top hat After we done Boo, I let you run the clock back Fallin in love? Oh never not that Who you know who control where they gettin jocked at? And in Vegas I'm hittin it up like a slot rack If you think you runnin game girl you need to botch that Chorus [Mad Skillz] Now when you came in the door, I seen you before A dime, fine all the way to the core Thick enough to make a nigga drop to the floor Talked in your ear til my throat got sore Lames, she could see my game was straight raw Specially since she bought my tape right out the store She was like, "Ain't you 'sposed to be out on tour?" "Since you ain't tryin to go Boo, what you askin for?" Need I say more, from the 8-oh-4 If you placin bets girl, then you best be sure Slick, if you sick, then I got the cure Chrome spinnin, we winnin Boo, check the score Filthy rich, I like to dress like I'm four Have the chicks fightin like the next World War Sure, yo you never treat em like a whore Like Jay said, "Love it or hate it, eith-er or" Chorus [Timbaland] Uhh, what, uh huh What, like that, what Timbaland, what Mad Skillz, uhh Collabo', what Don't go, baby Don't go, baby baby Don't go Chorus (w/o Timbaland) (Go ahead) 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Jay-Z Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Lobster & Scrimp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Yeah, uh-huh Uh-huh uh-huh uh... yo! Yi-yea, yeah Yo Timbaland, wh-where Missy at? (Ha ha, right here Dawg) Geyeah Uh-huh uh-huh uh Uh-huh, yaknahmean? (Yeah) Lobster shrimp nigga, I'm a pimp nigga Feel the game that I spit.. lobster shrimp nigga Yeah, c'mon From the gutter to the rich From holes in my clothes to the most butter shit How's life, what a bitch Now I rock ice for the fuck of it Your wife love my shit, know who you fuckin with? Jay-hovah, 'fore I never got no play Now these bitches wanna give me more head than Sade (Say what?) Crisp in the 6 withcha bitch parlayed I need privacy I pull up the back shade Initials on the headrest, it's official Style so sick I need bedrest, nigga I got issues (Say what?) I hate fake bitches, "you gotta wait" bitches "I don't know you, I don't fuck on the first date" bitches (Is that right?) Hot shot niggaz, talk to the cop niggaz "Money, that's my girl," cock block niggaz See you in the club, and scheme on your watch niggaz Talk a lot of shit with, no Glock niggaz It's Jigga baby, let it be known I'm the king, I could never be dethroned Thank God Uh-huh, yeah yeah yeah Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yo Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) Yo, ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga And I came to put it down for y'all, what? Call me, fitty plus, niggaz envious Drop top, Jigga, leave em in the dust You got a lot of crew, do any of em bust? Hell no, Jigga off the hook, "Hello!" They call me poppy seed, this is hot to me I got this lock and key, I got cities Under Siege When I'm in L.A. the six-four is ill When I'm in the A-T-L it's the Coupe DeVille When I'm down in Miami, I'm hoppin through with the all black Ninja with the sock over my shoe Mami screamin, "Papi chu', who keeps stoppin you?" And I'm screamin, "Not a cat, Money holla back" It ain't nothin but beginners, and y'all in the game but y'all can't ball like Chicago centers This is it niggaz, get your grip niggaz It's about to get hot mami, Who You Wit? "Jigga!" 1 - 	Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) 	Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) 	Ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga 	And I came to put it down for y'all 	Is you a pimp nigga? (Yes I'm a pimp nigga) 	Well spit the game nigga (Lobster and shrimp nigga) 	Ain't nuttin changed nigga, you know the name Jigga 	And I came to put it down for y'all Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hear Timbo' on the CB, need some info Your chick is with you Dawg? [Timbaland] Gotta be, 10-4 I'm in the 5-speed now so I shift to fo' [Jay-Z] Mash my foot on the gas til it hit the floor [Timbo] Tires left skid marks, whoa [Jay-Z] Shit's about to start [Timbo] How we got there? [Jay-Z] Snatched the case of Crist' up out the car Can you stand the rain cause it's pourin now [Timbo] I hope she likes porno flicks cause she starrin now! [Jay-Z] If the answer is no, she speakin foreign now [Timbo] Just let a brotha know, I turn my car around [Jay-Z] Freak or freeze, if the answer really is no Girl I leave so fast you can speak to my breeze She said, "You're stressin me now," Said, "No No No," then, "Yea yea yea" like she Destiny's Child  [BOTH] We about to cook [Jay-Z] with no recipe now -- to the mornin, then  [BOTH] LET'S BE OUT! Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Timbaland] That's how we do it y'all Timbaland, Jay-Z Two pimps Two pimps Two pimps baby Put it down Don't you like that? We like to do it like that We like to ride these tracks Uhh, you don't think we two pimps? Huh, holla back You know what? Tell you somethin like this With the Ferraris and Jaguars, switchin four lanes Ha ha, money ain't a thang Ha ha, I got no thangs you know what I'm sayin? You know why? Cause I'm a pimp And Jay-Z? He's the pimper you know what I'm sayin? That's how we do it right here in the nine-eight So we gotta be out let it ride like this Bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Babe Blue (1 Life 2 Live), Mocha Album: Tim's Bio: Life in Da Bassment Song: What Cha Know About This Typed by: Silkk1102@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] You see? I think it's time for me put it down.. .. for my females, hahah I'ma let my females shine on this track You see? I ain't biased I ain't racist either So I'ma let uhh.. Mocha bring it in [Mocha] The one boss bitch, not on that horse shit Honey I wanna score with, money, I'm all for it Speak the raw shit, they on the floor quick Prepare to be surprised, if you think I'm a poor chick Got off the wall shit, who could be more thick? Plus I can flip, rough-up, or flatten out, four bricks As for the mic, I can break flow out, or either bless em My style is my own, and a shorty, can't test it So y'all - ramble on, I'ma get my gamble on Ceram' handle-arm, while y'all scramble on Want to battle? It's on, I'll take you on anywhere I'll take you on a bus, on a boat, or up in the air I'll take you on with the gat, I'll take you on on the track I'll take yo' ass on a trip, and you never come back Though this a freestyle, these styles ain't free When I'm done, better believe, they got a PILE for me Chorus: Timbaland and Babe Blue (repeat 2X) What cha know about this, ha? You don't know Lemme show you bout this, ha? We gon' blow We don't go without hits, ha? Get the dough You can never doubt this, ha? Ha? [Mocha] Y'all go 'head and yap on, I'ma keep rap strong Talk but don't act on what you rap on (say what?) I speak facts to beat clacks, and lead tracks Heed that, relax, feedback? Keep that Bet-ta ease back, never see me slack Break your kneecaps - then, have you do three laps Tryin to see this half a mil, y'all - dingy stacks for - weed in sacks, tote - ki's to crack Wonder why they can't keep they eyes off me?  Y'all chicks ain't 8, I'm a dime plus 3 Got a 6? I got a stack Got a whip? I got a jet Got a clip? I got a tec That's why you not a threat Wanna know how you could be down too? Can not do, make em say "ahhh, oohh" Been through it, put too much into it And writin so long, I ran out of pen fluid Chorus {except last line} [Timbaland] Babe Blue [Babe Blue] Y'all chicks assed out, Babe Blue's here Shook out your mind, cause my debut's near All y'all demo chicks see me when you master yours I surpass you whores, then I smash your broads Shorty, don't get your hopes high, praise the most high Babe Blue, livin loca I crush all those, small hoes, what?  My go-to-the-store clothes is better than your wardrobe You ain't seein mine, I walk right in the club You one of them chicks that be in line Me? Studded out, ice flooded out Bitch you ain't nice - please, cut it out Bronx to the death, we gon' spit raw Timbaland got beats, what you talkin shit for?  Forget yours, Moch' and Blue, comin through Bystorm, Z Man, tell me what you gon' do? Chorus [Timbaland] It ain't over! [Babe Blue] Y'all chicks talk a lot, now you wanna hate me? Moch' and Blue, Cagney and Lacey Start the biddin wars at 1.2 We gonna show all of y'all what one joint do You wanna get the third degree, cause you never heard of me? See thugs murder me, deep blood burgundy? Hell nah, see I'm tryin to get my mail ma But y'all chicks didn't know, so I had to tell y'all Chorus [Timbaland] Doubt this, uh uh uh, whaaat? Let it ride, uh uh, uh-uh uh-uh Tonight (1 Life 2 Live) uh uh, uh-uh uh-uh Uh uh, uh-uh uh-uh (1 Life 2 Live baby) Uh uh, uh-uh uh-uh Uh uh, uh-uh uh-uh, 1 Life 2 Live What what? Uh uh uh uh What cha know about this, ha? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ 1 Life 2 Live, Lil' Man  Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Can't Nobody Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] C'mon ah what? Ah, what? C'mon, ah, what? Ah, what? C'mon, c'mon, ah, what?  Ah, 1 Life 2 Live, what? Ah, what? [1 Life] Live, huh? Yeah Y'all cats ain't ready, I'm just too much When I was young, my mamma said I used to cuss too much If I ain't known you twenty years, I don't trust you much Roll with nuthin' but thugs and hustlers, yeah I don't care if they crackin' down I'mma drug graduate without the caps and gowns I used to have a thing for buying gats and pounds And I laugh in my rhymes cuz you cats is clowns [Babe Blue] Smash you down, patch you down We take yo guns and we blast yo' round Pass the crown to the new female king This is real dog, you nuthin' but a Lee Nail thing [1 Life] Like the end of the world We put it all to a stop and Chicken heads and dimes, yeah, they all gon' flock And you go against us and you all gonna flop When we reign, you gon' need more than a mop 	[All] 1 - 	Can't nobody do it like we do 	(What what what what what) 	Can't nobody do it like we do 	(What what what what) 	Can't nobody do it like we do 	(What what what what what) 	Can't nobody do it like y'all do 	(What what what what) When we spit, yo we never run outta rounds This is lifeball not football, you outta bounds Since some of you people's houses I be cruisin' around Slow it down cuz I think that I'm losing you now For those that's not lost, tell y'all hoe's to stop Cuz the union is in here, toast it up When they shoot you suppose to duck Look at them by the bar posing drunk (Say what?) [Babe Blue] We don't care who we toast in here We get you for how much you gross this year You not a punk, you suppose to fear Better not come out until the coast is clear [1 Life] Totin' beer, you hatin', sayin' how they get a deal that fast But even without this rap game I still have cash My mommy wears a money wiz, I'm trickin' buying Vickey Secret Just to cover her punani hair Repeat 1 [Lil' Man] Uh oh, you didn't think I was coming My people can't stand for the little man To rock without or with bad I can determine what chu gon' do Are ya gon' play it? Are ya gon' move? The party ain't gon' start if ya don't dance I don't care if you leave, but you still be my man I don't get mad over silly pettyness I say to hell with it, say oh well with it Timbaland is known watch him make ya move ya feet Make dope beats, rhyming sound so unique His Beats are like Sean Archer and Caster Troy Ya need the same identity to find how he soars He's the wicked man, the wicked just begun Call him Timbaland the resurrection Clear-ese Don't try to hide from ya fear Clear-ese Don't ya hear the set got in ya ear? Clear-ese This is the love man you're talking to Clear-ese His beats are dope, I try to tell you Can't nobody see us in the nine eight Or the nine nine (Freaky freaky) You're late (Freaky) You're late (Freaky) You're late (Hey girls and guys) You're late Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Like y'all, the public Is y'all the public Ya do it so well This goes out to y'all Quiet Storm, Z-man 1 Life 2 Live Little Man Wanna thank y'all For makin' us Who we are today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Magoo, Lil' Man & Static  Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: What Cha Talkin' 'bout Typed by: john.mangal@consunet.nl, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] (What cha talkin' 'bout?) Repeat above throughout intro [Lil' Man] Uh oh 	 Ha ha, what? 	 Uh oh, what? [Timb]  Told y'all [Lil' Man] What? [Timb]  Told y'all [Lil' Man] What? Check it out [Lil' Man] I'm the Lil' Man, join with the Timbaland People walkin' around sayin' to theyself "Damn!" People can't realize who the fuck who I am I'm like the VCR tech they call bad People don't know what they gonna see next They might see Timbaland with Funkmaster Flex Or doin' a duet with the group called Beck Or back in the studio gettin', gettin' sex [Timb]  I'm the ill nigga that loves Chips Ahoy [Lil' Man] Timbaland where you at? [Timb] Here I go boy, I got yo' back with a Tec 9 You see them niggas creepin', what? I thought you knew, I told you so Never, ever step over my toe (nah nah) I got that nigga (what what)  >From the "V", Static, where you at? [Static] Here I go, if ya pearlin' in a 'lac, then turn that shit up If ya chillin' at the club, then tear the party up And if you got shove, let it bump bump Not speakin' for yo' cheddah, but I keep mine in lumps Nigga, my momma taught me that, can't sneak me from the back So I found her chasing cheese, so I watch for dirty rats See I'm wise like the guys, and smart like the streets See I be rollin' blunts while Timb' be makin' them beats, Timbaland 	[Lil' Man & Timbaland] 1 - 	What cha talkin' 'bout? 	What you sayin' to me? 	Why you staring at me? 	Let's have a party, B  	What cha talkin' 'bout? 	What you sayin' to me? 	Why you staring at me? 	Let's have a party, B Repeat 1 [Lil' Man] Play that guitar, man, eh, and damn! That shit is tight like a bowl of crisps Listen to the words that I spit, makin' ya sick It's the Lil' Man puttin' it down Got all my females flashin' around It's that little voice that's makin' ya tickle Come on Timbaland, and gimme some of that liquor [Timb] Are you drunk? (Yes, I'm drunk) Are you pump? (Yes, I'm pump) Do you wanna see the party get chrump? (Yes, I pump) This ain't nuthin' but a party (Say what?) After the party (Where ya goin'?) Hearty, I gotta make my way back to the crib I forgot I was on probation (Yeah that shit is real) But ain't nuthin' gon' happen to me Magoo, finish it baby [Magoo] Ha ha, yeah One more again from VA Yes, your southern representative Keep two Tecs in my Lex, cuz I'm sensitive All my competition stop wishin' for my demise Cuz I'm hard like my dick, we'll ever be on the rise Get between some thighs, and fuck until I'm stuck Order the main course, four bitches, I'm serving duck How da fuck you payin' a bitch just to fuck? If a bitch want money for me, pray for luck Only thing I love is weed and big cash If yo' ass ain't a check, nigga kiss my ass Leavin' freaky bitches in stitches, cuz hoe's be envious Me and Timbaland still friends and will continuous Oh, what a web we weave When I achieved to fuck the baddest bitch you niggaz them ever seen Possible, if you got game they blaze a zing Pockets of rubbers, bitches go rump with just my name Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Timb] This is how we do it We make it ride on through Like liquid fluid This is how we do We make it ride on through Like liquid fluid, what? Me and my posse I know you hear you little airplanes flyin' around Yeah, have a couple people lookin' forward to this Now we gotta be out For the '98 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Static & Yoshamine Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Put 'Em On Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Intro] Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, whassup? Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, what? (Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on) Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, whassup? (Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on) Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, what? (Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on) Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, whassup? (Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on) Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, what? Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, whassup? (Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on) Do you like it, do you like it, do you like it, what? (The first verse, bird) [Timb] It's a hot Saturday My little sister's outside  Playin' patty cake (patty cake) My momma's in the kitchen (kitchen) Wit' the Shake 'n Bake Magoo got on the stockin' cap Tryin' to pick this way I'm (I'm) in the back with the play sta' A little boy (boy) came and gave me an invitation Said there's a party and ya gotta wear your suit And ain't no time (time) for the D-Q I say who-dee-who [Static] Pass me the courvoisier It's a party-yea, it's time to play I see today is a good day I'm out for gleem, plus play it then finally hit your screen I may not be the giant but I want that jolly green I got tomorrow's dreams baby, don't share the turf (what?) Maybe I'll tap your glass, I got some cheers for you For they yak can't hold me back So baby, whassup with that? (yeah, yeah, yeah) Tell me where the party at [Timb] Pick it pick it pick it up [Yoshamine] You and I goin' do that damn thing, make it bang You went out to the room in the back Bring me in a Henney and a pack Give a blunt to that fact suicide State of mind, do or die, anytime We can bang in the back of the 'Lac Any damn thing bang Do the thing in the back of the 'Lac In the car, at the bar, gettin' high, wanna try You went out with the heels on the block Get the nine's all coughin' And nigga's gon' run in our spot Wonder why hypnotize, on my eyes and thighs You ain't heard of me yet But I betcha ain't met another one yet Who do it like this It's on, put yo hands in the air We got you in the zone, get yo hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air We got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air We got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air We got you in the zone, put your hands in the air See I'm keepin' all the party people in the place And I'll pull another playa's parts bags Send searchin' for sex for six packs,  See I'm Simpsoning them all to the back She even knows I'm hellerin So they'll move till they pickin low, go over really  If I say hit his head and then hang another round I'm showing 'em, knowing if it's a drag  That you hit it from the back and stroke Left to the right keep it right on time One time, two time for your mind Better get soft layers and go over mine Come about two chairs and go here's an ear if it's on tonight Then this is the word I speak Shit don't quicks mo' too tight [Static] I come clear to your mouth and spit many a spouse and get Civil cuz riddles can sizzle picks it a foul out Package your rap attack, it's for presses and stash They catch your track by the tail and smack they head on the nail Factoring the jam made by Timbaland givin' fans something  Bumpin' (bumpin') and scrumpin' for your consumption Listen close to the slick and those quick quotes  Keep gettin' dope shit, fuck with this, it'll get you so most [Yoshamine] When she get crucial forget about what chu used to  Cuz I'm here to pay dues too, nigga put it to the back sayin' I'mma school you on the rules to how to tell who's who On a cruise to who's tryin' to use you  In the same sentence demention that will lose your attention So pull mad intentions like Mag' Lot of people gonna wanna see me stand stagnant, but it ain't gonna happen Sound completely like Twista, or get mean like Mista' For they feel the purple from the first time The first rhyme that they first heard First word, nigga's know that I'm a gold mine Come on nigga's now lets go a time Tell I'm in a power mood, the party groove records tour if I move it I'mma support their dues or loose it It's on, put yo hands in the air If I got you in the zone, get yo hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air I got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air If I got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air If got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air I got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air If I got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air If got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air If I got you in the zone, put your hands in the air Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on  Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on  Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on  Put 'em on, put 'em on, put 'em on  If it's on, put your hands in the air We got you in the zone, put your hands in the air If it's on, put your hands in the air We got you in the zone, put your hands in the air The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Ludichris Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Fat Rabbit Typed by: magoousher@aol.com  [Ludichris - Verse One] I be that nigga named Ludi a k a L-O-V-A L-O-V-A Fuck that shit Nigga what you wan say one time Southside let's ride (say what) And if you love what you do, do what you feel Then I know you gonna mark my words Yall drop shit like birds Then it's about the time for yo ass to get served Just lay it on down Just lay it on down  While we relax to the tight raps And the phat tracks That that nigga Timbaland put down Oh yes, let's get it on down to the nitty grit Don't have no time for the patient Cuz I got more dick than a lil' bit And time flies, when I'm havin' fun I can make a hoe get like Forrest Gump and just "run baby run" I guess that they can't handle this Brothers just to scandalous If you don't wanna get freaked then get out my way like an ambulance (say what) Gitty up gitty up ride up on the real, let death to the fake And tell you boyfriend just to chill, don't playa hate Kick back relax, and just take off yo shoes Cuz I gotta tell you what I wants to do (uh oh)  Yea [Timbaland (Crowds) - CHORUS] Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it (let me feel it) Let me grab it (let me grab it) That fat rabbit (fat rabbit, fat rabbit, fat rabbit) Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it (let me feel it) Let me grab it (let me grab it) That-that rabbit (ohhh, c'mon) Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it (let me feel it) Let me grab it (let me grab it) Fat rabbit (fat rabbit, fat rabbit) Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it (let me feel it) Let me grab it (let me grab it) That-that fat rabbit (uh oh) [Ludichris - Verse Two] Fatter than fat facts like a dove sack Showin' them where that love's at So open up your eyes and get a surprise like in CrackerJacks Punan' Don happy Givin' up that nappy dug out Get the cut up, then I cut out Why you standin there wit yo' butt out (whoo) And it's always in the back of my mind Wherever the place, whenever the time Even in College Park, after dark, I'ma get my sunshine Closer than close, closer than most, then I'm all up in ya Beginner, give me a thigh, breast, and wing like Ms. Winner And let dinner be served Can I get it on a platter, shatter your bladder and put so much light in yo' life I'll make the roaches scatter The wetta the betta, I'm ready to get ya Gotta have rabbit like that cheddar So I can freak ya like I just met ya Hot like a sauna, get comfy like in a Cadillac Nick nack paddy wack give a dog a bone Jack Kick back relax and just take off yo shoes Cuz I gotta tell you what I wants to do (uh oh)  Yea [Timbaland (Crowds) - CHORUS TWO] Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it (let me feel it) Let me grab it (let me grab it) That fat rabbit (fat rabbit, fat rabbit, fat rabbit) Let me touch it (let me touch it) Let me feel it, girl (let me feel it) Let me grab it, girl (let me grab it) That-that rabbit, girl (ohhh, c'mon) Let me touch it, girl (let me touch it) Let me feel it, girl (let me feel it) Let me grab it, girl (let me grab it) Fat rabbit, girl (fat rabbit, fat rabbit) Let me touch it, girl (let me touch it) Let me feel it, girl (let me feel it) Let me grab it, girl (let me grab it) That-that fat rabbit, girl (uh oh) [Ludichris] Yo' love is supa-cala-fragalistic You don't know how bad I missed it If it broke then don't fix it Yo stuff is butta like a biscuit Reminisce like Mary I gotta pop that cherry Kinda like that coochie You wanna be my hoochie Better than my advesary Don't be so scary I, never thought that you could act up Make a nigga wanna back up Keep it tight through the night while I wet this track up So we can slip and slide Make you wanna dip and dive Trippin' while we rip and ride Til I get to the coming side Got you where I want yo ass In the case of an emergency, break the glass Keep yo eyes on the President, erase the past We be happy if we had more blunts to pass Get done up and run up And the guts of yo butt don't shake like they used to I wake em up like a rooster Take it slow, not faster than a turbo rooster No worry, no hurry No pain, no gain Keep yo eyes on strain Cuz ain't a damn thing changed Kick back, relax and take off yo shoes Cuz I gotta tell you what I wants to do (uh oh)  Yea [Repeat CHORUS TWO] [Crowds]  Let me touch it, let me touch it Let me feel it, let me feel it Let me grab it, let me grab it Fat rabbit, fat rabbit (repeat x4) [Timbaland] Wha, uh huh Yea Dirty South, can y'all really feel me East Coast, feel me West Coast, feel me Dirty South, can y'all really feel me East Coast, feel me West Coast, feel me Dirty South, (uh huh) can y'all really feel me East Coast, feel me West Coast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Twista Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Who Am I Typed by: maseluv98@yahoo.com [Timbaland talking:] Da Da Da Da Da Da Yes yes yes yes yes yes It's me again baby, Timbaland And uh, we doin somethin like dis Hear the beat? Uh (*clapping*) Say what? That's right Thank you, thank you, thank you (*laughing*) Uh right now, I'ma bring a special guest in He gon' rip it for me, like this, check it out [Verse One: Twista] Who am I, nigga with the blunt, steady trippin Sippin on the concoction, with the gun cocktin Drum knockin, gotta get off Bitches and killas in the front watchin Flowin with like a finna studda some Betta come off a butta ton, brotha run, I hope he said he were I'ma flow until my belly hurt Pimp nigga rockin on the stage and rock on in the petty shirt Let it ruff, ooh, feels like anotha one Who you be? Mr. Shystie The one who make you frown up like the lemon in my ice tea The motherfucker most likely To get a tuba with the opposition in my position  I break 'em off when I give 'em the heat Steady re' for rollin, nullets body decomposin I dismember the weak on the Timbaland beat You remember the beat, conversation we had When my "Adrenalin" was rushin, check yo brakes and knee pads When the Twista get to bustin, bodies gon' get rushed in I can make 'em hit the dance flo', brothas, bitches, and hustlers I get up in the guts homie, never phony Hitta wigga when he run up on me Yall motherfuckers still don't know me Let 'em learn slowly [Chorus: repeat 2X] Who you be? I'm the one that stay high Center maka up the party, rockin bodies Make ya throw ya hands up in the sky Neva shy he's fly - who am I, who you be? I'm the one's gon' get buck, T straight from the Chi Verbal homicide, everybody duck With the party up and pimp struck T-N-T now what's up - who am I? [Verse Two] Who you be? Who am I? The one who's surrounded by the wood 500 with the ribs stickin through the hood Up to no good thats why'd stay they misunderstood And I'm always in the mix of some shits Scoop a shawty and she thick And the bitch getts grip in them hips Putta dick on the lips top it doggie style, she my homie gal So I tricked on that bitch, now who you be? The one who's on the dance floor Sex gon be one of the mass hoes Freak on a bad hoe, youse could really wanna flash gold Turn a hater to a sass hoe Play and ballin up at Cape Town, strippin went down Study, tippin off of CD's and tapes Though see niggaz see Gs to take Run up to the car, got no thangs They got CD's to break, no easy pace, who you be? The crime cause other obituary and eulogy Photo stank and yall be who to see Only smokin it with you and me Lets go hang out where the booty be I was on sumthin, no frontin Yello wide ol' belly in the po funkin Grinnin while up in the curb Wanna journey for herb Always tellin somebody to smoke somethin True indeed [Verse Three] The one thats flowin fluently Make yo baby say goo to me Whatcha did to her Didn't ask why I hit her for Cause the game like liturature Get it Get it gurl I don't know what you was waitin on But if you aint with a partna This young monsters a fly guy Shake a lil bit of dat body We gon party till we sky high To my playas and soldiers, shady niggaz, young thugs and strap hoes, pimps strikin fees and red bones Ghetto fees and Gs and MC's for the rifols The one that be kickin off air time From sunrise to bedtime All of yall need to know me, the one and only Pimp slach tingin twista from the Chi Makin compotition die slowly Who am I? [Timbaland] Ha ha ha ha Yall didn't think that I would do it again twice did ya Ha ha I do it like that, I put it down For the 98 or TNT  Thang ya know what I'm sayin Timbaland and Twista Yall fools couldn't recognize could ya? I put it down for all parts of the area We out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Kelly Price, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Talking on the Phone Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy] Yo yo yo yo Wah wah wah Yea yo yo Wah wah wah wah  Wah wah wah wah (uh huh) Yo yo  Wah wah wah  [Kelly - Verse One] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [CHORUS] Talking on the phone (talking on the phone) Gotta get your own (you gotta get your own man) Leave my man alone (and leave my man alone) Callin' him on the phone  [Kelly - Verse Two] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it You [Repeat CHORUS] [BRIDGE] Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Da da, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo yo) Da da, da da (ficky ficky) [Missy] Ficky ficky ficky S-U-P-A Fly, I'm cute I, keep yall bitches, chicken like soup What yall wan' do, I'm not that chick to talk shit Nor I'm that chick to fuck wit' Did you hear this? Did you get this? Watch Missy flip like an acrobatic My automatic Tongue tactic Flows like this Be the muthafuckin' shit (shit echoes) [Alien voice] What I need right now Is for yall You and Kelly I need for yall to To come meet me in space Now could yall sing that for me again That first verse [Kelly] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [Repeat CHORUS] [Alien voice] How do yall like space? (wah wah wah wah) Can you dig it? Now if you like space for all my martian people out there I need all yall to put yalls hand up If you can feel me So I need Kelly to sing the second verse for me [Kelly] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it (what she doin' girl) You Talking on the phone (say what) Ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you feel it) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (say what, yea) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (yea, say what, yo yo yo yo yo) Talking on the phone (I'm feeling quite good right now) Talking on the phone (but it's time for me to take my spaceship to another level) Talking on the phone (cuz right now I dont think the world is ready for Timbaland) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I'm on that next level, can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I don't think so) [Alien] Come to the light, Kelly! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Ginuwine Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Keep it Real Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Timbaland] Uh huh, uh huh Uh, uh, uh uh (oogie oogie overlaps) Ginuwine [Ginuwine - Verse One] You can't fool me girl I know you well What's on your mind It ain't hard to tell Don't leave me now Don't play wit' me You think I'm blind But baby I can see  I saw your eyes, from across the room You was checkin' me out, and I was scopin' you too Don't say I'm wrong (what) Don't mind those eyes I'ma call your bluff So baby tell me why [Ginuwine (Timbaland) - CHORUS] Tell me standing here (tell me baby am I gettin' on your nerves) Baby keep it real (why don't you tell me how you feel) Tell me what's on your mind (tell me am I wasting my time) I gotta know, baby let me know (repeat x2) [Ginuwine - Verse Two] Could you have told me girl Is what I said You can tell the truth I'm all in your hand And what's wrong wit' that Are you ashamed of me? You can fool your girls But you can't fool G I saw your eyes, from across the room You was checkin' me out, I was scopin' you too Oh I'll turn and walk away If you deny (I) But before I go Could you tell me why [Repeat CHORUS x2] [Timbaland Baby baby Baby baby What's yo name What's yo name How bout you How bout you Come play our game Come play our game It's me and Ginuwine It's me and Ginuwine A new day and time A new day and time C'mon baby C'mon baby Wha wah wha Wha wah wha [Repeat CHORUS x 3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Aaliyah, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: John Blaze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Uhh, yo Uhh.. uhh Uhh, yo yo John Blaze, John Blaze Uhh, uh-huh Uhh, UHH, mm-hmm, mm-hmm Yo John Blaze, ehehehe [Aaliyah] + (Missy) Why can't, I explain (I explain) explain (explain) And you keep, me so amazed (mmm) I'm so amazed/(I'm so amazed) Why do (yes), I feel this way (uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Could it be (uh-huh), you're John Blaze/(John Blaze) You're John Blaze (uh-huh) Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blowin (uh-huh) my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (mm-hmm) ooh yeah  You're John Blaze (say what?) You're John Blaze (yo, yo yo) Boy you blowin my mind, (yo boy) boy I've lost my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way (ehehehe) You're John Blaze/(John Blaze, uh-huh, yo yo yo) Why am, I sprung out (uh-huh) I'm sprung out (uh-huh, uh-huh) Do you know, what I'm talkin bout, no doubt/(no doubt, yo yo yo yo) Why do (mm-hmm), I feel this way All I know (uh-huh), is you're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) You're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) Boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh), boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (John Blaze) ooh yeah  You look John Blaze (John Blaze) You're John Blaze  (yo, yiggy yo, yiggy yiggy yo yo yo you're John) Boy you blowin my mind, (uh-huh) yes you do (say what?) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you're John Blaze) In every way (say what?) You look John Blaze (yo, yo) John Blaze [Missy + Aaliyah] I don't what it is, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga say what? I don't what it is, ehehe, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You crazy, yo, you bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga ehehehe, yeah [Aaliyah] Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blow my mind You look so fine In every way, every way You look John Blaze, you're John Blaze  Boy you blowin my mind You look so fine, so fine In every way, ooh yeahahehahh You look John Blaze, John Blaze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Playa Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Birthday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Playa] Oahahohhhhhhhh Happy birthday baby Baby, baby, baby Girl when you're with me, you know we ball For sure And baby every time I have a ball With you So I made reservations for, this special day Baby Baby bring your baby oil, and your lingerie C'mon We got a five star room, the luxury suite With marble floors, and don't thank me Cause I did -- I did this for your birthday All for you, all for you With a king size bed, the Cognac bar The sweet TV with the VCR And I did it -- I did this for your birthday Yeahahahah, yeah yeah yeah Whoahowhoa, ahh yeah I felt like I could break a couple of rooms, for you That's how I brought myself to buy this expensive room Let's do it in the jacuzzi On the balcony, baby, whoahhahhh Girl let's enjoy this special night Cause the bill's on me We got a five star room, the luxury suite With marble floors, and don't thank me Cause I did -- I did this for your birthday Whoo! Do not, do not, do not.. did not do it baby! With a king size bed, the Cognac bar The sweet TV with the VCR And I did it -- I did this for your birthday I'm what you want, I'm what you need Let's get on the floor - let's get on the floor Let's get in the chair - in the chair On the sink - on the sink In the bed - in the bed Back on the rug - back on the rug In the tub - in the tub I perform - I perform Anywhere - anywhere Let's get on the floor - let's get on the floor Let's get in the chair - in the chair On the sink - on the sink In the bed - in the bed Back on the rug - back on the rug Or in the tub - or in the tub I'll perform - I'll perform Anywhere - anywhere You have a five star room, the luxury suite With marble floors, and don't thank me Cause I did -- I did this for your birthday 	You seem like you've been workin so hard With a king size bed, the Cognac bar 	And you need just a special day The sweet TV with the VCR 	Yeahhahayeah ohh yeah And I did it -- I did this for your birthday 	Happy birthday birthday baby! We got a five star room, the luxury suite 	Wait a minute! With marble floors, and don't thank me 	Wait, wait.. wait! Cause I did -- I did this for your birthday 	Yeahhhhhhh! With a king size bed, the Cognac bar 	C'mon in, c'mon in The sweet TV with the VCR And I did it -- I did this for your birthday 	Yeah.. yeahhh, yeahhhahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: 3:30 in the Morning Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Oh Well well well well, mmm Oh ho oh oh oh ho oh Mmm, mmm, uh uh Oh yeah Oh yeah yea Verse One Tell me why you trippin', out on me, mm Everytime I wanna hang out You get mad at me Why can't I do the things, that I like to do, mmm Why can't you put your trust in me Like I put my trust in you Even if I'm... Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, I'ma tell 'em about my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey Verse Two Why you wanna argue with me, all the time? Even when I'm out with my girls You be on my mind Why can't you sit down And understand That no matter where I be, or where I am I let them know that you're my man, you're my man Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, I'ma tell 'em about my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey Bridge No one but you I'll be coming home to you No one but you Even if it's after two Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, cause I've got my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Troy Mitchell Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Bringin' It Typed by: drunken_monkey72@hotmail.com What Yo yo yo yo yo yo Ha ha It ain't over baby It dont stop like dat dat dat datdat dat Wah-kump Dat datdat dat Wah-kump, wah-kump Dat dat dat datdat dat Wah-kump Come on One question: Who be the thug that yall love most? Or give a toast to this freestyle drug dose The thug muscle So whistle if you hear clear Gon' get you close and yous a dead man like last year See most fear The marvelous, alias You dare discuss and get yo muthafuckin head crushed These slugs bust the most wanted when they just appointed I stomp dogs and leave em froze because you know you fronted Too many MC's not clearly on this hype tip I'll fuck yo mic and catch you later on some snipe shit extended clips I represent because my thugs trip Easy boy, I'm stompin corners where them drugs flip Ali Baba snakin lakin trustin north shit You catch a grip or leave a don to climb the night hits It's mob official You test I'll leave you knock-knissued Bandaged up like a snitch cuz I ain't fuckin with you Straight up, we bringin' it What y'all, huh huh, V-A Know about this What y'all in Hampton, huh huh Know about this What y'all in p-town Know about this What y'All in Hoviay Know about this Check it out I'm ya p-town hit man I'll make ya shit man Pay my stick man to do my dirt I'm filthy rich man My thugs always hang around the top dog of all dogs Make em pick locks and spit glocks until you shit rocks I told you that I'm project strong You took me wrong and learned that thorough cats don't last long Alias the Don I leave it messy like I'm Joseph Pesci don't fuck around, you ever test me and you'll have to wet me I'm ghetto fabulous the mob crush the Lord just, never be discussed When there's dirt involved, niggas leave the mouth closed to hush I rush club scenes like, "What?" Always carryin the bust The reason why, these niggas that ruck ain't had enough I hate to peel ya cabbage back, or bitch-slap Cuz otherwise you wouldn't quit that, to kidnap So what I'm sayin is, everybody's real within the game Alias be the fame, so you don't know my name, NIGGA WHAT What y'all V-A know about this What y'all in Hampton, what Know about this What y'all in Nomo Know about this What y'll in Chesapeake Know about this Bring it boy See I told y'all motherfuckers that my clique roll deep AK's and street sweeps gunnin down in ya peeps 44's and Calico, Pretty Ricky and Low Thugs know The real on how I let shit go But if it's real, my niggas hold a forty and fill Mass grills, body armor, niggas trained to kill I'm at the point of no return, so I let shells spill Vinny Rush, Crazy JJ and Mush must chill And Killa K and Johnny Hesh steady aimin that steel Shit's for real, my nigga P and Mike might peel They get the gats and crazy stuff my brother love the ghetto tugs and set on top of niggas what let's straight wet the party up ESP was in the cut my rootin black, pull it up Is that enough? Y'all niggas still fail to call my bluff? And yet I told you, when left back cain't nobody knows you I suppose you Woulda kept your mouth closed like I told you What y'all in V-A Know about this- I told you What y'all in Nomo, what Know about this, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Fatman Scoop Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Drop Typed by: menace2society27@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Fat Man Scoop, Crooklyn Clan Timbaland, Timbaland Fat Man Scoop, Crooklyn Clan Timbaland, Timbaland Whatever I say, y'all gotta do Whatever I say, y'all gotta do Whatever I say, y'all gotta do Y'all too, y'all too, y'all too, y'all too (Timbaland) Awww lord guess who's coming Timbaland A.K.A freaky Phil Drummond Who can get it crunk like me Timbaland Oh my nigga Scoop A.K.A fat man Weed guaranteed to make the party people bounce Fellas say (OH) girls say(ah) Lookin at the cornrows up in the club Girl don't be bashfull girl back it up Throw it girl like its poking man Shake that ass as fast as you can White girl shake it like she burning from a sun tan My dog grip it grab it like it was a soda can What you talking bout holding back When you get on the dance floor drop it like it was a cadillac What you talking bout cutting nigga slack girl girl you betta bend that back 12 my girls roll deep in the club Cant't wait to hit the bar and get that thug Where my dogs that got more than a hundred bucks Cant wait to freak one of the big old butts Before we start to turn it out you must learn to crunk out Before we start to turn it out You must first begin to (Fatman Scoop)2x Breathe in Breathe out  Breathe in Breathe out Breathe in Breathe out Now drop now drop now drop now drop (Fatman Scoop) If you got the fattest ass on the block now drop Let a nigga see the coochie pop now drop Do the snake do the freak do the pop now drop Yo dont stop dont stop Real eyes down south thighs Waist line five six seven now drop One time all in together now drop Yo dont stop dont stop (Magoo) Get your freak on at club(?) We aint put the album out niggas got their leak on I done been up in the club seen a ho with a thong I aint hear good at first she was singing the song Shorty rocking donna she was pushing and popping Red bone with a bop she was stoping and dropping Stopping and dropping this the part of the song where You need be snaking and popping Snaking and popping yeah hoe Mag made the song Yall niggas still popping and locking Aint no zone (?) a white girl I aint turbo rocking a damn curl Watch Mag slow while I break you down slow When you get it right girl go for what you know Wiggle a bit stop drop get up snake freak whop Wiggle a bit stop drop get up snake freak whop Get off the wall hands of your balls Yeah nigga with the drink in his hand trying to ball You dont want shorty I can show you the dance Gone once gone twice you done lost your chance Now stop for Big Pun stop for Big pun Drop for Big L drop for Big L (Fatman Scoop) If you got the fattest ass on the block now drop Let a nigga see the coochie pop now drop Do the snake do the freak do the whop now drop Yo dont stop dont stop Real eyes down south thighs Waist line five six seven now drop One time all in together now drop Yo dont stop dont stop (Magoo) Guess who came with a cape on his back Pulled up with some gin hopped out the Cadillac Mag is chilling Tim is chilling When I get up in this club I'm making a hoe feel it Got no game but I got big cash Mess around I be leaving this club with Stacey Dash I aint cute enough but my jimmy got a flick and it shimmy I'm in the club pulling hoes with Timmy (Timbaland) All my shadow people where freaky where you at All my Broadway people freaky where you at Where my fellas in the back with the carnie act Where my girls who think they got it like that All my ndependent freaky where you at All my get money dogs freaky where you at Where my girls with the thongs who be shaking it fast If you love to sing along nigga holla back (Fatman Scoop) If you got the fattest ass on the block now drop Let a nigga see the coochie pop now drop Do the snake do the freak do the whop now drop Yo dont stop dont stop Real eyes down south thighs Now drop Waist line five six seven now drop One time all in together now drop Yo dont stop dont stop Show me what you working with(back it up back it up) Show me what you working with(back it up back it up) Show me what you working with(back it up back it up) Show me what you working with(back it up back it up) Bend over Bend over Bend over Bend over Bend over Bend over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Sebastian, Tweet Album: Indecent Proposal Song: All Y'all Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Timbaland] Uh, feel me? To all the women across the world, we can't diss y'all We gotta love ya, that's real, uh To all my ladies in lingerie, never underage, who stay gettin paid Who like to take trips where the sun is shade To my women who love to ball out And spend all that money 'til ya fall out I feel like a pimp with a different pimp game with a different pimp name, with a little pimp fame I'm loaded with cash, loaded with class, loaded with a lot of things Even got a gat loaded for that ass I love my mind, love my soul, love my body I don't drink or smoke that's why I love my body You might catch me chillin with a little short hottie With a little piercin on her body Yes, I get it poppin, 'specially overseas Japenese girls even love my beats They say, "Timbaland we love you We love the dope things that you do" Even in London they say, "Tim, we love ya" They even call me things like wicked, and the f'n governer That's why I can't forget y'all That's why I had to make this roll call, uh [Chorus - Tweet] This here's for one and all It's so good to feel all a y'all, oooh Make that move and just ball out, oooh Life's too short for some time out, oooh This here's for one and all It's so good to feel all a y'all, oooh Make that move and just ball out, oooh Life's too short for some time out, oooh [Sebastian] Back when shorty cherished the thing, yo' time was frequently saved for us stoppin and whiskey poppin to the Marvin and Gaye (Sonny, don't plan tomorrow but live for today) (Sonny, here's a quarter for that groovy arcade) From Cool J to Kane dawg, we changin the game So graphic with thangs, Pac-Man ain't lookin the same Haters, get more familiar who you robbin for change Sebast', a.k.a. Tyler Durden's the name [Timbaland] Guess what people, it's the first of the month Guess what people, I can do what I want I can take, all my peoples on first class flights I can buy all my homegirls lightning new bikes I'm a don when it comes to just servin girls I'm a don so that's why nobody's in my world 'Cause Timabaland's that cool cat Aka Thomas Crown, don't forget that, uh [Tweet] I'm just tryna' find what I need   But I'd rather be smokin weed [Magoo] Live life to the fullest, drive cars, eat hot food   Live in a mansion next to Hanson [T] I ain't forgot that I'm from yo' hood  I'm just tryna' be who you would [M] Cause I hate the game, I hate the glory  I could be with y'all, it would be another story [T] You don't know all the things I seen  More than fame and his naked greed [M] They took my cash, take my name  Put it up in bright lights, I ain't got a damn right [T] Think I'm chillin and livin large  Girl he's Mag not El DeBarge [M] But I'm a be the man in charge in due time  All my P-Town folk gettin paid, bottom line The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Sebastian, Sin Album: Indecent Proposal Song: It's Your Night Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Timbaland talking) C'mon, ah, c'mon, ah, bounce a little, what, c'mon, yeah Ha, you didn't think I was comin like that did you? Whooo! [Sebastian] From the corner to the dice where we rollin at For all my homies gettin nice off that cognac To ghetto chicks who appreciate the Cadillac When it flip to the normal color like Mike was back Nike hats, slightly above your nose and neck Chucks and slacks, seperated from Gores and Tecs Chicks in packs, please, let your weave relax I'm so gangster with this rap bouncers hold me back (Timbaland) Hey G, I feel you black But let me get up in this club and show you how I act I'm a fool when it comes to these party girls I'm a fool when it comes to this party world Now ask yourself, now who do beats like me? I was the one that gave you "Hey Papi" I'm like Tupac, all eyes on me Got niggas messed up in the industry, but it's ok  [Chorus: Storm & Shelby (Timbaland)]  It's your night (yeah), no need to act uptight (uh)  Go and grab somebody (go 'head), go and grab somebody  And be real  (And just dance a bit, c'mon and just dance a bit)  Do what you feel  (Uh huh, and just dance a bit, c'mon and just dance a bit (Magoo) Must be the first of the month Mag get up on the track and I'm rappin drunk Y'all wanna battle we can spit for days Let up sixteen bars like mayo-naise Swisher in my mouth, shower cap on my dome Ain't in the studio, little shorty I'm home Pass the phone, I'm a call all VA Tell Sin, call Brooke and bring some Alize (Sin) Got in the game like what, it's over man (say what?) I spit vodka, ain't sober man (say what?) I'm a bigger guy, need extra pay Give me a bed so I can lay in my Escalade You could be black, Puerto Rican or Dominican Room 219, I don't care, send it in I'm a jiggy guy, ride one plus the five Make it a six, big bad son of a bitch  [Chorus] 2x (Magoo) Sin got the Alize from home Give me Lifestyles, put 'em on my jimmy, it's on And peep out my manuscript Mag and Tim party hoes so you gots to strip And I ain't playin games when I heart And leave Mag hangin hard suit with Christopher Darden I take about a hour to bust Chickens wanna get with Mag so they makin a fuss Told 'em, "simmer down, you're next Take my headphones, listen to Funkmaster Flex I'll be about a minute or less Stop sittin clothes on, take off your dress"  [Chorus] 2x (Timbaland talking to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Static Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Indian Carpet Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Timbaland) Yo (yo), yo, ay yo Timabaland's flow infamous Allow me to assemble this flow with limitless style For all man, woman and innocent child I have no perimeter Break all barriers in various areas My sound is mimicked Track prime minister, some say sinister None stoppin the groove until when it's The climax, some niggas is bitin my hot hats And followed my drum pattern, but I done that It's time to change, get more deranged Feels more strange (doooodooooo) Follow me through gravel and shallow trees From mountains to flat plain, to thunder and black rain Through the dream state of utopia Woke up to the sounds of that man Timbaland Five Mexican bitches scopin us Belly dancin, sayin "hell, he's handsome" in Spanish We was fine until the subtitles vanished Then and open fire, totin opium Higher than I ever been in my life Heard cries throughout the night like  [Chorus: Static]  Let's get 'em started  While they dance on, Indian Carpet  C'mon, uh  Niggas act retarded  While they dance on, Indian Carpet  C'mon, uh  Let's get 'em started  While they dance on, Indian Carpet (Timbaland) Ay yo, I woke up to a bowl of rice like the Golden Child T.V. playin like the Poltergeist, must been on overnight I saw a strong beam of light, decided to walk to it Could it be the son of Christ, I decided to talk to it In the halls I heard music shoutin beautiful calls And I swore I heard a voice say:  It's yours my, gift to you, to do what you choose  But I suggest you do what you do to make the spirits move I hear ya dude, and me bein a barrel of fruit But your ears heavenly, when I sit in this chair and produce Then my hallway darkened I felt a power surge rush throughout my apartment And the glance callin like (Magoo) Mag spit with a sense of purpose on purpose When you was eatin collard greens I was eatin these dreams I stepped in dog shit and bit Skid Row twice Only ice I had put it in my orange Slice What you know about livin in a jail when it ain't no bars Handcuffed with no key, world denyin your plea A third-degree charge when it ain't no crime Twenty-six years old and I got more time Phone overdue, baby on the way, low pay Low rent for your mom, gotta get away Smoke, hate now, then you wanna talk about the ghetto I'm tenth generation of that, came out the womb with a hat Polo on and Nikes with a gold tooth I'm Superman, I can spit from any phone booth You and your cold ass crew do what you do Just remember Mag never feel good, I am the flu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Jay-Z, Twista Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Party People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Guess who? Uh, uh-uh uh-uh Jigga, ya heard? Uh-uh, a-Timbaland, ya heard? Uh, Twista, ya heard? C'mon, c'mon Uh-uh, uh-uh, g-ge, ge-geah Yo.. yo.. ye-yea, ye-yea Turn this up.. yo, yo, yeah When the war's on, the 4's are drawn like pictures The niggaz is all gone when these triggers get witcha Nigga before long you need stitches in your longjohns A.K., t-t-t-t, heartbeat, t-t-t-t Eight figures you fake twitchy niggaz can't stop (that) Jigga, Twista my nigga Timb on the hot track How you gon' stop that? We can't be slowed Niggaz (?), look at your clothes When I'm in crazy mode, three-eighty blows like Maceo, leave acey holes That's just Jay-Z doe, crazy flow Rhyme great, dominate your radio C'mon, get your gun, your mask and gloves I don't ask for love, I blast 'em up Respect my gangsta dude, or your life's in danger dude Doctors pushin on your chest tryin to bring you through [Chorus: Timbaland] + (Twista) All my party people gon' do what? (Gonna get buck) Get some liquor in the gut (So whassup?) (Get them lighters lit up, make them get up  with somethin the East and West gon' bump) All my party people gon' do what? (Get crunk) Get some liquor in the gut (So whassup?) (Get them lighters lit up, T got some gangsta shit  that's beatin in yo' trunk) [Magoo] Fuckin with Mag, nigga end up in a hospital Sittin on the corner of the bed, sick cause of what I said to him On a track star beef take it in the kitchen Cookin MC's all niggaz taste like chicken Hittin 'em high, bitin they ear Tyson on a muh'fucker vampire style, I'm a bloodsucker You turnin into a mad ducker, tellin ya dog I'm at the Rucker with a bad Puerto Rican chick Fat as my cash and she a dick sucker, get up outcha car You ain't goin real far, see the chainsaw? Breakin the law, like turnin a dyke when it come to that man that just like Mike I don't care what you like, I'll make you run in outer space If you go to court man, only wish you got a case For real, I'm fuckin faced on a hill of ice Mag hot now nigga 50 G's the price [Timbaland] Timbaland good for that - {*beat plays, he scats*} {*scatting*} - I invented that Hear the hi-hat, hear the bassline on the track Remember "One in a Million" when I left ya back Producers sayin, "How you get your sound like that?" I don't know playa, I'm a creative cat Got party people dancin to dis and dat Got party people sayin, "This a dope-ass track!" [Twista] Timbaland hit 'em with the um, ah-um, ah-um-ahh, you gon' do what? Stop frontin you bumpin the new cut like a shoe ah, um ah-um ah, hit 'em in the gut Twitchin and itchin to get up, I hit 'em up With some skanless to vibe to and ride to with the stanky inside you - listen to while a freak lickin you Go on a bogus mission to, somethin you crip-walk in the kitchen to Somethin you bump on the porch or the park Or pump it while you displayin yo' heart when you flex on a mark You can play it to clear your head from drama with the feds and all the homies like down for when they in the dark Used to rock up at the block club, players wasn't ridin slick You can let your mind cruise for miles They can't tell no sucker who's allowed, with a strap on the mic I'm thinkin how can I move the crowd, move the crowd [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Timbaland] .. bounce wit me, bounce wit me, bounce, ow ow ow Ow ow ow-ow ah, shake wit me, shake wit me, shake wit me, shake.. .. bounce wit me, bounce wit me.. Shake wit me, shake wit me Ow, one time, bounce wit me, bounce wit me Yo, ahh Remember when you first found me?  I was workin at Burger King Now take a good look around me  Look at all these cars, look at all these girls Why you always tryin to put down me?  Why you always tryin to put down me? You get 'round your friends and try to clown me  Why you always tryin to pull that boo-boo? I'm gettin tired of all that bullshit  Always talkin dis and dat Your girls screamin, "We looove him!"  See girls, they LOVE me Girl that's just, only Tim  Yes, it's only Tim Whatchu talkin 'bout that's only Tim?  Yeah whatchu talkin 'bout that's only Tim? Cause [Timbaland: repeat 2X] I made it this far (this far) Made it without yo' money (yo' money) Made it without yo' car (yo' car) Made it without yo' naggin (what?) Now look who's the star (whoo!) [Timbaland] YaknowhatI'msayin? Why it gotta happen to people like me, I don't get it I don't understand it That's why people like myself, only hang with self Hahaha, and nobody else Easy now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Static (Playa) Album: Indecent Proposal Song: People Like Myself Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Timbaland] People like myself, only hang with self cause that's the way to go I can't go outside without findin some new kinfolks People on my left, people on my right, all in my earhole Make be like whoa and find me somewhere else to go [repeat Chorus] [Magoo] It's Mag from your TV screen, buzzin off the Jim Beam But the Mag y'all think y'all know ain't what I seem I'm a low-down freak from Chesapeake See them high school mates, I see 'em and don't speak All y'all wanna talk like we used to hang Cause I'm doin my thang, now you wanna bask in my fame That's why I stay out the club, be in the crib Smokin a dub, countin my cash, over the phone And I'm sellin cell phones, all with chips My nine to bloods, my glock to crips, who want war? You and your boys can bring the noise But I'ma bring hand grenades, now you're laid! Pull out my dick, piss on your bitch-ass Sit on your face, now you gotta kiss ass Who fiend for fame life belong to your fans and haters and thugs that wanna end your lifespan [Timbaland] Uhh, uhh, uhh - since I got bigger (bigger) I'm over here and y'all recite Tim's my nigga (nigga) Like I just figure (figure) And my tracks didn't help niggaz So for rememdy I pound niggaz Like I keep 'em in DJ's for that new Jigga Like them forty-two Girbauds I pocket every demo, like Timbaland - he's that next nigga Confirmed by people that she can blow Convinced Booker T she's the next to go Now I'm checkin every joint and every unit I sold Once I'm deep in the dough, I'm deep with a crew In the 80's y'all screamed like the movie is through Y'all screamin this is "Nutty Professor: Part II" To "Eyes Wide Shut" to whoever I choose I can appreciate a Kidman to a, Tom Cruise To a, fast food, I'm strictly drive-through The money I gave dudes I basically raised fools [Magoo] Even the phone spit it, God know what I'm thinkin I'm drinkin and smokin and stressin, go to church for confession Down on my knees, beggin to God, show me the path My label is jerkin me workin me so the devil can lurk in me Sick of niggaz bitchin, wishin I'd fail Tell 'em Mag be the rap effin Kenan and Kel I'm spittin the version of verses curses over the churches Rappin mo' iller than thriller Manila and give you salmonella [Timbaland] Stop, the press! Bitch, you can't afford that dress, you can't afford that hairdo I don't want your sex, here take your fast food "Tim you're dead wrong, Tim you're dead rude!" Hey girl, I don't even know you "Timbaland we're your first cousin Marion Sue" My momma never ever mentioned you My momma also told me to watch them savage boos, what? [Chorus: sung by Static] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Petey Pablo Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Serious Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Timbaland] Wha-what what-what-wha-what, wha-what what what-wha-wha-what Wha-what what-what-wha-what, what what what-wha-wha-what Put in that thang, put me in that bank, whoo! Put me in that drank, put me in that thang, what! Put me in that drank, put me in that thang Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Freaky-freaky-freaky - uhh Put me in that drank, put me in that game, YO Put me in that Range, better yet that Phillies YO Put me with them clothes, Coogie at the toes Tim about to let us know - WHOA, WHOA, WHOA Put me with them models, put me in new models YO Gimme face lifts, manicures you silly hoe You was bowlegged now you walk pigeon-toed You came in the front, I kick you out the back do' I'm a landlord, drug dealers cockroach(?) Who got the forty-five, I got the crossroads(?) I'm chillin in Cuba, chillin in the Pocanos We some down-to-earth fools, who don't act first We gettin rowdy and we bust them things yo That's what you get, for messin with us country folk I'm from V-A and I got it locked yo I'm from V-A and I got it hot yo [Chorus: Petey Pablo] It's SERIOUS! We came to handle our business Handle these niggaz, handle these bitches It's SERIOUS! Only game we playin is ours And we ain't gon' never foul out {repeat 2X} It's SERIOUS! [Magoo] Put me in that Lex', let her give me head in it Put me in the room, hit her on the bed in it Get me on the corner I'ma sell the whole load Niggaz try to rock when the nine out unload Unload my world like a St. Louie Ram Put it down like a Florida at the screen jam(?) Y'all fuckin with the ultimate Shit in the park punk and now you eatin it Rip off your shine, take out the hardest line You (?) me actin funny like a Valentine You fuckin with wilderbeasts when you come to VA You niggaz ain't even try I know you niggaz don't spray UHH - put me on the corner liquor store with whores A slice of white bread and a Mary Jane warehouse I know I spit on the track, walk around a pimp fox One all in my cash, rubbin on my fuckin socks [Timbaland] Timbaland! I'm that man! Watch that man! Stop that man! Bitch, don't you dare grin No favors, you been what I been I'm a hot tomale no you a hot tomale Don't give a hell what they say or read about me I'm a rich man, invest in stock man I buy land from the (freaky-freaky) white man I move to Atlanta with Country Grammar and move to 'bama with nails and hammers to put the posters on Havannah Move to China to move through miners Then move to shirts, drawers, pants, and to the panty-liners I got them cars, I got them thangs I got them planes, I got a whole squad entertained Timbaland, I'm the man So ladies.. wave ya hands, what! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tmbaland & Magoo f/ Petey Pablo, Smokey (Playa) Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Roll Out Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Intro: Timbaland] Hey y'all, can y'all do something for me? Can y'all bounce, can y'all bounce, what? Hey y'all, can y'all do something for me? Can y'all bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce? Hey y'all, can y'all do something for me? Can y'all bounce, can y'all bounce, what? Hey y'all, can y'all do something for me? Ficky, ficky, ficky, ficky, Timbaland [Timbaland] I be creepin' in backyards, dippin in alley ways My brother in the 360, I'm in a escalade We piled ride high, sittin' on low pros Petey in the back of us, with his range rov Bold ladies sittin' in back, one ridin' in the front No smokin' in here, so put out your freakin' blunt This how we gon' do it, so pay attention to the rules Women in sexy gear, draws down and no shoes That's why we keep it live, cuz we keep ours alive For that alcohol is full of, full of surprise That's how we're gonna ball, walk before we crawl This here, this here, is that party y'all Roll Out (ROLL!) Get crunked (ROLL!) Get your girls (ROLL!) Get your boys (ROLL!) Hit the switches (ROLL!) Bring the noise (ROLL!) {*panting noises) Roll Out (ROLL!} Get crunked (ROLL!) Get your girls (ROLL!) Get your boys (ROLL!) Hit the switches (ROLL!) Bring the noise (ROLL!) {*panting noises} [Petey Pablo] Roughest, toughest, fastest, one of the baddest Rappin' asses, tickin' on a Timbaland classic Layin' in traffic, shiftin gears in the automatic Tryin' to get past this old couple in a Maverick Beepin' my horn at 'em, flickin' on my hazards G. callin' me, on his cell phone laughin' Thinkin' his chick hang out the sunroof flashin' I done went in the grass, like to kill a rabbit Swerve back into traffic, radio blastin' Slammed on the brakes {*SKRUT!}, ya old bastard Tim zig-zaggin', hell, he in the back and Girls sittin' on the trunk, droppin' wine glasses Wind blowin' dresses up, showin' off the panties Polka-dot stripe thongs crammed in they fannies WHOOP! You could be Ms. Barry, fine as you is Tim, pull it over, let 'em ride in here Repeat Chorus [Smokey] Catch me in a chick, and her name is Kim Tryna tell you who I hit cuz I ran out of Bim Fast food so dangerous that I'm crackin' my rim Like why Taco Bell drive-thru so damn slim I'm out north too, no top on the Benz Big body, too, just like I walked out the gym Man, I'm sppeding through, not just feeling the wind Look, the needle to the gas tank is right at the end Now, I'm needing to sin, lying again Pumpin' gas in the Benz, with no money to spend And every kid that walk in, cashier turning again So it's a good thing that lady walked in her twins Repeat Chorus [Magoo] All I do is listen to Eightball, with the hoes on call High dank in my gas tank and eat raw franks Grill in my bed and serve 2 steak and siemen And I'm scheming on your daughter with on condom and Clairborne Don't get it twisted, I'm gold-toothed and two-fisted Both arms ready to roll, chrome-wristed I'm past being beserk, I go to work Tell the boss "Go 'head give me some sugars and hot sauce" With an atrack of Diana Ross playing And drunk off some moonshine, I passed out and woke up at noontime Thought it was crack of dawn, but ass was in my face Said them draws was versache, I thought she had versace Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Timbaland & Magoo f/) Tweet Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash And we're back.. playing the hottest mu-sic on your radio Coast to coast.. worldwide shore to shore sea to sea I am your host.. DeBruca And you're listening to the hottest radio station, in all the land W-poon-poon-P.. [Tweet] What a revelation (lation) You're the reason that I breathe Innocent creation I can use you as I please The only one to tell my story when words are hard to catch Of all that comes with fame and glory You let me rock you best Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooo-oooh, ooooo-oooh.. Such a sensation (sation) Hypnotizin melo-dy No limitations I can stroke yo' every key And you'll give me that do-re-mi-so And sometimes double-time And sometimes you'll love me nice and slow Makes me wanna sing this rhyme Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooohh.. oooh-weeee.. Ooooo-oooh, ooooo-oooh.. [w/ voicebox] Love me.. like I, love you Don't you love me boo? Don't you love me boo? Love me.. like I, love you Don't you love me boo? Promising, promising now, that I love ya, I love ya I love ya, I LOVE YA! I do love ya.. yes Iiiiiii do, yes I do Can you love me, can you love me Can you love me, can you love me toniiiiight, toniiiiight? Can you love me, now can you love me Now can you love me, now can you love me toniiiiight, toniiiiight? All I wanna say to you is Can you love me, can you love me? Can you love me love me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Petey Pablo Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Baby Bubba Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (Pop a Dom boo, what, c'mon) [Petey Pablo] It's the dippy dippy don now you heard that Let's take you back, where the original Tim the bird at? I got shit here to make you down on twelve-pack Call Rudy, tell him hook us up a twenty sack C'mon c'mon c'mon, we ballin y'all Where my cats think you feel me at? Alla y'all, and when we earn that They finally let the dish and the pan Then I start with some cash Let me get to Virginia (V-A) link up with Timbaland Now I'm bustin they ass Now they callin me The Incredible Man I'ma shit it sick like YEAHHH And there is one thing to understand Y'all know what it is and Petey is just what I am Spit what I spit cause I don't give a damn Spin like just like y'all spin at the mall in blue drawers On some du-rag, it's 'bout to be the all that is New broad, new day, new cars, new motherfuckin deal Heyyyyyy [Chorus: Petey Pablo] Heyyyyyyyyyy baby bubba If y'all feel it let me hear you say Heyyyyyyyyyy baby bubba We lost the music selector Heyyyyyyyyyy baby bubba If y'all feel it let me hear you say Heyyyeyyyeyyyyy baby bubba Well he caught me in the van, the gun chat lean fah-ward [Timbaland] Check me out in my black Trans-Am dippin on that man, who that be? TIM-BA-land, now haters wanna get at me Just because we three brothers dippin in the FLY RIDE He don't care though, nigga we just three FLY GUYS all up in your local mall pickin all your local broads HOLLA - if you wanna get into a local brawl We the in-timidators, y'all in-timidated by our bling bling ring ring, and I can't debate it LOWRIDERS (bzz bzzt) hittin on switches As we PASS BY YA (bzz bzzt) in sun fire - c'mon! What y'all need to do is throw that shit up, shit up For the cool amigos with Tequila in the gut What y'all know about them Southern girls with them big butts? What y'all know about them buckshots bustin from a truck? Yeah, yeah - that's that Southern hospitality The come of the me, the come of the Pete The come of the 'goo, the come of the G [Magoo] Mag spit it 'til I die fucker You wit your label kissin ass like a damn sucker Meanwhile, Mag in Virginia in some house shoes, watchin the news Do my album when I'm ready, tell my label to sue If I got it I'ma get 'em, it's cornered and sell some (?) from N-Y to floater while I'm humpin your daughter Stayin in the French quarter and listen to Juvenile I like that South shit, all my niggaz is wild You gotta come up with a new plan, I'm sayin man South boys ain't fuckin playin - check them This week got OutKast and No Limit, and Eightball Scarface, Ludacris, and Goodie Mob, UHH We do it country cause we proud of this shit All those that wanna hate on hip-hop can eat a dick I ain't a thug and I ain't tryna be They tryna take my love man and it bothered me [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Mad Skillz, Ms. Jade Album: Indecent Proposal Song: In Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  (C'mon girl, I was just playin with you) [Timbaland] Ah - c'mon, ah You would not believe - c'mon, ah What's goin down right now - c'mon, ah Holla!! C'mon ah You would not believe - c'mon, ah What's about to go down right now - c'mon, ah Holla, c'mon.. Guess who's back it's your favorite man Thomas Crown, a.k.a. (freaky) Timbaland I keep 'em twelve deep in the full motion van Mamis betta not speak unless I say they can Hon - whatchu know about this guy? I've been hittin girls back since "Cooley High" Groovy right, whatch'all girls doin tonight? Bumble bee let's hum right on this flight [Ms. Jade] Hum on a flight? Nigga you 'fraid of heights Ms. Jade have you whinin by the end of the night Try and try and have 'em sick when I board the jet Dough from bets, fuck around and saw off they necks You heard me black? Squeaky-ass Cadillacs I owe you one, you fuck around and owe me back Got Franklin on the mind, shit I ain't gon' front I'm a number one sinner, what-wha-wha-what? [Chorus: Timbaland] Life, is, what you make it I got plenty big faces.. to spend on you-oooh-ooh Life, is, what you make it I got plenty big faces.. to spend on you, in time [Magoo] I'll be yo' penicillin, keepin my jimmy chillin What more can I say? Top billin Niggaz got the feelin I'm wack and I fell off Said bird is the word is Charmin and Mag's off? Don't y'all see I ain't new to this game? Got hoes in each town wanna swoon me for fame But I get 'em for they cash, smokin up all they hash Treat 'em like garbage, leavin 'em in the trash [Ms. Jade] Mag I wreckon you right, but it's my fuckin night X-5, bing truck, high as a kite Powder be white, Ms. Jade, powerful bite Pet niggaz make they asses ride the back of my bike Pay for nuts and want for nada, I ain't bluffin See me in the back of the club, steadily puffin In time you will buy me this and that Meanwhile motherfucker betta holla back [Mad Skillz] Uh, c'mon ma, I seen you starin when I hit the door You ain't gotta front boo, I know that shit ain't yours I'm like Big out the Maximas and Acuras Trust me sweets butt-cheeks I be smackin UP! .. and that shit's fo'sho' What I really wanna say is, "Getcha coat, let's go" You seen the whips outside, the fly one's mine I'm with Tim and Mag, don't lie, take your time [Ms. Jade] Lie for what? Never been that type of chick Rubber band around the wrist, be the type to grip and flip the script, send your ass home all limp Motherfucker you ain't know? I'm a female pimp King Kong trips, ridin all the latest whips With a Corona in the holder I'm the latest bitch Yup - you could call me the greatest wench Yup - when you fuck with the greatest clique [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Ludacris Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Considerate Brotha Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ludacris] Ahh.. yea, yEAH Disturbin' Tha Peace, the Beat Club Ludacris - straight from the ATL We gon' take it to NC, to VA To L.A., to N.Y., and e'rywhere in between Uh, we gon' do it like this, Timbaland Magoo Check it out [Magoo] Mag meetcha at, 7/11 a quarter to seven Buy rubbers six-fifty then we fuckin this heaven My bastard ass the kid momma let him hit it He gon' nut up in ya mouth and she bet' not spit it Look, bein a mack is all about your game I maim hoes for makin me cum, then make her buy me some rum I got the town ho-infested, you seen 'em Invested in prostitution, turned it into an institution Well be far be it from me, to advertise my enterprise All I'm sayin man, my street shit is organized I got it franchised, from city to city, state to state Don't look at the house, I own the whole estate But wait (but wait).. baby baby baby baby shake too (shake too) Baby baby (baby baby).. make too (make too) Baby baby baby baby shake too, make too [Chorus] + (Timbaland) I don't love 'em (no) I don't need 'em (no) I might hug 'em (yea) I might feed 'em (yea) You can call me (you can call) a considerate brotha (say what?) A considerate brotha (that's what I am) I will touch 'em (what) but won't beat 'em (what) I will fuss wit 'em (ah) I never mistreat 'em (uh) You can call me (call me) a considerate brotha (say what?) A considerate brotha [Timbaland] Whoaaaahhh Wakin up Saturday about to press my suit Wakin up early about to fix me some orange juice I got my chicks LINED UP, which one 'em I'm gonna choose I got my guns LINED UP, which one 'em I'm gonna use I got my - Louis Vuitton on, pumpin that mind-blowin Chicks can't even drive straight without them blown they horn I'm just a illmatic, pumpin all dramatic Carry a automatic, keep up on all tactics I'm just that pimp nigga from Va. Beach Rrrrob each, uh, let me not slur my speech I got that liquor in me, no juice no vodka But the straight up Remi, kicks bout to get loose cause I got it in me, bout to take one home and "Free Willy" - Timb, you so silly See I been pimpin, before yo' days Pimpin ain't easy, hey hey hey hey [Chorus] + (Timbaland) I don't love 'em (no) I don't need 'em (no) I might hug 'em (yea) I might feed 'em (yea) You can call me (call me) a considerate brotha (say what?) A considerate brotha (uhh) I will touch 'em (touch 'em) but won't beat 'em (won't beat 'em) I will fuss wit 'em, never never mistreat 'em You can call me (call me) a considerate brotha (uh-huh) A considerate brotha [Ludacris] BITCH I pack a black tux fo' emergencies Want me to treat 'em with courtesy But psssh, Ludacris mack nigga BITCH get on you purposely Perfectly, dressed to impress, fresh from the head down Leave 'em let down, I'm the KING of this shit, you take a step down Admire the merchandise, talk back get slapped twice or handheld, I got women sendin me panties in my fanmail Pimp hat with a big mouth, ATL, dirt South Hoes comin up short? Hoes finna get cursed out! It's the fullback blast in the formation grab yo' helmet Slam the mask out of these hoes and they say, "What is that, velvet?" And they betta meet they quota, betta yet betta meet they deadline And I got hoes who legs go back further than yo' father hairline From Raggedy Ann & Andy to daquiri drinks and brandy I take 'em off the streets and put 'em back on with a lil' candy I'm the - pimp of the year, I'm a pimp all around A pimp of the town - we pimpin 'em up, HOES DOWN [Chorus] + (Timbaland) I don't love 'em (no) I don't need 'em (no) I might hug 'em (yea) I might feed 'em (yea) You can call me (call me) a considerate brotha (say what?) A considerate brotha (uh-huh) I will touch 'em (what) but won't beat 'em (what) I will fuss wit 'em, never never mistreat 'em You can call me (call me) a considerate brotha (uh-huh) A considerate brotha (whoahhhh) [Timbaland] (ea-sy) Feel me now Feel me now baby, come on Come on walk with me, walk witcha daddy (ea-sy) Yea, take it easy baby Let your hair blow out, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Sebastin, Sin, Troy Mitchell Album: Indecent Proposal Song: Beat Club Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Timbaland] BEAT CLUB! Untitled, uhh uhh, uhh - YES Uhh uhh, uhh, YES, uhh uhh Uhh uhh Timbaland, uhh, uhh uhh Uhh, uhh uhh - YES, uhh One, two, three, here we go! [Troy Mitchell] Yo, who wanna wreck you with the iller thug, super killer thug You know that thug that's used to doin it out the dub I go Shaft on niggaz, don't make me have to call my killers Staff on niggaz, get bloodbaths for all you niggaz Yo, I ain't tryna talk shit straight up I walk this shit I'm used to bossin shit and offin clips See hood is around my way - they talk often quick To us you spit, and leave that nigga coffin shit See we gang we never bought it in the streets I slang Peeps I train to hustle get it take out names Let me bang and spread it all around the project blocks I'm sick with glocks now bitches get ridiculous jocks Now thug filthy niggaz walkin through your club with blunts Grill with fronts, keep Henny on the spill for months I get trucks from the bitches and the niggaz I crush And figure the last niggaz that fuck with us [Magoo] Yo, Mag never roll with a gun, Mag roll with a two-case Get up in some beef niggaz end up with a screw face Besides that I got a gang of P-town niggaz with court cases And they all gettin life We can be enemies after fuckin your wife, or runnin train on 'em Piss on a slut, let it rain on 'em But I'd rather put my brain on 'em Look at the bitch, she got a frame on 'em Mag hit it then came on 'em "Alias," if you with me you ride Get in the back of the Lex', and be out of your tux Label me "alias" from my respects to crack this case I'm past bein berserk, nigga look at my face I got an ill way of showin my pain Fuck talkin how I'm hurt, Mag take out his brain I'm goin insane and y'all niggaz, hatin my thang Mag the illest nigga spittin, FUCK the simple and plain [Sin] Sin the reason why rap ain't gon' be the same First niggaz speak my name, off with his brain Put the heat to his back, clap his lungs collapse If I would sell, six plat', I'm done with rap How many y'all gotta touch, then found out Sin's too much Uncut, can't touch You remind me, of pussy; you bitch-ass nigga Up North, drawers off, snitch ass nigga [Magoo] Now I'm hangin with superstars, and fuckin them in the cocktail room After the nuttin, sweep 'em out with the broom Mag ghetto as ever but mo' cheddar Used to smoke dub sacks now just pound (?) But I got a sweet tooth for crime but never kill I run with steel, stay in the house, put my dick up in Jill Poppin usin the pill, never did it before I wanna see how it feel, when you fuck wit my skill I make a mil' (?), pussy much fine in weather Fam's wipin they tongues a little Mag run for the street, or for the block Brand new cribs still dissin the pot Some bums take change see Neighbors lookin at Mag strangely Find theyself, hangin from a tree But I'm a real life gleeful "Alias" is next, but that nigga ain't diesel(?) [Troy Mitchell] Yo, I used to keep it on the low when I was younger But now I'm big boss in the game, come let me show you somethin So whatchu need is a tech or a four-five calico with a nose wide  and women don't know when to slow slide My A-K in the cut, with my 'dro hidin I keep them hookers holdin my fort, and keep a low vibe I heard the feds hate me cause I'm so live From five o'clock to four-oh-five sellin quarters and dimes Even Magoo got a watch I ain't dumb Ain't no familiars in this place where I'm slingin it from I got wholesale weight, that low-sale weight Or any kind of weight that make my dough flow stright Cause I'm oh so great; real thugs, no fake That's why they down to play me on radio stations and rotations Thugs hate - everything I stand fo', throw hands fo' Make plans fo', roll on yo' camp fo' [Sin] Laid back in the same colored Escalade Run over rappers that test the brake Leave you under the jeep and test your faith Put it in reverse and, crush your face Go to court, tell the judge fuck the case Go to jail, no bail, cut your face Get it right nigga, you dealin with apes I came for the safe now show me the cake, uhh [Sebastin] Listen, as soon I'm on the show you struggle in raps Anticipate nickel plates, man, right where you sat Like a panel nigga under your shirt, picture that How your child's gonna burp when you losin your lap? Hey, I'm bringin the shade, don't floss in the day Niggaz think they so cold like they jewelry okay I'm hittin hoes, respondin like you charmin the dame Crackin up like, "Damn, which one of y'all paid?" A pretty boy got hookers thinkin that the blows don't trade That's the day that the curls slide under the braid I'll give you somethin sharp to raise that line in your fade Different ligaments torn for every round that's sprayed Puttin hoes into groups and spittin them up like Jake Du-rags ain't safe, bullets skip through waves I'll hop drive-thru, pop somethin in Dave I ain't from around yo' way, nigga I'm from V-A The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Aaliyah, Static (Playa) Album: Indecent Proposal Song: I Am Music Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Timbaland] I'll be with you on your way to work When your car turns on, you'll probably hear me You can't run your car without me (Without me) Want a deal, costs you a hundred G's I am, I am [Chorus: Static] I am music I'm melodies and harmonies Stereo and mono On the radio, the radio I said I am music I'm simply dope beats Intros and drum rolls On the radio, the radio [Verse 2: Static] I'll meet you at a summer jam I'm with you PM or AM I'll work out with you when you're at the gym And when you clean the house, I'll be in the den Cuz I am [Chorus 2: Static & Timbaland] I am music Melodies, harmonies Mono, stereo, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I am music Simply dope beats Tempos, drum rolls, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh [Verse 3: Aaliyah] You may find me at a shopping mall I'm not buying but I'll be for sale I'll be a feeling when your talent shows Might even hear me at a restaurant Cuz I am Repeat Chorus 2 Guitar Interlude Repeat Chorus 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Straight Outta Virginia Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - talking] - w/ ad libs Oh! (ah, ah, ah) Oh! (ah, ah, ah) Oh! Run it back, oh (ah, ah, ah) Oh! (oh, y'all don't know) Oh! (ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah) (y'all don't know but) Let me tell ya [Verse 1 - Timbaland] I'm comin straight outta VA (oh) A nigga named Timbo, growin up a nigga never had cash flow Catch me dippin in the banana ten fo' With my nigga Antoine and Theo (c'mon) Probably hit the high school football game Salem versus Green Run and that's the shit mayn After that we gon' meet up at the food line (what) Little Ceasar's pieces motherfuckers ain't tryin To go against (what), probably three (uh huh) Keep talkin nigga you'll get found in that creek (oh) And that's how we do it in the V (oh) I can't forget my nigga Pharrell and Camsky (oh) Y'all remember them house parties (oh) When a nigga name was DJ Timmy T (oh) Queen bread, Blackness had the Cutlass Capri (oh) Look at this nigga, I'm reppin my V (uh, oh) [Break] Yeah (oh) Yeah (oh) (nah, nah, nah, nah) Yeah (like this oh) Oh, oh [Chorus] - w/ ad libs I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) I'm comin straight outta VA (yeah) [Outro - talking] Homie, that's how we do it (hey man) That's how we do it (hey man) Pharrell, Clipse (oh), Big C, Magoo Ah, can't forget AI, AI We comin straight outta VA Like that homie (homie) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Cop That Shit Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: Missy Elliott] We are the VA players Love to the Neptunes and the Clipse To ya bootleggers we breaking off both of ya legs The underrated Maganoo, comin' with the unexpected The run away slave I, Mistameanor Escaping from all ya fraudulent players Last but not least, the heavyweight champion, Mr. Mosley [Verse 1: Timbaland] It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you Without some little nieces and nephews To cover all the beats, and the rhymes I been through Time's up, sorry I left you Thinking of this, I keep repeating them hits Like that Aaliyah, Timberlake, or Missy Elliott shit (Shit) As you sit by the radio, hands on the dial tone As you hear it, pump up the volume Jump when you hear them speakers left it off (Off) Mr. VA 'bout to set it off Well I don't know what you heard, and I don't know what ya know Well my folks don' told me, (YOU GOT IT! Oh) So, "Up Jumps the Boogie", let the record work (Uh huh) And put me on like you red alert 'Cause it's the big bad Timmy, Maganoo, and Missy Like THREE THE HARD WAY!, comin' straight out of Virginia [Chorus: Missy Elliott] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers giving em bootlegs We breaking off both of ya legs, COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) Stop burnin' CD's for ya friend and I'ma say it again, nucca COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) 'Cause this the hot shit, out on the streets So when you hear this CD go and COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) [Verse 2: Missy Elliott] When you say you love me, it doesn't matter It goes into my head as just chit-chatter You may think I'm egotistical or just very free Won'tcha say I go tell it to, TIMOTHY! People say I'm whack, but they don't tell me so Let them pretend to be me, then they know I hate when one, pretend to fantasize Fact I despise, those who even try Sweat between my thighs {*sniff*} never stinking Yo dream is over, career sinking I told all of you, like I told all of them Whatcha say to me be, DICK TO YA CHIN! In one ear and right out the other "Ayyio Missy you ugly!" yeah ya mother I don't pay attention, I don't concentrate You ain't got the bait, that it takes to hook this, huh [Verse 3: Magoo] I'm your idol, the highest title, numero uno I'm not a Puerto Rican but I do look up to Vagil And understand I got the gift of speech And it's a blessing, being from them VA streets I talk sense condensed in the form of a poem If I wasn't writing rhymes I'd be breaking in homes I'm kinda young, so my gun's my security I'm not afraid nucca do what you gon do to me I get paid when your record is played To put it short, heh I got it made I'm talented, yes I'm gifted My uppercut boy that'll get ya lifted You got cash? man stop frontin Living off damn every record that you cutting My name Magoo and I roll wit two stars Every CD we split 48 bars My name Magoo and I'm a supadupa star Every other month I get a brand new car! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Bubba Sparxxx Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Shenanigans Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Hmmmmm (OW) (OH) Hmmmmm (OW) (OH) Hmmmmm (OW) (OH) Hmmmmm, c'mon (OW) Make them beats like you used to make (oh) Now keep movin (oh) now keep movin (oh) Make them beats like you used to make (woo) (OOHHH), (c'mon) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] Timbaland done lost his mind (mind) I think I'm about to cross the line (line) And find me somethin that soft to find (find) And hit it cause she swing right off the vine (oh) You better hold me back, I told you that I got enough heat to take your corners back And I done took your freak, you want her back (Well you can have that hooker, hooker, hooker) (c'mon) I'm a dirty south nigga from the VA streets (oh) And this is how I represent over this here beat (uh huh) And y'all don't really wanna fuck with me I don't care what y'all say, y'all stuck with me (alright now) Now I got the place panicin (oh) Timbaland and my dirty shenanigan (oh) And I might put two in the sky (uh huh) Like da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da (woo) You better hold me back (oh) You better hold me back (oh) You better hold me back Cause I'm full of shenanigans (Oh) You better hold me back (oh) You better hold me back (oh) You better hold me back Cause I'm full of shenanigans [Verse 2 - Magoo] Hold me back, cause rap sell more than crack Stack my funds, my guns, take my quarters back Don't resist I will put heat on the track Matter of fact, we can take it off of wax You and your team was livin the dream, somebody shake 'em I can't hold on these dreams they won't wake 'em Fuck face, the street is a car chase Ew dead set, do what it take, to win the race I erase my fear and don't reappear I'ma go to the bar and take your beer, bitch Nigga, I must make shit clear Fuck around with Oo, I'll bite off your ear You better do the same, I fight 'til your slain On right just to bite, I'm tryna sever a vein And I might put two in the sky Like (da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da) [Verse 3 - Bubba Sparxxx] Sucker live in fear of the day that I'm focused Slow as he appear, it's clear I own this Realm of Southern rap that despise to be competitive North or northfolk, they jokes is our negligence Sure they bounce to 112, I make a note of what sells Down here the sign men don't promote it, look at us fail Fuck it, I'ma just tell the truth as I perceive it Most of them think our shit is useless, believe it But me I got a love affair with all things Southern The dirty is a territory y'all can't govern We all ain't brothers, but this ain't the bitches neither And all our rap songs ain't for bouncers drinkin either Let me hit the reefer, 'fore I forgot to be the Little old country white boy, get to spittin ether Don't let this shit deceive ya, that cracker there crafty I know you only heard me cause you have to stare at me (BITCH) (*humming continues*) ... full of shenanigans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Attitude Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Leavin' Typed by: the1mansho@yahoo.com Oh, Uh, Uh, Let's go, Uh, Uh [Verse: Timbaland] Hey yall, it's Timbaland with the jump off I only got forty eight hours before my plane takes off I got this girl ready to give me some face off I think I need seven just to make the playoff But I ain't gonna hit tonight, I'ma leave a good impression before I catch my flight (come on) How I'm wrong when you ain't right? When your dumbass will be right on my flight (stupid) There goes my shenanigans, laugh with me There ain't no need for panicking Chill out, you on a private plane Just lay your head back to this kirkle bang Eat some peanuts, sip on some champagne Your fly mileage go up as you give me brain This is what Thomas do, piss on my mark then I get back to you [Chorus] x2 Cause I'm leaving on the next plane I don't know when I'll be back again Why don't you just call up all your friends And let's get something started [Verse: Attitude] I'm only in town for two days, two nights only I'm hoping that you wanna spend these two nights on me I like your home girls you like my homies We ain't really tryna spend these two night lonely Shawty, really ain't much I'm asking for A little conversation, a nice piece of ass to go I like penetration, how you like it fast or slow? Only a hip, nobody has to know She looking at me, weighing up her options She ready to leave, and go get it poppin' What could be the fact that I got there Drop top Benz or that single in the top 10? I dunno but whatever it is gottacrunk She grabbing her liquor, coming out of Prada I told her I'ma pimp it, I ain't coming out a dollar Let's go! I'm leaving gonna be out of here tomorrow [Chorus] x2 [Verse: Magoo] Girl you lookin' right in those jeans You been eating colligreens? That's obscene, your man don't help you make beans? You have a house, 2 kids, and he working There's rumors, he and your best friend been flirting But I ain't tryna fuck you tonight Your ass big, but your face hmmmm that look alright I tell you what, I'ma make an exception Clothes off, that's the truth Clothes on is deception Aw, yea, a macilent conception Front or the back, hit in any direction And baby you the cause of my erection Stop at Wal-Greens I'ma buy some protection Fuck that, go and put it in my face girl I really have a need to give you face girl You said you dreamed if sex with a star Make up your mind, Oo be on a jet tomorrow [Chorus] x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part II Song: That Shit Ain't Gonna Work Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist (old guy) Didn't I tell you fo' I left here, don't fool no guitar And the shit be just tearin me up Ah, oh Come on, oh You bout to witness here, a little chip on my shoulder Tim & Maganoo (Timbaland) Everyone know I'm a beast when it comes to these beats you can copy me but Nigga (That shit ain't gone work) You can sample my drum kicks & my snare, make yo beat & it compares (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) You can borrow my MP even hire Jimmy D to engineer for you (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) You can get to CD to Bill if you get any kinda deal still (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) I been makin that fire before some of you was alive check the archive (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Forget it if I did a beat & let it come out wit yo name on the credits (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) I'm proper nobody can stop a nigga pull yo gun & pop a nigga I promise (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) If you get a famous feature on yo song ain't nobody gone sing-a-long (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) (CHORUS) Before y'all suckaz count me out, Before y'all suckaz count Nigga I'm a problem, And still can't be figured out Before you come out yo mouth, Before you come out yo mouth Nigga I'm a problem (Timbaland) Now let me shoot you some game, Don't be tryna use my name to get you some fame (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Get you two or three platinum chains, Big body Benz on thangs ain't gone be the same (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) I'm tired of folks takin me for a joke, I'm bout to get my duct tape & my rope Don't be surprised if somebody get choked I'm a problem I told you before, I just couldn't hold it no more now you know (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Keep on playin them games, we gone start sprayin them thangs We ain't comin to complain somebody gone get hurt I shouldn't have to say it again, But I will case you couldn't comprehend (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) I hate to repeat myself, you look like you need a lil' help but even when you get it (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) You can holla & kick up dirt, Get crunk & pull off yo shirt, you don't scare me (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) (CHORUS) (Magoo) You can pay a hooker money put a gun to her head for the pussy but (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) You can take a time machine to my past kill my mom before my birth (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) If you know I'm finna kill ya get the F-B-I for protection (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Get a face job, that'll make you look like me but you can't write like me (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Get an application for a job, payin you to breathe, you best believe (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Get a white wife, join a country club, let Fuzzy call you nigga, nigga (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Good face get Mase to baptize you, I don't sympathize with you (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) Put a gun to my head, Pull the trigger, my last words is Fuck You Nigga (nigga, that shit ain't gone work) (CHORUS) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Frank Lee White Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Don't Make Me Take it There Typed by: fgmeiner@web.de * * send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Yau [echo 2x Yau] They still won't give me my props Now I'm pissed off Y'all will see the other side of me Come on Like this I'm thinking 'bout what the music game might be If a nigga didn't make his entry Niggaz would be making them same ol' beats Waiting on my arrivlary Y'all niggaz gonna learn to appreciate me Instead of always comparin' me If I hear one more remark about me I guess I gotta ride on my enemies Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho - What I will nigga What the fuck would the music be, if it wasn't for Timothy When the game is feverish, then I create the remedies And crumble leads until I'm buzz and I'm laxed And them hoes show me love in every club that I'm at For every hood got' get back, what another nigga envy But I swear I ain't no killer, but y'all niggaz 'bout to tempt me To the point there the barrels empty until you gon' recent me When Morpheus missing the desert of the real he meant me Like a monster I am simply, do the records into three Let my music not really be confused with anybody 'cause there's something like Mister Mohammed Ali in his prime then I float like a butterfly and sting with the rhyme and the mic happens ring with the nine if it's drama let these niggaz tryin' to bring to my mind I seem to remind that Thomas Crown is spoke and if you don't love it you can shove a dick down your throat I'm thinking 'bout what the music game might be If a nigga didn't make his entry Niggaz would be making them same ol' beats Waiting on my arrivlary Y'all niggaz gonna learn to appreciate me Instead of always comparin' me If I hear one more remark about me I guess I gotta ride on my enemies Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho - What I will nigga Look at my eyes nigga, wakin' up early in the morning to the sun rise nigga Momma yelling rise nigga get up out that bed snoarin' if you want it go get it fuck havin' to beg for it Even if you gotta break your neck I'm a releg for it I said listen to behind a hot roller bread for it Contemplating know how to work my math and bred story I don't work my fingers to the bone until they bled storin' So you can say that I'm a giant a preacher of habit walking over these watches squaking the reach in the head with niggaz watching me go free not just a week in my marriage with the game in the cabbage with my name and my status but I remain as the baddest motherfucker 's established and I 'm still at it grounding that Hennessey straight popping that still mad at Down at my enemies' face and you're like a kill habit In front of my enemies' face I shit like a steal rabbit To show I'm his real static and hold me ideal at it With my poker face until I at least make a mil at it At least make a meal love it I'm hungry and still clutch it All for that mil ticket outta that steal lovin' [Frank Lee White] Well I was riding 95 to Virginia the other day And I thought to myself ain't this where Timbaland used to stay I heard he moved to New York City but he work in Miami Only time he back round here is when he visit his granny Now ain't it funny how the money make a man change But shit Timmy I don't think he changed a damn things 'xcept the rap game and bust the track game shit he be gobbeling the grammies like he pac-man can you get with that man let's gone take it back to the roots before them backpacking rappers with them hoodies and boots before Sam Goddie and MTV before these killers and these hundred dollar billars feeling making MC before the white rap explosion before the corrosion when we was just getting started and them doo's wouldn't open it was people like Timmy who was kickin' them in shit whatcha cookin' in that kitchen again some shit like that [Timbaland] I'm thinking 'bout what the music game might be If a nigga didn't make his entry Niggaz would be making them same ol' beats Waiting on my arrivlary Y'all niggaz gonna learn to appreciate me Instead of always comparin' me If I hear one more remark about me I guess I gotta ride on my enemies Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho Oho oho oho oho - Don't make me take it there Oho oho oho oho - What I will nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Sabastian, Raje Swari Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Indian flute Typed by: Rishi_Brar@hotmail.com [Intro - Timbaland] Oh! Come here shorty, I like you What? You like me too? I don't understand what you're saying but let me talk to you... [Hook - Timbaland] & (Raje Swari) I got my eyes on you (mera raja) Baby let me tell you that are the truth (tu hai me raja) I love your Indian flute (mera raja) Oh da da do da da do da do Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera milen antha) Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera pyar hua) Sing it to me! (Darasa tu mein loo to kya ) But I can't understand a word you're sayin... [Verse 1] [Raj] Bari mujhe phil a hai ab bach na [Tim] Baby, I've been eyein' you way from afar [Raj] Teri ake'o mein kuch de ta [Tim] Thanks for the props but to me, you the star [Raj] Nadin a kuw bol lun aaja [Tim] Let's get it on tonight, why wait for tomorrow? [Raj] Come on, can you show me how bad you are? [Tim] Aaja soniye mein pya kya, oh! [Hook - Timbaland] (Raje Swari) I got my eyes on you (mera raja) Baby let me tell you that are the truth (tu hai me raja) I love your Indian flute (mera raja) Oh da da do da da do da do Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera milen antha) Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera pyar hua) Sing it to me! (Darasa tu mein loo to kya ) But I can't understand a word you're sayin... [Verse 2] [Raj] Abito batana mein kya karoo [Mag] Baby you sure you wanna sleep next to 'Oo When it's 3, all that's on the TV is Kung Fu Fuck around and a nigga end up on top of you [Raj] Dooga hai ta zindagi hai tu [Mag] You weren't the first, best believe fo' sho' there's been a few [Raj] Come on bang the music 'cause I'm feelin' you [Mag] Aaja soniye par kurta voo [Hook - Timbaland] (Raje Swari) I got my eyes on you (mera raja) Baby let me tell you that are the truth (tu hai me raja) I love your Indian flute (mera raja) Oh da da do da da do da do Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera milen antha) Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera pyar hua) Sing it to me! (Darasa tu mein loo to kya ) But I can't understand a word you're sayin... [Verse 3] [Raj] Tere baho mein ab pluleo [Sab] Go slow and I'll direct your every move Like a young Benny Boom after beatin' up your womb No need to put on perfume, baby girl you leavin' soon [Raj] Kabhi mere paso jele aaja [Sab] Nobody gotta know your thong was maroon [Raj] Tere huna [Sab] You know, after creepin' out my room [Raj] Tu hi mera [Sab] Just so your man don't assume [Tim] Sing it to him! [Raj] Kasise humara meruna [Tim] Sing it to him! [Raj] Dumhese hum dono dewana [Tim] Sing it to him! [Raj] Hum heeto hum muste me koya Para to me loo to kya hua [Hook - Timbaland] (Raje Swari) I got my eyes on you (mera raja) Baby let me tell you that are the truth (tu hai me raja) I love your Indian flute (mera raja) Oh da da do da da do da do Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera milen antha) Sing it to me! (Tu phil a mera pyar hua) Sing it to me! (Darasa tu mein loo to kya ) But I can't understand a word you're sayin... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part 2 Song: Can We Do it Again Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Timbaland - talking] This goes out For all the people That think I couldn't make it again See what I'm sayin We're back at y'all Third time, (heh heh) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] I'm killin 'em with this music I'm innovatin Penetratin your speakers, let me give you a demonstration (hu-huh) You think that we ain't hear the statement you hatin I hit the strip in the Bentley, feel me?, you walkin and waitin sayin (hu-huh) Me and Maganoo hittin 'em hard Got them feelin the nod, just because we pull niggaz cards Quick as (hu-huh) I got a fool intoxicatin this hard liquor Gimme the mic, I'll spit a killer verse that'll start with a (hu-huh) I got ya bobbin your neck to this beat, don't it (hu-huh) This right here make ya wreckin your Jeep, won't it (hu-huh) People wonder when will we come with the same magic That make the game disappear then enter, like I ain't had it (hu-huh) I actin gorilla with it, my game savage You should push your album release back cause that thing's crappy (hu-huh) The game ain't been the same since my name happened Timbaland and Magoo and Beat Club, who ain't snappin Can you do it again? We gon' do it again I said, can we do it again? We gon' do it again Can we do it again? We gon' do it again I said, can we do it again? (OW!) Can we do it again? We gon' do it again I said, can we do it again? We gon' do it again Can we do it again? We gon' do it again I said, can we do it again? (OW!) (hu-huh) [Verse 2 - Timbaland] Still spittin and killin 'em softly I hear what you sayin, but overall you lost me (hu-huh) Even though my neck and wrist all glossy And my truck big as an armored tank, I ain't all flossy (hu-huh) You could copy or hate on my style Steppin it up, you been copyin or hate for a while (hu-huh) I hit the leather, get the meters to peakin I lay my vocals and let Jimmy D, tweak 'em and freak 'em, some like (hu-huh) You don't think we can do it again, do ya? (hu-huh) Did it before and we can do it again to ya (hu-huh) You better love me, she be backin it up on me I'm only about gettin money and stackin it up homie (hu-huh) I'm gettin serious, go 'head I don't wanna play And when I finished with this one, I bet you gon' wanna say (hu-huh) The game ain't been the same since my name happened Timbaland and Magoo and Beat Club, who ain't snappin [Verse 3 - Magoo] Ew we, my pimpin is pimpalicious I'm more than a rapper, eat my words I'm so nutritious (hu-huh) Them other rappers come with that heat talk I talk about us baby in them sheets for sweet talk (hu-huh) But if ya feelin froggy and he leap I fill 'em up with bullets, then the grum reaper gon' reap (hu-huh) You think I'm puttin cover that bird shit I have you barely breathin out your mouth on a curb bitch (hu-huh) And if you keep talkin, then I'ma do it (hu-huh) He fuckin playin Tim, I'ma fuckin do it (hu-huh) I'm from the Lock West, a lot of them guns I ain't a killer but you fuckers makin Oo into one, son (hu-huh) So give me mine and you can take yours It was Missy, Tim, and The Nepts who startin openin doors, whore (hu-huh) The game ain't been the same since Tim name happen Timbaland and Magoo and Beat Club, who ain't snappin (hu-huh) (hu-huh) (hu-huh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Raje Shwari, Sebastian Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Naughty Eye Typed by: nasir3117@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Yooo.. (What What) Ha, Ha, Ha, Haa, Haa (What What) Yo Yo, Ya Yo Yo Yoooo (Oh Oh) Give me that eye, Give me that Eye (Boom da Uh UH) Ya Yo Yo Yoooo Give me that eye, Give me that eye (Boom da uh uh) [First Verse: Timabaland] People know me, As "The Great Timbaland" (Timbaland) Been brought in the Slums, But I ranned (But I ranned) Been boning girls in the Scooby Doo Van ( Doo Van) Chicks been missing since the Summer Of Sam (Of Sam) Oh, I get'em all from ya hood clubs (Clubs) Blue Magic, Be floating in my black Cup (Cup) Mack mold, spit the game and make'em feel good (Feel Good) Eyes closed like they gone off that backwood (Backwood) (Ahhhh) Go on girllll, do ya damn thang Booty poppin, Spell my name with ya tongue rang Banana Dodge ain't a damn thang Sitting in the bucket, like a Champagne This for my ghetto people (People)  Another T & M Collabo (Collabo) So girlll, why you actin funny for I see ya eyes talkin while you got ya mouth closed [Chorus 2X: Timbaland] & (Raje) Look at that, look at that Naughty Eye (Manu ma Naye) I see you give that Naughty Eye (Manu ma Neye) Sucking on ya thumb like a pacifier (Na Raje, Nu Fire) Must mean you wanna get naughty right {*female moan*} eeee yeah [Second Verse: Magoo] I want you bitches to calm down I'm Yao Ming with mines, a player in each town I know you mad when I come around I Lex coupe to woman, tops they come down (Oh) You wanna see what can Magoo do Be in V.I.P. with my hands up ya Tu-Tu Boo, get you and Sue, Tisha and Lu Lu Get a twelve pack of skins, so I can run through ya whole crew Look ma, I know I was the one that you wanted You gave me Naughty Eye, Seen you in the club but you fronted You got mad blunted, Then Mag became the Hunted It was fourth down, would've made a pass, but I punted  I got more woman than ye, You just Flea Give'em crackers an cheese, Then give'em some tea You want some money hoe, Go catch a bee Cause the pussy in ya pants bitch smell like a sea [Bridge 2X: Raje Shwari] Ohh mede do ooh aje Tuu mede do ooh aje Bu mede do ooh aje (Sebastian) Ha Ha, Ha Ha [Third Verse: Sebastian] + (Timbaland) Sebastian be quicker More proof than my daddy's old E liquor I like'em Trina size, but if they ever be bigger I put the sheets to the ground Act bigger, make the shake stick her, so they can at least figure Then we hit the slopes Same amount of snow, that Johnny would it nose No chain and ropes, I don't chestize my hoes Just release the low, and put little me's on clothes But still though I got (love for you) Single mothers I got (love for you) Fuck niggaz who hatin I got (love for you) Middle fingers I keep'em (up for you) Couple bottles with models That would swallow you whole If I vanish tommorrow, niggaz will follow the flow See a hundred like towers, watch me pull in the load When I come to ya clubs, niggaz will be stare at the doors [Bridge] [Breakdown: Timbaland] Go (Echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Brandy Album: Under Construction Part II Song: N 2 Da Music Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Timbaland - talking] (*echo*) Uh, ah, haha uh, ah C'mon, (*harmonizing*) What we got right here Is that feel good music y'all Uh, (*harmonizing*), c'mon [Break - Brandy] - w/ ad libs When I'm chillin in my neighbor's shade Watchin the ocean from a balcony And I love the sound of the waves And I love it like that, cause to me this is how I get away [Timbaland] Ha, so what you gonna do girl, what you gonna do [Chorus - Brandy] - w/ ad libs Outside with my TV on, cell phone on, the radio on Cause I wanna get into the music (Timbaland: I get into the music) (ho) Outside with my TV on, cell phone on, the radio on Cause I wanna get into the music (Timbaland: I get into the music) (c'mon) And it feel so good It's like blood flowin to my veins (Timbaland: It's like blood flowin to my veins) And it feel so good It's like blood flowing to my veins [Timbaland] Alright now, let's take it to the bridge (*echo*) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] (Ho) It's Timbaland I'm back (uh huh ...) with another one you can dance, so you can relax (woo, woo ...) My music moves you wherever you at I play it loud, to move the crowd, I like it like that (c'mon, c'mon ...) I know you feel the vibe, from the club to your clothes and you'll still decide I love it Everytime I get 'em a ride I drop the top, turn the volume up and put it in drive Me and Aaliyah did +One In A Million+ When Ginuwine dropped +Pony+ was the one that I'm feelin Hey, we havin a party, come through with your crew Turn up the feel good, do what you do [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Magoo] Yeah, when I'm feelin lost and hurt, you can soothe my soul You was there for me, music I was goin out of control, 'til I heard Marvin Gaye "Now it ain't a mountain high enough, when time is rough" I turn to you, yeah Believe it or not, I learned from you, yeah All of my soul, I bear to you Your not a painkiller, but I think a snare'll do the trick And I just wanna lose myself in you I gained all my health and my wealth from you I started thinkin me and you was just a phase Now I can't count the days [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Hold On Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Timbaland - talking] Oh! You know what? (Wyclef: good good good) I go through a lot, since my baby girl's not here Life ain't been the same for me Lately I miss you very much I want you to hear my pain that I go through (go through ...) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] + (Wyclef Jean) It's been three years (AH!), livin this fast life I think on it, I know one day I won't have life People don't know me over the time B They don't wanna know me, they wanna know my G's Le I quit, things ain't the same no more But I'ma do my thing 'til there ain't no more (yeah) I got a plan, I wonder how far I can go I demand the best for myself, that's all I know I, done seen the world become Products of a revolution that we begun (yeah) Make me wanna split a swisher, I need me one They keep on copying what we done done That's why I say .. [Break - Timbaland] I know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes And would you be prepared to see (would ya?) A life full of money and a life full of girls But a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) A lot of people yellin ("we love ya Timbaland") But I know y'all really in need (ooo) I don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner But I gotta grab all these leaves So I must .. [Chorus - Wyclef Jean] Hey, Timbaland you gotta hold on (hold on) But you got to be strong Though the pain almost over (Timbaland: My pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (Timbaland: I can't quit yet), you can't quit You gotta hold on, you got to be strong (Timbaland: Uh, my pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah [Verse 2 - Magoo] + (Wyclef Jean) Pain, can't you see the pain in my eyes? The lie behind my cries, don't you sympathize with me You don't have to wonder when I come You label me a bum, you fake it ain't suprisin me (yeah) Funny how Oo got money, people come around Soon as Oo fail, kick 'em to the ground (yeah) Not just neighbors, the whole damn town Own flesh and blood, said I was a clown But as the world turns, my life can too And like a gun kills, a knife can too (yeah) I was stabbed thrice, how 'bout you? Once by my mom, pops the other two Child abuse kid, ward of the state I know it was the past, but I just can't shake How you had a kid, beat me like a slave I was only three, how could I misbehave? I didn't know better, you could teach me first You said fuck that, then you beat me worse It's pain in this verse, hard to go on (yeah) Oo is a man, so I must hold on [Break - Timbaland] I know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes And would you be prepared to see (would ya?) (Wyclef: yeah) A life full of money and a life full of girls But a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) A lot of people yellin ("we love ya Maganoo") But I know y'all really in need (ooo) I don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner (Wyclef: yeah) But I gotta grab all these leaves, uh huh So I must .. [Chorus - Wyclef Jean] You gotta hold on (hold on) But you got to be strong Though the pain almost over (Timbaland: my pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (Timbaland: I can't quit yet), can't quit You gotta hold on (yeah) You got to be strong (yeah) (Timbaland: my pain almost over) Yeah, look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (yeah) [Verse 3 - Wyclef Jean] Yeah, yo, I seen Brooklyn turn into Crook-lyn The youngn's they spend their life in central Crook-lyn (yeah) I've seen prom queens, turn into prom fiends Sometime I ask myself what happen to Dr. King's "Dream" (yeah) I've seen best friends, turn to enemies What made it sad, I had to sing at the eulogy So hard for us to say goodbye So I puff the lye and stay high (yeah) The man you said was your fam in the park (yeah) Saw your face spark when you found out he was a Narc (yeah) Cause everybody wanna be Nino Brown They wanna be Nino Brown, they wanna be Nino Brown (yeah) And the girls they love the Nino Brown They hug they Nino Brown, they lust for Nino Brown (yeah) And the fiends they want the Nino Brown The way he hold you down, when he comes around (yeah) (*echo*) [Outro - Timbland - talking] The pain never stops baby Lele, I hope ya hear us Cause life will never be the same without you girl (Wyclef: yeah) Timbaland talkin to you (Wyclef: yeah, yo, yo) We ain't used to nothin This music industry, will never be the same without you Nothin but pain, hard struggle But me and Jimmy D, we're gonna keep ridin for ya Cause life must go on You must live on So we gotta hold on, c'mon (Hold on) uh, (hold on) My pain almost over (hold on, hold on) I can't quit yet (hold on, hold on) My pain almost over (hold on, hold on) Nah Lele, me and 'Goo we can't quit, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Candice "Gg" Nelson Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Insane Typed by: CuteRashaun@AOL.com * * send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Ahh! Whoa! Feel it? Ugh! This here is one of those joints you just ride out Get your thoughts together "GG" talk to me [Candice "Gg" Nelson] I like you cuz you are above average So I might do things you don't understand But I like to correct your bad habits Cuz I want to make you an honest man [Timbaland] Huh! I got some precise questions bout my past life Wondering why we so close to buildings on this last flight Pray at night and keep my "Run" posted by the door DMC above like Jason falling to the floor My mind can carry of a picture perfect Of my Aunt Mary Her face in the mirror like she wasn't burried I drink Hypnotiq let my conscience go (go) [Magoo] Tim you need to take it slow (slow) [Timbaland] These endless songs got me waking up in cold sweats What gets the real time wondering where Aaliyah at I got a wife that watch another girl give me neck Fix my lunch with plastic wrap up on my pita bread I'll bite my tongue but she's so outspoken To that box of Saran bust her head wide open Handcuffs open my fists go up for Eminem And when he's walking out his courtcase I'll be walking in (Chorus) I know you're safe (Whoooooo) You're gonna stay (Whoooooo) But your mind could change (Whoooooo) I'm going insane (Whoooooo) I'm going crazy! (Repeat) [Magoo] You know them days when you troubled inside All you think about fuck paying bills You ignore em' you gone drink it out That's the way that I feel as I am writing this Sit back roll up a blunt take some delight in this You been invited to a piece of my sanity And vanity is absent does that weaken the man in me My fantasy on side man reality bites Who can't believe all these rappers let alone what he writes I wasn't forced to lie to yall but I did I don't own a plane or yacht or eat squid but I'm entertaining there will be no explaining I'm criticized for having fun Killings more enovating they say But anyway however ignorance chooses food Its rude to tell you how you have been screwed And I'm a part of the problem And its racking my brain Excuse me miss I'm half fool half insane (Chorus) [Timbaland] I can't believe that the world is so cold That's why I keep a runny nose And I wish my problems would go (Oh) People don't know me People don't ask me no questions Bris Sparky D was an injustice The greatest rappers man suffered depressions So I'm signing niggas while Whodini's taking the publishing My mind state is like the crime rate A high percentage of your royalties is in my bank New artists when you're trying to break I'm prewarning you before you even hand me your tape (Let's go!) (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Throwback Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah, yeah (*echo*) (*female voice - moaning*) Yeah (*echo*) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] Now here I go, Timbaland will never bring the same old flow When the game was mold I'ma hold my own, look at these women they wanna sing my song While they sing my song And they say my name, look at they ready to go and play my games I'ma pick the one and say it ain't no thing I'ma get the one that wanna drop that thing Can you top that thing? I'ma ride or die, ride through the corners like who am I Shorty I'm the one with the pump on five (*gunshot*) This is America, can you jump that high? Girl show it to me ... [Chorus - Timbaland] + (Female voice) I see you backside, pokin through your coat Come here girl let me take your coat Now I want you drop it to the floor And she say (I'm genuine baby) Go head baby (I'm genuine baby) Go head baby, OH, let me see that throwback baby OH, let me see that throwback baby (I'm genuine baby) Go head baby (I'm genuine baby) Go head baby, OH, let me see that throwback baby OH, let me see that throwback baby [Verse 2 - Timbaland] Now shorty take your time I'ma sip Hennessey while you taste that wine 'Til we both feel fine Well I, I think I really wanna stay for a while Bring some of your friends and we can play for a while Like hide and go get, and when I get you deny Make you turn around and put them hips in the sky Fucklin the ways I wanna hit 'til I'm tired And you could stick around, we can dip for the night Timbaland, just a man on the go When we gonna meet again, I just don't know But I'ma have to stay for the show I think I wanna see you take the stage once mo' While I say (say ...) [Verse 3 - Magoo] I knew I cut real hard, this the fifteenth song And your man pagin you, he know you doin somethin wrong Girl take a X pill, drink a little yak Eat two power bars, I'ma hit it from the back My dick is like a Tech 9, you gon' respect mine I need some top piece, blow me 'til that head shine Oo never cums, that's why she must fuck me I hit it 49 states, next Kentucky So take off your coat, take off your throwback I ordered some ooze and ate of your toe back Make your ass clap, make your pussy snap So deep, so wet, my dick's swimmin laps Make your ass clap, make your pussy snap So deep, so wet, my dick's swimmin laps Perhaps we can menage to jazz I like blonde hair chicks, like candy ass (*scratching mixed in with beat until fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Kold Cutz Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Timbaland - talking] Uh, what's up girl Why you trippin on me? I thought we was past that Feel me? Alright let me talk to ya, uh [Chorus - Timbaland] - w/ ad libs C'mon baby what's the hold up You carryin me like your school folder I want your dinner, not your cold cuts Why you keep givin me the cold shoulder? (Shorty) C'mon baby what's the hold up You carryin me like your school folder I want your dinner, not your cold cuts Why you keep givin me the cold shoulder? (Cause I'm that fly) [Verse 1 - Magoo] When I'm alone in my room, sometimes I stare at the wall And I think of them times when you was lickin my balls I never came in your face, you said you hated the taste That's a disgrace, I'd rather put my cum inside your weight plate You comfortable now? You need your toes massaged I'm oblaged to rub 'em down, first I put on da barges With your favorite song, you need to take off the thong Go head, nibble on my neck, your doin it wrong We could be doin it, and doin it, and doin it wild I wanna lick on you and lick on you, I like when you smile I'll be in town next week, can I keep an erection? Twelve pack of Lifestyles is my choice of protection See I'm more than pimperific, let me be more specific On a scale of one to ten, my sex is so terrific It's like I'm Rick James "Superfreaky" things I put a hot dog in your bum that sure to make you cum [Verse 2 - Timbaland] Uh, it was a teenage love, a, a, a teenage love And I told her, don't hurt me again Actin like the vaughn a vo in my living room den Like it never took much to really get you back then Just some college ruled paper and my ball point pen Crackers, pimp juice, and my cranberry Benz We circle my block and we do it again Now let's fast forward to my living room flo' Where we was freakin and she speakin gettin about to go I slap broke my watch cause this raggedy ho She like the time wasn't right, then she hugged me slow Uh, it was a teenage love, a, a, a teenage love And I told her, don't hurt me again Can't we live like The Ropers, "Three's Company" man, huh? [Verse 3 - Magoo] Tell me if she like it and if not Girl is this your spot? I never cum in second, some reppin for camel lot And when I was a kid, I used to fuck in the bushes Only time I turn it down is when you don't use dush You got the "Eye of a Tiger" and your pussy is fly It's a Hall of Fame booty baby, gonna retire And I aspire to be penis of convenience for you But we fuckin in the bed, let's cut in the living room You likin my pimperation, do I calm your frustration? Never bein pleased, so you settle with masturbation I got a 'C' on my chest cause I'm super when cuttin Give me fifteen minutes, guarantee you'll be comin and cummin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo Album: Under Construction Part II Song: I Got Luv 4 Ya Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com Yeah, uh huh, yeah, huh (*echo*) It's Tim and Maganoo again, uh It's Tim and Maganoo again, ah, ah It's Tim and Maganoo again Let me talk to ya [Verse 1 - Timbaland] I remember those days when I was holdin back When Star Crunch was a popular snack Would you buy you that, sneak the rest in my nuts You know that Johnny Appleseed and that frozen cup We grew up, but ain't you sister Jean cousin (cousin) Just cause we older that don't mean nothin (nothin) We still could hit the beacon, a couple of Bible meetings Live right just like the deacons and backslide on the weekend Now things change, not just your new love See you never used to trip off material stuff So I ain't mad at dude cause he rimmed up his truck Just mad at you, you clumsy klutz And it's no suprise how I'm feelin inside So the only thing you ever probably did for my eye Used to tears in the bucket, I hope you dummies loved it Although it's over, you still my soldier (my soldier) [Chorus - Timbaland] Cause I got love for ya Can I get a hug from ya? I'm not tryna point the finger and judge ya Cause I make mistakes like you I forgive ya boo You can keep the things that I brought ya I'm not tryna play correctional officer I'm just tryna take them burdens off of ya Cause I make mistakes like you I forgive ya boo [Verse 2 - Magoo] I first met ya at the strip club Instead of one, had to give ya two dubs Right from sight baby, I was past love It must be the fact, opposites attract Do the addition, it's a one on one thing, and I'ma lace you with bling Cause the way you make me feel is an incredible thing But you had to hurt me, made love to my best friend But just like "Chucky" I'ma stay 'til the very end On top of that, you was usin crack and cocaine You had oomph, had to throw my towel in mayn I can't judge cause I cheated, you ain't hold no grudge I had a child with her, baby it's warm in love Then Christmas Eve we was playin two hand spades You rolled on up, Ace I'm sorry but I have AIDS But I'ma ride with you, until your death And I'ma stay by your side, last heartbeat, last breath [Break - Timbaland] I hope ya forgive me too, uh I hope ya forgive me too (too), uh I hope ya forgive me too (too) Be adults about the situation baby, c'mon [Timbaland - talking over Chorus] Can I? Go head Uh uh [Break - Timbaland] I hope ya forgive me too, uh I hope ya forgive me too (too), uh I hope ya forgive me too (too) Two wrongs don't make a right, girl, uh Two wrongs don't make a right, girlll Oo, oo, let's ride out Let me talk to 'em Let me talk about it Heavy T, Oo we right, we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Oh Timbaland Typed by: b1gjo3y@gmail.com [Timbaland] (Bounce, Bounce, Bounce) Huh I ain't got no feeling, I'ma let these niggas know I've been killin 'em with these beats, now I'm spittin' them killer flow What you know about me dog, not a damn thing Gotta pop me, nigga shoot me in the streets dog, I'm an one man game Don't take this lightly, ever won't you did and don't I can make that happen because Nigga my bread is my own I've been on both sides of the track, you can say I changed the game A lot of niggas try to get in my lane, everybody askin' me the same whole thing What he say [Chorus] (Timbaland) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) [Timbaland] I ain't goin' nowhere dog, I'ma be right here in your face Can't do it like me dog, your key drum ain't got enough bass Don't ever talk bad about me, you just might make me mad And I just might see you somewhere and brake your ass in half This not a Timbaland that you used to, now I'm in a whole 'nother zone You could let me do me you could do you, or get popped in your dong Hit love for the birds to the block, so recognize the game Timbaland ain't gotta run nowhere baby, Timbaland got private plane [Timbaland singing] I've been around, some time long ago I've seen the light, don't act like you ain't seen it before [Timbaland] I'm listenin' dog, you ain't sayin' shit You can keep on wishin', you never make a hit Yeah I got money, take it all from me, I'm gon' be the same You can get a few whips you can get a few chips you still gon' be a lame We ain't the same my nigga, I'm on some other shit I'ma say this plain it's simple, nigga take this punishment I'ma take ya'll on a trip, I'ma take ya'll on a ride And one day I'll gon' dip but I won't be hard to find [Chorus] (Timbaland) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? Oh Timbaland, where he go run to? (Nowhere) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Nelly Furtado, Justin Timberlake Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Give it to Me Typed by: catsfan1@hotmail.com, proent@gmail.com [Timbaland] Is it going? Is it going? Is it going? Is it going? I don't know.. what you're lookin' for Oh yea boy Come on [Nelly Furtado] I'm the type of girl that look you dead in the eye-eye I'm real as it comes if you don't know why I'm fly-y-y-y-y Seen you tryna switch it up but girl you ain't that dope I'm the Wonder Woman, let me go get my rope I'm a supermodel and mami, si mami Amnesty International got Bangkok to Montauk on lock Love my ass and my abs in the video for "Promiscuous" My style is ri-dic-dic-diculous, 'ulous, 'ulous [Nelly] If you see us in the club, we'll be actin' real nice If you see us on the floor, you'll be watchin' all night We ain't hear to hurt nobody (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) Wanna see you work your body (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) [Timbaland] When Timbo is in the party, everybody put up they hands I get a half a mil' for my beats, you get a couple gra-a-and Never gon' see the day that I ain't got the upper hand I'm respected from Californ-I-A way down to Japan I'm a real producer and you just a piano man Your songs don't top the charts, I heard 'em, I'm not a fa-a-an Niggas talkin' greasy, I'm the one that gave them they chance Somebody need to tell 'em that they can't do it like I can [Nelly] If you see us in the club, we'll be actin' real nice If you see us on the floor, you'll be watchin' all night We ain't hear to hurt nobody (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) Wanna see you work your body (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) [Justin Timberlake] Could you speak up and stop mu-mumbling, I don't think you came in clear When you're sittin' on the top, it's hard to hear you from way up here Now I saw you tryin' to act cute on TV, "Just let me clear the air..." We missed you on the charts last week, damn, that's right you wasn't there Now if se-sexy never left, then why's everybpdy on my shi-i-it Don't hate on me just because you didn't come up with it So if you see us in the club, go on and walk the other way Cause our run will never be over, not at least until we say [Nelly] If you see us in the club, we'll be actin' real nice If you see us on the floor, you'll be watchin' all night We ain't hear to hurt nobody (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) Wanna see you work your body (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) [Nelly] (Justin) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) Oh.. (Huh, huh, huh) [Chopped up] If/ you/ see/ us/ in/ the/ [Nelly + Justin] ... club, we'll be actin' real nice If you see us on the floor, you'll be watchin' all night We ain't hear to hurt nobody (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) Wanna see you work your body (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) If you see us in the club, we'll be actin' real nice If you see us on the floor, you'll be watchin' all night We ain't hear to hurt nobody (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) Wanna see you work your body (So give it to me, give it to me, give it to me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Release Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Alright Hey!! Clap Oh... [Justin Timberlake] + (Timbaland) I need you girl Hey, I really need you I need you girl (Let me tell you somethin) I think I'm getting a charge (yeah) So here the party goes (yeah) With all my G's in the back (yeah) Who needs a bodyguard (yeah) I think I need to... [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] Release! I'm out of control, I'm out of body Release! I'm out of Patron, who's here to party Release! I'm out of control, I'm out of body Release! I'm out of Patron, I'm out of - (wait a minute!) {OHHHHHHHH} (yeah) [Justin Timberlake] I push the party starts (yeah) Haters can't even see me (yeah) We flame the party hard (yeah) I think I need to... [Timbaland] Who pumps the parties right He keeps the party movin The club is overpacked But this can't wait 'til mornin (yeah) [Justin Timberlake] We've got a video (yeah) I think we're late for our shoot (yeah) We at our video (yeah) Hey - these girls they cute! (yeah) They want me to do my part (yeah) But first I gotta... Pump it... Get funky~! {*2X*} Uhh, get busy Don't stop now.. Funk, c'mon now girl, get close to me Work your body {*3X*} Tell somebody! Work your body {*2X*} Dance (ahhhhh-ah-ah-ahhhhhhhhhhh-OOH) Dance (ahhhhh-ah-ah-ahhhhhhhhhhh-OOH) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Keri Hilson, John Doe Album: Shock Value Song: The Way I Are Typed by: lenno_king@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Timbaland] I ain't got no money I ain't got no car to take you on a date I can't even buy you flowers But together we'll be the perfect soulmates Talk to me girl [Bridge: Keri Hilson] Oh, baby, it's alright now, you ain't gotta flaunt for me If we go there, you can still touch my love, it's free We can work without the perks just you and me Thug it out 'til we get it right [Chorus: Keri Hilson] Baby if you strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like you just the way you are (I'm about to strip and I want it quick Can you handle me the way you are?) I don't need the cheese or the car keys Boy I like you just the way you are Let me see ya strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like, I like, I like [Verse 2: Timbaland] I ain't got no Visa I ain't got no Red American Express We can't go nowhere exotic It don't matter 'cause I'm the one that love you best Talk to me girl [Bridge 2: Keri Hilson] Oh, baby, it's alright now, you ain't gotta flaunt for me If we go there, you can still touch my love, it's free We can work without the perks just you and me Thug it out 'til we get it right [Chorus: Keri Hilson] Baby if you strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like you just the way you are (I'm about to strip and I want it quick Can you handle me the way you are?) I don't need the cheese or the car keys Boy I like you just the way you are Let me see ya strip, you can get a tip 'Cause I like you just the way you are [Verse 3: John Doe/D.O.E] Baby girl, I don't got a huge ol' house I rent a room in a house Listen baby girl, I ain't got a motorboat but I can float ya boat So listen baby girl, once you get a dose of D.O.E. you gon' want some mo' So listen baby girl, when I make it I want you back, want you back, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Dr. Dre, Missy Elliott, Justin Timberlake Album: Shock Value Song: Bounce Typed by: LeeDub614@hotmail.com Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here gi- ir- rl [Timbaland] Lemme see them big titties, don't be actin' sadidy you're not pretty Break bread if you wanna get with me, all I wanna do is dig up in them kidneys Tell your boyfriend he better mind his business for he end up in the trunk of my Bentley I'm considered a boss you can't get me, you ain't got enough paper to deal with me Babygirl wanna two step wit me turn around wit her ass up against me Roll along and got tipsy then tonight, tommorow you the mystery All you haters on that hoe shit miss me, I stay strapped security don't frisk me Fed it off til the motherfucker empty, I'll turn around and do the same shit next week come on (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Dr. Dre] There she go, just what the doc's been lookin for She just what I need, lookin Chinese like ~Sum Yung Ho~ I gotta bungalo we can disappear for a week or so Yeah, I gotta stadium flow Superbowl with it like I'm Dungy yo Oh, yes, congratulations you run a millionaire invitation Sorry I'm so demanding, sick of dancing back to mansion and And this money handsome, ain't that a panty anthem I kill me just like you from the back you'll see (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Missy Elliott] Hold up, hell naw like Britney Spears I wear no drawls In the club I drink it up, goomp goomp drink it up Got Patron sippin' in my cup, hey, where's your man Bet that I could make him love me oooh When he see the jugs he will wanna rush to get a quick touch Of this big ole butt, mmmhmmm big ole butt Thick legs, big ole jugs legs stick like rims on the truck Take em to the crib, yeah we gon fuck You could call me a freak, I like to get BUCK, BUCK And I don't have to do much to make him get it up Sum Yung Hoe she worth two dollars I'm worth more dollars than make up beauty parlors I pop collars ca ca ca ca collars I on't buy shots, I only buy the bottles Only rich girls we only buy the bottles But like a porn star I'm best when to swallow (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ 50 Cent, Tony Yayo Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Come and Get Me Typed by: b1gjo3y@gmail.com, kisopendoors@yahoo.com [Timbaland] Yeah! Yeah! It's Tim-Unit Nigga (HA HA HA) Yeah! You know I like how I sound on that nigga! Huh! [Timbaland] Ugh, nigga, your time is up, I ain't come to kid you I knew you niggas was dumb but how dumb is you? Thinkin' you could see the king when you unofficial You don't wanna go to war 'cause I launch these missiles I'm a ride or die nigga, I be tearin' shit up We ain't like them other fools, so don't compare 'em to us All the hoes love a nigga they be backin' it up But me, I love money, I be stackin' it up When my band wagon pull up, they hop on board They hop right on mine and hop right off yours I get respect homie all across the board I get a quarter mill a track without an award Ever wanna test a nigga, then come see me In the street, I hold my ground like I'm concrete I know shit ain't sweet, so when shit get deep I'm rich, I can pay to have you six feet deep, nigga [Chorus: Timbaland] (2x) I give it to whoever want it If you want it come see me You know where I'm at if you want it If you want it come get me [50 Cent] Yeah! Nigga, you violate, I regulate rata tat tat Bigger shells they fit in that banana clip jack Run and the bullseye form on your back Hard to miss with a full clip in the mac I got ammo, ammo, I load, reload Cut a nigga quick, yeah my knife game lethal That tough guy shit, nigga that's what I see through You like a three course meal, motherfucker I eat you You food, and I'm in the mood So front I let the hammer fly Nigga you could duck, run for cover or die Your choice, you choose, I pop, you move Like you ain't shot, you been shot Nigga, your blood on the street You up shit's creek, you can hardly speak You startin' to get weak, your eyes close, your life flash Your heart's slow, your heart stop, yo ass dead, you're fucked kid [Chorus] (2x) [Tony Yayo] I'm like Nicolas Cage, Yay is the Ghost Rider P89, yeah, I like my toast lighter Costa Rica to Brazil I got my hoes in the Lear While your bitch bald-headed like Britney Spears I'm in the projects, gettin' dope and piff money Two more flips that's Anna Nicole Smith money Fuck a G4, I'm in a G500 G450, G550 That's airplane talk, I'm the aviator man Baby AR shoot your baby out your hands Spaghetti and corn bread mix got me blunted This ho talkin' about she don't fuck on a empty stomach Buy out the mall and hug the block A hundered thou woodgrain in a Phantom drop Then I cruise in the club, got my Rug' in the club Pay the bouncer a buck, now my uz' in the club, yeah nigga! [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Attitude, Sebastian Album: Timbaland presents Shock Value Song: Kill Yourself Typed by: b1gjo3y@gmail.com {*blurred voice in the beginning*} [Timbaland] It's life or death, either one The king is back, to heat and run I piss and take a shit on your beat for fun I killed the game, I ain't even use a gun Who better than me? Don't make me laugh I run this shit, babe just chase my ass I ain't talkin' shit nigga just tellin' the facts I think all the tracks I'm hearin' from niggas is whack I be hearin' this niggas, what they say in their rimes I took my spot, nobody gave me mine I make the beats, that "Boom Boom Boom" in their trunks You disagree homie then go on in the junk You can pump your gun, you can say what you want That's all you doin, cause you niggas is punk I'm number one, you ain't number shit When they need a hit, who do they come to get Talk to me [Chorus by Timbaland] (Attitude) If you got love for me I got love for you If you won't fuck with me I won't fuck with you We can do it however you wanna do Nigga if you won't fuck with me I won't fuck with you Go 'head Kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself Go kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself (If I was you I wouldn't feel myself) Go kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself Go kill yourself, kill yourself, kill yourself (If I was you I wouldn't feel myself) [Attitude] Yo Hey I'm tired of niggas, niggas is tired You ain't a G, I see bitch in your eyes If you're close to me, you're supposed to be But most you rap niggas is hoes to me Wherever you from, you pushin' the X And do you think I give a fuck, belittle me that Cause you in my hood and you dump into hell and back This sinister shit, to hell with that I seen them come, I seen them go I doubt if you can show me something I ain't seen before Who's supposed to be in charge, I need to know When I shake your hand, I'ma step on your toe Go get your gun, go get your clique I'ma be right here chillin' with your bitch You mad at me, cause I'm getting' rich? Put the pistol to your head and empty the clip Fuck nigga! [Sebastian] See my heart, feel my pain Some is stars, some is lames How they follow little trans to get they fame I ain't snap my damn fingers to get in the game You claim you rich, show me son If you got so many dollars then owe me one Fools think they're killers they own a gun When you know you bought a suit it's a honey bun Trashy broads, final bar Like you tattooed your frontnin' heart VIP bands don't make you a star Like we really still don't know who the fuck you are Don't talk behind my back, just call me nigga Move my heart to the side, make room to forgive ya If you still wanna hang, we'll come to get ya Put the rope around your neck, jump my nigga *blurred voice* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Magoo Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Boardmeeting Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Timbaland] Clap your hands everybody, if you got, what it takes I'm Timbo and I want you to know that these, are, da breaks! (Uh-huh, uh-huh) Hey, get your back up off the wall (Uh-huh, uh-huh) Hey, get your back up off the wall (Uh-huh, uh-huh) Hey, get your back up off the wall (Uh-huh, uh-huh) Huh, let me tell you [Timbaland] You got me feenin for your body parts You said you're lonely and you need it bad Come and see me when you wanna start And where we going you don't have to ask [Chorus: Timbaland] Come to my cipher, put that blunt in the air Let me seduce you, let me play in your hair I see that you're hyper, let's take it upstairs Hey girl, let's have a meeting, meeting [Timbaland] I know a quiet place where we can talk Girl relax and let me do my thang Baby I don't wanna break yo' heart I just wanna make you say my name [Magoo] I'ma check, make her heart break her man fo' sho' In the back in my mind girl you in for dough Even though you a stunt, I'm a fan of chess{?} Role-play, you the best, you supply the sess Yes, I'm a fiend of your hole One hit of you and I lose control I look through your eyes, I'ma see your soul Bank roll and a hole through the cars and go [Outro: Timbaland] (Uh-huh, uh-huh) Get your back up off the wall (uh-huh, uh-huh) Hey, get your back up off the wall (uh-huh, uh-huh) Get your back up off the wall (uh-huh, uh-huh) Meeting's adjourned (Heh, the meeting just begun, watch this) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Timbaland f/) Money Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Fantasy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Money] Let me show you boy {*panting*} Uh-huh, are you ready? Fantasy (oh) it could be (so) good and we (I was just thinkin' ... about you) the wildest thing (you have) ever dreamed (boy) (So what will it be?) [Money] Just lookin at you shorty lights a flame inside (inside) I'm wondering if you can come and help put out the fire (fire) But you can get at me baby, tell me what you like Cause I can be your all boy, I can be your love toy If you ain't busy baby, I'm all yours tonight (tonight) Let imagination take us further, feelin nice Travellin a dream (dream) we can bring something to life that no one's ever seen yet, can I [Chorus: Money] Show you what it's like beyond your fantasy (oh) it could be (so) good and we... might just get it hot up in the wildest thing (you have) ever dreamed (boy) let me Show you what it's like beyond your fantasy (oh) it could be (so) good and we... might just get it hot up in the wildest thing (you have) ever dreamed (boy) [Money] Just think of all the tasty things that we can try (try) The karma you can have bein within Money can buy (oh-ho-ho-ho~!) We ain't even gotta keep it quiet Boy all my walls are soundproof, I can scream your name too While you playin house, we will not disturb not police or neighbors, you get all that you deserve Boy I got this I'm naked if you can conjure up the nerve to come see what if feels like, can I [Money] You have dreamed boy-hoyyyy... Touch it touch it feel it, roll around it if you like Taste it taste it then embrace it again a second time Don't you waste it, you'll regret it, Cause I can satisfy Any fantasy that you can come with, can I {*instrumental only version of Chorus interlude*} [Money] Let me [Money] Let me [Chorus] - 1/2 {*instrumental to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Keri Hilson, Nicole Scherzinger Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Scream Typed by: djackso@CLEMSON.EDU I got a plan for you and I Let's journey across the Venetian skies Can I have some of your cookies, can I have some of your pie May I cut the first slice, so won't you Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right Intoxicated with desire And you're the designated driver, yeah I'm not afraid, 'cause I'm a rider, yeah Ain't nothing wrong with feeling right, so won't you Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Scream) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Oh) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (You make me scream) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right I love it babe, got me here doing things I don't ever do You hold me down thats why I'm here making sure, things are up for you (get it) Like a getaway, the lights go off, you turn on I love your place, cause I can hear the echo when you make me ahh Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (If your feeling good) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Let me know) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Scream) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Show me it feels good) In the car, at the party Got his hands, On your body Don't fight it, Ooh If you like it, Ooh In your room, on the rooftop Feels good, don't stop Don't fight it, Ooh (Don't you fight it) If you like it, Ooh (Why don't you) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Scream) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Scream) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right () Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feeling right (Uh, Sing it) If you love me girl Why don't you If it feels good why don't you (sing it) Uh, if you love me girl, why don't you just Cuz when it feels good it (don't fight it) If you like it Yeah Don't fight it, ooh Yeah If you like it, ooh Don't you like that It feels so good,dont it? Grab my hand baby Take a walk on the beach, clear your minds Hold your string here Don't you like that beat You do? What else you like? Hmm I can accommodate that Oh you like my swagger? You like how I changed it up? I like it too baby But for now Hey the beat is going a little bit too long Oh you like it this long? Hmm That means you like to make love long? Yeah, I feel that Ooh I like how you shaking your hips to it It's about to end baby, but don't you stop Keep it going Keep it going Keep it going Bring it over here Sit on my lap Kiss me No no no, right here Yeah Ohh i like that Ooh i like that Ooh Lemme stop bullshittin', haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Keri Hilson, Sebastian Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Miscommunication Typed by: b1gjo3y@gmail.com [Sebastian] Oh Two Step Oh [Timbaland] Let me talk to you girl I'm in your part of town I call your phone and you're nowhere to be found You do this everytime You be in my "A" every single time The part that kills me You rather chill with your friends instead of me *Huh* But I ain't gone be no clown I guess I'll call you next I'm in your town Then you say to me [Keri Hilson] So what, I was out with my friends I'm a grown woman It's the weekend (Ooooh) So what, if I don't answer my phone what if I'm not alone I'm with him What's it to you? [Chorus by Keri Hilson] I need to get out You you you you you are killin' me you're killin' me you're killin' me And I just wanna get out You you you you you are killin' me you're killin' me you're what you wanna do, do, do what you wanna do, do, do [Keri Hilson] Tell me I cannot escape no matter what I do Can't get away from you Call me everyday and that was never cool Gettin' on my nerves, I think it's time you knew Oh they gave you my number 'cause In the train you was cuter plus You looked sad and lonely (Ooooh) But that's all it was, put you in the game and Here y'go complainin' What's up with you? [Sebastian] Like "Whoa" lil' mama It's the second time I'm callin' your number I ain't chasin', I ain't even no runner But you know I push the Hummer in the summer *Huh* How you hard to be reached? I can put you where you hard to be reached Black sand on the balls of your feet You can scream "Ain't nobody gone be 'sleep" This your own private beach *Ha ha* And when it comes to sex Just a little bit of love and a little bit of that Baby push your back where your ribs is at Share a bowl of crunch berries, how real is that? *Ha ha* I'm just jokin' of course I'm tryin' to put your sex game back on course If you feelin' dry like you don't get morse If you ever get a minute holler at your boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Amar, Jim Beamz Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Bombay Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * english translation and source information follows {*harmonizing for the first 6 seconds*} [Amar] + (Timbaland) Mere zindagi... tere ho gayhe (c'mon) Ye diwanagi (huh) na roke kubi (yeah) Mere zindagi, tere ho gayhe (bring it back) Ye diwandigi, na roke kubi (bring it back) Mere zindagi, tere ho gayhe (bring it back) Ye diwandigi, na roke kubi (break it down) Mudhoss hayra dil mai bat kiya? (Say what?) Ah-ha-ha-ha, pucho na; ah-ha-ha-ha, pucho na Mudhoss hayra dil mai bat kiya? Ah-ha-ha-ha, pucho na; ah-ha-ha-ha (frikki-frikki-c'mon) Ahja tu ahja mere saminay tu ahja jaanu (ah) Kitna tashowu gay, kitna bolowo gay muchay tum (ah) Ahja tu ahja mere saminay tu ahja jaanu (oh~!) Kitna tashowu gay, kitna bolowo gay muchay tum (frikki-frikki-uh) [Chorus: Timbaland] + (Amar) Ain't no way in the world I'm gon' leave you baby You're my treasure and I got the key to you baby Let's ride on my Titanic baby Daily lovin go down as one of the greatest There's no me without you, you Baby girl you make my dream come true, sing it to me (Tu hay tu hay, hum yaha hay) (Aahoo chulay, ish jahan say) (Aahoo millay, zazah millay) (Ubb hum bahoto, ek ho jahay) [Interlude 5X: Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey, hey - put it up y'all Hey, hey, hey, hey - and give it to me [Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey, hey - put it up y'all Hey, hey, hey, hey - Jim Beamz break it down now [Jim Beamz] + (Timbaland) Ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh, ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh (I like that, uh) Ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh, ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh (I like that, uh) Ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh, ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh (I like that, uh) Ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh, ooooooo-ah-ahhhhh (frikki-frikki-break, down) {*skatting for the last 20 seconds*} --- translation assembled from Google and AZlyrics; apologies for errors --- Aahoo chulay, ish jahan say = "C'mon let's go away from here" Aahoo millay, zazah millay = "C'mon let's meet in ecstasy" Ahja tu ahja mere saminay tu ahja jaanu = "Come to me baby come to me" Kitna bolowo gay muchay tum = "How much will you call me" Kitna tashowu gay = "How much will you tease me" Mere zindagi = "My life" Mere zindagi tere ho gayhe = "My life has become yours" Mudhoss hayra dil mai bat kiya = "My heart is drunk with surprise" Pucho na = "Don't ask me why" Tu hay tu hay, hum yaha hay = "You are here, we are here" Ubb hum bahoto, ek ho jahay = "Now let's both become one" Ye diwandigi na roke kubi translation = "May this love never end" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ The Hives Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Throw it on Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: The Hives] The time has come; flyweight champion of the world!! (Flyweight champion of the world) The time has come {hey girl} The Hives [Timbaland] Take it to the back of the club fast talkin, don't take this the wrong way I've been peepin that ass and if you give me my chance I ain't gon' play I really want to get to know ya that's what I told ya girl you know I don't play (OW!) I wanna put it in your - WHOA girl~! You better do what the song say [Chorus: The Hives] + (Timbaland) Uhh, just throw it on me; uhh, just throw it on me Uhh, just throw it on me (wiggle that ass before you throw it on me) Uhh, just throw it on me; uhh, just throw it on me Uhh, just throw it on me (wiggle that ass before you throw it on me) [Timbaland] (Yesssss~!) I got so many broads white cars I can jump in two or three in the same day And when I park my car soon as I walk in the spot women say (OW!) They ... showin me titties and they callin my name and all night God damn babe (SHUT UP!) Niggaz is hatin me cause they girl wanna throw that thang on me like it's okay GIRL~! [Timbaland] (Right) When I look at that ass you probably a "Gold Digger" but I ain't Kanye Baby girl you're on the right track but you're goin the wrong way And when we leave out the party baby girl I got the game that we gon' play And when ya wake up tomorrow I'll be on the highway (peace) HEY!! [Outro] Right... ... before you throw it on me Right - The Hives (just throw it on me) THE HIVES - JUST THROW IT ON MEEEE~! Just throw it on meee, just throw it on meeeeeeeeeeeee (Uh-uhh) Throw it on meeeeeeee, oooh yeahhh OWWWW~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ She Wants Revenge Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Time Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Timbaland] Hmm, I got a feelin she keeps me in the dark I gotta keep my eye on her, she ain't no walk in the park I bought her this but she want that she she, she want it all You see she wanted to paint the picture and say she my broad I got a little tip from the word on the block  people sayin I shouldn't get involved But I didn't judge, I tried to change it cause you are who you are I'm like a drug, she's addicted to me, she can't keep me now She always makin plans today, come and find me tomorrow Goodbye girrrrl [Chorus: She Wants Revenge] She's too invested in the hours that pass her by I'd pay attention if I thought it was worth the time I'd tell her easy but her hands, they find a way Confusing passion for the love he never gave Fall back on reasons that we know won't stand a chance Watching her shoulders like a memory from the past I'd tell her easy but her hands, they find a way Confusing passion for the love he never gave [Timbaland] I couldn't get rid of shorty if I wanted cause she was down But I was tired of playin the role like I ain't know that she get around Somethin 'bout this girl fascinates me She's the type that like to hang with the stars The way she makes me feel and sedates me Who knew we would take it this far? Everywhere that I try to go She got a "Wanted" poster with my face on it Soon as I walk out the do' There it is, "Wanted" poster with my face on it Can't blame myself when it's not, my fault cause nothin is promised At least I can say I was honest - goodbye girrrrl [48 seconds of instrumental] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Fall Out Boy Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: One and Only Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Uhh, I get over heels for someone I, that I really can't deal with (deal with) I want to block her out my mind But I really can't do it (do it) I tell myself this the last time I'ma let her do this to me Whenever we do... spend time I realize that I can't get enough of you [Interlude: Patrick Stump from Fall Out Boy] + (Timbaland) Wipe that sm-ile off your fuckin face (and I say to you) Wipe that sm-ile off your face (then I say to you) Wipe that sm-ile off your fuckin face (and I say to you) Wipe that sm-ile off your faaaaace [Chorus: Patrick Stump] To be despised, to be loved To be dreamt of, to be sought I'm the inside of I don't care Right in the middle, I'm right in the middle To be despised, to be loved To be dreamt of, to be sought I'm the inside of I don't care Right in the middle, I'm right in the middle Be my unholy, my one and my lone-lyyyyy [Patrick Stump] I wear scarves and hoods cause they're the only poker face that I've got left And everything I love about you is a mess Smash the mirror and break the palm reader's hand I want to be better than I am [Interlude] [Timbaland] AOWWWWWW! Girl, just look what you've done How could you do this to me? I gotta put my foot down I can't let you do this to me I can't forget those good ol' times And all the things you've been doin to me I wanna hit that one mo' time I'm in love, what'chu doin to me I'ma say it loud Right here let's fuck in this crowd Why we arguin I thought me and you were 'posed to be, friends Let's chill for minute (for a minute) Better yet we need to heal for a minute (for a minute) Baby, put down the knife Sometimes I wanna save ya life But I'm in.. [Outro] We don't got no fuckin band~! We ain't got no speakers, no fuckin microphones set up Timberland, you tunin son of a bitch Get the fuck outta my house now 'Fore I get too mad and I can't turn back HEY!! Didn't I say get the fuck out! Get the fuck out! Ha ha ha ha ha... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Timbaland f/) One Republic Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: Apologize Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [One Republic] I'm holdin on your rope, got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearin what you say, but I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me, then you go and cut me down, but wait You tell me that you're sorry, didn't think I'd turn around, and sayyyy [Chorus: One Republic] That it's too late to 'pologize, it's too laaaaaate I said it's too late to 'pologize, it's too laaaaaate [One Republic] I'd take another chance, take a fall, take a shot for you And I need you like a heart needs a beat, but that's nothin new Yeahhhhhh~! Yeah I loved you with a fire red, now it's turnin blue, and you say Sorry like an angel Heaven let me think was you, but I'm afraid [One Republic] Whoaaaaaa whoa [One Republic] I said it's too late to apologize, a-yeahhhhhhhhh I said it's too late to apologize, a-yeahhhhhhhhh I'm holdin on your rope, got me ten feet off... the ground The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Elton John * Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value Song: 2 Man Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Elton John only plays the piano [Timbaland] Hold up y'all, hold up Not yet Elton, hold up Let the beat ride for one second Now... Go 'head John Go 'head John I like that Yeah Hmm Let's move it out, let's move it out Break it down like this (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Yeah, yeah, yeah (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Uh-huh (ooooooooooh) uh-huh (OOOOOOOOOOH!) Yeah, yeah (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh) Let's move it out like this (HUMMMMMMMMMMM) Bring it in [Chorus: singers] + (Timbaland) I heard that (yeah) come on and play that back (uh-huh) I'm really feelin that (yeah) c'mon let's smash the track (uh-huh) It's just a regularrrrr (regular baby) Two man show (uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, I SAID) I heard that (yeah) come on and play that back (huh?) I'm really feelin that (what?) c'mon let's smash the track (uh-huh) It's just a regularrrrr (regular baby) Two man show (uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh) [Timbaland] (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Yeah (ooooooooooh) yeah (ooh-ooooooooooh) Don't it sound good to ya, don't you agree? (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Yeah (ooooooooooh) yeah (ooh-ooooooooooh) Don't it sound good to ya, don't you agree? (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Yeah (ooooooooooh) yeah (OOOOOOOOOOH!) Say what? (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh) Break it down for me (HUMMMMMMMMMMM) Slow it up Yeah Uh-huh C'mon Elton, break it down Elton, what, huh? OHHH! Yeah [Chorus: singers] + (Timbaland) I heard that (I heard that) come on and play that back (come play it) I'm really feelin that (I'm feelin it) c'mon let's smash the track (uh yeah) It's just a regularrrrr (regular baby) Two man show (sounds so good, DON'T YOU AGREE?) I heard that (huh?) come on and play that back (HUH?) I'm really feelin that (YEAH?) c'mon let's smash the track (c'mon!) It's just a regularrrrr (regular baby) Two man show (two man show that is, me and Elton John) [Timbaland] (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Don't it sound good to ya, don't you agree? (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Don't it sound GOOD to ya, don't you agree? (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh-ooooooooooh) Just switch it up right here (OOOOOOOOOOH!) Yeah, I like that (Ooh-ooh-ooooooooooh) Why? (ooooooooooh-ooh) Gimme that, gimme that (HUMMMMMMMMMMM) {*whispering*} I like that~! C'mon Elton, take me to the higher levels Go higher than that baby Higher! (HUMMMMMMMMMMM) Switch it up... I like that! Huh, huh (HUMMMMMMMMMMM) Kill 'em Yeah, ease it out for 'em I like that Now grab your cigar, grab your lady Hug her tight and tell her that you love her Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh It's been a pleasure y'all Shock Value, is now, officially over Me, and Elton John, signin out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ DJ Felli Fel Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ Felli Fel] Uhh, Shock Value II! Hahaha, yo This the heavy hitter DJ Felli Fel Now Timb told me he wanted a intro Uhh, but you know {*echoes*} With some shit like this, you don't really need a intro But this how we gon' go anyway Ay, ay [Felli] + (Timbaland) We gon' start {*frikki*} off right (Timbo and friends in the house tonight) We gon' start {*frikki*} off right (Timbo and friends in the house tonight) Gon' start {*frikki*} off riiight {*frikki*} (Timbo and FRIENDS in the house tonight) We gon' start {*frikki*} off right (Frikki frikki gimme somethin that I like, c'mon!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Carry Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Ha hah!! Eh-eh-eh, ha hah!! Ah baby oh my baby down to (carry out) Ah baby oh my baby down to (carry out) I take your order when you steppin when you (carry out) I take your order when you steppin when you (carry out) I turn it on my baby don't you (cut me out) I turn it on my baby don't you (cut me out) Check it, check it out Baby, you're looking fine I'll have you open all night like an IHOP I take you home baby let you keep me company You gimme some of you, I give you some of me You look good baby, must taste heavenly I'm pretty sure that you got your own recipe So pick it up, pick it up, yeah I like you I just can't get enough I gotta drive through Cause it's me, you, you, me, me, you, all night Have it your, way, foreplay, before, I feed, your appetite Let me get my ticket baby, let me get in line I can tell the way you like it baby, supersized Hold on, you got yours, let me get mine I ain't leave 'til they turn over the clothesline Check it [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] Take my order cause your body like a - carry out Let me walk into your body 'til you - hear me out Turn me on my baby don't you - cut me out Turn me on my baby don't you - cut me out Take my order cause your body like a - carry out And let me walk into your body 'til it's - lights out Turn me on my baby don't you - cut me out Ah turn me on my baby don't you - cut me out Cut me out [Justin Timberlake] Listen here girl Number one, I take two number threes That's a whole out of you and a side of me Now is I full of myself to want you full of me? And if it's room for dessert then I want a piece Baby get my order right, no errors I'ma touch you in all the right areas I can feed you, you can feed me Girl deliver that to me, come see me Cause it's me, you, you, me, me, you, all night Have it your, way, foreplay, before, I feed, your appetite Do you like it well done? Cause I do it well Cause I'm well seasoned if you couldn't tell Now let me walk into your body 'til you hear me out Ah turn me on my baby, don't you cut me out [Justin Timberlake] What's your name? What's your number? I'm glad I came; can you take my order? What's your name? Girl, what's your number? I'm glad I came; can you take my order? Come over here (what's your name?) Come closer (what's your number?) Over here (I'm glad I came) A little closer (can you take my order?) Come over here (what's your name?) Come closer (what's your number?) Over here (I'm glad I came) A little closer (can you take my..) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Justin Timberlake] Don't you cut me out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ JoJo * Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Lose Control Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this isn't the JoJo from Jodeci [Intro/Chorus: JoJo & Timbaland] Talkin bout my baby; cause we always breakin the mold Talkin bout my baby; we don't need no secret code The way you love me down got me goin around I think, I think, I think I'm losin control The way you love me down got me goin around I think, I think, I think I'm losin control The way you love me, yeah, yeah The way you love me, yeah, yeah The way you love me, yeah, yeah I think, I think, I think I'm losin control [Timbaland] Hey lady - I know it gets hard sometimes Hey lady - you been gettin what you want from me Hey lady - my love is always on the grind Hey lady - how far I gotta go, to reach you? [JoJo] You're all mine, you're alright, I don't mind, nooo When I stand, by your side, ohhhhh! [JoJo] I have a bad day, I don't act right Get up under your skin I know it ain't right How I ask you, to give up everything Boy just stop what you're doin and come and follow me around - baby thank you for the second chances And everything you did to help advance this  You put up with my shit, helped me with my biz Boy you really got it goin on yeahhhh! You're all mine, you're alright, I don't mind, nooo When I stand, by your side, ohhhhh! [uncredited rapper] You know my girl get the keys with the M's on it She have the Range night, then a Benz mornin Bought plenty of ice for them shinin on your friends moments I'll give her anything she want if it look good on her And we be chillin like a bottle sittin on the rocks Shoppin bags full of Cartier forget-me-nots But money can't buy you love, baby that's a fact But you can rent some love, with a couple stacks Man I ain't gotta lease nothin I own one And everytime I hit she say it's a home run When asked how can we be serious at so young? I just say I'm in it for the long run [Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Bran'Nu Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Meet in Tha Middle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Gotta meet somewhere baby, hey, hey We fuss, we fight, yo' fault, my fault We was on the same team at least that's what I thought We both participated only I got caught Now we hardly conversate and baby we don't talk It was fun at first, you can't say I'm wrong Now you wanna talk about it? Too late, I'm gone You mad at me cause I don't wanna play yo' games I ain't perfect but I'ma do my thing (we gotta meet in the middle) Huh, you here I'm dere Tell me what's the sense of me tryin if you don't care? This relationship is headed to who knows where That means one of us got to chose Because you hurt me, and I hurt you You complain about the things that I don't do And I don't wanna take the blame, neither do you Because we got too much to loose [Chorus: Timbaland] We gotta meet in the middle, meet in the middle We gotta gotta meet in the middle We gotta compromise, baby don't analyze We need to see eye to eye, so let's meet in the middle We gotta meet in the middle We gotta gotta meet in the middle We gotta compromise, we gotta work it out this time We need to see eye to eye, so let's meet in the middle [Timbaland] Hey, hey, we got somethin we can't enjoy I'm sick of you tryin to play with me like I'm your toy Mmm - you tried to run game, I saw We got a lot of issues you got yours (we gotta meet in the middle) Huh, you can't talk that shit You can't travel to the future if you walk backwards Once you walk out the door, you can't walk back in We gotta find a way to solve it, think about our kids Cause they in the middle - you wanna sing that song? You won't need to cop a plea to say okay, I'm wrong Thangs are gettin heavy but I still stay strong I try to talk it over wit'chu when I coulda been gone Because you hurt me, and I hurt you You complain about the things that I don't do And I don't wanna take the blame, neither do you Because we got too much to loose [Bran'Nu] I told you once, I told you twice And now my shoulder's cold, like a block of ice You playin games like you rollin dice Hey what you know about a sacrifice? (Baby I've been in the middle) I've been givin you more than a little Had the ball then you double dribbled (I guess love is a riddle) You never listen I don't ever get my point across I washed your dirty drawers, you out with dirty broads You did me dirty dog, cause youse a dirty dog It's a curtain call, and I ain't mad at all I gave you more than you deserve, I was worth it all Bottom line hope you find what you searchin for You hurt me so I hurt you And I complain about the things that you don't do And I don't wanna take the blame, neither do you We got too much to loose [Outro: Bran'Nu] Meet in the middle We gotta gotta meet in the middle And compromise, analyze Eye to eye, meet in the middle Meet in the middle We gotta gotta meet in the middle And compromise, gotta work it out this time Gotta see eye to eye, meet in the middle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Drake Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value 2 Song: Say Something Typed by: aquanthologies@hotmail.com [Drake - Singing] This shit was all I knew You and me, only And I did it all for you Still you were lonely We can work it out [Drake - Rhyming] Uh, but I guess things change It's funny how someone else's success brings pain When you're no longer involved That person has it all And you're just stuck standing there [Drake - Singing] But I'm gon need you to say something, baby Say, say somehting baby Say something baby, say, say... I'm gon need you to say something, baby I'm gon need you to say something, baby Oh oh... [Verse 1] [Drake] Uhm I am the topic of conversation This is celebration Let's toast to the fact that I've moved out my mamma basement To a condo downtown, 'cause it's all about location I'm sitting, drink wine and watch californication of life You should have been here to kick it with me We could have split this whole thing up, 50 - 50 But now I'm at the 40/40 getting bitches tipsy Killing shit, the ever so talented Mr. Ripley How I go from being the man that you argue with To me and Dwayne Carter putting out the hardest shit I should wanna go back to the one I started with But I'm addicted to this life, it's gon be hard to quit Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along You could tell me that you've never heard none of my songs As long as you end up saying one day you plan to listen Cause what's a star when it's most important fan is missing? [Drake - Singing] This shit was all I knew You and me, only And I did it all for you Still you were lonely We can work it out [Drake - Rhyming] Uh, but I guess things change It's funny how someone else's success brings pain When you're no longer involved That person has it all And you're just stuck standing there [Drake - Singing] But I'm gon need you to say something, baby Say, say somehting baby Say something baby, say, say... I'm gon need you to say something, baby I'm gon need you to say something, baby Oh oh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Chad Kroeger, Sebastian Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Tomorrow in the Bottle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] All I wanna do is, all I wanna do is, make up All I wanna do is, make up {*5X*} Put the, put the past behind us All I wanna do is, all I wanna do is All I wanna do is, make up {*6X*} Put the, put the past behind us [Timbaland] Broken promises, broken wedding vows If God is lookin down, hopin that he crack a smile (crack a smile) How can I support a child? Last time I had a job, it's been a while The question that remains so freely Why does that that happen to me? (To me) To wash away the pain I'm drinkin I'm thinkin [Chorus: Chad Kroeger] I'm waitin for the day, that Together we can find another way, back With everything we've got at stake Let's worry about today and put tomorrow in a bottle If there's some way that we can take, back The wrong that we've created we can change, that Don't turn yo' head the other way You're gonna save today, put tomorrow in a bottle Let's put tomorrow in a bottle {*8X*} [Timbaland] Pack it up, seal it up, close the deal (the deal) Girl you ain't right, I apologize Won't be satisfied 'til what we had was gone away Hey hey, every other day we fuss and fight Hey, hey, and I tell you two wrongs don't make a right You had my head gone, I did you dead wrong Singin that same old song, wonderin why you mad at me? (At me) Now you understand my lingo, we still gon' be people Baby this is how it should be (ay!) Are you gonna be like that? You was supposed to have my back (back back back back) Now we both don't know how to act Once I leave out the door nothin will bring me back [Timbaland] Pack it up, seal it up, close the deal (the deal) Said I never thought that all that the love we had would go away Now there's nothin left that you can say, say-ayyy Yes today, shit gon' be the same Because I'm backed against the wall Now the conclusion to the story is the same [Sebastian] I was your bread and butter, like girl I put you on Now that I want that lovin back, why's the relationship so gone? Like we established the fact, that you was wrong from the get How am I 'sposed to fly in my ex, from Tallahasee and back when a girl is scared of heights, Sanchez on top you seen them Jets Why fuck her in the back when the first class got the latest snacks People can blame my past, People can kiss my ass I'm at a loss for words, Chad gonna sing the rest [Timbaland] Pack it up, seal it up, close the deal (the deal) [Outro w/ minor variations] All I wanna do is, make up {*7X*} Put the, put the past behind us All I wanna do is, make up {*7X*} Put the, put the past behind us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Miley Cyrus Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: We Belong to the Music Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] C'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, PUT YOUR HANDS UP Miley, Miley, Miley, Miley C'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, everybody PUT YOUR HANDS UP Miley, Miley, Miley, Miley C'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, PUT YOUR HANDS UP Miley, Miley, Miley, Miley C'mon y'all, c'mon y'all, everybody everybody PUT YOUR HANDS UP [Miley Cyrus] I'm gonna put on my dancin shoes and find a crazy outfit cause Tonight it's all about you I can't wait to show you all my new moves I got a brand new two-step (two-step) You're gonna like this outfit (outfit) I got it all right here, no need for you to go anywhere (anywhere) anywhere (anywhere) Turn it up until it can't rock any more, Mr. DJ! Look at what you made me do out on the floor - that's when we say Hey, hey! We belong to the music, we don't answer to you! Hey, hey! That's right we ain't movin, we don't answer to you It's a party we can dance if we want to C'mon and party like it ain't no curfew Hey, hey! We belong to the music, we don't answer to you! [Miley Cyrus] I'm gonna call up my friends Gonna have a good time, it's sure to be crazy Tonight, it's all about us Feelin real good, can you blame me? I got a brand new hairdo (hairdo) To fit my brand new attitude (attitude) You can't tell me nothin HA, I ain't bluffin I'm tellin you (tellin you) tellin you (tellin you) Turn it up until it can't rock any more, Mr. DJ! Look at what you made me do out on the floor - and that's when we say [Timbaland] + (Miley) What, what'cha say now? (We gon' keep on dancin 'til the sun comes up) What, what, what'cha say now? (People in the party can't get enough) What, what, ah-what'cha say now? (We gon' keep on dancin 'til the sun comes up) What, what, ah-what'cha say now? (People in the party can't get enough) [Timbaland] + (Miley) And what'cha say now? (We gon' keep on dancin 'til the sun comes up) What'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha say now? (People in the party can't get enough) What'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha say now? (We gon' keep on dancin 'til the sun comes up) What'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha, what'cha say now? (People in the party can't get enough!) Whoa now! C'mon c'mon c'mon now Ka-ka-ka-c'mon now Ka-ka-ka-c'mon now Don't stop the DJ Don't stop the DJ Don't kill the DJ Don't stop the DJ Don't kill the DJ We gon' keep partyin 'til the sun comes up, me and Miley Hey, hey, hey, we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Nelly Furtado, SoShy Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Morning After Dark Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly Furtado] Go Timbo! [Timbaland] I'll be the same when it all goes up I'll be the same when it all goes down Not the first one, open it up I'll be the last one closin it out Don't know if I'll give you a shot yet Lil' momma I'm peepin your style Do I think you're dope enough? Yup! One way of findin it out The way you came at me, boo Don't care, not afraid I'm like "Wow!" Really want it all head to toe Question - is she gon' let it out? Anyway the hour glass go I don't worry anyhow Why don't we see where it go? Let's figure it out [Chorus 2X: Timbaland] + (Nelly Furtado) When the cats come out the bats come out to play, yeah (In the morning after) The dawn is here, be gone be on your way, yeah (In the morning after) [Timbaland] + (Furtado) Owww (oooohhh) owww, c'mon SoShy! [SoShy] I got a little secret for ya I never sleep when comes the night But everytime I smack my fingers I switch back into the light My moon belong to your sun Your fire is burning my mind Is it love or is it lust? Something that I just can't describe (ah) Am I the one and only (ah) Cause you're the only one (ah) It felt so long and lonely (ah) Waiting for you to come It's lookin bright and early I'm willing to close my eyes This is the unusual story Timbo and SoShy [Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey Frikki-frikki-frikki go Nelly! [Nelly Furtado] I ain't Omarion but I don't like sleepin alone So come and pick me up as soon as you put down the phone I wanna get into trouble Later you'll carry me home I wanna go undercover I just wanna ride on your bone Yes I don't worry, I'll be bad I'm not the only one So let's work overtime on this shift stay up with the sun Maybe we can start a riot Maybe we can bomb this town Maybe I'll be on that fire We can figure it out! [Timbaland] Dark dark dark dark dark In the morning after dark Dark dark dark dark dark In the morning after dark Please don't leave me girl In the morning after dark Please don't leave me girl In the morning after dark [Timbaland] Please don't leave me girl When the cats come out the bats come out to playyyy When the cats come out the bats come out to play, play, play The dawn is here be gone, be on your way, wa-wa-wa-way, wa-way When the cats come out the bats come out to playyyy Play play play The dawn is here be gone, be on your way, way, way, way {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Katy Perry Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: If We Ever Meet Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland - singing] What's somebody like you, doing in a place like this? Say did you come alone, or did you bring all your friends? Say what's your name, what you drinkin? I think I know what you're thinking Baby what's your sign? Tell me yours, I'll tell you mine Say what's somebody like you, doing in a place like this? (One, two, three c'mon!) [Chorus: Timbaland & Katy Perry] I'll never be the same - if we ever meet again Won't let you get away - say if we ever meet again This freefall (ahh) got me so (ohh) Kiss me all night don't ever let me go I'll never be the same - if we ever meet again [Timbaland] Ohh, ohh Say if we ever meet again [Katy Perry] Do you come here much? I swear I've seen your face before (beforee, yeah) Hope you don't see me blush, but I can't help but want you more, more Baby tell me what's your story? I ain't shy and don't you worry I'm flirting with my eyes, wanna leave with you tonight Do you come here much? I gotta see your face some more! Some more, cause baby [Katy Perry] + (Timbaland) If we ever meet again, I'll have so much more to say (If we ever meet again) If we ever meet again, I won't let you go away (If we ever meet again) If we ever, ever meet again, I'll have so much more to say (If we ever meet again) If we ever, ever meet again, I won't let you go away away-ay-ay-ayyayayyayyyyyy [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Timbaland] Just when the night can't get no less Porn star startin, what is this? Vixens fightin for their stress I put in like Mr. West, yes You gon' finish dear And your body's so superb Me and you the best in hurr But yo' girl, face and ear Face and ear, face and ear Face and ear, face and ear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Esthero, Sebastian Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Can You Feel It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] I would love to see you go I wonder if you know That you, and I can lose, control We on the other side of the globe You didn't come this far to say no Let's walk (let's walk) let's race (let's race) Let's ride (let's ride) the flow [Interlude: Timbaland] We got the laser lights flashin everywhere Girl let down your hair The DJ's killin it, yeah Hands up in the air Laser lights flashin everywhere Girl let down your hair Hands up in the air as I say [Chorus 4X: Timbaland] & {Esthero ad-libs} Can you feel it? Can you FEEL it, girl? [Timbaland] 130 is the tempo You heard the bass and you go so far, so gone That you lose, compose The night is almost gone Let's put our cool shades gone Let's smoke (let's smoke) let's dance (let's dance) Let's pop (let's pop) we in vogue [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Breakdown: Timbaland] Let's go, let's go, let's go break it down C'mon, frik-frikki, fri Frikki-fri-fri-frikki, fri-fri-fri-frikki Fri-fri-fri-frikki, can you feel dat bass? Fri frikki-frik, c'mon! ... Frikki-frikki-frik-frik, fri-fri-fri-frik-frik Ca-ca-ca-ca-can, can you feel dat bass? [Esthero] So what are you waiting for? The world's our personal dancefloor tonight (tonight) alright (alright) The feelin I'm feelin insiiiiide It's getting so hard to hear A little more kick and snare Turn it up! Because (because) I can't get enough, get enough, get enough [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Timbaland and Esthero ad lib for 16 seconds] [Sebastian] These strobelights girl girl The flashing lights girl So welcome, to my, nightlife world world world World world world, world world world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Ease Off the Liquor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Owww.. owww... Timbo is back... Timbo is back babe! Timbo is back babe! Ay (ay) ay (ay) Ay (ay ay) ay (ay ay) Ay lil' momma cool it down Mmhmm, she's the talk of the town Yeah! She gets around  A little later she'll turn you out! Beware! Can't hold her down Not her, not baby gal Ohh! She's a, crazy gal Somebody come get the gal [Interlude: Timbaland] Easy! She's 'bout to drown Easy! She's outta bounds Easy! Come save the girl Easy! She's about to earl Do you love that? (Another round) Want some more of that? (Another round) You enjoy that? (Another round) Girl you all that; but [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ease off the liquor (the liquor) Lil' momma you off the Richter (you off the Richter) [unnamed female] My tolerance, is high Four shots don't do nothin to me, I'm fine Can you hold your liquor? Cause I can hold mine And if I get pulled over, I can walk a straight line Talk to me [Timbaland] She can hardly walk! Let's go, let's go, let's go You can't drink no mo', put your cup down and let's go Don't need no mo', put your cup down and let's go Don't need oh no! Now she taking off her clothes [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Timbaland] Owww! Hey... hey... hey... I need you to put that drink.. down, put that drink.. down You had too much.. now, you had too much [unnamed female] I ain't gon' put that drink.. down, put that drink.. down I know what I'm doin, I, know what I'm doin [Timbaland] I need you to put that drink.. down, put that drink.. down You had too much.. now, you had too much [unnamed female] I ain't gon' put that drink.. down, put that drink.. down I know what I'm doin, I, know what I'm doin [Timbaland] Lil' momma you had too much... ease off the liquor What I like is a lady who can hold her liquor {*2X*} [unnamed female] What I like is a man makin more than six figures {*2X*} [Timbaland] Owwwww! {*echoes*} Owwwww! {*echoes*} Two drinks, is enough girl Two drinks is the minimum {*4X*} Four, babe you gonna do too much Ease up, ease up Ease up, let's have fun, ease up Let's have fun, ease up, ease up This is like... the alcohol anonymous song Ease up off the liquor Ease off the liquor, so you can't blame it on the alcohol Ease off, the liquor Why? So we can't blame it on the alcohol So, we, ease up on the liquor Why? So we can't blame it on the alcohol Ay, so we can't blame it on the alcohol Ay, so we can't blame it on the alcohol Alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Esthero, The Fray Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Undertow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] I don't wanna talk now, I don't wanna hear you scream no mo' Won't somebody save me? Everything I do feel like it's wrong All we do is fall down even though we try to stay afloat I swear it's gon' kill me even though you think it won't So why rock a boat and make waves? When everything's calm and okay So why am I confused if you love me? I thought this would be smooth sailing [Chorus: The Fray] Cause I don't wanna let you go and we're caught in the undertow Cause I am losin my control And we're caught in the undertow Our only prayer, is all our own but we need air, we go alone cause I don't wanna let you go but we're caught in the undertow [Esthero] I don't wanna cry, every time we try it never fails We change the illusion, whenever you go and set the sail My heart's in your hand, don't you go hurt me agai-ain All we got is one chance and it's sink or swi-im So why rock a boat and make waves? (Make waves!) When everything's calm and okay? (I'm okay!) Why am I confused if you love me? (Love me!) Thought this would be smooth sailing [Chorus] w/ Esthero [all together] And the water's rising {*4X*} [Chorus] - first half repeats twice w/ ad libs [The Fray & Esthero] Our only prayer, is all our own We both need air, we go alone Our only prayer, is on our own We both need air, we go alone Cause I don't wanna let you go I don't wanna let you go Cause we're caught in the under... tow, tow, tow Undertow, tow, tow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Jet Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Timothy Where You Been Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jet] Timothy.. I took your place (I took your place) Timothy.. cause such a waste (cause such a waste) Timothy, we found your spaceship Timothy, it's the farthest you've ever flown-own-own -own-own-own-own-owwwwn [Timbaland] Hey! Put your lighters up Put your lighters up y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all Y'all put your lighters up This the Timothy song if you don't know about me Yeah they call me Tim, V-A's phenomenon I kill 'em all winter, until the summer come From just another name, all the way to number one And I'm simply the best when it's all said and done Remember when me and Magoo was tryin to make a mill'? Well we did and years later we got it still Gave you my bio, "Under Construction 1 and 2" Hundred percent, Ginuwine, that was from me to you I'm makin moves while they ridicule I'm like a warm summer breeze in the swimmin pool - I'm cool I never kept it basic, I been so many places Been gettin money since them honies had them small faces So many little me's, I can hear small traces But I just ignore it, cause I'm too big for it And I can hear 'em screamin {*echoes*} [Chorus: Jet] Timothy, where have you beeeenn? It's not what it seems but it isssss Timothy, where have you beeeeen? She cried in the kitchen to let you go Timothy, where have you beeeeen? [Timbaland] I been in Athens, Georgia by way of Bubba Sparxxx When the +Nights+ were +Bright+ and all the +Days+ was +Dark+ But now they all bright, everything is all right If you assume my life is wonderful then y'all right I got a bad wife, three beautiful kids I make the world dance, yeah look what I done did Hits for Jay-Z, Nelly Furtado Catch up, y'all slow, escargot Nelly did fourteen mill', where's Fargo? I brought a airplane, fuck I need a car fo'? Ask Justin Timberlake is Timbaland great? Y'all gotta deal with me, no handshake Stand up nigga, rather have a stand off with the law before I let 'em say I ran off And I can hear 'em screamin {*echoes*} [Timbaland] Ay, some say I went away but really I never left They wonder where I been, but they can never guess I been around the world here to the other side And I successfully achieved what all those others tried Carry my city on my back like a crucifix For more than a decade cause I can do this shit A lot of people want my spot but I don't hesitate The track label my legacy won't appreciate I stand strong, everything I put my hands on Me and Mr. I be, cause ain't no I in team Cause I can hear 'em sayin {*echoes*} [Outro - female singer uncredited] Timothy, where have you been? She cried in the kitchen to let you go Where have you been? [Jet] Timothy, where have you been? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Daughtry Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Long Way Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Daughtry] Traveled all around the world to be with you You never know where the open road will lead you to I crawled before I walked and still got nowhere fast The other side still has the greener grass Oh-oh-ohhh.. you win some and you lose some, yeah Oh-oh-ohhh! And things look so much smarter from up here I hear it's such a lonnnnng wayyyyy down And the climb back up ain't as easy as it sounds I hear it's such a lonnnnng wayyyyy down And the climb back up is just somethin I can do without! Somethin I can do without! [Timbaland] C'mon I walked until I didn't have no energy I bought until I didn't have no bite left in me I died so that I didn't have to live in the past But the other side still had the greener grass [Daughtry] Oh-oh-ohhh.. you win some and you lose some, yeah Oh-oh-ohhh! And things look so much smarter from up here [Timbaland] + (Daughtry) Ow ow-ow ow ow-ow-ow (somethin I can do without!) Ah-ow ow-ow ow, ow ow (somethin I can do without!) Put your hands up yeah! Hey, put your hands up YEAHH! Yeah, put your hands up yeah, hey! (Somethin I can do without!) [Chorus] + ad libs [ad libs] It's just somethin I can do withouuuut Ah-yeahh, it's just somethin I can do withouuuut Yeah-yeahhhh It's just somethin I can do without! [Outro: Daughtry] + (Timbaland) Yeahhh yeah, just somethin I can do without! Oh yeah, somethin I can do without! (Frikki-frikki-frikki yeah yeahhh!) Somethin I can do without! (Frikki-frikki-frikki yeah yeah-yeah-yah!) Somethin I can do without! (C'mon, c'mon, yeah yeahhhh) Somethin I can do without! (Yeah-eh-ehhhh, ohhh, somethin I can do without) (Oh oh ohhh, somethin I can do with with-oww-out) (Oh oh oh, somethin I can do with OUT, OUT, OUT, that's it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ OneRepublic Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Marchin On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [OneRepublic] For those days we felt like a mistake Those times when love's what you hate Somehow.. we keep marching on For those nights when I couldn't be there I've made it harder to know that you know that somehow.. we'll keep movin on [Chorus 2X: OneRepublic] There's so many wars, we've, fought There's so many things, we're, not But with what we have, I promise you that  We're marching on, we're marching on, we're marching on [Timbaland] So many hills we had to climb Almost without our strength but we kept.. slowly marching on Time heals the wounds we couldn't close Blood sweat and tears dried up We're okay... we kept marching on [Timbaland] Get your legs and walk cause we're not too far A little more to go, but well we marching on Ah well we marching on, ah well we maching on Ah well we marching on, ah well we marching If we lose the sun, we turn the night back Yep we gonna win, we gotta fight back We marching on, ah well we marching on Ah well we marching on, ah well we marching [AutoTuned] The bridges are gone, and we're almost home The end is clo-ose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ D.O.E., Keri Hilson Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: The One I Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [D.O.E.] Girl gimme that mmm AHH, c'mon girl get down Girl gimme that mmm AHH, D.O.E. got you baby Girl I hear you talkin that, how you got things in control Come and sit across my lap, there some things you need to know I got that good-good lovin have you buggin in the zone Bet I'll have you goin crazy I don't think you ready fo' it Here we go [Keri Hilson] Naw shorty, I d'ont think you know bout me yey While you've been talkin the talk I've been walkin the walk since I turned sixteen yeah Now now now now daddy, boy you stop 'pproachin me yeah You better get get it together cause I'm not your normal routine Yeah, eh eh, oh I, I've got that uh uh uh to back it up So you better make make make sure that you're good enough to keep it up, relationship gotta mean enough for you to act right, bot you gotta act right [Chorus: Keri Hilson] I'm a maniac, a maniac It's so crazy how I act when I fall in love I'm a maniac, a maniac Gotta know if you're down for me before I move on Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the point of love, gotta know that I rock with you Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the things I do, gotta know that I'm willin to Ro-ah-ah-ah-ock - only wit'chu yeah And never sto-ah-ah-ah-op, cause you're my boo yeah I'm a maniac, for love - maybe I'm crazy, yeah I'm crazy yeah [Timbaland - skatting for four bars] [Keri Hilson] Ooh yeah, if you really want to get wit me yeah You need to get it together cause I'm out here givin you all of me yeah Ah-ah-ah-oww baby, I'm the chick that you really need yeah I don't have to sell myself cause you can see the proof's in the pudding yeah Ay ay, oh I, I've got that uh uh uh to back it up So you better make make make sure this is what you want to keep it up, relationship gotta mean enough for you to act right, bot you gotta act right! [Chorus: Keri Hilson] I'm a maniac, a maniac And if it's concernin you, then I lose my head I'm a maniac, a maniac The way I feel is crazy, that's how I know Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the point of love, better know that I rock with ya Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the things I do, gotta know that I'm willin to Ro-ah-ah-ah-ock - only wit'chu yeah And never sto-ah-ah-ah-op, cause you're my boo yeah I'm a maniac, for love - and maybe I'm crazy yeah Yeah I'm crazy yeah [Timbaland - skatting for four bars] [D.O.E.] Uhh, don't you know When I put that thing on you, you get emotional Babe you had your heart on lock and key, I broke the code When I put my ballot in your slot, you'll vote for D.O.E. Turn you on like remote control (remote control) Oh no no, here we go go go Girl don't stop it, love the way you pop and drop it, low low low Uhh, I should call you Taylor Maid, cause your jeans fit tailor-made Do not disturb so tell the maid we're gonna be all day day [Keri Hilson] Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the point of love, better know that I rock with ya Yes I'm a maniac When it comes to the things I do, gotta know that I'm willin to Ro-ah-ah-ah-ock - only wit'chu yeah And never sto-ah-ah-ah-op, cause you're my boo yeah I'm a maniac, for love - and maybe I'm crazy yeah Yeah I'm crazy yeah [Timbaland - skatting for ten bars to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Attitude, Bran'Nu, D.O.E. Album: Timbaland Presents Shock Value II Song: Symphony Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Hey! I was mean... before I became a fiend I took over the world when they gave me a beat machine And then I made my city jump (jump) It's your favorite producer, come on baby let it bump (bump) I'm like a music cyclone when I'm in the zone A typhoon everytime I get on a song A tycoon, I just went and bought another home, who you stuntin on? I'm never off, I set it off, and you was never on What's there to care about? People know my whereabouts Anywhere I want, private jet, in and out Whip brand new, you know what Tim about Ferrari 5-99, windows tinted out I-I-I'm the man, m-my beats is crazy You want my sounds? Frikki you gotta pay me But don't get it confused, never had no silver spoon But you got a long walk, tryin to fit Timbaland's shoes And next up (I believe that's me) And what's your name (D.O.E. on the M-I-C) And where you from (N-Y-C, we up in here G) Why don'tcha, get on the mic for the Symphony? [D.O.E.] Okay, okay When you see me roll through (yup) got the whole crew Timbaland he produce, if you a fruit, produce Ridin in the old school (pimpin) like I'm 'posed to She french kiss my dick and then I told her "Merci beaucoup" (Put it in the bag) Nah baby I ain't Fab When I fucked you it's a wrap, I'ma put you in the cab Better be happy I rap, if I wasn't I'd be strapped with the mags And I'm... and I'm coming for your stash When I find out where you at, I'll be (shimmyin your lock) Get the fuck up out, yo babe you betta (gimme what you got) Want yo' {*censored*} money, {*censored*} money {*censored*} money, {*censored*} money Lyin like there's no money? (Uhh) Gotta go money Pockets feelin drained then it's back to snatchin chains And I wish a nggaa run up on me, he gon' find that he done made the wronnnng move - I ain't changed, still the same D.O.E. be the name, I'm from Northside Queens Next up (Ha! Hey I believe that's me) And what's yo' name? (Bran'Nu a/k/a Brandy) And where you from? (Mississippi but was raised in Cali) Why don'tcha, get on the mic for the Symphony? [Bran'Nu] I got it, I got it - ha! It's been a long time comin I'm back like I forgot something important Can't have a problem with me, I fade it to black like church slacks now I'm in the Range, no Cadillac So you don't want it with me I'm on the tip of your tongue like bubblegum, I got yo' head strung It's my return like the "Kingdom Come," I'm takin off like a rocket I got this beat in my pocket, I keep your heart droppin And you.. ha, never gonna hold me back Timbo put me on the map, now you wanna say I act Bran'Nu.. ha! Just like my Prada boots Struttin like a model do, don't you wish you had another Chance to.. ha! Get up under my skin Frontin like you get it in and you keep runnin your mouth like them broads do.. I gotta learn you like a school do Cause clearly you don't have a clue So next up (yeah, hey I believe that's me) And what's yo' name? (Attitude on the M-I-C) And where you from (Alabama we up in here G) Why don'tcha, get on the mic for the Symphony? [Attitude] Okay, {niggaz} pokin jokes, I'm never mediocre Plenty bread so you know I gotta keep a toaster On my side bitch ride unless she a Oprah Bitchh I'm too fly to drive, I'ma need a chauffeur I get a whole lot of hoes like a G supposed ta They could put me in the fed for what's in my sofa Rap {niggaz} wack, smack 'em if they say your part Diss me I'll up the ratchet on you and your A&R I know they mad, never thought that it could happen Got my {*censored*} on, then I hopped in a Aston Every check I cash in, bigger than the last one Met a new freak, she thicker than the last one Nah, I don't love her homey, music is my passion I don't show compassion and all I do {*censored*} Bitches be yellin I'm the shit even when nobody's askin Boy I'm on fire like the {*censored*} at the {*censored*} Inn That's why I stay so gone player Fuckin {*censored*} in the ozone layer I drop a hit everytime I got some shit to say And if I miss I come back like a ricochet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Mad Skillz Album: Clock Strikes CD-5/12" Song: Clock Strikes (video remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Yo... dot-da-dot-dot-dot, party ain't over Uh-huh, what, uh-huh, what? Dot-dot-dot da party ain't over Diggi do, uh-huh, what? Uh-huh, what, the party ain't over Uh-huh, what, yeah, what... diggi-diggi-diggi-diggi-diggi... [Magoo] I'ma kill you all, like O.J. Diss Maganoo, for real you must pay Listen to the way my rap flow delay His mama named him Clay, I'ma call him Play Back of the bus, with Rosa Parks Too much to say, watch my remarks South to VA, look psychadelic Y'all be killin me, for real on the really Recognize the P, when you see he sport the Kangol with N-I-K-E Break me off a piece of that, Kit-Kat You do the horse and make your Gucci wet Came through the crowd, heard the brother booin Said real low, 'Hey whatcha doin?' Don't you know I've been rappin on tracks since back in the days when sex was eight-track Relax and jump to it, like Duran Duran Black as Buckwheat, still get a tan Go over to your girl, hey what's yo' number You and your crew must be Dumb & Dumber [Timbaland] Timbaland, uh-huh, understand Kickin the fly beats, I'm a fly band Not Peter Piper but, Peter Pan Beat, guaran-guaran, teed to make you dance People wanna know where I where I get my rhythm Rhythm, come from, the thing called wisdom Wisdom is the thing that comes from the dumb-dumbs when the, clock, strikes, twelve and it's on People already already feelin my groove Now's the time for, me to show and prove Now it's time to get back to my basic method Record and play play play each segment 	*chorus* Sardines! Hey, and Pork and Beans, ha-hah Do you know what that means? It's twelve o'clock, and the party just don't stop (repeat 2X) Aight? [Magoo] When it come to flows you best to re-up Diss me to my face, get the taste slapped out Rapped out a hit on the plane out to Spain My mind go in space when I'm kissin on jane Can't Stand the Rain, but, love Missy I rock with mad funk so my middle finger pissy Look for me I'm Chico undercover at the Nico Mag and double-ooh got gas from burrito Lay you like Frito if you're white then amigo In my plat tuxedo, the rap Al Pacino Star in Casino, to a veterino Not Italia-no, but still gambino Most of y'all rappers can't do your part I'ma finish up what you all can't start Got no heart I thought on your LP I'm on your radio and on your TV 	*chorus* 2X [Timbaland] and pork and beans Did you know, did you know, uhh, Skillz [Mad Skillz] Now who gets you what you want when you want it? (My man) Who keep it real with your shorty never front it? (My man) Who hit that, split that, keep it coming Who hit you with the knot and hold on to a hundred? (My man) That's what I thought; quick, I'm too slick to get caught If I like a whip, the whip gettin bought The boss, and rapper out get tossed I don't care if you got a 50 page ad in The Source Of course Lo Life, Lo Life's my name If you John Blaze, then I'm James Flames Uhh, Mad, uhh Skillz on the track So uhh, pardon me uhh, as I come back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Inaya Day, Missy Elliott Album: Cop That Shit Remix EP Song: Cop That Shit (Mousse T Main Mix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] (Timbaland) (Oh, huh) We are the V-A players Love to the Neptunes and the Clipse (huh, huh) To ya bootleggers we breakin' off both of ya legs, whoo The underrated Maganoo comin' with the unexpected, yeah The run away slave, I, Misdemeanor Escapin' from all ya fraudulent players, huh Last but not least the heavyweight champion, Mr. Mosley (I'm gon' do it for ya), come on [Timbaland] It's been a long time, time, I shouldn't have left you, aha Without some little nieces and nephews To cover all the beats and the rhymes I been through Time's up, up, sorry I left you, whoo Thinkin' of this, I keep repeatin' them hits Like that Aaliyah, Timberlake and Missy Elliott shit, shit As you sit by the radio, hands on the dial tune As you hear it pump up the volume Jump when you hear them speakers, let it off, off, whoo Mr. V-A bout to set it off, off Well I don't know what ya heard and I don't know what ya know But my folks done told me, you got it, oh, so Up jumps the boogie, let the record work, uh huh And put me on like you red alert Cause it's the big bad Timmy, Maganoo and Missy Like three the hard way comin' straight outta Virginia like [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Inaya Day] (Timbaland) (Oh) DJ's play my joint out loud Get their ears bangin', makin' 'em shout (aha) Said it once, I'll say it again Cop that disc is ready to spin [Missy] Cop that shit, oh Lord When you say you love me it doesn't matter It goes into my head as just chit chatter You may think I'm egotistical or just very free What ya say, I go tell it to Timothy, and People say I'm whack but they don't tell me so Let them pretend to be me then they know I hate when one pretend to fantasize Fact I despise those who even try Sweat between my thighs *sniff* never stinking Your dream is over, career sinking I told all of you like I told all of them What ya say to me be dick to ya chin In one ear and right out the other Ay yo Missy you ugly, yeah your mother I don't pay attention, I don't concentrate You ain't got the bait that it takes to hook this, huh [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Magoo] (Timbaland) I'm your idol, the highest title, numero uno (oh) I'm not a Puerto Rican but I do look up to Fat Joe (whoo) And understand I got the gift of speech And it's a blessing, being from them V-A streets (aha) I talk sense condensed in the form of a poem If I wasn't writing rhymes I'd be breaking in homes (whoo) I'm kinda young (oh), so my gun's my security I'm not afraid nucca do what you gon' do to me (come on) I get paid when your record is played To put it short (to put it short), huh, I got it made I'm talented, yes, I'm gifted (oh) My uppercut boy that'll get you lifted (whoo) You got cash, mand stop frontin' Livin' off a damn every record that you cuttin' (whoo) My name Magoo and I roll with two stars (stars) Every CD we split forty-eight bars (bars) My name Magoo and I'm a super duper star (star) Every other month I get a brand new car (whoo, come on) [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Inaya Day] (Missy) Yeah, DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland Album: Dr. Dolittle Song: Da Funk Typed by: Young_Casanovas@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Uh Check out the flava I got you strung out like Kayta Catch me on ??? Just can not fate her Later for all you whack MC's Claim to be my friend But really my enemy (me me me) Why you want to mess with me Cus I got Mentalor I'll mess you up like that lady in Mallas Thats childish Cus I'm on another level Uh universal-cology on the f-in-devel Uh bring the shovel Cus I'm bout to dig your grave Not a lady but I call Mad Rage On stage Stick of you like ..... Dan Cage Cus I'm doin this my way I dont know You been told About that funk Bass control Dat Funk baby dat funk Dat Funk baby dat funk (repeat) [Verse 2] Magoo whats up my *nigga* Do you want this girl with this fine figure Get with her After that then we trick her Then get her drunk off the Thunderbird Liquor Then video tape her like that man did on Slipper If she acts up dismiss her (what what what) I hope she don't think we acting hard Cus we in with the mayor and that big boy Sarge Ain't that large They will say it will be that With Timberland and that Maganoo sound now You must go through initiation Bad situation Like a brother on a plantation Time is wasting Catch me on location on your funky radio station Da Funk Da Funk (repeating funk through the chorus) Chorus [Verse 3] 1,2 1,2 where ya gonna run to When I come through when you start acting brand new I'm like a maniac when I do my track I doubt it if my beats will be whack Play like Sylvester and leave me Stallone Cus I'm gonna find your girl and make her moan (what) Make her get on and on (on and on on on on and on) Now I got this far I'm a smooth black brother so I paid off the star Hot now I'm gone with the quickness It's a damn shame I am so relentless I'm the crazy thriller I slap the F off Farina and then took his Miller I like (I like) Cus I'm right Old tight (wont tight) Riight Chorus almost to the end "Da Funk" is repeated till the end Artist: Sincere f/ Timbaland Album: Exit Wounds Soundtrack Song: Party Typed by: Str8pimpa@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Buddy you cant be serious man... (Timbaland) All my ladies put up your vaseline This a party not a contest or a fight scene Come here baby wont you lick up on this ice cream Come here baby wont you get with this A team Cause we got plenty of bling, plenty of cars Plenty of things, and honey we all stars (huh) See I got the game, the game don't got me See I got the fame, the fame don't got me Why you had to leave me this way I love you till this day All I wanna see is big booties and big titties and all sexy lingerie You don't like me, you can go to hell But I'm with five chicks, sippin zippindale Laid up in the four seasons hotel All my dawgs finished, let me hear ya yell (Chorus) Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas, oh yo, lets make this whole room clear Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas, oh yo, lets make this whole room clear (Sincere) Girls drop your draws for the whips and the chum Its just sin the don, molesting your thong I'm aroused spit the pound, get em around Gave her numbers to dial, now I'm all on the prowl Made a red bowl well known Left my head blown like so hard, oh god Shes a actress, I need prophylactics Ran to the store, I cant go wrong Do I want more like clear to one head Spread your legs on my Versace bed spread My wrist bricked up see the ice on my arm Need two parking lots to park my car I'ma star, play the bar here's a tip Girl move your hips, put this between your tits Buddy its a hit when I came in the door And I said it before I wanna see draws (Chorus) Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas oh yo, lets make this whole room clear Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas oh yo, lets make this whole room clear (Sincere) I spit amazing, hot when I rap I only spend stacks, cause baby got back Shake that ass, and do what you wanna Hoes run on me like I'm the number one stunna When I walk in they started the stalkin But let me mention, I like the attention Grab they extension, and make that coochie pop Shake it don't stop, drop it like its hot Whisper in her ear, I got the big T.I.P. You gotta do more than whatchu do in V.I.P. Grab it, and shake it, and lick it around If you do it kinda proper I might stick around Slow down, hoe down, woe now It's feelin good Next day, guess whos on my two way Janet Jackson, time for action (Chorus)(2x) Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas oh yo, lets make this whole room clear Girls, show your draws, cause its a party up in here Fellas oh yo, lets make this whole room clear The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Bassey Album: PJ's Soundtrack Song: Talkin' Trash Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Do you like it? Uh, uh, uh, what Do you want it? Uh, uh, uh, what Do you like it? Uh, uh, uh, what Do you want it? Uh, uh, uh, say what, here we go Do you like it? Uh, uh, uh, what, here we go Do you want it? Uh, uh, uh, what, here we go Do you like it? Uh, uh, uh, what, here we go Do you want it? Part two, part two [Bassey] Why you always askin' me why I talk like that? What, you think you betta, nigga, cuz your pockets are fat? Excuse me? But wasn't I the one that you meant? You talkin' trash to these niggas about to dent up they whip You know me and I don't think I have to explain You that same crotty nigga that fucked that bitch in my Range It was the same, life, it was talked up a good game Between that money and that pussy that she claim to fame [Timbaland] Look at you, talkin'-tellin' all the bullcrap lies It was you who made me put my hands on your thighs Never ever was the one that humped that girl on your Rover You forgot your baby cousin humped that girl on your Rover It's Timbaland, baby, I don't get down like that Don't try to explain, get yo ass to the back Never ever disrepsect the man that put you on his team Now baby dove, get the keys to your Beem' 1	[Timbaland] 	Why you talkin' big trash to me? 	[Bassy] 	Cuz you always playin' games, Timothy 	[Timbaland] 	Why you tryin' to make me mad, ba-be 	[Bassy] 	Cuz you always playin' games, Timothy 	[Timbaland] 	Why you talkin' big trash to me? 	[Bassey] 	Cuz you always playin' games, Timothy 	[Timbaland] 	Why you tryin' to make me mad, ba-be 	[Bassey] 	Because you always playin' games with Bassy [Bassey] I done met many players that act like you Think because they spend some money that I'm ready to screw Instead of talkin' 'Hit me up around the 1st and the 5th' Cuz you rot in a crumbed out six, you think I'm whipped Got numerous niggas that be rottin' my shit And the last thing I need is a nigga for kicks I stay dibbed and forever spend the louchie on Gucci Fuck the money and diamonds cuz nigga, I'm still shinin' [Timbaland] Look at you, girl, talkin' trash Talkin' trash, actin' grown, show your ass Don't try to get on my track and clown You my queen, my mistress, my Jackie Brown Why you tryin' to start trouble in my can? Now hot and angry and I'm getting amped Keep on givin' me the cold shoulder Now I got to get the keys to the Roller You gone Repeat 1 [Bassey] It was all for the paper, that's right, all for the love Only wanted most what ghetto girls dream of I need the Hummers and the yachts, Don P on the rocks Cardierre wrist wear with the shivel on top Then you lace me, now you hate me, now you tryin' to replace me Had a woman when you dated me, I guess I was crazy (know you was crazy) Tried to play me but your game's a little lazy Cuz I hooked up and got with your man, nigga scrammed [Timbaland] Girl, what you know about Cardi and wrist wear? When you don't even wear Vic's Underwear Think before you start talkin' shit Remember, I'm the man with the diamonds and whips I ain't tryin' to beg, but a legend like those speedos I ain't gon get mad if you hump one of my people I keep tellin' you this is me you talkin' to Talkin' trash won't get you nowhere, baby boo Repeat 1 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo Album: Romeo Must Die soundtrack Song: We At It Again Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Lil' Man] (Timbaland) Bounce! Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Fellas, uh, uh) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Now ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Freaky fellas, ah) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Now ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Freaky fellas) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Freaky, freaky now ladies) Freaky, freaky, freaky [Timbaland] Timbaland never walk in a place He can't walk out of Gettin' rude in the place With a gun in my waist I just might pop out slugs With a straight arm Bullets stomp through your Phat Farm till the animals jump out of No justifications While my song question like that Jigga What? I'm the cause that the thugs gon' fight In the club so tight, y'all KY'd up Sometimes I fall, on cars I just hop right up With the drop top and the top dropped And your mouth drops like "WHAT THE {FUCK?}" Only deal with conjunction chicks When I'm looking to hit They give me butt Now who da man, say Timbaland! [Static](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the one's at the club To the people on the floor (We at it again) Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) [Magoo] Yeah gettin' a couple of you hoes Gotta {dick} by the size of the elbow Don't scream with it hurt I'm a {fucking} machine Fiend for cash, fiend for hash Ginseng make it last Push on her in the butt Not giving a nigga love Press your luck, ready to buck I'm a bad {motherfucker} when it comes to the show {Fuck} y'all don't hate Mag hate the flows Two in the clip ready to pimp I'm a bad {motherfucker} and I'm ready to trip Y'all scared {motherfucker} y'all ready to dip But you niggas keep wanting to slip Then a fool like me come out with a thang on the hip Get back in our ride, legs are up in your driver side Those seats lookin' like you better be ready to hide One in your leg, two in your side [Static(?)](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the one's at the club To the people on the floor (We at it again) Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) [Sebastian] Uh, Sebastian never play niggas I fuckin' just trade me some niggas Fuck up my brain when she steady giving me brain in the whip Never hit just ball legit Give her diamonds so big she can't ball up her fist With designers so big shirts crop at the wrist Look at some of the shit that my dough can get Whoo! Boy that's that shit! That I be dippin' and poppin' the top and These bitches ? and blockin' These niggas lovin' the dough My youngins lovin' the flow South people back on the roll Ladies get back on the floor Fellas keep throwin' the bowls This how a party should go [Static](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the one's at the club To the people on the floor (We at it again) Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx, Jadakiss, Timbaland Album: R3: In the 'R' We Trust Song: They Ain't Ready Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Uh-huh, now what we gonna do Take it from the Eastside.. to the country Ya feel me? Ya feel me? Ya feel me? Tchka-tchka-tchka Check the chorus... [Chorus 2x: Timbaland] Jada talk so good, but they brain is not ready They don't know know Bubba talk so good, but they brain is not ready They don't know know know [Jadakiss] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh, yeah Yo, uh, yeah, yo... Aiyyo, this I'll make ya head hurt When the hawk take the day off I make the lead work, I'll put you in the red dirt Ice make 'em look like stars, they comin through On the bikes, but they look like cars, it's somethin new and Jada talk soo good, but 'cha brain is Nowhere next to ready for this stainless It's no helpin you when them thangs melt in you and way down in Athens, 'Kiss is a bell ringer I'ma bring the hood to the farm Bless 'em with some purple haze, remove the wood from the bong Introduce them to the yak and cranberry And make sure Bubba Spark good, then I'm gone Even if we run to war, I'ma still run the raw You can come and see me, I got 'em for twenty-four Double R and Beat Club, who hard as us? "R3: In the 'R' We Trust," c'mon [Bubba Sparxxx] Uh, uh... Boy you silly if you saw them crackers ridin' with them pigs and thought I might would hit this robe for less than twenty-five a gig Doin' sixty-five, I slid off acid and shitty bourbon Took a minute to adjust, but right now this big shit is workin I'm white just by chance, but I'm country by God's graces Nowadays I find myself doin laundry in odd places But still, I keep it Bubba even into Mr. Kiss and them Brought 'em down to Athens, let 'em cut with my sister's friend Now we gettin' blitzed again, back on the block in Yonkers and Tim done laced a track, man this shit is hot as bonkers 'Kiss, not to flaunt ya, but just tell them Betty's come here I'm doin for my family what y'all already done here But Bubba is the truth and perhaps this is discussion Of wither I'm that deal or a product of Timb's percussion Y'all know to him it's bustin, so just dap me up and frown on Me and 'Kiss is necessary, that much you can count on, yeah [Bubba Sparxxx] How did him and Bubba rise from this dirt and this cow feces? To show you folks the hope for this changin' shall be me Notice how he see, the picture for it's painting and poured you up of this mixture before it was tainted See I was rydin' ruff only when me and D became acquainted and I pledge to maintain it, be damned if I'ma change it This shit is anus, ain't it? Fuck 'em, Kiss bring it home I ryde or die with Beat Club, won't bend for the sake of this song [Jadakiss] The streets is still mine, I stay with the still nine And it's still on nigga I'm stonger than corn liquor  like I pink-eyed, niggaz pretend to be weeded That's what the industry needed Kiss flippin' his flow, enemies heated But we gon' let the gats pop From the old rifles on the dirt road to the handguns on the blacktop, don't get the plot wrong This ain't a black or white politic thing cocksucker, it's a hot song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Sebastian Album: We at it Again 12" Song: We at it Again (Video Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Lil' Man] (Timbaland) Bounce! Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Fellas, uh, uh) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Now ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Freaky fellas, ah) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Now ladies) Bounce wit' me, bounce wit' me (Freaky fellas) Get crunk, get crunk, get crunk (Freaky, freaky now ladies) Freaky, freaky, freaky [Timbaland] Timbaland never walk in a place He can't walk out of Gettin' rude in the place With a gun in my waist I just might pop out slugs With a straight arm Bullets stomp through your Phat Farm till the animals jump out of No justifications While my song question like that Jigga What? I'm the cause that the thugs gon' fight In the club so tight, y'all KY'd up Sometimes I fall, on cars I just hop right up With the drop top and the top dropped And your mouth drops like "WHAT THE {FUCK?}" Only deal with conjunction chicks When I'm looking to hit They give me butt Now who da man, say Timbaland! [Static](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the one's at the club To the people on the floor (We at it again) Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) [Magoo] Get a fucking watch Like Brat let me see what to hit for 45 g's what I spit for Get more money than y'all Born to ball, go to the mall Take dat off the rack Ain't gotta shop at Rack N Sack I'm a man with a plan to jack Jack your car, jack your ice Jack your house, jack your life Rock ma with a bud tonight You can have the fame, gimme your loot All your tools, all your jewels Mag a fool I'mma blast till I can't blast High from penicillin Not willing to pass out till y'all cash out With a mask out man I'mma break the bank Drive through town in an army tank, y'all wanna see me I'm in Virginia with a house by the lake watching TV in 3D [Static](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the one's at the club To the people on the floor (We at it again) Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top (We at it again) From the candy store to the coffee shop (We at it again) To your girl next door, to your boy next door (We at it again) To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) [Sebastian] Listen to me Sebastian so South that my house got candy doors Man I'll pop a grown chick to Mandy Moore Far from a 6-1 clique dropping yours Slowmo, chrome wheels still riding fourth Keep chicks stationary like I'm leaving on tour Palms grip a snub nose I ain't leaving poor (Whoa! Boy give me more) See I be dippin' and poppin' the top and These fools clockin' and blockin' These ladies lovin' the dough My youngins lovin' the flow South boys back on the roll Ladies get back on the floor Fellas keep throwin' them bowls This how a party should go [Static](Lil' Man) (In background "Get Crunk! Get Crunk! We At It Again!") Now off the top, off the top From the candy store to the coffee shop To your girl next door, to your boy next door To the one's at the club To the people on the floor Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top From the candy store to the coffee shop To your girl next door, to your boy next door To the people at the club To the one's on the floor (We at it again, at it again) Get crunk, get crunk... We at it again Get crunk, get crunk... We at it again [Static](Lil' Man) Now off the top, off the top From the candy store to the coffee shop To your girl next door, to your boy next door To the one's at the club To the people on the floor Hit in one mo' gin Now say off the top, off the top From the candy store to the coffee shop To your girl next door, to your boy next door To the people at the club To the one's on the floor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Why Do Fools Fall in Love soundtrack Song: What the Dealio Typed by: the520@hotmail.com [Timbaland] I see somebody wrote me a letter today Somebody likes me I see that - that somebody likes me But I don't believe it [Verse One] Baby you're my everything Everything I've ever dreamed You're like a nigga in a magazine You almost make me cream See I can't keep control of myself I wanna feel myself It's the heat running through my veins I scream baby you're the best, you're the best [Chorus: repeat 2X] Oh what the dealio, can I speak to you You give me butterflies, oh I'm so scared of you Of what you do to me, are you too true to be You're just a fantasy, you're not reality [Verse Two] Baby you're my fantasy You're the only one I love I'll let you be my baby's dad Let me come and get a hug See here's a little kiss for you I'll let you do what you want to See look at what you do to me Boy I can't get enough, get enough [Chorus] - repeat [Break] Baby you're the one, the one, the one, the one Baby you're the one Look at what you done, you done, you done, you done Look at what you done, look at what you done to me You've made my world shine just like, like the sun Baby you're the one, the one, the one, the one Baby you're the one, baby you're the one [Total] & (Missy) Oh what the dealio,(oh what the dealio) Can I speak to you, (can I speak to you)  You give me butterflies, (you give me butterflies)  oh I'm so scared of you. (oh im so scared of you) Of what you do to me, (what you do to me?)  are you too true to be, (too good to be true) You're just a fantasy, you're not reality [Timbaland] Somebody, somebody likes me (Repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Timbaland, Justin Timberlake Album: Curtis Song: Ayo Technology Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: 50 Cent] Somethin special, unforgettable  50 Cent (Cent) Justin (Tin) Timbaland (Land) God Damn (Damn) She-She-She want it, I wanna give it to her She know that... it's right here for her I wanna, see her break it down I'm ballin, throwin money 'round [Verse 1: 50 Cent] She a workin girl, she work the pole, she break it down, she take it low She fine as hell, she 'bout the dough, she doin her thing out on the flo' Her money money, she make it make it, look at the way she shake it shake it Make you wanna touch it, make you wanna taste it Have you lustin for it goin crazy face it  Now don't stop, get it get it, the way she shake it make you wanna hit it Think she double jointed from the way she split it  Got your head fucked up from the way she did it She so much more than you used to, she know just how to move to seduce you She 'gon do the right thing and touch the right spot And dance in your lap till you ready to pop She always, ready, when you want it she want it Like a nympho, the info, I'll show you where to meet her On the late night, till daylight, the club jumpin If you want a good time, she 'gon give you what you want Let me talk to you [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] Baby your so new age, your like my new craze Let's get together baby we can start a new phase This smoke's got the club all hazy spotlights don't do you justice baby Why don't you come over here? You got me sayin Ayo!!!! I'm tired of usin technology Why don't you sit down on top of me? Ayo!!!! I'm tired of usin technology I need you right in front of me (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, uh, uh, she wants it (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, so I gotta give it to her (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, uh, uh, she wants it (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, so I gotta give it to her [Timbaland] Your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized  Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized  Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized let me tell you girl [Verse 2: 50 Cent] Got a thang for, that thang she got The way she make it tick, the way she make it pop I make it rain for her so she don't stop I ain't got to move, I can sit and watch In the fantasy, it's plain to see, just how it be, her and me Backstrokin, sweat soakin, all into my satin sheets When she ready to ride, I'm ready to roll I'll be in this bitch till the club close Watchin her do her thing on all fours Now that that there should be against the law From side to side, left to right, break it down, down, down Know I like, when your hype, and you throw it all around Different style, different mood, damn I like the way you move Girl you got me thinkin 'bout, all the things I'll do to you Let's get it poppin shawty we could switch positions From the couch to the counters in my kitchen Let me talk to you [Chorus: Justin Timberlake] Baby you so new age, your like my new craze Let's get together baby we can start a new phase This smoke's got the club all hazy spotlights don't do you justice baby Why don't you come over here? You got me sayin Ayo!!!! I'm tired of usin technology Why don't you sit down on top of me? Ayo!!!! I'm tired of usin' technology I need you right in front of me (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, uh, uh, she wants it (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, so I gotta give it to her (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, uh, uh, she wants it (Oooh Oooh!!!) She wants it, so I gotta give it to her [Timbaland] Your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized  Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized  Let me tell you your hips, your thighs, they got me hypnotized let me tell you girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Timbaland Album: Romeo Must Die soundtrack Song: Are You Feeling Me? Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Aaliyah] Hmm, yeah, yeah, hey Oh, hmm yeah, oh yeah I know in my heart I know in my mind We weren't meant to be Are you feeling me yo? I'm the girl in your life I'm the one you call wife And I need to know Are you feeling me yo? Is there anyone else? That can do it the best Give you things you need Well it must be me I've got very good dreams And the fantasies But I need to know Are you feeling me yo? 1 - [Aaliyah]  Boy, are you feeling me?  Cause I'm feeling you  Something in my heart  Tells me you're the one  Boy, are you feeling me?  Cause I'm feeling you  Something in my heart  Are you feeling me yo? [Aaliyah] I'm crazy for you I'm falling for you I've got feelings for you Are you loving me, yo? Tell me if it's our time Do I blow your mind? Cause I need to know Put my life on the line I'mma give you my heart All the love that I own But before I do that Are you feeling me yo? Anything for you Cause I'm big on you But I need to know Are you loving me, yo? Repeat 1 [Aaliyah](Timbaland) Hmm, yeah (Are you feeling us yo?) Hey, ooh (Are you feeling us yo?) Yeah, yeah, yeah (Are you feeling us yo?) Ooh, yeah (Freaky, freaky switch) Are you feeling me baby, baby, yeah (Yo lemme talk to them for a minute) Oh yeah 2 - [Timbaland]  Who is the best?  Making these beats  Who can it be?  Are you feeling us yo?  Are you feeling us yo?  Are you feeling us yo?  Oh, oh Repeat 2 (3x) [Timbaland] You never saw it coming The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Playa, Timbaland Album: Doctor Dolittle soundtrack Song: Are You That Somebody Typed by: MaGoOuShEr@aol.com [Timbaland] Dirty South, can y'all really feel me East coast feel me West coast feel me  (repeat x 2) [Aaliyah - Verse 1 (Playa sings the parentheses)] Boy, I've been watching you like a hawk in the sky that flies, and you were my prey (my prey) Boy, I promise you if we keep bumpin heads  I know that one of these days (days) We gon hook it up while we talk on the phone But see, I don't know if that's good I've been holding back this secret from you I probably shouldn't tell it but Chorus One: Aaliyah If I, if I let you know You can't tell nobody, I'm talkin bout nobody Are you responsible? Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm not just anybody Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody, right now naughty-naughty Say yes or say no Cause I really need somebody, tell me are you that somebody? [Aaliyah] Boy, won't you pick me up at the park right now Up the block, while everyone's sleep (sleeps, sleeps) I'll be waiting there with my trucks, my locs, my hat  Just so I'm low key If you tell the world (Don't speak, you know that would be weak) Oh boy, see I'm trusting you with my heart, my soul I probably shouldn't let you but if I Chorus Two: Aaliyah If I, if I let this go You can't tell nobody, I'm talkin bout nobody Are you responsible? Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm not just anybody Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody, right now naughty-naughty Say yes or say no Cause I really need somebody, tell me are you that somebody? [Timbaland] Baby girl I'm the man from the big VA Won't you come play round my way And listen to what I gotta say Timbaland Don't you know I am the man Rock shows here to Japan Have people shaking-shaking my hand Baby girl, better known as Aaliyah Give me hives, corns, and high fevers Make the playa haters believe us Don'tcha know Gotta tell somebody Cause  [Aaliyah] Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody [Repeat CHORUS 2] [Repeat CHORUS 1] [Instrumental break] [Aaliyah] Is it my goal, is it your goal Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now I'm bout it bout it Cause I really need somebody Tell me are you that somebody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Timbaland Album: Hot Like Fire/The One I Gave My Heart To (CD Single) Song: Hot Like Fire (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Intro: Timbaland] Uh Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh I'mma make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh Baby Girl, what [Verse 1: Aaliyah (Timbaland)] Your hotter than a summer day, in California You got me meltin' like a sundae, I want ya I know you've been wait, you've been waitin a long time for me (I've been waitin, I've been waitin, I've been waitin, what) But if you wait a little while longer, this is how it'll be Oh, it's gonna be... [Chorus: Aaliyah] Hot...like...fire (I'm gonna take you...) Take...you...higher You...can't...resist (When we...) Kiss..kiss..and kiss and kiss and kiss [Verse 2: Aaliyah] You shouldn't rush it, take our time I'll let you know when I'm ready, if that's alright I won't keep you, I won't keep you, I won't keep you holdin on But if you wait on me, I promise you it wont be long Oh, it's gonna be... Repeat Chorus 2x [Bridge: Timbaland] Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire, baby Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot, ha-hot, hot, hot Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it like fire, fire, fire Uh-huh Repeat Chorus 2x [Missy {Aaliyah}] Hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) {Kiss and kiss and kiss} (Repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album One in a Million Song: Ladies in Da House Typed by: the520@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Verse 1: (Aaliyah) I'm talking to my ladies, Across the world Are you looking for a pl-pl-playa?  Tell me what's the word To the east side,  I roll to the west side of town I came to represent, and show you how I get down Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Verse 2: (Aaliyah) Talkin' - talkin' to my fa-fa-fellas across the sea I heard ya looking for a cu-cu-cutie so it must be me I came to party there's no doubt Aaliyah's gonna show you how to turn this mother out Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Bridge: (Aaliyah) Bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl ba-bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl Bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl ba-bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl Verse 3: [Missy] You damn-damn skip skippy  if the track is like paper I'm guaranteed to rip it  smells good here sniff it  I'm lifted nigga no I ain't all so gifted  I'ma let Tim mix it, hit it hit, hit, hit it  Aaliyah the L-I-Y-A-H  step to me mistakably, phatalicious  make three wishes  track - track dirty like dishes  hi-hi hee-hee-hee hi, hee-hee-hee hi, hi-hi-hi oh my Adlibs: [Timbaland] Huh... breakdown Ha, can ya feel us? All the ladies can ya feel us? All the fellas can ya feel us? All the ladies can ya feel us? Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Adlibs: [Timbaland] Aaliyah and Blackground We doin' our thang...just for y'all Timothy signin' out... (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Ginuwine, Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Sprung Soundtrack Song: One in a Million (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) (hmm, what, uh) love me babe (remix, uh) Mmm, love me babe (uh, what, aha) Mmm (what we got here), love me babe (what) Mmm, love me babe (baby girl) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Boy you don't know what you do to me (what, uh) Between me and you I feel a chemistry (say what) I won't let no one come and take your place (what, ah) Cos the love you give can't be replaced (what, sing it, uh) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Your love is a one in a million (uh) It goes on and on and on (sing it, sing it, sing it) Your love is a one in a million (ah) All day long (baby girl, sing it) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Turn me inside out you make my heart beat (what, uh) I need no one else, you're all I need (ah, ah) Personality in everything you do (say what) Makes me love everything bout you 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Your love is a one in a million (what, ah, what) It goes on and on and on, ohh baby Your love is a one in a million, yes (say what) All day long, ooh (ah) 	[Missy] (Timbaland) Aha, aha (say what), love you baby Aha, aha (what), aha, aha Love me baby, aha, uh Come on and rock it baby (why don't you slide it, slide it) Aha, aha (one in a million, just divide it, vide it) L-l-love you baby (you take it out, and I take it out) Uh (Aaliyah, Ginuwine, what) 	[A - Aaliyah / G - Ginuwine] (Timbaland) A - I'll give you anything you want (what) G - Anything you want Aaliyah A - Baby will you promise me (what) A - I'll give you anything you need (uh, Ginuwine) G - Anything you need baby (baby girl) A - Boy I fulfil your fantasies yes I do (what) A - I'll give you anything you want (ah, Ginuwine) G - I'll give my all to you (baby girl) A - Your everything, ooh (what) A - I'll give you anything you need (uh, Ginuwine) G - Anything you want baby A - I said I want you (what) G - Do you need me Aaliyah A - Baby I need you 	[Aaliyah) Your love is a one in a million It goes on and on and on Your love is a one in a million All day long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Timbaland  Album: We Need a Resolution 12" Song: We Need a Resolution Typed by: Original-wun@excite.com Ahh.. uh uh I'm tired of arguing girl I'm tired I'm tired I'm tired huh I'm tired of arguin girl I'm tired I'm tired I'm tired huh I'm tired of arguin girl pricky pricky pricky pricky baby girl [Aaliyah] Did you sleep on the wrong side? I'm catching a bad vibe  And it's contagious What's the latest Speak your heart, don't bite your tongue  Don't get it twisted, don't misuse it  What's your problem? Lets resolve it  We can solve it, what's the causes?  It's official, you got issues  I got issues, but I know I miss you  Am I supposed to change? Are you supposed to change?  Who should be hurt? Who should be blamed?  Am I supposed to change? Are you supposed to change?  Who should be hurt? Who should be ashamed?  Am I supposed to change? Are you supposed to change?  Who should be hurt? Will we remain?  You need a resolution  I need a resolution  We need a resolution We have so much confusion [Aaliyah] I want to know where were you last night?  I fell asleep on the couch, I thought we were going out  I want to know were your fingers broke?  If you had let me know I wouldn't have put on my clothes  I want to know where'd you go instead?  Coz it was four in the morning when you crept back in the bed  I want to know what was in your head?  Or what was in my head? Am I supposed to change?  [Chorus x2] [Aaliyah with Timbaland at end of each line] Baby let me know, You'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  You'll let me know, you'll let me know (I will)  [Timbaland] Girl, holla... You give me bits and pieces  You tryna blame me when I don't even know the reason  I think it's just the season, maybe the month, maybe the dealing  Now tell me what's the reason? Snoop video? Looks are deceiving So, cut the crying, Cut the coughing, cut the weezing girl  Quit the blaming, Cut the naming, Cut the sleeping girl  I think you need some prayer, Better call the deacon girl  So get your act right or else we won't be speaking girl  So what's it gonna be (pricky pricky) Me and you? Or is it gonna be who blames who?  I'm tired of these things, I'm tired of these scars  I think I'm gonna get me a drink, I'll call you tomarr', whoa (*music fades*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Timbaland Album: Try Again 12" Song: Try Again Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Timbaland] It's been a long time We shouldn't have left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to Step to, step to Freaky-freaky It's been a long time We shouldn't have left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to Step to, step to Freaky-freaky, baby girl uh [Aaliyah] What would you do? To get to me What would you say? To have your way Would you give up? Or try again If I hesitated To let you in Now would you be yourself Or play your role Tell all the boys I keep you low If I saw no Would you turn away? Or play me off Or would you stay, oh, oh 1  And if at first you don't succeed  Then dust yourself off and try again  You can dust it off and try again, try again  Cause if at first you don't succeed  You can dust it off and try again  Dust yourself off and try again, try again (and again) [Aaliyah] I'm in to you You into me But I can't let it go So easily Not till I see Whether this could be Could be eternally Or just a week Ay yo our chemistry Is off the chain It's perfect now But will it change? This ain't a yes This ain't a no Just do your thing We'll see how it go, oh, oh Repeat 1 [Aaliyah] See you don't wanna throw it all away I might be shy on the first date What about the next date? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? I said you don't wanna throw it all away I might be buggin' on the first date What about the next date? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Repeat 1 (2x) [Aaliyah] If at first you don't succeed You can dust it off and try again Dust yourself off and try again, try again Cause if at first you don't succeed You can dust it off and try again You can dust it off and try again, try again (and again) [Timbaland] Check it, uh It's been a long time We shouldn't have left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to Step to, step to Freaky-freaky It's been a long time We shouldn't have left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to Step to, step to Freaky-freaky Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Sebastian, Sin & Timbaland Album: Try Again (CD Single) Song: Try Again (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com  [Aaliyah] What would you do to get to me What would you say to have your way Would you give up or try again If I hesitate to let you in Now would you be yourself or play a role Tell all the boys I keep your love If I say no would you turn away Or play me off or would you stay, ohh, oh  [Aaliyah] And if at first you don't succeed, first you don't succeed Dust yourself off and try again You can dust it off and try again, try again Cos if at first you don't succeed, first you don't succeed You can dust it off and try again Dust yourself off and try again, try again  [Aaliyah] I'm into you you into me But I can't let it go so easily Not till I see what this could be Could be eternity or just a week, oh Ay, yo our chemistry is off the chain It's perfect now but will it change This ain't a yes this ain't a no Just do your thing we'll see how we go, ohh, oh  [Aaliyah] And if at first you don't succeed (yeah) Dust yourself off and try again (again) You can dust it off and try again, try again (yeah) Cos if at first you don't succeed (ooh) You can dust it off and try again (try again) Dust yourself off and try again, try again (yeah)  [Aaliyah] Said you don't wanna throw it all away I might be shy on the first date What about the next date Ohh, ohh, ohh, ohh Said you don't wanna throw it all away I might be buggin on the first date What about the next date Ohh, ohh, ohh, ohh  [Aaliyah] And if at first you don't succeed Dust yourself off and try again You can dust it off and try again, try again Cos if at first you don't succeed (first you don't succeed) You can dust it off and try again Dust yourself off and try again, try again (again, again)  [Sin] If I burn anything I'm burnin the track The remix and y'all gon' be spinnin it back Like one two, me and Tim spittin it up Like twist ? Philly livin it up Crash the bar in the Jaguar With no crash a one-ninety flash car Livin the life so I spit on the dice  [Sebastian] Like send us a bash and ain't treatin em right Like keep a stash that's the number one law And here's the coach back I wanna be up in your bra Gave your friends competence sprayin the John Paul Hennesseys and when I leave I don't go to the mall I take you to a place with fur coats and stores Put your hands in some gloves, put that Christian Dior With the snow caps, Gucci frames, push back In the Cadillac, black that, now watch your back  [Aaliyah] Ohh, yeah, yeah Baby, hey, yeah Again, again Ohh  [Aaliyah] And if at first you don't succeed (first you don't succeed) Dust yourself off and try again You can dust it off and try again, try again Cos if at first you don't succeed (first you don't succeed) You can dust it off and try again Dust yourself off and try again, try again (again, again)  [Timbaland] It's been a long time We shouldn't a left you, left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to, step, step to, step to, fricky fricky  [Timbaland] It's been a long time We shouldn't a left you, left you Without a dope beat to step to Step to, step to, step to, step, step to, step to, fricky fricky The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Valentino f/ Timbaland Album: Special Occasion Song: Anonymous Typed by: Matw95@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Bobby Valentino] For a minute it was looking like I'd end up one of those guys Spending my whole life Looking for a special lady to save me Maybe I'll never be satisfied Had a couple bad lucks and a couple dimes Now that I'm looking for you Why are you so hard to find? [Chorus 1: Bobby Valentino] I thought I took one step I took two back I'm not even close this time And thats a fact All I know is that we'd be the perfect match So where you at love? I just gotta find you, yeah. [Chorus 2: Bobby Valentino] I wanna know, I wanna know Your name, Your name, Your name Why you gotta be anonymous? I gotta know, I gotta know Your name, your name, your name Why you gotta be anonymous? Baby, I want you so much Wanna hold, wanna feel your touch Come fast girl I'm in a rush Why you gotta be anonymous? I wanna know, I gotta know Your name, your name, your name Why you gotta be anonymous? [Bridge 1: Bobby Valentino] (Girl) What's your name? (Anonymous) Where you at? (Anonymous) When I think about you I get a rush I wanna meet my Miss Anonymous [VERSE 2] Only see you when I close my eyes We on borrowed time When I delayed the sunlight Everything I tried to tell you I failed to Maybe I'll tell you another time How you keeping me so pre-occupied Got a strong hold on me Pay me no never mind [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] [Bridge 1] [Verse 3: Timbaland] Is your name Mary Anne (Mary Anne) Or Kathy Lee? (Or Kathy Lee?) Wanna hold my hand? (Wanna hold my hand?) Come get with me (Come get with me) Which dime wanna ride? (Which dime wanna ride?) Everything on me (Everything on me) Girl, you ain't gotta lie (Girl, you ain't gotta lie) Tell me what's it gon' be (Tell me what's it gon' be) [Bridge 2: Timbaland] (Bobby Valentino) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) I gotta know (I gotta know) Bobby V, Bobby V, Timothy, Timothy Tell them bring in the hook baby [Chorus 2] [Bridge 1 to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brandy f/ Timbaland Album: Afrodisiac Song: Sirens Typed by: flashbox222@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] Ooh, I love the way ya Work ya body, body Hot like ???  When I'm out to party Come here, shorty Come here show me Damn, I can't wait to see What you got for me You know I gotta Stay beside ya Never tired, can't keep quiet Can't deny it, it's like a riot When I'm with you Everything catches fire [Hook] You're my escape from the rain Let's embrace You're my grace You're my fate Can't let you get away Darling, you're my escape from the pain Let's embrace You're my faith You're my praise Can't let you get away Ooh, hot like California Maybe like down in Florida Baby, I don't plan on borin' ya I promise ya, promise ya Hot like down in New Orleans Maybe like up in the islands Me and you, we set off sirens Sirens, sirens [Verse 2] Boy, you got me on a Higher ground, but, boy Don't get me started So whole-hearted Higly regaurded Can't be modest Left the dark to turn to ya ??? So abolished Loves a challenge You keep me balanced Since you see me smilin' There's no silence We're always wildin' When I needed it It's your number I'll be dialin' [Hook] [Timbaland] I'm over top of you Like an umbrella Come, baby, get with this young fella Like the wind just blowin' on ya hot propeller Is that your girl lookin' hurt? I think she gettin' jealous Hey, baby, we be like two mocking birds Me and you exchanging nasty words Come here, shorty, let's see how nasty works Body to body, soul to soul, let's emerge Come on [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Dark Days, Bright Nights Song: Get Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bubba Sparxxx] Get your ass up.. get your ass up.. get your ass up.. I hear your car keys jinglin, go 'head and crank it up Spent a thousand on the liquor but tonight it ain't enough Cause this town is full of drankers and they all hang with us Grabbed Betty by the arm, told her man, "Stay in touch" We takin this one all the way from Athens to Virginia Hit Timmy for a hundred - that's the last one I'ma lend ya Ol' girl wanna kick it but she not on my agenda Did I ever love her? Well, not that I remember Twerk that, work that, Betty where your purse at? Snatch daddy's credit cards, here take his shirt back Where the hell my car at, does anybody know? If it ain't back in five, everybody gotta go Ah to hell with it, y'all keep that little Honda I'm waitin on some Beams from this bitch named Yolanda Y'all lookin all tired shit I'm just wakin up By the way when you get up out my bed, make it up [Chorus: repeat 2X] [T] Boy take that shot [B] I'll take that shot [T] Girl hit tonight [B] I'll hit tonight [T] Boy crank this spot [B] I'll crank this spot [T] Girl get me right [B] I'll get you right [Bubba Sparxxx] Aight, get your ass out my bed I'm through playin You wanna stay the night - what the hell is you sayin? I ain't tryin to come across to you as inconsiderate But momma always said if you don't love it then get rid of it Besides, I got thirty dogs waitin in the yard They gotta eat too girl, don't make it hard I'm kinda difficult to understand at first contact Offered you a beer, don't be expectin much beyond that Aww shit, y'all quit, I'm winnin Drownin in a pool of alcohol and I'm swimmin You wanna play with me but can't last nine innings Since you wanna chase, what you like, lime, lemon? I'll make an open challenge tot his whole industry We can do it with tequila, bourbon gin or Hennessy Have you butt naked pukin in a purple limousine I ain't doin shit but drankin do some rappin in between [Timbaland] We lit tonight (ain't we) She gettin right (ain't she) We ain't gon' stop (is we) Until we all (dizzy) [Bubba Sparxxx] I walked in like a star and I ain't even with Timmy Stop bein hard, baby girl I give plenty I seem like a prick cause I got some shit in me Grab your long johns, boy it's gettin a bit windy You really wanna know the secret to this white pimpin? Though I might love 'em, I don't really like women New the next day and finally the night ended Lookin back on it that shit was quite splendid [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Hey (A Lil' Gratitude) 12" Song: Hey (A Lil' Gratitude) Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com Yeah I'm a country boy, but I'm a player too All up in your city flexin' down the avenue But I ain't mad at you dog, that's what I had to do That least that you could do is gimme a lil' gratitude Hey, everybody wanna say hey, Timmy Get into it or be on your way, hey And I really hate it came to this How else can I say it, I don't speak no other languages I came to do two things, kick some ass And drink some coke, yeah, and I'm almost out of beer Looky here, we damned if every other year He ain't stumble back in, Bubba, baby that's him I love me some me, and I don't mind you Shoot ya move dog, we lovin' whatcha tryin'a do Just do it over there, I feel some ? away I guess what I'm tryin'a say is I ain't got no time to play I might just die today, I might just live forever I done endured being poor but being rich is better From that dirt road in the grange I did came A long way, we can do this all day Yeah I'm a country boy, but I'm a player too All up in your city flexin' down the avenue But I ain't mad at you dog, that's what I had to do That least that you could do is gimme a lil' gratitude Hey, everybody wanna say hey Get into it or be on your way, hey And I really hate it came to this How else can I say it, I don't speak no other languages Hey, everybody wanna say hey Get into it or be on your way, hey And I really hate it came to this How else can I say it, I don't speak no other languages Ain't no excuses, just gotta be more the shit Than I already was and that's unfortunate For all these babblers, still booty chatterers This what a rapper was supposed to be and that's what's up Country this, yeah yeah, country that I'm a country cat, it's just a fact, can't run from that Keep high, a bunch out back, now watch the money stack Hide in the hay, in the barn out on the farm I can charm, the fangs off a cotton mouth Right there by my house way out in the south Know what I'm talkin' bout, it would appear no Girl who's that zero, I am the hero, y'all Yeah I'm a country boy, but I'm a player too All up in your city flexin' down the avenue But I ain't mad at you dog, that's what I had to do That least that you could do is gimme a lil' gratitude Hey, everybody wanna say hey Get into it or be on your way, hey And I really hate it came to this How else can I say it, I don't speak no other languages Hey, everybody wanna say hey Get into it or be on your way, hey And I really hate it came to this How else can I say it, I don't speak no other languages Yeah yeah it's Bubba K, I plans to give 'em hell Yesiree I did my thang and I did it well I walk the walk baby, and all that daddy tells I ain't even noticed my skin, damn, is it pale Oh well, I guess that how it go Now I know, move right along down the row Another good morning, another breath of air Dude I don't ask for much, still I got blessings everywhere And I ain't scared to share, you can have my last But you ever diss on me and mine that's yo ass You hear that thang beatin', Timmy still speakin' That's how real I keep it, everything else our little secret, whoa Yeah I'm a country boy, but I'm a player too All up in your city flexin' down the avenue But I ain't mad at you dog, that's what I had to do That least that you could do is gimme a lil' gratitude The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Deliverance (CD-S) Song: Lose Your Mind Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Yo, come on, come on, Bubba let's go Yo, come on, Bubba let's go Uh, frickity, Bubba let's go Bubba, B-Bubba, B-Bubba, B-Bubba let's go [Bubba Sparxxx] Y'all don't know, y'all ain't heard, well here it come again Bring the rain, blow the wind, and roll the thunder in We gon' live, we gon' die and everythang between Y'all the fire, country girl, don't say she ain't a queen Bubba said it, Bubba meant it, and that's just all it is He's so south, he's so slow, I hope you fall for this Me and P-D up in Riley, oh that's a true event Doing all of them thangs you lames do resent Y'all ain't foolin' with this (oh), don't even bother with that (oh) I'm the hardest of these (oh), like my father for that (whoo) Talkin' slick indirectly as if you really want it That old boy don't be snappin', it just sound silly don't it Run and shine up the coast, it's like the early twenties What you done the whole day I did in thirty minutes Boy don't run from me, it won't hurt you at all Bubba walkin' the walk, y'all just learnin' to crawl [Timbaland] Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) [Bubba Sparxxx] They still here, I be damned if they be losing patience Get yo ass off my porch or else the blues await ya No more deer, no more geese, we huntin' close minded Some bitches want some bidness well you can sure find it The new south is alive and well inside of Bubba Made his soul hurt in him, don't seem to mind each other Thank you Lord for the blessings that you bestowed upon This old boy from down there, I bought a golden pond See they wanted to hate it, but they learnin' to love it Timmy check on that fire, don't let it burn in the oven Drankin' liquor, thankin' quicker that mostly y'all imagine After this, where's yo crib, I just might call a cabin On the lake, next to mama, my sister Ginge and them Have 'em sayin' Timmy's cracker, yeah we remember him Come on Betty make it jump I make ya work it wild Slurp it up, swallow somethin', you get a perfect smile [Timbaland] Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) [Bubba Sparxxx] But I'm here for the long haul y'all But that just ain't a fact, naw, naw Them old boys made her take it all off You ain't got enough heart, naw, naw Lose your mind, find your spirit and let your life begin Say they just drank and smoke, well is you mice or man We them folks takin' three when y'all was takin' one Still I don't go to war totin' the naked gun Please pardon me people, I'm still finding myself Put on it's been a while, and rewind it to def Listen closely when I babble cause I done stand the demon In his eyes, and his smile like I was glad to leave him [Timbaland] Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) [Timbaland] Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind Now lose your mind, lose your mind (I'm a lose it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Dark Days, Bright Nights Song: Lovely Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bubba] Here it comes again [Timmy] Come on, come on [Bubba] Here it comes again [Timmy] Come on, come on [Bubba Sparxxx] Don't I look extra slick in this Nautica? Just think, it was you that she bought it for Now you lookin through receipts tryin to audit her? Man that shit ain't really happen, I thought it up, call her up Cuss that little groupie out anyhow (uhh) I coulda done it shit I'm fuckin with Timmy now (uhh) If I had her it just woulda been in and out (uhh) Back in that Escalade, we spinnin out, women shout Bubba brought some shit and we noticed it Got them hoes stuck listenin motionless Please don't think of me as a chauvinist But I am on fire and I'm knowin this, blowin this whole landscape to fragments And yeah you heard right I'm in Athens Can't hardly keep up with these fashions That's why forever Ralph Lauren's my passion, ask him [Chorus 2X: Bubba] + (Timmy) Just gimme a minute (gimme a minute) I betcha everything'll turn out lovely (lovely) Just gimme a minute (gimme a minute) I'ma be a-ight just trust me (trust me) [Bubba Sparxxx] Fuck weak cash, I get mine on the slow roll Beat Club eleven thou' is the logo I ain't too far removed from the hobos Tryin to help 'em so I gotta get more dough, oh no! Bubba K done got in the zone boy That's Timmy's Bentley dawg get your own toy And as far as ladies go J lockin that Now that that's clear, where the vodka at? Bring it back I'll be takin drunkard to Stonewall Tell Jed hold my phone calls He say he wanna run but he gon' crawl You heard "Get Right" I done told y'all, don't stall Let's keep this thang movin okay bud? {Man Bubba ain't snappy} Now say what? I can see why they gon' hate us Cause we all up in they grill like breakers [Bubba Sparxxx] Boy you ain't blowin nuttin but hot air All on the charts, how you got there? Then again, ain't no secret it's not fair But Bubba got 'em single the top scared, stop there Met this little Betty through Demon Jones And she love to slurp it up 'til the semen's gone She must like the taste, she won't leave me 'lone That might sound sick but to each your own, freak it on All types of kinky lil' fetishes All stimulants and all sedatives Got interracial sense but I'm devilish And Betty when I aim I never miss, tell 'em this Bubba don't run with no lame ducks Think he got a big dick but he can't fuck That's why when you call us you hang up And I just shot a load on that same slut [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Timbaland] Gimme a minute.. gimme a minute.. gimme a minute.. trust me Gimme a minute.. gimme a minute.. lovely Gimme a minute.. gimme a minute.. I'm in this ugly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Dark Days, Bright Nights Song: Ugly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Uhh.. uh-oh, uh-oh Tch-tchka-tchka-tchka-tchka uhh Uh-oh, uh-oh Tchka-tchka uhh Uh-oh, uh-oh Say what, say what? Freaky freaky uhh Tchka-tchka-tchka-tchka Bubba [Bubba Sparxxx] Shit I ain't choose to rhyme; rhymin chose me So I hit the track runnin - like a nosebleed Life ain't great now, but it's much improved Yo' album droppin this summer? That sucks for you Cause this is Bubba's moment - I put my mother on it I said my momma; it seems as if I love her don't it? So buckle up, cause it's gon' get bumpy I call my girlfriends Betty's, and my shits grumpies That Bubba talk - gotcha open wide I giggle outside the booth; but ain't no joke inside This is complicated - at least to y'all it is Just let me sell fifty million, then I'll call it quits But until that day, y'all in deep doo doo I never once saw you crank it cause I just leap through you What you need to do, is just admit you love me The South has always been Dirty but now it's gettin ugly Uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here! Huh, in here! Huh, in here! It's gon' get uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here! Huh, in here! Huh, in here! It's gon' get uglyyyyyyyyyy, uglyyy, uglyyy In here! Huh, in here! It's gon' get uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here! Huh, in here! Huh, in here - uh-ohh! [Bubba Sparxxx] Though I am country, don't get the wrong idea My ego's gettin bigger, with every song I hear Cause y'all been bullshittin, spittin that booty chatter Out here for two days and came with somethin that truly matters On goes the saga - of Bubba's plight She won't see tomorrah, if I don't cut tonight That's just my mood now; I hate it came to this How else can I say it I don't speak no other languages I'm fairly ripped now, so this the jimmy talkin You hear that beat don'tcha? That's just Timmy talkin Go 'head throw dem bows - fuck it, break a bottle Let's be honest none of us will ever date a model So let's just cut it loose, ignore the repercussions If you scared, then just forget what we discussin This that new South - take a picture of me Cause I'm a fuckin legend, and this is gettin ugly [Bubba Sparxxx] Now this thang is jumpin - ain't it somethin? What makes it special, this whole moment came from nothin Now you see it triples; I bet she slurp tonight Lames hide your wallets hatin broads clutch your purses tight If you ain't tryin to live, you with the wrong crowd And if you feelin brave then better sport that thong proud And if you finally breathin, then sing this song loud I'm glad I got you wet I know you had a long drought Don't worry about the law - they can't arrest us all I had to crank couldn'ta done nothin less for y'all Forget your inhibitions; I wanna see you whylin And if Bubba dies tonight - know he was smilin [Timbaland] Ha ha, it's gon' get (uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here!) Thck-thck (Huh, in here! Huh, in here!) It's gon' get (uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here!) (Huh, in here! Huh, in here!) It's gon' get (uglyyyyyyyyyy) say what? (Uglyyy, uglyyy) Say what? (Uglyyy!) In here! Huh, in here! (It's gon' get uglyyyyyyyyyy - in here!) (Huh, in here! Huh, in here - uh-ohh!) Thcka-thcka-thcka-thcka-thcka check switch uhh {*"Get Ur Freak On" beat*} Switch it one time  {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} Now switch it back baby {*"Get Ur Freak On" beat*} Switch it one time  {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} Now switch it back baby "Holla!! Ain't no stoppin me" -> Missy "Copywritten so" (so what?) "don't copy me"  {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} I want you to.. "Holla!! Ain't no stoppin me" -> Missy "Copywritten so, don't copy me" C'mon Bubba, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Ms. Jade and Timbaland Album: Ugly (Remix) 12" Song: Ugly (Remix) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com (Chorus - Timbaland) Beat Club Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now, Timbaland, uh Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now, Bubba Sparxxx, uh Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now, Ms. Jade, uh Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the, oh (Verse 1 - Ms. Jade) I don't start shit, but I'm quick to finish Destroy, demolish, ruin, Ms. Jade abide the business I know y'all like who is this young Philly gunness Coming for everyone, Mrs. Jackson and both her sons The battles already won, I don't think ya'll understanding me I just pick 'em out randomly, abusing what they hand to me Use the gift that grinning me, humble so I don't damage me I do it for the money, but mainly it's for my family Niggas is not ready for what's about to happen Female captain, coming out jabbing Cocksucka sleeping that's exactly how it happens Get ugly drunk with Bubba out in Athens Right foot on the gas and left hand on the wheel Beat Club shut it down so niggas mad for real We doin' it any way, y'all rhymes is kiddie play Silly puddy, young buddy, we don't got friends dummy (Chorus - Timbaland) It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em (Verse 2 - Bubba Sparxxx) Though I am country, don't get the wrong idea My ego's gettin bigger, with every song I hear Cause y'all been bullshittin, spittin that booty chatter Out here for two days and came with somethin that truly matters On goes the saga, of Bubba's plight She won't see tomorrow, if I don't cut tonight That's just my mood now, I hate it came to this How else can I say it I don't speak no other languages I'm fairly ripped now, so this the jimmy talkin You hear that beat don'tcha that's just Timmy talkin Go 'head throw dem bows, fuck it, break a bottle Let's be honest none of us will ever date a model So let's just cut it loose, ignore the repercussions If you scared, then just forget what we discussin This that new South, take a picture of me Cause I'm a fuckin legend, and this is gettin ugly (Chorus - Timbaland) It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em (Verse 3 - Ms. Jade) I don't won't much, just what's do to me Ignore gibberish, babble, and talking stupidly Throwing second chances, it's kinda slim to none I'd like to see what y'all thinking after my verse is done I'm sorta different now, from my younger days My attitude is adjusted cause on the mic I blaze Oh how I just love it, when they get upset Get or, haul ass on, that's your best bet They say love and hate, it go hand and hand Ms. Jade, never worry bout the next man I gotta think the past, but the futures better Never catch me off, my game's always whatever I ain't selfish but, I won't my own money I ain't never been Joe, but I can make you love me Now you can melt of that ice, or you cloud pour out that bubbly Believe the words that I'm saying this shit is gonna get ugly (Chorus - Timbaland) It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em It's gone get ugly, ugly, ugly, ugly It's gone get ugly Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em To the beat now Shock the monkey wit 'em, shock the monkey wit 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bubba Sparxxx f/ Timbaland Album: Dark Days, Bright Nights Song: Twerk a Little Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bubba] Feel me [Timbaland] Uhh! .. Uhh! C'mon, c'mon, ah c'mon, ah c'mon Catch me on a, backroad, or cookin in your momma's house In your daughter's guts, or just spazzin out Me and Bubba know what the hell we talkin 'bout Pickin up Betty's like they was beans and brussel sprouts We got the clout to make you bounce a little We got the clout to make you down this pickle, until you gettin tickled C'mon Bubba let's surround this biddle While you work the back bit Timbaland work the middle Uh-oh, uh-oh! I see ya see ya smile Uh-oh, uh-oh! Down comes your blouse Timb' been around 'em all From white to black, even magnoli-all To hit 'em in project halls In back of the streets maybe right in front of y'all (ha ha ha) Timb' and Bubba is a problem y'all It's like hip-hop, meets effin Tim McGraw We two fools and don't take no mess Bench lumber logs just to work the chest He's country finest, I'm country best Puttin lights out train, just get in that dress, now c'mon [Chorus 2X: Timbaland] Twerk a little, twerk a little, let me see you drop it Work the middle, work the middle, let me see you pop it Go on! Witcha bad self C'mon! Witcha bad self [Bubba Sparxxx] I brought enough with me to start this bitch a college fund Fitted Boy and Polo, and she ain't even got a son Timmy kind of shy, told me to tell you drop it some Here Betty, take this grand, get your monthly shoppin done You can shake for dem but bet that you don't profit none I got a coochie fart fetish, baby pop me one While you by the bar I grab your boy a shot of rum I'm the shit to the point you gotta stop I got the runs Uh-oh, uh-oh! Why they all on Timmy? Uh-oh, uh-oh! Ten grand is all they give me Still got a grand left, can I let my hand rest right there on your damn chest, fondlin your tan breast I might just snap back and cuss a broad But this bitch is truly blessed so I must applaud In and out of every club in less than a hour Sprinkle on a little Pervis like I'm fresh out the shower Ohhhh! And rest assured Timmy runnin with Bubba We gettin slurped by two sluts right in front of each other And we'll probably do the same thang next Monday evening I gotta ride this Bentley home cause Timmy's out so we leavin, bye [female singer] I see you, lookin out the corner of your eye Come up here and rub up on my thigh [Timbaland] I'm comin baby as fast as I can So while you're waitin won'tcha go 'head and talk to my man, uh [female singer] I see you, lookin out the corner of your eye Come up here and rub up on my thigh [Bubba] Thank you Timmy, I don't mind yo' sloppy seconds But when I send her back to you I bet we both infected [female singer] I see you, lookin out the corner of your eye Come up here and rub up on my thigh [Timbaland] Bubba won'tcha just do what I tell ya She got some good snapper (yes she do) damnit didn't I tell ya? [female singer] I see you, lookin out the corner of your eye Come up here and rub up on my thigh .. Won't you put in my mouth, won't you put in my mouth? [Bubba] Now, that's what I'm talkin 'bout! [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cee-Lo f/ Timbaland Album: Cee-Lo Green is The Soul Machine  Song: I'll Be Around Typed by: QuriousGeorge7@aol.com [Timbaland] Oh! Cee-Lo...you ready to rock wit Timbo? Oh! Let's go boy! ATL, talk to em Lo... [Verse 1 - Cee-Lo] How could I possibly, be inconspicuous When my flow is fuckin ridiculous? That's quite an accent, see I'm from the south Where some of the most beautiful things come out my mouth And I'm on stage just as soon as I come out the house So I might as well give them somethin to talk about I bust a rap to make a blind man believe in the boogey And if you came here to move the Cee then the boogey on [Chorus - Tim (Cee)] When you want me to come (Holla) When you want me to come (Call me!) When you want me to come (I'll be around) (When you want me to come, yeah, woo! Holla) When you want me to come (Holla) When you want me to come (Call me!) When you want me to come (I'll be around) [Verse 2 - Timbaland] Here comes Timbaland, I'm also from the south I like them girls with big butts, and golds in they mouth I come from the back road, and a dirty house If you leave the door open, moms'll cuss ya out I got a big dog in the front yard Best buh-lieve that bitch bite hard I gotta grand daddy who think he Joe Clark And that's how we do it round these parts, Oh! [Verse 3 - Cee-Lo] You see, I do what they wont do and cant do But gon wish they did when I'm done And with a smile on my face, give the trophy for second place rite after I won Shake his hand, firm like a man but talk to him like a son And this way I can still be a little somethin to everyone And with that elegance, I rock climb to reach hints from God of relevance Poise, position, and the plush of a revalance And I'm outstandin, outpsoken, which is the unequivocal evidence It is then instant vintage as it has been, ever since, ah! [Chorus x2] Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! Uh ooh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo  Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! uh ooh, them niggaz bouta get some mo dough Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! Uh ooh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! uh ooh, them niggaz bouta get some mo dough Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! Uh ooh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Tim-Bo!) Oh No, uh oh, them niggaz bouta get some mo dough Uuhh Ooh! Oh no! Uh ooh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Tim-Bo!) Oh No, uh ooh! them niggaz bouta get some mo dough (We Out...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kiley Dean f/ Timbaland Album: Make Me a Song 12" Song: Make Me a Song Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Timbaland] What you hear is not a test What you hear is not a test What you hear is not a test What you hear is not a test 	[Kiley Dean] I'm on a mission Sun is out, my skin is glistening Got my jeans on, tank top, chillin' With my girlfriends, lookin' fabulous My tan is just amazing Turn it up, that song is blazing (call me) I'm headed to L-A and Gotta make sure I ask Timbaland 	[Kiley Dean] (Timbaland) Can you give me a song like rock the boat (ok) Rock the boat (ok), rock the boat (ok) Can you give me a song that you and Missy wrote (yes) Missy wrote (ok), Missy wrote (ow) Something like Get Ur Freak On Cause Kiley needs something to sing on Make me something I can get my groove on (ah) Something I can get my groove on (ah, ah) 	[Kiley Dean] (Timbaland) 3 O'clock, hit the studio Timbaland is playing (Hootnanny) kinda low Feel the love in the room soon as I hit the door Bubba's pacing around gettin ready to flow Tim is in the corner doing a track Bobbing his head, I know he's feeling that Take his headphones off and he looks my way And he asks me what I wanna do and I say 	[Kiley Dean] (Timbaland) Can you give me a song like rock the boat (ok) Rock the boat (ok), rock the boat (ok) Can you give me a song that you and Missy wrote (ok) Missy wrote (ok), Missy wrote (ow) Something like Get Ur Freak On Cause Kiley needs something to sing on Make me something I can get my groove on Something I can get my groove on 	[Kiley Dean] (Timbaland) And then he asked if I liked this Or do you like this But do you like this And then he flipped it And then we start to move We're getting in the groove He says it's just for you (yeah) And I'm glad I asked, whoa 	[Kiley Dean] (Timbaland) Can you give me a song like rock the boat (ok) Rock the boat (ok), rock the boat (ok) Can you give me a song that you and Missy wrote (ok) Missy wrote (ok), Missy wrote (ow) Something like Get Ur Freak On Cause Kiley needs something to sing on Make me something I can get my groove on Something I can get my groove on 	[Kiley Dean] Can you give me a song like rock the boat Rock the boat, rock the boat Can you give me a song that you and Missy wrote Missy wrote, Missy wrote Something like Get Ur Freak On Cause Kiley needs something to sing on Make me something I can get my groove on Something I can get my groove on 	[Timbaland] Oh, I think I got something for you Oh, I think I got something for you Oh, ha, I think I got something for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Timbaland Album: Say My Name 12" Song: Say My Name (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Heh-he, yeah You want me to say your name, right? Alright, uh, uh 1  [Destiny's Child]  (Ooh) You better say my name  (Ooh) Cause something feels strange  (Ooh) Oh my man will complain  (Ooh) I'm just asking you to say my name [Beyonce'][Timbaland] (Hey what's up yo?) See usually when I call you You say "Hey baby" oh (What'cha talking 'bout) But now this time You're only mumbling to me, oh yeah (You can't hear me, alright) I know it ain't me something seems funny (Naw ain't nothing going on) So tell me now Forever, hold your peace (Tell you what? What'cha talking bout?) Is that a girl I hear next to you, ooh? Don't make me come and crash your party, baby (Na-uh don't do that) The game is on so I know you ain't leaving, leaving (It's almost over though) On my way unless I hear you say, oh baby (Hold on don't come, don't come) Repeat 1 [Beyonce'](Timbaland) Oh (Yo what'cha doing later?) Why does it feel like you're trying to rush me (Well now you know I wouldn't do that girl, come on now) And don't leave the room I hear it getting quiet, oh yeah (You hear that TV in tha background) I still remember when you tried to on me (Oh your girl tried it on him right?) So tell the truth I wish you'd quit trying to play these game, oh (You trippin' now) It's about to be over if I can't come over (You can come over in a little while, not right now) Boy you must think I'm a fool or something (I think you're the smartest girl in the world come on now) Listen at your voice, see you're sounding shady (I sound calm like I always do what's up?) Then prove it to me and let me hear you say my name, oh (I'm saying now baby) Repeat 1 [Destiny's Child] Say my name Something ain't the same You're homie paged Boy you've been acting kind of strange Say my name Something's done changed I'm not absurd I'm waiting for you to explain Say my name Something ain't the same You're homie paged Boy you've been acting kind of strange Say my name Save the games I'm just asking you to say my name [Timbaland](Beyonce') What I'mma do baby is get off this phone (Oh yeah-yea-yeah) Cause I see you trippin' right now (Oh yeah-yea-yeah, yeah) Give you some time to yourself Let you think a little bit (Oh yeah-yea-yeah, yeah) I hope you change your mind right about now [Beyonce'] Say my name, say my name When no one is around you Say "Baby, I love you" If you ain't running games Say my name, say my name You actin' kind of shady In callin' me baby Why the sudden change? Say my name, say my name When no one is around you Say "Baby, I love you" If you ain't running games Say my name, say my name Say my name, yeah Say my name, say my name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Timbaland Album: Why Do Fools Fall in Love soundtrack Song: Get On the Bus Typed by: BraNdiCaMiLLe22@aol.com [Timbaland] Uhh...Uh...Hey baby - How you? Why ya face lookin' all sad and blue? Don't you like the Navigator truck I brought you? Why you tryin' to act a fool? Don't try to say you see me talkin' to ya girlfriend Ask Tonya and Cheryl then give me a place, and time and when Don't try to accuse me of silly stuff I'm doin' on the street You gotta remember, without you, there's no me I'm just a average man, tryin' to make it in this cold world Tell me baby, why you trippin'....giiirrrl [Beyonce] I don't wanna fuss with you - So I'm gonna sit out on the couch Don't try to talk to me - Cause boy I am lockin' you out I don't wanna hear a thang - Nothin' you got to say You should thank twice about the way you been talkin' to me Better catch a cab Get on the bus I ain't time - Talkin' all that stuff Give back my stuff - Is this what you want? I don't really care cause there's no more us! (2x) Oohh, Oohh [Kelly] Ain't got no words for you - So you can stop callin' my friends Tellin' them it wasn't ya fault - And why I ain't lettin' you in Too many times before - I let you back in my life But this is a new day - And this won't go down tonight Better catch a cab Get on the bus I ain't time - Talkin' all that stuff Give back my stuff - Is this what you want? I don't really care cause there's no more us! (2x) Oohh, Oohh, Oohh, Oohh Oohh, Oohh, Oohh, Oohh Oohh, Oohh, Oohh, Oohh Oohh, Oohh, Oohh, Oohh [Timbaland] Say what?...uhh...uhh Introduce you to Dolce & Gobanna Advance you from dirt bikes to Hondas Took you from that terrible stress Now you tellin' me that I am a bother What kind of mess is that to tell a man who put you on his team  That's just like killin' a dream - (No, No baby) - That's how it seems I work hard to put up what I have of you I pray to God there's not another man between me and you So just tell me - There's no need to lie fo' Why you talkin' wit ya eyes closed? You don't wanna talk? Aight yo! Aight yo! [Timbaland hummin'] Better catch a cab Get on the bus I ain't time - Talkin' all that stuff Give back my stuff - Is this what you want? I don't really care cause there's no more us! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dirtbag f/ Timbaland Album: Here We Go 12" Song: Here We Go Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Dirtbag & (Timbaland)] Holla (Timbaland..) Uhh - Timbaland and uh Dirtbag (Timbaland..) YEEE!! (Timbaland..) Uh - Timbaland and uh Dirtbag, YEEE!! (Timbaland..) Uh, huh, what? [Chorus - Dirtbag] You wanna see how we flow? (here we go! here we go!) Gimme dough and do a show (here we go! here we go!) Your guy nearly got mad (here we go! here we go!) Timbaland and Dirtbag on the flow (here we go! here we go!) Yooo!! here we go yoo!! here we go yoo!! Here we go! here we go! here we go yoo!! Here we go yoo!! here we go yoo!! Here we go! here we go! [Verse - Dirtbag] Call me dirty Dirty, but I shine so clean Push birdy birdies, now I got a new scene Me and Timmy T dropping out a limousine While the girls fix they lipsticks, zipping their blue jeans We sippin that blue thing, but it feels so good I shouldn't have another, but I thank I would My location, conversation, relation that made me hood The rotation of my records every second made me good I ain't trying to have relations, Dirt trying to wood Strong penetration, it hurts when it's good Should I - choose you or your girl? I choose both Call Timmy and enforce my nigga, it's time to go [Verse - Dirtbag] O-kay, what we have here me the middle of the club All my killas in the rear, tec is sealed I ain't fear, we jump up in the Caddy let's peel I know you feel excited right beside me baby chill, okay? You play it right everything be straight Playa haters get jaw brokes And I supply slips of bacon drive the block hot, we hate cops! I'm the Hot Sauce in your Hip-Hop So 'Up Jumps Tha Boogie' that bang bitch, it don't stop Hot damn me, y'all can't handle me I'm the first to drop the hits like DJ Caddy, YEEE!!. [Bridge - Dirtbag] Your hips, your thighs, you make me wanna ride I say Your hips, your thighs, you make me wanna ride I'm saying STOMP! and grind, STOMP! and grind, you hear me?!?! STOMP! and grind, STOMP! and grind, I say That dank, this drink, it's got me feeling high I say That dank, this drink, it's got me feeling high I'm saying Sip baby - sip, sip baby - sip, I'm saying Sip baby - sip, sip baby - sip [Verse - Dirtbag] Uh, Dirtbag my gators'll hurt ya It don't matter the cost, we purchase Your girl doing us all my dawg, that's hurting You're too slow! Believing that ho a virgin Roll out the carpet, open the curtain Introducing Dirty, I'm bout to get this thang twurking I'm bout to shine, I thought you known Now check on Dirty Timmy new flow, here we go, here we go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Timbaland Album: Ghetto Fabolous Song: Right Now & Later On Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [T] Uh, c'mon, uh, c'mon [F] Uh, William H. Bonnie, ma' I make you famous [Fabolous] Some little pretty mami's is all I need (yeah) Hennessy, Cristal and sticky weed (uh huh) A little drop sports coupe's all I want (yeah) And I brought the hammer if y'all front (woooh) Yeah, the kid been makin these mami's, yell "papacita" Since Kangols and shell-top Adidas Love when te-ta's look like they'll pop through beaters And the hips won't fit in the L-drop two-seater But ma' I ain't the type to love ya I'm a triflin, good for nothin, type a brother This cute face'll make your wife smile And I check in two bags and one's just a suitcase full of Lifestyles And we both rent out playa Difference is you a sweet subsitute, I'm a Penthouse playa Y'all seen my rings borders It's full of queen and king's daughters, as clean as spring water 'F's for freakin, 'A's alright (yeah) 'B's for bottles that pop all night (uh huh) 'O's for the ounces that I got (say what) That we blow everday, know why, why not, nigga? Right now you probably like me, but Later on you gonna love me and Right now you probably want me, but Later on you gonna need me and (yeah) Right now you don't like me, but Later on you gonna hate me (what) And I just got to do it Fuck y'all, I'm a keep doin my thing It's the hoodrat Hugh Hefner, that bend dimes, too The five plus one, sittin on ten times two Shorty when I'm through.... I'm a know if you nice on the mic and if your friend rhyme, too It's so funny how I suit the women They know I'm still spendin show money from "Superwoman" They like "where'd he get those twenties?" And "I didn't know that's a color that the coupe could come in, damnit man" All I say to the heffers is "Jesus" Keep swallowin my kids, might as well have no nephews and nieces I know you wanna sip Proof And try an make me crack a smile, just so you can see my chipped tooth I'm tryna' get you, in and out of my room Just to get, in and out of your womb And the rocks in mine glare, somethin like Times Square Excuse me miss, you want me to sign where? (sign where?) Fab's hard to be found But most likely I'm with a foreign dame who name's hard to pronounce I started out, gettin hard by the ounce No more cash in stashes, it's cards in accounts The way I make 'em nod to the bounce Somebody call Silvia and tell her ship larger amounts This playa make 'em scream a scheme My closest look like I keep gettin traded from team to team Look sleezy, it's difficult but me and Tim the only ones that make pimpin look easy Tell me how I'm gonna make my album cleaner With bitches suckin me up like vacuum cleaners Even chickens wanna cluck outside (Timbaland: Yo' Fab, it must be the truck outside) And mami can't stop eyein And when I said my rims was only nineteens, she said "stop lyin!" [Timbaland] Say what, say what, uh huh You don't need us, huh? I see you comin back to her Like that, with the two-step Fabolous, we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Timbaland Album: All or Nothing Song: Everybody Get Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] (Jump off) Timbo and Joey Crack about to FLIP! Yeahhhhhh - FLIP! Yeahhhhhh - FLIP! Yeahhhhhh - FLIP! Yeahhhhhh OH! [Chorus 1: Fat Joe] Get up, get get, get down You ain't come to party muh'fucker just sit down Get up, get up, get up, get up Get up, get up, get up, get up [Chorus 2: Fat Joe] She's bad, she's bad, she's bad I know she's bad Everybody GET UP! Get up, get up, get up, get up Get up, get up, get up, get up [Fat Joe over Chorus 2] Guess who's back? Yeah, guess who's back? [Fat Joe] They call me Pillsbury Dough-bwoyyyy Cause they know I really get that dough bwoyyyy Dropped "Lean Back," it was so propers Then I had to circle back with some mo' choppers Mo' guns, mo' nines, whole lotta, money Mo' Biggie sing it with me, "Mo' Problems" Uhh, it's the BX finest, Cook Coke Crack Baby please rewind this, and yeah I know I'm hot You don't need to remind us, ladies! "Your royal penis is clean, your highness" Uhh, I can't do nuttin right these days Got chicks mad at me cause I lost some weight ... Timbo and Coke And we 'bout to haunt the town in the sky blue Ghost New York! Damn I hate to brag and boast But "I'm RICHHHH," Timbaland bring in the chorus [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 2] [Fat Joe] You about to witness, greatness at it's prime You should tape this Matter fact, go 'head, congratulate us Rucker, three-peat champ, see us Lakers (whattup Reem?) Homey please don't hate us She said that she was single, yo leave or make up - DAMN! I'm out in L.A. within a week Honies go to {?} from and they cut (aowwww) V.A. is you wit me now Couple bricks of that yay and it's Philly bound, feel me now I'd rather die in prison, than to be a broke nigga Live my life in the kitchen, into bakin pies One of my addictions, on the mound 95 mile per hour pitches, volleyball servin 'em The iron is itchin To straighten any nigga out tryin to diss on... Crack [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 2] [Chorus 2] [Fat Joe] She's bad like MJ's sister I ain't gotta talk fast, give a day and I'll twist her Ain't gotta be celebrity to get with me, shit I fuck bitches that look worse than... As long as they head right and ass fat I put a pillow over they face and ass that - Crack 'Bout to cruise down your avenue In the back of that Cad, think collateral Ain't no tellin what this clip and the Mac'll do Ask Timb, I got the beat by kidnappin Maganoo In other words don't fool with us Aiyyo Timbaland, tell 'em what to do [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 1] [Timbaland] Everybody get up! [Chorus 2] [Fat Joe] Crack! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Flo Rida f/ Timbaland Album: Mail On Sunday Song: Elevator Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - Timbaland] Hey girl; you're comin with me - your comin with me Hey girl; you're comin with me - your comin with me Hey girl; you're comin with me - your comin with me Hey girl; you're comin... c'mon Talk to me girl... got you stuck On my elevator, get it up On my uh-ohh, uh-ohh, oh-ohh [Flo Rida] Heyyyy! My first flo' stuck on a golddiggin woman Money cash flow all big face honies Huntin on the pole got them D-boys runnin Shorty got both broke, can't see what's comin Wear them apple bottoms, wear them apple bottoms honey Dolce and Gabbana and she get up on my money Louis bag kit, Gucci, Fendi and Armani See the karats on her wrist, now she pimp Bugs Bunny Used to date Kanye, now she want me And while I got the juice, wanna take my OJ It ain't her birthday but her name on the cake If I ever pay for nookie grade A [Chorus: Timbaland] Got you stuck (yeah) on my elevator (uh-huh) Get it up (yeah) on my elevator - check it out! My first flo', stuck on the golddigger Second flo', stuck on the dimepiece Third flo', stuck on the hoodrat Fourth flo' - freak it, I don't know cause This girl is/she's stuck on my ele, eh-el-eh-vator (frikki frikki) This girl is/she's stuck on my ele, eh-el-eh-vator (frikki frikki) This girl is/she's stuck on my ele, eh-el-eh-vator (frikki frikki) This girl is stuck on my oww oww oww oww [Flo Rida] She got a nail kit, she got a hair kit She got a Gucci bag, her brand new outfit Stuck on my elevator, she on the second flo' Now I want you to break it down, DJ turn it up some mo' Hey, dimepiece girl turned to Internet hottie Little momma got that Top Model body South Beach peach go in the back of that Ducati I'll bet you that brand new Ferrari [Flo Rida] Heyyy, my third flo' stuck on the hoodrat gone Cut tanktop, Hollyhood act wrong Short tennis skirt, now she got me in the zone Tattoo tight work, bump the "Low" ringtone Bend the ghetto booty, bend the ghetto booty on her Roll up with kitties, don't smoke Arizona One night stand, one night with the clan One night, one time broke her off ten grand Project all the way, gutter all day Pure uncut, stain wall with a J Shorty don't fake, she'll put it in your face Three stories while them hoodrats bass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Furtado f/ Timbaland Album: Loose Song: Promiscuous Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nelly Furtado] Am I throwin you off? (Nope) Didn't think so [beat begins] [Timbaland] How you doin' young lady? That feelin that you givin really drives me crazy You don't haveta play about the joke I was at a loss of words first time that we spoke [Nelly Furtado] Looking for a girl that'll treat you right You lookin' for her in the daytime with the light [Timbaland] You might be the type if I play my cards right I'll find out by the end of the night [Nelly Furtado] You expect me to let you just let you hit it But will you still respect me if you get it [Timbaland] All I can do is try, gimme one chance What's the problem I don't see no ring on your hand ..I be the first to admit it I'm curious about you, you seem so innocent [Nelly Furtado] You wanna get in my world, get lost in it Boy I'm tired of running, let's walk for a minute [Chorus: Timbaland and Nelly Furtado] Promiscuous girl, wherever you are I'm alllll alone, and it's you that I want [Nelly Furtardo] Promiscuous boy, you already know That I'm all yours, what you waiting for? [Timbaland] Promiscuous GIRRRRL, you're TEASIN' ME You know what I want, and I GOT what you need [Nelly Furtado] Promiscuous boy, let's get to the point Cause we're on a roll, you ready? [Nelly Furtado] Roses are red, some diamonds are blue Chivalry is dead, but you're still kinda cute [Timbaland] Hey! I can't keep my mind off you Where you at, do you mind if I come through? [Nelly Furtado] I'm out of this world come with me to my planet Get you on my level, do you think that you can handle it? [Timbaland] They call me Thomas, last name Crown Recognize game, I'ma lay mine's down [Nelly (Timbaland)] I'm a big girl I can handle myself but if I get lonely I'ma need your help Pay attention to me, I don't talk for my health (I want you on my team) So does everybody else [Timbaland (Nelly Furtado)] SHH! Baby we can keep it on the low Let your guard down ain't nobody gotta know If you with it girl I know a place we can go (What kind of girl do you take me for?) [Timbaland [while doing that "chicka" noise] (Nelly Furtado)] Don't be mad, don't get mean (Don't get mad, don't be mean) Hey! Don't be mad, don't get mean (Don't get mad, don't be mean) Wait...I don't mean no harm I can see you with my t-shirt on [Nelly Furtado] I can see you with nothing on Feelin on me before you bring that on [Timbaland (Nelly Furtado)] Bring that on?! (You know what I mean) Girl, I'm a freak you shouldn't say those things [Nelly Furtado] I'm only tryin to get inside, your brain To see if you can work me the way you say [Timbaland] It's okaaaay, it's alriiiight I got something that you gon' liiiike [Nelly Furtado] Hey, is that the truth or are you talkin trash? Is your game M.V.P. like Steve Nash? [Chorus 2] [Timbaland] Promiscuous Girl, wherever you are I'm all alone, and it's you that I want [Nelly] Promiscuous Boy, I'm calling your name but you're driving me crazy, the way you're making me wait [Timbaland] Promiscuous GIRRRRL, you're TEASIN' ME You know what I want, and I GOT what you need [Nelly Furtado] Promiscuous boyyyy, let's get to the point Cause we're on a roll, you ready? [Nelly harmonizes] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Furtado f/ Ms. Jade, Timbaland Album: R&B Hits (Compilation) Song: Turn Off The Light (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Timbaland] It's kind of dark in here, I can't see you, ha It's kind of dark in here, haha, freaky, freaky, I can't see you It's kind of dark in here, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I can't see you, freaky It's kind of dark in here, freaky, freaky, freaky, aha, I can't see you 	[Timbaland] I really, really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really, really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really, really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really, really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl 	[Nelly Furtado] It's gettin so lonely inside this bed To know if I should lick my wounds or say woe is me instead There's an aching inside my head It's telling me you're better off alone After midnight (ooh) morning will come & the day will see if you will get some 	[Nelly Furtado] (Timbaland) They say that girl you know she act too tough, tough, tough Well still I turn off the light, turn off the light They say that girl you know she act so rough, rough, rough Well still I turn off the light, turn off the light And I say follow me, follow me, follow me, down, down, down, down Till you see all my dreams (turn off the lights girl) Not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems (turn off the lights girl) 	[Nelly Furtado] (Timbaland) I looked above the other day (turn off the lights girl) Cos I think I'm good and ready for a change (turn off the lights girl) I live my life by the moon, by the moon (turn off the lights girl) If it's high play it low if it's harvest go slow and if it's full then go After midnight (ooh) morning will come & the day will see if you're gonna get some 	[Nelly Furtado] (Timbaland) They say that girl you know she act too tough, tough, tough Well still I turn off the light, turn off the light They say that girl you know she act so rough, rough, rough Well still I turn off the light, turn off the light And I say follow me, follow me, follow me, down, down, down, down Till you see all my dreams (turn off the lights girl) Not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems (turn off the lights girl) 	[Nelly Furtado] (Timbaland) I'm searching for things that I just cannot see (turn off the lights girl) Why don't you don't you don't you come and be with me I pretend to be cool with me, wanna to believe That I can do it on my own without my heart on my sleeve I'm running, I'm running, catch up with me life Or is it love that I'm looking to find It's all in me, can't you see, why can't you, why can't you see it's all in me, yeah 	[Ms. Jade] I've been through many things I've seen a lot of faces A lot of you bet they peep begged up by many cases It ain't my skin it's my will I'm a win Right a will till the end I don't brake fo' the bend Then again, y'all done begged born shooters In the streets like scooters, to my shakers and movers It's looking for the green Everything ain't what it seems A different scene lanes leaving em with a VA lean It ain't no magic we living up in the real world Real deal represent for my real girls I know it's lonely at the top and I might fall As for now, follow the rules and turn them lights off 	[Timbaland] I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl I really really want you to see me So baby don't turn off the lights girl 	[Nelly Furtado] Turn off the light, turn off the light Turn off the light, turn off the light Turn off the light, turn off the light Turn off the light, turn off the light Artist: Game f/ Gucci Mane, Timbaland Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Krazy Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Game] Timbaland, Game (uhh) Gucci (uhh) [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Eight girls with me, all dimes, that's crazy Timbaland and Game, Gucci Mane, young'n pay me The wheels on my drop-top'll all stay crazy And my lady's waist small but her butt that's crazy Crazy, flyin down the interstate racin Amazin, we step off in the club then go crazy It's crazy, she crave me when she know she can't take it Crazy, sex game, ice game crazy [Game] Yeah, that Gucci Mane Louis game crazy Red LV bandanna, that's crazy Brown Louis belt match the Air Ones gravy Fly bitch with me like we fresh up out the Navy Pull up at the club, 22's on the 'cedes Roll down the tint, "Is that Game and Tim?" Yeah baby She like Eminem, try to do Slim Shady Told Gucci that she tryin to have a nigga baby (now that's crazy) [Gucci Mane] Brr, brr, brr! Wowwwww Ladies say that Gucci's her baby, crazy She want the dick so bad she might pay me, greatly Lately it been two shows daily, crazy These haters hate but still they can't phase me, crazy There's somethin in the purple leaves bakin Garbage full of kush, bills all over my bakery, crazy Now international like Macy's, crazy Don't want no problems, all my dudes crazy, crazy [Game] Uhhh, got a chauffeur but I ain't lazy Red twin Ferraris, Maserati and a May-B When I bring the Porsche out them bitches go crazy February's on it, other niggaz ridin basic Ya ain't stuntin like I'm stuntin nigga face it All white candy paint, my old school racist Come through shootin niggaz +Dash+ like Stacey I'm straight jacket, Rain Man, Forrest Gump crazy That's crazy [Game] Uhhh (wowwwww) sixes on my Phantom that's crazy Fresh out the barbershop laced, fade wavy Where I know you from? Nigga fuck you, pay me Try to jack me for my chain nigga that's crazy, crazy [Timbaland] Hmm, Timbaland chillin with my white wife sippin Bailey's In the black-on-black Maybach like it is slavery Chillin at the wind on the slot machine daily "That's a girlie, g-girlie machine!" Nigga you crazy Over a hundred thousand dollars on the daily On the slot machine, "What dawg?" That's crazy Larry Lyle - take this hundred thou' cause this shit don't phase me But watch them niggaz in they corner cause they keep pacin Don't they know we be strapped like them government agents? Cause we will be all over them like a tax invasion Babe, let me lick on yo' pretty pink raisin Get you to screamin and sayin, "WHOO, this is crazy!" [Game] (Wowwwww) 2010 Anything hot, that's crazy My Lambo, that's crazy Model ridin shotgun, that's crazy My watch? Crazy, it's time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Timbaland Album: The Documentary Song: Put You on the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Electro-convulsive therapy, part one [Timbaland] Go 'head, go 'head, go 'head, do the {?} with me Go 'head, go 'head, go 'head, do the state with me Go 'head, go 'head, go 'head, do the walk with me Go 'head, go 'head, go 'head Game [The Game] First things first (Aftermath) +The Chronic+ is back This is indo, produced by Timbo Game over; nah the N.W.A. chain choker is burnin rubber inside the Range Rover Chain smokin, purple haze This ain't another one of those, this the rebirth of Dre The rebirth of L.A., the rebirth of hip-hop Another memorial for Makaveli and Big Pop' Hold up, Timb stop - I said This another memorial for Makaveli and Big Pop' G-G-G-G-G - young homey got shit locked Public Enemy #1, Flavor Flav with a wristwatch All black G-Units, all black Impala I'm a schitzo, three-wheelin the six-fo' 50 Cent know I'm Compton's most wanted when I'm ridin with Timbo Girl if you got a big back let me pin that Show me where your friends at, we can flip that Let me put you on the Game (let me put you on the Game) Let me put you on the Game (let me put you on the Game) I'll show you where the Bloods at, where the Crips at Show you where they flip crack, where they bitch at Let me put you on the Game (let me put you on the Game) Let me put you on the Game (let me put you on the Game) [The Game] I ain't got the West on my shoulder, got the West in the backseat of the Rover, ridin on dubs, nigga I'm West coastin The next Hova, from the home of the best doja Makin all that racket, I got the +U.S. Open+ Stunt on me, I'll leave you wit'cha chest open Vest broken, hop in the lo-lo with the tec smokin G-G-G-G-G - I done paid my dues N.W.A. is back, this is front page news I got Dre in the back, ridin on 22's Bitches screamin let me ride, it must be the shoes Red and black G6's, red dot on the glock I'm goin three times platinum dawg, how do I stop? I'm hot [The Game] My Unit is Gorilla Fuck with my +la familia+ I will kill ya G-G-G-G-G-Unit = I know that boy, not familiar But you got to feel him if the Doctor sealed him (Is Compton in the house?) Without a doubt I'm the rapper with clout other niggaz yap about You know the one that introduce New York to the beach cruiser Got 'em puttin red and blue strings in they G-Units Get "Groupie Love," tell 'em to keep movin If I got a problem with a bitch I let Eve do it Unless she got on LePearla and I can see through it I don't just let her ride, I give her the keys to it Me and my bitch lay back in the Coupe I'm movin in the neighborhood, I ain't passin through I woulda been here after Snoop, but I slowed down to show Timbaland how to iron a khaki suit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Timbaland Album: Ginuwine... The Bachelor Song: 550 What? Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com 1 -	I've been searching for so long 	(For so long) ooh (For so long) Repeat 1 (3x) 2 -	550 What? 550 What? 	That's my address 	That's my address Repeat 2 (3x) 3 -	I've been looking all around 	I'm known for getting down 	I've been searching for the right producers 	And you're the one I want 	I'm on some other shit 	I just don't want a hit 	I'm trying to stay around 	I can feel what you need indeed 	I'll give you all the things you need 	You'll never have to worry bout "G" 	I'm happy that I found your face 	Together we will bump the place 	All my life it's been a dream to me 	To live out my destiny 	I'm blessed with the way you're treating me 	Feeling real good cause I'm totally free Repeat 2 (4x) Repeat 3 Repeat 2 (4x) [Timbaland] Chilling on the corner with my nig Ginuwine Speaking about my problems, speaking about what's on my mind Never had a true reason Whether I'm gonna be here or leaving Never had an address My life's been nothing but an ugly mess Talking to a whole lot of people Telling me that my life was not going to be created equal But my manager R.R. he had a bunch of plans Ran into J.D. he engineered the plan Then what Michael Caplan Hooked us up with Polly and she signed the "G" man Hey back to the basics L. West had to live my legal statements She's means so much to me She hooked us with Ron Sweeny We working together as a team Trying to make advantage and complete our dreams As it seems like or not scenes finding damage Then we'll see situations messy like canvas To the left to the right Five minutes baby, you're alright Repeat 1 (2x) Repeat 2 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Timbaland Album: Ginuwine... The Bachelor Song: I'll Do Anything/I'm Sorry Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Baby I got many problems (problems) But my momma won't help me solve them (solve them) So I come to you (you, you) But your ass don't wanna be bothered So I come around trying to be down But your acting like a silly clown Asking me for $50 (dollars) Saying to myself "I'll be damned!" (I'll be damned) Why you trying to give me such a Very very hard time When I spend the money on you I can't get a little Bump 'n Grind It must be another man (man) Holding your hand (hand) Please tell me baby (baby) I will understand (stand) [Ginuwine] I'm tryin to go on without you here in my life I don't wanna accept the fact that you're no longer mine Just to know that somebody else is holding and kissing you It makes a guy like me feel like I'm a fool So, 1 -	I'll do Anything 	Anything you want 	Yes my word is bond 	Baby I was wrong 	Please forgive me 	For what I've done 	I'm sorry Repeat 1 I'm trying to keep on with these emotion everyday (day) I realize it's too late now you're gone away Is there something that I can do to reassure That I won't hurt you like this anymore So, Repeat 1 (2x) 2 -	I'll do anything 	That's my word, it's bond 	Please forgive me 	I'm sorry Repeat 1 Repeat 1 & 2 together 3 -	Whatcha think, whatcha say, whatcha want now 	Alright, alright, alright, now Repeat 3 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Little Man, Timbaland Album: 100 Percent Ginuwine Song: Little Man's Bangin Lude Typed by: janis@betatesters.com Come on [Little Man] Rock 'em y'all Ha, ha, ha I'm back from the dead Now what's my name, ya'all? Could it be Little Man, join with the Timbaland Could it be Ginuwine, join with the Timbaland Yo, yo, yo, everybody 1 - 	Whatchu say (Whatchu say) 	Whatchu need (Whatchu need) 	Whatchu want (Whatchu want) 	Timbaland's beat (Timbaland's beat)  	Whatchu say (Whatchu say) 	Whatchu need (Whatchu need) 	Whatchu want (Whatchu want) 	Timbaland's beat (Timbaland's beat) Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Yo, it's the year 2 G baby Ha, ha, ha Little Man is comin' to you on Ginuwine's album I don't think it's in stores yet, owwww Cuz the stores are not ready for this album He's not the bachelor no more He's 100 percent, 100 percent, 100 percent Ginuwine And the man who doing this beat? His name is Timbaland And no, Little Man is not Timbaland Ha ha ha, Little Man is somebody else Wouldn't y'all like to know? Now, we must ride And I want every female And every brutha out there Ha, bounce wit me Ha ha, bounce wit me Uh huh huh, bounce wit me Uh huh, bounce wit me Uh huh huh, bounce wit me Uh huh, bounce with me, yeah Now we'll do something different I'm gonna do something different He he he ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Timbaland Album: Pony 12" Song: Pony (Remix) Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Ginuwine](Timbaland) (Check it) To all my ladies (What?) Who wants to ride my pony? (Ginuwine, what?) To all my honeys (Uh) Who wants to ride my pony? (Timbaland, uh what?) To all my babies (Remix) Who wants to ride my pony? (Remix, what?) To all my ladies Who wants to? [Timbaland] Check it out baby Let me tell you Come on and ride this horse You will see we gonna stay on course Don't try to fight the force I wanna hear your voice, girl Come on and get with me A real true O-G Straight from the V-A-V Yeah, here to set you free Yeah baby call me perv I wonder do you serve, uh Check out your curves Making our bodies merge I'm just a real brother My name is Timbaland I wanna hold your hand Want to be your man [Ginuwine](Timbaland) I'm just a bachelor I'm looking for a partner (Uh, uh) Someone who knows how to ride Without even falling off (What?) Gotta be compatible Takes me to my limits (Word up) Girl when I break you off (What?) I promise that you won't want to get off (No doubt) 1 - 	[Ginuwine]   If you're horny lets do it 	Ride it my pony 	My saddle's waiting 	Come and jump on it 	If you're horny lets do it 	Ride it my pony 	My saddles waiting 	Come and jump on it [Ginuwine](Timbaland) (Freaky, freaky) Sitting here flossing (What?) Peepin' your steelo (Say what?) Just once if I have the chance (Yeah) The things I would do to you You and your body Every single portion Send chills up and down your spine Juices flowing down your thigh baby Repeat 1 [Timbaland] Breakdown Yeah we're gonna ride Uh, uh do you wanna ride? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Say what? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Say what? Do you wanna ride? Ginuwine [Ginuwine](Timbaland) If we're gonna get nasty baby First we'll show and tell 'Till I reach your pony tail, oh (Say what? Say what? Say what?) Lurk all over and through you baby (Can you feel us?) Until we reach the stream (Can you feel us?) You'll be on my jockey team, ooh (Uh) Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Timbaland Album: Same Ol' G 12" Song: Same Ol' G Typed by: verver@wt.net, denisg@ihug.co.nz Verse One: The only time I drink a 40  is when I wanna drink a 40 and usually when I wear a suit  I leave with not one but two I'm not trying to hurt nobody You only live once they told me  You can't be mad at me  I can just be "G" Chorus: Even though I got my own CD Maybe even on TV There ain't no changing me  I can only be me me me Even though I might be on TV cause I got my own CD  All you will ever see same ol' "G" Verse Two: I used to be the main one clubbin but now I choose to stay at home Most of my friends still thuggin This time the "G"s full grown I'm thinking 'bout my future latley Whatever that may be But now it's clear to me  I can just be "G" Chorus Interlude: Timbaland Hello y'all  Yeah this that Timbaland coming to ya one mo 'gain You see, people say that we're changing But really it's the people around us that are changing You see, we ain't tryin to hurt nobody People tryin to hurt us  But you know what? I'ma keep being me  That's all I can do in this life time (check it) Verse Three: Day after day  I continue to be  Me oh me  That's all I can be  Oooh day after day  I continue to be me oh me  Same ol' "G" Chorus: repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine and Timbaland Album: 100% Ginuwine Song: Toe 2 Toe Typed by: GGoTTal7@aol.com Yeah, on my time off  I seen alot of people tryin' to be like me  Timbaland, I know you have, knowumsayin'?  But we gon' hit 'em like this  Check it out  Chorus: None of y'all wanna go against me Ya trip me out tryin to orbit me  But this go 'round I'ma show you once  Said that you don't got what it take  None of y'all wanna go toe to toe  Face to face, head to head, blow for blow  And this go 'round I'ma show you once  Said that you don't got what it takes  2nd Verse: Listen..  What's mines is mines and yours is yours  You were violated when you walked through the door  Can't nobody see Ginuwine and the Fam'  Stepped up in the business and we changed all your plans  Entertained our people, gave 100 damn percent  Never dream how much that all of us would get bent  To all of those who want it won't you just quit it  You ain't seen a thing until you all have come wit it  No need to trick nigga, take your pick  Cuz on this CD every song's a hit  My whole damn crew, can't a soul get wit  So don't even hate cuz you can't touch it  Chorus 2nd Verse: I'ma get respect one way or the other  Even if I take it, I'ma make you wanna  Go get your crew but they can't help you  Now it's you and I, and you know you're through  I'm gonna nod who ever think they can  Get wit Ginuwine and Timbaland  Step to the plate ya take your swing  Now it's my turn watch me do my thing  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Timbaland Album: 100 Percent Ginuwine Song: What's So Different? Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Intro] What's so different? (Uh huh) Baby (Say what?) What's so different? (Uh huh) Yeah (Bom, bom, bom, bom yeah) If you cheated on him How I know you ain't gon' do it to me? (Can you feel this? Bom bom bom bom, yeah) I need to tell you something Check this out (Uh, Ginuwine, check) You say you love me But at one time you loved him So what's so different? Tell me if you were in my shoes What would you do or think of me? Would you trust me? But you feeding me all this rap about How it's different  But it's not mentioned what you're doin' is wicked Now I'm having second thoughts about you and me Cuz this not how I want it or it should be 1 - 	You say you want my trust and 	Told me you were leavin' 	How am I to know that you won't do it to me? 	You're tellin' me it's different 	But what the hell is different 	If you cheated on him you'll do it to me 	You're creepin' on him for me 	But you say just trust me 	How am I to know that you won't do it to me? 	You're tellin' me it's different 	But what the hell is different 	If you cheated on him you'll do it to me (Check this out) Like the saying goes, you reap what you sow And what goes around comes back around To you five times harder And I'm pretty sure that he's thinkin' That you're totally his  But you're here in my rimmed-up drop top wit me All hugged up and all over me Kissin' all of me Is that to get me where you want me to be? Don't want this to happen to me So I'll drop you off, go back to your man Cuz really, this ain't me Repeat 1 Baby, uh uh uh, uh uh uh (Say what?) Uh uh uh (Can ya feel me?) Uh uh uh (Can ya feel me?) Uh uh uh (Can ya feel me?) (Can ya feel me? Can ya feel me?) (Can ya feel me? Can ya feel me?) (Uh, ya see?) Don't tell him baby (You don' went too far now, baby) You won't do this shit to me (Yo G, bring the bridge in) Baby tell me one thing How could yo do it? What did he do to you? Does he know he blew it? Or is it just that You wanna get even Baby, if that's not it Please tell me the reason (Tell me, tell me) I just don't wanna Get caught up in drama If you don't want him Just tell him, don't cheat on him (What?) If you don't tell him Me and you can't be Cuz tell me how I'll know You won't do that shit to me? (Not to me baby) You would do it to me Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Timbaland Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: 2 Many Hoes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh I ain't tryin to be RUDE DUDE but give a nigga some space I ain't tryin to be rude dude Just, give a nigga some space Just tryin to talk honey dog I ain't got time to waste (check it) {*Jay-Z sings*} Why is you over here lookin at me while all these girls up in here? [Jay-Z] What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like indian hair Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here I mean if you a fan I consider you fam' But shake a nigga hand, but shit god damn All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin a blank You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank Just think, if you came to a club Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love 'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way! And kill the ice grill homes Cause I keep enough heat to melt THAT away I came in some sweats, I came to get met Tryin to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!" We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es .. may I suggest that it's a lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses .. go find you one Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn .. go find you one Go get your dance on, go grind on one Quick question - yo, why you over here? So many hoes in here My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there It's so many hoes in here I ain't tryin to be rude dude, whyon'tcha dissapear? There's so many hoes in here I understand you got issues but I really don't care There's so many hoes in here [Jay-Z] Yea yea yea I know you rap and your sister spit too You been callin the office and you can't get through I understand all that, but now ain't the time I came to the club to get that off my mind And all you thugs with your war stories startin to bore me I ain't tryin to hear about your guts and glory I'm tryin to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore And you keep talkin over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?") .. go find somethin to do You're a janitor, go find somethin to screw Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh The chick came dressed up just to get messed up She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up Shit I'm tryin to help her out Whyon'tcha help me out and be out? [Jay-Z] Jeah, jeah, jeah [Timbaland: repeat 3X] You're invadin my space You need to, be easy, ahh You're invadin my space C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh [Timbaland] Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that Heh, I don't understand Heh, what you need to do, is.. [Timbaland: repeat 3X] Stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here C'mon dawg, stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here Be easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Drake, Timbaland Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: Off That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jay-Z] + (Timbaland) Welcome (welcome) To the (to the) future, uhh (Blue-print, 3, ay-ay, oh, hey-hey) Hey, count me in (Blue-print, 3, ay, hey, hey-hey) Find me a nice soft place to land (I got you Hov', ay ay-ay) I'm so high (yeah, hey hey, hey, hey, c'mon) Find me a place to land (Fricky-fricky uhh, ahhhhh, c'mon now, c'mon now) Yeah, right there, yeah (fricky-fricky Hov') [Jay-Z] I'm so tomorrow the Audemar says yesterday Which means you on time than late So even if I slow it dowwwwwn My sound is fast forward  hold up I'm just a runway show But I wear that so my plane need my runway clothes Hehe, Cashmere sweats They come out next year but these my last year's sweats And my hoe's so sick Your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch And you know this shit I'm professional, they know this is I just may let you borrow this This the Blueprint, nigga follow this This what what tomorrow is Welcome to tomorrow BIIIIIIIIIII.. [Chorus: Drake] + (Jay-Z) Whatever you about to discover we off that You about to tell her you love her we off that Always wanna fight in the club and we off that But you can't bring the future back, back Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that Oversized clothes and chains we off that Niggaz still makin it rain and we off that Cause you can't bring the future back, back Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that Timb's we off that, rims we off that (Yeah we off that, is you still on that?) (And we still makin money cause we still on that) [Jay-Z] This ain't black vs. white, my nigga we off that Please tell Bill O'Reilly to fall back Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls It's 2010, not 1864 Uhh, yeah we come so far So I drive around town, hard top and that's all Uhh, in my TriBeCa loft With my high brown ahh, and my high yellow broad Uhh, and my dark-skinned sis In my best white mink, say what's up to Chris Uhh, how's that for a mix? Got a black president, got green presidents "Blueprint's" in my white iPod Black diamonds in my Jess piece, my God Uhh, we ain't trippin off that This a Benetton hat, nigga been up off that, uhh [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh, uhh I don't give a fidduck abiddout the riddate you used to move, what you used to do And I don't give a fidduck abiddout the bitches that you used to screw, what your future do And we don't really care what you used to say Unless that affects your future pay I'm on a practice field runnin Two-A-Days So I don't drop the ball when it's threw my way So I don't give a fidduck abiddout the shit that you probably did, who you probably is The only time I deal in past tense Cause I'm past rims, and I'm past tints If you drivin it, I drove it You got it, cause I sold it You copped it, I bought it back And we don't give a fidduck, nigga we off that [Outro: Timbaland] Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jodeci f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Timbaland Album: The Show, The After-Party, The Hotel Song: Bring On Da Funk Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DeVante] Stick em' uh uh uh uh uh, yeah [Jodeci] I beeped you, baby ya have to clear me from the dance floor Trying to look in my window, but you just couldn't see me though You attracted me with all your body, uh do you wanna roll with me Through uptown [Timbaland] All I got is that old funk So let it bang and boom in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, that, that funk [Jodeci] I know you want it, and you know I got it baby Anything you want from me baby Girl if you want it, just come get it from me Anything you want from me, I'm trying to tell you bring on that funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, now [K-Ci] Now you know, you really do fit my steelo You can flow, I just got to know Do you wanna roll with me, sweet lady in my Jeep Let's keep it all discreet, I'm just a simple freak babe [Timbaland] All I got is that old funk So let it bang and boom in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, that funk, that funk All I got is that old funk So let it bang in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, uh that funk [Jodeci] Girl if you want it, just come get it from me Anything you want from me, I'm trying to tell you bring on that funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, now [Mr. Dalvin] Yeah, bring it on, cause we be gettin' freaky Cause we be gettin' freaky Cause we gettin' down Cause we gettin' down Cause we gettin' down And we be gettin' [Missy (singing) -1] Jodeci funk, that's what it is, ooh Gotta get into you Jodeci funk, that's what it is, ooh Gotta get into you, ooh ooh [Mr. Dalvin with Timbaland rapping along] We be kickin' at the parties and the after-parties So baby bring ya bodies She be gettin' smacked a lot, slapped a lot [Mr. Dalvin with Missy singing 1 in background; repeat to fade] Cause we be gettin' down And we be gettin' down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jodeci f/ Timbaland Album: Diary of a Mad Band Song: In the Meanwhile Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DeVante] Sticky, sticky, let's get sticky, word Yeah, I like it [Jo-Jo] In the mirror [DeVante] Can you pose in the mirror baby, get sticky [Jo-Jo] I don't have to be the only one But we can still have fun Till the rising sun As long as you with me Baby don't diss me And we can get busy I know you have a lot to do But can I get a second or two So when you get with me I can spin you around and we can get busy [Chorus x4] You know I'm down to make you smile So I'll be around in the meanwhile [DeVante x2] 1-   How you want it (Sticky)    How you like it (Sticky)    How you love it (Sticky)    How you need it (Sticky) [Jo-Jo] You say you wanna do a lot of things So check the joy I bring Baby you can hang If you wanna feel sexy Baby just call me And we can get nasty Come out cha' clothes and play for awhile Come to my crib and check my style So baby let me pour you found, in the meanwhile, in the meanwhile [Chorus x4] [Timbaland & DeVante talking] Yo DeVante, (Yo what) This girl tried to get sticky with me, wear it out And guess what I told her, (What's that) Timbaland [Timbaland] I can rock a party, like Liberace I can catch a groupie, and all the hotties Take her out and get sticky right in the lobby Then get my crew and run a Swing Mobbie We like Norman, our skills are the beats People can't wait to get a dub of our tapes On a hundred and twenty-fifth, catch a whiff K-Ci my man won't cha' hit a riff (Ooooh) And show the sticky girls with the ather Rub her down, lick her thighs now we passed her [Jodeci] All night long, keep you smilin' All night long, get buck wildin' All night long, make it sticky All night long, we're not naked F-feels, f-f-feels F-feels, f-f-feels so damn F-feels, f-f-feels F-feels, f-f-feels so damn F-feels, f-f-feels, h-how you want it, h-how you want it F-feels, f-f-feels so damn, h-how you want it, h-how you want it sticky F-feels, f-f-feels, h-how you want it, h-how you want it F-feels, f-f-feels so damn, h-how you want it, h-how you want it sticky [Chorus x4] [Repeat 1 x2] [Jodeci] You know I'm down, in the meanwhile You know I'm down to make you smile You know I'm down to make you smile You know I'm down to make you smile You know I'm down to make you smile So I'll be around in the meanwhile The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Knoc-turn'al f/ Timbaland Album: The Way I Am Song: Have Fun Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Come on, can you feel me now Uh, can you feel me now Yo, can you feel me now Uh, uh, can you feel me now Everyone ready for this one They didn't know that Timbaland could go from the east coast to the west coast You know Knoc [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) It's the Knoc (ha, ha, ha) It's the Knoc, hit the block Hittin' them corners on dub two's, you stop They used to hate me now they scream Knoc's a whole lot (yeah) Ran from me now they beg me to blow spot (what) Meet a bitch (aha), down she go (aha) Lick a nigga (aha), head to toe (aha) Call me pop-a-long, back strong, grab toes Knockin' three hoes, dippin' in the low-low (whoo) Knoc's the weapon, Tim's the beats (the beats) Runnin' ya country, the street block gets hot (ow) Walk on the block and hate when niggaz change face Used to be down but now they all act fake (yeah) Fuck 'em (what), forget 'em, leave 'em alone Outlive 'em, purchase a home (yeah nigga) In the zone, keep the heat on I love to make red bones moan Looking like zones (cause what) [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) See me now, see me later On the town, pimp suit, black gators I get around, read my two-way pager Smoke a ounce, stay out to get paper (come on) Be out not ?, spot ? get closer Wit game, I lace her, no rock, no chaser Tim, Knoc, shit's over Knockin' them, four leaf-clover Knoc the rhythm, Tim's the bass Shake ya ass, bones ache (whoo) Baby I ain't done till I'm at the earthquake Won't you calm down, chill, for heaven's sakes Came to my home and showed up in all lace (uh) We can get it on, freak zone, high stakes [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) [Knoc-turn'al] We can go get blowed Smoke dro and mack hoes Leave with a few in all black tight leather That's your girl homie, naw man I just met her Hips and ass fully blown Right skin, nice tone Game tight, fully chrome ? mackster thang doing the cheap ? No pillow, no sheets A pro, a freak, a hoe heap Put it down, hold the ground down on your street While I put it down and ride for L-A-C Can handle most of the C's but can't fuck with me I'm glad y'all feel the way I rap and ride the beat Get your freak on, live a little, have a drink Till the next time I bring some confidential heat [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) [Knoc-turn'al] (Timbaland) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) I (I, I, I, I, I) just wanna have fun (just wanna have fun) You can't be serious man (yes I am baby) [Timbaland] You can't be serious man Yes I am baby, yes I am Yes I am baby, yes I am Yes I am baby, yes I am You can't be serious man What you got here, is another Timbo classic Ya heard me? haha Knoc-turn'al, Tim Now you put that together Hm, you do the math baby Sick, sick Sick, sick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Timbaland Album: The Definition Song: Apple Cobbler Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [LL Cool J] Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. uh-huh Uhh.. uhh.. that joint is hot baby! [Verse One] Lights, camera, action - hold up You know my style, I been blowed up Paper was young, now it's growed up Stacks so thick it's hard to fold up Yo B, find another rubberband in the truck Count up the money, I'ma stand in the cut Stroll in the party and I toast Cris' up Tell that a muh-hucca gets this up Shake that cookie like what like what Toss me a drop it's like lightning struck Look at that apple cobbler butt Whatchu wanna do, whatchu think? Want cut NBA Live in my truck Parkin lot like all jammed up If there's beef it's best you duck I'm gon' eat 'til I'm filled up [Chorus: Timbaland] Throw it to me - that apple cobbler Baby it, can I see (can I see) that apple pie? I said throw it to me - that apple cobbler Baby it, can I get (hey) can I get it deep fried? [Verse Two] So much sugar it's makin my head rush Tell me what the recipe is for that stuff Break me off a piece of crust I'm so full I'm bout to bust Just one slice is not enough Dang that thang tight like handcuffs What I gotta say to you for you to give it up? What if I was payin you so you could live it up? Hoochie seats inside yo' truck Tiffany rocks and trillion cuts You be Starsky, I be Hutch Ride shotgun, I pop that clutch Juicy sweatpants drive me nuts Take my 2-way, stay in touch I'm gon' scoop you, heat you up Take you, bake you, eat you up [Verse Three] Turn that hair 'round, buck them hips Love when your hair get stuck to your lips Apple cobbler sweet and thick I'm gon' eat you 'til I'm sick Yo' dessert is worth a grip I admit you make me trip Make me wanna run to the mall like I'm a trick I can't believe you're makin a baller have a fit Trippin, switchin past my clique Lick that juicy, ask my clique Stretch them jeans girl make them fit Make me go outside and pit You know me, my cake is sick Me and Timbo makin hits Apple cobbler, thick and rich Just how hot can one girl get? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: L.L. Cool J f/ Timbaland Album: The Definition Song: Headsprung Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Verse - L.L. Cool J] They call me Big L'y, Big Silly Big Money, Big Billy When I'm sliding in them all can ya hear me? I be sexing wit these bars so ya feel me Let me grip it up for cuz in the back Let me grip it get a buzz in ya hat I'm a tell ya how to cause an attack Timbaland, Ladies Love on the track Lovely get the ice, pop champagne Don't forget I used to ride on the train When I bump it right, call my name Go crazy in the mall wit James Dump that, not ill like me Bring the women in to chill for free Let me tell ya girl, don't try me You better have I.D.! [Chorus - Timbaland] (2x) When we be up in the club We be posting the back When we be in the club Girl always come to the back And we bout to get our head sprung And we bout to get our head sprung And we bout to get our head sprung And we bout to get our head sprung [Verse - L.L. Cool J] Lord have mercy! If the broad is thirsty I'll have her man reimburse me The part that hurts me, is when they try to work me But I could never let ya jerk me Steady sticking to the wall, give it up Sneaking through the back door live it up Got the champagne, pour me a cup Got the girls looking raw in the front Got a call your man's in town Tell the bar, a-nother round Got all my mans holding me down Kinda thick ma, let's get down, so get wit it I'm saying what time wanna dip wit it? Got playas on the grind, wanna skip wit it Backstage you mine, I'm a spit wit it, hey! [Bridge - L.L. Cool J] (Ladies) ((Fellas)) Hey ladies! (Yeah!) no need to get your hair done I said yo ladies! (Yeah!) no need to get your hair done I'm a get your head sprung, I'm a get your head sprung I'm a get your head sprung, I'm a get your head sprung I said yo fellas ((Yo!)) no need to throw them ones I said yo fellas ((Yo!)) no need to throw them ones I'm a get your head sprung, I'm a get your head sprung I'm a get your head sprung, I'm a get your head sprung (Hey!) [Outro - Timbaland] Yeah! Keep chillin wit em, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Timbaland Album: The Definition Song: Rub My Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [LL Cool J] Sippin somethin on the rocks I got a shorty that makes the bed hop I got plans to spoil you even though you sayin stop I'ma drop that phantom on you baby watch Roberto Cavali and the Denali, am I hot? Malibu Beaches and hydrofoil yachts Baddest Mercedes, Lorenzos, and silver fox I keep it flowin see we goin to the top I'ma get you everything, give a damn how much you tell me stop You want it hotter then we take it 'cross seas Party jumpin is bumpin, tokin somethin in Belize .. I know you want it sucka free Know you wantin to shine, even though you fightin me .. Take it easy player Talkin greasy player, know you can feel me player Uhh.. you put it down tight Yeah you not havin what you want don't even sound right [Chorus: Timbaland] Hey lady! I'm gonna hit you with a wine Mercedes Somebody's gotta work the mouth my baby All you do is rub my back Rub my back! Rub my back! Rub my back! Rub my back! I said MY baby Watch television in the Escalade-y Go shoppin when you want to baby All you do is rub my back Rub my back! Rub my back! Rub my back! Rub my back! Ohh! [LL Cool J] Lay down for a while pretty, relax a minute .. I caught a feelin when you represented Gave you that Mercedes, you better get up in it .. Get off the corner, come to pop some vintage You never seen a player flip your whole life Dip the Caddy on the freeway, hittin the strobe light .. You got a mean walk at times right? I'm here to shine like, I get your mind right Uhh, Charles Jordan girl if you wanna take a hit Gotta {?} between the lippers this is it .. Lazy, lay back and count the chips Some call it trickin or ballin, depends on who you wit Him or L baby, so who you gonna pick Mack motor, I told ya, I want ya livin rich You don't know about a brother Blow around a brother, money flow around a brother [LL Cool J] Don't trip I know you like the rocks Wanna dip 'round the corner in the drop Music bumpin you frontin although you say you're not .. You got your eyes on the watch You love the Pasha, the {?}, the Cartier is hot .. Baby you need somethin, shop You got me trippin and goin bananas, baby stop I caught a mean one, you never seen one She like cream, how brothers gonna front on me? Spoilin somethin the average homey never see I mean it's only some money, nuttin to me .. But yet and still you question me I got it that's if you want it or I'ma set you free .. Got 'em in line they beggin me Baby regardless your body is killin me Girl I'm lovin your anatomy Your personality, so whatcha want from me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Demi Lovato f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Unbroken Song: All Night Long Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Demi Lovato] I love the way you're talking I'm lovin what you're doing, boy I don't fall easy often I've never had a love like you before I like you, put your number, put your number in my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone, yeah You heard me right so call me, call me when you're all alone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone [Chorus: Demi Lovato] Don't make plaaaaaaans C'mon with me, we'll stay up all night long I want you, and I want you baaaaaaaaad Let's keep the party goin all night long Let's keep the party goin all night long (Hey!) All night long (Hey!), all night long (Hey!), all night, all night All night long (Hey!), all night long (Hey!), all night, all night Ah-ah-ah-all night! [Demi Lovato] I'm on another planet I'm in another universe You may not understand it Sooner or later baby you will learn I like you, put your number, put your number in my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone, yeah You heard me right so call me, call me when you're all alone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone [Missy Elliott] We could party all night night, wanna spend a night night? Will you be my type? By the end of the night we could pillow fight Yo' Missy's real nice, come closer cause I don't bite You talkin how I like, you play daddy, I play wife I-I-I'm so alone, no-no-no one is home I got yo', got yo' na-na-number in my telephone Wanna wanna wanna be ya gurl, wanna wanna wanna be my man Boy we can hold hands, write our names in the sands It's the weekend, don't make plans [Timbaland] (Demi Lovato) Party start - (when you're here) After dark - (we don't care) {*both*} We gon' set it off, we-we gon' set it off Party start - (when you're here) After dark - (we don't care) {*both*} We gon' set it off, we-we gon' set it ah-ah-off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: L.O.X. f/ Eve, Timbaland Album: We Are the Streets Song: Ryde or Die, Bitch Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com [Jadakiss] I'm feelin this hook right here Good lookin out Timbaland, y'know? [Timbaland] Uh-huh What? Uh-huh What? [Timbaland] (Eve) [I need a ryde or die bitch]  	(I like to rock Prada suits and my ass is fat) [I need a ryde or die bitch]  	(I push a Cadillac truck with my friends in the back) [I need a ryde or die bitch] 	(Smoke 'dro, drink liquor, like to fuck 'til I cum) [I need a ryde or die bitch] 	(I rock a icy ass chain with a earring in my tongue) [Jadakiss] Ha Yo, yo, yo Yeah, what's up ma, what's going on, I know you know 'Kiss The nigga with the hot flow and a cold wrist Can flow always, sit on 4 K's Then wait for a drought and flood 'em with all 'dres Ryde or die chick, hand do a B.I. Give a nigga up north some ass on a V.I. And she blackout when she in the mall Got the brand new spring Prada shit in the fall Don't matter what size panties, fitting her small And she don't got no problem hittin' us all And she said she got a man, but he in the fed And she miss him so much that she pee in the bed So you know I had to lighten her raw, fighting the dog Pushing the seat back gettin' right in the fall Make her use a fake credit card twice in a store Might make you do it tomorrow you triflin' whore [Styles Paniro] I need a chick that ryde or die, pullin' the 5 Gettin' high with the Gucci frames over her eyes Sweet to the tail, still won't fuck in the Benz cause she bought me a Polo coat and a couple of Timbs' Doobie was rap, both in the movie with gats Gave me head cause the movie was wack, word Toasted her crib, blow in the fridge, she needed to work I died and that bitch gon' put weed in my hearse Gamed her to death, tattooed my name on her neck You don't wanna see me bangin' the left, hittin' the gas That bitch out the window poppin' heat in yo' ass You could catch Holiday in a Holiday Inn With a bad bitch swallowin' gin, word And if it got to do with money count Holiday in With my ryde or die bitch that'll body your man You don't like me as a artist, she gon' body your fam' [Sheek Luchion] Uh, uh, yo Yo, when you see Sheek, don't look at me as Sheek from The L.O.X. Look at me as that cat that know how to box Know about glocks, know about slingin' them rocks Know about runnin' from cops and switchin' up spots How to get rich, know about thuggin' a bitch Fuck 'em in the park, fuck a sweet as the Ritz They like that shit, and I ain't gotta spend no checks Fuck diamonds, all they really want is rough ass sex And they name, shout it out when I'm up at Flex I get drunk with bitches that don't get drunk Don't get high, have 'em doing drive-by's Shit they never did, forgetting about they kids Moms babysitting, ain't seen her in a week I'm a bad influence to parents that hate Sheek I need a ryde or die bitch that'll take this coke Out of town, and come back and breakdown when I'm broke, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ Justin Timberlake and Timbaland Album: Hard Candy Song: 4 Minutes Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Timbaland - Intro Repeat 3 1/2X] I'm outta time and all I got is  four minutes, fikki fikki four minutes - EY! I'm outta time and all I got is  four minutes, fikki fikki four minutes - EY! I'm outta time and all I got is  four minutes, fikki fikki eru, eru, c'mon Ah..yeah Hah...Breakdown, c'mon! [Justin Timberlake] Hey, uh, c'mon Madonna.. [Madonna] C-C-C'mon boy I've been waiting for somebody to pick up my stroll Uh... [Justin Timberlake] Uh, well, don't waste time Give me a sign, tell me how you wanna roll Uh, mmm... [Madonna]  I want somebody, to speed it up for me  then take it down slow There's enough room for both.. [Justin Timberlake] (Timbaland) Well, I can handle that You just gotta show me where this at Are you ready to go? Are you ready to go? (Fikki, fikki, fikki, fikki, fikki, fikki, c'mon) [Madonna + Timberlake] If you want it You already got it If you thought it, it better be what you want If you feel it, it must be real just say the word and I'ma give you what you want [Chorus: Madonna (Justin Timberlake)] The time is waiting... (We only got four minutes to save the world!) No hesitating... Grab a boy (then grab a girl!) Time is waiting... (We only got four minutes to save the world!) No hesitating... (We only got four minutes, heh a-four minutes) [Interlude: Justin Timberlake] (Madonna) So keep it up, keep it up Don't be a pri--hey--Madonna Uh, you gotta get in line, hop (Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock) That's right, keep it up, keep it up Don't be a pri--hey--Madonna Uh, you gotta get in line, hop (Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock) [Madonna] (Timbaland) (Fikki fikki, eruh) Sometimes I think, what I need, is a you intervention.. Yeaaah.. [Justin Timberlake] And you know I can tell that you like it And that it's good, by the way that you move Ohhh..hey [Madonna] The road to hell is paved with good intentions.. Yeaaaah.. [Justin Timberlake] But if I die tonight  At least I can say, I did what I wanted to do Tell me, how 'bout you? (Fikki, fikki, eruh) [Madonna + Timberlake] If you want it You already got it If you thought it, it better be what you want (c'mon) If you feel it, it must be real just say the word and I'ma give you what you want [Chorus + Interlude] [Timbaland - Outro] Breakdown.. Yeah.. (Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock...) Yeah.. Uh... (Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock...) I only got four minutes... to save the world... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Melanie G f/ Timbaland Album: Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (Soundtrack) Song: Word Up! Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Alright let's just go for it Come on baby (uh, uh, come on baby) Yeah, ey eh (uh, ah, fricky-fricky-fricky, one time) Ow (can you feel me), yeah, ey eh (come on) Ow pretty ladies around the world Got a weird thing to show you so tell all the boys and girls Tell your brother, your sister and your mama too Cause we're about to go down and you know just what to do Wave your hands in the air like you don't care Fly by the people as they stop to look and stare Do your dance, do your dance, ah do your dance quick Mama, come on baby, tell me what's the word, uh Word up, everybody say When you hear the call you got to get it underway, ah Word up (word up), it's the code word No matter where you say it, you know that you'll be heard (Word up), yeah, ey eh, come on baby (uh, uh, uh) Yeah, ey eh, ow (word up) Word up, (come on), yeah, ey eh, ow (can you feel it) Yeah, ey eh (uh, come on) Now all you sucker DJ's who think you're fly There's got to be a reason and we know the reason why You try to put on those Airs and act real cool But you got to realise that you're acting like fools If there's music we can use it, we're free to dance We don't have no time for psychological romance No romance, no romance, no romance for me Mama, come on baby, tell me what's the word, uh Word up (word up), everybody say When you hear the call you got to get it underway, ah Word up (word up), it's the code word No matter where you say it, you know that you'll be heard Word up, ow (word up, word up, uh) Word up, everybody say When you hear the call you got to get it underway, ah Word up (word up), it's the code word No matter where you say it, you know that you'll be heard (Word up), yeah, eh ey, come on baby (uh, uh, ha) Yeah, eh ey, ow, word up, ow (word up, can you feel it) Yeah, eh ey (ah, ah, word up) Word up, everybody say Word up, it's the code word (word up) Word up (word up, do you like that, do you like that, do you like that) Word up (word up, do you like that, do you like that) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.I.A. f/ Timbaland Album: Kala Song: Come Around Typed by: DCS10251980@yahoo.com [M.I.A. - Chorus] Check my coat in and I paid the dollar Sidekick rings - "What's up? Holla!" Text the address - 'I'll see you later!' Baby, come down! Come down, come down, come down Run down, run down, run down Run, make a run, make a run, make a run Make a run, make a run, make a run down A dun da da dun da da dun da da dun da da dun dun  Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on A dun da da dun da da dun, dun da da dun da da dun dun Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on [M.I.A. - Verse 1] In a faraway land, we got shit made Ray-Ban shades, warheads laid Babies born in air raids My girls run The Everglades Indian tribesmen, gamble spades Indian chicks, they get men laid! Milk and honey, smoke high-grade Gold and diamond, gems and jade Ride up on our tanks - Invade! Blow up things to save our name Mina, Rina, Tina, Sabrina Being a super-Indian babe We black market, we black made We hit shit out when it rains! Would you come down and catch my train? Would you run down and play this game? [M.I.A. - Chorus] Check my coat in and I paid the dollar Sidekick rings - "What's up? Holla!" Text the address - 'I'll see you later!' Baby, come down! Come down, come down, come down Run down, run down, run down Run, make a run, make a run, make a run Make a run, make a run, make a run down A dun da da dun da da dun da da dun da da dun dun  Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on A dun da da dun da da dun, dun da da dun da da dun dun Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on  [Timbaland - Verse 2] Hey, hey!  Baby girl, you and me, need to go to your teepee The moon is full, and I'm shining Baby, I know you see me! Put a hump or two on your back, just like that Ooh, girl you're on fire! I don't wanna be in love wit cha I'mma just break you off and say goodbye The night is young, don't make me wait You just might miss your chance I'm gonna tell you the truth Timbaland, I'm the motherfuckin' man! Today's the day - girl, let me get that! Don't get mad - in fact, let me hit that! I've been overkillin' them - I break backs! Come down, run down - girl, where your place at? [M.I.A. - Chorus] Check my coat in and I paid the dollar Sidekick rings - "What's up? Holla!" Text the address - 'I'll see you later!' Baby, come down! Come down, come down, come down Run down, run down, run down Run, make a run, make a run, make a run Make a run, make a run, make a run down A dun da da dun da da dun da da dun da da dun dun  Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on A dun da da dun da da dun, dun da da dun da da dun dun Dun da da dun da da dun dun Beat goes on [Timbaland - Interlude] Break! Ha! Ha! Hands up in the air one time! And bounce, bounce, bounce Let me tell you somethin' [Timbaland - Outro] Don't get it twisted, baby girl Baby boy, 'cause Timbaland ain't dead Don't get it twisted, baby girl Baby boy, 'cause Timbaland ain't dead  Don't get it twisted, baby girl Baby boy, 'cause Timbaland ain't dead Don't get it twisted, baby girl Baby boy, 'cause Timbaland ain't dead Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  Bounce, 'cause Timbaland ain't dead! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Block Party Song: 9th Inning Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Timbaland] Yeah, Yeah! Check it... Yeah! [Missy Elliott] Now I'm in the 9th inning Thought I fell off, I ain't quite finished Yeah, I'm 'bout to put my foot in it Talk wit' it, walk wit' it, I'm no gimmick (YEAH!) Twnety-twelve, there be no games Real rap, real bars, I'm not playin Haters y'all lame, you a Missy fayne I'm a beast in the booth, I'm just sayin (YEAH!) I make 'em wanna get low Duck wit' it, buck wit' it, let's go Everytime I spit a rhyme, it's a sick flow You newcomers better sit back and take notes (YEAH!) This here my time Here I come, better run, take what's mine 'Bout to let off like a Tec 9 (BR-R-R-R-RAT!) This rhyme gon' make 'em push rewind (YEAH!) Yeah, I'm so hot Up on the charts, number one spot See me when I drop and I won't flop Missy never stop, got the music game on lock (YEAH!) Wanna get served? You third, you second, but I come first Flip my verse like I flip birds I'm FYAAAH~! Yessir [Chorus: Timbaland] We hit makin, hit breakin Party shakin, innovator Groundbreakin, sole creator We be the most anticipated Hit makin, hit breakin Party shakin, innovator Groundbreakin, sole creator We be the most anticipated [Missy Eliiott over Chorus] Aiyyo, Timbaland! They thought it was over! We on that next shit! THEY'RE BAAAACK! What! [Timbaland] Now I'm in the 9th inning Niggaz think I fail when I'm still winnin So I been gone for a hot minute I love this shit, that's why I got a gift in it (YEAH!) Fuck nigga, get fly Nigga cain't talk wit' a gun in the mouth Niggaz bitch up, bet they run in the house I can smell bullshit when they walk by (YEAH!) Heard that old saying, yo Never ever cross a one day, give ya most Never ever act funny for the white folks I'm a big fisherman when you a tadpole (YEAH!) or like Lady Ga' (Gaga) Why you let a nigga do ya whole album? Where you think that fake producer got ya style from? Come fuck witta nigga, watch the outcome (YEAH!) Ain't no real artists Wack talent get in real starvin All you hear in music is the chorus Well that's okay, Timmy back in the story [Missy Elliott over Chorus] Y'all cain't be serious! We break records, I done told y'all! How many of y'all got a catalogue this long? Don't worry, I'll wait! [Missy Elliott] Down to the 9th inning I'm the real deal, y'all pretendin Years later, my songs still spinnin I do record deals no less than ten milli (YEAH!) My hits be yay long My songs go on like a marathon Get ghost, get gone, you a dum-dum Better 'round here, come on biters like a python (YEAH!) Wanna act fly? Wanna act like you better than the M-I Shakin 'em, bakin 'em all like a bean pie Takin 'em, burnin 'em down like I'm Left Eye (YEAH!) Futuristic Y'all can pack it up, I done ripped it When you say my name, call me Miss Bitch I make the next chick run to the exit (YEAH!) Yeah, yeah I got a sick sense I'm makin this a movie like a Netflix I'm on the guest list, on the check list I'm the flyest chick, now tell me who the best is! (YEAH!) Elliott be the name Elliott back in the game Elliott hit it wit' a bang Bring the hook back in, Timbalaind [Missy Elliott over Chorus] Did y'all forget?!! I think they forgot! They think we done! All we do is make hits! [Outro] And if you want a hit? Maybe we'll return ya call Don't call collect {You have a collect call from -} {*dial tone*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott f/ 702, Magoo Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Beep Me 911 Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net	Corrections: janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Missy, bring it in [Missy] Why you played on me? Wasn't I good enough for you? (Wasn't I good enough) All those other girls you've been with Can't do like I do (Do, do) Gave you all my dough When you needed it all the time And if you planning on leavin' me again Then give me a sign (Say what, say what)   [702] 1 - 	Beep me 911 	Or call me on my cell phone 	I'll call you back 	To see what you gon' tell me 	You don't wanna date 	No if's ands or waits 	It's over babe 	Beep me 911 	Or call me on my cell phone 	I'll call you back 	To see what you gon' tell me 	You don't wanna date 	No if's ands or waits 	It's over babe [Missy] Why you cheatin' on me? Can you tell me what I've done I thought you was the one But you just a hit and run  Gave up clubs and parties I put them aside (I stopped going to all the parties) Left me in the dark with no kind of sign (Why don't you give me a sign) Repeat 1 All my friends say I can do better than you (Say what, say what) Maybe they was right Cuz I feel like a fool (Fool, fool) But I can't let you go Until you take some time To tell me why you left me without A God damn sign (Say what, say what) Repeat 1 [Timbaland] Magoo, Magoo [Magoo] Type of nigga' made built to last Look homegirl I pump like gas wind Get ya friend and ya girl and them My sex drive workout like a gym can Was the girl that I used to hit You the girl that I got to quit See the kitty cat Gotta gold it like a light In the night you the freak I'm out wit Don't bite No diggity, who took you out No doubt when I first got down Made the bro' shout Look out, make it live Dip and dive, stayin' alive Shoot me sugar, there it is Now we talkin' square biz I'm leaving you without a reas(on) What I steal, but a kiss What you think, I'm hen pecked? Girl, get yo mind checked Take the time, recollect I just gave you disrespect [Timberland] Ahh Like that? Like that? Beep me 911 baby Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Say what? Say what? Misdemeanor, 702 What cha'all gonna do fellas? Don't beep them 911 Don't beep them 911 Don't beep them 911 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Kim, Mocha, Timbaland Album: Can't Hardly Wait Soundtrack Song: Hit 'Em Wit' Da Hee (Remix) Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Verse One: Lil' Kim Missy (B.I.G.), uhh (hah hah) yeah I like dat Uhh, it's the Q to tha B to tha double E spittin' lovely And it don't stop, rocks shine through my tank top Where your bank stop?, I deposit all of one drop (hah) Thank not, exscuse me but uh I like to flow cause this Joint knocks harder then Indica and I be off the wall like The Lox Night box filled with Benjamins (woo) Me and my girl Missy gettin' pissy up in Benigans Makin' all you other rappers begin again, like Finnigan Christians repent then sin again (woo) Girls wanna be my friend again Lay up in my crib-o-wit', get up in my limousine While 'Misdemeanor' hit notes like Sarafina I subpeona you to my funk room see I hit you wit' da huhhh, she wit' you wit' da hee Verse Two: Missy You're not good enough to satisfy me (uh huh, can't satisfy me) Even with yo cars and all the fly whips, I won't trip (uhh) Cause I got many guys that wanna buy me (uh huh) French cuts for my wrists to keep me hooked smooth out and dip I keep hittin' Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee (I hit 'em wit' da hee) [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa [This ones for you and me] This for you and me Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Three: Missy Just cause you cash a check and put in in da bank (uh huh) That don't make me want to go out and sleep wit' you (nah nah) I got my own ride and gas in da tank (uh huh) Thanks, but no thanks, I won't be needin' you I hit 'em wit' da Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa This for you and me [For you and me, for you and me] Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Four: Mocha Uh yo uh yo, it be me M-O, on the M-I-C Repin' N.Y.C., the true V.I.P. And I can't see nobody, who can come this real Get it done this real, gettin' love this real Niggas love this feel, gimme a Dutch to peel Moc-ha takin' ov-er, cause I'm so ill Got used to talkin' shit, they not witnessin' it And while I'm spittin' like this Check what I'm hittin' 'em wit' Bridge Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em wit' da ha) Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em with' da hee) Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee I hit 'em wit' da haa [This is for you and me] This for you and me (this for you and me) Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Interlude: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh huh uh uh Sometimes I feel like movin' my feet Sometimes I won't, wha uh huh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we don't (yo yo yo yo) Misdemeanor Verse Five: Missy I'm comin' around the corna corna You think you tough, well let me see what you wonna wonna Cause on the mic I get it hot like Datoyna don't I I get the party jumpin' from 5 in the mornin' You wanna bumble wit' da Bee then let me see call her You wanna be a big balla, big spend-aholic I get the feeling that you tryin' to impress me One two one three, hit you wit' da hee Hee hee hee hee hee hee Outro: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, wha uh huh Sometimes we feel like movin' my feet Sometimes we won't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we won't wha Uh huh, yeah uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: This is Not a Test Song: Let it Bump Typed by: HarlemKnghtrss88@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Gotta cut the music up man [Missy Elliott] AAhhhh [Timbaland] Gotta cut the music up man [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] I'm-I'm-I'm Mi-Mi-Mi-Missy Radio play m all the time Write my own rhymes and I swear I'm fly This flow here form 83 From a to z you can't fuck wit me Me and Timbaland man I'll be damn Remember when Lyte was in love wit Sam I used to be in love wit this guy name Sam But to me oh my Gosh he was one in a million I came through cause I rock the show  Wack MC's get kicked in the throat Keep on sleepin cause you think I'm a joke Uh, Uh, Uh Let it bump (Let it bump) [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) I'm Missy I'm-I'm Let it bump (Let it bump) I'm Missy Let it bump (Let it bump) I'm Missy I'm Missy on the microphone (Gotta cut the music up man) [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] I'm Missy on the microphone I'm stupid fresh that's the shit I'm on {come on} Sucka MC's come new in the game Swear ya hip-hop you just a new jack swing {uh) Remember when Shantay was live on stage  Shantay was live on stage Let me back that shit up  For ya for ya no hip-hoppers I'm Missy on the microphone I'm stupid fresh that's the shit I'm on Sucka MC's come new in the game Swear ya hip-hop but don't know Daddy Kane This time Missy rhyme crazy though Haters wanna know my antidote Try to catch up cause ya mind is slow [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) [Break] Missy & (Timbaland) (Gotta cut the music up man) Me and Timba-Timba-Timba-Timba Timbaland Me and Timbaland man I'll be damn (Cut Cut Cut-cu-cu cut the music up man) (Cut Cut Cut-cu-cu cut the music up man) [Verse 3 - Timbaland] Me and Missy come fresh on tracks {oh} 5 albums deep can ya handle that {that} We came from the basement to platinum plaques {plaques} We sittin on something this black on black {oh} Jimmy Dean, he's the engineer {neer} A nigga been down for about 10 years {years} Fixin that stuff to make it sound so clear {clear} Uh, Uh, Uh Let it bump (Let it bump) [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Scream a.k.a. Itchin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Music.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. I met him in the Bahamas, I love that nigga per-sona Smoke that nigga marijuana, get freaky call me Madonna Lay on the bed he follow, bone him until to-morrah Make him sing high sopran-ah, AHHHHHHHH!! Fifty-fo'-fifty-fifty, Mr. Act-Super-Kinky Baby what you gon' get me, is some rings for my lil' pinkie Money will multiply, 'fore you run up inside Make me all weak and tired, mmhmmm.. [Chorus: Timbaland + Missy] You got ta.. (scream) If you up in the club, you think you tearin it up You got ta, got ta.. (scream) Well pour most of the liquor, then you watchin people buzz You got ta, got ta.. (scream) If you from out of town, you think you're holdin it down You got ta, got ta.. (scream) You got ta.. you got ta.. [Missy] He say he from Puerto Rico, he told me to call him Chico Freakin up in the Nico, my ego got really negro Throw the heat throw heat be bold, though I'm like dice in cee-lo Makin heads scream and moan, AHHHHH!!! Send 'em back home Boy is really worth it, just to get dirty dirty Give me that liquor liquor, make me talk slurry slurry Money will multiply, 'fore you run up inside Get me all weak and tired, mmhmmm.. [Missy] He asked could he rock my body, he also asked could he buy me a drink six-oh Ferrari, then ride up in my safari Shit what a deal word up, how much it cost now Shit what the deal word up how much it cost Play your position listen, where is your pot to piss in 'Fore we start really kissin, hot as freaky kitchen Hey what the deal word up how much it cost now Hey what the deal word up how much it cost now [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Whatcha Gon' Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun I be dippin in clubs, girls screamin, "Do you want it Timb?" Niggaz, playa hatin sayin, "Who the hell is him?" I'm in the back, gleamin from all that virgin gem Keep a bunch of pretty models surroundin Timb I'm over capac'y when it come to makin them beats Me and Missy makin Y'ALL, move y'all feets Makin y'all dance and tango, make y'all legs get weak That's only cause we drop a bunch of heat That's whatcha gonna expect, comin from my crew Bunch of dope beats, and a bunch of dope lyrics too I know that's too much for you to handle dude Now ask yourself what.. [Chorus: Timbaland] Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? [Missy] When me come in the spot, dem wannn' jock Dem nasty boy lookin around, with big cocks Them girls be plottin on how to get the rocks So I beat that ass to the ground like I'm the cops AHH, what they gon' say, AHH, don't wan' play RRR, get 'em in the club, AHH, smokin on hay, HEY AHH, when I'm in my ride, OH AHH, people walkin by AH AHH, pistol by my side, B-BRRR, in case dem wan' try [Timbaland] I be gettin in girls clothes, make 'em buy my whole wardrobe Better get all my dough, pluckin the hair in my nose It's official I'm a pimp, cause my name glows If (?) I'm back to the Yugos [Missy] Talkin that junk, you get BURRIED You don't wanna end up in the cemeTARRRRY Me and Timbaland got tracks that will KILL YOU Any other hen I got gats that will PEEL YOU Whatcha gon' say, RRR, whatcha gon' do, RRR When I'm in the club, RRR, comin for you I'm just a smooth motherfucker (aww yeah baby) (Y'all heard me?!) Ahhh Whatcha gon' say, RRR, whatcha gon' do, RRR When I'm in the club, RRR, and comin for you I'm just a smooth motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M. Pokora f/ Sebastian, Timbaland Album: iTunes/MP3 Song: Dangerous Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com [M. Pokora] She's got an appetite that won't stop (Yeah!) The way that she's dancing should be against the law (Yeah!) She likes to show off party Her body act like the life for a party And make it hard for you to keep her And it's just a matter of time (Yeah!) For it starts to play with your mind (Come On) She's supersonic and her eyes are so hypnotic I used to think that she was innocent, girl. [M. Pokora] She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous [M. Pokora] She'll do anything for a good time (Yeah Oh!) She'll break your back it sounds like last time (Yeah Oh!) She's so exotic and it's so amazing She's the perfect girl for any occasion And it's just a matter of time (Yeah!) For she starts to play with your mind (Come On) That girl is evil and her love should be illegal You'll get to close her fear all ... wanna be her [M. Pokora] She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous [Sebastian] (Oh here she comes) Acting all sophisticated So new like you can't upgrade it Can't hate it And and and and (Oh here she comes) With the diamonds all in her ear lobe Bluetooth all in her hear hole Check how the story unfolds You in VIP and she's scheming up a plot You pushing up them bottles and she pushin up her top She gives you little stares as you rubbin thru her hair then She shake her derriere And and and and (Come On) You just thinking the draws might drop Well I'm just thinkin' she's counting out your knot You feeling on your shirt pockets like you've been shot but You really been got Let's rock [M. Pokora] She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous She's got the passion That girl is dangerous Better be careful That girl is dangerous Beautiful Hard way That girl is dangerous She's dangerous, dangerous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Jade f/ Timbaland Album: Girl, Interrupted Song: Big Head Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com [Intro - Timbaland] One time *freak freaky* uh uhm Two time *ah two* uh uhm Three time *uh uh* uh uhm *freaky* four times *freaky* Ms. Jade [Verse 1 - Ms. Jade (Ms. Jade singing)] Ain't no other girl girl Representin for the whole world world Make it my du-ty Try'n show off thinkin they can move me (Here we go again) one time (Never take me off my grind) and I do it true true Do me is my number one rule rule Look I'm grown grown Haters I'm leavin 'em long gone gone Got 'em with they (hands up high) Twisted at the bar I'm feelin (all right) Show 'em (what they need to ride) Dancin til they feet hurtin (all night) cause I stack cheese cheese I'm whatever its gonna be be Uh, and its all to the good Never been Hollywood cause I stand for the hood Its a different (day now) Watch how I'm makin the game (break down) See me doin it it I'm bout as good as its gonna get get Uh, Philly chick get it down If the flood is comin I promise I ain't gon' drown Make the music (move you) Timb's hittin you crazy so you can (groove to) Uh Beat Club on the rise and I got got g-got my eyes on the prize [Chorus - Ms. Jade & Timbaland] Get your big head on the floor  (get your big head on the floor) You ain't ever seen me move like this Get your big head on the floor  (get your big head on the floor) You ain't ever seen me groove like this Get your big head on the floor  (get your big head on the floor) You ain't ever seen me move like this Get your big head on the floor  (get your big head on the floor) You ain't ever seen me groove like this [Verse 2 - Ms. Jade (Ms. Jade singing)] We done did it now now Why don't you put your money on me now now Make you feel free free you ain't even on the same league league From the sky to (house parties) Sippin martinis under the (palm trees) You can light it up up Sick ceiling leave niggas thugs thugs Whats really goin on on Partyin to the break of dawn dawn Uh, switchin lanes in the truck and we know its gonna catch up but we still gettin drunk Lets get (rooms for the night) This a Timb trick so you (know its tight) Uh, stackin the ching ching and its obvious I'm gonna get a little vibrant thing Tear the floor (up in the club) Rappers (?) with (chicks and the thugs) Move, from the bottom to the top Got ya self a gun and get prepared for the glock Uh, and its all to the love Twist up your drink get your drink for your mugs Uh, and its all to the love Twist up your drinks get your drinks for your buzz [Chorus x2] [Outro - Timbaland] Uh, break it down for me Uh, break it down for me Break it down for me Hu heh Get your big head on the floor You ain't never seen me move like this Get your big head on the floor You ain't never seen me groove like this Get your big head on the floor You ain't never seen me move like this Get your big head on the floor You ain't never seen me groove like this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Jade f/ Nelly Furtado, Timbaland Album: Girl Interrupted Song: Ching Ching Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro x4][Nelly Furtado] Ba da ba ba ching ching ching Ba da ba ba ba ching ching What about the money that I spent up today (*Hook goes on in background of song) [Timbaland] Tim took you from ghetto to class, how to hold your glass To Fendi's to bags, for holdin' your cash People was seein' you pass, like right through the drapes I brought you the private, ounce wit the gates Thinkin' that stuff make me faint, just whistle real fast Cougars roll in the grass, same cat on your Jag Why your keepin' them tabs, and callin' me for It cost every minute, and you know I'm on tour And I'm deeply committed, although I'm forgettin' Sometimes while hittin' it ,different names would slip If I been wit a chick, check me miss Your complexion switched, honey you been on trips But you don't appreciate this, till your back in the Jetta No iceberg you own, just Angelica's sweaters If the steaks ain't T-Bone, you ain't properly fed Hun tonight is bet burgers, no cheese on the bread And I say [Hook x2][Timbaland & Nelly Furtado] What about my ching ching ching What about my bling bling bling What about the money that I spent up today What about his ching ching ching What about his bling bling bling What about his money that I spent up today [Ms. Jade] Boy you act like I need ya, came down wit amnesia Ran to y'alls in the meters, nuttin' but hate in between us Now you come poppin' this shit, nigga I made you rich Introduce you to Cris, flipped and secured your bricks Even though them kids ain't mine, let 'em call me mami I deserve them dollars, trip to the Bahamas and Porsche rotten I washed your clothes, put up wit your hoes Never fucked up yo dough, put the G in ya glow So what you sweatin' me fo', I promoted them tours I was poppin' them fours, run in and outta them stores I cleaned up your spot, poured your brandy and scotch Razor blades to the rocks, even lied to the cops Played your wifey and mother, cousin, sister and brother Accountant lawyer and lover, I'm through dealin' wit suckers Shuttin' and lockin' the door, bout to settle the score You wastin' my time, nigga, but what about my nigga [Hook x2][Ms. Jade & Nelly Furtado] What about your ching ching ching What about your bling bling bling So what you spent up all your money today What about his ching ching ching What about his bling bling bling What about his money that I spent up today [Ms. Jade] Boy money ain't everything, married minus the ring Frequent Coach, mink, coats, cruises on ships and boats I gave you way more, can't there bout all your bulls Since day one it was ours it never was yours Uh - look at the bigger picture, study the ghetto scripture Held your back when you was broke frontin' cuz now you richer No frontin' in that there, Ms. Jade is everywhere Enough talkin' I'm through, my lawyer will be callin' you [Nelly Furtado] All this money that he's spendin', you owe me everything I wanna tell him it's not his money, he tell me to go away, baby Wish he'd only give me a chance to show him that I'm alive I'm gonna be there and you need peace and tender all up in his life Yeah, yeah, yeah [Hook x2][Timbaland & Nelly Furtado] What about my ching ching ching What about my bling bling bling What about the money that I spent up today What about his ching ching ching What about his bling bling bling What about his money that I spent up today [Outro x4] Ba da ba ba ching ching ching Ba da ba ba ba ching ching What about the money that I spent up today The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Jade f/ Timbaland Album: Girl Interrupted Song: Ching Ching - Part 2 Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist 	[Timbaland] Hey, hey, what about my ching, ch-ching, ch-ching Hey, hey, what about my ching, ch-ching, ch-ching Hey, hey, what about my ching, ch-ching, ch-ching Hey, hey, what about my ching, ch-ching, ch-ching 	[Timbaland] You got the game all wrong Moving on the pain's all gone, oh Get back to do it in the next telephone Come up out that then bling bling in your neck lookin wrong, oh Hair did every week Shoes are bout five hundred dollars up on your feet, oh Have you acting all extra Give me this, give me that, talking real reckless Like my name was Saint Nicholas Santa Claus, ho ho ho, talking ridiculous Girl you better go go go I'm getting sick of this All you wanted was my doe I'm gettin bigger chips Pass on singer you would never lift a finger All you did was bop to my beats and tell me that was ? When did you act like a wife of Betty and my girl You was steady living in a material world oh 	[Timbaland] This goes out to my ballin crew Throw your hands up in the air if you feel me Love 'em all day, love 'em all night Don't get 'em girls roll doe 	[Ms. Jade] This goes out to my chicks that flow Put ya dubs up in the air if you feel me Get 'em all day, get 'em all night Come up off that doe 	[Ms. Jade] Sick of this song bout the money you spent Boo what about the money I leant Timberlands and the Sean John ? You forget about the times I went half on your rent, no Bailing you out of jail Makin sure you don't forget to go and see your P-O Piss test straight made you stop smokin dro But you home as your ? so you could work on your flow, ho I was your down ass bitch in the street Brawling niggaz I ain't never even flip You had wondering eyes I ain't never even trip Spent a couple dollars Now you poppin fly at the lip Nigga I taught you how the game go L-B puffs dummy you was stinkin rainbow Quadripled a million you was thinkin lame doe Permanent reminder you ain't dealin with no lame ho 	[Timbaland] This goes out to my ballin crew Throw your hands up in the air if you feel me Love 'em all day, love 'em all night Don't get 'em girls roll doe 	[Ms. Jade] This goes out to my chicks that flow Put ya dubs up in the air if you feel me Get 'em all day, get 'em all night Come up off that doe 	[Timbaland] Come on girl I ain't even tryna hear that Better off by myself I know you hear that All you wanna do is takin my money and argue Stop playin you be callin me tomorrow 	[Ms. Jade] You must be crazy my bags is packed Minks in the back of the 'lac, a hundreds is stacked I don't want no parts Got a lawyer like Mr. ? Money locked in, plus the streets watchin 	[Timbaland] What you gon' do without a pimp like me No pocket money, no rich wifee Now ya mad at me wanna cause me pain It ain't worked out now you tryna take my change 	[Ms. Jade] Bout to take everything not just your change That new ring you just got scoop your things Parked in my driveway by the end of the week So nigga, leave a message at the sound of the beep 	[Timbaland] This goes out to my ballin crew Throw your hands up in the air if you feel me Love 'em all day, love 'em all night Don't get 'em girls roll doe 	[Ms. Jade] This goes out to my chicks that flow Put ya dubs up in the air if you feel me Get 'em all day, get 'em all night Come up off that doe 	[Timbaland] This goes out to my ballin crew Throw your hands up in the air if you feel me Love 'em all day, love 'em all night Don't get 'em girls roll doe 	[Ms. Jade] This goes out to my chicks that flow Put ya dubs up in the air if you feel me Get 'em all day, get 'em all night Come up off that doe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Jade f/ Timbaland Album: Stick Up Girl 12" Song: Stick Up Girl Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com (Intro - Timbaland) Uh, come on, yeah, *fck-fck*, Ms. Jade [Verse 1 - Ms. Jade + (Timbaland)] I come crazy wit it, the beats sinkin in it Leave niggaz shook and timid, bang just to dent it Living probably zero, and rats runnin deniro I'm sick, makin 'em settle like cheap tricks I've the right to be cocky, long, lanky or stocky I went to they lobby charge me wit assault and all robberies Snatch they souls, ride them on they pry Show dem how to hold they crutches, spit like I was a guy They wanna date, you'll recieve they bleed just like I bleed It ain't the same my game is at a much faster speed I'm Ms. Jade y'all flowin through the rainfall Like thunder this gon' be a hot summer (Hot summer) I got it figured out, go the regular route 'Cause short cuts, only end up in short bucks Get the dough and just stack, leavin em feelin like track Cheaper the rat, my damn voice platinum at (Chorus - Timabland) She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl She's a stick up girl, just a stick mans girl People love this girl, they go to war with this girl She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl She's a stick up girl, stick up girl She's a stick up girl, get it girl (Verse 2 - Ms. Jade) Down with me runnin that new chick Crashin' like a new whip for insurance money It ain't funny, down really runnin wit the young snappily You and that cold cheddar, pissin' on a sofa like a weak bladder Come and see my switch, flows up like this Makin' y'all back flip, and try to get my twist Rocked up powder, baking soda and flour Gettin' paid by the hour, see it proper devour Ms. J-A-D-E, from the P-H-I Ruin gals and guys, y'all know why Ask why, cats sayin' too much and doin' too much Never purchase but be quick to run and go get a dutch I'm the brother relate to, never lie or forsake you Gloves on in the ring I'm the chick that could take you Stayin' here for a while came prepared for the miles Keep it cool, so the only thing I draw is a crowd (Chorus - Timbaland) She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl She's a stick up girl, just a stick mans girl People love this girl, they go to war with this girl She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl She's a stick up girl, stick up girl She's a stick up girl, get it girl (Verse 3 - Ms. Jade) Never will I settle, man I speak for the ghetto Missouri, Spain (???), classic rap, heavy metal Different cities and states, take it back to the skates Two wheel scooter, spit bananas like I'ma ape I'm the best in the great, I expect 'em to hate But wait, they ain't even heard the half yet Blast shit, forfeit, best bet, trash that Open your mind I'll show you a different aspect I ain't a rap princess, im a rap pimpstress Yeah I pay off the witness and leave 'em chilled like Christmas I'ma warn y'all now, bout to tear shit down I ain't playin rap pangin', hittin' hard to the ground Man I mangle with this, oughta treasure my spit Should be against the law, how we puttin out hits I'm nice man like the corner nigga dice man Hundreds on your nice damn, told ya I'ma aight man (Chorus - Timbaland) She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl She's a stick up girl, just a stick mans girl People love this girl, they go to war with this girl She's a stick up girl, not a sociable girl Unapproachable girl, everyday type of girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Aaliyah, Timbaland Album: I Am Song: You Won't See Me Tonight Typed by: OLSTANKBUT@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] + (Timbaland) (What?) Ever been in love? (C'mon) Yeah.. are you ready? (uhh) For somethin real? (Say what?) Cause it can't be fake This ain't no game (C'mon) You gotta be wit me, for real (uh-huh) cause it's real out here (uh-huh) So make up your mind, cause I ain't got no time  Y'know? (C'mon) [Nas] I'm the most wanted baby fathe, save the drama  We toast when I wine and dine ya -- all you need is me I won't stress you but bless you Mentally and sexual, we both intellectual Can't forget how I met you; you thought I was a boxer -- Prince Nasim but I'm the mobster -- Nas from Queens And when I gotcha - you ridin with me You keep askin, "When do you have time for me?" I'm never free always on the move, bidness oriented Lifestyle expensive, attract women  You wanna search my pockets, and act all wild  Say I hurt your heart - ask how could I smile? Wanna call back all my numbers - star 6-9 me Check my car for rubbers, but quit tryin before you find what you lookin for and get to cryin You always sayin what you gon' do if you catch me lyin Chorus One: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) + [Nas] You won't see me tonight [Yeah right] (Say what? Say what?) You won't see me tomorrow [uh-huh] (uh-huh) I'll be gone by daylight [Doubt that] (What?) And you'll be so full of sorrow [Yeah right] You'll go tell all your friends [That's right] (Say what?) how you called and I follow [They know it] But you won't see me tonight [You don't believe that] No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] Caramel kisses of Jezebel's sister  I feel no guilt when I twist ya  Turn the other cheek when I see the next freak witcha You got your name on his lease, copy his key  That's your lil' spot where you rest your wig peice Go 'head and live baby, I know you his lady You page me, when you got the day free but I be out with my peeps in them system jeeps You wanna lay up in the sheets of presidential suites like I'll massage you while you massage me, mami But can you hang with a young man who's doin his thang? Speak up, I wanna know if you can keep up Timberland boots for girls, with the tree stump Baggy sweatsuits, mystery what's underneath them They for my eyes only, you call me when you lonely  but I like to make the baddest girls wait, I got G baby Interlude: Nas and Aaliyah ['Yah]	Call you on a Monday (Nas) 	I'll call you back baby  ['Yah]	Call you on a Tuesday (Nas)	My cell is off baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Wednesday (Nas)	I'm out of town baby ['Yah]	You won't be back til Thursday (Nas)	I'll page you back baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Monday (Nas) 	I'll call you back baby  ['Yah]	Call you on a Tuesday (Nas)	I'm out of town baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Wednesday (Nas)	My cell is off baby ['Yah]	You won't be back til Thursday (Nas)	I'll call you back baby Chorus Two: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) You won't see me tonight (Say what?) You won't see me tomorrow (Say what?) I'll be gone by daylight And you'll be so full of sorrow You'll go tell all your friends (What what?) how you called and I follow (Say what?) But you won't see me tonight No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] Thinking of me you gettin the chills Like a rush through your body when you think how it feels Give me a call and my voice give you butterflies in your tummy Tell your friends you in love with Nas not his money And I'll prove I'm a man of my word - handed you furs Iceberg - everything on this planet Earth a woman desires You make a good wife to most men I know I got you open; but -- you just my close friend Get it baby? Chorus Three: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) + [Nas] You won't see me tonight (uh-huh) You won't see me tomorrow (Say what?) I'll be gone by daylight [Dayyyy-light] And you'll be so full of sorrow [.. Word?] You'll go tell all your friends [Tell your friends what?] (Say what?) how you called and I follow [Uhh, uhh] But you won't see me tonight [Not tonight baby] No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] + (Aaliyah) The God, The God, The God, Nasir (You won't see me tonight) The Queen, The Queen, The Queen, Aaliyah (You won't see me tomorrow) Nah nah (I'll be gone by daylight) (And you'll be so full of sorrow) Uhh uhh (You'll go tell all your friends) Tell your friends (how you called and I followed) How you followed me (But you won't see me tonight) Not tonight baby (No you won't see me tomorrow) C'mon, c'mon c'mon Tomorrow, what? Daylight, ghost [Timbaland] + (Aaliyah) Say what, say what? Yo (You won't see me tonight) You won't see Timbaland tonight baby Ohhh, or Nas Esco', check it Let it ride Let it ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nate Dogg f/ Timbaland Album: Nate Dogg Song: Gott Damn Shame Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Timbaland ad libs for the first 18 seconds*} [Nate Dogg] + (Timbaland) or {both} When I stepped off in the club (when you stepped off in the club) My system full of bud {nigga what?} They say the big Dogg's in the house (the big dog's in the how-house) Nate Dogg 'bout to turn this part out (c'mon, c'mon) When I crept up on the scene (when you crept up on the scene) Lookin real fresh and clean, know what I mean? (I know what you mean boy) Girls just cain't resist (naw, naw, naw) They wish they had a baller just like this (f'real) [Chorus 2X: Nate Dogg] I ain't slept for two days That's right, day befo' yesterday I got caught all up in this game And I never will be the same - it's a gott damn shame [Nate Dogg] + (Timbaland) While I'm livin this ghetto life, livin this ghetto life (this ghetto life) While I'm livin this ghetto dream, this ghetto dream (ge-ge-ghetto dream) I'm lookin fo' a ghetto wife (huh, ghetto, ghetto wife) I'm lookin fo' a ghetto queen, you know what I mean? Now her friend told her I'm the mayne - her friend told her I'm the mayne She lookin at my platinum chain, it's a shame - a God damn shame She got her eyes all on the prize, I wonder why (I wonder why) She wanna soak up some of this game (some of this game) It's a God damn shame [Nate Dogg] + (Timbaland) We about to have a ball (have a ball) have a ball She's gotta have it y'all (have it y'all) don't stall Come and get it if you want - come and get if you want I know you fine but I'm the boss, take it off (take it off girl) I'm gonna say it one more time (one, mo', time) Take it off or I can find another dime (another dime) She's lookin at my Gucci watch (my Gucci watch, my Gucci watch) While her friend is lookin at the bulge all in my crotch It's a God damn shame [Nate Dogg] + (Timbaland) You know we do it just cause we can - just cause we can Nate Dogg and Timbaland (Timbaland) God damn~! Smooth like Silky Slim (yeah, c'mon) Twenty-fo' inch rims, they still spin - it's a God damn shame It's the only way to roll; only way to roll (say what, say what) Strapped up and 'bout to go - way too cold (what'd you say boy?) Nobody does it like we does (naw, nope!) But it's gon be what it is, what it was (know what it was) I don't care what those other people say (naw, naw) (I don't care) I shall remain a Dogg Pound Gangster the rest of my days (I don't care) And when them silly-ass women get to standin in my face (Naw) They all in my face I give 'em what they came here for and send 'em on their way (Beat it girl, beat it girl) It's a God damn shame! (Just leave me alone, and let me be to myself) (Just leave me alone, and let me be to myself) (C'mon, you know what I'm sayin girl?) (Beat it, Nate Dogg, Timbaland) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. f/ Timbaland Album: Get Down (Ooou Ooou) 12" Song: Get Down (Ooou Ooou) Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com Haha, haha, oh boy, N-O-R, N-O-R, oh I got another one, 'nother one, 'nother one, oh With Timbaland this time, time, haha With Timbaland this time [Timbaland] Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on Uh, you see just how I roll nigga, roll nigga Bulldoze, roll o's nigga, o's nigga Timbaland with that beat so, beat so Homey with that cheap dro, Miami and that beach so Drink up more heat though but only for a beat though Catch me at ? ? with brands up at Ecko To all these niggaz frontin' actin' like they wantin' somethin' Niggaz tryin'a rock me to sleep like ? ? does it Na-na, and I ain't gotta call for it Na-na, hell nah ain't gonna fall for it Always with good roll on tour gotta stall for it I ain't them other dudes with braids and a pink fro Niggaz only creep through the hood just when they tip toe Waitin' till your mans come home, gather your boom box Niggaz never been in them real clubs like ? ? So is you men or mice or, I'm in the candy paint Old school iller ?, drinkin' that Jaegermeister [Timbaland] Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on [Female] Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on Now, go head homey you can call me your henchman Cause all them dudes dumber than Jessica Simpson, stupid Courtney Love, stupid, you ain't a thug stupid Deep down you just really need a hug stupid Ha, ha, while I'm travelling Vegas Luxory hotel, pyramid spaces, room service Room service, and I don't like fake dudes Hate fake gangstas and hate fake boobs Tear that make-up on, a little mascara A little Britney, a little Aguilera Black girl ass livin' the Riviera Nah I ain't Justin, won't cry you a river Lie you a river, won't try you a river But stone you a river, what, clone you a river Bone you a river, what, or throne you a river I'm a alcoholic, shorty could you loan me your liver, hey [Timbaland] Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on [Female] Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on Yeah, uh, figure deal us, them niggaz real us For years niggaz bought our slang, niggaz steal us Ha ha, nah mean, nah mean See me with the nah mean, give a nigga nah mean So can you really hear all that Norey-orey's got a hit, gotta figure deal that Bang on bedroom backboards Treat her ass like a layer, so now I gotta slap boards Slap boards, for a hard nail cores The same as G4's, nigga got the energy Even on that late night, Norey got energy Even on that wake up fuck I got some energy Even on that quickie mami, papi got some energy Sly nigga, tear the walls off crotch I snap your girlfriend's, girlfriend's, girlfriend's watch [Timbaland] Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on Ooh, oooh, get down come on, ooh, oooh, get down come on [Female] Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on Ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on, ooh, oooh, ooh boy come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Obie Trice f/ Timbaland Album: Cheers Song: Bad Bitch Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] {*strached "Obie"*} [Chorus - Timbaland] He got a bad bitch, said she recognize a "G" Said she want to roll and get to know Obie Claming that she love everything that he do, heeeey He got a bad bitch, said she recognize a "G" Said she want to roll, and get to know Obie Claming that she love, everything that he do, hey, hey [Verse 1 - Obie Trice] Yes it's O. Trice, I done jumped outta heights Right into the microphone life, yeah this is right This is less strenuous niggaz, this is tight This is more dividends niggaz, get it right Stompin like Timberlands niggaz, a pair of Nikes But this is more Timbaland nigga and Obie Trice The combination is invadin the stations, air waves And rest haven on your listeners membranes (woo!) I done paid some change, I got Timbo This is not a brainy thang, yo this is simple Get your ass up and dance, to the tempo Exchange your stiff frame, for that of a more limbo Grab shorty sippin on that Shirley Temple With that ass hangin out, and pinch her on that pimple On her ass hangin out, nigga advance This a world of a night, better start with the pants [Verse 2 - Obie Trice] Yeah, let's keep this shit in motion (motion) Cause we gon' hang out 'til we hung over then Ibuprofen Adios when (os when); I fucked them thighs Who influenced with the game that was spoken I'ma make sure she open (open); Mnage-a-trois In these days and times got my shit growin And she's hoe'n (hoe'n); And I'm ignorin The lies she throwin, how she won't perform I feed her a blunt, throw on the "Quiet Storm" She repeatedly cum, consistantly all morn' And she heated cause funds up in the purse not growin Bitch beat it, my ones you gets none (nada) She feel she's treated as if her playboy'll play her dumb I skeeted some bitch, her Playboy is on the run Deleted the bitch, outta direct connection Thanks for calmin down my erection hun [Verse 3 - Obie Trice] Yeah, I speak the words of experience (oh) lady I'm serious Lyrics on my deliverance, is oh so vivid bitch Oh no hoes up, hoes I spit it bitch (spit it) Roll up, smoke up dro, and spit on this (spit it) I'm outta order cause I break the ice And squirt liquid in your eyes, all you see is little guys Swimming in women claimin they like my style Treat 'em like Ike and ride (bitch!) I don't give a fuck I got the height, +Sho' You Right+ I'm +Barry White+ tonight (hey) you feelin alright Got a buzz and this huzzie saying O's her type I take her to the high-end and strike (ahh) Trick for hire, I'll never buy her to bite Despite she tight, I'll tell the bitch you can have a nice life See I'm working with these I's in this rhymes It's I's, all's that matter all's the time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pastor Troy f/ Timbaland Album: Universal Soldier Song: Tell 'Em It's On Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha Ha, ha, ha, ha, hey There's a lot of people out there This the fricky-fricky under the track There's a lot of people out there Fricky-fricky-fricky-fricky-fricky, under they track, ow, tell 'em [Timbaland] Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, V-A, G-A Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, yo Tell 'em it's on, yo, say what, say what Tell 'em it's on [Pastor Troy] I'm the ?, the A-T-L with the flow Keep it coming, got the A-K under the doe Why you runnin' talkin' mad but you ain't mad Cause I'm bad, the P-T billy, the bad ass I heard you clappin' your jaw, talkin' bout the A-T-L How you got it on lock, boy stop Cause I'm reppin' the city, East Point to ? I come from the city that don't play that I done came back with a song of my own Timbaland on the matter feel, tell 'em it's on P-T I'm a cruise, I'm a cruise, I'm a cruise control I'm nothin' till the motherfuckin' music slows I got some killers in Carolinas, some killers in Virginia Some millers off in 'bama and I'm not to mention Atlanta Just remember that you ain't got nothing on lock So make a nigga set your clock, it's P-T [Timbaland] Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, V-A, G-A Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh, yo Tell 'em it's on, yo, say what, say what, yo Tell 'em it's on [Pastor Troy] ? ? I'm a tell 'em it's on Talkin' shit like them gangsta, sweet-as cologne I roll on in the ? with the quickness So southern Pastor, can I get a witness It's fitness the way that I work out on a track Got the gat, I'm a leave them niggaz right where they at Matter fact, anybody wanna get some, then fuck they Tell them others where I come from, the letter A When I came through already knew that it was on The misrepresentation of my home We're never Zone 3, we're never Zone 4 And if it's in the hood you better not go Cause niggaz in the hood you better not see The D, the S and then the G-B It's my hometown, I am crowned as the boss Don't make a nigga break ya off, tell 'em it's on [Timbaland] Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, V-A, G-A Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, yo Tell 'em it's on, yo, say what, say what, yo Tell 'em it's on [Pastor Troy] No apologies, I don't need it Written lyrics, homeboy, and read it, read it I got the big, buggle up and down This for all y'all monkey ass niggaz in Atlanta Talkin' bout Collipark and New Georgia Give a little money and hang with new folks And here come back to the hood open arms This is not a kidnap-a-thon But where I'm from the real stay down Live and die and took up the A town If you think long at me you think wrong Nothin' else to say homeboy but it's on [Timbaland] Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, V-A, G-A Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now Tell 'em it's on, say what, say what Tell 'em it's on, fricky fricky oh [Timbaland] Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now Tell 'em it's on, I bet you didn't see it coming, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, V-A, G-A, oh Tell 'em it's on, so what you gotta say now, oh Tell 'em it's on, say what, say what, oh Tell 'em it's on, fricky fricky, ooh [Timbaland] You didn't see this coming, did you Haha, hahaha, you didn't see this coming, did you Haha, Timbo, P-T, haha, I bet yo didn't see it coming Did you homeboy, ow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Timbaland Album: Red Gone Wild Song: Put it Down Typed by: kmaass1@gmu.edu * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Yeah Oh Oh [Redman] Yeah [Timbaland] Yeah, get nigga [Verse 1] Redman got fire nigga Shots are in your hood when I'm high nigga Shots of Cuervo are fuckin up my liver Shots from the cameras on my niggas Girlfriend drunk, so I'll jump around wit her I step inside, you're quiet like a mime nigga My watch do more things than James Bond nigga I'm gonna do it now, I ain't gonna try nigga (Put it down, put it down, put it down girl) You better grind, cause you ain't spending mine girl When Timbaland plan and I'll do the ground work Whether you in Tims, Air Force, or Converse Let me see the high niggas on the left side And whole muthafuckas smokin on the right side You sayin "fuck Gillahouse" nigga likewise This is how I walk up on your ho  hey Put it down [Hook] Put it down, put it down, put it down (We gots to get down, niggas you gots to get down) Put it down, put it down, put it down (Bitches you gots to get down, show you how we get it down) (Get nigga) Put it down, put it down, put it down (We gots to get down, niggas you gots to get down) Put it down, put it down, put it down (Bitches you gots to get down, show you how we get it down) [Verse 2] Who am I nigga That dude who arrive nigga With a blueprint to all your supply nigga Fifteen percent tint on the 'fire nigga Sometimes I don't know what's inside nigga Let me show you how bricks get it live nigga The Time Warner's of the block, showtime nigga I hit a chick, kick her out, I ain't battlin her A golddigger I can see the green mile in her (Put it down, put it down put it down fool) The flashy ones get robbed in the bathroom "Yo get up, yo it's jewelry  it's costume" (Hahaha) Rollin like drunk cowboys at high noon Let me see the high niggas on the east side And whole niggas get high on the west side A punk nigga outta line, he get checked like I roll up on his ho and say  hey Put it down [Hook] [Verse 3] Look in my eyes nigga You see a great ball of fire nigga My trail is blazin, that's right, I'm high nigga A hard hip hop hitman for hire nigga My rims are so big, I fucked my alignment up Grown as hell, I don't throw signs nigga I continue to Flipmode's like Rhy nigga Barbershop talk, come get you a line nigga It's permanent press steam on the iron nigga (Put it down, put it down, put it down girl) Wherever you pop shit you get found there Bitch you hot, little tacky with the horse hair Gillahouse, it's your year and it's on baby Where them high muthafuckas on the left side I know there's drunk muthafuckas on the right side You sayin "fuck Redman" nigga likewise This is how I talkin to your ho  hey Put it down [Hook] [Outro] Gillahouse Gotti Click Yo Brick City, you know what it is Holla atcha fuckin boy Bring em back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shade Sheist f/ Timbaland Album: Money Owners 12" / Informal Introduction (9.10.02) Song: Money Owners Typed by: dALuNaTiC06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Timbaland] C'mon C'mon (kah, ok) Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah C'mon (kah, ok) Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Freak'eda eh ow ow ow ow ow [Verse: Shade Sheist and Timbaland] Hey, I done bought that car, brought that mall Bought my girls all Vicky draws (c'mon) I done went to Paris, went to London went to Asia, look what I done had (huh huh) I done stepped my game up, my name up my whole bank account stepped up (uh huh) Me and my crew is throwin' a big party dude (oooh woo yea) If you come we must all, get along (get along, get along, get along) Ladies no pants, all I want to see is thongs (is thong, is thong) I hope no beef jumps off - hell naw (hell naw) We all money owners, so be proud y'all, ohh [Chorus: Shade Sheist and Timbaland] Hey (hey) . . .  Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner Girls, what y'all talking 'bout we gon' always be up on ya (always be up on ya) Fellas, why y'all plotting for ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya (gunna run up on ya) UH! It's a party and we all money owners (Freak'eda eh ow ow) [Verse: Shade Sheist] Yep-yes Now who that skippin' the wait? Who payin' the door? When even wit a date make it hard for ya to score? (Sheis Sheis) Who buyin' the bar, I mean literally buyin' the bar so that my names on the lease? (Sheis Sheis) Who makin' his rounds, who givin' up pounds and five minutes later nowhere to be found? (Sheis Sheis) Who up in the lot, about to get shot cause ladygirls man caught her touchin' my spot (whoo, damn) Now who got a B, nah who got a V and who the nigga got 'em both with PS3? (Sheis Sheis) They give me a charge, I give 'em a plea a couple a G get the cell wit DVD (Sheis Sheis) Yo, so many drugs in me, I just totalled this ride and totally forgot it came from Tim So, anyone ask for me, you betta' tell 'em you ain't seen or heard from me at least for week [Chorus: Shade Sheist and Timbaland] Hey (hey) . . .  Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner Girls, what y'all talking 'bout we gon' always be up on ya Fellas, why y'all plotting for ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya UH! It's a party and we all money owners (Freak'eda eh ow ow) [Verse: Shade Sheist] (Hey) I done spoke so long, niggas got to stop and give the slot another quarter (quarter, quarter) Flows, they been heated as long as I been writing rhymes and using the tape recorder (recorder, recorder) Shade, he's Sheis, he's never nice so full of himself he make ya say his name twice (Sheis Sheis) Notice the chain, then notice how your eyes never seem to work the same again? Damn From L.A. to Boston, a nigga gon' stun proud like my name was Stone Cold Austin (Austin) So gimme a minute (just gimme a minute)  And let find the reciepts I'll show you how much shit is costin' (costin') [Bridge: Timbaland] Just gimme a minute, gimme a minute I'm a show you what . . . it's costin' (costin') Just gimme a minute, gimme a minute (huh) Let me get back to flossin' [Chorus: Shade Sheist and Timbaland] (2x) Hey (hey) . . .  Push that car it don't matter if it's yours or a loaner Girls, what y'all talking 'bout we gon' always be up on ya Fellas, why y'all plotting for ain't nobody here gon' run up on ya UH! It's a party and we all money owners  [Outro: Timbaland] (Timbaland ad libs) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Freak'eda eh ow ow ow ow ow Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (freak'eda eh ow) Uh, uh, uh, uh, here we go! Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (freak'eda eh ow) Freak'eda, don't stop, don't stop Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (eh ow ow freak'eda eh ow ow) Ahh, push that car, push that car It's mine baby, it's mine baby Gimme that loan, gimme that loan It's mine baby, it's mine baby Push that car (huh huh) push that car It's mine baby, it's mine baby Gimme that loan, gimme that loan It's mine, the bank don't own it (don't own) Shay Sheis, Timbaland The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Timbaland Album: Doggfather 12" Song: Doggfather (Remix) Typed by: indypimp1@hotmail.com (Snoop) I know you gonna dig this (Timbaland)  Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh Snoop: I'm the doggfatha Dig this (Timbaland) Uh huh, uh huh say what Snoop: I'm the doggfatha  And you know that (Timbaland) Uh huh uh huh Say what say what Snoop: I'm the doggfatha And you know that Snoop:  When I wizake up in the mornin (say what) And I get up out my bizzed (say what) I feel gizood, oh yes i dizoo (uh) cuz I still can give it up on yizoo (huh) Cuz what is all i look fizzor (uh) In the fizee where the papers lizzone (uh-huh) But as for mizee, I own gizees (what) When im bustin rizzocks and ya know that (ticky ticky ticky ticky ticky) I put down more hits than mafioso niggaz (uh-huh) And Lucky Luciano bout to sing soprano And I know, I know the way it feels (uh-huh) And baby bubba we gon keep it on the real (huh huh huh) Just to getcha caught up in amazement (yeahhh, what) We talkin to Cubans, so it might get dangerous (yeah, uh) Now when it izzoo, people said oh dizzamn (uh-huh) And let the bizzow wizzow ride the trizail ha ha (uh-huh) How you feelin, I'm on the ceilin,  ridin like a villain makin the killins, thrillin the crowd (uh-huh) With my new hairdo (hairdo) Outbiddin you (fo sho) Fifty dollar socks credit thousand dollar shoes (uh-huh) Man I give the blues to the sucka M.C.'s, who you be?  You know who I be, young nigga Chorus: Snoop, (Timbaland): I'm the doggfatha  (dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg fatha fatha) And ya know that, I'm the doggfatha  (dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg fatha) And ya know that, I'm the doggfatha  (dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg fatha fatha) And ya know that, I'm the doggfatha  (dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg fatha fatha) Snoop: Lets make a move for this paper, where we rollin dog?(uh-huh) We gots to get paid, make ya money all yall (what) When I step to the stage in my g-boy stance (what) And say a few rhymes that make your girl wanna dance I'm so fly like a dove, I come from up above You're trippin on your girl cause she showed me love Nigga dont beat her, cause if you beat em, ya dont need em Yeah they gon have your baby,  watch how fast they take your freedom (what, uh-huh) I believe em, and dont mistreat em, I stay up on em (what) But thats one to grow on nigga, let me flow on (cuzz) Cause uh, you could rock to the rhythm you see (what) But you could rock to the rhythm on me..(uh-huh) me.. (uh-huh) me..  But when you do your thang make sure you do your thang On the hang, and everythang is everythang Man, I'm on this paper chase Like them whiteboy D.A.'s was on the case (uh-huh) But you know I aint tryin to floss but  Murder was the murder was the case that they lost  (murda murda murda murda) chorus Snoop: Now do anybody in the house remember  when there wasnt no Snoop Dogg? (yeah) There was no rappers hollerin LBC,  am I trippin yall? (hell naw) Now, when I grow up I wanna be like Snoop, mad pussy and women As we do from the beginnin (uh-huh) In and out of the Boz Hotel, they say your family dont know me Hold on homie, thats phony, informal Say, tell, L's in jail, vest before test, no one in my click fell (what) The females with the almighty fatherly Cuz we thinkin bout peeps, what they need And it ain't no party like this kind (say what) Cause you feelin where we make it hizzot But I'ma get back to the grizzats,  Snoop D O double G comin back for a remizzax chorus Yeah, you know what I'm sayin?  (dogg, da-dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg) (fatha, fatha, fatha, fatha) It's all about the gangstas, son  (dogg, da-dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg dogg) And you know that (fatha, fatha fatha fatha fatha) I'm the doggfatha (Timbaland) Say what? And I'm the pimp fatha, ha Snoop: Ha ha, I'm the dogg fatha (Timbaland) Say what? And I'm the Timbaland fatha, ha ha What One time For that mind, mind Uh huh,uh huh uh huh What Ha, ain't nobody do it like me Ha, from the southside, you see From the V-A, to the L-A What Da-dogg da-dogg fatha fatha Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh Uh huh, what Say what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Justin Timberlake f/ Three 6 Mafia, Timbaland Album: Futuresex/Lovesound Song: Chop Me Up Typed by: jpeffer12@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [DJ Paul] it's going ... going down Tennesee Justin Timberlake Timberland Three six, mafia Tennesee V.A. dirty south, dirty south this how we do wut we do man wen we do wut we do what, what ... project shit what [Timberlake] I know you see me looking girl go on and act right A lil' closer let me see you in the spot light Now turn around and let me see just what you curve like Gonna grab your friends and y'all can come to the back oooh Why don't you take a sip up on this champagne Relax, take ya coat off, and let me getcha name I love that hour glass shape you got up on that frame I like the way you talk ya game we mite be one and the same Now I know you got a buzz off that alcohol I got a house that can entertain all a y'all Maybe later on I'll give you a phone call About to slide out but I'll get back at ya ooh And when I call don't give me the runaround I ain't gonna have ya try ta have you play me like a silly clown Don't second guess it girl there ain't nothing to think about Because girl you got me fiendin' but girl ya don't hear me Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Little lady {lady lady} Come on and don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Easy baby {baby baby} Come on girl don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me [Timberland] Ya kinda cute baby are you new in town My name is Timb aka Thomas Crown I heard ya lost do you know your way around If ya got a problem baby I could hold you down {ohhh} I can be ya navigator or ya compass Better yet a genie baby make ya first wish You the party baby I'm just the guest list I think I need some tylenol you got me restless So grab ya friends and let's take ya back to my house Lets watch sex in the city or desperate housewives Simon says touch your's while you touch mine {Parental discretion is advised} {ohhh} Y'all could be the star in my ficky spot light Studio fifty four if we get the props right All we need right now is a little bit little bit of act right Y'all lookin shy but y'all act like y'all don't hear me Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Little lady {lady lady} Come on and don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Easy baby {baby baby} Come on girl don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me [DJ Paul] See girl you are stronger then the strongest drug I ever had you can mix 'em all together you would still be twice as bad Cause you're the worst best girlfriend I ever had Harder to quit, the cigarettes and green bags Harder to escape the jail cells and bills Yeah ya you had me lost since the minute gurl and pig tails Like Michael Jackson, how you do me this way Got me cryin rivers like Timbaland and Timberlake [Juicy J] They call me Juicy J, straight up out the Three 6 Mafiaa Ghetto fab playa all these freaks I'm trynna hollatcha Quit playin games gurl you got my head spinnin round I ain't gon chirp ya mobile phone and chase you all over town I just wanna pick you up and take you to a bachelor nest Is it good, is it good And have a lil smack fest So if you never call me ill be sumwhere down and Tennessee Washin away my sorrows in cold cup a Hennessy Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Little lady {lady lady} Come on and don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me Little lady {lady lady} You got me just {screwed up} Off of your melody Easy baby {baby baby} Come on girl don't {chop me up} Please don't make a fool of me Screwed up Chop me up Screwed up Off of ya melody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//misc/r_and_b/goodfoot.lke.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//misc/r_and_b/goodfoot.lke.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Justin Timberlake f/ Timbaland Album: FutureSex/LoveSounds Song: Let Me Talk to You (Prelude) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [interlude after "Sexy Ladies", prelude to "My Love"] [Intro (Timbaland)] Hey...hey... Hey...hey... Hey...uh, hey... (I'm tired of arguing girl) Hey...hey... Uh, hey...hey... (I'm tired of arguing girl) Uh, hey...hey... Uh, hey...freaky-freaky (My love) uh huh (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love) hey... (My love) hey... (my love)... [Timbaland] (My love...) I love the way you're standin Lips look so sweet, like cotton candy, whoa! [Justin Timberlake] (My love...) That don't mean you gotta stop, dancin 'cause the way that you move is so demanding [Timbaland] (My love...) Let's put it on cruise control Let me take you to the crib, let me ease your soul [Justin Timberlake] (My love...) Uh, I gonna take it really nice and slow {*both*} But first lemme, lemme, lemme talk to her [Timbaland] (My love...) Walk into my great place, cozy I'm glad you came, let's make a toast-a [Justin Timberlake] (My love...) Lemme make an indecent proposal Let me take you to the back and do what we, SUPPOSE to [Timbaland] (My love...) Let's take a trip to the bayou You can be the investigator, I'm your private I/eye [Justin Timberlake] (My love...)You know I want a piece of that pie {*both*} But first lemme, lemme, lemme talk to her [Chorus 'til next song "My Love" plays] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Justin Timberlake f/ Timbaland Album: Sexy Back (CD Single) Song: Sexy Back Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Justin] (Timbaland) I'm bringin' Sexy Back (yeah) Them other boys don't know how to act (yeah) I think it's special, what's behind your back? (yeah) So turn around and I'll pick up the slack (yeah) Take it to the bridge 1- [Justin] (Timbaland) Dirty babe (uh-huh) You see these shackles baby, I'm your slave (uh-huh) I'll let you whip me, if I misbehave (uh-huh) It's just that noone makes me feel this way (uh-huh) Take it to the corners 2- [Timbaland] (Justin) Come here girl (go 'head be gone with it) Come to the back (go 'head be gone with it) VIP (go 'head be gone with it) Drinks on me (go 'head be gone with it) Let me see what you're working with (go 'head be gone with it) Look at those hips (go 'head be gone with it) You make me smile (go 'head be gone with it) Go 'head child (go 'head be gone with it) And, get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) (x8) [Justin] (Timbaland) I'm bringin' Sexy Back (yeah) Them motherfuckers don't know how to act (yeah) Go let me make for the things you lack (yeah) 'Cause you're buring up, I gotta get it fast (yeah) Take it to the bridge Repeat 1 Repeat 2 You ready? You ready? You ready? Yes! [Justin] (Timbaland) I'm bringin' Sexy Back (yeah) You motherfuckers watch eye attack (yeah) If that's your girl, watch your back (yeah) 'cause your burning up for me, and that's a fact (yeah) Take it to the corners Repeat 2 You ready? Yes! You ready? Yes! You ready? Yes! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Timbaland Album: You Make Me Wanna... Remix 12" Song: You Make Me Wanna (Timbaland's Remix) Typed by: DGrundmann@aol.com Intro: Timbaland Uh, hahaha! Can you feel me? Uh! Say what, say what, uh!       (Uh! Uh!) Uh, hahaha! Can you feel me? Usher, uh!          (Uh! What?) Chorus: Usher You make me wanna leave the one I'm with, start a new relationship with you,    (Oh yeah... Baby!) this is what you do!        (Oooh, baby!) Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me...         (You make me...) You make me...         (... make me...) ... leave the one i'm with, start a new realtionship with you,    (Ah, yeah...) this is what you do!        (... baby!) Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me... You make me... Verse 1: Usher Before anything began between us you were like my best friend! The one I used to run and talk to, when me and my girl was having problems!   (That's right!) You used to say it'll be okay, suggest little nice things I should do! And when I go home at night and lay my head down all I seem to think about was you and how... Chorus: Usher ... you make me wanna leave the one I'm with, start a new relationship with you,    (Ooh, yeah! Ooh, yeah!) this is what you do!        (Aah, yeah!) Think about her and all the things that come along with,       (... come along with...) you make me...         (You make me...) You make me...         (You make me...) leave the one I'm with, start a new realtionship with you,    (Ooh, baby!) this is what you do! Think about her and all the things    (Come on, come on, come on,...) that come along with,       (... come on, come on!) you make me... You make me... Verse 2: Usher Now what's bad is you're the one that hooked us up! Knowing it should've been you! What's sad is that I love her, but I'm falling for you! What should I do? Should I... ... tell my baby bye-bye? Should I... ... do exactly what I feel inside? Cause I... ... I don't wanna go, don't need to stay, but I really need to get it together! Chorus: Usher You make me wanna leave the one I'm with,  (UUH!) start a new relationship with you,    (Ooh Baby!) this is what you do!        (See what you do?) Think about her and all the things    (Ah, yeah!!!) that come along with, you make me...         (You make me...) You make me...         (You make me...) ... leave the one i'm with, start a new relationship with you,    (Ooh, baby!) this is what you do!        (This is what you do!) Think about her and all the things    (Yeah!!!) that come along with, you make me...         [Timbaland] Uh! You make me...         [Timbaland] Uh! Verse 3: Timbaland Baby, it's kinda funny how...     (Funny...) ... you make me feel!       (... you make me feel!) I bail with the ???        (Uh!) about my ???,         (What?) but I never thought... ... that i would change my decision!    (Uh-uh!) I wanna kiss you... ... and hold your hand with your permission!  (Uh-uh!) Honey got me twisted in the head like a ???! Burn like a ???, but I, but I, but I can't stop! What can i say?         (Uh-uh!) I wanna... be with you!          (Uh-uh!) Usher bringin' the hook, I'm out!           (???) Chorus: Usher You make me wanna leave the one I'm with,  (You make, make, make me!) start a new relationship with you,    (YEAH!!!) this is what you do!        (Oh!) Think about her and all the things    (Oh, you make, make...) that come along with,       (... make me!) you make me... You make me...         (Ooh!) ... leave the one I'm with,      (Oh, baby!) start a new realtionship with you,    (Ooh, baby! ???) this is what you do!        (Uuuh...) Think about her and all the things    (... uh, uh!) that come along with,       (... come along with it!) you make me...         (You're making me...) You make me...         (You're making me...) Hook: Usher Uh, you're making me, you're making me, you're making me! Ooow! You make me... Chorus: Usher ... leave the one I'm with,      (... leave the one I'm with!) start a new relationship with you,    (??? some new shit!) this is what you do! Think about her and all the things    (Nananananananana...) that come along with, you make me... You make me...         (You make me, you make me...) Chorus: Usher ... leave the one I'm with, start a new relationship with you, this is what you do! Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me... You make me... ... leave the one i'm with, start a new realtionship with you, this is what you do! Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me... You make me... Chorus: Usher ... leave the one I'm with, start a new relationship with you, this is what you do! Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me... You make me wanna leave the one I'm with, start a new realtionship with you, this is what you do! Think about her and all the things that come along with, you make me... You make me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Timbaland Album: Weapons of Mass Destruction Song: Hey Now (Mean Muggin) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Oh! C'mon! Oh! Ah! C'mon! [Verse - Xzibit] I'm a - menace to society baby The police wanna relocate me They running with gun up but they can't fade me They wanted to come up but they ain't crazy I ride one in the chamber, with gun on cock '6-tre Chevrolet rollin witout no top Got them hydraulics that's dumping, making it drop California to Virginia Timmy making it hot (WOOO!!!) Taking - long rides in the G4 plane X Man to the stage, got 'em going insane Yeah! Got the world saying my name I'm bout to make a little change, I'ma keep it the same, ya dig X to the Z baby, run up on you hitting corners Phantom platinum grill X be the life of the party, c'mon! Don't be scared girl, reach out and touch somebody [Chorus] (Timbaland) Can you feel the speakers jumping? (yeah!) Other guys surrounding but they don't say nuthin (yeah!) Muggin in the club like they wanna do something (yeah!) Feeling kinda rowdy huh? hey now! hey now! (slow down!) All the girls mean muggin (yeah!) Cause it musta seem what the girl pulled up in (yeah!) In the club like they wanna do something (yeah!) Feeling kinda rowdy huh? hey now! hey now! (slow down!) [Verse - Xzibit] Hey girl! Look where I live 40 acres and a Maybach Benz You wanted to party but I got biz This ain't entertainment, I'm feedin my kid On a 4 or 5 in the carpool lane Got to hit some corners, I'm ridin the caine Wanna ride out to a island and tan your frame And just waste away a couple of days, holla back at me! Look where I bat Make the crowd get loud like the sound of a gat L.A. on my baseball hat Where they runnin right up on you in that black on black So move - better - bounce like a mother When brother got Mass Weapons of warr with each other X gettin big, not ready to die yet My militant mindset got you runnin for cover, so yo! [Bridge] I'm the life of the party I got a moon roof! We poppin up out of Look at the whole world! They talkin about us I got a mean hook! To rattle yo body [Verse - Xzibit] (Timbaland) I wanna - talk a little, pick ya brain wanna see you in somethin little, walk around the plane Yeah! I got a lot to gain Getting my label off the ground like David Blaine So now - what you know bout me?! I'm a self made man from poverty Yeah! Now I own a lot of property I "pimp rides," lifestyles, and companies, so yo! Now let me spit you the facts I used to hustle the corner, but I ain't bringin you that Naw! I'm like swingin a bat Run at yo kneecaps for comin out ya face like that Baby girl touchin my chain (oh!) Now let me tell you who I ain't (oh!) You can't run no games (I'm gangsta, baby ain't nuttin changed) [Timbaland ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Timbaland Album: The Inspiration Song: 3 A.M. Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com [Intro: Timbaland] Uh, ay, uh, ay, uh, ay, ay, ay (mumbling) Here we go, here we go Let's get it [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] It's Young Jizzle and I'm back with Timbo (whoa) With another hit, ya still stuck in a limbo (damn) An adlib here, and an adlib there (ay) Fuck it, adlibs everywhere (yeeeeeeeeah) As I proceed to give ya what you need (need) Spit tre drop, nigga cocoa leaves (leaves) A-Town pimp, tell me what you know about it Wanna talk white, I'll tell ya what I know about it (haha) I'm on that Grey Goose, higher than a pelican (damn) Sophmore year, but I spit it like a veteran (yup) Gangsta, gangsta, you can tell by the swag (swag) And it's fresh off the lot, you can tell by the tag, what's up? [Chorus: Timbaland] It's about three in the morning (ay) Gotta leave with somethin hot cuz a nigga horny (yeeeeeah) Now I'm in the parking lot, baby all over me (haha) Ay, ay, wait a minute ha (let's go) It's about three in the morning (ay) Got my thang, cocked cuz them boys they be on it (yeah) Niggaz they be talkin but, they don't really want it (what ya say?) Ay, ay, wait a minute ha (let's go) [Verse 2: Young Jeezy] The flow's so cold (yup) and I'm so cool (whoa) Let a nigga try, I'mma act a damn fool (ay) Got that welfare, we call it old school Then we mix it all up, call it Pro Tools (haha) Serve em demo tracks (tracks) let em demo that (yeah) All these bitches in the club, where the bad ones at? (huh) She got a mean walk (walk) I got a big stick (yeah) I see ya muggin homie, I got a full clip (yeeeeeeah) See I master that, and then I mastered this Then I bring it all back, I gotta master wrist I was on dro (dro) and she was on Hen (Hen) She was on her, and I was zonin (let's get it) [Verse 3: Young Jeezy] Verse three, I'm back to the basics (yup) Fresh out the jeweler, came back with the bracelet (ay) Blowing haze yea dogg I can taste it Parked the 430 came back in a spaceship (damn) And my whip game (game) is so sick mayne (yeah) I double up everytime I flip mayne (whoa) Birds by the flocks, clips in the glocks Multi-platinum, still watchin for the cops (haha) Ya girl keep sweating me, she staring at my rocks (rocks) Me I'm gee'd up, grabbing on my...huh? I walk it how I talk it, play it how I say it Me and Timb on the track, but everybody play it 