The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (E-A-Ski, CMT, Master P, Rally Ral) Album: Understanding The Criminal Mind Song: Niggas From Calli Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com [CMT] Yeah bitches. We got the motherfuckin niggas from Cali, ya know what I'm sayin? E-A-Ski, Rally Ral and Master P. But yo Ski. Kick it like this G. [E-A-Ski] A nigga don't get no respect Unless a motherfucker gotta come and snap some necks So I play that game like it 'posed to be played Cause Ski and CMT is not the one that's gonna daze Yeah I see niggas jockin niggas like a bitch Just cause the punk made one local hit Even my homies get brainwashed by that shit The look at me and say, "man Ski is doin it" Fuck all that, I ain't givin up props Until I hear the motherfuckin nigga album drop So I get pissed and take it out on wax And think how the fuck they sign this one dimensional artist to a damn contract But life moves on, huh And while it's movin I write about it in my fuckin songs I pack a nine double L just incase I talk shit and they wanna front me to my face Punk niggas wanna get respect But disrespect, but it don't even work like that It's all about the mighty dollar Whoever controls the dead presidents control the power So watch your back in this game see Cause niggas get lame see, but they can't fuck with me I might be humble but I'm only givin ???? So motherfuckers can't jack a nigga from Cali [CMT] Yeah bitches just like that, ya know what I'm sayin? But yo, another nigga from Cali. His name is Rally Ral. So yo Ral. School these motherfuckers. [Rally Ral] When will motherfuckers learn, fuckin around with me you get burned It's all a battle brother, comin up on it firm Nine one was the year for school And nine two's for rules And nine three's for rulin Huh, any motherfucker out there You keep fuckin around I have you rappin in a wheelchair Cause Rally Ral don't play no way I'd rather slay a motherfucker like all day So I'm a rock it on till the end then It's a neccessity for me to keep lendin Funky tracks for the wack to improve on Listen to the nigga Rally or move on Because I got rhymes for the young and old I got a style for the middle class and low Whoever said that Rally Ral couldn't deliver I have your fuckin ass goin up a river Just like a boat goin mainstream I have your fuckin body doin the same thing So now you know not to fuck around with Rally A nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga from Cali [CMT] Yeah that's a nigga you don't wanna fuck with but yo. This is another motherfuckin nigga from Cali. Master P. So yo P. Do me a favor man. Slip it. [Master P] Slip in my motherfuckin ??? feelin fucked up Three niggas from Cali in this game and done came up Livin but never givin and givin but steady livin And droppin more motherfuckin shit then a stage of pigeons Rollin, three niggas we hella deep ??? the gat in the hood when you know me The M, the A, the S, the T, the E, the R And if you fuck with the P You won't live to see a month cause I'm a nigga out the game Makin that bank, I'm from the motherfuckin bay so I'm fuckin with dank And if a nigga cold run up he get's done up Jacked for his motherfuckin daytons cause it's a come up California, the state of the homocides Niggas into bangin and doin fuckin drive by's So welcome to my motherfuckin hood bitch I told you last year that P don't take no bullshit And if you run up and run up and run up and run up and run up Bam motherfuckin punk you get done up Huh, in other words you get tossed like salad C tell them who we are [CMT] We them niggas from Cali Yeah bitches. E-A-Ski, Rally Ral, Master P. Comin up for the nine two, know what I'm sayin? You stupid ass bitches. Can't fuck with the The niggas, the niggas, the niggas from Cali (repeats till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Calli G Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: Fuck That Shit Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Master P] F-F-F-Fuck that shit. If you don't like how I'm living well fuck you. F-F-F-Fuck that shit. If you don't like how I'm living well fuck you. Back to the muthafuckin locs, niggaz wanna joke, but it's time to sell, let's go. Niggaz talking bout the rich ain't hard as dope, but they better back off because we came up. Now I'm back in the hood with the whole sceam selling dope to the muthafuckin dope fiends. 3 keys and the nigga came up, too many fiends to keep this muthafuckin game up. Now I'm rapping, niggaz say I win for jyp, sike! Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. Life. Life in the muthafuckin game, you know you have to live in the south to get a muthafuckin name. Wanna be me, wanna be you, but they ain't down with a fuckin clue. Talkin that shit for centuries, ??? that hoe never been to penitentery. Niggaz I hit, niggaz talking shit, but a nigga that don't quit. Can't hook the muthafuckin beata, I pack a fuckin 9 for the suckas that wanna greed us. I'm a nigga on a role to get paid, bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. Back to the muthafuckin fiend, back on another niggaz dream. Niggaz gettin paid by the grouse and every fuckin body in the hood gotta sell dope. Because the white man gotta fucking see us sold out, the ghetto code living and then it blows up. Niggaz getting jacked for their jewels. Read bout another nigga on the fuckin news. Niggaz go trippin, niggaz in there dippin, but a gold P ain't snippin. Niggaz out whatchin his fuckin back, niggaz get stuck like that. Fuck that shit. Fuck that shit. Give a nigga a fuckin deal on a job, give a nigga the gatt code and teach him how to ride. Because the way i felt won't pay a nigga rent, he still can't. You said it makes no sense to take a brotha to jail for his reputation, when the government is drived by the flation. A brotha gettin beat by the police, one black judge and you think this shit is sease. I'm sell caine to get my grits, because I can't get a job so... Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Fuck that shit. >From the city where we never sell out bitch. Yeah and now you know that the muthafuckin Real Untouchables is straight bumpin that muthafucka underground shit to yo muthafuckin speaker. All you niggaz that think we weak you better jump off, before we get a muthafuckin 9mm you crizzome. In other words all you punk muthafuckas that out chasin and probation, and don't wanna see a nigga come up, you ain't nothin but a punk-ass bitch. Check this out I wanna say fuck that shit to the system, the punk police, the radio station that doesn't wanna play our shit, and all those niggaz that think we can't come up. Fuck ya'll too young saying. Yo G you got something you wanna say before we cut out this muthafucka? [Calli G] Yeah I wanna say fuck the muthafuckin FBI, the CIA and any muthafucka that's playing ???. Step up and get quickness in the muthafucka, because I'm fiending for 187. Anytime any day. Yeah, yeah. We out this muthafucka, kid cut the music off. Fuck ya'll. Fuck that shit. Answer the phone P. Hello? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P) Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: Let's Do It Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com She was cute and I met her by the bus stop. I just beat this fiends ass, they got me for a fuckin ride. I guess the nigga hoped they was fucked up, till the nigga rucked up, this fine bitch had walked up. I say what's your name, do ya got a name, and since she crossing the street can a mack hold ya fuckin hand? But this shit had fucked me up at first, because she smiled with a smurf and turned around and said that will work. She was a perfect 36, 24, 36. She had ass like a stalion bro. She kept this muthafuckin look in her eye, we jumped in a ride. She started rubbin on a niggaz thy. I put her to the floor, took of my shirt and my pance and let my feet hang out the car door. She said you're kinda fast, and I knew it. I said ya like me, I like you so let's do it. See I'm a playa, a pimp, so let's do it. See I'm a playa, a pimp so let's do it. See I'm a playa, a pimp so let's do it. See I'm a playa, a pimp so let's do it. Yo man I ain't never been spun on to bitch, but check this out man, I just got more ham than a muthafuckin meat market, DAMN! I was cold, chillin in my crib. Thinkin bout this girl the and way she make me spit. It feels kinda strange, because it's like i knew her, but all I really knew was her name. I just can't forget, it happened so quick, but she make me feel logic. Now I'm in the sneakin, niggaz into creeping. Hey P, man ain't that yo beeper beepin? Yeah man come just pass me the phone, let me call this girl back. You know what I'm saying? Hello? Hello, may i speak to Mari. Yeah this is, this is Mari. Hey what's up baby? P I know you have a girlfriend, but I was thinkin and just wonderin how you feel bout me? You know what baby I was thinkin bout you too. You know what I'm sayin? I like you a lot and I was hoping I could see you tonight. I'm in this dice game. Silkk got my 97, 211's coming out my hands. I'm hating them bitch's like hoes. But that was my girl so you know a nigga gotta go. When niggaz started acting funny talking shit bout your one and only chance to win back his money. I had to put this punk in line, and when he turn his back I told Silkk to pass me my fuckin 9. Because I ain't the one to be fucked with, and you know that the P don't take no bull shit. But I live kinda strange, but you know there aren't no fuckin rules in this fucking game. But can't a gansta fall in love, I don't know. Because niggaz only serving fiends and thugs. No time to thing I'm on the run, I'm bout to leave the state, she's bout to have my son. She wanna come and I knew it, and all I can tell this girl is let's do it. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (E-A-Ski, CMT) Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: Little Slut Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [CMT] Yo Ski man, we got to talk bout that bitch, man. Let's try to dog us out, you know what I'm saying? Fake ass bitch. [E-A-Ski] Oh you little slut, you didn't think we'd know. Fucking niggaz from L.A. to Oakland like the neighborhood hoe. How the hell can i explaine this? Man, you're one hell of a gaming bitch. You try to have our back, I should have knew you were phony when you made up the fake contracts. You got married only to protect your child. You didn't know your work would go fucking wild. In season the middle now I gots to break, because a motherfucker took all day in take. You motherfucker lying tramp bitch, stayed in Oakland and had hickey's on your face and shit. The nigga code is 105, confront this to your face you would swear up and down, I'm lying. But I don't give a fuck, just leave me alone and you can fuck your way back home. Oakland, Cal ain't the place for you no more. Cross my fo', I'm going to have to shoot the hoe. Because you pushed your fucking luck, and speaking of fucking, huh you little fucking slut. [CMT] Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) [E-A-Ski] Lie after lie, after lie you think you're getting by. You say you go to church, you go to hell when you die. You got your husbend going tripping, because he believes everything you say and gives the okay. I wouldn't be so blind. You know she's tripping up the ass almost everytime. She stuck her foot out here, and you wonder why she come back home full of cheer. Wake up nigga and beat the bitch down. She used us so she could sleep around. She brought her boys to L.A. so she can fuck Tre. Didn't you miss that bitch for a couple of days? She kept the same clothes on, afraid as hell to take her black ass home. For every question theres a cap. She said she fell in church, but you didn't even know about that. The same fucking routine. She probably got rug burns all around her knees, but you don't give a fuck because she's fucking you good. But she's still a little slut. [CMT] Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) Your a hoe, hoe, hoe (Your a hoe, hoe, hoe) [E-A-Ski] Ahh yeah. She even tried to fuck C. Offered to take my homie to the movies. They went to check out her game plan. She couldn't get me so she tried to get my main man, but it blew up in her face. Because the bitch wasn't my homies taste. So just handle your business hoe, and get the skins sealed T in the front door. But you ain't nothing but a jump, that's why my homie Rally Ral had to go for fucking broke. Because I hooked him up, now I got to get him out, and put my nigga back up on the right rap. You couldn't face me in the end. So you made up rumors over and over again. But ain't this a bitch. Your just trying to keep a nigga from coming up and shit. It won't happen hoe, because I got get my friends and they're all powerful. So spread the dirt bitch. Come suck my dick. You little hoe, slut trick. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P, Big Ed) Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: Tell Them What's Going On Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Master P] Inside the ghetto you see kids with no shirts or shoes and no sweaters, and life is kinda cold,  little kids withdirty pampers and a god damn runny nose and moms never home, never really had a da now what really going on?, now what should I do? my little brothers stomach growling in the god damn rich do searching in the box for something to eat knowing there aint gon be a god damn thing in there G in the middle of the night it get strange sister baby keep crying they want milk man but she dont give a damn she's out tricking for a hit dont give a fuck bout little sam and all night long the neighbors fussing my ear to the wall he beats us up and 2 hours later come the police instead of helping honey rather fuck with me its truly on the wall, want my eyes deep now whats really going on G? [Big Ed] Man this police fatality gotta stop ma cause brother aint going out like Rodney King no more [Master P] Little Sammy grew up to be the neighborhood dope dealer, big wheeler, cap peeler, never gave a damn bout another life going to jail cause sam was just another night money and dope was a trade but not enough money to save this motherfuck's age mama did sam like change started ganking his own people like in the dope game and I better run out to a quarter that little sam wont live to see tomorrow and the government really dont gives a damn cause every neighborhood you find a fucking sam its some little kid with no pride but not enough education to survive a lotta people in it to win dont a damn about the lives they lose in the system It's a shame, black politics and government damn, uncle sam, so we retaliate, so who are you going to judge when we all make mistakes so I just move on you cant stop a nigga from writting a bout it in a song and I aint the one to get fucked in other words you mess with P its like pressing your luck and I'm getting paid, and I aint gon let you treat every damn black man like a slave and if you do your wrong, now what really going on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Big Ed) Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: I Ain't Go'n Out Like That Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Here's a situation say I'm jumping out the bandwagon Down with the nation now the niggaz is named me to be what I used to be that was an ineration level I was soon to be caught and tied in a knot for drillin a bitch I shouldn't of knocked But I'm chilling with sister street and somi Ny cousins beefin cause I like to be down with the natural afro take a listen I'll tell ya like This boy you really pissing me off I see nothing wrong with a afer be I preffer I must darkle beaver, so now you trip You blub it or I'ma bust you lip and now you got an attitude And you act rude to my beilifs tak a peice of the attitude She's not attracting me, stop harrassing me And now her man is trying to look like me Understand that I'm black only wont sell out You keep dissing I'ma going to bust you in the mouth Damn! I aint going out that way! Im too black and too strong I aint going out that way (Repeat) Say I wasnt hurt bullets and chains what about saying quit its all the same thing what about my partner who lost his startum cause he was drillin a brook, wearing tits like dom but you still turned another G, chasing on white meat she aint all that either is Jack, he's abusing my sister and I aint with that, but I cant understand what your sayin man, you fell in the plan and now your part of the plan, nothing but a 90's house nigga, ho do your finger relate to a female nigga and now how your mad allright im good, sike! Im going out like spike, you try to read my mind to see what I have to say, I aint going out that way Im to black and too strong I aint going out that way (Repeat) Left to right welcome to my path lets say crib jungle, you never invite me to where you live, cause im down with this song, and cause a brother was born in ya why should I hide and meet you around the corner quite delirious, cause it aint that serious turn a red, blue face, cause your inferious plus im always behind it, I really cant find it oh yeah, I got it, its my cousin im twelve in it they use your bead essential, but you know jail, it aint worth getting lynched and besides I dont know a group with standards and beauty's fruity tutti, pale skin, sticky hair, and flat booty trying to floss it but I dont wants it, cause Big Ed aint going out that way! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P) Album: Understanding the Criminal Mind Song: I'm the Funkiest Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com [Master P]  Grew up in the ghetto in Cali Were sellin dope has one technically Tanqueray twice a week 2 keep a nigga like me on the run G Dodging the police side And whatchin the moves that jackers be tryin Mom would cry when I leave the house She said she had a bad dream, a king g took her out She say they caught me one in the chest I said mom did I ever shoot back Now im on the neighborhood alert I pack a fuckin 9 like mom would pack her purse For the suckers tryin to catch me slipin And like short dogg say I aint tripin But I look at life kinda strange And all the old G's tell me all the time P get out the dope game Stick with your raps & go legit And it wont be long till ya make your motherfuckin hit Now that kinda shit kept me pumped I hooked up with the Ski, and C, and T and now I'm the one The one from the bay  It started in the rich And moved to the O, to Frisco Now they bumpin my sounds and sack Pittsburg, Palianto, and every damn cadillac From Cinncinati, Kentucky, to Seattle They say my shit just movin like cattle Movin like columbian cargo from Boston to Chicago the play me down In Texas from the low rider, benzmen, to the drop top Lexus Im pumpin in New Orleans, Down South, Alabama, to D.C. All in one year I deliver funky sounds from San Diego, to Denver Delaware were my fans get stronger from Ohio, Milwalke, to Oklahoma Now I'm on a tour in every city from Florida, Detroit, to Kansas City Strated local and then went nationwide from Georgia, Philadelphia, to the east side Now I'm a hit and ya can't stop a nigga like me cause I'm the funkiest..... I'm the Motherfuckin Funkiest Yeah we just chillin in this motherfucker you know what I'm sayin We got Eazy A Ski in this motherfucker CMT with that layed back ass track you know what im sayin comin at your motherfuckin back But just in case you didn't know Master P is the motherfuckin Funkiest For the 92,93,and 94 and how ever fuckin it may go but check this out, You know what im sayin I want to thank all yo motherfuckers for support a nigga like P you know what im sayin, cause we straigt comin up in this bitch Got Big Ed co-chillin in this motherfucker Silkk, C-Murder, Fonzo, Sonya C she definetly an effect and you know what, yo C ride me off this motherfuckin laid back ass track You know what I'm sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Big Ed, E-A Ski, King George Album: Who's Da Killer? Song: Who's Da Killer? Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com [C-Murder] who's da killer whos the motherfuckin nigga the one that pull the gun the one that squeaze the fucking trigger the cops wanna ask me, wanna harrass me about this dead body in the grass G If you think Im gonna talk then your wrong cause in the ghetto, snitches dont live long so Ima mind my own and keep stiffing and dont ask me about no motherfuckin murder weapon my kids still ringin from the gun black because it all happened so fast I guess my nigga Lil Mark going to heaven another black victim of 187 his mom might be crying but she aint shocked her son lived and died by the fucking rock and thats how the story goes everybody in the ghetto getting sweated by the po po's but ill never help your ass in this game nigga... Who's Da Killer? [Master P] Rat-tat-tat-Rat-tat-tat-Rat-tat-tat- quick to put slugs in your cap and walk through your hood with my mug on call me master p or call me Al Capone a nigga with no heart I was born in the ghetto, homeless in a shopping cart pushed up the street by a dope fiend took to a crack house and taught to use a triple beam and ever since then Ive been crazy step to a nigga like me your pushing daisies cause Im quick this in that ass to the county and while your dead wipe your blood up with bounty from the corner to the hearse and that assed up put bullets in your ass like a garbage truck eliminating fools like a sewer rat and floss my 380 married to a mack and that ill be a Mack 10 so when i run up on a set punk you know ima do you in [Big Ed] late night in the cutti time to have some fun got a page on my beeper it was number 1 reached for the mobile phone got it down to tuner called my lady "Yo, whats going out?" she asked me were the fuck are you at, and yo nigga do you have your motherfucking gat? yeah im strapped, and i ran around the block then she told me my my older brother got shot I got to the house and I opened up the door and there was my brother lyin dead on the floor and it has me tripped, my ace got popped cause they caught his ass slippng creep through the hood with my hand on my gat I gotta get those fools who put my brother on his back seen some niggaz up the block, released the saftey oh when I leave someone is going to hate me boot it up take every fucking nigga out for revenge trying to find out whos da killer [King George] All the way to the county thats were they had me they sent player one trying to bag me they keep stressing had a bad bad attitude he got the word from the order i was a bad dude in the sell my mind did the linger I keeped yelling im a fucking rap singer but nobody listened to a fresh fits convicts They bust me off like there ears got sound sick back to the saga coming from my jailsell I move around when you hear the fuckin bell yell I got involved in a scabble thats a fist fight when the foo bust out with a knife he started swingin i started ducking started moving It was a foo who was down with the proven, I took a ride on the C-2 sell block I stay strapped with my rock in a sock waiting for a foo to come when its my way sell lurked through you motherfucking didy date then he came promise he was down with the linching tear gas had the whole floor clinching I couldn't breath I was lying in my tin bed when a goon grabbed me by my fucking forhead he picked me up and put me across his fucking shoulder I said Bitch you let me die like a soldier damn it was a trip King George could think all my boys on the motherfucking paint everywhere I rome every all dead bodies god damn I was like John Gotti locked in a sell i was like a big black gorilla many died, but nobody saw the killer [Silkk] you should of know your fucking with a motherfucking lunatic I aint playing with a full day, and my minds about to click I walked out the house to see if this shitwas fucking TRU two slugs to the dome and his face was all blue retalliation fuck the penitention fucking gamble garb the tech, pump the facing amble called up my boy cause niggaz say some where he at?, Richmond jumped in the prowler rolling slow rolling slow, rolling fucking slow cut the lights off cause there the nigga go rolled on the set grab the mask point the tech out its a driveby sprayed the niggaz house I was letting em go you should of seen but in the process I cut a motherfucking slug dead up in my chest, cops chase me investagating a dead nigga, I gave the cops the alias now whos the fucking killer  [Calli G] Calli G chourned out by society I used to have a 95 even bitches find me so I refuse to be a stray for the white man  so when you see me its a gat in my right hand Neighborhood Dopeman nigga from the base so you know me selling cocain you fucking with the dank man foo, start the funk I do a drop on you and your whole fucking crew so here's a last thanksgiving foo no turkey cause you wont be living dude you catch 17 rounds from my cap peeler no when this is, now whos the motherfucking killer [E-A-Ski] a foo got smarks so they calling me the trigger nigga po po's got a snitch trying to frame me as the killer interigating me and I got them foo's spoop I dre say ya fuck with me, then its a must that I fuck with you cause killers dont talk, gimme three hops in the county motherfuckers you figure it out, cause bout a nigga like me if I gotta smoke a nigga ima do it on the solo creep cause I be damned if I tell em my self trick some niggaz ill sell you off like pussy on the bitch but anyway, back to the story, ya have no nuts, no glory no evidence to cut a nigga loose, and that nigga that was snitching ws kuku for coco puffs foo, cause i mean a nigga thats spook try to hide but everybody know he wasn't cool 2 weeks past and the snitches missing they found a nigga dead, with two to the temple somebody put that boy to sleep gave the fool a big fist and put his ass six feet deep it might have been me whos know nigga who's the motherfucking killer The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Who's Da Killer? Song: Neighborhood Dopeman Typed by: Lil Hustle (Master P talking) Ahhh yeah, one of them ole smooth ass motherfucking mellow beats For your ass (Chorus - 2x) The neighborhood dopeman, dopeman It's a risky business, selling that cocaine (Master P) Yo C man, tell them where you from [C-Murder] I was born in the place where people had to kill Lots of dopefiends, so many drug deals Disrespect my elders so I always cursed Never tripped when I seen a nigga in a hearse  Dumb straight, I was fucked up from the start They even tell me I was born, without a heart But I ain't really tripping off these grown ups Cause he who got the dope, is the nigga with the big butt I'm in a room chopping pounds on a silver plate Sometimes I'm selling twenties, sometimes I'm selling weight I never gave a fuck about right or wrong Me go to jail, huh, it's like a second home On the first or fifteenth you know I don't play Cause two oz's a day keep the fucking bills paid Always got my beepers and my mobile phone And when I raise my shirt, there go the fucking chrome And you never catch me slipping in this fucking game Cause I'm the neighborhood dopeman (Master P) Ahh big timer, shit man if you that big man Why don't you give your boy one ten tomorrow Man I get my check in two days or something man You know how it go (Chorus) [Master P] Roll up on the set in the drop five With the giggidy giggidy gat by my damn side Ready to bust a sucker cap if they talking shit But if it ain't like that let me talk to this bitch Bitch was hella-thick, dressed in them daisy dukes Thinking by a dopefiend she might be a fiend too Pull out my fat sack of dubs how I played the bitch Took her behind the building, and P got his dick licked Beeper ringing my boy say he out of dope Told the bitch see you later, good-bye, see you stank hoe Call my boys up, I knew it was a drought man But I ain't tripping cause at the house I got three ki's man Serving them niggas on the set just like some dopefiends I use to sell them for four but now I'm selling the bitch for fifteen And like Cube say, today'll be a good day Now who the fuck said crime don't fucking pay The name is P and you know I sell that cocaine In other words I'm the neighborhood dopeman (Chorus) (talking) Yo P man what's up man (what's happening) You know them little young ass niggas man They got me again man (oh man) Seven niggas (I told you to come see me man) Hanging out for you man I couldn't wait though man (I hear you little daddy) Niggas came and got me with the motherfucking, P.C. man That motherfucking (just holler at me later than youknowI'msaying) Yeah man, give me another one man I got to keep it pimping you know (Chorus) [Silkk] Deep up in this game yo like deep as it go A nigga can't tell me shit, when it come to selling dope I'm pushing 20's, 50's, hundreds, and slabs And if that ain't enough I'm going back up to the lab Fiends, bitches, blowing up my pager Them hoes want to make love I tell them hoes to call me later Rolling six, and fuck this in this cutlass busting tight ones Doing a donut on the L got sweated by the black and white ones But, that's, the life I choose to live, fast And when I'm dropping all them thangs I keep a 9 up on the dash When I'm passing out this cocaine I stay strapped  Selling crack, huh, your neighborhood dopeman (Chorus - 2x) [Cali G] I'm breaking out, with the triple beam sacking up Shit for my niggas, to serve to the dopefiends Young nigga getting rich, by 16 bezzels Sitting tight plates and the paint's plates read my bitch Nigga, nigga living top notch keep my finger On the trigger case I have to unload the glock Cause the game is a mo'fucker Jealous ass niggas bust cause they trick ass suckers And even hoes on the set up Sell a nigga for a note, now that's a dead motherfucker You can't trust a bitch Load up in this fifth that's why I deal with the bullshit Cause shit is real and I will never change Yeah, huh, your neighborhhood dopeman (Master P & dopefiend talking) (Chorus - 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P, C-Murder, Silkk, King George) Album: Who's Da Killer? Song: Sweated by the Po' Po's Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com Sweated by the po po's they made me go pyshco [C-Murder] Coppers, choppers fucking show stoppers trying to catch C cause im slanging these rockers leave me alone, I wanna go home back to the place were the gangsta's rome gotta whatch my back when I leave my house cause they trying to get a rep, when they taking niggaz out but I never hesitate to blast a cop but when it all boils down either me or him drops dis goes out to you punk ass hoes when you see me pass, let me go or ima get my gat and peel some caps cause when im driving I keep my shi in my lap so dont search my car, check my wheels unless you ready to shoot I pay the funeral bills thats what I say its too late to play and if you think im playing just make my date from the pork police to the punk ass rights stop doing what your doing it could value your life cause niggaz in the hood getting tired of that shit its about that time, we all raise up bitch so dont stop me pig when yousee my vogues cause im simply sweated by the po po's [Master P] Me kill a cop, kill a cop, me put the pig in the box with me glock Me kill a cop, kill a cop, me put the pig in the box with me glock [Chorus x3] [King George] In my rearview mirror its the po po's again yeah im tripping cause I just got out the pen the sucker motherfucker with a blue suit foo trying to lock a nigga down on the que riding my dick like a hoe from the stroe a jealous bitch cause a nigga try and roe that coward motherfucker with a badge on his chest fuck with King, get a whole through your vest like rat-tat-tat on your asshole thats what I think about the motherfuckin the po po [Silkk] rolled on his set in his benz everything cool, gotta make a dropoff around 2, I got the dope went to the house got my gat, rolling on the street were they at servin fiends, servin fiends, letting em go hmmm, sweated by the po po's [Master P] get the gat here come the rat rat-tat-tat put the pig on his back and that will make pig feet qnd with my gat shoot the ankles off the punk ass police it cause they like to put me cop in the ziplock and they go as the fuck everylad cop cause bitches with a badge keeping attitude but they never catch a bad dude and just like traffic I merge, and work on your ass like a search, take me down to me station and I be killing motherfuckers like Jason so buckle up your seatbelt coppers and motherfuckin bitches gon need help call up the army it take a million motherfuckers sisters they still couldn't dis-arm me, cause I never ride solo I pack a god damn A-K for the po po's [Chorus x2] Me kill a cop, kill a cop, me put the pig in the box with me glock Me kill a cop, kill a cop, me put the pig in the box with me glock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Who's Da Killer? Song: The Ghetto is a Trap Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Silkk] Just the other day my brother got killed its might be worse where you hang, but the projects where I live I see my partners on the corner cold serving the dope fiends I see no dreams, instead I see more fiends when Im on the cutter off than one for every dollar I make the white folks make a hundred and I can understand why niggaz sell cain cause every nigga got it good as the next man and white folks know that there will always be dope because they always have a kid that's starving and broke and now they wanna try to seize the crack and drug dealin' know that there will only lead to more and more killing a nigga got a steal deal with the fucking police I dipped in my alias and tell them they don't know me for some strange reason they still take me in trying to get a nigga to do time in the pen on the motherfucking murder weapon stanking identity (why is that?) cause they ghetto is a motherfucking trap [Big Ed/Master P] two marks got me out of the ghetto but the ghetto is where im from welcome to the ghetto, it's a trap but the ghetto is where I grow [C-Murder] Nigga as you know im c-murder kicking the funky shit that you never even heard of Im talking 'bout the motherfucking ghetto where many punk bitches get killed ho but I dont give a fuck about that G cause im rolling with a sick ass pops I met a kingpin said he want a ki I didn't know he was the motherfucking police I said fuck and kicked him in his knees and got away cross the street in some trees I started laughing saying, "Damn, he done slacked up." little did I know they 50 done had backup all I heard was freeze with three bullets to my back I feel to my knees I started screaming and crying everythang getting black, yo im dying all I could remember thought I always catch a bullet from a gang member the the ambulance came, paramedics asking me my motherfucking name damn I almost choked with six fuckin' doctors sticking tubes down my throat but through all of that I made it why I wanna I live man, I think im crazy now im going to the pen, but I dont give a fuck cause ill be out in 10 all that shit cause im tired of eating scraps the ghetto is a trap [Big Ed/Master P] two marks got me out of the ghetto but the ghetto is where im from welcome to the ghetto, it's a trap but the ghetto is where I grow [Master P] Boom, Boom, Boom and im a gonner but im tripping on life cause 50 is right round the corner and mama say boy pray, better be glad it wasn't you that got blew away killed in the dope game, ill probably craft that on life in the motherfucking dice game, cause in the game of life it has 1 rule watch your ass, count your money, don't be a fool and don't fuck with a broke bitch, cause if you fuck with a broke bitch they get you in the fucking ditch so you can play the roll of a dummy think a bitch like you when a bitch really like your money now that don't mean shit nigga you better sleep with one eye open, and keep you finger on the fucking trigger, or go out like Jack, Jack died in the projects and Jill got another fucking nigga black or you can go out like a clucker, and end up six feet deep motherfucker and listen to what I say cause in the ghetto somebody else gets blowed away, cause that has no age, smoked out dope fiends on the motherfucking rage, so I refuse to be caught not strapped when I walk into the ghetto, knowing the ghetto is a trap. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRUE Song: Last Dance (C-Murder) Sometimes I think the Lord is testing me don't want to go to jail I'm tired of getting arrested G I know i'm spitting when i'm sell crack but to a young nigga like me a G ain't no turning back trying to settle down is hopeless when a nigga and a old lady and a baby I can't cope with it a chance is something that I never had I'm standing on this corner I got my rocks in a skittles bag can't make a move without my boy I wear a bulletproof vest and watch my back because i'm paranoid you know the ghetto is a trap i'm not Tupac but these jealous niggas got me strapped raise like a criminal but born a bastard visions of a jail or a grave  a closed clasket reminizing about my murder friends but i'm proud of selling drugs providing my family with these dividends my nose bad nigga like a rock star tired of swolling dope everytime I see a cop car can't leave this spot till all my fuckin crack gone six rocks never asked the Lord to let me make it home cause i'm a nigga on the run if you talk that shit i'm going to have to get my damn gun cause I can't take no chances either me or you going to die i guess that will be your last dance Chorus (Master P) your 187 dance, 187 dance, this will be your last dance, 187 dance, 187 dance, fool this will be your last dance, last call for alchol, I mean blood's spill on the wall (Master P) Blood on my palm and I pack a glock for these suckers and bitches tryin to bet me on my fuckin rock spot (Mia X) But Mia X got your back P cause ain't no bitch nor these kince aren't ever going to fade me (Master P) And if you step to us killers then you dead cause I sleep with a HK Tre-8 then missed it in for red (Mia X) Another braud ass nigga on this back then if it is on your mind then we got this second line in for you (Master P) In for you what about you and you don't fuck with my crew cause i'll do your hoe too bust caps on whoever, whenever, however, whereever (Mia X) So the crowd better start ducking cause these No Limit TRU Soldiers  still ain't finish fuckin busting (Master P) Won't leave no witneses to talk about it Mr. Serv-On got life insurance and i'm bout it bout it (Mia X) Now don't talk about the way we do this and bitches think they prepared to do this prepare to eat some bullets (Master P) So come dance with the devil with the gold teeth ain't no butterflying on the floor but may you rest in peace Chorus (C-Murder) I'm waking up in cold sweats I just realized It wasn't a dream I shot that fool in the drive by another victim of the dope game that nigga tried to rob me off my heroin and coccaine a lot of pride a lot of heart so how you figure my rep was on the line of course i had to kill that nigga crepped up on him playing basketball rolled down the window and I shot that bitch with my soud off i'm kind of crazy you can't get me a lot of niggas scared to stand in the same room with me I'm bout the dope pushing money grope just got out of jail and already back slanging dope my daddy wasn't there for me G and my mom left me in the house abonded at the age of three so don't ask me why i'm heartless son cause I was raised by some killers so i guess I gots to be one I'm down for whatever murder, selling drugs, and robbery in any kind of weather my girl said i won't live long i'm sick because I itilize Scarface and Al Kapone Won't none of these niggas don't understand me Master P, King George, and Silkk and Cali G so don't fuck with TRU man and if you do this will be your last dance Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRUE Song: That's How We Break Bread Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Huh huh, yeah nigga Y'all remember that shit me and Bo did last year Head for the jack, we done jacked the motherfuckers And got rich this year you know what I'm sayin' P and Bo went half on some dope, half on some dope, half on some dope P and Bo went half on some dope, turn a half ounce into a key [C-BO] Mo' money, mo mother fuckin' mail Post on the block, come back and drop knots in the garbage pail Peepin' out the window with the AK Paranoia, neighborhood destroyer Half a key on the livin' room table, and from city to city i'm able Cap a key for 10 and 12, my Mexican friends got the gear Breakin' down a quarter ki', procedin' to make that mail, Master P got the mix on the yay Whippin 'em with the can't explain game , cause rain So fuck what you heard and pay 16 for this bird We slangin' ki's and stackin' g's in the suburbs Mouth full of dope, bold's yeah you know Them Richmond niggas, quick to pull that asshole Some dope dealers, that only fuck with killers One of the first from the block to stack a mill because Chorus 4X Everyday, all day, hustling to get paid Straight ballin', that's how we break bread [Master P] Nigga what, nigga what, been down for 22 years Finally done came up, Og with a pimp ???, And slang this quarter like Calone, by that nigga Pervis ??? Ain't No Limits to these hits that I make The Ice Cream Man, the king pin of the Bay Just got a bid of 20 birdies, stuck to the ground S.K. 'bout to get my hands dirty, TRU stand for hustla So jump in the 500 SEL and buckle up On my way way to Sac. with them crome gats, 40 g's, 4 tires filled of that kill' crack Don't give a fuck if I die or go to the Pen. I'm headed to the end, a dope fiends best friend So call me the Richmond Nino Brown Cause dope and money makes the world go 'round 45 k would by my work to, and blowin' dope to the ghetto Like B.B. King blow the blues,  bullets ??? cause fools can't escape this Niggas lose they life for stickin' they nose in my cake mix And like a ??? away from rain I mean harvest these chickens until it's a drought man I got more mack than Craig, Notorious Like Big Put a playa hater in the back And I give you a bitch before I give you a buck Hit the windows niggas chokin' on a fruit roll-up I got ??? on tha set puttin' in work sellin' fuckin' Lemonheads To the dope fiends, we call 'em street queens Hit the dope and they pussy when the feds hit the scene Now the spots hot ain't nobody got rocks Laugh at the cops, organization ticks like a clock Chorus 4X [King George] Just another episode of how us No Limit TRU niggas make our mail Organized trained soldiers droppin' bread crumbs to the underworld You know what I mean and like nigga P Said every day, all day, hustlin' to get paid That's how we break bread hahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: True Song: Mobbin Through My Hood Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com, mguntrum@pacbell.net Mobbin Thru My Hood (Master P) Uh huh, all y'all TRU playaz get ya handz in the air Let's Mobb, TRU style, Untouchable, check it out (Chorus)  Mobb'n Thru Da Hood, 6 Deep, Hoo Ridin' Up To No Good Mobb'n Thru Da Hood, 6 Deep, Hoo Ridin' Up To No Good (King George)  Rollin thru Richmond in my six-fo' clockin the cash, rollin them Vogues  Called Master P to get tha scoop Po-po's on my tail, got a gangsta flu I ain't goin back to tha staff of chief I stand a better chance holdin court on the streets Watch how I mash on this white chump front back side 2 side on a speed bump  I say,"gotta come n get me." with a 350  Roar like a lion, high speed on a tipsy Straight to the highway, straight to the biway Six deep in the car goin sideways Chorus (Silkk)  I wanna mobb thru my hood, but I'm feelin kinda tipsy I see my future as a gypsy  I see tha picture but it aint all clear but I know one thing, I'm not supposed to be here  Tha phone rang, collect call from the city Seems C-Murder told me to come get him, so you know I had to floss  almost got shortstopped by a cop, so I had to hide my glock  Pull down my beanie, so he can't see me, disappear like a genie Cuz it's a everyday thangs where I hangs at the Rich where I livez, at tha place where I slangs at Mobb'n Thru tha East Bay, each day R-I-C-H-M-O-N-D, to tha CA where tha playaz be hangin,  but I can't ride slow cuz my hood aint 9-0-2, 1 to tha 0.  And I be puttin in work, Mobb'n Thru Da Hood,  have my deez spinnin like the earth (*3X fading*) Chorus (Big Ed)  Comin up in the Rich', rollin up through the darkness grew up in this land where these killers be like heartless Ease on down tha yellow brick road I keep my nine cocked and ready to unload Cause all that they got luv for me Cash is more important than the RICM's Now as I flex and floss floss it and flex it Big Ed keeps his eyes open in the intersection  Let's see where your heart is at but mine is in right exact tha G-Spot Cause I got the click that fools can't get But, can you feel me thru my illness and sickness My team is Cali C, that makes it quick to handle my business If you wantsta deal with me, you gotsta deal wit 16 rounds ya see Chorus C-Murder Mobb'n thru da hood, a young G like me ballin Top down, I can hear them hoochies callin Wanna get with me, wanna do me but I ain't trippin so fire up the doobie  I thank god, I'm not in a casket Just the other day, another brother got blasted Comin up, tryna get bigger but I ain't goin down, like Mary J, I get richer Chorus Master P Ya, Master P, that TRU click No Limit Records, Mobb'n Thru Da Hood like that 500 SCL Watch them vogue tires smoke fool.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRUE Song: Living That Life Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Damn, these niggas ain't come with that shit there man Check this out [Master P] See I'm a G on the grind 24/7 Don't give a damn if I don't go to heaven Us G's live bad on the street I gotta hustle hard cause a nigga gotta eat [Silkk] Cause nobody ever gave me nothin' but a hard time Two strikes on my record and a scared mind [Master P] So I'm crazy, drive by Miss Daisy Sellin' dope to all these motherfuckers and killin' babies I know it's sad but I gotta pay the bills Who gives a fuck about me Jack or Jill [Silkk] You know what P, man you right Cause if I live to see twenty-one, well I lived a long-life [Master P] And the P won't change Call me Mr. Rogers or the neighbor dope-man Still hustlin' hard, in-and-out of jail Mama's bad boy, tryin' to run that ant hill Some bad cards been dealt My auntie Marie told my mamma that i'll probably get my cap peeled And I don't give a fuck Still tryin' to make a dollar fifteen cent out that ice cream truck Chorus: TRU Cause I'm a hustla, that's what hustlas do Listen baby why you wanna live that life Cause I'm a hustla, that's what hustlas do Listen baby you know you ain't livin' right Cause I'm a hustla, that's what hustlas do Listen baby [Master P] Silkk kick some shit [Silkk] I'll be glad to [Master P] Fool, why you live like you live [Silkk] Cause I have to When I be leavin' the house, I be lyin' to my chick Tell her i'll be home, cause I don't want that cryin' shit I wish I could tell her everything would be alright But if the man let me make it tomorrow, i'll be home that night And when she hear shots she page me Havin' nightmares that a nigga's pushin' up daisies Because i'm hangin' with these killas She's always tellin' me not to hang with my TRU niggas Chorus [Master P] Young brother in the hood lose his life Who gives a damn, just another ghetto life Blame it on this rap shit that I spit What about these hoovies or this fucked up government You didn't blame Bush when he bombed Iraq Or Noreaga when he ??? for sellin' that crack And it's sad to see a mother cry It took the beatin' of Rodney King Hit three-million dollars to realize That life in the ghetto ain't shit And OJ wouldn't be on trial if it wasn't a white bitch I just kick the real, alot of people don't know the deal They wanted to beat Tyson and Tupac before that went to jail And it's sad to see this happen Stars like Michael Jackson on trial now what's really happenin' And ??? must be a joke Anita Hille, Clarence Thomas now what's up folks And no role models to look up to That's why niggas form gangs and die for colors like red and blue A bastard child without a father figure I'm not Spice 1, but just another young nigga Tryin' to hustle on the grind, make a loaf of bread Even though these penetentiary chances gonna take me to my grave Chorus Why you wanna live that life, I'm missing you baby You know you ain't livin' right It ain't No Limit to these TRU niggas hustling Why you wanna live that life, I'm missing you baby You know you ain't livin' right No-no-no-no-no-no-no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: True Song: Another Day, Another Dollar Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Yeah, T-R-U, all about the paper chase Young Silkk, 'bout to take y'all foos on a journey [Silkk the Shocker] Seems it's a trip what niggas 'll do for a grip in this day and age See I be tryin' to get paid and keep my game sharper than a fade (like that) Ridin' through the hood in somethin' tight like the Coupe that's dropped Have them niggas starin' while they glarin' when I hit tha block(woo shit) On my way to check me a motherfuckin' grip it's about that time I got my hand upon my nine plus my money be on my mind Stay away from these niggas that be shady like a tree I try to show 'em love and get ta thinkin' they can be me But a nigga I'll blast you if I have to(why?) Because cash rules(damn) [Silkk] x2 Another day another dollar I'm all about that money an power And if ya feel me then holla if you can't you's a coward I'm all about tha dollar bills that I make It's a day another dolla another dolla another day [Master P] Dolla dolla Dolla dolla dolla bill y'all...x3 Dolla bill y'all Dolla dolla bill y'all Dolla dolla dolla bill y'all [Silkk the Shocker] Bitch I'ma G nigga like all tha way So nigga they betta just fall away (talkin' gangsta shit) And still cross-over like Hardaway I do more pimpin' than Scottie A nigga fuckin' violent, plus i'm silent, so you know a nigga a 'bout it (whassup, whassup) And some of these niggas show they don't understand Cause if I don't die or go to the pen(uh huh) Shit huh, I'ma be tha man(damn) And I be quick to hop in some gangsta shit(like that) See if I had a quarter for ever nigga told me they gonna major Shit, I be rich Kinda had flow ons them gold thangs spinnin' like some diamonds With my clique right behind me nigga you know, just where to find me Just tryin' to get a buck, comeup on the cut before the taz hit But I been in this game so long shit, I done mastered it By any means the more fiends, the more green I have I just kick back and watch them, go out and get tha cash and then I laugh(ha ha ha ha) I'm just all about my paper [Silkk the Shocker] I stay TRU to tha ghetto even if I make a mill' Cause that's the only place I can go when I'm broke and I keeps it trill You besta believe how I be about my mail(what?) Whether it be sun out, rain, snow, sleet, or hail You know I gots to, watch my back and be 'for shure black (they can't fuck with you) Beacause it's a proven fact(what?) that some of these hoes jack(tell 'em) I stay posted and be major they trip Cause how can I have a grip and only be a teenager You know they can't fade me but they will try(nah they can't fuck with you) Even though I wear a vest and two straps you know I'ma still die(damn) But until then I'm 'bout my paper black Cause ain't no turnin' back and ain't no savin' that(savin' that) Can't take nothin' with me so I guess I'll be a dead G And ain't need for cryin' over me [Master P] Heh, young Silkk T-R-U, heh, we 'bout that money tha paper chase you know what I'm sayin' Breakin' bread, it's all real We all 'bout tha motherfuckin' dividends, dollars, mulah, money, cabbage Or whateva the fuck you wanna call it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Big Ed, Sonya C Album: TRUE Song: Watch Your Ass (Bonus) Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com Now let's take you to a motherfuckin' commercial [Master P] At the red light, four niggas deep I'm in the Benz, I see 'em watchin' me I ain't trippin' so I play it off Like i'm fixing my mirror But i'm going for the sawed-off I told Sonya-C to wake up She jumped up mad sayin' [Sonya C] What the fuck is up [Master P] Car full of the Dank smoke Ed said [Big Ed] P man let's show these niggas we ain't no joke [Master P] It's time to get this shit on Which one you gonna shoot [Sonya C] It doesn't matter homes [Master P] I said fuck it Rolled down the window, and left 'em like ??? Four niggas cold dead in the other car Pop pop yeah, now what the fuck you saw Cause I ain't one on a trip with a ski-mask It's just a mother fuckin' message, watch your ass Chorus: TRU Watch your motherfuckin' ass nigga Watch your motherfuckin' ass Watch your motherfuckin' ass bitch Watch your motherfuckin' [Master P] Now back to out motherfuckin' program bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Big Ed Album: TRUE Song: Anything Goes Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com Chorus 2X Eenie, meenie, minnie, moe You don't know the game 'till you fuck That's how it goes [Master P] Young nigga tryin' to get rich Posted up with this shit On the grind tryin' to slang that muthafuckin' shit Servin' the fiends the ice cream You mean that crack [King George] Bullets can't man tag, one time for the gat Can he make it, will he fake it Fiends call him Betty Crocker [Master P] Cause he got the bacon [Big Ed] You get a loc like that blueberry dope, that yaho Choppin' it up like fat, gettin' hit on that pager Cause it's all about the skrilla, nigga Pockets gettin' bigga Pockets gettin' swolled, but gettin' dubbed by a gold digger [Silkk] Now some choose to pimp hoes, and some hoes pimp them Whatever it may be, everybody against them Chorus 2X [Master P] Niggas hittin' the bass, straight playa But you gotta watch your back for them fuckin' hatas If I were a football player, i'd probably be Lawrence Taylor Blockin' these hatas off, be mad Cause they know Master P's got it goin' man That's why I fuck your bitch, but she ain't shit And everybody in the hood know the hoe suck dick But you cause you lame But like Ice Cube said, "Let's cut out the little man" You need an ounce of this real game It ain't a thang to these TRU niggas, cause we let our nuts hang I got love for you, fool you got love for me But there's always some sucker talkin' 'bout wrong P You need to jump off that glass dick You look like a dope fiend and sound like a bitch You want it cooked I got baking soda for your bitch ass, huh Cause that hoe shit won't last Chorus 2X [King George] Comin' from the Bayou, a triple by the dosage Tryin' to dodge rats, but tend to find cock-roaches We flip g's, no good deeds Down on your knees, kidnapped by g's Forties with the clip, shit float to your forehead King pay dues, fuck you a dead bitch Flip pure game, like the Og's taught me Tryin' spit game when i'm talkin' on a for-ty Chorus 2X [Big Ed] It's nothin' but the G in me I have a question Big Ed is on a funky G lesson Now, how many G's in the house tonight And how many G's spin them gold thangs tight It's nothin' but a G thang ba-by I gotta twank on a fubic, but can you fade me Nigga, cause Big Ed be like TRU to it Always wearin' Nikes' cause I just do it Got more bounce to the ounce Get you drunk like some liquor Gotta ??? Cause he's rollin' on my ???, like a weather got my action Grabbin' on my nuts like my name was Micheal Jackson So nigga Who ride, I ride, slide [Master P] But they can't touch ya [Big Ed] With my TRU niggas on my side [Master P] And you know I got 5 on it But we gotta do this one here for my dead homie Chorus 2X [Silkk] A nigga tip toe through the do' You know I'm bout 6'4" plus mo' So I had to get low And niggas lookin' shady I shook some shell up in my ass, somebody older Y'all bitches better pay me You want me to say it's all good in my hood Well I can't And anybody that told you it is, they be lyin' Cause it ain't I hopped in my ride, started fish tailin' Seems I caught a flat, so Silkk started 3-wheelin' Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mia X Album: True Song: I'm Bout It, Bout It Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com Master P (talking)  Yeah ha, I could never turn my back nigga. (Never.)  I could never forget where I came from.  This for all my muthafuckin' soldiers. (Master P.)  Native of New Orleans. (Louisiana) All you TRU Soldiers. Give it up for Richmond, California. (Puttin 'em on the map.) Put em up, represent, where you from? (Westside, southside.) Check out some of this down south shit though nigga. You bout it, I'm bout it bout it If you bout it bout it, well say you bout it bout it I represent where them killers hang Third Ward, Calliope Projects, we got are own name It's a small hood, but it's all good And Mr. Rogers aint got shit up on my neighborhood I represent nothin' but G's (G's) >From Richmond, California all the way back to New Orleans That murder capitol of the world so fool watch your back The mighty rise and clip but some tourist don't make it back And niggas aint trippin' on yo life G (Life G) They ready to take your ass out before the count of 1, 2, 3  So give me your gold chain, what bout your gold ring Niggas down south quick to put you in that body slang I mean that body cast (ha ha), what bout that body bag You aint thank quick, that's why you on your ass And niggas stuntin', perpetratin, talkin shit You roll through the projects you might get your wig split Mr. crazy wanna borrow a quarter quarter You best not fuck with them fools that gone on that water water I mean that clicker juice (Dang), fermaldahide (like dat) Whatever you want, the more they dip in cigarettes to get high Like some alcohol, niggas don't even give a fuck They leave you stuck in that muthafuckin' black truck Break you off like some muthafuckin' Japanese (damn) Aint no love in this hood, aint no love for G's And these niggas killin' bitches too And these bitches settin up niggas cause don't give a fuck about you You gotta be bout it, bout it, cause I'm bout it bout it Third Ward, Calliope Projects, you know they bout it bout it And that Fourth Ward is bout it bout it I mean that Fifth Ward, and Tenth Ward, you know they bout it bout it Twelfth ward, bout it bout it And that Thirteenth, Seventeenth uptown, downtown, across the sea Bout it bout it, cause we bout it bout it My little homie Hot Minus Sign, they bout it bout it Bout it bout it, I mean we bout it bout it King George, TRU you know we bout it bout it Silkk, you know he bout it bout it My manager TC, you know he bout it bout it Big Ed, bout it bout it Sonya C, you know she bout it bout it C-Murder, bout it bout it  Mr Serv-On is bout it bout it Mo B Dick, you know he bout it bout it Cally G, K-Lou, bout it bout it Craig, you know he bout it bout it And Mia X gonna kick some shit she rowdy rowdy Mia X I'm here to show a whole bunch of niggas that I'm bout it Comin from the Crescent, testin nuts And eady to bust some of those who doubt it I'm rowdy as the fuck, hoes you best be backin' up >From this below sea level hoe comin' like a tornado  Brings drama, either way I have to do this So break your selves, niggas here comes a woman to this TRU click The bitch you love to hate but yet ain't bold enough to face Cause Mia X will finish first in this grand diva race I kick your earholes laced with my pimpstress funk Punks playa hate beacuse they shit be bump But I dunk a niggas head into a toilet full of piss Cause in this drama field, fool we aint takin' no shit Downtown Sixth Ward left feet on guard Seven Ward hard heads, niggas out that Saint Bernard Ninth Ward pressed for desire and Florida, New Orleans  So bout it every day we comin harder firewater  Got them niggas gettin' high off my floss, gumbo Regreet em plus my ate two fate got em payin twenty bones So bring it on cause I gotta recognize  No Limit and Mia X, nigga flex if you bout it bout it You bout it bout it, yeah I'm bout it bout it And rest in peace my girl Jill cause she was bout it bout it  Master P I mean she bout it bout it, she was bout it bout it  Them niggas from No Limit Records, you know we bout it bout it Master P, you know I'm bout it bout it The whole New Orleans, them motherfuckers are bout it bout it Baton Rouge, you know they bout it bout it Jackson, Tennesse, you know they bout it bout it Alabama, even Georgia And all you other motherfuckers down in Southside Florida You know they bout it bout it cause we bout it bout it >From Richmond, California to Oakland, they bout it bout it Cross the bay to San Fransisco, to the Eastside Huh, you know they bout it bout it Down in Kansas City, you know they bout it bout it Kentucky, Ohio, Washington, they bout it bout it Mean Green, you know he bout it bout it Craig Street, that nigga bout it bout it Rock Raines, huh, ya know he's bout it bout it My nigga Vercy Carter, you know he bout it bout it Rasheem in the Magnolia, know ya bout it bout it And all them niggas Uptown fuckin' bout it bout it All them niggas bootin' up with that gold Bout it bout it (bout it bout it) Them niggas bout it bout it (bout it bout it) My little brother Kevin Miller, rest in peace (rest in peace) Young nigga, he was bout it bout it Bounce bounce bounce fool if ya bout it bout it Yeah, f you bout it, say you bout it. Being about it means you down to do whatever.  You bout it?  I'm bout it. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mia X Album: True Song: Fuck Them Hoes Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Yeah heh heh Y'all ain't think I was gonna make somethin' for y'all Funky hoes this year, this is for y'all pussy poppin', shake that ass Goin' to the club, borrowin' skirt, goose neck Once a month draws changin', funky ass hoes Yeah y'all funky bitches heh All y'all bitches tryin' get me for my money Y'all gonna end up with nothin' but dick and pounds of milk bitch Ha ha yeah, I done hooked back up with my little cousin Mo B Dick Y'all might know him as pullin' rank But we 'bout to do this shit We layin' the beats down real thick And I'm about to get nasty stupid with you funky hoes [Master P] I'm jumpin' on you bitches cause you hoes got me mad And all you money hungry hoes y'all can kiss my ass Tryin' play a playa for his wallet like a bitch I told you all you mother fuckin' bitches suck dick Cause all hoes suck dick [Mia X] You ain't talkin to me [Master P] Yeah I'm talkin to you bitch But your pussy fuckin' stank And stop washin' your draws in the motherfuckin fish tank You need to get a life, go find a job bitch Stop suckin' the nigga dick just to get your nails fixed How many licks in a mother fuckin' lollypop She'll call you Maxwell Bitch will suck me till the last drop Don't blame it on the drank and the weed bitch You and Harry are gettin' on your fuckin' knees trick From your sister momma auntie daughter G I know your ass back in the mail for me Now your hustlin' bustin' your ass for shit Cause ain't no nigga in the hood gettin' your hair fixed You're just an old perpetratin' dick suckin' bitch And i'm a let you hoes know who you fuckin' with That M-A-S-T-E-R to the P bitch Fuckin' with us killas I'm a drop you to your knees trick Think your ass played me like a mother fuckin' dog hoe I'm a leave your ass dropped dead on the floor ha ha Chorus: Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Cause a bitch will tell you anything to kick it black [Silkk the Shocker] Once a hoe, always a hoe How you gonna tell a nigga you don't suck dick no more Shit, you bitches know y'all hoes can serve that Talkin' bout I don't do that type of shit How many times a nigga heard that Yeah I'm a pay you some money but ya gotta wait until the mornin hoe But I'll be like sideways before you start yawnin' though I don't love these bitches, I never did, never will though We gonna put it down me and P on you clown hoes Doggin' bitches from the South to the West Coast Havin' hoes stuck like some dope-fiend without a dope Don't ask Silkk for shit  cause I ain't got nuttin' but dick and some bubblegum Fresh out of gum she gonna want some dick Come over here and get you some Chorus: Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Fuck them hoes Fuck you funky hoes Cause a bitch will tell you anything to kick it black [Mia X] I've had just about enough from you immature shit talkers Claim you pimpin' hoes and reppin' on your dicks But really bustin' nuts like water, balloons in your hands I gives a damn about you cum catchers And I betcha thought that it was just another dog a bitch rhyme But Mia keeps it on her mind and I dont mind tryin' A whole heap of niggas runnin' off at the pussy eaters Sisters don't give a fuck about you and we damn sure dont need ya Frontin' ass always tryin' clown But be the main mother fucker havin' dinner downtown Mounds of niggas talkin' 'bout who got a funky cat But thats because the fact is that their nose be in the crack Yeah reppin' on your dick bitch you needs to be smacked Cause doin' that ride is like sittin' on a Tic Tac Black mother fuckers always quick to trip But know they came up on welfare and shit Food stamps, medicade and commodities Section 8 in projects so how you knockin' me And claimin' you don't trip bitch you know you breaks me off Before you give your boys or your messy ass moan At salon shoppin' mall and nail shop here I go Once my pussy hairs leave your teeth lookin' like a piano So, I don't give a fuck about them niggas Talkin' that shit cause you know you gonna pay a bitch So playa you can talk what you want to yo niggas But when it all boils down you know your bitch ass gonna pay a bitch I said I don't give a fuck about you niggas Talkin' that shit cause you know you gonna pay a bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRUE Song: Ain't No Glock Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] More mail than the rest of the pushers Cause he got a chrome Glock and a ??? Livin' Like a killer More mail than the rest of the pushers Cause he got a chrome Glock and a ??? Livin' Like a killer More mail than the rest of the pushers Cause he got a chrome Glock and a ??? Livin' Like a killer More mail than the rest of the pushers Cause he got a chrome Glock and a ??? Livin' Like a killer [C-Murder] God damn, I'm lookin' at my picture in the paper I know I shot the bitch, but you know I didn't rape her Called up moms to get the whole low down Said leave town, the feds kicked the door down Reaching for my indo and lookin' out the window I know I should've burnt that bitch with the Pinto Watchin' my back cause you get what you give And niggas who kill ain't got long to live But I really can't trip off a 187 I done smoked so many, close to 11 Cause i'm in the shit deep, I can't even sleep Can't wait for 12 o'clock for a late night creep Don't take me to jail, i'm a 2 time loser The cops wanna trip, i'm a have to get my Ruger Got bullet-proof windows on my gold-plated Lexus Need to take a trip, got a cousin in Texas Sellin' dope for awhile so you know I got ends About 40 g's only got 3 friends Smith & Wesson and 9 millimeter Always wanna see ya, and dying just to see ya To all you Og's on the run, yo I feel ya Cause life ain't easy when you livin'like a killer [Master P] Livin' like a killer, or should I say dope dealer Ain't no glock like the one I got I pack my heat for protection Ain't no glock like the one I got I pack my heat for protection [C-Murder] Livin' day after day, so fuck the future You let your guards down and a nigga might do ya Just like the Pen. everybody can't win If you fall on your face than a nigga goin' in Don't cross that line or ya might get choked Fuck what your sayin' you can keep your smoke In jail or not i'm a handle my shit You wanna act like a hoe so i'm a treat you like a bitch Down with No Limit so you know I got clout Quick to get the gat and put some wire in your mouth First degree murder, pre-medi-tated An unsolved death that's drug related I guess you could say that crime's my hobby Aggrivated assault and a massacre robbery Can't see my face cause my life ain't healthy Man that crack just make me wealthy Got ends and ends from the dope I deal ya If I come up short than I gots to kill ya [Master P] That's the life of a killer Or should I say dope dealer Ain't no Glock like the one I got I pack my heat for protection Ain't no Glock like the one I got Some people like Smith & Wesson Ain't no Glock like the one I got I pack my heat for protection The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P, Silkk, King George, Mr. Serv-On, Big Ed)  Album: TRUE  Song: TRU Playaz  Typed by: OHHLA.com [Master P] I got five on the trizzay, today is a gizzay Jumped in my Chev on the way to the dizzay And I'm a ring ding dong like Dre But I'm strapped with that tre 8 So much pound in my back seat I'm gettin chased by those motherfuckers O P D Should I hit a condo and lose the bottle Fuck it I hear today cause I never been a role model I'm out for the dough taz on my back Shake the po po's, never did time for crack This young playa, I don't play Got more bitches then oil of olay But I'm smooth like gladness, hustlin is a habit Spinach for Popeye, fool I like cabbage [Big Ed] Can tell by you walk and the way that you talk Youz a TRU playa x2 [Silkk] It be the, it be the, it be the S-I-L to the K The nigga that you love to hate, but these hoes, yep, they love to date Mom trippin goin have to get yours Stumblin and fallin as I tip toe Now watch me jump and pimpin this system for what it's worth I got so many ways but like first thing's first Now let's see if you can catch this Bouncin, leanin, smashing the Lexus I'll be a playa and you know I'm TRU I got them G's on my side and you know how us G's do Another day, another dollar I'm not a scholar cause I didn't graduate Share my school I get a paycheck You know I'm always flossin Can't be keepin them niggas up on they toes, pimpin these hoes I'm better off in, in the car that's what they told me I'm a soldier, down with this No Limit click like I told ya [Big Ed] Chorus x2 [King George] The money comes slow, the money go fast Playas like TRU stash cash in the garbage bag Every day, all day, time to roll bread C.O.B. on the spot, how we get paid AK's fully strapped in the backpack King George, like the mack in the white Lac Bumper jack intact, time to step back Guinea pigs in the crowd get thier head cracked [Mr. Serv-On] Here I come again on the straight coming The S to the S to the E to the E to the R to the R to the V to the O to the N It's all about his dividends And I ain't hesitant In 95 I changed my residence to make bigger presidents Never been a kid like Jason On and off the court I'm pimpin them hoes like Gary Payton Eyes red like Satan High from that dank Straight from the city to give two nuts about a body on stank So nick nack paddywhack, P pass a sack or pass a dack game Trippin off a nickel sack of weed Been pushin hella weed since I jumped out my daddys nut seed So aint no use in failing green like Sam Sneed So when you see me you might as well count your stack Respect what I jack and let me show you what you lack And treat you how a real playa supposed to act Cause I'm a real TRU playa [Big Ed] Chorus x2 [Big Ed] See I'm a G to be a playa, a playa to be a G It's the B to the I [Silkk] And what you be? [Big Ed] I be a G [Silkk] And what do people call you? [Big Ed] Some people call me E [Silkk] And what you used to slang? [Big Ed] I used to slang that D See I add flavor to this cut like jalapeno bro See I'm hotter then tobasco hoe, flowin fast or slow Cause yall be roll up through them cuts Runnin or rust, got that glock cocked ready to pop Let off seventeen hundred shots Uh, so either kill me pull the plug nigga Cause I'm that nigga, the real nigga, sittin behind that trigger Cause TRU be them TRU playaz So Big Ed puts it down and keeps dumpin on them playa haters Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Big Ed Album: True Song: Would You Take a Bullet for Your Homie Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Big Ed] Most fools be tripping swaring that they got your back But so so funk sure they running faster then Flo Jo Like a hoe and now his boy is like hung out, strung out Shots rang out, the jackers left him laid out Now you decide to come back after them fools leave Scream your boys name, tugging on his buddies sleeve [Silkk] Couldn't understand it, took it for granted Left for gone when he panicked You can hear his mom cry as his body hit the canvas A six tre rolled up with the lights dim Then he broke, in his voice bullet meant for him Suckers be bouncin' when the funk flow But if you rolling with me there's one thing that I gots to know Chorus 2X Would you take a bullet for your homie I got trust up in myself cause most these fools are living phony [Big Ed] The B-I-G E-D is going out like a G And my partners behind the triggers are on the side of me So if it falls out, brothers I'm going all out So tell my mom I love her if the game takes me out Cause I'm real for the TRU My love is running deep for the family I would die for you Big Ed is scared of dying yo that's sort of true But I would rather die then to let somebody kill you Cause I know my nina be singing busting caps on nizzide Tizzide, homocide on them bustas Be the only thing that will make me feel all right I'm down to go I know these suckas are aiming for my chest Be aware of my Smith and his partner Wes But if I'm gone G I guess I have to go G Just pour some liquor on the curb and remember me The B-I-G E-D, the real O.G. The ace that laid down and took a bullet for his homie Chorus 3X [Silkk] Would you take a bullet now let's just face the facts There may be consiquences, uh, and you may not be coming back So before all that on the line think about them times And if the bullet was for me would you take mine And for my homies, we drank, threw up, grew up and played together We goin' die, we goin' get shot but we goin' stay together A pint of gin as I reminisce on my ace deuce A real G that laid it all down for his crew I could still see it just as plain as day Lying in the street before we die that what he said Told me to stay strong and give his mom a kiss RIP, definately goin' be missed So for all my homies I did dirt and put in work I'll take a bullet for you homie even though it'll hurt Chorus 2X [Big Ed] Silkk would you die for me, i'd die for you fool Lay it all down for the T-R-U crew That's how it's gonna be [Silkk] No that's how it's gotta be I got love for my folks because my folks got love for me A G, see, the youngest in the crew Tatoo across my stomach got T-R-U When I'm rollin' up on them B's with my G's I'm never tripping [Big Ed] Big Ed is on your side with that nine [Silkk] And the pippen [Big Ed] The kamakaze, these suckers really don't know me, the O.G. Rolling with King George, Cally G, and Master P And uh, C-Murder, Silkk, the real untouchables Down to die for all but much quicker to bust a hoe Now you know that's for show are you a real G [Silkk] You say you a kill but would you take a bullet for your homie Chorus 2X [Master P] Yeah yeah fool check this out though The game ain't even the same anymore man The game gettin' thick you know what i'm sayin' nigga Its gettin' to thick that means it time to get out You know what i'm sayin', it ain't even cool though partner I gotta say RIP to Kevin Miller my little brother man I'm gonna see you in the cross-fire fool Plan B, Gangsta Earl, my little partner Vernell Y'all goin' be missed though man This defenately for all you players out there you know what I'm sayin' I know y'all out there rollin' one of those big fat ass phillies You know what I'm sayin' Getin' high, rollin' with your partners You could be rollin' with a bitch you know what I'm sayin' You should look that motherfucker in the eye you know what I'm sayin' Ask that motherfucker is he down for you, is he TRU to the game In other words, would he take one of them 44's you know what I'm sayin' One of them Mack 10's, one of them Tre 8's or somethin' like that You know, is he willing to die for the cause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Tobin Casten Album: TRUE Song: 3 Strikes Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Yeah an I'm here to see King George Is y'all gonna let that fool outta jail [Tobin Casten] Sit down just for that I'm gonna give that nigga 20 to life Burn nigga burn [King George] Chillin' in the courthouse stuck in jail Time movin' slow, just like a snail Hand-cuffed to the rail, delt a bad deal Quiet in the court when the judge said bail Caught up in the system can't get loose Mow wear jump suit and black stained boots 25 went to hell, that's what I get No I don't smoke but I can go for a cigarette Another black man in the cell doing time My name's on my chest number 6639 If I gotta die, King George ain't scared With a bald head, I be better of dead Chorus 4X 3 Strikes and they tryin' to give a nigga life My man is still in jail [King George] Don't stress on me, keep the money on the book Any fool cross me mother fucker gettin' took It's all going down, blame it on the white man Spike in my hand, King George with a chain gang Moving right ahead you heard what I said You not gettin' paid, you wondering why you dead In your blue jeans , mother fucker wanna know how I get mine Don't do the crime if you can't do the hard time Strapped down through a T with a sharp knife I never seen more niggas in my whole life Chorus x4 [King George] God damn, what they got you for man [Master p] Aww man shit, burglary, armed robbery, 187 Fuck it aww, assault and battery on the police You know what i'm sayin', man shit Man this snitch got me right, this snitch ratted on me man I was like on Cut Boulevard, this nigga named Roy he seen me I had the dope you know what i'm sayin' I took the dope from the bitch, then this white lady came I hit her in her head, dropped the bitch in the car Chopped her fingers off man then I fled up that And they caught me up in East Oakland man Man shit, I ain't trippin' though dogg Shit i'm a soldier like you , see this blue arm band I got on Nigga i'm on Santa Rita, i'm on the side with the killas I'm Joseph Wilson nigga I ain't here with them hoes or the rest of them old hoe ass niggas man Shh shh be quiet man here come the captain here come the captain [Tobin Casten] Listen up, when I read your name off the list You gonna know where you gonna be at in the morning Robert Jordan, your going to the Pen. son King George, your going up the river for a very long time And Joseph Wilson, yeah man your going to traffic court son [Master P] Aww nah that ain't me man Look, they got me confused, I'm going to the Pen. Say King man I'm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Big Ed Album: True Song: Keep it Jumping Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Big Ed] Here I come slidin, slippin past security Tip to the toe, Big Ed is in the house and now you know that I'm bout to get funky like halitosis Can I get a hoe to keep this playa focused Cause I'm a keep the party jumpin Aint no need for funkin, why don't you grab a freak or somethin So I can trip the honey bouncin like a pogo stick Cause I'm on hit and cant no nigga get with this Cause I'm two double zero LBS's ride Six to the four, hit like dynamite You wanna hop like a rabbit Givin em like a rap After the show I toss these hoes like a salad I'm just chillin, checkin out the plot Scopin the spot to see which freak be hot For me, what do you know I got four of em Give em all equal time cause I don't love em I got this big fat trojan full of chocolate Ready to fill you up so come and take a lick Yeah, so let's keep it on the downlow So catch me on the upstroke and keep it on the low pro [Master P] Ya don't know, now ya know If you don't know now ya know Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit Ain't no players like them T-R-U players cause them T-R-U players is the  shit Fool I got more rhymes then freaknit got hoes Fool I got more hoes then the O got vogues You know I'm low like a Lac, funky like a sac Cause I'm a mack, I know you can't fade me black You think your old lady's coming home, whatever Cause I got more dick then Clark and Van Dyke put together And that'll keep a hoe forever Big Ed short change a honey, naaah, never And you can check my credents Cause any time spent with me is time well spent I hit the jackpot like a casino Make you nut twice, goin deep like Dan Marino I flow smooth like a drano Explode like a volcano I'll be hittin that ass on the floor and yo Then the bitch be tryin to kiss me Layin with they man, they reminisce and they miss me See I'm a playa that be TRU T-R-U be them real niggas, I thought ya knew So let me freak this, kick this with my flow Here we go, here we go, here we go [Master P] If ya don't know, now ya know If you don't know now ya know Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit Ain't no players like them T-R-U players cause them T-R-U players is the  shit [Big Ed] I rock from Richmond, California to Richmond, Virginia Never ever scared of funk because I hop when I was in ya Enter, hit your chest like a fender bender So close your eyes fool, cause your the grand prize winner And anywhere I go I got that nine Got more straps then Pippen and Maxwell combined So everything is all fine You gotta have yours, I gotta have mine So let's fly like a jet, are you with me? Hell yeah Now buckle up cause you gots to be prepared Now I'm a take you on a funky TRU mission You gots to pay attention so listen I'm a keep it off on and keep your funk You know Big Ed has just what you want So conjunction junction, what's your function Just like fire marshall Bill, let me show you somethin Can't you see what you do to me When your on your knees sucking me baby You know it, I'm a G and you a G So all other G's repeat after me [Master P] If ya don't know, now ya know If you don't know now ya know Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit Ain't no party like a No Limit party cause a No Limit party is the shit And ain't no hustlers like them Richmond hustlers Cuase them Richmond hustlers don't take no shit And ain't no hustlers like them New Orleans hustlers Cause them New Orleans hustlers don't take no shit And ain't no niggas like them T-R-U niggas  cause them T-R-U niggas don't take no shit If ya don't know, now ya know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: True Song: Keep it All Good Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Master P] Motherfucker ask me what I think about a bitch This ain't nothin' about a bitch nigga I use a bitch like shoes you know what I'm sayin' Bitch got old, get me a new pair Chorus 2X We dont love them hoes, can't trust them hoes But just to keep it all good, just to fuck you hoes [Silkk] Just another day in a life of a G, drop the top on my I-Roc Z Got dope in case the drousies got cash in my pockets 6x9 hitting just like Rockfords Gold ones spinnin' as I pull out the driveway Hit the backstreet cause it was too packed on the highway Made a il-legal U-turn seen 5-0 coming my way I thought they was gon' sweat, they said have a nice day So a girl I haven't seen since Junior High School say what's up with me and you And she say it's all cool, well check this I guess it's a date, picked up later on and hit it at the lake Had a husband and kids but it ain't my fault He must have not been hittin' it right But she definetly got taught Got ghost in my shit with the top down Sideways, back to the town Chorus 2X [Silkk] I'm at the crib just counting up my mon-ey Ain't really tripping cause is a Sunday I went to church girl and confessed my sins And asked the lord can he forgive me for the things I did I think of my children, so I call this girl up Hello, is ya free in other words can I.. What, I mean can I see you later on a date She said it was all good, so I guess I see you around 8 Grab my strap then i'm out the door But before I go, Silkk sideways to the store Walked in the store and grab some sheeking Cause later on that night a brother went deep in Woke up my sleep by some suckers dope, left on my answer machine Why you stood me up Pager keep going home but yo it ain't mine Grab my clothes didn't waste no time Left it like that, like a real G should So next time, it'll be all good Chorus 2X [Silkk] No a nigga can't trust no chick A nigga can't trust a bitch I can't trust a bitch as far as I can throw 'em And that's about the same length as a nigga blow 'em X to the next, no love just straight sex And when i'm going diving I got to have my latex Just to let you brothers know, don't put you life in these hoes' hands Cause nigga can't trust a hoe [Master P] Can't trust a hoe or a nigga or a bitch Silkk The game is crazy but that's just how the cards are dealt I went to jail, you think this bitch love me She used to write me, say she thinking of me But she don't try to play me like a punk But I refuse to be some garbage in a garbage dump She met another nigga now he's getting paid They try to play me like a old dirty fade But I can't be faded, pre-meditated Kill a bitch and fled with the babys to another set Smoke 'em like a cigarette Cause I'm in here deep like a bullet-proof vest So I'm down for the count like who ride Ain't nothing but my nina on my motherfucking side It aint a bitch, got 17 rounds in it Don't give a fuck about you hoes cause I'm a run a fucking clown with it On the set cause i'm a G bitch You try to play i'm a play you trick, cause I'm deep Fools gotta creep, that's how it is from the 95 to the, 2003 motherfucker Can't trust these old dog-ass hoes out here though man You know what I'm sayin' Chorus 2X [Master P] Yeah, but I can't forget about my motherfuckin ??? bitch out the in motherfuckin Kansas Livin' like a gangsta Another hoe in Cincinatti you know what I'm sayin' That's realer than real A bitch down there in Colorado Even got a bitch down there in Alabama fool Milwaukee, Miami I took one ??? It's all good though, you get a back rub The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (C-Murder) Album: TRUE Song: Eyes of a Killa Typed by: TRUSouldia@aol.com [C-Murder] As I wake up and look into the motherfucking mirror I realize I'm staring into the eyes of a killer C-Murder who I be, TRU be my click My mind's on killing but in the process I'm getting rich As I walk out the crackhouse strapped With my bulletproof vest cause I can't live with no bullets up in my chest I'm a soldier, bitch I told ya With a shot from the Calliop to the Magnolia Cause it's a known fact that I sell crack You fuck with me I'll smoke your ass like cuz smoked this track Beeper blowin I gots to apprehend my drug money But I see popo's in the car and commence to running This cuz I knew keeps his rocks up in a skittles bag Nigga I'll be a little late but have my cash Jumped in the caddilac and hit I-10 Got on the mobile lemme see which hoe I'm gonna go up in Cocked my weapon cause I aint got no time for no bullshit Ready to kill one of these hoes jealous ass boyfriend Nigga, don't hate me cause I'm getting head while I'm smoking weed And when I'm done I'll fix a sandwich and I'm outie G ?????? I aint workin with it all I blame that shit on spending half of my life behind bars The fedz talkin bout, no limit full of drug dealers But homocide know C-Murder is a born killer Chorus They say I'm a drug dealer But look into the eyes of this motherfucking killer x2 My mind playin tricks cause um, I think some dope missing Time to check my crackhouse cause something fishy And I aint taking no shorts nigga ask Silkk I'm known to fold a nigga head like a fuckin quilt Call bye cause I smell a fuckin murder coming No limit soldiers bout to have this fuckin party jumping Infared on AK's for a better aim T-Shirt, bulletproof vest cause, uh, bullets gots no name Cause six deep is how we mob Time for a 187, a motherfucking homocide They put another x up on my tatooes Laughing as another nigga sing the blues Like Frank Nino, I feel funeral homes make a nigga wish they kept thier motherfuckin ass home You can take me to jail bitch, but that's dumb Cause the witness will never make it to the motherfucking courtroom I'm legendary ask them hoes, see, they be loving I'm not 2pac but uh, I'll still be thugging Cause dope, pussy and money is what I live for Besides my family, that's something I'll kill for Disrespect my click, and you will feel a Blast from this motherfucking natural born killa Chorus x4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: Intro -Hey son? -Hey dad. -Son, whos your favorite rapper and who's your favorite rap group? -You are, cause you the real ice cream man and my favorite rap group is T.R.U. cause I'm true 2 da game. -Aha, I'm true 2 da game too son. You did your homework? You got any studying to do? -Yea dad. Studying this, just how to be a true playa. Wanta ask me some questions? -Yea son. Let me see this. Oh they didn't have questions like this when I grew up son, but I guess whatever it takes to make you be a man son. I'm all for it. Son, the first question is, if you rap about another rapper on a record, what are you? -You a sucka! -Aha, you got that right son. Next question. If you hate another for being successful, what are you? -You mean like, you rollin in Benzes, they be like P.H.ing you, the pigs be pulling you over cause you be black and you be sittin on triple gold, like the niggas in the ghetto be hatin on you cause you made it out? -Yea son, what is that, what you call that? -Dad, that only be two words. PLAYA HATA. -Huh, you got that right son. Look like you gonna past this test, but I got one more question for you. Son, if  any man depends on another man and can't think on his own, can't survive on his own, can't take good care of his  family, you know what I mean son. I mean, you were put in this world by yourself, you're supposed to depend on you  and nobody else. I mean son, when a man can't function on his own and put his problems on another man, son, what type  of man is that? What do you call that type of person? -Dad, can I curse? -Son, if you have to express yourself. Tell me, what type of man is that? -That a punk ass bitch -Hehehe, damn little P, you bout it, bout it, just like your daddy. Oh wait, one more question before I leave though. What you wanna be when you grow up? -I wanna be a G like you. A No Limit Soldier for life. Fuck you hatas, cause we have millions. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru (Master P, Silkk, C-Murder) w/ Mia X Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: No Limit Soldiers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Master P] Whazzup with all y'all Tru niggaz 	Uuhhh, at ease! And truettes 		Rest of my soldiers out there, Kevin Miller This ya motherfuckin colonel 		Rest in peace Tupac of the motherfuckin team 		And all y'all up there soldiers 	Whazzup Big Boz, nigga! Master P I got C-Murder with me 	T-Scot 		L.D. Silkk the Shocker 	Big Mo 		Gangsta T And you know what? 	Big Man We No Limit soldiers -- I thought I told ya (repeat 6X) 	Mr. Serv On 	Mia X 	KLC 	Mo B. Dick 	Craig B 	Hope nigga! So bitch get ya mind right -- I thought I told ya (repeat 2X) 	Kane and Abel 	Skull Duggery We No Limit soldiers -- I thought I told ya (repeat 2X) 	T-R-U All y'all motherfuckin Tru soldiers Verse One: Master P Nigga, I'm bustin me locs, but I'm hittin em down with jokes Y'all niggaz on the rope, got your hoe on da scope Bitches watching me, jockin me, nigga blockin me, cockin me Cause I'm the HARDEST motherfucker, out here rockin I got the game in shades, got the niggaz in blades I got them hoes on a raid, because the nigga gettin paid I've got, niggaz from coast, slangin my dope Got niggaz and G's, and rollin keys keys to record sto's Get paid wit fatals, niggaz harder than Cato Nigga turnin the tables, but niggaz livin like potatoes Get chopped up in game, niggaz runnin my name Master P up in chain, is he dead he's a man but I be bustin, hustlin, niggaz ain't trustin I'm a soldier, that's why niggaz ain't trustin no bitch or no nigga, hoe or no sucka  Fiend or no clucker, but ready to hustle With boulders, bigga than yo' shoulders Runnin from the rollers, gone on that doja Cause cowards despise, soldiers we ride Killers with attitudes, but ready to die Cause chickens get plucked, hoes get fucked Turkeys get stuck, and niggaz get cuffed Ready for combat, my gat with my hard hat Strapped with my crew and my niggaz and all that Down for whatever, niggaz straight rowdy Ask any motherfucker in America they'll tell ya, we bout it Soldiers out there tech, bustin don't think Lose ya life if you blink Fuckin with them soldiers on the tank, cause Chorus: Master P We No Limit soldiers -- I thought I told ya (repeat 8X) Verse Two: Silkk the Shocker Let's get ready to rumble, them niggaz stumble Hit em with left blows Fuck it got death blows Ready to got to war? Let's go! We killas and realas, drug dealers and killers, fuck it No Limit soldiers, close your eyes Now picture me foldin dollar bills I stay fuckin Tru, nigga fuck it, nigga do ya Nigga I come to life and I scare all y'all bustas like Freddy Kruger Gangstafied nigga, true to the game nigga Stay fuckin pullin triggas, fuck up all y'all niggaz Cause I'm so fuckin T-R-U, representin I thought you knew Cause killas killas killas that's all I be around, nigga fuckin fool About face, this No Limit soldier One to the two to the three (hah hah) Nigga I tried to told ya Everybody quiet.... while I load up this rifle (attention!) Now all my soldiers start fightin It's time -- to go deep cover Get to whoopin like Danny Glover, smother like jelly Really, go deep like Jim Kelly Fuck it, all y'all bustas open up y'all belly Think we playin bitch, well we ain't I heard we had drama motherfucker Put up the Benz and now we drive the tank Cause all I want to be was a soldier All I want to be was a soldier, soldier Chorus 1/2 Verse Three: C-Murder I'm a No Limit motherfuckin soldier till I die We run this place, and I say the same shit, with a gun up in my face I ain't scared to die, bitch like I said before, hoe 3rd Ward, I'm from that motherfuckin Calliope Projects supported worldwide by drug dealers Transformin wimpy ass niggaz into killers Taking over, worldwide, doin shows oversea Bringing bitches to the telly, put them hoes upon they knees Gangstafied, like my motherfuckin homies Kane and Abel No Limit, the world's number one fuckin rap label (worldwide) Competition get smoked like we smokin blunts I take a playa hata and knock out his fuckin fronts Dope slanga, now I'm slangin CD's A million records (platinum), it used to be some quarter keys TRU tattooed on my back bitch thats my click Ready to hop into some motherfuckin gangsta shit I say No Limit loud, cause we ain't scared of nobody Organized by P or should I say, John Gotti Real niggaz, put ya guns up if ya feel me But if ya talk shit, bitch ya betta kill me Like Skull I'm a hoodlum 4 life, I told ya We be some motherfuckin No Limit TRU soldiers Chorus 1/2 Verse Four: Mia X Hard times got my mind on cock, and massive thoughts be the plot Top priorities the family dope and royalty My loyalty, fiends with a gang of true niggaz No colors, just a bunch of ignorant motherfuckers Trust my pen is an infa-red Hollow-tips be my lyrics dipped in venom when I send em they split ya head (pssssh) wide open My rhymes on fire blood, but you can't smoke ne'er a one Don't try to come, don't even touch the mic My shit so tight, it's more correct than right, when I recite absolutely, you booty-ass hoes and niggaz Perpetratin behind water gun triggers Hurry up and figure out that studio Gotti's catch hotties to the mouth Who got that clout, don't act surprised cause it's that bitch from the South Mia X hoes, you don't want no problems Get so much respect, even yo' niggaz call me momma, the biggest one to come stompin out the N.O., the crescent Testin, chin-checkin, wreckin when I'm flexin on your WHOLE crew Who wants to go to war with this lyrical arsenist Ya talkin shit, I'll having ya runnin for the thesaurus, cause I'm walkin wit the big dogs without hesitation, Unlady Like as ever Full of, verbal annhilation Escaping, po-po's chasin, want ta catch me but they cain't I made em think, and now they too scared to run up on the tank No Limit, you can start it, but we niggaz is the hardest to deal wit, keeps the steel, and the plastics to peel wit in reach, so we can touch yo' ass And leave a bout it scarf on ya face, we soldiers Chorus 3/4 I thought I told ya TRU niggaz wave ya guns, show ya tattoos Soldiers foe life nigga Jumpin off the tank Stay true to the gizame The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: I Always Feel Like... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*inhales, coughing*} See y'all niggaz think I'm tripping cause I'm on that doja (I'ma sprinkle y'all niggaz with some game) See y'all true niggaz One reason I'm spiitin this game to y'all niggaz Nigga cause I want y'all niggaz to watch y'all motherfuckin self y'know (Motherfuckin F-E-D's everywhere y'know) See the white folks be followin niggaz all in the projects (Narcotics, U.S. marshals) All in a nigga car, all on planes and boats (Motherfuckin cable man - buggin niggaz houses up and shit) Just like deez niggaz and deez hoes (Telephone man) Tired of motherfuckers followin me man (Uh-huh, motherfuckers everywhere) Take another route nigga somebody after you Keep ya eyes open fool [Chorus: repeat 2X]  I always feel like, somebody's watchin me I'm paranoid I can't sleep I'm in the dope game I think these hoes and these niggaz out to get me mayn [Master P] I ain't never had nuttin in my whole life I'm from the ghetto grew up, on eggs and rice I'm paranoid I can't sleep cause I done stole a ki Peeped out the window unmarked car after me My little homie downstairs holla, "Five-oh!" But I ain't runnin from no motherfuckin white folks I got the A-K spray hit the window (lay it down) duck So nigga holla, god damn I hit him in the trunk The dogs chase me but a nigga ran through the back That's when I seen Dopefiend Willy in the Cadillac He said, "P where ya goin man? Get in!" Put the gat to his head said interstate 10 Play it off, play it off, 'fore I do ya trick Take me to the projects, to meet my bitch A hundred G's, two ki's, and a bullet-proof vest And like Billy the Kid I got some pussy and headed to the West [Silkk the Shocker] I was pullin up out the driveway Car been parked since Friday I looked and look back it wasn't there but I saw him followin on the highway And I today, know that I'ma blast See I don't know who in it because the cars wiz-window was tinted And I be seein shit that ain't there It ain't there but I be seein shit I be in places without bein seen there But be seein a place without even bein there And it seems like I'm in a different time zone This dope game coke game got my mind, gone got my mind gone I be havin nightmares everyday, I'll be woke but I'll be sleep I looked at Shock the nigga but I turned around and it was me It got me 'noid.. It got me 'noid, it got me noid.. But I ain't paranoid! [Chorus] - 1.5X [Mia X] I beez more paranoid than a fugitive, because I choose to live Pro-life, when it comes to mine my Ruger 9's on cock For all them haters with the scandolous plots The red dot, marks the spot, for my nineteen shots {*BOOM!*} Thought I forgot the way they did ya boy? That's why I'm never on the streets without my plastic toy (Fa sho'!) They wanna trap me kidnap me duct tape my mouth Torture me until I tell 'em 'bout my man and point the dopehouse out (Damn!) I used to be about the same drama games That's why I'm, two steps ahead of all you, gutter brains You know the name Mia X the biggest momma Ghetto Sara Lee at the store And Betty Rocker when I choppa fa sho' The evil eyes be watchin, cause niggaz be always tryin to get in the best players spot and knockin, motherfuckers heads off and cris-crossin Throw in mo' salt than Morton - when it rains it pours Whores with pitchfork tongues; they're tryin to get my slung on my back gotta watch them jealousy acts so black My eyes be in the front and the back and on the sides peepin for all them crooks that be out creepin - I feel they watchin me [Master P] They're watchin us But TRU soldiers don't die, we multiply - UNGGGHH Keep an open eye - for them haters [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Silkk the Shocker, Mo B. Dick, Master P)  Album: TRU 2 Da Game  Song: I Got Candy  Typed by: OHHLA.com This for all ya'll niggaz dat TRU to the g-zame.  From Master P and the whole TRU click. It's time to hook ya ice  cream up and turn it into candy.  Mo B. Dick: Oh!  Chorus I: I got candy!  Mo B. Dick: I can serve you on the block  Cocaine, cream, or rock, it takes over fiend  I got candy!  Mo B. Dick: I wanna know  If you feel it, too, just like I do.  [Silkk]  I hits the block non stop, rocks in my sock  Pause for a second when I see the cops  Rocks of candy, whatever you wanna call it  But when I get you hooked, it's like a muthafuckin alcoholic  I stay ??? around like a poster, watch fiends follow like a toaster  Candy I have move em fast like ???  Knick knack paddy whack, give a fiend a fast sack  9 times outta 10, he'll tell his friends and they'll be right back  Whole bunch a niggaz, and just one fiend  They come to me for less cut, cause I boast bigger cream  And them fiends come back cause they understand me,  I open up shop, open up shop cause I got candy  Chorus II: He's got candy! Yo eyes roll in your head,  Mo B. Dick: You toss and turn in yo bed  Cause I only sell the best to you,  Mo B. Dick: Indeed I do!  Simply put I'm the reason why  Silkk: Why?  Everyday you get high,  Mo B. Dick: Real high!  And you know I got that crack for you  Mo B. Dick: Indeed I do!  Just for you  [Silkk]  I'm sittin on the post, choppin game with this bitch,  I see ya later ho, I gots money to get  Cause as long as a fiend with dream, I got cream  Money moves everything around me, kn'what I mean?  Cause as a ??? with a dolla, I'm sittin on a drop and parlour  On some gold thangs, watch all them hoes follow  My money makes stacks and real deals  I keep my cash, nigga taj, I can't chill, I gots to pay bills  And these niggaz can't stand me  Got this ho that said she wanna suck my dick for candy  Gotta watch out for these dope fiends cause they be runnin tricks,  $3 what they gon come with, $3 what they gon get  I hold the block like a 7-11(7-11), kick yo door in like taj (taj)  Cut the shit up like machetti, chop the shit up like grass  Cause I'm a stay hustlin till they fuckin can me bitch,  Because it's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, I got candy  Chorus I  [Master P]  Uuuunnnngggghhhh! I smoke weed cause I'm a drug deala  I sell candy on the block fool, to make my fuckin scrilla  7 grams for $2.50,  Got niggaz in the hood on hold, tryin to get with me  I keep a stash for the drought,  But the shit I sling daily in plastic out my mouth  My homies use code names,  Like L.D., Big Champ, Slim, T Dove, and Big Mann  I take penetentiary chances to make a livin,  Every 1st of the month, is like Thanksgiving  Fiends hug me like they miss me  Hoes see me rollin in my car, and wanna be with me  I get my candy from California by the keys  Ship it in boats and trains back to New Orleans  And open up shop like Mr. Rogers,  But sell mo hits than the Dodgers  And fiends holla "ungh!" cause it's all good  From the triple beam, straight to the neighborhood  And when you sellin candy trust nobody  Cause niggaz even snitched on John Gotti  Niggaz stay TRU to the g-zame,  Never front on muthafuckin candy in the dope game  And never go to the fedz on ya folks  Cause punks get fucked with the soap  Chorus III:  Mo B. Dick: I got that real good cocaine (cocaine) each and  every day, All real TRU soldiers, on these streets I gotta get my pay.  My game so tight, So good, so good, yeah!  Mo B. Dick: Cocaine, he-roin, that fire ass weed  Values and boulders, just tell me what you need baby. Oh!  Cotton candy, candy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU w/ Big Ed  Album: Tru 2 Da Game  Song: Ghetto Thang  Typed by: OHHLA.com hit the block Lexus truck slangin ice cream  a million records sold , thats why yall know P  came up on hard times tryin to make ends  2 stones to my niggaz thats dead and in the pen  the ghetto wont change , they label me the dope man  I slang raps but the feds think its cocaine  tap my phone , these hoes wont leave me alone  nigga gon legit , so stay off the ding dong  independent , thats why they hate me  a million man ghetto march for Master P  so fuck rap pages ( dont know )  yall didnt want to see a nigga make it off the streets  thats why you'll never see P on MTV  top 40 , but niggaz yall know me  number 1 in every mom and pop and billboard record store  so fuck yall playa hatin hoes  gimme a pen , a pad , and ill make a hit  show every nigga in the ghetto how to get rich  cause yall dont know what go on behind closed doors  white folks pimp niggaz like hoes  but tru niggaz , say fuck that  you owe me money , its time to meet the chrome gat  I got the drank , finna tomorrow I take a piss test  and I know my probs. want me to go back  an ex-con addicted to gangsta rhymes  last year I caught a bullet but it wasnt mine  time to go nigga on dead row , or should I say im stuck in the ghetto  Chorus:  (2x) Just a ghetto thang , a ghetto thang , you would understand if you was  from the ghetto man  (1x)its a ghetto thang , a ghetto thang , these niggaz got me caught up in  this ghetto thang  Silk:  see I aint got no money up in my pocket  how the fuck ima stop it  ima get the glock and cock and plug you like a socket  see game get deeper but yall dont feel me  telling me to gets up out the game , get a job  I shouldnt rob a nigga , I might kill yah  see up on the block I rides deep on gold thangs  these niggaz be trippin up on my shit and they'll jack you like it aint no  thang  see im from the city where niggaz be salty and they stay faulty like wires  and I aint seen a gangsta retire yet  on a bet , threw my cothes up on the floor and I sweat  trust nobody cause these niggaz today will smoke you like a cigarette  now bet , rest in peace to all homies that didnt make it  took life for granted , an I panic while seeing niggaz with ski masks  we blast with ski masks and bust a cap into they weak ass  everyday struggle and I stay hustlin like a pan handler  fuck it if I took a chance to get dead like cancer  I betta not chance it  slik , just another nigga tryin to make it up out the ghetto  (Chorus)  Big Ed:  got a hold on me , jealous fools wanna roll on me  will I die or will god just let me be  fufill the prophecy reach my destiny avoid the burial plot  unlive the ones that got popped  I got a son but she says that it isnt mine  Im 24 and since birth ive served hard time  in this concrete jungle , a war zone , many of my peers die  finally made it back home  self preservation is a thing for me  duckin and dodgin bullets stone faces on the ones who pulled it  I promise my mama I wouldnt die before she did  I got my life right got my wife and then my kids  but everywhere I look I see sadness  imagine tryin to raise your babies in this worldwide madness  (chorus) 6x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: FEDz Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [C-Murder and (Silkk the Shocker) talking] Ha, ha what they say Mia (Drug dealers) Talkin' bout No Limit sellin' dope They got ki's all over the country CIA, Feds, tap our phone, harrassin' us (Fuckin' with us) Know what I'm sayin', but guess what... [Chorus: Mia X] If them feds only knew That you were the one sellin' all the dope What would they do If them feds only knew That you were the one holdin' all them ki's They would probably kick in your door They would probably arrest you and steal all your dope So you should be glad that they don't know Cause now you don't have to worry [C-Murder] I'm talkin' to them F-E-Ds, police harrassin' me, But let me tell ya partner, you ain't never cared for C I'm under surveillance and you done tapped my phone But I'm not Michael, why don't you leave me alone And stay away from my residence, lookin' for evidence You act like a brother tryin' to kill a fuckin' president Ya never find shit my game's tight like the Bulls Like a full tank of gas, my bank account's full Word on street, C-Murder sellin' ki's from overseas What you wanted, nigga please You plottin' on a playa like a money hungry bitch Mad cause a nigga went from rags to riches Slammin' Cadillac doors, it used to be a Regal Stop lookin' for drug money cause now my shit's legal If them feds only knew about my deals under the table If them feds could only see I got mo' clients than cable They'd probably kick, in my do' And put me face down on tha motherfuckin' flo' And take me to jail but I'm out the next day Cause niggas with lawyers and money, don't play D.A. tryin' to tie me to those underground casinos Want a connection to the Mafia in Reno Every step I take, every move I make Ya punk motherfucker be watchin', fuck y'all [Chorus: Mia X] If them feds only knew, About them thugs on the grind for you What would they do If them feds could only see How you be gettin' ki's from overseas They would probably kick, in your door They would probably arrest you and steal all ya dope So you should be glad that they don't know Cause now you don't have to worry [Master P] Unnnggghhhh, they call us drug dealers, what about the police Just the other day my lil' homie scored a quarter ki From the feds, tags got my phone tapped Niggas went to Florida, the homie got kidnapped Now the game is crazy, sometimes it's hectic, Make me wanna jump in the Benz and ride up to Texas And ball with the niggas in the country It's 1997, I'm tryin' to have hundreds Stacked higher than buildings, flip it into millions Roll into zillion, off ghetto children Plushed out Lexus, niggas playin' taxes, Mansion with a Ferrari but the game is still hectic Niggas bout to turn to snitches, money-hungry bitches The Dayton Family said FBI, we call em' robocop snitches Got me stressin' smokin' weed to keep my nerves calm And I'm livin' in this rap game like Al Capone [Chorus: Mia X] If them feds only knew That you got politicians on your payroll too What would they do If them fedz could only see That you got CPAs watchin' all your cheese They would probably kick in your door They would probably arrest you and steal all ya dope So you should be glad that they don't know Cause now you don't have to worry [Silkk the Shocker] Now what if the feds only know, seek out the Southside soldier Post up, sold more cola than Coca-Cola Now picture this, me ridin' in the drop-top Lex On the block with ya glock then I roll up with the tech See I leave em' twisted like a Twizzler My house have mo' stakeouts than Sizzler But they don't understand man, keep em' puzzled like the Riddler And first thang first, if worse came to worst Catch me in the Lexus, I use mo' rent-a-cars than Hertz They can't understand how they had but I still got away License plate out of state, in Jamaica the next day Ain't tell the camera, caught the scanner But I was ballin' in the manor Nigga what now, peace I'ma get away in Louisiana That's why I stay more untouchable than air y'all They had me tapped But that's why mobile phone get mo' time than airports To them ATFs and Feds Y'all understand I stay one step ahead If y'all only knew [Chorus: Mia X] They would probably kick, in your door, They would probably arrest you and steal all your dope So you should be glad, that they don't know Cause now you don't have to worry or do you If them Feds only knew...if them Feds only knew The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: What They Call Us? I swore (ya heard) that I'd never rap about another nigga on a record (that's what stayin tru 2 da game is all about) that I'd never borrow from another nigga, aha and I'd never work for the white man (never) some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be  TRU nigga some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz got more game than the average on the street I'm a savage trying to flip this motherfuckin cornbread into cabbage ain't got no time for no motherfuckin bustas my old lady want clustas I'm out here with hustlas flippin change into dollas got the money and the power got fiends walking up, beepin me every motherfucking hour but this Gotti, going through change got me sittin, thinking to myself I'm in this game and I'm twisted I'm having psycho thoughts peelin my motherfucking neck apart but that'd be some hoe shit I get down for my skrilla cause I'm a killa and if I kill my ownself ? hoe nigga real about my paper tryin to slip some vapor get some skrilla but these niggas wanta undertake you undercut you with these fiends try to serve your cream and when you ain't lookin try to hit you with that laser beam some nigga you was tru to punk motherfucker try to get me, he'll get you suckas don't live on these streets I'm from the ghetto grew up on eggs and luncheon meat and not niggas tellin me fuck the hogs when your best friend play you like a fucking dog but I don't trust nobody but my tru niggas I mean my brothas, I mean my real niggas Silkk, C-Murder, and Master P If it ain't blood nigga, it might be your enemy cause we try to teach niggas to be real but that's the same niggas that'll get you with that steal I mean I taught ya'll niggas that never in the game what ya'll done missin my ghetto heroes is dead and gone and well missin plus suckas, hatas, imitators, want be motherfucking regulators but ya'll cowards end a nigga, kill a nigga when he ain't lookin and nigga shoot a motherfucker when he ain't watchin now who stoppin ya'll suckas I swore to be a man, killa but ya'll niggas just don't understand that the ghetto is so wicked these hoes wanta kick it but these bitches addicted to money and paper lay you on the stretcher, like a bitch then rape ya Bill Clinton be the president but bitch I never voted I'm out here on the streets motherfucker, tryin to represent ya'll real niggas by staying independent (tru to the game) making money, staying true, and still in it some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz they call us killas and drug dealers what the fuck do they know want us to jump when they say jump just cause they done said so fuck that, I keep my hand on my chrome gat and if its on, let it be on if it's on, let it be on black cause see my whole world is evolved around rounding up a fucking tight hoe I'm like a time bomb I be cool one second, but you'll never know when I might explode shit, how you gonna look through my ???? with no gun only thing I have in this world are my balls and word and I'ma brake those for no one niggas want me to fail, some niggas want me to fall it's like me against the world my back up against the wall when money come, that's precisely, it's all coming see they don't respect the company cuase it's black if it was owned by peeps that was white, everybody be runnin see in order to survive, I stick to ghetto tactics I keep my ?, get tighter than rush hour traffic see ? wanna know what make Silkk's  mind tick, my mind click, at the sight of blood (why's that) cause ain't no love up in this bitch see niggas be trippin, I cooks my rocks but ya'll be on the outside lookin in that's why we killas some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz I beez a TRU nigga till I'm dead if I die, bury me but bitch I'm a four-five, I mean my 9 I'm on a ? to killing and drug dealing I'm under surveilance, they tapped my phone but they ain't feelin me cause if them fedz only knew  they'd probably to jail and lock me up with no bail this murderistick click that I hang with is sick and ready to hop into some gangsta shit who we be, we be some tru niggas with TRU across our stomach and countin legal drug money nationwide, but runnin this underground with KL, Mo B, Craig B, Beats by the Pound fuck with one, you fuck with us all you get kidnapped if you a ? leave your blood up on the wall No Limit be sick sick like the movie from New Orleans to California bring you bitch and sure I'm on her my record sales increase every week so fuck the police that keep stoppin me, jealous some say we dealers, some say we killers they didn't ask one thing we be some TRU niggaz some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz some say we dealers, they call us killas who we be TRU niggaz representin from New Orleans to Richmond, California to the midwest to the world nigga TRU nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P)  Album: TRU 2 Da Game  Song: Smokin Green  Typed by: OHHLA.com My nigga Big Bos gon hit this sweet  Kane and Abel (what's up) gon hit the muthafuckin sweet  (what's up Mo B?)  Skull Dugrey (KL) said pass that muthafucka right here (Craig B)  I'm a smoke some of this  for all my niggaz dat's dead and gone and ain't here  (time for us TRU niggaz to get ya'll niggaz high)  Smoke somethin (Silkk in this bitch, C-Murder)  for all them niggaz in the projects that's tryin to come up  (and you know me, Master P, pervin on that muthafuckin swisha sweet)  Mr Serv-On gon hit this sweet (swisha sweet)  Somebody done (that muthafuckin green chronic)  (nigga that's how we smoke it down here)  put Big Pokey on that muthafuckin... on that dank  (dank, doja) got him hooked on chronic  (we don't fuck with that brown weed) Big V said  (brown weed's for suckas, nigga) pass him the sweet  and then give it to Big Mann (and we serve cluckas)  (so it's time to jump in yo muthafuckin ride and get it smoked up)  Don't pass it, nigga, to Big Ed cause you know he'll mug you  (I want the windows to be foggy)  (and tell ya partna nigga, pass that muthafucka, go like this here)  Chorus: 1, 2, 3 niggaz blowin dank in my cadillac  4, 5 niggaz smokin weed in my cadillac  6, 7 niggaz blowin dank in my cadillac  8, 9 niggaz blowin weed in my cadillac  10, 11 niggaz gettin high in my cadillac  12, 13 niggaz won't fit in my cadillac  Gettin high in my cadillac  Niggaz smokin sweets in the cadilla  Uunngghh!  [Verse I]  TRU niggaz keep roaches in the ashtray (ashtray)  And smoke mo chronic than that nigga Diggity Dr. Dre  Ask Cube, cause today is a good day (good day)  And I been blowin that green all fuckin day  And these hoes on my nuts, cause I got that weed  Keep em 2 for 5, niggaz I got it 4 for 3  Holla at yo boy, if you wanna get high  I keep that green when I'm rollin in my dope ride  Lickin on that sweet, split it with your fingernail  Dump the tobacco out, pass the green dank that's real  Turn up the bass on the 18s  Roll up the window cause a nigga can't lose no swisha sweet  Smoke, and let my niggaz choke,  And if you can't handle that dank, get your ass out my car bro  We been smokin since '83,  '97 Silkk told ya'll hoes, none of ya'll bitches ride for free  [Verse II]  You got twenty let's go half on a 40,  Stop the Lac at Motel 6, it's time to get retarded  Bitch ask me for a shotgun, I'm bout that  20 minutes, that same ho on her back  Talkin bout, she high as a kigitty-kite  But we been fuckin and smokin dank all fuckin night  Made it home mama smellin on a nigga shirt  Say it smell like chronic, I mean that green dirt  Got a nigga fiendin, flippin to lunch  I mean you know that dank (oooowheeee!) have you with the munch  Damn nigga, but it's all good  After today I do that same shit, knock on wood  My red eyes need Visine, I got mine  If ya'll niggaz still smokin, fool press rewind  (rewind noises)  Chorus  Verse I  [Mo B. Dick]  Let's go half on a 40 sack  Roll up some swishas, (I told ya'll niggaz I was gon get ya'll high)  For some pull on that  Cause it's time to get high (Cause that's how TRU niggaz ride)  That's how TRU niggaz ride (No Limit Soldiers)  Repeat  Smokin weed, makes me feel fine  Lord I got the chronic on my mind (repeat)  [Master P]  Playaz get high, let's get smoked nigga, damn  one of ya'll niggaz gon pay  for my seats, ya'll done burned up my muthafuckin seats! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Silkk the Shocker, Master P, C-Murder, Mr. Serv-On)  Album: TRU 2 Da Game  Song: Gangstas Make The World  Typed by: OHHLA.com Master P: TRU niggaz stand...  Silkk (Master P echoing): Raise your right hand. Repeat after me. I pledge  allegiance, to the game of the United Streets of A-fucking-merica. And  not to be fucked with, for which it stands, one nation, under the  dope game, with liberty and money for all. Gangstas that is, gangstas  that is...  Chorus: Gangstas make the world go round, Gangstas make the world go round,  I know, I know  Gangstas...round, gangstas..round, you know, you know  Gangstas...round, gangstas...round, we know, we know  Gangstas...round, gangstas...round.  [Silkk]  Hah! I live and die, so I'm a die by the 9  Fuck the dumb shit, I run this, a whole life of crime  Ain't never had shit, but always had my pistol, bitch  187, don't make me whistle, bitch  I never know, for sho, picture this  Never die, bitch, never die, say a damn thang  Canes in the chains, became the dope thang  Snortin some cane will make you do some strange thangs  I don't know why I idolize gangstas like Tony Montana,  Lucky Luciano, probably cause they went out bangin  Gangstas like Machine Gun Kelly  Rest in peace 2Pac, AKA Makaveli  He run the chamber for danger, can't understand why these strangers  Wanna ride with us killas, but they can't fuck when we hang em  Gangstas like Kadofy, John fuckin Gotti  Ain't fuckin with these snitches cause they got em for his shotty  Gangstas  Chorus  [Master P]  Uuuunnnngggghhhh! Just a young nigga hangin with the thugs  From the ghetto so a nigga learned to slang drugs,  From OZs, to flip keys,  Eye blood red shot nigga smokin dank weed  And quick to slap a bitch in a minute  Fiends better have my money, I mean every penny  Youngsta, kickin with the hustlas  Fuck school, tryin to serve a clucka  And moms, wish she never had me  Cause I'm a nigga on the block slangin candy  Ready to die for this true shit  Takin penetentiary chances tryin to get rich  My role models Frank Nitti, Scarface, and John Gotti  Real gangstas, that's bout it, bout it  Chorus  [C-Murder]  Throw your muthafuckin guns up (TRU!)  Cause I represent Gangsta Day (uh-huh)  A g-a-n-g-s to the t-a  Ain't lookin for no shit but if shit comes (what's up, what's up)  Ready to turn your muthafuckin body numb  And fuck the pen, cause if I go to jail again  I pop a plea, and I'm free, in 5 to 10 (outee)  A nigga talk shit so I banged and I step  Another notch upon my rep (killa)  Like the last tape a nigga say fuck you hoes,  Now I'm turnin bustas, into John Does  I'm the nigga with TRU upon my back (C-Murder)  A gangsta that's strapped so you can't jack  Ain't nuthin but killas on my team, (soldiers)  And I'm hangin with the Shocker and the Ice Cream  Beware, my mental status is flawed, (crazy)  Start bangin and muthafuckas get lost,  You got drama with this muthafuckin TRU click? (uh-oh, uh-oh)  Big Worm, this nigga need his wig split  Take him to the river, cut his head off (cut it)  Target practice for my goddam sawed off  That's how we handle shit, in my town  Cause gangstas make the muthafuckin world go round  [Mr. Serv-On]  Round and round you go,  Now tell me who's the realest muthafucka that you know  Black Lucianio, hangin niggaz out the window  like a fat pig and ?Ferejano?  Winnin gun battles like Geronimo  Say hello to my new friend, Mr. MAC-10,  With the infrared grin, I can't pretend,  Who I be, the S-E-R-V aka Billy Badgate  Jack you for your safe, with guns in your daughters face  Catchin chase for my case for murder, you ain't never heard of a  Nigga, with nuts big like bison,  Unified, gangstafied champ like Tyson, world introducin  Young Billy Blast Em Up, I gives a fuck, all about my double up  Catchin bubble up, now I'm here to let you know  bitch you better give it up  Don't lay it down, I'll make your world go round  [Master P]  TRU niggaz make the world go round  gangstas make the world go round (repeat 2X)  Chorus and fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P)  Album: TRU 2 Da Game  Song: Swamp Nigga  Typed by: OHHLA.com P: Bitch, this P world here, bitch, ain't man except me.  I ain't comin for no coffee beans, straight up coke and weed, bitch  Here go the money. You got da coke?  Here go da money. You got the coke?  I ain't comin for no coffee beans, straight up coke and weed, bitch  Jumped in my cutlass, rollin on switches,  Gold they shinin down south dealin bitches  Niggaz out that swamp, should I say New Orleans?  Richmond, California, imported me some dank weed  Rollin on blunts, niggaz call it swisher sweets  I got birds 16-5, a muthafuckin key  Fool, when ya hit me, it's 18-5  I gotta tax em 2 G's just for takin a ride  Cause niggaz down south, niggaz ain't playin  Niggaz talk shit, muthafuckas be layin  Down on the ground, just like 8-ball,  Hit you wit yo nuts and yo G's up the ?bear wall?  Put you behind a pinto in the block,  Niggaz slangin keys (gunshots) cause somebody got shot  Call the cops, killas I'm a deala  Mr. Ice Cream Man, yo neighborhood drug deala  Nigga dat's bout it, down south we rowdy  From Atlanta to Texas, niggaz won't ya'll read about  Swamp Niggaz comin up, blowin like killa  Ya'll ain't ready but I ain't Mystikal, I'm a deala  Niggaz slangin cane, cocoa leaves up the brain  But it's a muthafuckin Third Ward, I mean a Swamp Thing  Chorus: Swamp Nigga (uuuunnngggghhhh), Swamp Nigga (8X)  Hey, in the middle of the muthafuckin south,  Niggaz got gold in they muthafuckin mouth  On my way to Chicago, to pick up me a stolger  I ain't even trippin off this shit cause I'm a rolla  Nigga ridin dirty, just like U.G.K.  4 tech 9s, and a muthafuckin AK  Niggaz ain't playin, down south bitch we bout it,  I told ya'll niggaz in 96, damn, don't ya'll doubt it  But niggaz play the, try to play us like some bitches  Niggaz done snuck up on you hoes and snatched some riches  From labels like No Limit to Suave to Rap-a-Lot  Independent, black-owned, bitch, and we can't be stopped  Breakin bread--with the muthafuckin ballas  Niggaz check billboards, yeah, and we shot callas  Now ya'll niggaz mad, cause a nigga famous,  I think the president put a price on my anus  America's nightmare, but I'm not Cube  I represent the muthafuckin red and the blue,  ?Shoes? I mean, the bangas, the killas, the gangstas  But nigga i'm a Swamp, professional ghetto, rap slanga  Chorus  Niggaz in Texas, sippin on surl  Niggaz sippin bort, niggaz on that furl  Niggaz in FLorida, sellin dat water  Niggaz in Baton Rouge pushin dem quarters  All the way to Shreveport to muthafuckin Mississippi  Oklahoma, back to Kansas City  5th wheel grill, niggaz comin down  Fools gettin killed if they from outta town  6 15s in the candy painted cadillac  Bumpin "Break Em Off" (don't make me break you off somethin)  Rollin tips like a maniac  Playa from the south (playaz from the south ??? Gs)  that muthafuckin G  I got Beats by the Pound, just like quarter keys  KLC put it on the scale so ya'll can feel dis  Mo B. D put it on the back so ya'll can peel dis  Craig B whipped it up with some B 12s  I slung it on the street to make the muthafucka sell  Too $hort said fools, get in where ya fit in  That's why I'm a Swamp Nigga out there tryin to pay the rent  Chorus  P: Swamp Nigga, ha, ha. We sho from muthafuckin swamp.  It ain't a East or West Coast thing, nigga.  It's a swamp thing. Ha, Ha.  Tru 2 da muthafuckin game, to the south, midwest, west coast,  And all cross the muthafuckin world, Swamp Niggaz,  On the muthafuckin rise. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRU 2 Da Game Song: Ghetto Cheese Intro:(Master P) Ha hah Master P Silkk in this bitch This is how we be doing in the hood like Gs(In the hood, nigga) The fiends be marchin through my hood (Hoorah, Hoorah) The fiends be marchin through my hood It's nineteen ninety scrilla bitch, I'm up to no good And we all gone break some bread (Ghetto Cheeze) By selling the motherfuckin lemonade Chorus:(Master P,Silkk Da Shocker) Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage  Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage Verse 1: (Master P, Silkk Da Shocker) Change the date on your rolex if you a timer Versache and Louis, nigga that's my designer Stone age slangin, space age hustlin Sendin fiends to da moon, me and Silkk just ghetto hustlin Ya'll oughta know, ya'll must be off some dumb shit Cuz me and P run this, 12:00 count up hundreds In a clock crack house, nigga, back out the back route I stacks trip til I trip, pop the clip when I smash out Puttin in work for some pamper money Sellin fiends them gummies, mouths full of fifties and hundreds But ain't stoppin til I fall on my knees And be up the next day wit ghetto cheeze Servin fiends dem double-ups and bubble ups And meet me at the front of the block, nigga to get some bubble up Chorus: (Master P) Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage Pullin all nighters, I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift Verse 2: (Silkk Da Shocker) I flip D like a light switch Games short like a spike, bitch You ain't got my money I might go, Everybody go tonight bitch I gotta be cold like a snake cuz nigga these days I playa hate But I keeps that nine by my waistline Everybody quick to dump a million like pimp me from the bassline Fuck I ain't askin fo shit I'm gonna make mine, I gots to take mine And have OZs like the wizard Cut keys like some scissors Cold like a blizzard Slimy like a lizard Cause fuck it, Ima dump em And then I'm a stump ya Ya fucks around wit my money and now your runnin But I be dumpin, nigga, frontin fo my yayo For sale ?? time fo my ghetto cheeze Nigga, I'm bout my mail Chorus: (Master P) Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage  Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck makin minimum wage I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift Verse 3: (Master P) Takin penitentary chances but fuck the warden "Nigga, yo son need a new pair of Jordans" You see the shit a hustler go through " Oh yeah, pick me up a DKNY purse boo" The ghetto pharmacist I'm on the grind Open like 7-11, 24-7 Times Makin Scrilla, Scratch, tack, and paper 36 OZs into 1 key fo paper "Would you kill for me" If that was my dope they took from you "Now would you steal for me" If a nigga try to steal from you  I be bout whateva We be da Bonnie and Clyde done came up togetha You be draped in gold, I be ridin a Roles You be in a BMW, That's how we roll Side by side, Hoo-ride Down fo whateva, Did it from the south side Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck minimum wage  Everyday, all day hustlin to get paid Tryin to get some ghetto cheeze, Fuck minimum wage I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift I got the day shift (Silkk) I got the night shift Outro: (Master P) Ha hah, pullin all nighters nigga It ain't no motherfuckin limit to this hustlin we be doin Hu Nigga be hustlin 24-7, 365 in a motherfuckin year Ha Mothafuckers, Fiends They be doin shit like this The fiends be marchin through my hood (Hoorah, Hoorah) The fiends be marchin through my hood But niggas like me and Silkk up to no good Huh, Slangin stones to dem bitches Space age hustlin huhhuh The fiends be marchin through my hood (Hoorah, Hoorah) The fiends be marchin through my hood Huh I be makin this ghetto cheeze, huhhuhhuh Out of motherfuckin green wood Recognize, Playas fo life All about the cabbage and cornbread Turnin fifteens into a diz-olla That's ghetto cheeze nigga Artist: TRU (Master P, C-Murder, Silkk) Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: Heaven 4 A Gangsta (TRU Remix) Typed by: Bigmo2mill@aol.com Is there a heaven for a gangsta gangsta gangsta ughh 2x Is there a heaven for a gangsta [Master P] Grew up in the ghetto raised by a killa  TRU across my stomach  your neighborhood thug nigga  Trying to make it out this fucked up environment  Where niggaz die trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents  The ghetto got me crazy  I smell daisies  But I can't die tonight my old lady pregnant with a baby  2Pac said is there a heaven for a g  But I wonder if there's a resting place for killas and gangstas like me  Been fucked up for most my life  done sold my soul to the devil  I hope I die in my sleep I know its gonna be a 187  Ain't no turning back I'm strapped with 2 crome gacks  I See death around the corner  My time to go I'm ready black  Cause I'm a soldier gone off that douja  Aint no crying at my funeral I lived life to the fullest a high roller  So when I die put me in a pine box  Bury me like a g 2 glocks and a fucking bag of rocks  And open up clouds for a stranger  Before you take me Lord tell me  [Silkk] Just a young nigga addicted to fast cars fast money and fast bitches  Git me blasting til its the mothafucking last nigga  Its gone be hard trying to get to heaven cause my life is mostly marred  All I see is 2 levels and 187 sell a nigga ??  So living gangstafied and gang banging  You know just imaging niggaz be acting bad up there if they had a heaven for a gangsta  Block parties all days til we get tired, free sex like the sixties  Nigga drinking up on some forties, nigga pumping up on some swishies  Dice game every hour  For the gangstas money and power  Rewards for niggaz that's bout it  Extra time for busters and cowards  Cause every nigga on the block I know will be living in mansions and riding old school  If I was born to be the fucking president everythin I ride would be on some gold shoes  Is there a heaven for a gangsta I can't wait  Even have some bitches crying trying to get into the gate  [C-Murder] Is there a heaven for a mothafucking gangsta ass nigga like me ( I doubt it)  Cause niggaz like me down south (New Orleans) stay bout it  Swamp niggaz,  TRU Soldiers  fill your head with lead  I ain't scared to die I'll smoke your ass like douja  Retaliation is a must so I bust  Your ass be on the run I can't keep bullets up in my fucking gun  They ask me why am I so sick,  its because of my click  Full of murders and robbers, rehabilitated convicts  Rest in peace to all my fucking dead niggaz that took the stand  Lord forgive me but I know I'm going to hell man  I walk the streets with my converse, khakies and my chrome gack  Pockets full of drug money and crack, heroin  Will I ever see the man upstairs I know my chances are slim  Cause God don't want no killas standing next to him  So I'm a hustle and sell my D (dopeman) But I wonder is there a heaven for a gangsta nigga like me  [Chorus x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru  Album: Tru 2 Da Game  Song: Tru 2 Da Game  Typed by: OHHLA.com Haaa, uuuuggggghhhh  this is for all the G's ou there  we bout it, bout it  and g-ettes, i ain't forget about y'all, uuuugggghhhh  gold look like this here  today I have a half an ounce  tomorrow I'll have a key  and if you tryin' to get some ice cream  won't you call me, or won't you beep me  Looked out the window  it must be the giggidy first of the month  cause everybody in the ghetto is smilin' and dressed up  Little kids havin' fun in my neighborhood  And fiends walkin' up, talkin' bout its all good  See I'm a G, ????? I got that 2 for 3  And y'all a know that I slang, that I-C-E  And everybody in the ghetto use nicknames  Like V-90, Master P, Boz, and Big Man  My little homies posted up  some hang, hang, and some slangin'  Others gang bangin'  I'm tryin' to make it out the hood with this gangsta rap  And stay TRU to the game, and put the town on the map  But haters hate me and niggas try to talk shit  Cause I done made, a dollar out of 15 cents  On the curb, posted up with them bouldas  And servin' fiends, A-1 yola  And still tryin' stay true with my frist meal  Cause in the ghetto, you got money, you might get killed  And stayin' TRU to the game, is a part of life  And if you don't player, you might lose your life  -chorus-  Tru 2 da game, Tru 2 da game  Ain't nothin' changed but my bank account  I'm still the same  [Silkk the Shocker]  Tryin' to have things major, they can't fade me  cash the chips like casino  Today I'm a keep it real, and chill, and get blitzed like Marino  My girl be fussin', she be tussin', constantly buggin'  Askin' me why I be hustlin'  I got money to make, so motherfuck it  I'm a keep it real, if it kills me  Y'all gonna feel me before I'm done  Ball till I have it all, I want the whole while  if not, I don't want none  Why I hang with the same ol' niggas  That's what they ask me  I be like, I'm the same ol' nigga  But 'stead, right now, I gets my sacks free  I gots to stay TRU fool, about my motherfuckin' mail  I'll be a rich ass nigga, y'all gonna be visitin' me in the jail  I gots to ball, can't fall, gotta have things major  If you don't believe me, next year round this time  its Silkk up on his pager (then ask me)  -chorus-  [Big Ed]  Bustas can't see me, they blind  I claim TRU, I thought you knew  My foes catch elbows, cause I'm on em like a tattoo  Man I'm layin' low like the eyes of a danked out china man  Stayin' gangstafied  While I'm tryin' to make a million  But politicians run for office  They rather me bust a cap in a rat, cause they both gonna try and stop this  Gangsta rap is what they call it  But I gots to come with the realness  So all my folks can feel this  -chorus-  [Mr. Serv-On]  Now I lay me down to sleep  I pray the Lord that my momma will never weep  and let her live in peace and stop spendin' a hundred G's up in her sleep  When will it stop  I guess when they leave me lyin' on the block  With tears on my glock  A pocket full of lemon drops, laughin' at crooked cops  I guess I'm doin' what I gotta do  As long as I stay TRU, until they put me through  I know its a shame, things'll never change  I hope I live long enough to see my daughter spell my name  I'm TRU 2 Da Game  -chorus-  [Master P]  still the same  Master P, the whole TRU click (y'all gonna feel this)  TRU to the gizame (tru to da hood)  money can't change you, it just can make you  (never forget where i came from)  No Limit Records, Down South Hustlers (independent black owned)  and the West Coast Bad Boyz  and I told y'all, I can drop something anytime I want to  Y'all done realized by now, the haters done fell off  Cause they ain't TRU 2 da game  I could never forget where I came from  I'm from the ghetto  But I won't ever change  Cause I'm TRU 2 da game, believe that  Keepin' it real, keepin' it real  Never sell out, can never sell out  TRU 2 Da Gizame The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru Album: Tru 2 Da Game  Song: Freak Hoes  Typed by: OHHLA.com Hey check this out miss thang or should I say bitch do you like to shake  your ass in the club do you a motherfucker  Freak hoes,freak hoes let your motherfucking knees touch your elbows  freak hoes,freak hoes let your motherfucking kness touch your elbows  freak hoes,freak hoes bounces your ass and let your knees touch your  elbows  freak hoes,freak hoes bounce your ass and let your knees touch your  elbows  Verse One: Master P  One time chaesd me they couldn't take we my baby momma 2 kids couldn't  braek me so I weat to the club and met Nena have you seen her she look like Lena Horn with the big butt gotta go on but got more kids than  Children of the Korn thats why I couldn't fuck with her even though I  knew she was a gold diggin bitch out the projects livin for the county  check but got the killa pussy thats why a nigga say watch that hoe watch  that bitch silly rabbit the tricks on you bitch cuz TRU niggaz stay TRU  to the gizame get the koochie and don't know the yo nizame and leave a  bitch stuck with dick on her breath dope in the house and one way out.  Chorus: repeat 3X  Freak hoes,freak hoes bounce your ass and let your knees touch your elbows  Verse Two: Silkk the Shocker  Now once a trick always a trick they wanna know why I talked like this  supposed to be and you you fucked my whole crew and thats why I called  you a bitch,now um I shake these hoes like dice keep'en in check like  knight now when I fuck trun on the lights when they go left and Igo  right I can't deny I treat'em and like women but bitches like hoes man  I climb them hoes like (something) I ride them hoes like brand new  vogues on for sure atfer show,hit'em and split'em and duck'em fuck'em I  hit'em and put'em back in my brand new cutless but aint no thang while  she talkin shit upout this bitch I told ya all no hoes can ride for free  so get up out my shit.  Chorus  Verse Three: Mia X  All you niggaz talkin bout bounce that ass this aint no free show we  want the motherfuckin cash hoe fuck your weed don't want no drank don't  even thick that you can't fuck me you got enough to even touch me I seen yo stuntin in Benz but them broads know its for your motherfuckin  friends wanna be balla nigga your ho you clain playa still gettin  fronted dope callin us freaks,but your the freaky one tounge lickin on  my pearl like a stick to a snare drum until I cum all in ya fuckin face  floss ya teeth with my pussy hairs,and than I'm outta there I cares a  fuck bout how you feel but I will slip a mickey in yo drank getcha  getcha out your dope and your bank leave ya stank my cuz I aint the hoe  to shake my ass at the club for you negros I can't stand a motherfucka  talkin shit when he knows he gets spung when the pussy lips drip that  lil dick yea you call me bitch but I wander why you still try to sweat  me trick impress me trick now aint that a trip you niggaz try to flip  the script but still aint sayin shit you niggaz call your selves pimps  and try to spit the game but your to lame for aTRU bitch.  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: TRU?'s Typed by: toddler02@hotmail.com (Reporter) we're sittin here with C-Murder (C-Murder) whasup (Reporter) how are you doing? (C-Murder) alright (Reporter) so C tell me, how was your life as a youngster ruthless, as a child, a juvenile ran with TRU, slanged in the meanwhile packin, specialize in jackin liquor store, dope dealers, brothas and others open shop, it's all about a come up I'm in a crackhouse waitin on the bubble up because I'm a gangsta sellin dope strapped with a gat when I role through the Calliope bad ass, I never listened to my brother it went in one ear and out the fuckin other pushin rocks on the block watch the undercover fuck a dick suckin bitch, yo I ain't no lover I'm a killa, dope dealer, looking for some dollars at 13 I bought a quarter key of powder rollin with my fingas on the trigga brother don't ya know you can't touch this nigga a thug, convict, psycho, a criminal do you stay open, ganked for your yayo big and bad, no respect for the taz ([Reporter] C-Murder did you ever go to jail) hell yea, just servin niggas heroin runnin from the taz, hidin out by the sewers I'm a TRU nigga (fuck em) puttin in work I wear some baggy ass jabros and a motherfuckin saints shirt slappin all the fiends gettin on my nerves they get beat, ganked, broke and served (fuck em) so you know who I am ho a No Limit Soldier from the motherfuckin Calliope ([Reporter] hmm, I see, So you're very violent) always ([Reporter] okay, what would be the situation when you so call rob someone) waitin, for the witness to leave I'm bout to do some shit you wont believe creep like a G to the back of the house look in all the lights were out grabbed the door and it was locked G but fuck that shit, a nigga got a spare key stuck it in slowly, so he wouldnt wake up infared, ready to blow the place up once inside no time for shakin lookin for the nigga and the dope I be taking get what you gonna get, nigga and ride or get 25 for a mothafuckin homicide move quickly but no stuntin ssssshhhh, I hear a motherfucka coming lights came on, So I shot (Bang)(Bang) out the door with the dope that I got over the wall, don't fall check my dope cause this was a close call getting robbed by the C is a lesson so, is there any more questions ([Reporter] yes, as a matter of fact there is, have you ever been involved in like a murder or homicide) you mean a 1-8-7 (yea) there da nigga house goes, but don't pernt cut the lights out so I can case the jerk two niggas on the couch smoking and a hoe I think Master P was on the muthafuckin radio niggas wanna fight when I was chillin in the 9th ward he shoulda known killin niggaz makes my dick hard (are you sick) yea, and I'm cunnin told young Silkk to leave the car runnin walked in, said bitch lay it down I'm not 8-ball, but them niggaz got clowned hurry up mothafucka (I'll kill ya) don't lag I wancha dope, jewelry, and all your fuckin cash foo got brave and went for a sawed off so I shot em all, took their mothafuckin heads off I'm TRU (No Limit) and I'll serve ya down in New Orleans it's just another murda back in the L-zone, Silkk drive on threw the gun in the river and hauled on I'm not like Robin Hood, cause I want more, rob from the rich, sell dope to the poor No Limit is bout it you see, nobody better than me I give a shout out to my nigga Eazy-E (is all that real) I don't lie, rest in peace Eazy see you on the otherside (ya heard me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ C-Loc Album: TRU 2 Da Game Song: 1nce Upon a Time Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com [Silkk The Shocker] Once apon a time in a crack house (a crack house) a nigga was chopping up a key (a key) It was drought season (season) And everybody was fiending (fiending) So they had to come and buy their dope from me It all started back in the crack house  When I was counting up some dope and some mail Now beaucoup pagers for sale  But I ain't have no more fucking yail I had to get me some more But all the dope is stupid move kinda slow Black Adam we gonna go bust down in Texas You know that's where I get my dope at Taz was sweating kinda harder So I took that plane ride to Georgia But just remember that I was sitting on that thang  And that half that I got down in Florida I had a bird but I chopped it up and I put it down to rocks (rocks) That's when I make my come up, I hit my fucking block Fiends was constant fucking sweating, now get out da door I chop dimes to nickels, fuckers wanna see me chop some more 10's grow to 20's, 20's grow to 50's We need some yale, holla at your nigga Or just come and get me [C-Loc] Dear God can you hear me My love for money's gonna kill me Ya got me selling crack to the children  And its a shame cuz I love how I'm living Peekin out the window, tryin to cope with a run of that indo Parinoid as the fuck while I'm breaking down this kilo Like some money to be made, ain't had dope in four days  As the fiends knock I keep off the block till Mr. gets paid Selling phat packs, when I first react it's like dat Pay man in flat Throwing this block of dope trying to make my money back Front you something bitch, front me some dollars But if you ain't got no G's, shit nigga I can't hollar Cause way down in the Bayou swamps When niggas quick to get with some funk This hard as the fucker come up So the last thang I need is a begging motherfucker Stay strapped up, whenever if you will get tapped up The dope gang, fuck I live for it, nigga quick to kill for it Made 10 G's today, bout to get up and outie (Loc, why don't you let your bro hold ten dollars) Shit I ain't got it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU {Master P, Silkk} f/ Kane and Abel Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: Pop Goes My Nine Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com Chorus x2 (Silkk & Mo B Dick) Pop, pop, pop, pop goes my nine (TRU niggas ride dirty an stay strapped) Every time I think about the times you did me wrong (Pop goes the nine) Verse 1 (Silkk) See me an my click we be hoppin outta Range Rover everyday Taz test,sober Fightin fellon convictions, barely missin Angola On the run, it's hell fresh outta jail That's no life, carry me a nine, cops chase away the 4-5 My girl ask me why I carry the nine, with the clip in I said niggas blast me if they catch a nigga slippin Yall trippin yall gave my hommie 25 with a "L" but the nigga that killed my cousin, yall let that nigga out on bail So I say, fuck this and I hit the corner on the streets keep my nine up on the seat and hold my nine like a G Cuz I'ma hustle 'til I fall I'ma have it all ball fuck them niggas I have nine up in my draws No time to pause, as I smash off in the dust like what keep my nine, cuz its the only thing I can trust An every since Ice Cube said, it's really been a trip I'd rather be judged by 12 than be carried by 6. That's why its... Chorus x2 Verse 2 (Master P) Picture me rollin, rest in peace Pac I'm ridin in my 500 S-E-L strapped with my plastic glock Me an my bitch, we be hella tight Fit in the palm of my hand but I ain' t trustin a nigga tonight I ain't walkin out the door unless I got my bitch my American Express, nigga, this will be it seven-teen kids to tag along Hollow tips, black jack, call me Al Capone But I'm dirty like Harry I keep a 9 Millimeter cuz I ain't gettin buried My glock be special like Ed all yall nigga ain't strapped might end up in the body-bag... Chorus x2 Verse 3 (Kane & Abel) Pop, pop, goes the ruger out the Lexus LandCruiser Best of slow ya roll hoe 'fore I put some holes through ya Boo-Yah, my fifty Calliber got niggas runnin back to Africa Bitch banged up my passport so I'm swervin in my Acura Grabbin on my dick smokin the shit momma kicked me out the house I smack that bitch Now I'm skandelous and rich Mia-X said we got it tweekin them niggas tweekin No Limit got some gangsta shit for the Mexicans and Puerto Ricans New York to L.A., Miami to Atlanta black talons from my nine got them dancing the Macerea Little kids in my hood slang dope an talk shit by some violence, brah pass the silencer, pop that bitch... I'm in my Navy Blue Beamer suckin on weed Holdin the streets as we brain off that vodka we're still in the nigga chopper Gun slangin with pussy juice on my trigger finger its Kane an Abel, now who da bitch-made nigga banger... [Chorus x 2] [Master P] Check it out playa Nigga gotta protect ya motha-fuckin self fa the 9-skrilla Nigga ya need to grab ya motha-fuckin nine 'fore ya grab ya shoes Cuz nigga only got 1 life to lose an a nigga gotta protect his own, playa Nigga, live eye 4 an eye that's how TRU Niggas live An if yall real bout the situation nigga, trust no mutha-fuckin body  Let cha mutha-fuckin gun be ya friend, nigga Cuz ya enemy might be right next to you.Huh, remember that playa... Pop-Pop goes the nine, nigga But TRU Niggas ride dirty an stay strapped An we Bout It [Chorus Fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mia-X Album: TRU 2 Da Game (Disc Two) Song: It's My Time Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com [Silkk] Yo, what's up nigga, this Silkk the motherfuckin' Shocker I got my girl Mia-X in this bitch Unladylike, pimpstress, macstress, mobbstress, No Limit Soldier Y'all ain't ready, get motherfuckin' ready, and hit 'em up Mia [Mia X] Open it up, make way for a bitch that's down Stand aground and move dope by the ki's, bundles, and pounds Crown niggas in the way of progress Mobbstress with intelect above the rest Of the nanny goes wanna be sex symbols Nuckle head hoes sexin' like nymphos with nothin' to show I ain't that hoe to get fucked and forgot But I'm the hoe that plots, on ya dope spot, the top notch, Biggest momma of them all Hoes be claimin' killa , drug dealer , I come to fade you all Cause I'm that mommy on a mission, with intermission For shopping sprees and Kamen Island breezes Read, Forbes magazine, with money launderin' schemes Gon' show the others, the first ghetto bitch on the cover Brothers respect me like Sheba, they label me the, street diva Mama Mia skilled with the heater My dumb hoe beaters, my right and left Got them gum poppin', neck twistin', chicken heads in check Cause when I wreck it's like an 18 wheeler to yo Pinto So you don't wanna feel my connect hoes Go call yo people, well that's gon' make it worse(fo' sure) Cause I gots mo' backup than reverse, I come to hurt This fucking Rap industry with my street terminology Runnin' motherfuckers from my lyrical ruckus Strictly fo' the ghetto bitches Representing every hood, every ward, every set, every project Miss X or Sarah Lee in my rhymes The biggest momma, I'm here to cease yo shit like a stop sign It's my time [Master P] Ughh, it's Mia-X time fool I tried to told ya New album featuring Master P, Silkk the Shocker,  Kane & Abel, the whole TRU click Unlady Like, got ghetto bitches, And niggas fiendin', all across the motherfuckin' world Heh, check it out, got niggas fiendin' Y'all ain't gotta be fiendin' no more Gangsta bitch, this shit about to drop real soon Finally got somebody to represent Mia-X, Unlady Like, realest female you ever heard Produced by the Beats by the Pound, the realest label you ever heard Y'all know we make nothin' but platinium sounds Smoke doshia for y'all niggas to smoke in the 9 skrilla We gon' break pieces 9.95 to 16.95 We gon' make it so you get your money's worth Unlady Like, the new album Cause Mia-X, Unlady Like, the hardest shit you ever heard Light it up nigga, huh it's 'bout to drop, real soon And all y'all fake hoes step off And get ready for the realest bitch you ever heard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru (C-Murder) Album: Tru 2 Da Game Song: Torcher Chamber Monster: Welcome to our house, the only one on the block with its very 	 own Torcher Chamber.... [C-Murder] I ain't scared to die so welcome to my muthafuckin torcher chamber disrespect my crew, bitch you in danger C-Murder who I be, TRU is my click My minds on killin but in the process T'm gettin rich ain't got no time for no niggaz that be stuntin cause my mind gone I'm workin with a little bit of nothin niggaz wanna know,"Why they call you C-Murder?" cause I don did more shit the average nigga never heard of since I lost my brother I'm always ready to shoot up they say I went crazy ever since I tooed up they say I went to jail I got that TRU up on my stomach on my back and my arm, cause niggaz ain't funny cause I'm No Limit for life A motherfuckin soldier this will be your last dance I tried I told ya flippin quarters to ones and ounces to quarter keys [cause niggaz from the south stack G's] 1-8-7 always on my mind, to you playa haters fuck y'all, No Limit ain't hard to find like I said before, you fools can't get me a lot of niggaz scared to stand in the same room wit me so don't fuck wit me unless you trying your fuckin wig split C-Murder don't take no bullshit Chorus: I ain't scared to die  	 so welcome to my chamber 	 kill em all [Boom] 	 your life is in danger 	 (4x) [C-Murder] They label me an outkast so an outkast what the fuck I be specialize in homicides and slangin "D" cause every muthafucking thing I do, is drug related nigga what you ain't got my money I sure hate it Be get that tey It's time to pull a hard card I'm like the devil, shootin niggaz make my dick hard ridin on his set I'ma catch him slippin C-Murder like to see a nigga blood drippin man make the money but money don't make the man Rest in peace nigga this will be your last dance cause fuckin wit my crew, is like pissin on my set, I man don't whoop ass, the poke gon break your neck, and if that don't stop ya Serv gon rock ya "P" gon pop ya and silkk gon shock ya cause once nigga, always a nigga don't get no harder than me cause when I kill ya, they won't find ya so bitch don't fuck wit "C" nigga break yourself you heard what I said two attempts on my life muthafuckas want me dead but I ain't paranoid cause I can't be stopped sittin on half a key and I'm still slangin rocks cause I'm from the projects,where murder rates rise but I'm still gettin paid cause I ain't scared to die, slangin 24-7 my life is in danger welcome to the torcher chamber Chorus: (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: TRU 2 Da Game Song: They Can't Stop Us! Typed by: getdigital@hotmail.com [Master P] What's up niggas? I told y'all it's about to be on, nigga We drop shit anytime we want to huh Feel this nigga It's real {*explosion*} [Verse 1: Master P] Flippin' the the game Niggas that got that 'cane Murder Mr. Dopeman still in this rap game It's 1997, my niggas gone to heaven Rest in peace 2Pac from Master P, doin 211's 187 Khadafi, murder Puttin' niggas in six foot motherfuckin' gurters If you fuck with this TRU clique Nigga you gettin' your wig spilt Who run this gangster rap? (No Limit runnin' this!)It's 'bout to be it 187 Khadafi Jumpin' on ghetto dope with these gangster topics Still makin scrilla Your neighborhood drug dealer Ice cream slaingin' Tattooed up real nigga In the rap game pushin' quarters Flippin' the water, from Texas to Florida Choppin' game to the knuckleheads And spittin voodoo on the motherfuckin' chickenheads Down south hustlin', to the west coast Got nigga choppin' game, I mean this rap shit in to dope Puttin' them in packages, independent spittin' shit Standing on stages with bulletproof vestes, lookin' for other cliques But who gon' be the next nigga to die in this rap game or drop a hit on the wrong man? 'Cause they talkin' shit about other niggas Now it's a war zone, in this rap game (Chorus) But they can't stop us TRU niggas They can't stop us TRU niggas They can't stop us TRU niggas They can't stop us TRU niggas [Verse 2: Master P] 'Cause if y'all kill one, they'll be a million other niggas in line With ghetto dope, bustin' ghetto rhymes y'all Running from the one time not mines Posted up, hostin' up like SOLDIERS! Down south huster, throwin' bolders Ready to block like a football player Got these 17 rounds FOR Y'ALL HATERS So jump on this ghetto shit and come get this wicked shit And jump up on this rap game and watch a nigga spit Killer, murder topics Put my goals if y'all think y'all can stop it Hardcore bangin', hangin' slangin' Nigga down for whatever that's why we bangin' on wax into traps Got Beats by the Pound like niggas slaingin' sacks In the 'hood, up to no good Got niggas bout it, from Baton Rouge to St. Louis to Cincinnati Got niggas lined up in Atlanta like addicts Gotta have this gangster shit This real shit From this motherfuckin' TRU clique Ain't givin' up, living raw And if we die, FUCK IT, sell my 'dro To the next gangster nigga Rest in peace Eazy-E., but I'm out here makin' SCRILLA! So fuck y'all white laws And y'all motherfuckin'.....POLICE CARS!! Comin' through with gangsters and killers LONG like the motherfuckin' drug dealer '97 to 2000 A.D. little kids wanna be me 'Cause I'm bout it, I'm rowdy The government and the press, them motherfuckers want me outtie For runnin' my own shit Niggas sellin' their company like the slaves sold their souls to 30 cents Break bread Don't you know 15 percent of what you made? You a sucker, a clucker So stop rappin hardcore, you hip-hop motherfuckers And stay true to the gizzame Be about your paper, nigga fuck the fizzame Third ward nigga, runnin' the hill It ain't no limit to this gangster shit, blunt smokes and keepin' it real Y'all can't stop us TRU niggas Y'all can't stop us TRU niggas Y'all can't stop us TRU niggas 'Cause if y'all kill one, they'll be a millon more TRU niggas [Verse 3: Silkk The Shocker] Bitch it be Silkk choppin' and kickin' shit like karate Fast like a Maserati, crime boss like John Gotti Look into their face, niggas afraid of me Look deeper into their eyes, they scared, yeah y'all busters scared of me Cause I flow like water, run shit like Ki-jana Carter Tell 'em I'ma be there, watch more tourists show up, than the French Quarters Down for whatever Bow down nigga never Buck like a Beretta Wet you up like bad weather Got fangs like a cobra Now I got Range like a rover You don't fuck with us whether you fucked up like a hangover From the city where busters lie From the city where suckers die Make way for P and Silkk, two of the baddest motherfuckers alive Bitch it's your time BITCH I want the whole nine Bust one line, and make niggas change their whole rhyme I'm the Shocker Yeah, I got them It's TRU motherfuckers, and y'all can't stop us And it's on {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru (C-Murder, Silkk, Master P)  Album: Tru 2 Da Game  Song: The Lord Is Testin' Me  Typed by: OHHLA.com I think the lord is testin' me  Whatzup y'all, hello world, this C-Murder  I'm bout to put you in the mind of a crazy  fucked up in the head muthafucka (this nigga sick)  You know what I'm sayin?  One of the muthafuckas you see in the  news everyday, for doin' all types of crazy shit  Chorus: Master P  Sometimes, I think the lord is testin me  But I'm a TRU nigga  I can't let none of these niggaz  and bitches get the best of me  (repeat 4X)  [C-Murder]  Muthafuckas just don't understand the shit that I be goin' through  I wanna kill myself, but I know, I gots to stay TRU  Be gettin' my fuckin' hustle on, and stack my fuckin' dividends  Cuz if I ain't got no money and I'm broke, fuck friends  I feel like, I'm paralyzed cuz my own baby, won't hug me  My momma, won't let me in the house cuz she talkin' bout  she scared of me  The only reason I sell drugs is survive  The only reason I kill, is to stay alive  I'm constantly watchin' my back cuz playa haters act like hoes  But they don't wanna fuck with me cuz i turn bustas into John Does  I'm not a role model so keep your kids up out my face  Talkin' bout, I'm sellin' drugs ain't doin' nothin  but killin', my own race  Police can't catch me, betta kill me, ain't gon' let 'em arrest me  They don't, understand I draw my nine faster than Jesse  I've been know to have a temper, and I click quick, like this  Befo' I was crazy, but now I'm strapped and I'm sick  187 killin' murder's a hobby  Thank God, this be the charge, six counts armed robbery  Back in the free world same shit, (ain't gon' change)  Call V, say he got weed, but fuck, I need clothes man  Damn, shoud I get that ski mask G?  Should I rob him, try to get a job?  Damn, the man's testin' me  Chorus x2  [Silkk]  I keep visualizin' jail cells, and closed caskets  Put a credit to the grave he blastin  fill my coffin laughin', chewin tobaco  I'm just a gangsta livin' day to day, tryna survive  Try to stay high to realize why my homies out there die  Now why you keep on testin' me, sendin' these cops to arrest me  Put me in bad situations, but I won't let life, get the best of me  I was born in a fucked situation, but I'm not a born killa  But I've seen some shit in my time, that escaped a grown nigga  Wonder if, its a test, see how much I could hold up on my shoulder  T-R-U 'cross my stomach, on my back, a fuckin' soldier  It just don't seem right, it just don't seem right  The shit a nigga go through, makin' me wanna scream like Mike  It stresses me, its only after this  I wants to know, if its a in if I kill a nigga, over self-defense  Most of my people don't like me  And a lot of 'em can't stand me  But I wonder if its a sin if I kill and rob to feed my fuckin' family  It's suvival of the fittest, you be my witness  I don't give a fuck about the money  Cuz I can't take none of that shit with me  If its a test, then let me know  But if its my time to go then let me go. Amen  Chorus x2  [Master P]  My record went gold, my family started money trippin  I could look into the eyes of a nigga that wants to catch me slippin'  Somebody hollered "Don't go out like Tupac!"  That be the same nigga tryin' to fill me up, with buckshots  The game get dirty that's why I'm blastin'  Its plenty niggas out there wanna see the P, in a casket  That's why they spread rumors, lies, I died  Niggas don't wanna see another nigga get a piece, fo the fuckin' pie  My friends trippin' cuz I got ends  Niggas don't wanna see a black nigga rolin', in a fuckin' Benz  My old lady say I'm stuck up  I got to sleep with one eye open, this whole world is fucked up  Got me poppin' dono  Ask Bo but he don't know what P know about the ghetto  You ain't got no dollars, you got no friends  If I go to jail how many y'all niggas gon' visit me in the pen  But if I die it be a million niggas at my funeral  They wanna see me knocked out like Tyson, did Bruno  If I wear red or a blue, then I'm a gang banga  If I make gangsta rhymes, huh, then I'm a dope slanga  Every nigga I used to know that didn't make it  think I owe 'em somethin'  Every nigga I know in the ghetto, huh  ask me to front 'em somethin'  My own company, niggas, want me to sign them up  They don't think I could work for this shit  and how hard it take to come up  They too busy, throwin' tesses (tests)  Got me strapped with pistols wearin' bullet proof vesses (vests)  Every hoe I fuck, hope the rubber pop  The media spread rumors I smoke too much weed,  I guess they wanna see me smokin' rocks.  Heh, I think the Lord is testin' me  Either this a bad dream or my fuckin' mind messin' with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P, Silkk, C-Murder) Album: TRU 2 Da Game Song: Final Ride -Yo, Big Mann, what's happenin? -Just out here chillin, dawg -Shit, nigga, what you chillin, what you thinkin about? -Nigga, I'm out here reminiscin, lookin around, nigga -Reminiscin on what? -Bout how shit done changed, dawg -All these niggaz dead we grew up with bro baby, Daniel -Damn, bro, this shit daily, constantly happenin -So what, we next or what? -Nigga, we tryin to come up and raise them little ones -Well, let's find a way out this shit -Well, let's do dat there [Master P] Niggaz dat want to space age hustle catch that rocket to the fuckin moon That be yo final ship, bitch, cause yo ass is doomed Ain't no comin back, livin in the dope game Cause once you die, nigga you slangin rocks, then that's yo name On the wall when they run up, I got killas coming trough with bubble ups to pick up double ups And put him in that muthafuckin long black hearse I mean, once you gone nigga you layin in the dirt Ain't no love in New Orleans, All the way to Richmond, California niggaz livin for ghetto dreams And the ghetto get so crazy I seen a little bitty baby suckin on daisies Caught two to the chest, one to the head 5 niggaz walked behind him dressed in red With ski masks, but niggaz thought it was a clown show Witches in the St. Bernard projects, downed a hoe And it's sad cause niggaz claimin 3rd Ward 9th Ward and niggaz claimin 10th Ward All my homies be dyin Down South Run around, talkin shit, killas with gold in they mouth But I'm a soldier, a rolla, give me ten I'd rather die than go to the fuckin pen My partna Bos looked to my eyes and said, "Nigga Is it time for change, niggaz ain't livin in this dope game" So we jumped into this rap game And laid it down to all my killas that tried to teach my nigga the game Cause once you gone, ain't no comin back Talked to Randall and T-Dove they say, "P, the streets ain't all that." I mean the Calliope projects done change Right from Roges Tablet you find the fuckin police man And niggaz still servin bubble ups Big Mo in the projects rappin, and niggas=z tryin to come up And with this new wave dope game, I mean this rap game, niggaz tryin to get out to make some change But Down South my homies dyin, niggaz fryin But stories we ain't buyin Chorus: repeat 2X Who (2Pac gone, but what rapper) gon be next To take that final ride (I hope it ain't me who) Get cashed like a bad check (slammin cadillac doors) Black hearses when they should be 6-0's [Silkk] I often wonder wonder if there's a heaven or a hell Rest in peace to my niggaz that died Too bad when they died they couldn't come back and tell If they really is another side, I seen his mother cry I just wanna know where he went when my cousin died That last step, then it's yo debt, yo last breath then it's the moment you fear Just think, by the day over, one of us ain't gon be here Used to ride with a bunch of niggaz, now he's ridin solo He's dressed up in a suit, when he used to wear Polos I wonder if there's a heaven for a gangsta, a killa, and a shoota I wish some nigga gunned John Gotti had went in the chamber Moms say my days are numbered cause I live wrong Even Scarface made a song, gangstas really don't live long I'm tryin to live to a rock candy painted cadillac like Outkast say Ride on them thangs like Mack 10, from back side to side like U.G.K. Convertible Lexus like Eightball, MJG 500 like my brother Master P, I'm a shock the world if I see 23 Maybe not today, but tomorrow off into the funeral parlor Take pause to bury my boy, as we roll up to the grave yard Who gon be next...to take that final ride? Chorus [C-Murder] I done seen mo crime than a crime lord Sometimes I sit back and think I seen more death than God Just last week a nigga got shot up and burned But me I take heed to shit like that, and I learned How can I not end up like that nigga? What the fuck I got to do not to get banged up by that trigga? Cause in the projects, ain't no love Niggaz will split yo wig cause they gon on drugs (her-oin) I hope you feel me, cause I feel the pain of others I feel for every nigga that got to go on without they brother But like the game, what goes around comes around Next week that could be your muthafuckin hearse ridin through that town That could be yo mama cryin in that steeple Better yet, that could be you mornin the death of yo people In the hood, I'm known for peelin caps, so I'm a cap peela The police know me for sellin drugs, so I'm a drug deala I reverse the game cause ain't no love for a black man 13 years old, my little cousin got juvenile life for takin a stand It's a never endin game of death, do or die So if you kill, be prepared for that final ride Chorus (2X) R.I.P. 2Pac, nigga, Eazy-E, Segram, Mr. C and my little brother Kevin Miller, and all ya'll TRU niggaz and bitches that done died out there on these streets and took that final ride y'all niggaz ain't forgotten Cause TRU niggaz live forever TRU niggaz like us Ya heard me? It's real nigga We gon see ya'll fools in the crossroads The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: TRU - The Begining Typed by: JTxM0NEY@aol.com They're baaack (ya know) TRU NIGGA!! (a wiseman once told me) (if you're ever gonna make it in life  you gotta stay TRU to yourself, as well as the ones you love) Hholm Bra (but keep your eyes open man) Keep yo eyes on yo enemies (keep yo' eyes open) Crime Family (cause when you on the top) T-R-U (it pulls you back down to the bottom) IT AIN'T OVER KNOW IT JUST BEGINNING..Ha HA [Silkk the Shocker] It's like the world watchin the Miller boyz Got em to prove innocent They got me strapped up, phone tapped up Keep my conversations to a mininum (SHHHHHH) See I used to scheme to live above average American dream, seen only few things  Niggas hatin on me Can't believe they turned state on me Once you fake always fake, niggaz'll stay to wait on ya (TRU niggaz) Can't trust your best friend Nigga he'll cross ya dog They don't make em like they used to Make em niggaz they'll cross you all Love, but that don't mean he don't wanna snitch on each other (C, Silkk, P) Cut wrists and let blood drip on each other (fuck everything else) We live life like motherfuckin thugs TRU niggaz TRU tattoes TRU everything nigga took it in blood Bulletproof shirt, marked meals that shit is useless I dont know how y'all do shit But I do ballin type shit, no rules shit (Hholm bra) Macked up, put the rap up Niggaz think we switched nigga fuck it we'll switch back up DeBo (UGHHH!!) in the hood still there to make me boss (3rd World) Nigga done shit good livin that shit will never ever make me soft Haters prolly thought we'd be dead by now Fuck all that controavescy shit nigga, when we talk, real niggas react Smokin down wit our head down prolly put us in years wit da FEDS by now Status: platinum plaques, buy a house and wit a check Had nuttin unless I imagine back Now sky's the limit niggaz can't imagine that  (Silkk) Motherfuckers wanted crime (Master P) Da Crime Family nigga (Silkk) Word (Master P) Realest niggaz, TRUest niggaz you ever motherfuckin met    in the WOOORLD!!! (Silkk) Ride wit me fly wit me nigga wit me (Master P) NIGGA (Silkk) Money to the sky nigga ball til we fall my nigga (Master P)  All my real niggaz Y'all feel this cuz you know I been out there playin basketball, lettin the game marinate but as I look through the eyes of the perpetrator I see motherfuckers really ain't real, motherfuckerss want what I got Instead of being a man and get yours nigga There's enough for all us and THAT MOTHERFUCKIN CONTROVERSY RAP NIGGA THAT DON'T SELL That make niggaz look stupid but we ain't never talk bout niggaz on records You got something to say, say it to me nigga Y'all know where we at TRU niggaz thugged out mind figgas niggaz Real killers, real money makers Haha, C, Silkk and P nigga  TRUest motherfuckers in the world when it comes to this rap shit niggaz Realest niggaz in the world when it come to this rap shit To all our motherfuckin fam Nigga we love ya for stayin real and keepin it real nigga ITS NO LIMIT FOR MOTHERFUCKIN LIFE!!!! And for y'all motherfuckin haters, haha take a deep motherfuckin look at yourselves I know it's killin ya but listen to this real shit but you wit yo partnas and yo partna are lovin this shit  And it's prolly eatin you up on the inside to know  that real niggaz done made it out Tou prolly still hatin, but guess what?, why you hatin? Go on ahead and marinate, hit the motherfuckin weed again and trip on yo motherfuckin self Cause I know who you are nigga, we know who you are  but the thang is you gotta deal wit this nigga Everybody else love this shit Yo motherfuckin momma love this shit Yo daddy love this shit Yo brother love this shit Yo motherfucking sister I fucked the other day she love this shit nigga haha So I'ma be in yo motherfuckin system So I'ma be in yo motherfuckin soul and motherfuckin real niggaz Y'all get ready to listen to the motherfuckin vibe TRUest shit eva bein put on motherfuckin records (UGHHH!!) TRUest clique, real TRU niggaz nigga T-R-U...for life nigga for life but fuck all that shit loc's The niggaz got the message, turn up the motherfuckin beat LETS GET ROWDY ROWDY AND BOUT IT BOUT IT!!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: Hoody Hoo Typed by: tru4nolimit@yahoo.com (Master P) Don't make me call the dogs (use my ghetto code) Oh, we got beef? (Hoody Hoo) I represent the dirty south For all my thugs and thugettes out there To the world Get rowdy rowdy, bout it bout it (Where they at?) Where the tru thugs at? 4 or 5 hummers, Burban, Jag for the summer SS sittin 20's but I ain't no muthafuckin stunter Grab the gat, where they at, rat-tat-tat-tat I represent the 3rd ward You a rookie, I'm a vet, you the captain, I'm the crunch You got that dinner, I got the lunch, hit the weed, pass the blunts Your eyes red, you got the munchies How you like me now, gold teeth when I smile Try to take me out the ghetto but I'm still buckwild (Chorus) So buckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga (Hoody Hoo!) That's the code for them killas (Hoody Hoo!) Buckle up, knuckle up (What you wanna do?) (Hoody Hoo!) Buckle up, knuckle up (What you wanna do?) (Hoody Hoo!) Buckle up, knuckle up (What you wanna do?) (Hoody Hoo!) Buckle up, knuckle up (What you wanna do?) (Hoody Hoo!) Buckle up, knuckle up (What you wanna do?) (Silkk the Shocker) One for the money, two for the show Three for my niggaz, four to go When I hear hoody hoo it's time to ride Let nothin slide, let nothin go If you bout your paper then scream (Hoody Hoo!) If you don't fuck with them haters scream (Hoody Hoo!) If you about big thangs then scream (Hoody Hoo!) If about havin thangs the scream (Hoody Hoo!) (Master P) Whoa, hold on lil daddy, watch my feet I know you gettin rowdy and everything KL, bring that beat back (Silkk the Shocker) Drop the hot shit So I can cop the new shit, the blue six Niggaz hatin these days So guess what, I bulletproofed it N-O-L-I-M-I to the T nigga TRU is who we be nigga Then scream if you with me nigga (Chorus) (C-Murder) Straight from the South, got them golds in my mouth Converse on my feet Thug girls bounce dat ass to the beat We be No Limit niggaz, and we rowdy We come to the club and get the motherfucker wildin Fuck, I been to the streets Rest in peace to my peeps Stay at home if you weak, gotta hustle just to eat And the pound put it down, all them girls can't tell TRU niggaz make mail, all them haters go to hell Throw 'em up Uptown, all the way to Downtown You might get clowned, so you better pack a round TRU niggaz want it all, we gon' ball till we fall Put my tank on the wall, Hoody Hoo be call, nigga (Chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Fiend, Full Blooded Album: Da Crime Family Song: Dangerous in My City Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com Master P singing: Tru niggas love weed and hoes Silkk talking: Yeah nigga Shit's real in the streets.  Shit's real in the city.  Everybody out there.  Ya'll know it's real. (Whomp!) Tell em how we live in the city.  Verse 1 (Fiend) : Fuck excusing and asking, you better take a look at my past tense I aint had shit, it's a New Orleansas ax accent Laugh when you heard the slowest slurs in my word Didn't think that the southerens could make you dance to the curb Nerve, my word sent in my earb,  getting excited to make your money what its worth  Nigga act like you aint heard, Sleepy Eye is the tone Get It On Jones, about to bring it own home Ship me then I'm gone, workin best for the loan started with a song, longer money and roam Fuck anything wrong, you certified gone I got one lil' homie that'll take it to your nose Chorus: ( Fiend)  It's dangerous in our city Nobody can tame us in our city You aint heard? We got gangstas in our city bangers in our city, and niggas ready to war if you try to rip me It's dangerous in our city Nobody can tame us in our city You aint heard? We got gangstas in our city bangers in our city, and niggas ready to war if you try to rip me Verse 2: (Silkk) I hop out the blue jeep with the two seats The drama don't stop thats why I cock at least two heat All with the slang, all my niggas deep in the game we keep the heat when we hang, you know the streets that I claim Nigga I'm just so bad, I rob a bank with no mask Amung killers and dealers all my niggas about that toe tag The life style I live nigga is so fast,  If the rap ever stop I never go broke nigga I got dope fast or forward, never go backwards dont never drink have money on machine, and make sure that the dope addict from the smallest to the biggest, till check that nigga  Thugged out, ghetto star, livin' legend my nigga Find me in the projects in the center of the mix nigga what dirty south represent it in the middle of the bricks nigga fuck see I love hip hop,  a nigga like, fuck that cause my family gotta eat shit its like fuck rap  Silkk talking:  Shit you know it's real out here niggas need to guard they grill out Surivival of the fittest my nigga So hound tell these niggas what the motherfucking deal is  Verse 3 : (Full Blooded) You motherfuckers aint smelling what? Ghetto star committing felonies,  runnin through your shit squeezing my shit in your belly Ribs showin', eyes glowin', I lie stunned no ??? one,  when I lie crimes form,  I'ma dogg motherfucker I done tooked the route,  my dogg told me not to take watch them take me out Got me running closer to demonds Motherfucker, bloody rum, got me lookin at ceilings Hear me ??? at the sounds of the church bell twenty white guns salute with hounds doggs on my trail got me, face down in the mud and shit,  fucking with out my road dogg they done drugged me bitch Master P talking:  All man cut the motherfucking lights on  Jay gonna meet the meat with a gimp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Ghetto Commission Album: Da Crime Family Song: Miller Boyz Typed by: bigbrax@hotmail.com Silkk talking: Silkk the Shocker nigga, C-Murder nigga, Master P GC nigga, Tru what the  fuack ya'll wanna do Chorus Halloway We them down south killer boys Ghetto commission and them motherfucking Miller boys think it's a game we'll fuck around and kill you boy On the reala for the scrilla we come to get you boy Halloway I'm trying to make a million of this rap shit And blow up like a fat bitch My entourage is thick Nigga No Limit is the shit My grandma awlays told me I'd be famous But she never told that i would hool up with these gangstas Body bangers ???bitch we hungry like??? I be part of TSO until I'm up out the alter I got ??? ain't no warning me I'm heartless ain't no running me nigga Don't ever stunt on me nigga I'll fucking crush you nigga Valerio I'm about to put my foot in a niggas ass physically abuse Misuse the but of my pistol to cause a bruise Beat a mother fucker till a bitch can't move Tru niggas refuse to lose Tote guns to murder fools Coming with rumming If niggas ain't respecting the flame Ejecting bullets with nullets taking niggas out the game I'm stealing outlaw Still dodging cop cars TSO and Miller Boyz riping niggas apart Chorus repaeat 2X T-Spade It's the red eye pistol packing rapping assassin The last one blasting Late night outfit ski-masking I got your backbone subtracting Itchy trigger finger action got me ducking the law Hoping to change I bust a brain and cause a flame on it fo' It ain't no thing to me fo' I got the game in me fo' TSO Tank Dogs playing you raw Shit talking nigger crosser I'ma toss ya, I'ma flip ya, I'am punch ya, I'ma kick ya Motherfucker get a picture We real niggas C-Murder Just a little a ghetto boy A motherfucking Miller boy, killer boy Put that pistol in a pillow boy Ans smoke you and your motherfucking mom come on and play dumb And watch me leave you in the rum Like a old pair cheesy ass shoes on the proch Crush you like a roach And burn you like a torch Pussy ass niggas don't last to long I'm down south where them real niggas roam Chorus reapeat 2x Silkk the Shocker I remember when i used to carry crack, I used to carry gats Now they got a fake ass nigga in the hood walking around carring bats You know I can't be having that Lucky I left the heat alone, beef alone or I would have been buried black You know the shit I spit bitch ya heard Ha what sit on on the curb Niggas think they funny know you can get it six a bird That's why I flip birds You fake ass niggas got on my nerves I'm from 504 we ain't no joke Nigga give up your fucking dope Master P Grab a camera take a flick Miller Boyz and TRU click Bustas get dealt with ho's get some dick So hail to the streets cause young nigga we run this See me life ain't nothing but weed and money A couple cars, a couple houses so we never go broke Hotboy got the dope Man ??? in the ghetto See no limit is the army and we the soilders The Ghetto Commission and TRU click thought I told you Chorus repeat 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU [Disc ONE] Album: Da Crime Family Song: TRU Homies (Street Version) Typed by: O0O316O0O@aol.com [Master P Talking] Yo Silkk and C-Murder just remember as brothers blood is thicker than water  and can't no man women or object infiltrate this family [When my TRU Homies call me I'll be there  When my TRU Homies need me I'll be there] [C-MURDER] Damn it feels good to be TRU, thats why I gotta represent the tattoo We roll deep when we creep in the streets And stay strapped just like the police No Limit or should I say the army I feel like can't a damn thing harm me You don't want to go to war with a soldier Cuz TRU villains throw nothing but boulders My click assist of hard hitters A bunch of use to be thug villains And nobody don't mess with nam' one of us Cuz we make alot of bustas run from us. Ain't no such thing as a fist fight You getting jumped, so you better have your mind right Give me a call, when it's time to bang up And I'm there, before the phone hang up Hook [When my TRU homies call me, I'll be there  When my TRU homies need me, I'll be there  When my TRU Homies call me, I'll be there  I'll be around] [MASTER P] I knew one day, my time was coming But my whole world changed when I put TRU on my stomach And nigga TRU stand for keeping it real And thats why we ride for our homies when our people are killed I love my momma and my daddy for planting my seed But me and my homies reminisce over Hennesy and weed And all my loved ones lost trying to hustle and bang I make RIP songs just remember your name And now Kevin you a legend Even though It send chills up my body, see TRU up in heaven No Limit is my life I love my job Thats why I roll with TRU homies like Jimmy and Boz And TRU is the tank And me and Silkk and C-Murder we the links(lanks) I love my brothers over bitches and some bank And when if need me, I'm there for ya blanc [INTERLUDE] [HOOK] [Silkk the Shocker] [So I'm there when y'all need me. Anytime, now look ..] For my TRU soldiers, I put nothing in front of y'all If something jump off, I'm jumping in front of y'all Ya' know what, they bet not touch none of y'all Cuz everybody gotta go, even if they touch just one of y'all They say Silkk you might die, but thats my call Wrong or right, they right cuz thats my dawgs Thug living, living like sort of like a menace Form with ex-cons, people on bonds waiting to get sentenced[You know what I'm  saying] And I ride with this TRU click It's No Limit for life, look ain't nothing after this And damn it feels good to be a soldier I roll with niggas like C and P ??? Y'all my brothers when we fuss, I let ya'll win Wouldn't trade y'all life for ten million so I couldn't fight over ten TRU tattoos and tanks just Boz and V Just two a few thats down to ride wit' me I know y'all want to let me see y'all doing it on y'all own But if ya fall never hesitate to call me on the phone [I'll be around] [HOOK] til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU {C-Murder, Silkk The Shocker} f/ Popeye Album: Da Crime Family Song: Don't Judge Me Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com Chorus x2(Silkk) Times are shady for a G The streets got me crazy, trying to stay free The ghetto raised me, I can't sleep Once citizen as a baby, now look at what ya'll made me. So don't judge me Verse 1 (Silkk The Shocker) Don't judge me on how I dress and the niggas who I hang with Just cause from my pants sagging, I wear rags, I'm on some gang shit Used the hood for us wealth, It got that good for myself Think about all these niggas in the hood couldn't help Now I expect ya'll to doubt me Cause my own family doubt me, told me I'll never amount to shit They probably fight, cause all I wanna do is go ounce to bricks Hang around with the clique, probably catch me bouncin the six Go to a party at night, find some tight,  probably leave the party with a chick Now as a kid ain't the same thing come back, remember when Is all my four-five pourin' liquor out on town  while I reminice about my friends Trying to avoid penetentaries and cemetaries, ain't no fucking fun They got are hands up on the gun, they got a nigga up on the run Trying to forget the bullshit, gotta pull quick,  my enemies know me, I know them Always left on the field, death is always there, I just never know when So till you how I live, you can't judge me, on the streets you love me You can make me famous, till a never change me Still live dangerous, how is it you blame me What Chorus x2 Verse 2 (Popeye) I take what you want, suppose every individual thug See a nigga walk away, delay the miserable drug Nigga we burnin' every bridge in the city, committy prisoners Suckers who took a pistol in hand, my shit be vicious I travel with the narrow shit, you follow within the gun play Pretty future for none of us, make it before the sun lay Cause living off the pistol pull, pull its to murder they farm Back up within the halls of they Calio, pistol kate warm Today storm between the dark earth, inside the gun flame Presence so close to touching us all before the sun came Supported smoke rise above us, burning my energy Open triggers receiving whatever my father sent to me Cause living got the weather flow We raise our kids beside the better grow You better leave, you better let her know Keep a focus, part in your vision, inside the Lord Hanging within the trigger my nigga, cause time is hard Chorus x2 Verse 3 (C-Murder) My life ain't the same, I want change, I maintain  So much pain got me praying, and constantly saying Don't judge me, just trust me, sometimes just hug me How come these niggas mug me, why don't these niggas love me The ghetto raised me so don't blame my people Cause ah from day one ya'll know ya'll never treated me equal It's like my skin tone had ya'll mind gone Gave me a bad name like dope, like I was herion Ya'll feel me, damn they kill me, left me in the streets to die Till the day I wonder why, I even open my eyes It's like I'm cursed cause I had to snatch a purse to eat They wouldn't give me a job so I took it to the streets And made a dollar out of nothing, not even fifteen cents Sleeping, pillow to post, wishin' bad luck come to an end It's wicked how these streets turn they back on you dawg When they the main motherfuckers that made you fall Don't judge me Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ O'Dell, Porsha Album: Da Crime Family  Song: The Tank Goes On Typed by: Bossalinie@juno.com C-Murder: You know you only get one chance to make it  You know what I'm sayin'? So uh, when that bus come You better jump up on it Just like the beat goes on, life goes on Porsha (O'Dell): And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) C-Murder: It's a small motherfuckin' world It's big enough to get lost and get tossed Cause everybody wanna be the boss And watch that young nigga in the cut With that rag throwin 'em up Cause he ain't got shit to live for And get my lighter off the dresser, among the pressure And ready to make your baby momma's eyes wetter We act the fool like in club dreams ??? full of ghetto bitches, and them knockout kings Me and my nigga Green and Snoop in the coup countin' Look we had a dice game Damn, these niggas want my life man You paranoid C? Man, fuck them niggas dogg I'm 'a ride 'til I die, P told me to take the world on This be the realest shit, we be the realest click We got 'em all, even moms at the store buyin' No Limit discs Money don't make me, I make money Niggas get high and die cause they be stuntin' like some crash dummies I plant my seed and let my dying breed live homes And put it in a song and let the beat go on Porsha (O'Dell): And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) (Tank goes on, tank goes on, tank goes on) Master P: I got these bitches in my hand, and the world on my shoulders Pops said, "P you don't understand but you will when you get older" Your friends will be your enemies, so many pretend to be Real but they ain't, for the bank of the tank See No Limit is my job even though I live shy I don't mean kill and rob, but real niggas don't conspire Sometimes we get wicked, and you don't have to lie to kick it Gave a few niggas some Rolexes and houses, they said they did it  We after big dreams nigga, no schemes (It ain't over yet) You run your mouth to the feds but me and my boys we livin' clean I still get a million screams (UGH!) Y'all know what I mean  And me and TRU nigga and Silkk and C countin' up that green Porsha (O'Dell): And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) Silkk the Shocker: Look, You only get one chance Even I'm blessed but I feel like life is a test You see me ???  You think its easy being me You know my own homies don't wanna see me livin' swell Sell me name to the cops and rather see me locked up in a cell Can you blame me for not wanting to check the check? Not knowing things are barley gettin' by Shit I want it all, even if I don't get it at least I can say I tried My own friends turned to dope fiends and it shows Ask me for 20 dollars instead of asking me to come on the road Can you blame me for wantin' to take my homies up out the hood? And get moms everything she liked You know I've been in this rap shit for 8 long years Y'all thought it happened overnight Y'all see the money and the fame But y'all don't see the struggles in the game It's hard to stay the same Y'all might notice a change I'm just tryin' to get my money See ya only get one chance You gotta go out and get it and make it happen Ya heard me? Porsha (O'Dell): And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) And the tank goes on (Tank goes on) You only get one song (Don't let life pass you) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (C-Murder, Master P & Fiend) Album: Da Crime Family Song: Hard N's Typed by: O0O316O0O@aol.com [C-Murder Talking] [HOOK] We some hard niggas, hard niggas, hard niggas We some hard niggas, hard niggas, hard niggas (Some bad motherfuckas) We some hard niggas, hard niggas, hard niggas We some hard niggas, hard niggas, hard niggas (Some bad motherfuckas) [C-Murder] I make money off top, turning caine into rocks And I carry two glocks, so I can't be stopped From the city to the state, I'm pushing rhymes like weight Pitbulls by the gate, and got the camera with ??? And twenty g's in my draws, money taped to my balls And I really can't move [Why?] or that shit might fall I'm a gangsta, I sell dope nigga, it's my job '89 was the year when I started to rob I'm a fool, I used to smoke weed at school And got kicked out because I toted a tool Other niggas used to run, but me I stood still Cuz if a nigga fucked up [Hmph!] ??? was killed And ask Sam, I'm blowing on fools like WHAT! That nigga opened his mouth, so I fucked him up Nigga what, you don't want me to pull this trigger I told you motherfuckas we some hard ass niggas [Bitch] [HOOK] x2 [Master P] Mask up with the homies when it's time to ride Niggas thugged out wit' life til' the day that we die Tattoos on my arm nigga stomach and back They cocking Tech-9's like a mechanic cock a car-jack I'm from the city where we don't give a fuck Nigga ?? up the wrong hood and niggas gon' shut you up Nigga we bout big bucks, stash outdoor in the cut Holla 'Hoody Hoo' when the rollers rode up We ghetto millionaires, but they call us rejects Because we love to smoke weed and fuck bitches in the project I tried to creep threw the hood and them Feds tried to book me He said what you doing back here in New O. I say I love ghetto pussy [HOOK] [Fiend] [Waump! Waump!] I'm ghetto ??? getting my profession them balls working deadly weapons If I die them young niggas can take it as a lesson My clips be side jumping But a nigga name Wessun, first name Smith Known in the hood for pretty ?? Let me introduce myself, the one that toted SHOTTY! Tossing em in ya body Blame it on the Bacardi Niggas don't wanna start me I'm B-A-D, sometimes I get kinda afraid of me Survivors thun graded me on brains batts and all Because befo' I steer em wrong, I'd rather have my ?? The hardest is gone, I just arrived collecting was rightly mine You won't some hard niggas you can catch us on the grind [We some] [HOOK] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru f/ Skull Duggery Album: Da Crime Family Song: Stay Real Typed by: bigbrax@hotmail.com [Silkk on the phone talking] Woo what's up slim I saw Ms. Silkk the Shocker out there last night Yeah you better stop playing with me dog,  You know i seen your girl and them cutting Man how you gone start off a conversation,  Bitch you better stop playing. Naw nigga we just friends for real.  Hold hold on He clicking over on me My phone clicking Hello? 	What's up dog What up my nigga 	I need some weight I thought you had 25 	Man look I need some weight Naw I don't do that no more dog 	You got the chickens dog Naw I'ma talk to you later wootay [Silkk rapping ont the phone] You know that big nigga from the hood done snitched up Hit the pen and bitched up He worked with P but now that nigga snitched up You know the nigga that used to flip with us That nigga working for the feds know, the phone beeped when I picked up Nigga got 25 years came home in one summer Catch him riding in a gray hummer With this chick named goldie getting head from her You know the whole hood fucking head bumping Cause we grew up with this nigga,  the nigga seen it and he ain't said nothing We was gone crack that nigga skull but he fled from us Trying buy dope running round the hood flashing fed money(fed money) Nigga renegoiate Shit change his name another city relocate(what) Feds kicked the nigga door in you know what they found up in the residence Only way get out the shit you had to be the motherfucking president Niggas upstate turned state evidence Shit this nigga fake And you can't let fake niggas represent Chorus: Silkk, and Skull Duggery (Ra Ra) Real niggas don't snitch Real niggas don't flip(we never snitch) Real niggas never cross another nigga  cause real niggas don't switch(Ha What) Real niggas don't make deals( uh ha) Real niggas stay real(nigga what) Real niggas take the charges and fight that shit on appeal repeat 1x [Silkk] This old fakeass nigga crossed alot of niggas(what) He the reason why the drought season started cost alot of niggas If you was soft you should have gave up the game Nigga got endited, didn't try to fight it nigga just gave up names Shit how you used to be so real and so fake Nigga told me it was my dog I was like fuck naw, no way We used to get money together, get honeys together Run it together, tatoos homies forever I was right there when his mother slide Trust the nigga so much I let this nigga watch my brother kid (it's like that) ???????? ain't never failed Niggas looking for you but he hiding somewhere in Delaware (You gone look out for him) Naw i can't help him (Man why you ain't gone look out for that nigga) Naw cause that nigga selfess (That nigga must be a snitch) Streets is watching Keep the heat cocked Niggas beef ain't stopping Y'all niggas better watch it (You got watch your ends) I feel ya my nigga (And you gotta watch your friends) See that snitch shit never stay shit i don't trust nobody But i bust somebody, and that shit i never hesitate What the fuck happened friends forever. What happened to loyalty. What  happened, what happened to trust. Don't snitch, don't flip, don't turn  state. Real niggas be real, fake niggas be fake, bustas be bustas, and  snakes be snakes. That's forever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Charlie Wilson, Snoop Dogg Album: Da Crime Family Song: Suppose to be My Friend Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com [Master P] Check this out boo The only thing that matters is if you happy and I'm happy You know what I'm saying? We know this real ghetto love After the fronting and fighting,  that's where the love making begins real good baby But our friends aint our friends your mama in our businessn your sister in our business the media in our business these motherfuckers don't understand Chorus: (Charlie Wilson) You said your a friend of mine, it turned out you crossed the line I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine You said your a friend of mine, it turned out to be a lie I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine [Master P] Call the cops for nothing, all the jumping and stunting It should be kissing and hugging, I mean loving and rubbing I'm on your team, your on my team, I'm your king, you my queen I'm the ice you the cream, but your friends love the scheme Even I told you you was special, see these hoes will sweat you The niggas will wet you, but the ghetto is pressure No more fighting in front of the kids, it's time to live big Build a family tree of figs, and let the haters dig You my rose I'm your flower, I think about you ever hour Keep them hoes out our business if you need me just holla Chorus: (Charlie Wilson) You said your a friend of mine, it turned out you crossed the line I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine You said your a friend of mine, it turned out to be a lie I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine [Snoop Dogg] I tell you all my problems, share my deepest secrets with ya Hit ya on the side, girl you down to ride I feel so safe with ya, get cha what you need A condo in the valley with the keys, palm trees, jet skies Fly you over seas, it's silly how we did it Really we commited I'm dippin out the studio with the too faking  My heart just uh aching, while I'm shaking and snaking You tell me take a chance so I dance with the devil I kiss you on the cheek, and now we sneak into the bedroom Tossing and turning, burning, yearning for love And you supposed to be in love with my young cuz What's love got to do with this?, and it's all based on friendship Ain't that twisted, somebody told my boo and I think it was you Had to be cause I aint heard from you or seen you, so it must be true Chorus: (Charlie Wilson) You said your a friend of mine, it turned out you crossed the line I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine You said your a friend of mine, it turned out to be a lie I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine You said your a friend of mine, it turned out to be a lie I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine You said your a friend of mine, it turned out to be a lie I forgive you I don't know why, you said your a friend of mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Peaches Album: Da Crime Family Song: The Ghetto is a Struggle Typed by: Bossalinie@juno.com Chorus-Peaches: The ghetto is a struggle but we've gots to change our lives We've got to change our lives, Oh-oh The ghetto is a struggle but we've gots to change our lives We've got to change our lives, Oh-oh Master P: I've done seen it all in the bricks Somebody said he would never change The homies killin' up each other Shit, I guess that is the dope game And if you look like a thug, then that mean trouble See my next door neighbor knockin' on the window She wanna ??? And my water don't get hot, I got bleach in my holey socks And my mom started stressin' us why I started sellin' rocks And this street got my crazy Momma said I can't lose my baby (Damn) But see these niggas so shady (Ha Bro?) Fuck the world if they take me Chorus C-Murder: The ghetto is a struggle to me Who can I be? Will it bring trouble to me? Before I rest in peace I ask my auntie to look up in the sky and thank Before she turn another trigger, take another drink I know it's hard  Tryin' to survive and not die and stay alive But who you really foolin'? Cause we all live a lie It ain't the same wishin' ya didn't have any Didn't want it and take it But if the situation right then It's your pockets I'm breakin' I lost my conscious when I lost my big brother Ask my mother, I'm never changin' my ways Not even for The Source cover I puts it down like that on this track To give back to the hood It's a struggle (It's a struggle) It's all good (It's all good)  Chorus Silkk the Shocker: The ghetto is a struggle, so I gots to make a change You know it's hard on the streets, but I've gots to maintain Mom pullin' up on my sleeve tellin' me don't leave I'm like, "I gots to do what I gots to do  because if I don't, I don't eat" Grew up with the rats and the roaches Tryin' to stay focused (Stay focused) Tryin' to survive in this world but it's like I stay hopeless The world is a ghetto and I can't escape that (Can't escape that) Every time I try to prove 'em wrong y'all just prove 'em right Shit and, I hate that I know I've made some mistakes black Deep in the ghetto tryin' to find the queen  Tryin' to avoid the hoodrat We've go to make a change And in fact, we should Just because we in the ghetto We should still dream see past the hood Chorus (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Master P) Album: Da Crime Family Song: Run Away Slaves Typed by: jlw343@psu.edu [Voice in Background] Look at the little porch monkeys, fuckin jiggaboo [Master P talking] My ancestor Kunta Kinte said We come over to this bitch, smiling on a banana boat (And they fucked our bitches and raped them) They never told us what the fuck we came over here for (Call us jiggaboos) And did deals with the Indians (Wild Coyotes) Ain't no fuckin body ever did no deals with no black folks [Chorus] x 4 We run away slaves (Run nigga run) They say we free then put guns to our head [Master P] Now the cops try to arrest me and these bitches wanna test me My ??? scream P don't let the master get the best of me The game got me crazy, I'm fucked up I can't sleep They put dope on boats and planes and did deals with the enemy That's us, some say in God we fuckin trust The slavery's fuckin over but the world is messed up Black on black crime, either you poor or you blind Life is a welfare line and the homies they doin time Some niggas they switch for a lighter sentence or they switch The ghetto is a bitch, niggas live to get rich Then they slam my fuckin dreams like b-ball Killin chickens and pigs, just to feed the white hogs No houses, no meals, no seven acres Put us in the projects put us on dope and playa hate us Now lady heroin steady gettin money Ms. Cocoa leaf and weed, damn they gettin blunted And my homies steady dyin, mothers steady cryin I'm walkin the straight line keepin my people off the grind Probation and parole, niggaz in four doors This ain't for the radio but you run away poor folks [Chorus] x 4 [Master P talking] For all the muthafuckin runaways out there I mean all us niggas that been incarcerated by technology By life, by the judicial system, (run nigga run) by the white folks or even the black folks that think they white (even the haters) Martin Luther King was a run away slave Jesse Jackson a run away slave Malcom X, he was a run away slave Mohammed, run away slave Farrakhan, run away slave Muthafuckin No Limit, we run away's (me Master P) from the whole record industry cause we ain't bout havin 15 percent (I'm a runaway nigga) we bout havin 100 (I'm about my paper) we bout teachin other niggas how to get theirs cause we gon get ours (you got to) y'all get yours, stop hatin break away nigga (the media) the chains is still there (y'all can't stop us) and this mothafuckin black on black crime (yeah nigga) it gotta stop (yeah nigga) run away slaves  that's just what they want us to do (but we gon go to college) nigga be all you can be if you a soldier  (we gon be doctors, we gon bepresident) No Limit Army nigga (No Limit motha fuckin sports) (We gon be rap stars) We run away slaves nigga (Maurice Collins) takin over, we bringin our mothafuckin athletes home  (Leland Hardy, runaway slave boy) And we keepin it real, we keepin it treal  (Sylvester Scott, Edward Hawkins) No Limit, run away slaves (lawyers, politicians) that's what we bout, keepin it treal, politickin nigga  (that's what i'm talkin bout) black publications (doin what we gotta do) no more probation and parole (no more hoes) Colored folks stickin together nigga (I got the car door open nigga get in) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mo. B Dick, Peaches Album: Da Crime Family Song: Livin' Like a Hustler Typed by: Bossalinie@juno.com C-Murder: This is for everybody out there livin' that life, ya know We livin' like hustlers now-a-days, We livin' like some G's Chorus-Peaches (Mo B. Dick): TRU niggas livin' like some hustlers, hustlers TRU niggas livin' like some G's (Livin' that life) TRU niggas livin' like some hustlers, hustlers TRU niggas livin' like some G's (Livin' that life) C-Murder: I wake up and shower ??? and brush my teeth And page my niggas, call my bitches, and card them snitches Cause TRU niggas gon' ball, no matter what (what) We get 'em up at the drop of a dime bro And did a day livin' by the AK >From the ??? overseas, TRU niggas blowin' trees' And gettin' high, it comes with the job I used to rob to stay alive and now I'm runnin' with the mob (TRU) And makin' dope hits after dope hits >From the Ice Cream Man, to the motherfuckin' Crime Fam' Iced out from the words that I speak A new freak every week I be puttin' to sleep I puts it down like that I got the game in my vein Million dollar rings and things and still want change Ghetto Fabulous, soldier nigga, fuck a busta I'm a TRU nigga and I'm livin' like some hustlers Chorus Master P: Don't play no games Y'all check this shit out I started small time dope game, neighborhood coke man >From the Calliope Projects to the neighborhood dope man Bitches wanna see me, Niggas wanna be me Holla at ya boy if ya really fuck with me I'm a ghetto superstar, yeah we live raw Believe none of what you hear And half of what you saw Fuck the press, I wear a bulletproof vest And the world hate the P cause I made it out the mess So, I'm 'a ball 'til I fall nigga TRU won't fall nigga Hoody Hooo is the call nigga And if you ain't with No Limit fuck 'em all nigga Cause real niggas ride Playa haters die I represent the 504 and Southside Where they'll pay you for that scrilla Keep your eyes on your enemies And watch them lil' niggas Chorus (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mac, Pheno Album: Da Crime Family Song: No Limit Army Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com Chorus: [Master P] No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya These converse is for battle and we straight soldiers Big Boz is knocking teeth out cause we rollers This game got me wicked, I don't play Niggaz got funk on the other side, and we spray We drive through the 3rd Ward Calliope Projects And drove through the other side niggas get straight checked See I'm a killer I only ride with G's And I used to be a hot boy but now I slang CD's Am I right? Am I wrong? Tryin to protect my life When these killers want me they gonna catch me one night I don't play, we spray, on the game, they late Get up it ain't over yet nigga, 'till judgement day Chorus: No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya [Mac] They call me camoflague, your everlasting assassin three niggas wanna hear me flow and they bitches fiendin' for my passion World War be my gospel, my environment is hostile  You don't want beef with me  cause I come through with those deadly apostle Tell me something have you ever seen the eyes of a tiger A cold blooded motherfucker who just murder for hire Represent the turf, 'till my opposite of birth Bless my posse with a shirt Shit it'll make a turn for the worst. And got them niggas on GT that would die for me And some niggas in the Saint T that would ride for me. My little brother, Ghost catch him at school he a straight student But at night he masked up, ready to tear that ass up Chorus: No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya [Pheno] This for my niggas in the block tryin' to get on their feet this for them jackers and them killers makin' moves on the streets for my ill ass niggas, my trill ass niggas my upstate niggas quick to kill ass niggas my real niggas, surviving in this game since lil' niggas roadies and rovers on 20 inch niggas, tank niggas backing up to the bank niggas, we stank niggas I'll you gotta do is bunt niggas Chorus: No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya [C-Murder] I'm from the Calliope nigga that's the home of the killers Ask Falloy and Wing about them 3rd Ward niggaz Leroy - he'll stick you for that plastic toy  Little Jimmie and LoLo will hit for your mo mo Soldiers for life so you better think twice cause them uptown soldiers ain't nothing nice For real nigga, you might get killed, so chill  or your people gonna be reading your will, ya bitch you [Silkk the Shocker] You can tell by the look in my eye  I'm a soldier till the day that I die Fuck 'em we keep it locked, all that heat we got we keep that shit hot Nigga either creep with a block or either sleep in the rocks Some niggaz say watch your back cause these niggaz in the hood is phony My shit's for life, CPT tattooed the fucking hood on me Made Man you don't want to start with us 3 niggaz in the car stuntin', do yall really wanna go to war with us? Chorus:  No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya No Limit is the army and we the soldiers It's an uptown thing boy, I thought I told ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU  Album: Da Crime Family Song: Bounce Typed by: LMadeMan99@aol.com  Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou  (Bounce dat ass)  Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou  (Bounce dat ass)  Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou  (Bitch bounce dat ass)  Bou-Bou-Bou-Bou  (Bounce dat ass) (Chorus)  When you see me in da club (Bitch bounce dat ass) When I catch you in da tub (Bitch bounce dat ass) When I catch ya at da pad (Bitch bounce dat ass) When I catch ya down bad (Bitch bounce dat ass) (C-Murder) Yall know when Im in da club yall know what im lookin fo lookin fo da bitch wit da biggest butt a down south bitch, a gold mouth bitch a bitch that'll make mah pockets rich wit da G-strang drowls holdin on to da walls plantin dat ass right on a niggas balls you give her a drank and watch act wild she got more trick den a little bitty child all mah niggas in da back niggas in da front and me bout to smoke from da mothafuckin blunts im gettin high i really cant lie i wanna fuck da freak wit da tat on her thigh fuck yo baby daddy you can ride in mah caddy i kno you wanna fuck cuz you lookin right at me so bitch get yo mind right i kno down bad lets go to da crib you can bounce dat ass  HOE (Chorus) x2 (Master P) Take it off, break it off, shake it off HOODY HOO!! girls in da club showin us and da homies wit da big banks couple dollas fo da fish tanks thug girls wit da G-Strangs squat it down and make yo knees sang see dem papa's like to ride it and dem strippers work yo body kick yo legs like karate and say wut up cuz we bout it (UGHHHH!!!!!) get down if you rowdy if you a freak den shout it HOODY HOO!! (Chorus untill fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: You'll Never Change Typed by: PLikTic@aol.com ( Master P ) Sometimes i feel like we all losin We probly was born losas ya know what im sayin? They tell us to make a change and all we make a change try to do the right thing and they still treat us like criminals And they'll treat us like... like we dont mean nothin to society you know.... like....like if you black you just be (chorus) They say your never gonna change think that your gonna stay the same your beein the one that they blame Lord, how can i explain knockin you from ????? and please for me lord make them stop and try to help them out the game cause lord i cant feel this pain (DIG) I think its time for a change it seems that im stuck in this game this cold hearted world got a nigga feelin the pain i cant explain how i live my life i keep my mind on six figures and try to keep it tight im stressin in the ghetto and i dont know should i hold on.. or let go? but its damn sure like grabbin a blunt, sayin lets blow nigga you know wassup man i gotta be real cause in this muthafuckin place niggas gotta have skill my episeris keep my mind on top of the night im seen spys, so im no longer father figure tonight everytime i look up, somebody die im wonderin why is it because they live they life as a ???? wont you change my... ghetto ways cause im tired of livin in the last days but always on my knees as i pray screamin from the top of my voice 'Lord Save Me' (chorus) (Mac) Look in my eyes, and tell me you see a bright future Since its a angle of a stranga it might suit ya theres so many words  i wish that i could change the way the way we was raised we were ??????? and got enough nerve to hate gays maybe i neva undastud life for whats its worth i never liked church but i hit the streets and sold my dirt but im not a heeden cause i know what i believe in would i fall short of glory  for some fucked up weed n' this open up the question yo were those ur wordz or was it somethin man made up to calm my nerves well if i didnt walk fo eva tell me where will i go we all ???? i just wanted ta know (ya heard me) (chorus) (MasterP) it aint no justice, aint no peace see mama gotta eat Panmdrap to da police in my ?????? st. i was born a hustler, probly gone die a thug grew up in the projects, seein my people on drugs society throwin slang tellin me we all equal But fuck da world, nobody gone help ma people and they... label'd me crazy since i dropped out of college but u cant live in the ghetto, wit only book knowledge a bunch'a broken homes a bunch'a crack babies black on black crime damn this shit is drivin me crazy i cant sleep at night i went about the game and if i dont make it, atleast i tried to change They say your never gonna change think that your gonna stay the same your beein the one that they blame Lord, how can i explain knockin you from ????? and please for me lord make them stop and try to help them out the game cause lord i cant feel this PAIN The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU {C-Murder} f/ Magic Album: Da Crime Family Song: Hail Mary Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com (C-Murder talking) Check this out my nigga.  I've been a hot boy for a long motherfuckin' time, ya heard me.  It was cool for a minute, but shit I gotta jump up out this shit.  Free from murder attempts on my life, you know.  I got a family to feed, you know.  I'm trying to jump about the game.  (Chours x2) Hail mary Hail mary, please help me, I wanna live And forgive me for the dirt that I did I been a thug since I was born  And nuttin' change but I been trapped in this game too long Verse 1 (C-Murder) Hail Mary Freak or murder attempts on my life  And my soul is gettin cold and I'm facin' parole Heavy gangsters looking burry But who can I tell from my cell to hell, don't let me die in jail One foot up in the grave and my back against a brick wall I'm having dreams about a image trying to kill us all I count my blessing but I'm stressin', Smith N Wesson Fool testing my nuts, I'm still throwing them up And spitting blind rounds at my shadow, tweekin' for drama I found a call from my momma, she don't want me around And everything I touch seem to turn cold And every nigga that I hang with don't grow too old Hail mary (Chours x2) Verse 2: (C-Murder) Two elevens got me sweatin', will I lose my rights Convicted fellon with 187, facin' twenty five to life I'm just another lil' nigga ready to ride on dem bustas Like a jungle sometimes, it makes me wonder why I trust ya Use to hustle for fun nigga, a young nigga, dumb nigga Now they got me on the motherfuckin' run nigga I used to laugh at them other niggas runnin' from the cops Now these bitch niggas sweatin' my block My ghetto dreams got me wishing for a quarter bird or something I ask them ballers but them niggas ain't frontin It's rest in peace in my future, how long will I live Hail mary please forgive me for the dirt that I did (Chorus x2) Verse 3: (Magic) I sit and wonder with all the things I hear my people say  Like, Magic, God is coming back some day Am I ready, shit I don't know, I'm just trying to survive I'm hustlin' and strugglin', can't you see the pain in my eyes I've been doing this shit for way too long, plus I'm way too strong It's hard doing right when all I ever done was wrong Thug to the bone but I know I gots to move on The devil's itching to get me and I don't think I got long Thank God for TRU, and every word I say is for real Ya'll couldn't imagine some the dirt I did Shit I used to rob, steal, click click and kill for a meal So close to death when I had just started to live My lord (Chours x2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mr. Serv-On Album: Da Crime Family Song: I Don't Want You No More Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com [Silkk The Shocker] Look, for real, you need to stop calling me with that bullshit. Somebody tryin to make money, make it happen. When you get your shit together you can hollar at me. Look. Now I don't know why you keep playing all these childish games You older then me so why the fuck you keep playing Not the chick I thought I'd see, thought you would be I know that's you cause your number keeps showing up on my caller I.D. I can't even go on the road without you all on my shoulder Talkin bout giving an autograph to a chick you like,  why you talkin to them hoes Like all that extra buggin If you trippin you can leave  cause you know that I don't need all that extra luggage Just leave, pack your shit up, aww fuck all that extra hugging I can, because that's why I got all these extra cousins I'm a thug and I stay thugging I hold grudges, that's why I never ever talk to my ex in public Now we supposed to be just friends, now you getting all possessive All agressive, I'm like chick, just pause for a second See that's why I was kinda scared to hit the skin Cause I'll be mad as fuck, I come back, you left and hit the Benz You say you got pictures of this chick who I was walking with Talking with, now you on some old stalking shit Now first place I don't want you, I talk to you to get close to your friends You know what, I gotta short temper, you just getting close to the end Now what Chorus He don't want you no more  Cause I never let you do the things that you think that you'll do He'll be out the door Cause he see's that your the kind of girl that shows up to no good [C-Murder] Man, this girl crazy. What, what. Now when I first met ya I told ya that I had a girl But you overlooked that, all you seen was diamonds and pearls You wanted a nigga in the spotlight with money and shit So you can run and tell your girls you my honey and shit Looking for the finer things but I'm just sexing you up You keep on calling, huh, but I keep hanging you up Your girl told my nigga that we getting engaged I felt played, I didn't know that you was sick in the head To fall in love with a thug and now you hating my boo You should have listened to your friends and don't fuck with TRU And I was just a little horny and you looked so good With your pretty face and ass made me wish I could Fuck you and your girl if yall down with that I told you that I was a dogg and you was cool with that So dry your eyes, I'm out the door and quit sweating my show I told ya, like a man, I don't want you no more Chorus [Mr. Serv-On] Say boo, it ain't like you was with me when I was serving fiends So I don't owe you shit, right now turn in your jersey, you ain't on my team So what, got tired of scratching on my S It wasn't like that when you was at my hotel biting on my chest When I met you you was still breathing for another I let you wear my tank, excuse the first couple of calls to my baby's mother Now it's am I married or do I have a woman You was never mines in the first place so why the hell you fussing I hear our names going big in the beauty salons and nail shops I told ya, keep it between us or we gotta never stop But you couldn't keep your mouth closed So guess what, take all your paper boo and make your way to the door See me, I ain't with that he see or she saw her with me shit So if you see me don't play me like no bitch So when it come up to this and I'm goin do what I gotta do I'm a take it to mines so stay TRU, what you wanna do Chorus till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU {Master P} f/ Dig, Magic Album: Da Crime Family Song: Soilder Till I Die Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com DIG: Them bitch niggas hollar soldier this and soldier that But No Limit put that soldier shit on the map You niggas hollar soldier this and soldier that But No Limit put that soldier shit on the map Them bitch niggas hollar soldier this and soldier that But No Limit put that soldier shit on the map Them bitch niggas hollar soldier this and soldier that But No Limit put that soldier shit on the map Verse 1 I hit the street with my soldier fatigues, stand with my heat I play this game for keeps and watch you bitch niggas bleed, ya heard me I'm that D-I-G nigga from the third ya dig Fuck around with me and you get that ass served ya dig Smoked like herb ya dig, ya heard me bitch I'm a give it to you raw and letcha burn ya dig Ya learn ya dig, this is what you earn ya dig Now you know the word ya dig, No Limit Soldiers bitch Chours: Master P/(Magic) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die  Verse 2 (Magic) Bitch I'm a motherfucking soldier till the day that I die Come, get a little closer, see the tank in my eyes Man you bitch niggas don't worry me You screaming soldier but you fake niggas are wannabe's Yall don't wanna fuck with me For real, nigga take this soldier shit serious I hope you niggas are hearing us, yall niggas are fearing us Who started this, nigga we started this shit Work hard for the Colonel, work hard for this bitch You from the hood and you's a soldier But if you ain't that false claiming shit is over You phony, I heard you snitching to them po-po's Boy you ain't no soldier, give it up to all them broke hoes Boy you ain't no soldier, you actin jiggy with your yay nigga Boy you ain't no soldier, but you gonna get your day nigga Boy you ain't no soldier, I'm from the ninth ward where we real to this shit We only taking what belong to us bitch Cause we motherfucking soldiers Chorus: Master P/(Magic) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (ya heard me) I'm a soldier till the day that I die (what) We soldiers till the day that we die (ya heard me) Verse 3 (Master P) Ha ha, what's up to all them motherfucking soldiers out there? What's up Cash Money nigga. We feeling yall niggas. Niggas think we beefing nigga but it's realer then this. There's too much money for everyone to get. What's up DMX nigga, ha ha. Jay-Z, So So Def, motherfucking Suave House. Them all niggas soldiers. Motherfucking Rap-A-Lot, yall niggas soldiers. What's up Mack-10 nigga, Cube, E-Feezy, ha ha. Bone, yall niggas soldiers. To the north, to the south, to the east. And all yall real niggas and real bitches in the west, represent. This song here is only dedicated to the real motherfuckers. Treal motherfuckers. Fake soldiers, nigga might take yall stripes and yall guns. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Mia X Album: Da Crime Family Song: Buss That Typed by: KEANOC@aol.com  (CHORUS) (SILKK the SHOCKER) Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! (KLC) Aye Yo Mia since you first buss dat shit (MIA-X) Put me wit the baddest bitches that be spittin that drama But when I buss they say hush that's momma Infrared pen Mia hollow-tip lyric MC eater Rowdy song bring it on come on Shut the club down you dont wanna go ta' war  I go far have you screamin get to the car Ghetto star x-rated when I spit  got you muthafuckas jumpin sayin dats that bitch Cuz when I step to the mic I come to tear shit up If you dont wont this type of heat dont even pick your pen up My rhymes buss get you clappin throw blows like ROYCE Handin That's why I'm TRUest bitch standin (CHORUS)x2 (SILKK the SHOCKER) Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! (KLC) Buss that shit (after chorus 1) Yo Silkk shut this shit down fuck them niggas (SILKK the SHOCKER) You know I come in this muthafucka I shut shit down Fuck you in this bitch I'm in this bitch now TRU my clique and y'all KNOW! how I get down Yall need to sit down befo yall get clowned Catch about six rounds look count them off 1-2-3-4-5-6 Now yall really think yall niggas could get wit this? N-O-L-I-M-to the T aint nobody hard as us If they is they got to be hard as the fuck I run wit killas and dealers I run wit soldiers and jackers I run wit niggas and murderas I run wit killas and kidnappers All my niggaz get rowdy All my niggaz get bout it We scream ! KNUCKLE UP, KNUCKLE UP! Yo niggas go rowdy What what (SILKK the SHOCKER) Dont make me break you off somethin Dont make me break you off somethin UH oooooo UH oooooo it aint my fault (CHORUS) til' fade (SILKK the SHOCKER) Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! (KLC) Yo buss dat shit (SILKK the SHOCKER) Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! Huh huh! What what! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: Don't Fuck With TRU Typed by: PLikTic@aol.com [C-Murder] What now? (stupid motherfucker) what now motherfucker? I told you bitches, stop talkin all that motherfuckin shit I'm not gonna send niggaz out fiendin I'm comin for ya myself BITCH! I told you motherfuckers don't fuck with TRU It was a dumb move nigga Mow I'm fuckin wit you, now try your lives while I put this fuckin bullet in your dome You dumb nigga, I told y'all to leave us alone How many niggaz got a dolla can't top my shit (my shit) All these bitch motherfuckers, quit ridin my dick (my dick) You run your motherfuckin mouth like you a broad or somethin (bitch) Niggaz actin like they motherfuckin hard or somethin Yeah, you ain't shit with your clique nigga To me you a bitch, I'm a real nigga Jumpin your shit fuckin you wit Throw them hands or them hot thangs  It's all on you, check my back of my own Fool I'm nothin but TRU C-Murder Bossalinie of this rap game (rap game) Bitch I'm rich nigga you know my motherfuckin name Big bee hive boy and P and Bossalinie (Bossalinie) on the tank that'll make you wear smelly  And we don't give a lily fuck about the laws (fuck the laws) We got big balls (big balls) ghetto supastar drivin big cars Now if you eva in my hood nigga holla at me (holla at me) And if you eva wanna fight then throw a dolla at me (ya bitch) Now the tank will decide if you wanna live or die (die) Just run your fuckin mouth and I'ma take you for a ride nigga Fuck what you sayin, it's all on you fool I told you motherfucker (nigga) don't fuck wit TRU [chorus] I told you motherfuckers don't fuck wit TRU It was a dumb move nigga, now we fuckin wit you (don't fuck wit us) Now try your lives while I put this fuckin bullet in ya dome You dumb nigga, I told y'all to leave us alone [Silkk the Shocker] I told you niggaz don't fuck wit us Now I'm makin you niggaz gettin clowned Tell niggaz is bitches some of y'all niggaz be pissin, sittin down Y'all too small, you know what I.. do to y'all (ooh) my crew ball And plus bitch look, we do it all I don't fuck wit (who) him  and I don't fuck wit dogs So what the fuck you think? If you fuck wit him, I'm gonna be fuckin wit y'all (never) See I'll put this gun back nigga and I'll bust ya all I ain't give a fuck what ya name is I ain't give a fuck what y'all call Niggaz wanna probably just... bust for fun Niggaz ain't gonna ever ever, not bust no guns Niggaz is way down the street talkin bout what the fuck y'all done  at the most niggaz, probably wanna cuss and run Now we self made million-aires We make the money, money don't make us (make us) If y'all was us, and we was y'all then I would hate us (ehehe) Y'all talk about how y'all wanna be us Y'all ain't nuttin but a bunch of hood critics It's cause we rap now, shit y'all still would hit it (chorus) [Master P] TRU niggaz gone ride wit me The ghetto's the NBA and I'm the lottery Pick from the streets... from the South to the East You the Beauty I'm the Beast Fuck these niggaz they know who P From rags to riches, from quarter to seven-fifty Holla Hoody Hooo and my niggaz gonna deal with ya I got the game from my homies and y'all haters, y'all can't hold me Niggaz rappin bout niggaz on records like the 80's, nigga y'all niggaz phony (repeat chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Baby Soilder, D.I.G., Reginelli Album: Da Crime Family Song: Never Typed by: bigbrax@hotmail.com Master P talking; Oh yeah a wise man once told me never bring a  motherfucking knife to a gunfight. Ha bra If you do you might lose your  motherfucking life nigga. Never snitch on your homies, and never tell a  bitch where your stash at. Chorus repeat 4x [Master P] Never take knife to a gunfight You on enemy lines we gotta ride tonight [Baby Solider] I'm Baby Soilder I done told ya I'm taking over I'm getting colder I'm putting 20's on a rover Money spending windows tinted My cousin C told me if it ain't tru i can't get up in it We on the rise we got the shine Where y'all stay broke niggas slang nickels and dimes We outstand it, we should've planned it Moving birds everyday niggas we taking chances,we taking chances Chorus Repeat 4x [D.I.G.] First of all I got my niner, she's my body breeder And every time that I squeeze she screams like Anita That's why I keep her to my motherfucking waist line In case one of you niggas try and take mines, thugged out And I'm leaving your set with my guns out And it ain't no love know I'ma about bust your your shit and watch you drown And your heart stop And know you feel the pain coming from my glock And that's what you get for trying to hit my motherfucing block Chorus Repeat 2x [Reginelli] Y'all niggas got the game fucked up trying to beef with me I'm Reginelli I'm more deadly than the HIV And for all them niggas that oppose me you better bring help I'm like pork chops and pork and beans I'm bad for your health This niggas a devil The fatal thought sank in my mind I'm so fucked up I don't if I'm living or dying I got gun you got a knife You living good I'm living trife We on enemy lines so I'ma ride tonight Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: R.I.P. Kevin Typed by: NoLmt1221@aol.com I remember when we were kids We shed all our hurt and tears (and tears) No matter what the weather, what the weather We were always together (always together) We grew up as time went on We became seperated (seperated) [Chorus: repeat 2X] It was a sad day (it was a sad day) When my homie went away (when my homie went away) It was a sad day (it was a sad day) When Kevin went away (when Kevin went away) [Master P] Kevin, life ain't the same, even though we got some change see momma dont understand how you died in the game and grandma get older, Little Kevin he is a soldier we done made it out da ghetto aint no more run'n for the rollers tattooed your face on my arm so you legacy could live on you said "P be strong" without you we all alone I know it's been a few years, on your birthday we shed tears and I don't wanna question God But why he took you and left us here? [Silkk the Shocker] Look - just thinkin about you my nigga bring tears to my eyes I mean I'm hard and all but even the realest niggaz cry and when you left, part of me died too And who ever knew Kevin like I knew Kevin shhh ya'll would cry too just think'n about you, if you were still here  how much different remenisin on one of your pictures  lookin at the family thinkin we always got one miss'n and I can still remember the last words (and mine aint even started) look your never forgotton cuz on your birthday I go and put flowers on your grave I still remember when P and C broke the news to me at school about your death told me "Silkk time would heal our wounds"  Its been oh five years and I aint healed yet Now I feel somthing I'm tryin tryin to be strong  I know moms tryin to hold on  even tho your here and your gone I got so many questions, thats why I cant move on (Its somthing about you) [C-Murder] Now as I could remember (remember) A couple of months before December (December) I still can't take the pain we all are stuck in this ghetto rain I learned my lesson, could your blessings watch your enemys and watch your friends and if it aint your blood dont show that man no love cuz kindness make you weak and cause blindness in the streets and the vultures commin to get you when none of ur real homies is wit ya and its sad cant break the cycle  and take a drink wit my uncle Michael and my momma question my silence but I blame this sinceless violence don't wanna wake up cuz when imma asleep  you still alive up in my dreams  a few seconds of happy thoughts to keep my mind at eaze and then Kevin its like you ghost my body freeze when ever I see him If anybody got yours ways, you know it'd be him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T-R-U Album: Da Crime Family Song: Bounce to This Typed by: LMadeMan99@aol.com See I told y'all, Ima get me somebody dog You know how we do it TRU It's for ever Yeah yeah All my ladies yo, All my niggas yo, Where da niggaz at? (Where?) Where da bitchez at? (Where?) Nigga We wont all y'all niggas to (Chorus x1) Bounce with this bounce with this (Southside) Bounce with that bounce with that (Northside) Bounce with this bounce with this (Eastside) Bounce with that bounce with that (Westside) Slide with this slide with this (My real niggas) Ride with this ride with this (My real bitchez) Pump ya fists pump ya fists (All my niggas) Jump with this jump with this (All my bitchez) (Silkk The Shocker) Yall wanna get bout it bout it then bounce to the track Im from the south, so no doubt I gotta bounce with that I get paid off the way I, pronounce my rap Used to keep my money in brown bags Now I got accounts for that Yo, I bounce like a 6-4 Im out to get dough I spend some, I lend some, but im out to get mo' Now hit the club cuz im in some club shit Ima thug on some thug shit Nigga wanna fight cuz they dont like im the one they baby made love wit Im the type to get in the club wit Niggas trippin on that, we bout that money and power No Limit ridas, and we dont be fuckin wit cowards Thats why we spend so much money on jewls Thats why we spend so much money on shoes Man im like "fuck, I got so much I could spend it on food" Now when I step in this bitch from the front to the rear my niggas Where my TRU niggas at?? (Right here my nigga!!) (Chorus x1) (Big Ed) Where all my thugs niggas? 38 snub nose it's the slugs nigga Niggas Peepin, I aint trippin, im lookin like WHAT?! nigga I got my vest on Big Ed the Assass-on Quick to get my blast on So Fuck it, im switchen from cop-knuckers to suckers that swallow nuts DAMN Niggas better not make act a fool and lay this whole club down Theres always one nigga, but ima ballroom balla (???) What the fuck  Niggas lookin all struck I paste hatas like glock papas and leave em all stuck Leave the woman all fucked Sick real drama Im in the bucked worry Ya Momma -- I fucked over (Repeat chorus till end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Da Crime Family Song: It's a Beautiful Thing Typed by: StUnNNa@aol.com (Snoop Talkin) Yeah  Alot of people always ask me ... Snoop Dogg ... What it feel like being on No Limit Records ?  How that nigga P treat you ? What C-Murder and Silkk the Shocker like ?  Nigga let me tell ya somethin  {Snoop Dogg} Fancy cars, big ole rings Pushin the dope and I don't mean cocaine No pain, no game I struggle for mine  I hustle for mine and that's all the time  I b-ball wit P, C, Silkk and Serv Went to my homies from the CP Third Southside niggas on the west coast curves We givin up love, while we blazin up bud How yall fell about that No Limit shit ? Big Snoop Dogg you know we rock that shit  Well put on yo jersey and yo mothafuckin tank And show yo golds and crack some hoes  We closin down shop but the game be sold  Imma have money even when I'm old >From a G to key when u fuckin wit P  Somehow someway got to get the money  Chorus (Snoop Dogg)  Hell yeah it's a beautiful thing  Yeah yall it's a beautiful thing No Limit it's a beautiful thing  Yeah yall it's a beautiful thing (TRU, TRU) ( Can yall dig it ?) Yeah yall it's a beautiful thing TRU it's a beautiful thing No Limit it's a beautiful thing {C-Murder }  Snoop check this out Me and my nigga Snoop shootin dice lookin fo cheese (for keys) We get high cause we keeps that bomb ass weed And fuck them otha niggas (why ?) I'm ridin wit Dogg (Dogg) And I'm 6 ft tall (tall) And a couple of a calls (Calls) And bookoo broads (Broads) And bookoo hoes (Hoes) And bookoo shows (Shows) And fat optimos (Optimos) Tru playaz for real, run up you gettin killed Make the wrong move and I'm tying yo shoes Mac down south nigga wit the Cali boyz  And like Roy we totin them plastic toys (Beach) On the beach droppin nothin but heat From the L.B.C. to the CP3 I love this shit like I say in bed Its like 2 bad bitches givin u head Snoop in the tank countin nothin but bank What yall thank nigga ? It's a beautiful thang  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family Song: The World is Yours Typed by: DaNeXRnLdO@aol.com Ain't one of our fucking kind. It's okay, it's okay.  Don Vito.(It's on now) It's rules to 'dis(It's rules to 'dis) but you can't  break none of 'em.(None of 'em) All we got on the street is ours balls and  our word.(That's it. That's it.) (Verse 1) Yo its rules to this shit and you can't break none of 'em(none of 'em) It'll cost you nigga so you can't break one of 'em(one of 'em) Never get high on your own supply Never stunt, never get front nigga more than you can buy If a nigga's down on his luck never fuck wit him right? If a nigga rollin' never fuck wit a nigga dice Nigga ain't fuck wit you never fuck wit a nigga life No matter how good she look never fuck wit a nigga wife If a deal go down then get the chrome Never look suspicious when the switch is on If you think you're tapped up then switch your phone Think a nigga watchin' your house then switch your home Always check your money in case the shit gets off You bought into it, know what you gotta do female dish it off Never talk back gotta respect the boss Never leave witnesses(beepbeepbeepbeep) gotta check the pulse (Chorus) The world is yours if you follow the rules and play by it All you got is balls and words, now stay by it The streets of rap is still do or die No matter where the fuck you at, the same rules apply The world is yours if you follow the rules and play by it All you got is your balls and words, you gotta stay by it The streets of rap is still do or die No matter where the fuck you at, the same rules apply (Verse 2) I done fucked wit killers in the south east and west niggas hard Fucked wit dealers in the north the rest is broad Every now and then you might catch me sexin' a star Ain't no fault the only person I trust is my guns and guard We ghetto D.O. nigga and bounce to dat All my rap sales and crack sale couldn't amount to dat If I get caught wit more than a ounce of crack I plead, take a three then I bounce right back Niggas can't wait to take my place(place) Niggas can't wait till I make a mistake That's why I spin it all cuz I know I can't take it wit me Some jealous muthafuckers out there can't wait to get me(Ahhhh!!!!) That's why I check that nigga If I don't feel that nigga I'm like "Dude, that's my dog, how you can't be real wit a nigga? How you gonna steal from me nigga? See niggas will drill you nigga" (But boss that's gonna cost) Well, bill me nigga (Chorus) (Verse 3) Look, nigga [fading]I'm a bad dude, shit, body full of tattoos Type of nigga that your family don't want you hangin' round  cuz I'm bad news Drop the hot shit, so I cock shit..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Da Crime Family (Disc Two) Song: We Riders Typed by: jimmy99ways2die@hotmail.com We riders, i'm a rider, i'm a rider, i'm a rider, i'm a rider We riders, i'm a rider, i'm a rider, i'm a rider, i'm a rider We riders, i'm a rider, i'm a rider, i'm a motherfuckin' rider [C-Murder] Any time dumpin' them fools You see a motherfuckin' killer with No Limit tattoos And when the smoke clear I know my job complete And everyday I see dumb niggas die in the street Run for cover if you soft, don't want no power I'm a show guillotine in your picture and your mama gon' miss you nigga You and your kids and your wife take your life With a knife, it ain't right, but uh, the money was tight Am I to aggressive nigga, it's hard to survive And stay alive make you feel like a bitch inside But if feel froggy jump, and watch me react and attack And leave you layin' on your motherfuckin' back Cause ain't no playin' in the game of life, the game of hustle Where them niggas pack heat, fuck them niggas with muscle Where the skinny niggas with the triggers sittin' on top of the mound Runnin' fools clean out of town nigga [C-Murder] Gettin' high hittin' the ??? And runnin' from the law, damn niggas 'll talk To many bitches sweatin' me so i'm fuckin' 'em all Lace the weed and them hoes be takin' it all Take 'em down like I just touchdown from ??? Just some bitch shit, it just be sweatin' my click 50 million so, still countin', still sittin' on top You niggas only wish what I got Fuck a bed, fuck a house nigga Fuck you and the watch I'm thugged out, I be clutchin' my Glock With more than 5 reasons for you to call me a nerd Cause infra red held lead come straight to your head And then you dead nigga what's up now what's up now bitch Nigga show me you made the wrong move You lose, bye bye, just die, don't cry, when I get high [C-Murder] You bitch, I told you motherfuckers No Limit Soldiers never drop we always on top motherfucker So you better check the motherfuckin' billboard spot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU [Disc TWO] Album: Da Crime Family Song: Prayer for a G Typed by: O0O316O0O@aol.com Silkk talking: I don't know if you listening but.. [Silkk the Shocker] I got so many questions I don't know where to start [ Wellwhy don't you start from the pain that runs deep in your heart] (Is that you? God is that you? ....... It's me) Is there a heaven or a hell, if so is that theory true? [Yes my son] Why go through so much? [It's a test my son] So I guess it was you when ?? gave me the last second to run [Yes] And I don't know why I shed so many tears Forgive my God, I haven't been to church in months [Aww son you haven't been to church in years] Some times I rob, steal and kill, just to eat I popped him, I don't know if I killed him but somebody died in my building D [He's here with me] You think you can forgive me for my sins? If so hold up, another homie died ?? you think you can forgive me again? [I don't know] Some times I feel like death is chasing me but just ain't catch me yet I'm wondering if he is going to catch me when I stop to catch my breath They say days are cut shorter from the things that you did And if so then why take the kids? [Hold up, hold up my son] Huh? [It seems like some puzzle to you, if you got something to ask me, ask me] Why is it racism? Where did drugs come from? Why is it so much death where I live? Who idea was it to make guns? [Y'all] And why my grandparents was slaves? And why is is diseases with no cure like cancer and aids? Why is it rich and poor? Why is it a death row? [For real] [That was y'all I ain't have nothing to do with it that was never my will] And though I try and do everything, I just wanna know if it is worth it [It was] Sometime I feel like I'm doing it all, sometime I just don't feel like I  serve my purpose [Keep your head up] Nigga scared of the past All my homies wanna know but scared to ask [Tell them to ask] God everybody for they self Sometime I don't feel like I'm all alone [Feel you] Don't worry bout me if I have to go so watch my brother them when I'm gone And what about when I couldn't pay my bills I was almost kicked out where I  lived [I just wanted to see if you'll break] And everything happened at the same time [I just wanted to see how much pain you can take] And you must know my lifestyle [I do] Knowing I can't change my life [I don't want you to, do what you gotta do anything not neccassary you'll pay  the price] So why did my homie die instead of me? [Because I had bigger plans] I don't understand [I'll explain, see I wanted you to grow up and be a better man] I wanna know, how you determine who dies and who stays living? [The day I made the world my son, it was written] Look I gotta couple mo' questions I need to know [What?] God, can you tell me, when is it my time to go? (everything goes silent) Silkk talking: Where you at? I wasn't finish asking you. HOOK A gangsta prays for another day Even though he lives wrong Trying to live this way (x5) til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU  Album: Da Crime Family Song: TRU Homies (Radio Version) Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com ** ( ) indicates that the word was bleeped out the song** (Master P Talking) Yo Silkk and C-Murder just remember as brothers blood is thicker than water  and can't no man women or object infiltrate this family (O'Dell) When my TRU Homies call me I'll be there When my TRU Homies need me I'll be there Verse 1 (C-Murder) Damn it feels good to be TRU, thats why I gotta represent the tattoo We roll deep when we creep in the streets And stay strapped just like the police No Limit or should I say the army I feel like can't a damn thing harm me You don't want to go to war with a soldier Cuz TRU villains throw nothing but boulders My click assist of hard hitters A bunch of use to be thug villains And nobody don't mess with nam' one of us Cuz we make alot of bustas run from us. Ain't no such thing as a fist fight You getting jumped, so you better have your mind right Give me a call, when it's time to bang up And I'm there, before the phone hang up (Chorus) O'Dell  When my TRU homies call me, I'll be there When my TRU homies need me, I'll be there When my TRU Homies call me, I'll be there I'll be around Verse 2 (Master P) I knew one day, my time was coming But my whole world changed when I put TRU on my stomach And (nigga) TRU stand for keeping it real And thats why we ride for our homies when our people are killed I love my momma and my daddy for planting my seed But me and my homies reminisce over Hennesy and (weed) And all my loved ones lost trying to hustle and bang I make RIP songs just remember your name And now Kevin you a legend Even though It send chills up my body, see TRU up in heaven No Limit is my life I love my job Thats why I roll with TRU homies like Jimmy and Boz And TRU is the tank And me and Silkk and C-Murder we the links I love my brothers over (bitches) and some bank And when if need me, I'm there for ya blank (Chorus) Verse 3 (Silkk) So I'm there when y'all need me. Anytime, now look  For my TRU soldiers, I put nothing in front of y'all If something jump off, I'm jumping in front of y'all Ya' know what, they bet not touch none of y'all Cuz everybody gotta go, even if they touch just one of y'all They say Silkk you might die, but thats my call Wrong or right, they right cuz thats my dawgs Thug living, living like sort of like a menace Form with ex-cons, people on bonds waiting to get sentenced You know what I'm saying And I ride with this TRU click It's No Limit for life,look ain't nothing after this And damn it feels good to be a soldier I roll with (niggas) like C and P ??? Y'all my brothers when we fuss, I let ya'll win Wouldn't trade y'all life for ten million so I couldn't fight over ten TRU tattoos and tanks just Boz and V Just two a few thats down to ride wit' me I know y'all want to let me see y'all doing it on y'all own But if ya fall never hesitate to call me on the phone  (Chours) till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU f/ Master P, Halleluyah, Silkk the Shocker Album: The Truth Song: Where U From Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Master P - talking] New No Limit up in here (yeah, a haha) Represent! This goes out to them boys (in Texas) With the motherfuckin golds in they mouth (Georgia) And them girls (Arkansas) with them golds in they mouth (North Carolina, haha) Louisiana to Alabama to Mississippi (get buck) to Kentucky (throw 'em up) to Tennessee, let's roll [Chorus - Master P] Where you from nigga? (WESTSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (EASTSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (NORTHSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (SOUTHSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (WESTSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (EASTSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (NORTHSIDE NIGGA) Where you from nigga? (SOUTHSIDE NIGGA) [Verse 1 - Master P] I'm straight from the streets and I'ma tell it like it was Represent this bitch for the Crips and the Bloods With niggaz on the block, with them automatic toys And them niggaz in the game, that's still makin noise I'm straight from the swamps, where them gators they'll get ya The Calio projects, where the boys they'll hit ya Don't come around here playin, whoadi it ain't a game In broad daylight they can still call in your chain I'ma country boy, but I don't ride on no camels I'm in the Bentley Coupe, 24's spinnin the saddle I'm from the city - that's shaped like a boot Where niggaz are bankin, when I ain't talkin 'bout hoop Where they gone off that water, and they shootin that legal Nigga die in my hood, they arms the size of Vin Diesel And the streets is real, I've seen little kids get killed And if you take a loss motherfucker, you ain't real [Verse 2 - Halleluyah] Yeah, where you from motherfucker, throw your hood up high, nigga Let me see you pump your sets in the sky If you reppin the southside, then please let me know Either your rockin with the Lou, Florida, or the NO Fuck it, let's together like all of us kin folks And hit the game together like all of us pimp folk, yeah You get your chin broke, you playin with No Limit niggaz You think this shit joke, we show you ain't no gimmick niggaz Macks and nines that'll clap your spine Need a quick reaction time, when you step outta line nigga Ridin on 24's, what we specialize in TV in our lap, fully loaded while we drivin Gold teeth, good Lord chickens lovin our slang And we hold heat for war, niggaz doin they thang, mayn So get it up, if ya hood what ya brought up Take a bloody Mary straight to the mouth, ya heard? [Verse 3 - Silkk the Shocker] Yeah, yeah, yeah Let me start by sayin off the bat nigga, I don't give a fuck I'm in a project with all my jewels on, like "HA NIGGA WHAT" I'ma real nigga, y'all niggaz scared and frail I'ma gangsta, I ain't never been scared of jail Only problem with jail nigga, is that I'm losin my time And now it's boxing, no more me usin the nine Or usin the tech, I gotta get my jab game up Stick and move, you know, nigga learn to use my left And while I'm here, let me make a few things clear If I'm in the building, it's at least 85 million up in here And Shocker name hold weight, like the Governor of Louisiana And y'all got problems, once he get out the slammer I'm like "Nick," last name the way I keep me a "Cannon" And I'm rich, like nothin for me to do, but drive by in the Phantom I'm from the dirty, ya heard? We do nothin but ball here Ask my block with the rock, I'm the "Truth" like Paul Pierce You know where I'm from The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Afficial, Halleluyah, Master P) Album: The Truth Song: Street Army Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Master P] T-R-U Silkk, you in here? No Limit 4 Life I got this, see this I got the hood on my back nigga Walk with me [Chorus - repeat 4X] Throw your rags in the air, we back my nigga I can smell a championship like Shaq, my nigga You bitches try to stop us, You hoes, you can't harm me The New No Limit is every street nigga army [Master P] My pops told me "Fall off your bike, then you get back up" Represent your hood, nigga throw your shit up You don't snitch, you go to jail, thats the codes of the street They got a gun to your head, want chu to talk, man put me to sleep Before I tell war stories, or snitch on my homies Testify in the court room, man these niggaz are phony What happened to old days? Nigga die for iron I know some niggaz in my hood that'd fucking tell on they mama I only roll with a chosen few, a chosen crew Like Boz, Hot Boy, Drumma, Afficial, Diesel, and Hallelu You gotta respect the niggaz that stay silent Like Corey, El and Vee, my niggaz on Rikers Island Them niggaz that ain't gonna represent No Limit Like Longhead, Paul Hall, Meat, Marlo, and Jimmy C-Murder doin a bid and didn't do the crime You see my niggaz don't snitch if they life on the line [S-Flames] Ay look I never liked the navy so I joined the army Been rocking my soulja rag since they made atari Won't speak to bitch niggaz, don't like it to draw I got an eye problem, can't see me fucking with cha'll I know I said it once dawg before but now I'm sayin it clearer If you wanna see a snitch bitch, look in the mirror No Limit is the army, We some soldiers til we die Pistol Pete give me the word, you know I'm gonna ride goodbye [Desperado] I enrolled in the army, I ain't looked back since I was on the block long like ten sharp prints Used to hustle off the porch, we ain't have no fence Mask on, no gloves, they ain't have no prints Nigga I turn a slice of bread into a loaf We live death before dishonor, I'ma stick to the oath It's a fact, the fiends want needles and smack I'ma hustle until I got more diesel than Shaq [Yukon] Errbody listenin so I put something in they ear They think P Millers just something that I wear Yeah, its the connection that we got Thats real enough for us to come out the booth And make it best to the block So why stop when we got everything move along? Hear me speak more than once, its usually a song And eventhough we in the playing field They say a ball or car won't kill you but a hater will My meal ticket just starting to cash in Breathin, keep moving when I'm on my last wind Everybody start from the bottom Til you find yourself chasing everything til you run into problems [Halleluyah] I got street credibility, every hood, they feelin me Every good deliveries white tan, them christmas trees I right hand religiously beat down my enemies Peep how I end it these weak lames listen I speak flames and lyrically heat brains I'm physically untame You need a little more help mayne Cause this 45 unlocked and aimed My gun cocked and banged This shit is bad for your health mayne [Master P] I know y'all street niggaz out there Appreciate a nigga coming from the motherfucking hood And doing something else But y'all young niggaz thats taking the game and fucking it up Nigga I was out there hustling before most of y'all motherfuckers was in school ya heard Kids under me, churn, glorifying getting shot, Real niggaz dodge bullets Banging on wax, Man niggaz down in the hood behind money Motherfucking the rap game, fucking it up then the snitches fucking up the dope game We gonna bring the shit back to reality though, ya heard me Don't make me pull my belt off and whip one of these little bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Afficial, Master P, Mr. Str8) Album: The Truth Song: You Ain't Sayin Nothin Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Master P] Them TRU Boys Up In Here Gonzilla Ain't Got Nothing On Me [Chorus: Master P] You Ain't Sayin Nothing, Nigga, You Ain't Sayin Nothing x8 [Master P] I'm the truth motherfucker I ball with Mike Bibby I'm in the Calliope project you want me, then come get me When niggaz will jack you, them hoes got gats too These kids walk around with golds and tattoos J Prince, The King of The South, I just kept that bitch going Niggaz disrespect me and I make you stop growing Boz he right here, Hot Boy he right here The New No Limit, nigga this is our year We about money, cars, bitches, hoes Kicking out windows and knocking down doors I'm a hustler motherfucker, I can't work for the man Put them birds in the van, and holla catch me if he can They feeling me, my enemies mean-mug Still walk up in the club and buy the bars up Like What The What What, Get Beat the Fuck Up No Limit In This Bitch, You better shut the fuck up [Mr. Str8] They don't wanna play with me, they scared, ain't said nothing We too deep up in the club, we waiting to start stunting Jumping like you crazy, like nigga you can't fade me Tipsy on that remy, I'm ready to start blazing Like holding the club down, dipping out with cha lady Sprees on my Chevy, they spinning like changed faces Movin through the hood, Choppin like I am racing Boy say "He gone" but show me you can't hate me Yeah this the year, so niggaz just disappear Niggaz gonna expect it from me, I'm right chea You drive, I'm right chea, My niggaz, we right chea Riding, Might Drop Em, don't wanna play round here We about money, cars, broads, hoes Kicking out windows and knocking down doors A cup full of remy and a bottle of Mo I light that dro when its time to smoke [Desperado] South West Philly P's Them sawed off stickers, snatch out ya weave You can't see me through the tips on the range It ain't about the money, bitch we got change [Yukon] Gets ya hypnotic, Afficial, we bout it Real niggaz up in the club, we ain't smiling [Desperado] Respect on our shirt, my shoes are P Miller Find us on the block with thugs and drug dealers The cuts on our diamonds is sharp as grease It looks like the lights on our masterpieces [Yukon] My team strong so we ready for whatever Bad chicks wit us like we came here together Later on, I might lace something We in the club, hella deep, but your ass wouldn't say something [Mr. Str8] Put your hood in the air, represent your city Free C-Murder and wild out with me [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Halleluyah, Master P) Album: The Truth Song: Ride Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Master P] A coward dies a million deaths but a soldier only dies once The good run, Well the bad stand anytime We ride for the block (Hoody Hoo) We ride for the hood We ride for what we believe in We ride or die for our people cause we all we got [Chorus - repeat 4X] We got problems then we ride (we ride) Take the Techs, 4-5s, and we stick em outside [Master P] Roll down the window, I ain't hollerin at no bitch This nigga hiding from me, I heard this nigga turned snitch You give me five, I can get it done Take two, see em on the porch tonight, they be less one Throw up the rags when I fold up Nigga the game over fucking with these No Limit Soldiers We was born to ride, born to die Suck it up at the funeral, Real niggaz don't cry We can take it to the battlefield Fuck the police, the judges, tonight shit done got real Like T-Mac, I'ma rocket nigga We see the motherfuckers, aim, cock, and pop it nigga [Halleluyah] Yea ay yo If drama involved, the heat come out, my problem get solved You better duck or they'll fire back more Gangsta shouldn't be in your vocabulary Most niggaz be shook, one shot'll drop an adversary Yo I'm coming with goons who fight like the wild west and I know why y'all trying to sell sex like Loon? Get real in the game of life Niggaz get killed if they aim ain't right Or if your game ain't tight Young soldier buckle up, niggaz change at night Put something hot in your stomach to change ya life Make moves or get left behind Move wrong and your soul move on from a tech or a nine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: Christmas in the Ghetto 12" Song: Christmas in the Ghetto it's christmas in the ghetto fa la la la la la la la it's christmas in the ghetto fa la la la la la la la dealers bakin, fiends are waitin fa la la la la la la la it's christmas in the ghetto fa la la la la la la la christmas in the ghetto just ain't worth shit tell santa claus he can suck my dick I guess I get the same fucking thing I got last year sittin in a bird dog drinking beer I don't have a job, no food, no fun but I got the dope, 3 ki's and a gun so I tell the fiends to me on the block open up shop and start sellin rocks I'm making big dollars off these motherfucking fools if they wanna jack, then the money's in my shoes now here comes a dope fiend begging for a hit saying can I please get a 50 dollar fix he showed me the money, then I went for my stash got the motherfucker a big 50 dollar bag the man said freeze and my mouth just dropped the stupid ass nigga was an undercover cop yea I was mad, but I didn't want to run starring me in the face was a big black gun now it's christmas eve and I'm locked behind bars sitting in a cell looking up at the stairs reminiscing about my kids with tears in my eyes thinking to myself I just want to die living in a house with no food, no heat it may be cold but hell is the street cause the place I'm from Santa don't leave gifts in my house Santa only shoplifts holidays in the hood ain't no motherfucking joke when people all around you is starving and broke cause if you black and poor, it's hell you only hear gunshots, you never hear bells so if you got a way out then go cause it ain't no fun with christmas in the ghetto Chorus this christmas ain't it, I ain't got shit waiting on santa is like waiting on a bitch now I'm going to the mall to get the fresh gear I'm from the projects, I've never seen a reindeer stick em up, stick em up, boom now you're doomed, I guess my present will be you now you know I'm jackin nine I be payin for the gas cause you know I ain't actin some say I'm the grinch cause I don't play how could he do this fucking shit on a holiday cause when I look I see reflections of me kids in the ghetto never had a christmas tree hand-me-down clothes for the new year the rich drink champagne, the poor drink beer no christmas cards, just a letter saying the rent late my little brother wanted a bike, he got skates now I don't give a damn, fuck Uncle Sam I thank God for the turkey, last year we had Spam looked out the window, what do I see dope dealers running from the police welfare cuts was the last line sent many people to the god damn soup lines homeless people with no shoes on they feet in and out of cans trying to find something to eat I reminisce to the people that ain't here hoping to have a better fucking New Year dope fiends selling t.v.'s and sweaters bro but I ain't tripping cause it's christmas in the ghetto yea, merry motherfucking christmas this EA-Ski and The Real Untouchables enjoy your motherfucking christmas you broke bitch cause christmas will never be the same in our black neighborhood so I'm saying outie 5-motherfucking-thousand and we out of this bitch oh,oh,oh yes all you broke motherfucking rappers out there making all these tapes you broke bitch you can't buy a god damn thing this christmas cause you done sold out you cunt yo man hold up (what?) what about the 3 days of christmas oh, okay man, i forgot, let's do this shit C cut the music off on the first day of christmas a dope fiend brought to me a t.v. and a bitch from up the street on the second day of christmas a dope fiend brought to me 2 VCR's and a t.v. and a bitch from up the street on the third day of christmas a dope fiend brought to me 3 stolen rings, 2 VCR's, and a t.v. and bitch from up the street ha ha ha ha, shit I lived to to see another christmas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tru (C-Murder, Silkk) Album: I'm Bout It soundtrack  Song: Down and Dirty  Typed by: OHHLA.com Yo we ridin' dirty, you don't know me bitch  Chorus:  Silkk and Mercedes together  Mercedes, Tru niggaz down and dirty  (repeat 2X)  [Silkk]  Watch your back when I be ridin  Cause I'm known to get down and dirty  Or should I say I'm bout it, bout it!  [Silkk]  See I'm, always sulkin like a bad kid  AK's under the mattress, automatic for static  Watch your back when I ride  Cuz I, roll with the tech and blastin will be uncivilized  Hat, like y'all niggaz heard me  I'm known to get down and fuckin dirty  Y'all bustas just ain't worthy  I live loose adn live frightless  I'm in a crowded room, cut the lights off, turn em back on  I got everybody's rings and necklace  Check check this, hop on the block, nigga  Stop, nigga out my mind, thinkin like a glock nigga  It's a risky business, ask Boz he'll tell ya  Ask P, he'll tell you niggaz, six deep is how us G's ride  On some gangsta shit  I'm down to kickin your fuckin door  But I'll spray this shit, y'all ain't feelin  I'm doin it for a meal  Stop pause for a sec, I'm ridin dirty, guard your grill  Chorus 4X  [Silkk]  I'm on some Beamer 740 shit, crazy retarded shit  Some rum bacardi shit  When I bust, niggaz run, cuz they know, I hardly miss  Potnas be trippin ever since I first made it  I'm bad like a first grader  Face like a eight grader  I'm on some shit that'll make the niggaz wanna jump out the game  I'm down to act bad, dude I got through, to make some change  By any means me dream is on the triple beam  Schemes twice a week to get my money of my cream  Y'all bitches ain't feelin, how I do it, how I won it  If you did it, I done done it, dope I count less than hundred  Got one of my block retaliatin, till we all fall  I'm out the supersport, bumpin, dumpin on all y'all  Chorus 4X  [C-Murder]  Nigga, I'm ridin dirty, like U.G.K. homes  If you can't respect the fact that I'm strapped, keep your ass at home  I'd rather be in the pen, more than the motherfuckin grave  And have my picture on the news, instead of the motherfuckin front page  I'm TRU nigga! so act like me to the fullest  I gots my finger on this trigga, and you know I'm ready to pull it  C and Silkk, commenced to bustin and that ass  Don't try to play me boy, we leave you layin up in a body bag  With P dog, the colonel of No Limit  That's my label bitch, so I gots to represent it  Like, Martin Luther King, I gotta dream  To be a, multi-millionaire, make hits and stack cream  With TRU tatooed on my back and my arm  Don't bury me a G, cause I plan to live long  Much love to my homes, dead and in the bushes  Reminiscin, pour our 40's, and smoke mad Swishers  Straight out the gutter, like G-blood  Silkk, C-Murder, TRU, down and dirty  We run this motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU and Mystikal Album: Light it Up soundtrack Song: Light it Up Typed by: Smokey369369@aol.com [Master P.] (Hoody Hoo)Put this bitch on fire........ We dont need no water let the...house burn(ha-ha) Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Master P.] I wish my enemies fall, I put my name on the wall We like to hustle and ball, see we big and ya'll small Gimme the mic and imma tear the fuckin club up (Hoody Hoo) Hot Boys, and girls get buck Where you from? there they go..Who you wit? I dunno Bout to pull a kick door, everybody on the floor So twirk somethin nigga, Twirk somethin bitches How ya livin fool? I got ballin in the kitchen Ghetto star wit riches,Got gold on my dishes 20 inch when im dippin, got that thing I aint slippin Got a mansion when i'm dippin, call the doggs I aint trippin Holla if ya hear me, light it up if ya wit me(Hoody Hoo!) Chorus:  Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Silkk The Shocker] Yea, I did it did it..yea i hit it hit it Got bad involed..got cash involved,yea im wit it wit it Girls wit them (ha-ha) killas and bust ya guns Countdown..5-4-3-2-1 Here it now, do it right now suckas get down A bunch of thugs came in a club and told ya to get down Last year was love, and this year's hate(Hoody Hoo) Last year was luck, and this year's fate Last year I was good, but this year i'm great Last year was 7 figures, but this year's 8 N-O-L-I-M-I to the hype it up  Silkk the Shocker, yea thats me and imma light it up Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [C-Murder] I hit em up, you lit em up, so get em up, what up?  Huh bro? I light it up, so you can hype it up, at the club Show me love, we blazed to get paid, you cant faze Cuz ahh..i'm about two steps ahead Of the game, its a shame, how could you be so lame But don't blame me mayne, unless you going insane I say woah it aint my fault, you got caught And had to return, everything that you earned You hadda learn, you play to follow and might get burned You lit em up and hit em up, you shoulda waited your turn One time, Two times, when I hype it up(what, what) And just pass the blunt, so I can light it up.....Yeah Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Mystikal] They call me the black 12th ward prince when I hit the stage then the whole crowd get intense Jump the barracades, to see the man right chea, ooh shit Them bitches fightin they way to the front, tryin to get near Screamin and hollerin til they faint, to get a chance to touch my hand Then again, when they get that chance, all they do is grab my pants Pull my leg, and touch my dick, get onstage and hug me, And tell me how much they love my shit Don't tell no lie, them niggas get amped and their hands held high GO MYSTIKAL, GO MYSTIKAL, GO Without me, you aint shit, cuz the man said so Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Master P]  Light em up...hit em up...believe... remember what you hear and half of what you see NO LIMIT runnin this for the 2000..ya heard me? Light it up, we'll burn it up if we hafta.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Tru (Silkk, C-Murder), Mercedez Album: Nothing To Lose soundtrack Song: Hit Em Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I got nu-thin to lose (ungh!) Pass me a ski mask, a glock, and my tennis shoes I got nu-thin to lose Pass me a ski mask a glock, and my tennis shoes (ungh!) Chorus: Mercedez You need to get, your life together (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) South money and hustlin, don't last forever  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) Some say that G's make the world go round (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) You say you got nothin to lose, but who got a back when ya down?  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) [Master P] Man, I'm bout it, bout to get rowdy I ain't even trippin if y'all fools doubt me Penetentiary chances, I done danced with it Died and went Hell, came back, down to do whatever Hit em up (hit em up) stick em up, pick em up I hope ya got insurance on ya brand new truck Mama need food in the icebox And I need some new Jordan with some white sock Bout to rob Peter, to pay Paul The ghetto got me crazy, but I won't fall On my way to Arizona, got it sewed up down South with the task all on it *sirens* Bout to put five in the stash box Called the C-Murder up for them plastic glocks Beeper ringin, Silkk forgot the neck on some chicken Cristal, parlay with Beck, gettin riches No longer, livin in condos It's mansions and fifty inch windows Marble floors, tailor made suits Lex Luthor, Ferraris, windows be bulletproof Me work a nine to five, fool I like the good life Seen mama so much, she slapped my face cause I ain't livin right Me give it up, I get rowdy Grabbed the gat, hit the street and the highway, I'm bout it, bout it Chorus [Silkk the Shocker] I gots, nuthin to lose, I'm on the run like The Fugitive My spot kinda hot, so I can't go where I used to live Me and P ridin dirty, in the Yukon Bout to get caught in due time, different place every state a new crime Grab a ski mask and two nines, say money make the world go round from out between the knocks I lets em in Can't lose, gotta win, false move, end up in the pen How many I kill goin for the cash Dude, I gotta do it for the stash Fill the getaway car up with gas, with the smash Whatever we make, P, we goin in half A nigga sex money and greed, costs of livin lavish Hey I'ma get ya for what you got If you ain't got it, act like you don't have it I grab my gun before I grab my shoes Everything on the line, so I can't lose Man, look, you know Silkk, you know I'm bout to act a fool So I'm a be gon away like a breeze Run through like, all type of trees I ain't gon stop til the cops say freeze, I can't lose [Master P] I got nuthin to lose Pass me a ski mask, a glock, and my tennis shoes Chorus [Mercedez] We're in it deep, and we're in it to win it (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) In other words, there ain't no stoppin No Limit (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) Master P, Mercedez, T-R-U (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) After them, dead presidents, cause we have nuthin to lose  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) [C-Murder] Little bro (Whattup?) Check this out (Whoa) I ain't walk around with that fool (Why, what happened to that youngsta?) Man but Will had it comin, ya heard me? (no) He had it comin, bro (no) You know what I'm sayin, what happenin? (Holla at ya people) I wasn't even high, though, I wasn't high (no) Some kinda way, knowhatI'msayin? I'ma get mine (I'm fo sho gon get it) Gotta pay the bills, bro (Huh, bro?) I gotta get them meals, you know what I'm sayin? Fo' scheeze (Whoa, now) I ain't got nuthin to lose (Huh, bro?) Got what? Everything to gain, you know what I'm sayin? (Oh, gots to have that there) Bro, ghetto got me crazy (I feed them children) Dead, I'm on the run (Huh, bro?) nut I gotta gun Man, me and Dead Joe, down here actin a donkey (Huh, bro?) Actin bad, hit three licks today, Third Ward style (uh-huh) Like P say, I gotta get my cornbread (ohh) cabbage, and my greens (Oh... oh we gots to get that there) Yeah you know I'm Tru to this, I mean really, in other words I ain't got nuttin to lose, ya heard me? (Say that then) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU (Big Ed, Silkk) Album: West Coast Bad Boyz: Another Level of the Game Song: Would You Take a Bullet for Your Homie Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com [Big Ed] Most fools be tripping swaring that they got your back But so so funk sure they running faster then Flo Jo Like a hoe and now his boy is like hung out, strung out Shots rang out, the jackers left him laid out Now you decide to come back after them fools leave Scream your boys name, tugging on his buddies sleeve [Silkk] Couldn't understand it, took it for granted, left for gone when he paniced You can hear his mom cry as his body hit the canvas A six tre rolled up with the lights dim Then he broke, in his voice bullet meant for him Suckers be bouncin when the funk flow But if you rolling with me there's one thing that I gots to know Chorus [King George] Would you take a bullet for your homie [Master P] I got trust up in myself cause most these fools are living phony x2 [Big Ed] The B-I-G E-D is going out like a G And my partners behind the triggers are on the side of me So if it falls out, brothers I'm going all out So tell my mom I love her if the game takes me out Cause I'm real for the TRU My love is running deep for the family I would die for you Big Ed is scared of dying yo that's sorta true But I would rather die then to let somebody kill you Cause I know my nino be singing busting caps on nizzide Tizzide, homocide on them bustas be the only thing that will make me feel all right I'm down to go I know these suckas are aiming for my chest Be aware of my Smith and his partner Wes But if I'm gone G I guess I have to go G Just pour some liquor on the curb and remember me The B-I-G E-D, the real O.G. The ace that laid down and took a bullet for his homie Chorus x3 [Silkk] Would you take a bullet now let's just face the facts There may be consiquences, uh, and you may not be coming back So before all that on the line think about them times And if the bullet was for me would you take mine And for my homies, we drank, threw up, grew up and played together We goin die, we goin get shot but we goin stay together Alpine and gin as I reminisce on my ace duce A real G that laid it all down for his crew I could still see it just as plain as day Lying in the street before we die that what he said Told me to stay strong and give his mom a kiss RIP, definately goin be missed So for all my homies I did dirt and put in work I'll take a bullet for you homie even though it'll hurt Chorus x2 [Big Ed] Silkk would you die for me I'd die for you fool Lay it all down for the T-R-U crew That's how it's gonna be [Silkk] No that's how it's gotta be I got love for my folks because my folks got love for me A G, see, the youngest in the crew My tatoo across my stomach got T-R-U When I'm rollin up on them B's with my G's I'm never tripping [Big Ed] Big Ed is on your side with that nine [Silkk] And the pippen [Big Ed] The kamakaze, these suckers really don't know me, the O.G. Rolling with King George, Cally G, and Master P And uh, C-Murder, Silkk, the real untouchables Down to die for all but much quicker to bust a hoe Now you know that's fa sho are you a real G [Silkk] You say you a kill but would you take a bullet for your homie Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU Album: West Coast Bad Boyz II Song: Bad Boyz On a Mission Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Master P talking] Ta dow, ya heard me, ugh We motherfuckin' West Coast bound motherfucker It's on and bangin' down here, this the real deal Get down, y'all better believe that We tryin' to make a dollar out of fifteen cents Toast to the best coast nigga All bout that motherfuckin' green [Hook x2: Master P] West Coast mobbin' ta dow From the Bay to L.A. bad boys on a mission ta dow [Master P] It's goin' down like Celly Cel, coppers on my coattails Got bitches lined up from California to Oakdale My game be like spiffin' but niggas they be like quick wit But if you wasn't a hater nigga you'd pick up on this ghetto shit Cause I be like gangsta about life Niggas that stay on the Southside I got niggas that roll true on south hide Bout it in my motherfuckin' mind Cause the game be wicked, spring niggas that want them chickens But I got a four for five Me and my lil' brother kickin' it on the corner with G's niggas Y'all mad, haters get had Put niggas in a body bag, y'all niggas didn't think fast Killer, murder from the Down South to that West Coast And believe it they got the best coast Think I'm goin' too fast, nigga adjust to me rappin' slow Oh it's cool, niggas know dues I paid my motherfuckin' dues, I'm five hundred thousand strong fool I be sendin' to the Southside to the Westside to the Eastside To the motherfuckin' best side Don't give a fuck I'm all about killer hoochie ride They, niggas that murder They slang ain't no bang Out the palm tree, me and my nigga on the corner slangin' them things I'm that scrilla cat, I'm on a paper chase, I'm bout that money makin' Y'all better recognize No Limit motherfucker We runnin' this shit from the Westside to the Hill Motherfucker we about that motherfuckin' scrilla, scratch, paper Nigga on that chase, tryin' to get that money Motherfucker run up and ya get maced Independent, black-owner TRU across my stomach Made this shit slangin' ice cream Motherfuckers that I made this off of drug money [Hook x2] [Silkk the Shocker] Give me two guns Willie, quick to slap ya silly While I'm smokin' my Philly, four killers behind the building Ready to peel ya Cap like a Coke ain't no joke when I'm never ridin' solo Four-four out the door, front back side-to-side in a six-four I bang like I slang, I slang like I bang Four killers ridin' Cut, ridin' up on ya thangs Nigga, I'm not from Louisville but I be sluggin' Nigga I ain't Pac but I be thuggin' I got something for all you busters who be muggin' I creeps when I crawl, I crawls when I creep It's gettin' kind of deep, Silkk keep the heat up on my seat Cause most niggas lay dead in a graveyard I steal more than baseball West Coast hustler, Richmond, California drug lord [Hook x2] [Big Ed] Bang to the boogie, boogie to the got damn bang TRU be my click, West Coast bad boys be a G thang Big Ed be puttin' it down, I be hangin' em' I got more rebels down with me than Jerry Tarkanian From Comp to Quinton picture this born to be ballin' ass nigga I mob deep but I'm straight up West Coast representin' I stay floss mode like dental Watch me roll through, top down in ya residential I swoop a honey, motel hotel Scratches on my back cause I got more dick than Vitale My No Limit affiliated be givin' me dap Cause we got these hoes on our nuts like jock straps Perhaps you've heard of this Richmond playa Ho layer, infrared sprayer, in this game major Hate to see that click and they be fearin' it But hoes see me and I bring joy like a week late period So nigga what's happenin' Step to this crew and we bust cause it ain't about rappin' It's Big Ed from the TRU and don't forget that West Coast bad boys, on a miz-ack [Hook x2] [Master P talking] Ta dow, ta dow, ta dow, ta dow Ha ha, motherfuckin' West Coast bad boys, Westside TRU, puttin' it down on this side This dedicated to everybody from RBL Richmond, California to the motherfuckin' Hills To L.A. to San Diego to Frisco Fresno, Watts to Oakland, Inglewood Oakdale, Sacramento, Palm Beach What's up Cube nigga, W.C. Mack 10 E-40, C Bo, motherfuckin' Spice 1 4-Tay, Too Short, Dr. Dre Whole TRU click, JT the Bigga Figga Master P, Lil' Rick, 2Pac All my niggas Down South hustlin' And all the motherfuckin' real niggas on the West Coast The best coast, toast to the best coast Cause it's on for the nine scrilla then some Believe that, that nigga Eazy-E rest in peace To all y'all other playas on the Westside Ta dow, ta dow, ta dow, ta dow Westside Ta dow, ta dow fuck y'all haters Ta dow, ta dow on every side Ta dow, part two Ta dow, ta dow ugh Westide Belive that, ta dow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X f/ TRU (Master P, C-Murder, Silkk) Album: Unlady Like Song: 4ever TRU [Mia X] 1, 2, T-R-U, and Mia X, the biggest mamma.  Click tight, for life, family ties.  That's right. It's bigger than this record shit, nigga.  All for one and one for all, that's how we ball. TRU, forever, that's my family We be's on top the cheddar pile Wet you up like the Nile Enemies bleed in wartime, illicit rhymes  Illustrated crimes, pucker up, kiss my 9 Mia's kid sister, buckin misters and misses for figures Trick ya, we set ya up and then we get ya It's the biggest mamma showin love to my sons and brothers And we gon blow the roof right off this muthafucka For the niggaz ridin with this TRU click, it ain't No Limit To my loyalty and strong arm authority Admit it, I'm finna show day to day soap opera Downtown hoes unload when the ??? choppers knock ya Head off in a split, put ya lips Around this plastic dick, a Kodak moment For this click, I don't mind dyin, takin a stand In line, while bustin my 9 I'm tryin to show you through my verbal demonstration We ain't bout fakin We bringin home the cheese, greens, and the bacon Takin no shorts and nothing that'll do I'm representin, boo, mamma's 4ever TRU Chorus (4X) I be's a TRU nigga till I'm dead (we bout it, bout it) 	   TRU soldiers ready to die (and rowdy, rowdy) [Master P] Put one in the chamber or that plastic glock I'm on the grind, that 3rd Ward, Calliope, pushin rocks Gon off dolja, a No Limit soldier Got love for killas and dealas and I told ya But my homegirl is hella hard Nigga, Master P, Silkk, Mia X, livin large Gangbangin on this dope set Smoke any nigga, bitch a click, like a cigarette Now that's one to grow on If you still bout it, bout it, muthafucka, bring yo bitch ass on Cause we be bout killin, bout murder Puttin muthafuckas in six feet girdles Hustlin hard to pay the rent Mamma cryin cause I know this don't make no fuckin sense But I gotta clock cheese, to get my Gs To stake my keys, to make OZs Work in the project An expedition in the house, note them pesos, we slang crack TRU niggaz stick together cause we ballin One for all, if we fallin Chorus (4X) [C-Murder] I'm tatooed up (No Limit) and TRU to the game Steady mobb'n, you muthafuckas know my name Down for whatever at the drop of a dime With my TRU niggaz cautious on my rhyme, pick up my 9 Like that, but we be comin like this Don't fuck with this click or ya might get lynched Have your mama at the funeral, tissues, weepin Due to the fact you got caught up in a street sweepin No hesitation, you layin a stank C-Murder will kill for any TRU soldier wearin a tank We stick together like crazy glue Ya'll read about the hatas tryin to infiltrate my fickin crew Bow down, and give No Lomit it's props Gangsta rap pays the bills, sellin tapes, stopped sellin rocks Breakin bread with muthafuckin ballas P, C, Silkk, and Mia X, TRU shot callers They asked me would take a bullet for ya homie Ready to die for any stomach with a TRU tatoo on it Get more support than a city after a hurricane Radios and videos, now everybody know my name We be ballin like the Dream Team in my crew No Limit for life, and always 4ever TRU Chorus (3X) [Silkk] 4ever muthafuckin TRU, thought ya knew Nigga, it's a must, it's a trust If ya tell me what aim, I'm a bust See one by one, niggaz doin shows month by month We ain't nothin nice TRU niggaz roll tight like fuckin blunts Fuck them bustas that lookin for us Nigga, we ain't hard to find Fuck em, hidin, I'm probably makin a 500 SEL With my convertible top down And my cellular phone just ridin Mia told me, represent Watch out for niggas who muthafuckin phonies Would you take a bullet for the president? Nah, but I'd take a bullet for my TRU homie I thought you knew, homie Ya'll rappers tryin to be drug dealas and killas We killas and drugs dealas turned rappers Everything I know Been got in for murder to muthafuckin kidnappin Ya'll mad cause we hustle, ya'll ain't Ya'll mad cause ya'll can't stack bank I'm actin bad for the tank Ya'll do what ya'll could, I'll do what ya'll can't Nigga get game, I smoke that ass just like dank For everytime I'm puttin in work, add stripes to my rank Nigga, we TRU fuckin soldiers, willin, I betcha Nigga, if ya ball, I'm there for ya, if ya fall I'm gon catch ya Cause I'm gon put it down for all my hustlas Who be nationwide ballin TRU niggaz ain't fallin, we callin From California to New Orleans Turn my back on my soldiers is somethin I'll never do Silkk the Shocker, take my tatoo, I'm 4ever TRU Chorus and fade (I thought you knew, Mia X, C-Murder, Master P, Silkk the Shocker 4ever TRU, 4ever TRU, TRU, TRU, TRU...) 