The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: The Southern Way Song: Cocaine in the Back of the Ride Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, kirenamloh@msn.com [Note: This version has additional lines in Bun B's verse] [Pimp C] Pimp C bitch! So what the fuck is up? Step wrong nigga and I'll take ya fuckin nuts! Got mo' dope than a pharmacy ho Got a job for the city bitch I'm shovelin snow South Texas motherfucker that's where I stay Gettin pussy from these bitches every god damn day Kick it with a trill nigga so you best not trip Bought the Caddy crossed the pier and kicked to Ganksta Nip Southern weight, get it straight, fuck them 20's and 10's Only love my fuckin momma no she {?} her friends Motherfucker either down or the motherfucker ain't And if ya bitch-ass ain't, then ya dick is in the paint If ya gal look fine you better hide the bitch Cause if I find her I'ma fuckin make her suck my dick That dope for your momma and your sister too And if I'm locked down then tell that shit might go for you Don't try to get no false nuts, I take 'em sucker Fuckin 'round with C you'll be a dead motherfucker Nigga only 17 but I'm runnin the show Sellin dope from Louisiana down to El Segundo, ha! I think it's only fair that I should knock on wood Cause my bitch is on the street, pussy sell real good And all my ho know not to trip, bitch fuck pitty I'll take out my nine and shoot ya in ya fuckin titty Hoe niggaz forty-five tryin to, get with me Sellin fifty dollar slabs as I'm slangin them ki's If you need to get some powder I'm fully supplied I got the, cocaine in the back of the ride, motherfucker! [Chorus: repeat 8X w/ variations] Cocaine in the back of the ride (Yeeeeeah, motherfucker!) [Bun B] Aiyyo it's Bun B bitch, and I'm the king of the hubba trade Pockets fat as fuck from all the ducats the brother made Hoes like to jock, but see I try to contain 'em They droppin them drawers because I move they cocaine in But I just laugh, cause pussy games be triflin The legs get spread, I cut that ass like a knife then bust a nut on her stomach, wash my dick in the sink And buy a 40 at the store, from the god damn chink Dope games keep ya SICK, just like a disease Movin ki's makin G's, hoes drop to they knees Little kids on the corner, steady grabbin they nuts sayin, "I wish I was Bun when I grow the fuck up" Baby blue Riviera, Dayton and laced rims Khaki pants, black sweater with the U.G.K. brim Black gat fully loaded nigga come with respect Step up the wrong way I'll break yo' god damn neck Big dick in my drawers, the niggaz from down South Down to put a twelve gauge in yo' god damn mouth! Think I'm playin bitch try me, it ain't no thang Put them hands up bitch, and kiss this god damn ring Cause I move tons of dope, twenty-four hours a day Cocaine from Argentina to the 'Frisco bay DEA try to stop me yo, but they shit ain't cold Cause the nigga's got politicians on the Big Tyme payroll Narcotic agents wearin cement shoes Reported missin on the news, they singin the blues! And if my money get fucked, I'll let it slide It's just some mo' cocaine in the back of the ride, bitch! {*Curtis Mayfield sample plays briefly*} [Pimp C - Outro] Yo, I wanna send this shit out to them motherfuckers  in 3A sellin that dope South Texas in the house, on the behalf of myself Bun B, Big Tyme Records, and we outta here... "Cocaine in the back of the ride" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: The Southern Way Song: Something Good * Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - This version is the uncensored and UNCUT version [Pimp C] One motherfucker, two motherfuckers Three motherfuckers, fo' - wanna squab with me over they, motherfuckin hoe Tell 'em like this, ya better get up off my dick nigga! Befo' you have to deal wit my motherfuckin trigger I don't figure that it's worth all that, G Gettin yo' ass shot, cause ya bitch gave me the pussy Don't it feel funny when you go down ta eat her knowin that you suckin on another nigga's peter And when ya get a kiss, do ya feel bliss knowin that ya swallowed all that semen and that piss? You wanna step to me but I don't really think ya should I shoulda kicked yo' ass instead I told ya somethin good, bitch! [Chorus: sampled from Chaka Khan & Rufus' "Something Good"] TELL me something GOOD (Ohhh, baby, baby, baby yeah) TELL me something GOOD (Oh yeaaaaah...yeah) Tell-TELL me something GOOD (Ohhhhhhh-HOO!, tell me, tell me...) TELL me something GOOD (Ohhh, baby, baby, baby yeah) [Bun B] Fo' motherfucker, three motherfucker Two motherfucker, one - get a fuckin gun, cause it's fuckin Bun Ain't no hoe shit, I'm packin that lead Nine pointed at yo' head, I guess you know yo' ass is dead You bought yo' boys like you wanted to squab But instead of a fist, I let my gat do the job Now I don't know what time you be livin in But fuck a fight, I bet my gun'll have you givin in Wanna pull a knife when my .45 is cocked back A bullet in yo' ass, I bet yo' bitch'll jock that ..Now you on your deathbed and cain't even hum right But that's what you get for bringin hands to a gun fight (Ohhhhhhh-HOO!) [Pimp C] Niggaz nowadays got a habit that they really need to quit Gettin they ass kicked over a skank ass bitch You need to check ya hoe and ya need to check her fast Cause if you know like me, you would drop her fuckin ass But I ain't bout to fuck her, cause I'm scared of that disease Cause she's passin' out the ass like government cheese But not me nigga, cause Pimp C wanna live Have you had yo' test? Are you H-I positive? But instead of gettin checked you wanna fuck with me You need to be lookin for a fuckin MD! But if you don't step, I'ma draw on ya fast And pump off lead like dash in yo' ass I didn't do fuck ya girl but your sister pussy tight Fucked her to my homeboy's Caddy last night She sucked my dick, I bust a nut in her throat and she didn't take it out, and she didn't even choke I fucked her doggystyle and the bitch just THREW ME Turned me on my stomach, started lickin out\\n my BOOTY Now everybody in the hood know that your sister lick a booty real good, hehhahaha! [Chorus 1/2] [Bun B] Now brothers need to get they shit straight These lyrics that I'm stressin goin farther than this tape It just ain't a song, motherfucker, it's the real! If yo' ass ain't trill, BITCH, you shuffled in the deal See, I tell the shit like I see it You open up ya nuts and I'ma knee it if you don't like it, so be it I learn how to walk, I learn how to run I learn how to squab and then I bought a fuckin gun And now I got an attitude adjuster - a nine wit a sixteen shot clip and I'm ready to bust ya Lips get swoller, the punks get rolled-up Them niggaz get shot, and UGK STILL hold nuts Raised on the streets, and yo I never said I wasn't The hookers are the nieces, the fiends are my cousins The dealers are my brothers, so FUCK you, hoe! I thank my family for my 'Lac, wit the trues and Vogues Cause I can remember when I was back at ?Wentrel? A little BAD nigga that was up to no good, yo I told a nigga, "Fuck you!" and couldn't even back it up then fucked around and got smacked up So I got my boys and we beat that ass down Threw him off to Sea World, and watched his ass drown Niggaz knew who did it, but what could they say? Not only got my crew, I got my nine and my AK and I'ma roll the streets, any-fuckin-way I want to and if you think you the shit, nigga I want you I keep my dope, my hoes, and my motherfuckin hood to my side, so FUCK sayin somethin good!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: The Southern Way Song: Use Me Up Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [NOTE: This version is more uncut than the "Too Hard for Swallow" version] [Pimp C] I got a girl that tastes better than Cisco She ain't gotta worry 'cause Pimp C is a private hoe All my niggaz say that she usin me But she give me more vagina than a tampon, G See I ain't never gave no chick fo' stars But the dugout is so good that she be drivin my car and everyday it get better, I cain't lie I ate the pussy and it taste like hot potato pie All my friends be sayin, "She ain't nothin but a trick" But the girl got a PhD, in suckin dick So I, let her suck and I give her them ducats I'm a special kind of fool and I know it, but aiyyo fuck it! I cain't help myself, I think with my bone Fuck my dome, I just cain't leave the bitch alone So everytime she ask me for my, credit card You know she get it cause ya know that my, dick on hard I used to be the fucka, now I'm gettin fucked I used to be the wrecka, but now my truck is gettin stuck Why I let her play me? You cain't figga So sit'cha ass down and just listen to my nigga... [Chorus - Bill Withers sampled from "Use Me Up"] I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news that if it feels this good gettin used Oh, you can just keep usin me... Until you use me up... (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up... (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up... (WHOO-WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up... (WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) (WHOO-WHOOOOOO!!!! Fuck up to me daddy!!) Until you use me up... [Pimp C] Her pussy ain't nuttin but meat on a bone, nigga Huh! - I guess you ain't seen my bitch nigga She could make the Pope wanna fuck Make a schoolboy jack off his dick, until he nut She fucked me so hard 'til I, hurt my back So I'm passin out them duckets and them, croka sacks And everybody wonderin why I smile all day All the girls wanna know why I don't give 'em the play My ol' girl called me, axe me why I'm trippin and shit I said, "'Cause yo' pussy ain't better than my new bitch" I cain't get enough, the bad got me stuck I give her all my money and she give me right to nut and I'm like, "I gotta get my shit back on track" But my dick keep tellin me to bring my ass back! Why I let her play me? You cain't figga So I guess you better listen up to my nigga... [Chrous] {sample} I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news that if it feels this good gettin used Oh, you can just keep usin me... Until you use me up... [Pimp C] To sum it all up, I'm a fiend for the pussy hole 'Cause she be gettin goodies, leather jackets, and fly gold I be gettin bills, and stubs from checks I work all day, just to spend it on sex But all that really matters is I'm happy... and I be happy long as I be get the nappy - dugout Peace out, and plenty of luck and she could keep usin Pimp C - uh, just a use me up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Banned Song: Intro Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [sample repeated many times during song] "Ya muthafuckin right" "Cause where I'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas" [Mitch] Aiyyo Bun, there's a lotta niggaz out there that's dissin Big Tyme and U.G.K. man But them motherfuckers don't know where we come from or where we did it But you know what I want you to do, tell 'em where you from! [Bun B] Niggaz always askin what the fuck do trill stand for? Trill mean if you ain't my nigga, what you shakin my hand for? Trill mean if you ain't my bitch, don't sit on my lap And if you ain't from P.A.T., nigga keep ya strap The trill drink Olde E., out on 7th Street in Texas Drive a 'Lac, or a Buick, motherfuck a Lexus! Trill niggaz got the big nuts and big dicks So what they hittin fo', fool? Roll that 4-5-6 Either wearin Dickies or they sportin Hi Fashion Sellin dope and hatin doin {?} wit a passion Laws on the creep, so look for the nine twice I bail to the shackle five-oh-three and roll some dice Trill niggaz hit the car wash and make 'em shine You better watch yo' ass when you see the 99 The trill niggaz only hit the streets when it's the night At Circle K.R. Churches, to see who wanna fight We don't take to new faces, quit airin P.A.T. You cain't just runnin talkin 'bout - "Aiyyo, wassup G?!" Why you pullin out you hand? I'm pullin out my gat Catch a blast muthafucka, you don't know where you at Cause see now P.A.T. don't stand for "Punk Ass Tricks" It's "Pullin All Triggers" and we pull them hoes quick You talkin to a nigga wit trigger-finger twitch If you ain't from P.A.T., I'm unloadin on you bitch! Ain't no punks where I'm from! "Ya muthafuckin right" "Cause where I'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas" [Bun B] Yeah, ain't no punks where I'm from "Ya muthafuckin right" "Cause where I'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas" [Bun B] Yeah, ain't no punks where I'm from "Ya muthafuckin right" "Cause where I'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas" [Bun B] Bitch, ain't no punks where I'm from! "Ya muthafuckin right" "Cause where I'm from nigga, house some motherfuckin killas" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Something Good (Extended Version) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C] One wit a trigger, two wit a bat Three big brothers, fo' - wanna squab with me  so I guess a brother gotta throw Tell 'em like this, ya better get up out my camp dude Befo' I have to pull my gat and get, real rude I don't figure that it's worth gettin hurt Just 'cause ya gal wanna give me that skirt Bet it feels funny when ya doin 69 Knowin that ya sippin on all my jimmy wine And when ya get a kiss, do ya feel bad knowin that ya swallowed all the skeeter that I had? You wanna step to me but I don't really think ya should I shoulda shot you up instead I told ya somethin good [Chorus: sampled from Chaka Khan & Rufus' "Something Good"] TELL me something GOOD (Ohhh, baby, baby, baby yeah) TELL me something GOOD (Oh yeaaaaah...yeah) Tell-TELL me something GOOD (Ohhhhhhh-HOO!, tell me, tell me...) TELL me something GOOD (Ohhh, baby, baby, baby yeah) [Bun B] Aiyyo, what's up with that bulge in ya khakis? You wanna pack a gat, but you STILL ain't got the pull to come and jack me You betta bring a gangload of homies when you think you wanna throw Cause by yourself, you're runnin to the flo' I seen your kind befo', man ya nothin with your hands More than a punk but still less than a man You talk a lot of nothin when ya chillin with the ladies Let me catch ya by yourself, you're pushin up some daisies See crazy you wanna be, but punks with no heart, they ain't hard  They just waitin for Bun to pull they card You betta keep your weak self locked in ya hood Cause without your boys I'ma have to tell ya somethin good (Ohhhhhhh-HOO!) [Pimp C] Brothers nowadays got a habit that they really need to stop Gettin all shot over a girl that I done popped You need to check ya girl and what she did in the past Cause if you know like me, you would drop her REAL fast But I don't trust the dugout, cause I'm scared of that disease Cause she's passin' out the skinz like government cheese But not me player, cause Pimp C wanna live Have you had your test? Are you H-I positive? But instead of gettin checked you wanna fight with me You need to check ya blood and let somebody check your skeet But if you don't step, I'ma drop on ya fast And pump off bullets like government cash I didn't do ya girl but your sister was alright Took her to my homeboy's Caddy last night (*girl moaning in the background*) She waxed my jimmy, and then the little street tramp  did me on a box of tens and a Pioneer amp  I hit it from the back, and the girl just THREW ME Told me, "Pump it harder," and she scratched me on my BOOTY Now everybody in the world know that your sister is a nasty lil' girl [Chorus 1/2] [Bun B] Let's talk about these half-n-half punks By day they sorry bastards, at night they talkin bout, poppin trunks But a .25 cain't keep you alive from a sawed-off, fool so I hope you survive See bluffin might save ya tail one day but who's ta say, it won't catch ya next week, on the runway? You might shoot a few shots in the wind But the same time tomorrow, you'll be runnin again Now can you keep it up, every damn night? You steady runnin to the argument but runnin from the fight What's the deal man? Why don't you take your Raiders cap off? Cause one of these days, you gonna getcha head slapped off You cain't keep a crew cause they gettin sick of seein you bail Like a punk'll hit the backstreet trail And the women don't like you cause ya act like them and that's why your little jimmy never went fo' a swim Ya talk about slangin, makin G's But I saw a fiend chase ya from, BJ's up to Mickey D's Now everyday punks get took Either for they dough, they'll ride 'em for the powder that they cook You bookin from the scene cause ya couldn't hold ya own A 40 ounce bottle slams, ya dead to your dome Now you want revenge, so ya get your automatic Find a group of hard-heads, and startin kickin static Ya pulled ya little chrome but these fools got gats Try to run and caught two buckshots in ya back Now you nothin but a memory that's gone in a slayin So when I tell you somethin good, punk I don't be playin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Use Me Up Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C] I got a girl and she treat me fine But the homies all think that I'm losin my mind I'm trippin and I know it cause I'm all nerved up cause everytime I go to sleep, I see this big ol' butt See I ain't never gave no chick fo' stars But she treat me so good that she be drivin my car and everyday it get better, I cain't lie Went to the house and she made me some hot potato pie All my friends be sayin, "She ain't nothin but a scrub" But she make me feel high like I'm, hooked on drugs So I give her what she need, and what's done is done But I'm a special kind of fool but aiyyo it don't bother me none I cain't help myself, I know that I'm trippin But she got it goin on like Kentucky Fried Chicken So everytime she ask me for my, credit card You know she get it cause ya know that... (Chill, C) I know, G I used to be the playa, now I'm gettin pimped I used to be hard, now I'm livin aw'lll limp Why I let her play me? You cain't understand! So sit yourself down and just listen to my man... [Chorus - Bill Withers sampled from "Use Me Up"] I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news that if it feels this good gettin used Oh, you can just keep usin me... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up. [Pimp C] I been to the mountain top, and down to the valley low Went to Austin with 3-2 and STILL ain't find no finer hoe Not much no finer girl, but one that treat me so sweet Rub my back, when I'm so' and cook me somethin good to eat She worked me so hard 'til I, hurt my back So I'm passin out them duckets and them, croka sacks And everybody wonderin why I smile all day All the girls wanna know why I won't give 'em the play My ol' girl called me, axe me why I wanna dis her I told her cause her lovin ain't better than her sister I cain't get enough, the bad got me stuck I give her all my money and she always do me up Bun say I'm trippin out, and Byrd say I'm trippin, too But this time I just cain't LISTEN to my whole crew Cause back in the day, I vowed to never change my pimp game But '92 came around, and thangs go in-sane I gotta get my thang back on track But the mo' I try to stay away, the mo' I comes back Why I let her play me? You cain't understand! So sit yourself down and just listen to my man... [Chorus 2 - Bill Withers sampled from "Use Me Up"]  I-yi-yi-yi-I, said brother, if you only knew You'd wish that you were in my shoes You just keep usin me.... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up... Until you use me up. I-yi-yi-yi-I, wanna spread the news that if it feels this good gettin used Oh, you can just keep usin me... Until you use me up... [Pimp C] To sum it all up, I'm breakin ALL my rules Cause she got me droppin off her little brother to school I be gettin bills, and stubs from checks I work all day, just to spend it on sex But all that really matters is I'm happy, dude and I be happy long as I get good soul food UGK sayin peace out, and plenty of luck and she could keep usin Pimp C - uh, just a use me up! [Bill Withers - Outro] (Pimp C) Ah-hah well oh, BA-BY, BA-BY, BA-BY (Yeah, a-just use me up) BA-BY, ah-hah well oh (Uh, a-just use me up) BA-BY, BA-BY, BA-BY (Yeah, a-just use me up) BA-BY, ah-hah well oh (Uh, a-just use me up) BA-BY, BA-BY, BA-BY (Yeah, a-just use me up) BA-BY, ah-hah well oh (Uh, a-just use me up) BA-BY, BA-BY, BA-BY (Yeah, a-just use me up) BA-BY, ah-hah well oh (Peace out for '92, in the nine-tres) [singing continues til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Pocket Full of Stones * Typed by: OHHLA.com * originally appeared on the Menace II Society soundtrack (Bun B) When I first started back in 1989 I wasn't movin keys I barely movin dimes Started comin up fiends recognize my face Started payin off the laws so I wouldn't catch a case You wanna freebase I got them hovers for your ass You get high as a kite and you feel a megablast cash movin stacks, then they came to piles And then them fiends started hittin crack viles (Pimp C) Back in the days they used to run up sayin Pimp C what ya know? I tell em get this crack and get the fuckawayfrommehoe! Cause everywhere I went it became an instant cut Cause they knew I cut them twentys and them big fat monkey nuts A fiend gon' be a fiend, but you can't change they ass I guess take a Brilo pad to the chest now they won't leave me alone cause they know I got a whole pocket full of stones  Chorus: I gotta pocket full of stones I gotta pocket full of stones I gotta pocket full of stones And they won't leave my ass alone (Pimp C) I bought a Cadillac brought it to a street top Started me a family and started pushin crack rock Rock crack sho ain't good in the city that  Had a fuckin hoe for every letter in the alphabet Annie and Brenda, Carla and Dee And a whole lot a fiends that used to suck my dick for free (Bun B) Now what did C? I bought my first key from my babymommabrutha I cooked it up myself and started passin out them hovers Everybody in my faaamly was clockin loot Sold my cadillac and bought a lexus sports coupe I gotta house on the hill gotta boat on the lake Gotta a detail shop to cover up them duckets that I make It's to the point where I don't see dope no more Still smoke weed still drink beer and toke Now all them laws won't leave me alone Cause they know all my niggas got a pocket full of stones Chorus (Bun B) Livin real smooth like Aloe Vera lotion I'm sellin crack rock, the devil's love potion Three wheel motion on my buick park ave Fiends used to smoke twenties, now they smokin slabs Paid like a muthafucka clientel is growin It's gettin so bad I got pregnant fiends hoin suck a dick and lick an ass just to get a pump fuck Black Caesar niggaz call me Black Trump Pistol Grip pump in my lap at all times Niggaz fuck wit other niggaz shit but they don't fuck wit mine Got my money totalled for a big time pass 17-5 I gotta bird on they ass I put my boys down so they wouldn't have to rob Now my click is comin up like the fuckin mob My workers got workers everybody makin green gettin cash for puttin stones in the pockets of the fiends Chorus (Bun B) Business boomin daily, my product sellin fast me and my nigga C is makin money out the ass This shit is gettin silly dope is so easy to sell Pay everybody bail ain't no spendin time in jail I gotta make the sales cause it's all about that green Mo worker mo workers, my face ain't on the scene My attitude is mean cause I keepin my respect Ain't nobody out of line cause I got em all in check I broke a cops neck cause he step outta place Dead pig, murder 1 now I got time to face The judge that sent me got capped by my nigga C And now his ass is sent up the river next to me Four years pass and we back on the shoulder Cut a fifty up into a nice fat boulder Cut it to a nice fat pile of hover tens Gotta pocket full of stones startin all over again!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) f/ Blue Light Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Short Texas Typed by: paul4493@hotmail.com [Bun B] Ay yo, welcome to the world of S-H-O-R-T Texas where them trill ass niggas be livin naughty Rollin' up ho's like turtles in half a shell Open up my trunk and let's see what I have to sell I got the dope, if you ho's got the paper And if you a faker then you'll meet your fuckin maker Cause I ain't takin no shit on my guts The UGK posse got the big big nuts Yo, so who's a bold bitch? Try to make a sale, You betta bail before they find you in a ditch This dope ain't yo dope and these cuts and yo cuts Yo, but this is my 12 Gauge in your muthafuckin guts Don't make me pump this bitch and unload Beat your feet muthafucka, hit the muthafuckin road And don't even try to come back nigga yo Cause me Dre and C got fingers on a fat trigger We making too much money moving weight And before you hit my cuts, you better get your shit straight Cause it ain't safe to just try and show your ass up Street sweeper booming cold blow your ass up And ain't nobody scared to blast We pull them triggers fast And then we bailing on your bitch ass But if your shit is legit, then you can join my crew U.S.T. graduating class of '92 in Short Texas [Blue Light] Niggas on the track dropping shit about T-X As long as there's fiends that's them tax free dope checks Young muthafuckas at the age of 16 Cooking up some yayo for the local drug king The market's not open so they call it closed circuit Short Short Texas watch them hard thugs work it 5-0's on the scene make the all time drug bust Out next week slangin some more white dust Real, oh so trill, the life's no glamour At the end of my time is spent in the slammer Fuckin up shit with the 9 inch chrome So all you scary got-it-good young-ass bitches stay home And if you get picked up by the laws Don't cry cause it's for a lost cause Clientele, ounce of yayo, in jail make bail From longs to short, it's constant dope sales Stupid muthafuckas smoking dummies and noids in jail On U.S.T., Crack University Home of the Fightin Fiends, the streets reimburse me Cops finding my stash, yo what could the worst be Through so going undercover then turnin dirty Bitch, I'm dead and swole in a ditch Just the other day, a fiend in your Lexus Calling my name Blue Light, I'm Short Texas [Pimp C] I don't give a fuck who you be! You ain't bout to sell no fuckin dope in P.A.T. You could be Tony Montana in this bitch Have a boat load of dope, but you still ain't selling shit Cause we don't know your face so I don’t really figure We gon let you come up and sell dope in Texas nigga See you don't understand, it's our muthafuckin cuts So step in, like I said before, we'll take them muthafuckin nuts Ask the last nigga brought his fuckin ass down Trying to sell that fuckin dope he bought in H-Town Couldn't sell in Houston, so I guess he figured I'mma go to Port Arthur and run them fuckin niggas Brought his fuckin gun, guess he should've bust So they took his shit and put his dick in the dust Stupid ass nigga had the nerve to come back Rolling on the cuts in his white Cadillac Got to the block and the guns just exploded Shot his car up with the 9, and the clip that he unloaded Sent the nigga home to his momma like a ho They jacked all his money and they stole all his dope Can't be trill in the villa of the trillest Cause where I'm from nigga house some muthafuckin killers So have your shit attached, before you come check us Pimp C, bitch, P.A. home, Short Texas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Cocaine in the Back of the Ride Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pimp C] Pimp C bitch! So what the fuck is up? Step wrong nigga and I'll take ya fuckin nuts! Got mo' dope than a pharmacy ho Got a job for the city bitch I'm shovelin snow South Texas motherfucker that's where I stay Gettin pussy from these bitches every god damn day Kick it with a trill nigga so you best not trip Bought the Caddy crossed the pier and kicked to Ganksta Nip Southern weight, get it straight, fuck them 20's and 10's On the low my fuckin momma knows some (?) Motherfucker either down or the motherfucker ain't And if ya bitch-ass ain't, then ya dick is in the paint If ya gal look fine you better hide the bitch Cause if I find her I'ma fuckin make her suck my dick That dope for your momma and your sister too And if I'm locked down then tell that shit might go for you Don't try to get no false nuts, I take 'em sucker Fuckin 'round with C you'll be a dead motherfucker Nigga only 17 but I'm runnin the show Sellin dope from Louisiana down to El Segundo, ha! I think it's only fair that I should knock on wood Cause my bitch is on the street, pussy sell real good And all my ho know not to trip, bitch fuck petty I'll take out my nine and shoot ya in ya fuckin titty Hoe niggaz forty-five tryin to, get with me Sellin fifty dollar slabs as I'm slangin them ki's If you need to get some powder I'm fully supplied I got the, cocaine in the back of the ride, motherfucker! [Chorus: repeat 8X w/ variations] Cocaine in the back of the ride (Yeeeeeah, motherfucker!) [Bun B] Yeah it's Bun B bitch, and I'm the king of the (?) trade Pockets fat as fuck from all the ducats the brother made Hoes like to jock, but see I try to contain 'em They droppin them drawers because I move they cocaine in But I just laugh, cause pussy games be triflin The legs get spread, I cut that ass like a knife then bust a nut on her stomach, wash my dick in the sink And buy a 40 at the store, from the god damn chink Dope games keep ya SICK, just like a disease Movin ki's makin G's, hoes drop to they knees Little kids on the corner, steady grabbin they nuts sayin, "I wish I was Bun when I grow the fuck up" Baby blue Riviera, Dayton and laced rims Khaki pants, black sweater with the U.G.K. brim Black gat fully loaded nigga come with respect Step up the wrong way I'll break yo' god damn neck Big dick in my drawers, the niggaz from down South Down to put a twelve gauge in yo' god damn mouth! Think I'm playin bitch try me, it ain't no thang Put them hands up bitch, and kiss this god damn ring Cause I move tons of dope, twenty-four hours a day Cocaine from Argentina to the 'Frisco bay DEA try to stop me yo, but they shit ain't cold Cause the nigga's got politicians on the Big Tyme payroll Narcotic agents wearin cement shoes Reported missin on the news, they singin the blues yo Cause if they get my money nigga I'll let it slide Just some mo' cocaine in the back of the ride, bitch! {*Curtis Mayfield sample plays briefly*} "Cocaine in the back of the ride" -> *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) f/ Infinity Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Crampin My Style Typed by: OHHLA.com [Infinity] Well, it's me, the I-N-F-I-N-I-T-Y comin on the m-i-c to let you know that I I'm sick and tired of weak-minded two cents brothas Only out for one thing, and that's to get you undercovers You wanna lick me down, strap me down Think you're gonna toss on me, well I won't be around For you to put wear-and-tear on my body If you know like I know You better go cause I ain't even hottie To tell you the truth, you ain't that major Cause you made a little album and you getting the papers Well, it's my turn and you're catchin the vapors Before you know it, you'll be askin for favors Remember back in PA? When you were constantly jockin and callin my everyday The truth hurts huh, and you won't admit Cause, you're too busy thinking you're the shit YOU'RE CRAMPIN MY STYLE!! [Bun B] Hold up dammit, you got the wrong man I hate to bust your bubble but, I'm down to drop a load, then I'm gone man Ain't with no relationships and suckin on toes I LIKE A ONE NIGHT STAND, JUST KICK IT WITH SOME HOES! You down with that jimmie, then it's on! The 9-2 king of the quickie, so get me then I'm gone Just open up, and you gone get got Ain't no kissin and huggin, I leave you sleepin in the wet spot Let me in it, and let me out Wham bam thank you ma'am, yeah that's what it's all about! And, don't take it personal when I bail on ya Just smoke a cigarette and kick it in the sauna Cause havin me all on ya ain't the lick You're down for a love affair BUT SEE, I'M ONLY DOWN FOR A QUICK STICK! So, check your watch or your clock Cause, I ain't about havin nobody feenin on my jock! YOU'RE CRAMPIN MY STYLE! [Infinity] I got to have some time to get to know ya, let me date ya Cause one night stands ain't really in my nature I need some substance to take it I love you on the first night, ain't even gonna make it Cause broken hearts, I don't had enough of I need sensuality, not a bunch of broke love If you can provide it, let's have it Take your time baby, stop jumpin like a rabbit Let's start somethin on a come-up We can have it goin on here from sun-down to sun-up Don't try to run up in me fast I want to find out how long can B-U-N B last Pass the ice and the honey, the money you can keep Watch your back at all times, one eye open when you sleep I can't have you for a part-time lover Infinity has found another CAUSE YOU'RE CRAMPIN MY STYLE! [Bun B] Love you down but only for a little time B-C-B, baby, I'm goin down for mine My my my, I see you want me to spend the night No, not quite, I did my part, now I'm takin flight You just might see me again, but not soon You can keep the wedding I JUST WANT THE HONEYMOON! You might be good, but see - that ain't even the point I got all that I wanted, now I'm out of this joint So, you can pass me my draws and pass me my cap Cause, I ain't go be here when you wake up from your nap And, that's the haps, no ifs ands or buts Now, pass my matchbox, so I can hit the cut I love them guts, but not enough to stick around So when I raise up, you can keep on layin down I HATE TO CLOWN, BUT THAT'S LIFE AS I SEE IT YOU'RE LOOKIN FOR A FULL-TIME MAN, I CAN'T BE IT! YOU'RE CRAMPIN MY STYLE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Feel Like I'm the One Who's Doing Dope Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Pimp C] I woke up at twelve on the dot Went to my closet and I checked my matchbox Two rocks gone, that's the third time this week So I'm going to the bedroom to check this freak I said yo bitch some mo' of my dope is gone I know that you stole it so bitch you know it's on She said before you kill me, here's a little token, the other night I walked into the bedroom and it was you that was smokin I said nah bitch as I shot her in the head, picked up my shirt from the side of the bed Picked up my keys off the dresser, stood over the bitch, blew her a kiss then I left her I remember waking up later on that night, I'm in Lafayette and some shit just ain't right My head feels tight and my mouth taste strange Plus some bitch is in my trunk calling out my real name How she know my name? Did I tell her? Who told her? Yo what's the tip? Plus I feel a fever blister coming on my fuckin' lip And you don't get that shit from smokin' buddha The other night I woke up, in my hand was a straight-shooter I could smell crack burnin' in the fuckin' air I looked down, I didn't have on no underwear Looked in my other hand and it was full of nut I looked around, I'm butt-naked on the cut, I think I'm the one that's doing dope [Hook] *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Shit, I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Shit, I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Shit, I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Huh, I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Shit, I can't cope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] So get the rope *Scarface - I feel like I'm the one that's doing dope* [Pimp C] Fuck [Pimp C] My nigga Bird came and picked me up Took me to Alvester and my mama cleaned me up I'm feelin' half alive and I'm feelin' half dead It felt kinda funny sleepin' in my old bed My pager went off and it said to call my home I put my drink down and I picked up the phone Pat said a nigga just dropped off my pack I went to Crook and told him drive me up to San Jac But when I got to San Jac, I put the key in the door It didn't hit, man this is a chance for some fucked up shit I started knocking and a white man came to the door I pulled my pistol and I shot the motherfuckin' hoe Went to my bedroom, there's a white bitch in my bed I told her up the pussy bitch and give me some fuckin' head She said I'll give you all my money just don't kill me though I told the bitch that all I wanted was some pussy hoe Pussy was good but as I felt that second nut I pulled my dick out, grabbed my knife and shoved it in her gut I turned the knife around and shot nut on her chest Look in her eyes and I can hear her take her last breath And as I got up I look and yo it wasn't my bed I look down, my carpet is tan this carpetis bloody red This ain't my house it's one street away I can't cope I feel like I'm the one that's doing fucking dope! [Hook] [Pimp C] I check myself into ??? I'mma hurt myself if I don't get shit straight To top the shit off they just give me more dope I think I'm crazy now I'm at the end of my rope My mama comes to see me every motherfuckin day As much as I want to, I don't have nothing to say I want to say I love her with all my damn heart But hustlin' is a fiend and yo it's tearing her apart I woke up that night with that same taste in my mouth My mind just went bezerk, I gotta break the fuck out I killed the bitch that's sitting at the front booth I broke the guard's neck and twist on his fucking suit Took his keys and got to the doorway In about 2 seconds, it's a smooth getaway Got to the truck and I'm gone scot-free What the fuck? A siren motherfucker's after me If they take me they gon' have to take me dead Before I go I'll put a bullet in my head I try to hold 'em back but the teardrops comin' down I let my foot off the gas and put my head to the ground I put the gun to my temple and then I went click I heard a ringing sound and woke up to my hard dick I was crying, my girl told me Chad it's just a dream I guess I ain't no motherfuckin' fiend Hahahahaha [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: I'm So Bad Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Say baby, y'know, you ever here with a nigga, y'know Why don't you uhh, hook a nigga up, y'know Suck a dick or somethin? (Fuck you trick I ain't down with suckin no dicks) You know what time it is, you know you wanna suck a nigga dick Why don't you just go ahead and do that? (Why don't you eat some of this pussy? You know ya down with all that?) Nah I ain't with eatin no motherfuckin pussy You got me FUCKED up, just suck a nigga DICK! (Bitch you like eatin the pussy REAL good) Nah I ain't with that shit, check THIS shit out [Pimp C] Bitch, I ain't even tryin to hear that bullllshit About what your ho ass don't suck and what ya ass don't lick So you can get your knees dirty ho Or either get your ratchet ass out my fuckin do' Cause I'm Pimp C, I put a bitch in her place Get down on your knees, I put my dick in ya face Cause that's how the shit gotta go, heh with the average everyday South Texas ho So bitch what's up with the suckin action? Cause my dick need that satisfaction (Bitch, you ain't even my type) Yeah ya momma said that but she still got me right (Aww nigga my momma don't even do that shit) Bitch yo' momma suck a MEAN ass dick But I don't need ya anyway trick, huh Cause I'm so bad, I can suck my own motherfuckin dick "I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" "I'm so, I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" "I'm so, I'm so bad, I'm so, I'm so bad" "I'm so, I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" "I'm so, I'm so bad, I'm so bad" "I'm so, I'm so, I'm so bad, I can suck my own" "I'm so, I'm so, I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" "I'm I'm I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" [Interlude] "I'm so bad".. "I'm so, I'm so bad" "I'm so bad, I can suck" "I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm so bad, I can suck my own dick" [Pimp C] Rollin down the street the other day Saw this FINE ass bitch, said you wanna play? We went to her crib, straight in the house Went in her bedroom I put my dick in her mouth ha I said you suckin it real good honey Took my dick out her mouth started talkin bout money Ain't this some shit you ho? Stopped suckin my dick to talk about CASSSSH flow Bitch you got me bent like a pole Cause that shit you sellin ain't gon' never be sold So bitch just fuck what ya talkin Just suck my dick or you can start to walkin Cause you're fine, but your face gotta go That's why we rode down the motherfuckin backstreets, ya ugly ass ho Fuck you ol' country ass hick Cause I'm so bad, I can suck my own motherfuckin dick Ha-hahaha! [Pimp C] Bitch you must don't know That I'm Pimp C, and I'm the motherfuckin.. Man, fuck this shit I ain't rappin no more about these ol' chickenhead skanky-ass bitches, but I'll tell ya like this Burt's so bad, he can suck his own dick Chris so bad, he can suck his own dick Bun B so bad, he can suck his own dick Ron so bad, he can suck his own dick Tang so bad, he can suck his own dick Kye so bad, he can suck his own dick Will so bad, he can suck his own dick The rest ain't that bad, hahahahahaha! Peace, I'm outta here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Trill Ass Nigga Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bun B] Bone hard nigga, hoes be runnin from the scene Cause I'm out to demean, count the green and throw that jim in the in-between Now Bun B moves slick Cause I tell all the niggaz to get they gats and tell the hoes to get this dick Now punks be lookin at my boys on the block They scopin the corner, motherfuckers I warn ya Too many niggaz tried to get these fiends You brothers better cut some fuckin (?) on this scene Cause cluckers don't go for small dope You fin' to lose when dopefiends cut ya fuckin throat You see my shit is legit, so it's on Cut a fifty cent slab and tell that bitch to get gone Because my face don't need to be on the street See I put out my dope, get my cash, then I'm tearin ass I'm in and out quick as day Might drop a hundred or two, but I won't miss it anyway Because as long as the majority of shit gets fat I'm cool to give myself a little slack See I've been doin this too damn long to short my slang, and makin all them pay for dem thangs I got a thirty-five square block cut Down to take your money, dope, your hoe and your nut Big dope big rhymes big dick big attitude Man I'm down with Big Tyme, and I'm a trill ass nigga! (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) [Bun B] You claim you got much dope, and you got much backup But you ain't got JACK SHIT to make this nigga slack up So if you wanna buck buck up bitch and let me black that eye Ho you fin' to kiss them teeth goodbye Now if you're down act like it bitch Step in that grass, I'm fin' to put them hands on yo' bitch ass And buffin ain't a good ass plan You get smacked the fuck up, now unball them fuckin hands You see you need to be true to yourself Cause if you'll front, your ass'll be on my shelf And trill ass niggaz they love to blast But if we ain't got the gat, we'll also choke yo' motherfuckin ass And you ain't never been shit to your hood Your ass shoulda listened when I told you "Something Good" But right about now I ain't sayin a damn thang If you wanna do it then step your ass to the ring And bring on your boys, I'm takin ALL you hoes one by one Hands flyin like bullets from a gun I'm steady whoopin that ass ho Nigga by nigga out the window, you better watch that glass ho Stepped to Bun B, and you thought I was a punk Now you bitch-asses half dead in my trunk You fronted big man and then went out like a ho Nigga kiss that motherfuckin flo', cause I'm a trill ass nigga (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) [Bun B] I'm just a trill ass nigga walkin down the street It's Bun B bitch, the nigga you and your girlfriends wanna meet My nuts hang to the road So buck up and get fucked up by the Big Tyme motherload You better watch that ass when you roll Ease up on U.G.K. you gotta pay the fuckin toll And we ain't hearin that ying-yang You keep on runnin that lip and watch yo' ass get slanged Yeah Bun B'll talk shit But if you think I can't back it up niggaz, try and make a fuckin hit Pimp C'll slam you to the peel You're layin on the ground, aiyyo Burt, kick him and his fuckin reel The U.G.K. posse they mighty fool coon And we down to let the gat go boom So call 9-1-1, and let the law scoop yo' punk ass up before we make you niggaz shit in your drawers The life of the trill niggaz ain't no joke Cause we down to go for motherfuckin broke So watch out for the niggaz in the khakis The U.G.K. posse backs me, so don't jack G Because the dicks hang low, to any two-bit ho And I'm about to get some shit on my toes And I'ma keep on doin it Clyde The cocaine's in the back of the ride of a trill ass nigga (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga!) (Trill ass nigga! Trill trill ass nigga! .. *fades*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: 976-Bun B Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone being dialed*}, {*rings*} [Bun B] Yeah, 976-Bun B That new shit for ninety-two All you niggaz peep this one Check it out Aiyyo, trill was the last one nigga, this time you better pull a gat Cause the dick's hangin low, and it's still fat But ain't shit whack so you better pull a quick guard This shit is live enough to make your MOMMA'S dick hard (C'mon!) Pick up ya phone and dial the 7 numbers that makes ya trip for live shit comin from Bun B's lips And I'm givin hoes the sensation of a big-ass nut gushin out, be in tele-cum-munications Nine-seven-six, two-eight-six-two Courtesy of Bun B, straight to motherfuckin you Yo, the nigga was trill, same shit, new place (?) (?), then bust in your face Yeah niggaz be trippin yo, but still in the meanwhile Your girl keeps callin me on motherfuckin redial Now you're swoll cause your bitch runs your bill up You catch me at the mo-tee, Bun big bone a fill' up She might be shit to you, cause dude give her pay G But pussy get played out, and pussy comes daily As long as your game be strong ain't no thang My phone always rang cause of the dope shit I sang Keepin hoes on my dick yo, and ain't no lettin go The net keeps flyin out, the pussy stays wet so I turn on my VCR then I put a flick in The hoe starts lickin that dick and pretty soon I'm stickin that ass, like a fool in the bed All I can see, is the top and back of your head It ain't about conversation or make that hit On a first name basis hoe that ain't bout shit! Look trick, tell me how many rubbers to pack I hit the room from the front, the ass from the back And yo it ain't about the phone call, this about the nut'n So let me bust a fat load on your bellybutton See, quiet storm done put a notch on your belt And when it's over, I don't wanna hear how it felt I'm just pullin off my rubber, takin a bath Gettin dressed to reminisce of how I cut ya in half It's all in the day of an Underground fool So dial the digits and I'm divin in that ass like a pool But when I get wet BITCH, I won't be drownin I clown on hoes to leave their pussyhole frownin Or if you bitches wanna hear some more of this Lock your bedroom door trick, pick up your cordless You can suck a mean dick, lick a good ball And if I keep on fuckin, you'll keep on callin And I'll be playin you, when you think you'll be playin me It's just pussy games with some help from AT&T So if you need a dick to be real friendly Dial nine-seven-six, B-U-N-B, bitch! {*phone being dialed*}, {*busy signal to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kingz) Album: Too Hard to Swallow Song: Something Good (Pimp C's Remix) Typed by: Beatbunny@aol.com [Verse 1: Pimp C] One with a trigger, two with a bat Three big brothers four Wanna squal with me, so I guess a brother gotta throw Tell 'em like this ya better get up out my camp dude Before I have to pull a gat and get real rude I don't figure that it's worth gettin' hurt Just cuz ya gal wanna give me that skirt Bet it feels funny when ya doin' 69 Knowin' that ya sippin' on all my jimmy wine And when ya get a kiss, do ya feel bad Knowin' that ya swallowed on a skeeter that I had You wanna step to me but I don't really think you should I shoulda shot you up instead I told ya somethin' good. Tell me something good, oh baby, baby, baby yeah  Tell me somtheing good, oh yeah, yeah Tell me something good, oh oh, tell me baby, tell me Tell me somthing good, oh baby, baby, baby yeah [Verse 2: Bun B] What's up with that bulge in ya khakis You wanna pack a gat but you still ain't got the pull to come and jack me You betta bring a gang load of homies when you think you wanna throw Cuz by yourself you runnin' to the floor I seen your kind before man you nothin' with your hands More than a punk but still less than a man You talk a lot of nothin' when ya chillin' with the ladies Let me catch ya by yourself, you're pushin' up some daisies Now crazy you wanna be  But punks with no heart ain't hard  They just waitin' for Bun to pull they card You betta keep you weak self locked in ya hood Cuz without your boys I'ma have to tell you somethin' good [Verse 3: Pimp C] See brothers nowadays got a habit that they really need to stop Gettin' all shot over a girl that I done popped You need to check your gal and what she did in the past Cuz if you know like me, you would drop her real fast But I ain't bout to do her cuz I'm scared of that disease Cuz she's passin' out the skinz like government cheese But not me player cuz Pimp C wanna live Have you had your test are you HI positive But instead of gettin' checked you wanna fight with me You need to check your blood and let somebody check your teeth But if you don't step I'ma drop on ya fast And pump off lead like bullets in your ass I didn't do your girl but your sister was allright Took her to my homeboy's caddy last night She waxed my jimmy and then the little street tramp  Did me on a box of tens and a Pioneer amp  I hit if from the back and the girl just threw me  Turned me on my stomach and she scratched me on my booty Now everybody in the world Know that your sister is a nasty little girl Tell me something good, oh baby, baby, baby, yeah Tell me something good, oh yeah, yeah [Verse 4: Bun B] Now let's talk about these part time hustlers Throwin' up a set that you ain't down with  Boy ya nothin' but a buster Talkin' bout you down to pull a jack Boy you couldn't jack a car when your tires caught a flat I hear you talkin' all that pistol poppin' in the place But if my boys ran up on you you'd probably pull some mace I see it in your face you ain't got the heart to swing Your hands be in your pocket when it's time to throw them things Now every single day another brother pulls an act He's tryin' to be trill but I can see that yellow stripe down his back It's a fact of life I learned and understood A brother ain't nothin' if he can't come and tell you something good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Supertight Song: Return Typed by: ATLien770@aol.com (Pimp C) It all started with a Pimp C, bitch So what the fuck is up Told em somethin good Ease up my muthafuckin cut Cause if you don't really wanna fuck wit a trill nigga From the trill villa wit a steel trigga land of the real killers Pop Pop muthafucka there you go I'ma bust em on yo ass if you don't ease up off me ho Cause trill niggas don't carry no sugar in they nutsac Just big fat balls and a trigga in they backpack So you gon give me my money, but you don't hear me though But I bet you hear me when I fill you with bulletholes P.A. nigga, trill ass nigga,  How you figga you can buck me down nigga? Mr. big man, Mr. big time, give me what's mine Instead of buying cars for a bitch named sunshine Give me what's mine, give me what's mine before it come down to triggas Shit, it's the return of the trill ass niggas Bitch It's the return of the trill ass niggas  Uh It's the return of the trill ass niggas But you can't hear me It's the return of the trill ass niggas bitch (Bun B) Yea muthfuckas I figured you run, I figured you run, when I pull Triggas to guns, that triggas to guns P.A. fool A nigga named Bun, a nigga named Bun, no more sun, no more shine Say hello to the nine milly (Buck!) millameter (Buck! Buck!) Money tight glock, bustin them shots when I break yo ass off somethin hot Niggas steady catchin lead to the head, I never aim for the chest Muthafuckas sportin bulletproof vests So I guess, when I start blastin, niggas start passin away Dearly beloved, I had yo ass gathered today So I can lay you hoes in a line, draw you to a square Put them hands on yo ass, and bail on out Pass the pen, Pimp C and Bird, I take the blunt Now surprise, surprise I'm gettin chinese eyes In this bitch here's a switch I might slang, bang then bail and burn Scope mean now its the return of the trill ass niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Super Tight... Song: Underground Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Bun B] Lately I've been feelin' low, some say I ain't trill no mo' It ain't like I give a damn cause they know I'm down to slam Punk niggaz to the street, split they wig to the meat Layin' in they bloody red, then I leave their ass for dead fool And I bet that on my ass, I'm ready to get on my blast And I ain't the easiest motherfucker to fly past Last time I looked I wasn't wearin' panties so don't say I was I'm from that Texas, I ain't your blood and I ain't your cuz I'm just that nigga try'na make life as easy as I can But most of these punk ass niggaz don't understand the plan I got Now they hot, walkin' round pissed off but I ain't worried Im lettin' off bullets in a hurry, and my people scurry Cause I'm full of that damn dank and drank So I'm finna shank your ass and while you're layin' in the grass Thinkin' that I was the nigga that you fucked wit' Gun stick to ya lips, I'm from P.A. nigga, don't fuck wit' [Hook: Pimp C] Ain't no nigga like a underground nigga Cause the rest of ya'll niggaz ain't shiiiiit Ain't no nigga like a underground nigga Cause the rest of ya'll niggaz ain't shiiiiit Ain't no nigga like a underground nigga Ain't no nigga like a trill ass nigga Ain't no nigga like a ?? nigga  Cause the rest of ya'll niggaz ain't shiiiit [Pimp C] I be gettin real high, smokin weed and gettin fried Fuckin hoes wit' big ol' thighs, and buckin' niggaz till I die Nigga you ain't runnin' shit, frontin' like you makin stacks  Ridin round my nigga'z house in that old beat-up Cadillac Yellin' how you down wit C, talkin' bout you book my shows Never ever was my friend, always been my fuckin foe Never had no love for hoes, like that nigga ?? said So nigga you dead soon as I buck you wit' that fuckin' lead And that's more real than a bypass You need to bend yourself over so I can boot you in your fuckin' ass Ya think you're slick and so you're bigger, but I squeeze the trigger Cause I'm bigger and I'm that underground nigga Straight from P.A.T. where the shit don't stop Niggaz always gettin' smoked on the goddamn block Short Texas motherfucker, see I live in the bricks Where the niggaz smoke them Swishers and the bitches suck dick Cause see... [Hook] [Outro: Pimp C (Bun B)] Ain't no nigga like a westside nigga Ain't no nigga like a eastside nigga Ain't no nigga like a D-Town nigga (Ain't no nigga like a ?? nigga) Ain't no nigga like a H-Town nigga Ain't no nigga like a ?? nigga Ain't no nigga like a P.A.T. nigga Cause the rest of ya'll niggaz ain't Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Super Tight Song: It's Supposed to Bubble Typed by: Magnetosam@yahoo.com [Bun B] PA, PA, and I keep yelling it But y'all dont hear me though On the cool, I'm trying to tell them it be the place that I be laying low, lamping in my hometown niggaz ain't trippin' so I get's to keep my chrome down And I be dippin around the spots that niggaz pass Swisha's, serving to the fiends, calling me Mr. Big Buns, snatching checks from your momma Making dollars, hoes holla, hustling bring ya drama Uh, but I don't sweat it fool, I come from where the best ride Ain't no punks where I'm from on that west side PA nigga, outta town with big nuts Where outta town motherfuckers lose they life on the cut But we ain't trippin', pass that dipplin' And it's gonna be all right, soon as I get fried tonight Yeah bitch, I got ya ho, but ho I'll break ya knees Full of Dom Perignon, Amp water for the Gs It's Dom Perignon - It's supposed to bubble It just be like that sometimes (4X) [Pimp C] Well I'm Pimp C, bitch, I'm smoking big fat dank I don't fuck around no mo with that god damn drank But everytime I get down with my nigga Big Mike We go and get a bottle of that Dom all night I got that green monster baby can you buy that? Plus I got Swisha Sweet for days, you wanna try that? I roll them, most of them big and fat they look like ball bats I live in P-A-T, the east side, niggas sayin' jack These laws be trippin cause they think I'm selling much crack They just can't stand to see a nigga roll in Cadillac But I bought it in cash and I don't think that you can take it back I feel like Goldie every day I think I'm living a Mac And I ain't trippin flippin then switches taking a trip to the 'Backs Cause my nigga D called me and said that bitch was gonna be packed [Bun B] Yeah bitch, I got ya ho, but ho, I'll break ya knees Full of Dom Perignon, Amp water for the Gs It's Dom Perignon - It's supposed to bubble It just be like that sometimes (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Supertight Song: I Left it Wet for You Typed by: kahlo2211@yahoo.com [Pimp C] Yeah, yeah....ah yeah Heh heh, my man, My nigga D *whisper* I left it wet for ya x12 [Verse] My baby mama brother came and told me some shit About a nigga talking about Pimp C ya wig'll get split I laughed then I dashed cause I'm fucking your chick She told me all she wanna do is ride my dick She kick it with the nigga cause he give her the stacks But every fucking night I try to break her fucking back And now a nigga say that he wanna fight But if you fucking around I'll put that fire in his life [Bun B] Man keep fucking it raw And if he's trip then it's on Never let a nigga say you a broad prove him wrong Fool, I'm fucking this nigga girl now and he know it Got a pistol but wont blow it, talking shit but wont show it Yo it ain't nothing going on but nuts on they tricks They never faking licks, sucking dick while I'm taking shits I do a bitch bad and treat a nigga worse than that And make sure you show him that fat gat you left wet for him fool I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) [Pimp C] I went to my nigga got that liquor dark My nigga 3-2 came down with the water A dip, dip, nigga trip, trip ya fried I took my fucking pistol and shot a dopey in his eye I ain't got no love for you fucking hos I'm hot from smoking click, gotcha drippin on my fucking clothes I got that fire bumpin in my brain I'm thinking to myself, I need to go to selling caine And all the time I'm bumpin W.C. Cause it seem like he the only nigga making sense to me And the shit ain't really the same It's moving too fast, I just switched all of my aim I'm rollin' in a raggedy ride, thinking about suicide Puffing the green outside, nigga And all the time I'm fried I left it wet for ya nigga I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya nigga (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) [Bun B] I never loved a punk ass, sorry son of a bitch Which is why I can't lie about the hate I said it straight And never switched up my opinion, if you ain't down, you ain't down That's that, just go get your gat little bitch Holla back when your pistol pack I promise anybody trying to be a bold bastard Getting fried like that dip, I'm full of that dank and ready to trip It's been a lot of niggaz swearing that they hard Like I care and I be sharing slugs with some of them studs And some of their barin, darin Hoes and half playas, and hit the blunt and give it away And see which one these niggaz wont be living today Hey what's up? Got me a cup of that irk and jerk Putting in work until I'm blown and never the 5-4 bitch Cause I'm too cold, I expose like a bomb dropping them daily So don't say we never told ya, how a trill nigga fold ya Texas trilla O big baby, maybe you didn't know I gets my blast on and let loose some of this stress, leaving blood all over your chest Yes, I left it wet for ya fool I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) I left it wet for ya fool (*whisper* I left it wet x3) [Talking] What a nigga trying to say is Shiit, niggaz be straight up fucking your gal fool And what you gonna do then? What you gonna cry? Step up, get you a pistol Know what I'm sayin? Busta ass nigga Keep my name out your mouth boy, I ain't fucking wit ya It's the '94 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Underground Kingz (UGK) Album: Supertight Song: Feds in Town [Bun B] A bad day for the niggaz in my click I just got had a call from a bitch at the PA P.D. that's on my dick It's seems the drug situation is so tow up And poes down the fuckin T-X had to show up I got shit on the scene so 99 can't hassle me Now, they got the muthafuckin feds to come and wrestle me And throw my game in a suplex They got my 2 best workers on secret and there's no rest Word on the streets is that they're rollin In Dynasties..I-ROCs...and Caravans and muthafuckas are swolen Like paper stacks and a rubberband Goin all out of tact on the local bird slaggin brothaman And be servin as slow as fuck Cause my niggaz are nervous and if they even think they see five-o, they duck! So now, instead of rollin thick, niggaz is happy with a frown Cause, the motherfuckin feds in town Yes, the shit is silly, I put up my 9 milli for a switch-blade I don't need no shit with these bitch-made No more clownin in this town bro No high-cappin in the clubs, I got to play them on a down-low I took my tags off my buick and yall know I didn't love that Rollin on some white balls and hubcaps And even though I got long nails No more French manicures bitch, YOU GOTS TO DO YOUR OWN NAILS!! I told my niggaz to make sure that all their shit was tight Cause they're gonna be on y'all ass every day and night Tryin to run all kind of game So, put y'all motherfuckin cars and yall cribs in yall momma's name I took my jewelry to the pawn shop and sold it Brought the money to my baby's momma and I told her to hold it Cause Lil Bun might not see Big Bun up in his face If I catch a fuckin case -- when the feds in town God damn, it's been two motherfuckin months Since I took my Rolex from under my sleeve These hoes act like they ain't go never leave! That shit is funky like a black skunk Fuck all this waitin man, it's time to get this motherfucker back up! I let them motherfuckers slack up, reorganize my click Got the birds, and reopen my lab back up And told my boys, "If a nigga looks crazy, blasts his ass in the eye, Don't give him a chance to identify!" And show his badge, I'm sorry to inform you If your girl is pregnant, you ain't gon live to see your child be born I'm blastin laws at random, cause I believe it's time to hand them Close to the dopeman - God damn em I'm sick of hiding like a bitch in the closet So, y'all hoes can't find me Y'all better try to blind me And remind me of the jail time CAUSE IN MY YARD IS A BIG ASS - I GOT YALE SIGN!!! It's time for TONY MONTANA stacks I got niggaz on the corner holdin big ass bags and cans of crack The land of Texas with that rock up So, if y'all thinkin about checkin My fools run in with your glock up Cause, I'm a blast my nine to my last clip To my last love Before you take me for my damn drugs So, we can have it all night, fight Cause bitch, I'm ready to die from my tight lights when the feds in town The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Super Tight/A Low Down Dirty Shame soundtrack Song: Front, Back & Side to Side Typed by: fridgepnufc@hotmail.com 	[Intro/Hook - x2] 	"Got front and back, and side to side" ---> MC Ren 	"Got front and back, and side to side" 	"Got front and back, and side to side" [Pimp C] Never let broke gold diggers ride I got a '64 Chevy in my yard A white drop top, pearl paint job is hard White plush inside ??? ??? is fresh Triple gold double-A Dayton's is the best, ugh I got them sixteen switches like Dre Cos where I'm from fool that's what everybody play UGK-1 written smooth on my plates Cos real pimp players don't never roll fake I'm bout to hit Dove Way, get past Troy's I'm dippin by myself, I'm bout to call up my boys I pass by the Colt I see some women lookin fine I hit the corner one more time to see the booty from behind Got to the corner, hit the switch and made it jump I got the JVC's and the trigger so it bump, ugh I know you player-hatin busters wanna ride man I got the, front back, and side to side daddy 	[Hook - x2] [Pimp C] It's pimpin pimpin, I'm hittin switches, checkin out my strap Makin sure these snitches, ain't stoppin riches, 5-Oh on my back but I keep on dippin, steady pimpin, kickin, how's about the winter man? I'm chillin, hidin and winnin, pockets feelin fat [Bun B] And I come round your corner shinin, leanin, ever so sunnin Gangstas put down their gun and  women and children come outside and start runnin They catch a glimpse of the P-A pimp whoopin whips Never goin out out like simps, walkin your block with gangsta limp [Pimp C] Some fool roll Lincoln, some fools roll Jag but the crew from Texas roll them Lacs, white gloss and rags With the candy paint and wheel and grill, and wooden dash '94 I gotta keep it trill, down for my cash [Bun B] I gots my stash so I switches, keep on burnin  and these tyres keep on turnin I be rollin through your scene, flashin green, freaks be yearnin to be down, the Under Ground Kingz drinkin Crown with the Coke Never broke, we make the concrete bound baby 	[Hook - x2] [Bun B] It's the tough boy, boulevard niggas, rollin around tan up All four corners on your block fool, nuttin but that bunny hop happenin, high gassin, daily routine, my load is plush Interior crush and fool I'm through clean Don't be like the rest, I must excite the best in your soul so letta player take control And do what the hell ya been waitin to see and that's me rollin on three Dayton's Wit one of them thangs in the air, it's hangin up there Shinin steel fat man, but I don't care if everybody sit back and stare Everywhere we go they linin up as if we're startin up a parade And everybody thinkin they get paid But I don't really give a damn, what a six pack? Twelves in the trunk, chrome dip, don't even trip, I ain't nobody's punk Go swing down sweet rag top and let me ride on a skank, baby don't wait let's glide and slide right [Pimp C] Never let broke gold diggers ride 	 Never let broke gold diggers ride 	 Never let broke gold diggers ride 	"Got front and back, and side to side" 	 Never let broke gold diggers ride 	"Got front and back, and side to side" 	"Got front and back, and side to side" 	 Never let broke gold diggers ride 	* repeat to fade * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Mr. 3-2 Album: Super Tight... Song: Stoned Junkee Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Pimp C] Snap, crackle, and pop goes the big bowl Nigga fiendin' but steady holdin' wit' a tight hold No more crack but steady pullin' wit' a tight pull All fucked up and eyes redder than a red bull Look at that, I bet she don't know where her kids at Used to be all that, now she's dating Mr. Crack Had her first when she was 13 now he's 11 years And he standin on Texas, sellin' rocks and drinkin' beers She got another girl, she's 8, stayed with her aunt and uncle But uncle's sick, cause every night she's suckin' on Her uncle's dick, who can she tell? Nobody gives a fuck She tells anybody she fucks him she'll get fucked up So the shit keeps goin' on for another six 14 and now she's tired of suckin' uncle's dick Got a .38 from her girlfriend in school Went home, loaded it up and cold smoked the fool Cause he's a [Hook: Sung by Pimp C] Stoned Junkee, stoned, stoned junkee Stoned Junkee, stoned, stoned junkee Stoned Junkee, stoned, stoned junkee Stoned Junkee, stoned, stoned junkee Lord, lord, lord Lord, lord, lord Lord, lord, lord Lord, lord, lord [Bun B] I live in every city, I stand on every block I'm beggin' from everybody so I could smoke any and every rock You see I'm homeless, I'm broke, I stink I got some fucked up teeth and I'm addicted so I can't For them kids lunch money, a child I would choke And clothesline your granny for some change so I could take a toke You see I'm not in my right mind,  So I'm hopin' that I can get some dope in my system by night time So to make a lil' cash, I might wipe me a windshield or pump gas,  Or take your purse and dash, Try'na to make a deal witcha, huh But if I can't get a dime for 6, fool I'm 'bout to get cha Don't fuck up and let me taste it Cause I'mma chip your shit, take my lil' piece and freebase it I ain't nothin' but a clucker, your typical glass dick sucker Basehead, geekin' motherfucker Just call me a... [Hook] [Mr. 3-2] And I'm still rollin' a fattie but I'm dippin' it into that water And makin' me a wet daddy, the green monster Tameka be tellin' me not to do it But everyday I find myself full of that fuckin' embalming fluid Yeah, so you can certify me as a fiend,  And if you smoke dip fool you know what I mean Now let me lean to the motherfuckin' left Start walkin' fast and get my blast by my goddamn self That's how it goes, movin' slow in the south A stone cold junkee with some drugs in his mouth High till I die, and fry is all it takes Don't make me catch a case by pumpin' them slugs in your face I'm at the geekin' stage so you better not trust me And I'll still buck you down, motherfucker if you buck me So close the top of the toilet cause it's finna get funky I'm smokin' like a fiend cause I'm a stone cold junkee [ad-libs till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ DJ DMD Album: Super Tight Song: Three Sixteens Typed by: soundwave70@hotmail.com [Bun B] Whassup, muthafucka? Yeah it's the funk droppa, the punk stoppa  The trunk poppa ready to break y'all off somethin proper You know I'm a villain, so why try? Fuck a glock, I'm throwin a glock party, darin niggas to drive by I came to smoke a son of a bitch that went for his but didn't pull it Fast enough and got blasted up with a bullet I'm snipin, I got you in my scope so what's the use of tryin to bail? I'm ready to catch a case but not for yayo, for a murder, mayne 187 ways to rip ya spine out anytime you wanna test Say you never heard of pain? Wait till I pull my nine out And empty out a clip in yo chest cavity Haven't we been known for takin it To the sucka muthafuckas that was fakin it Makin it known I gots my chrome in my ride And I'm fried, P.A. worldwide from the west side, fool! Yeeeah, I'm serious! And this is one of three sixteens! Yeeeah, ya bastards! I'm serious, this is only one of three sixteens! Straight up, I'm serious! That was only one of three sixteens! [DJ DMD] Now check this shit out, haha ... It's DJ DMD, back with that funk flowin laaazy Kinda craaazy, never letting niggas fade me I'm a little fast on the trigga Niggas I get my blast on nightly, you don't wanna fight me Take yo ass on down the block, I keeps my shit cocked So knock on wood cuz shit could get hot On this spot, some niggas catchin lead shots Cuz ain't no wipin off these red dots Now try me if ya think I won't bust Shots to ya dome will leave ya ass in the dust, nigga Cuz ain't nobody droppin bigger hits I'm makin tracks upon track upon tracks to make these niggas shit And I'm down with some fa sho niggas So tell me how you gon diss me with a clique full of ho niggas? You keep yo ass in yo muthafuckin set Or take a slug in ya muthafuckin chest, Reggie, mark ass nigga Ya punk bitch! [Bun B] I'm serious! And this is two of three sixteens! Ya punks, I'm serious! This is two of three sixteens! Punk ass niggas, I'm serious! This was two of three sixteens! Sixteen number three! [Pimp C] Some muthafuckas think they can go with me But most of them niggas just some hoes to me I got a lotta niggas that’s down with me But too many niggas like to clown with me They act like they know me but they really don’t They ask me to come kick it, but they know I won’t I see they ass in PA, they don’t know me, uh I see they ass in Houston, I’m they homie But, nigga how it feel to be a ho? Gettin yo ass kicked at every muthafuckin show Tryin to be a gangsta, but nigga yous a fool And tryin to kick it with me, like me and y’all cool But nigga let’s see if you can with that chrome I shoulda popped yo ass when you rolled into my home But bitch niggas steal, and G niggas mack And busta ass niggas gettin bullets in they back And that’s a muthafuckin fact! [Bun B] Ya little muthafucka! I’m serious! And that was three of three sixteens! For any niggas that wanna test, come up and stress these three muthafuckin sixteens! You can’t fuck wit it, fool! We drops three of three sixteens! And ain’t a muthafucka tight like this, we droppin three tight ass sixteens!  Yeah, I wanna send this out to all them niggas in the ward You know what I’m sayin, that drop all that muthafuckin shit Like we drop that shit, and to all them OTHER muthafuckas On that OTHER muthafuckin side, talking all that other blowsy ass shit Y’all need to get back ‘fore I get some muthafuckin shit on my toes I done done it before, ho, and I’ll do it again! U-G-muthafuckin-K! 94! Eat a dick, godammit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/3-2 and Ron Isley Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: One Day 3-2 Mama put me out at only fourteen So I start sellin crack cocaine and codeine Time to stack some paper think I'm a do it quick Thinkin I'm a juvenile but they dont know who they messin wit, yeah My mama's only son But I live everyday like its my muthafuckin last one Every nigga and they mama askin why But I'm in the game live by the game and in the game I'm a die But if I die or should I say if I go Bury me in Hiram Clarke next to the come and go Cause tomorrow aint promised to me The only thing promised to a playa is the penetentiary So I'm a take care of my business on the smooth tip Watch my back sellin crack and pack two clips When ya think about that you say "it'll be on" Its a trip youre here today but the next day youre gone One day youre here, baby But then youre gone (repeat) Bun B This world we livin in man it aint nuthin but drama Everyone wanna harm ya in New york niggas gettin shot fo bombers Now they got yo life in the former they in like California Niggas who roll that hydroponic-marijuana Gangbangin got the ghetto hotter than a sauna  Back in Orange my nigga Pop died on the corner  Behind a funky-ass dice game I saw once before he died wished it was twice mayn I remember bein eight deep off in Chucky crib Lettin us act bad not givin a fuck what we did When we lost him I knew the world was comin to the end And I had to quit lettin that devil push me to a sin My brother been in the pen fo damn near ten But now it looks like when he come out man I'm goin in  So shit I walk around wit my mind blown in my own fuckin zone Cause one day you here but the next day you gone One day you here baby But then youre gone (repeat) Pimp C I'm up early cuz aint enough light in the daytime Smoke two sweets get in these streets out the pop up line Peanut holder my boulders smolder on the PA pipes Ak loader as I get swallowed under city lights Niggas be lookin shife so I look shife back Cant show no weakness in these streets you'll get yo life jacked Mayn its a trip where i stay especially for me  This bitches tryin to lock me up for the whole century They gave my boy down in Florida Dante 19 I wish that we could smoke again and take a tight lean My world a trip you can ask Bun B bitch I aint no liar My man RoRo jus lost his baby in a house fire And then when I got on my knees that night to pray I asked God why he let these killas live and take my homeboy's son away Man if you got kids show em you love em cuz God jus might call em home Cuz one day you here but baby the next day you gone ______________________________________________________ Get Your Private, Free Email at http://www.hotmail.com The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Underground Kingz {U.G.K.} Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Murder Typed by: Platinumknicca@aol.com Verse One: {Pimp C} I'm still Pimp C bitch so what the fuck is up? I'm puttin' powder on the streets cuz I got Big fuckin' nut's comin' back from Louisiana In a Fleetwood Lana  I deserve them nigga's shit to put they pea's on they banner Got the pound four by four cuz you know I just Pay to nigga bought thirty from me So I fronted forty two, he gonna pop to seven hundred Times sixty two, twenty four eight is what I do So fuck what 'cha do  If I told ya cocaine number's you think I was lyin' Young nigga's twenty two talkin' bout they retirin' In the game ain't a thang comin' far then we been Rick's home two apartment's where enter Tight friends mo bounce to the ounce Cuz the Wood the shit, I done got me  Fifty ounces out of birds ya bitch Tightin' up no slack bitches checkin' my stock Got some Burban City nigga's so I'm a go to my garage Just got back from California kicked it with B-Legit Put me down with purple chronic and that hurricane shit At the studio with Tom, I wish I could stay I got to holla at Master P, cuz we got money to make We with playa'z from the South stack gee'z man Like Ball I got to stack big cheeze man Bitch say he wanna show ya You got nine grand I ain't rappin' shit Till my money in my hand South Texas mutherfucka that's where I stay Gettin' money from yo bitches every  Got damn day Big paper I'm foldin' Hoes is on my mutherfuckin' jock For all this dick I be holdin' I hate grown man show it Especially if a fool take our style and  Act like my nigga's don't know it I kick it with the trill nigga's so you best's Not trip if ya keep on talkin' shit  My nigga empty the clip Hoe azz nigga Chorus: Murder, Mur, Mur, Murder Murder, Mur, Mur, Murder Murder, Mur, Mur, Murder Murder, Mur, Mur, Murder Murder, Mur, Mur, Murder Verse Two: {Bun-B} Well this Bun-B bitch and I'm the king I'm movin' chickens got 'em finger lickin' Stickin' nigga's who be trippin' You need a swift kickin' yo azz is right for the pickin' Now down as my pocket's stickin' I be thinkin' nigga's slippin' you sick When I be clickin' now take a look at the Bigger nigga Marl liquor swigger  Playa hata ditch digger figure My hair trigger you bound one hot one in yo liver You shiver shake and quiver I'm free from nigga you wetter den a river For what it's worth it's suburblous some nigga's doin' dirt Fuck her first and take off her skirt Make the pussy hurt Mister Master Hit the Swisha faster then you keep a  Blister bastard fuck her sister faster Hit the elbro for sale yo Brother better have my mail hoe Before I catch a murder case and go to jail hoe Hell no, time to bail hit the trail so We can sell mo fuckin' yell get the scale  No other bullet duck or get shoved  Inside this game they better buck us  Cuz the clucker's they love us Make them class dick suckers  Check they jelly like smoker's I hit like nun-chuckers Cuz Short Texas bring the rukus This for my muthfucker's  Cookin' cheese to crooked geez Rockin' up quarter key's  Just to get the hook with ease  Wanna bee's get on yo knee's Fill the squeeze from them HK one three's >From here to over sea's We do what we please  No trip cuz we flip  Light up a dip  I'm breakin' 'em off from they hip to yo lip Go ask that boy Skip That nigga Bun rip  With one clip, soon as the gun slip  Now I done ripped out my Barile  Flyin' through yo belly belly and Some smelly red jelly is drippin' out of ya belly Servin' 'em like a Deli jumped on my cellular telli Hoe sell it like it's goin' out of style You can't see me Marcus so have a Motherfuckin' Sweet and smile Chorus: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Pinky Ring Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] You ain't never seen, how a pimp be oh so clean Fly women and fancy thangs, fly bitches and pinky rangs You ain't never seen, how a pimp be oh so clean Fly women and fancy thangs, fly bitches and pinky rangs You ain't never seeeeeeeeeeeen A pimp that's rollin this clean, oh yeahhhhh [Pimp C] You ain't never met a nigga like Pimp C hoe 'Fore you come into my room take off your shit at the do' If you comin to my hotel then you came to fuck And if you fuckin with a Pimp then bitch your game is up If your bitch get mad when you play this talk Put her ass out on the highway, make that bitch walk I ain't make this shit, fuck this shit old You need to stop treatin these bitches like ladies and these nice ladies like hoes Standin on the front row, man this hoe a trip She done opened up her legs and let me scope the pussy lips Later on tonight, I'ma get behind her I hope this bitch don't act like Pimp C care for no vagina [Bun B] Well you can catch me shoppin, checkin out the hoes boppin Choppin up game to keep 'em lap hoppin Pop in to the {?} show-stoppin Proppin up a wheel and maybe ass droppin Breakin haters off can't be mistaken for fakin Fools are the ones left shakin, flakin Marijuana deals with Jamaicans Bakin up the powder to a fat cake an' Mashin from the scene almost crashin, flashin Cop lights keep a player dashin Cash-in, on the crack course, paper stashin With a passion for high-priced fashion My dang clothes and my eighty-fo's clanky God thank ye, motherfuckers actin cranky Stanky, attitudes be janky I think he, gon' hafta feel the sting from the rang on my panky [Intro] + [Chorus] [Bun B] Think I ain't heavy strokin, you must be jokin Tokin, on some shit I don't even be smokin That coke and, marijuana got yo' ass loc'n Croakin, sleepin motherfuckers 'til they woken I'm still crunk at five in the mornin' Why yo' ass yawnin? I'm flowin 'til the crack of dawn an' Laughin as ya pawn ya posessions Yes it's been worldwide tested Showin off my diamond investments [Pimp C] A bitch, ain't shit to a pimp A twenty ounce steak and some fried side of shrimp A 600 S's, now the 6 drop Everything I ride original no kits on them chops 18 inch Lorenzos, Yokohama tires When I ride by all them bitches get they pussy all on fire Bitches say I highside, hoe it ain't no thang Y'all just blinded by the diamonds the Pimp the pinky rang [Intro] + [Chorus] - 2X (with ad lib talking over) [Outro - UGK] Whassup Rick, yeah, hold up hold up What's up Greek, whassup Goodie Mob, Organized Noise, Geto Boys knahmtalkinbout OutKast, you know Atlanta in the house Jackson in the house and Memphis in the house New Orleans in the house, hold up Man I'm comin down like that, comin down like that Comin down like this, I'm comin down like this Comin down like that, comin down like that, hold up, hold up Huh, hollerin at the Boys off Botany (the Boys off Botany) Dem boys off Scott, dem boys on the Scott Hollerin at the boys, hold up man, hold up Talkin 'bout the South, talkin 'bout Screw Talkin 'bout the North, I'm talkin 'bout the North Talkin 'bout the East, I'm talkin 'bout the West Talkin 'bout the West... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK (Underground Kingz) Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Diamonds & Wood Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Pimp C) Yeahh, comin' down Dedicated to them boys ridin' slab (Hook) I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flip (Verse 1, Pimp C) I flip down the Ave., you know I'm lookin' tight These jealous niggas lookin' at me and my car so shife Wanna take my life, and wanna jack, but I see all through that Never let these bitch niggas take what's mine, nigga never do that Who say he goin' through a thang, when y'all ain't never lied I gotta baby, but his mama act like he ain't mine Wicked women, usin' children to live on Wanna hurt and try to hate, 'cause she know the thrill is gone Say man, I stopped smokin' wit' haters back in ninety-four But niggas thinkin' that a Sweet gon' get him through my door And niggas talk a lotta shit, in a safe place I know 'cause he can't look me eye-to-eye when he in my face Now nigga listen to my beats, and see just what I mean Nigga I ride dirty everyday, but still I shine so clean Glitter and gleam, ain't all what it look like So I keep swangin', out here clangin' tryina live my life (Hook) I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. (Verse 2, Bun B) I see these niggas and days, go and come And for me, just to wake, I know I'm blessed I grab my 'ses and split my Swisher wit' my thumb Some of my Sweets be tight, now some of my Sweets be fucked up! But alla' my Sweets gon' blow, so killa' smoke get sucked up! I looked up today, and didn't fall prey to none of that pistol play But who is to say, tomorrow they won't be blastin' this-a-way I'm puffin' spliff's of hay, still upset about the drama here At this time of year, I'm wipin' away my dead homies mama tears (Shit) But naturally, them fuckin' laws was always after me So I have to be, in that manor on that five-oh-three I'm livin' dastardly, must be all about survival 'g These niggas passin' me, streets just keep on gettin' live wit' me They said there has to be another way, but I ain't feelin' that They tried to steal a Lac, and my wig, they wanna peel it back But still the fact remains, it's all about the 'cain "Swang and Bang", peace to ESG and all the victims of the game, mang (Hook) I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. (Verse 3, Pimp C) Flippin' through the Ave, tryina see some good But everythang is still the same, in my neighborhood Niggas frown when you up, and smile when you down And when you change for the better, shife fools stop comin' around I see the jealousy and hatin' and the wicked ways We all lost children, praisin' paper, smokin' our life away Got to the point where I could not decipher day from night She say she love me, but all we do now is fuck and fight My conscience fuck wit' me so much that I can't eat or sleep The other side of sellin' dope, and out there runnin' the streets And even though I'm gainin' street fame, comin' from this rap game Lustful thinkin' and compulsive drinkin' is a normal thang Some get erased and mis-placed, tryin' to win the race Some try to hold on to they papes by smokin' whit-lace But see drugs and plastic thugs ain't gon' change the hood I'm smokin' skunk and poppin' the trunk to make me feel good (Hook) I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood (Pimp C: I'm smokin' skunk and poppin' the trunk to make me feel good) I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood I fli-, I flips down the Ave. Know I'm lookin' good I'm bangin' "Screw", nigga Diamonds up against that wood (So is ya life) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kings) Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: 3 in the Mornin' Typed by: thelucky1@drbcom.com Bun B: Damn, already 3 in the mornin' It's going down, leanin', drink your drink Candy sweets, third coast nigga, UGK 'bout to wreck shop Man, I'm larger than life These motherfuckers ask, "Is it the bark or the bite?" It's both, chillin' on streets you scared to park on at night Just forfeit just like I'm becoming part of the light And you, you goin' to be the biggest mark at the fight I never understood what made you think you was handlin' You half-ass runnin' through my neighborhood vandlin' Next time I'ma light your world up like a canon Get some Italians to play your ass like a mandolin These cocaine wars got my mind in a frenzy The feds tried to confiscate my 'llac and my Benzy Colombian assassins hunt a nigga like Lindsey And one of my workers came up short with my ends see Shit, runnin' the streets used to be complicated But now it's all easy, drug is strong arm related But never can a bomb be faded Fool ring the alarm, pour the Don Chorus: I'm comin' down real shiny like candy paint 'Bout 3 in the morning, yawnin' I wish I could come down but you know I can't 'Cause I'm leanin' off the dank and the good ole drink I got 5 on the weed, 50 on the drink Fool comin' down fuck what these hoes think N.O. Joe: 3 in the morning, just turned over Pimped into my clothes Got to get around some hustlers movin' in the Chevy Nova Done flagged me down for some more of that brown To go with that green, now they sittin' on lean Now the light is green, got to get the snaps So I bails from the scene, the watch is still packed With dealers and fiends freakin' for G's and greens See it's the same everynight Niggas creepin' down G way and keepin' they head tight Watchin' for laws 'cause you know they wanna hate Jealous 'cause a nigga gettin' ahead of this paper chase Can't place my face in these streets But some niggas gotta hustle just to eat Niggas jackin' and packin', they playin' for keeps No peace of mind, keepin' my heat behind No seekers see a lie to be caught sleepin' By another nigga out creepin' While I'm chillin' gettin' sweeted Chorus Pimp C: What you see is what the fuck you get Young Pimp C baby comin' down real wet I got a pump in the 'llac 'cause These niggas tried to jack us But we don't give a fuck, I got the AK in the back of us Came out the night club, 3 o'clock struck Tryin' to holler at my people she in Lexus, I'm in truck We 'bout to eat breakfast, we in Houston, Texas The city of the crack, and the 'llacs, and the Lexus I'm hollarin' at the body Courtney came with the love We comin' down baby blowin' smoke in his lungs 'Cause I'ma candy sweet dipper, a big 'caine pimper I'm playin' with the guitar, I'm squezzin' on the nipples Even though this hoe look good and the pussy was tight After I hiy, jump in my shit, I'm scratching off for the night Fuck that laying in the bed with the hoe 'til the morning Bitch I'm getting out here yawnin', coming back to reformin' 3 in the morning 3 in the morning Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Touched Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [Intro] Listen up I got a story to tell Ay fool, listen up I got a story to tell Say dog, listen up I got a story to tell Say man,listen up I got a story to tell [Bun B] Now once upon a time not long ago A nigga like myself had to strong arm a hoe Now this is not a hoe in the sense of having a pussy But a pussy having no goddamn sense, try'na push me He used to hold dick now he wanna be in my shoes Hatin' like a baby mama 'cause I'm payin' my dues Tryin' to hold on to my little chunk but not a punk in the parking lot bumping his gums With his ki's in the trunk, oh what I'm supposed to jump 'cause you got a pump You aimin' that bitch in the sky you chump Point that motherfucker this way and dump Oh what you scared to go to the penn Thinkin' them niggas gon tap your rump Man I thought he played bold but he ain't even fuss Man the nigga was way swole actin' like he wanted to buss But his trigger stayed cold I wasn't surprised I recognized that fast breathin' and fear in his eyes Unmask his disguise a sheep in wolf's clothing On their prey, he tried to hunt the hunter And got hunted down his goddamn self in V-A Niggas it's where we stay Ain't none of that K-K-K'n or playin' so see a  Or e up out your life or you test yourself And make a nigga break you off a piece to rest yourself Oh yes your health is what's in question And I hope this ass whippin'  Teach you a motherfuckin' lesson Speak the wrong words man and you will get touched 'Cause deep down in the South boy's come up cold Talkin' down on my name and what it's all about You niggas better get some cut and get my name out 'Cause I dunno why you have plex with me Testin' me but I'ma pull my ship and let you see That all that carry the jack ain't able to survive So you haters need to quit with that bull bustin' And take another ride [Bun B] Niggas jumped and crossed the line The movies got the boy fucked up in the mind Not to mention the wine and the codeine syrup combined Easy access to 9s And shit talkin hoes that's fine And all they got time for is four swisher dimes Commititing crimes amped off water  And some exaggerated rhyme So if bein' hard ain't in your heart  Then don't start niggas'll tear your weak mind apart [Pimp C] Bitchy old man talkin' to me like I'm in school He don't know I hang with killers we'll erase that fool Wouldn't give a fuck about him but he kin to my son If you think I'm that nigga then you picked the wrong one Cause I live by the gun die by the gun Hot bullets burn some say that can get ya stunned So raise your own children and don't try to raise mine And when you see me step with caution cause I'm bustin' for mine Speak the wrong words man and you will get touched You done crossed the line now and you will get fucked I already told you before but you ain't barring that So this time I tell you man I go' fi erase you off the map Such a shame but it's all in the game And since the early 60's aint a damn thing changed We got haters over here and haters over there But I got my pistol and it ain't pointed in the air [Pimp C] I see you trippin' off that water and you feel like you bad 'Cause yo bitch done chose a pimp and that pimp was Chad I see you hurt 'cause I fucked your girl Put big dick in her world and bust nuts in her curls When I hit it from the back she said baby I can't take it You a simp ass nigga you told that bitch that you love her But I'm straight up fuckin' the pussy like that nigga off in colors But I ain't get shot cause you ain't shootin' shit The best thing you can do is go and try and beat that bitch 'Cause this man's style showstopper pistol popper you ain't ready If I let this hot thing hit you fool, your stomach like spaghetti Fool you talkin' loud but you move too slow Tellin' niggas all your plans got you tied up in a van Nigga what the fuck is up in the place to be First I want the money nigga then I want the fuckin' ki's Kidnap robbery 'cause you said you wanted me dead Since you want a nigga dead Buck that bitch off in his head Just like E-40 nigga I be comin' fed Got the sawed off pump with night vision infrared So play me like a pussy and you will get fucked Nigga I'm hangin' out the truck b-buck buck Hit your nigga in the leg hit your bitch in the gut But we know where your ass stay  So your ass will get touched [Hook] Speak the wrong words I'm high on them herbs And you will get touched cause yo ass deserve To get bucked real bad in front of your kids Just to show you what a real type bitch you is And it's your boy Mr. 3 to the 2 forever stayin' true Just a player man cool and I gotta tell it to the  Whole wide world how you got bitched razor necked just like A motherfuckin' girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Fuck My Car Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Check it out, 1996 Bitches still suckin on dicks Hoes just... trippin mayne Choosin they men by what kinda cars they drive What kinda keys you holdin [B] Now bitches stare a nigga down when he step to the bar [C] They ain't trippin on me, they wanna fuck my car [B] But bitch who the fuck you think you are, by far [C] They ain't trippin on me, they wanna fuck my car [B] Look a nigga up and down like he a superstar [C] But they ain't trippin on me, they wanna fuck my car [B] But bitch who the fuck you think you are, by far [C] They ain't trippin on me, they wanna fuck my car [Bun B] Ay C keep yo' eyes open for the boppers, car hoppers Daisy Dukes out on the block, showin cock, traffic stoppers Lookin good spendin some nigga G's Nails by Vietnamese, {?}, lookin like they worth G's Dress above they knees, jellies and G-strings up the ass Man I never let 'em pass So tell me where can I find 'em With they nigga or in that candy Cadillac right behind him [Pimp C] Bitches tellin me see yo' dick grand All she wanna do is ride Su-bur-ban Put her ass on the leather, and rub the wood See we got boppers in Texas oh man that pussy look good So I let them hoes ride and I show them a grip But she blinded by the candy she can't see I'm a pimp When she told me I looked good I didn't feel no pride All the bitch wanted to do is just fuck my ride [Bun B] Oh yeah these hoes think they cute in skin-tight catsuits Assumin that they body's too boomin to dispute But pussy is the root of all drama An attribute put up in they head by they momma Oh yeah I'ma tell it like it is, I sees how it goes down Niggaz talkin 'bout, how they passin these hoes 'round But y'all trickin, them hoes told me Fools y'all ain't Goldy, ridin in a goodie but an oldie Fifty dollars there, a hundred dollars here You brought the bitch a drink and all her homegirls a beer Your homeboys lookin for ya, but yo' ass gone You left your niggaz at the club and took ALL them hoes home And didn't even fuck, MAN WHAT THE FUCK?! If you didn't want to fuck then get the fuck up out the truck! You know what I mean? I ain't showin out Vogues Just so these hoes can be seen, c'mon you wanna fuck or cut? [Chorus] - first 1/2 [Pimp C] When you look at my chrome and you lick your lips It's just like I'm rubbin my dick between your hips And when you smile and shake your ass, my grill smile right back Bitch I'm the real, that's why I ride Cadillac And I'ma fuck you and fuck ALL yo' friends Soon as Pimp C come through in that 600 Benz With burgundy paint, butter and LG rims Color TV, VCR playin X-rated films of myself, runnin up in beauty queens But let me tell y'all niggaz the difference between y'all and me You see, man I can tell all that bitch wanted to do is just ride for free and smoke for free But bitch not me, you better ask them hoes if my name Pimp C Unless your pussy makin ten thousand dollars a week The only way I see you sittin in my passenger seat, you bitch! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Underground Kings) Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Hi Life Typed by: thelucky1@drbcom.com Chorus: Hi Life We livin' that hi life Hi Life (Hi Life...mmmmmmmmmm) We livin' that hi life...mmmmmmmmmmm Pimp C: I'm tired livin' fucked up, tired of livin' bad Tired of hearing grandma tellin' me When you gonna go to church Chad Now I'm tryin' to live up to the image That she would want me to be But I got one foot in the street And every week I flip a Ki I never wanted to be a G  But niggas depend on me It ain't safe to hit I-10 So niggas fear with me And all the niggas that I went to school wit Got cool wit, went to fool wit I dealt selling that white shit Pushin' cocaine, niggas holding pistols Dependant on the game What ya want me to do, its like somebody cut my throat Got $20,000, tryin' to turn it to a hundred And ain't nobody got no dough So niggas came to smoke, bad habits do exist And if this bitch came thinking to ease my mind By sucking my dick Bitch make up for a minute cause that ship never lasts In 1996 niggas is dyin' from layin' on that ass First Magic Johnson got it, then Eazy-E died And you wonder why yo' niggas out there smokin' fry I wish that I could tell you I wore a rubber everytime But if I told you that nigga you know that I be lyin' And I've been fucking pussy since the tender age of nine It's gettin' to be a full-time job just tryin' to stay alive And Crackers tend to smirk, offended by the weed smoke comin' off my shirt But still I puts in work and front for my folks Cause where I come from nigga, family just ain't no joke Now D be gettin' married, and Edgar on the boat But what about Baby Doe, some say that nigga's selling dope And you know that I ain't lyin', that just how family talk But what you gonna do when the Devil poke you with his fork And everybody sittin' in the pulpit ain't saved Most preachers are false prophets Fuckin' hoes and gettin' paid I'm lookin' for the... Chorus Bun B: You only got one life to live That's all they give you to do it You could bullshit your way through it Or stay true, it can be complicated cause niggas Be gettin' shot in the cross People and names get lost  The people in the lane get tossed The streets'll eat your ass alive Take your positions with pistols, bare hands, and knives And nobody's surprised if somebody Don't survive the dusk to see dawn It's treacherous how we was left to die On the streets that we be on Motherfuckers sleepin' on them corners that you pee on Probably cause society felt they didn't belong Now who in the fuck made it this way for us Got all these little niggas slangin' that yay Because it ain't like they make high levels gainable And that punk piece of American pie just ain't obtainable So how can I substain a full life before death Man, I'm left out here to make it by my goddamn self Now c'mon, who gives a damn when you can't afford the turkey or ham Livin' off of Raemon Noodles, beef jerky, and Spam Now that's sad, but that's a fact of life All I can see in front of me is up for grabs Come off that slab Cause poverty will push a nigga over that brink Over the edge especially if you don't know your ledge So instead of being without, I'm hustling Tryin' to get through these ungodly days Thinkin' of ways to get the fuck outta this maze A man will committ a crime 'cause a fuckin' crime pays I'm going through a phase you don't grow out Until there's a reason a mother fuckers gots to pour out His 40 on the curb, disturbed and left with no doubt in his mind But still sometimes he don't know why He walkin' around just hopin' He can get one more try to make it It's bullshit he going through, but yo, he gots to take it You can't fake it, to get that hi life Chorus until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Good Stuff Typed by: thelucky1@drbcom.com Intro (Pimp C): Where the hoes, where the hoes Lookin', lookin', tighten up, tryin' to tighten up Where the hoes, where the hoes Check it out Verse 1 (Pimp C): I'm coming down candy, I put in my work Got a $10,000 link medalion hangin' on a $2000 shirt The game's been good And all the hoes wanna sit on leather and the wood Bitches tryin' to price my diamonds But that shit is just so common 'Cause they see a nigga shinin' But I'm movin' too fast 96 karats if you think that you could manage Got the drink and the salad Now the bitch is on the ? I'm comin' down Gulf way, I'm tryin' to see what's up I see big ass and some titties Now we flippin' in the 'Bourbon to the city The attitude's shitty but I bought no plex Ain't talkin' 'bout the Malcolm but I'm ridin' on the X The highway was so wet, I'm slippin' out my lane The bitch was on her knees, but now she's runnin' me a game I bet you never seen a big truck like that I bet you never got a dick sucked like that The bitch didn't know that I was tapin' the whole scene Now we watchin' that bitch suck me on a 5 piece screen The glitter and the gleam, we saw them in the show Chauffeurs and the sofas, hotel pictures and the hoes I got the haters, and the jackers, and the million dollar crackers Tryin' to close me down, but I got ghetto love I'm Pimp C bitch, I'm comin' down richer than rich So bitch you know you gotta gimme good stuff Chorus: Lookin' for that good stuff Ba ba ba ba da da da Tighten up on that backstroke Ba ba ba ba da da da Lookin' for that good stuff Tighten up on that backstroke Comin' down on fresh paint Blowin' Swisher Sweet smoke Verse 2 (Bun-B): We flippin' worldwide, P.A.T. International jetsetters Bigger than the Hollywood letters But don't get us confused, you lose when you bet us Breakin' off the jealous with pitch black Barettas My fellas and tellers who holdin' plates against them Texas boys Bringin' the noise to haters in 9-6 plex Like you major boy you have done played yourself Too $hort smoked you like a Newport, and you bought A one-way ticket to something bigger than you Over your head and got scared Exactly what I figured you'd do Now who you kiddin', I'm slangin', bangin', and skiddin' Busta playa moves and if you done it and did it As I sit in the lap of luxury DEA is tryin' to stick bugs to me Undercover motherfucker tried to sell drugs to me What could be more throw Mafioso puttin' bombs under my load Never show no grief miss the signs in the climate Now I'm comin' down shinin' Pieces and chains full of diamonds I'm winin' and dinin' and caligula Pretty boys gettin' off the hook Bitches sayin' but I'm diggin' ya But I know that make ya mega crunk And make ya make it man it make a niggas wanna pop trunk Got skunk from the Rasta, eatin' steak and lobster Like a mobster and gots to be lookin' for the good stuff Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Ridin' Dirty Song: Ridin' Dirty Typed by: soundwave70@hotmail.com [Pimp C] Ridin dirty Straight up dedicated to the Cadillacs Ridin dirty, know what I'm sayin Comin down on the slab, boy Ridin dirty, forreal tho, ridin dirty ... Have you ever been rollin in a clean ass 'Llac Blowin big out the window, everybody got a sack Got my heat right between my seat, got a box of them thangs In case these fools start playin with me You'd be surprised how them boppers wink, girl I can't stop Give my headlights a blink and roll them up out the top And keep movin, and keep rollin Fools that don't be holdin, I'm comin through and foldin And I can't stand snitches, wanna kill alla y'all Even though some bustas thought I'm still rollin like a ball And having things my way, hittin that highway Sellin that big yay, a plush-ass place to stay Po-lice, they wanna run in Talkin on cell phones got a lotta kids done in I wanna live like Arnold, Willis and Mr. Drummond And keep my paper sturdy, big birds and tight herbs Fool, I'm ridin dirty, uh, whaaaat Big birds and tight herbs, fool I'm ridin dirty Ridin dirty, uh, whaaat Fool, ridin dirty, uh ... whaaaat? [Bun B] Tell me can you feel it? Man, nothin can save ya I believe it's that season for gettin yo papers Or haven't you heard about them birds? We call it that cheese In Texas we get it with ease, hit I-10 if you please But these polices - they think they sharp as creases For no reasons man, they straight up strippin cars to pieces Out of suspicion, or if they thinkin you on a mission Ain't no wishin or prayin, they sayin assume the position Hands behind ya head, down on ya knees You get the case and they get yo weight and yo G's Come on! I use to ride them Port Arthur city streets With a chick with pretty feets and a box of Philly Sweets They tried to finish me but couldn't get it done So somebody told the law Big Bun was the one ridin dirty Man, somebody told the law Big Bun was the one ridin dirty [Pimp C] Sup PA, uh, what, ridin dirty Beamount, yeah, uh, man, ridin dirty Uh, ridin dirty, uh, ridin dirty Uh, chillin in New York, ridin dirty Uh, big D-Town, know what I'm talmbout, ridin dirty That big H-Town, know what I'm sayin (wussup Southside) Ridin dirty, uh, uh, ridin dirty Uh, southwest ridin dirty, wussup Lord J (know what I'm talmbout) Uh, that northside ridin dirty Yeah, that westside ridin dirty Uh, that, that, that eastside ridin dirty Uh, California ridin dirty, fools in Oakland ridin dirty My fool Spice ridin dirty, I know that fool Brad ridin dirty And Big Mike ridin dirty, and all my fools ridin dirty Uh, uh, whaaat, Baby ridin dirty And Big Bun ridin dirty, fool Leroy ridin dirty And Big Mitch ridin dirty, Uh, uh uh, all my fools in Louisiana ridin dirty Mister Chris ridin dirty, all my fools in Atlanta ridin dirty South Carolina, North Carolina, ridin dirty Flippin, dippin (ridin dirty) know what I'm sayin Up in Washington, ridin dirty Miami, Florida - where they film the Vice Know what I'm talmbout? Ridin dirty Uh, ridin dirty ... ridin dirty ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K Album: Dirty Money Song: Let Me See It Typed by: dafreestyleking@gamerplanet.com [Pimp C] Let me see it, hold up...hol' up Let me see it, uh...hol' up...let me see it Let me see it...(repeat) Bend over lemme see it Let me see it...(repeat) Bend over lemme see it.. [Bun B] Now, from the city that I live in To the city where I'm from For all the hoes that we done did And the hoes that we ain't done From the ones that fuck for shrimp To the ones that fuck for cum: If you ain't fittin' ta fuck Pimp Then you ain't fittin' ta fuck Bun Got some hoes from the 'hood ('hood) That live to keep it live (live) And some office buildin' boppers (boppers) Workin' 9 to 5 (five) Ball playa baby mama bitches; But to me it ain't no thang Let that monkey hang, baby Let me see it.. Chorus: (Pimp C) (x4) Let me see it, let me see it Let me see it, let me see it Let me see it, let me see it Bend over, let me see it.. [Bun B] Go'on and let a nigga peak (peak) And let a nigga poke (poke) Fuck a nigga from his street (street) And let a nigga stroke (stroke) See, I know that you a freak (freak) From passin' to my folk (folk) Let me bust it in yo' cheek (cheek) 'Til you muthafuckin' choke (choke) It's nothin' but a G thang, baby, when you suck it Steady frontin' in yo' G-strang Go'on lemme fuck it See, we know that you a pro (pro) From shakin' and tuckin' We some grown muthafuckas Like ta get naked, buck it From the back (back), to the front (front) And to the side (side) In the 'Lac ('Lac), wit' a blunt (blunt) Now, where the light (light)? It's a fact (fact): I've seen it Lemme get in between it Now, over bend, once again Bitches, show it like ya mean it.. Chorus: (x2) [Pimp C] Uh...take it off, chick Bend over, lemme see it I'm Sweet James Jones And a trick: I couldn't be it Got a young brown stallion And she 20 years old When she pop it from the back You see that hairy asshole From the A-T-L hoes, to the H-town strippers To the boppers in DeVille That's suckin' us and pullin' zippers Now, it how it make ya feel when you see a pimp shine? Bitch, you wastin' too much time.. Get back up on yo' grind (grind, grind...) Chorus: (x4) [Pimp C] I'm a country-ass nigga; I fucked wit' yo' wife.. If yo' bitch come around We put some dick in her life 'Cause them niggas ain't real Must'a started smokin' rocks It all fell down 'Cause they was bitin' too much cock But what goes up, must come down.. While these bitches suckin' dick And droppin' to the ground.. Every city, every town: I'm ballin' in the mix I'm servin' niggas bricks Keep a bad yellow bitch On my team...sippin' lean Ain't no thang of the past; The '84 Beritz with the slant-back ass Keepin' me a pro, next to my fo' Instead of stackin' cheese He steady screamin' to that ho.. Let me see it [Pimp C] Fuck-ass nigga.. Ol' fuck-ass nigga, get yo' mind on yo' money Hol' up...hol' up (uh)...UGK, bitch Uh (uh)...representin' that South...that South And this ain't no muthafuckin'...hip hop records (fuck ass nigga); These country rap tunes Hol' up...uh So, you could separate us from the rest.. Like I tol' you the last time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K Album: Dirty Money Song: Choppin' Blades Typed by: Brandon_71360@msn.com [Pimp C] Uh...hol' up (hol' up) For all them niggas out there ridin' candy Know what I'm talkin' about? Uh...Uh...Blowin' on somethin' sweet, (uh) Goin' down (goin' down) Hol' up (hol' up)....uh Check it.. [Pimp C] Boys kickin' back, layin' in the shade Ain't nobody trippin' 'cause the money already made The 90s was for jackin', 2000 for the ballers: The drop top Jag or the candy red Impala If you sellin' big cheese, keep pushin', my nigga Polo horses on my bed - fuck Hilfiger I'm Pimp C, bitch, in the ghetto I'm a star I made this for the niggas tryin' ta chop in they cars...cars...cars.. Chorus: (Pimp C) Could I, Would I, Should I break 'em? Uh...I wanna chop blades Could I, Would I, Should I break 'em? Uh...I wanna chop blades Could I, Would I, Should I break 'em? Uh...I wanna chop blades Could I, Would I, Should I break 'em? Uh...I wanna chop blades [Bun B] Now, when I turn my knock up, and bangin' yo' block up Without pickin' my Glock up, I'm raisin' my stock up I got haters on lock-up...boy, they slangin' rock up And bangin' Makaveli 7, crankin' my 'Pac up Now, ain't no stoppin' when the tops start droppin' Hearin' Fat Pat rappin', your hat back capin' In a black 'Lac mackin' wit' a bop in a fade Boy, we fat stack packin', steady choppin' on blades...blades...blades.. Chorus: (x4) [Pimp C] It's time to hit the slab Benz sittin' low I'm puffin' on the 'dro, I got the pistol in the do' I pulled up in my ride, these hoes lookin' hot If she get up on my leatha, then her panties gon' drop I just can't stop...bleedin' my block Got some prime cut cock, I mean some private-ass stock They put it in they mouth and never say no Some nut-suckin' hoes, I mean some dick-suckin' pros That like to get exposed, and play with they nose And bend they pussy over, for my nigga, and touch they toes She do that shit for daddy, but them tricks gotta pay Just like E-40: Pimpin' in a major way It's all for the money She tryin' ta stay paid She steady breakin' niggas on them shiny-ass thangs I'm deep up in the street I'm tryin' to fill my nuts And later on I'ma try to skeet it on her butt...her butt.. Chorus: (x4) [Bun B] Say, nigga, I keeps my rims clean Shinin through a dim scene Got yo' bitch wetter than the captain of the swim team Steppin' out the Caddy, bitch, I'm fresher than Dentyne Slicker than Crisco, sweeter than Nabisco From Philly to 'Frisco where the Don be a Sisqo You better get some Blades if you still ridin' this ho Boys puttin' Swangers on Benzes, it gotta stop If you fittin' ta ride foreign, then, nigga, you gotta chop And Southern niggas still got the nerve to ride D's I ain't hatin' on Daytons, but it's 2000, nigga please It's all about the candy paint, it's all about the Vogues It's all about the slab, baby, it's all about the hoes Got some cars and some pros: some real and some fraud; Hated on by a nigga, hated on by a broad So long as J's sell, and them boppin' hoes slut I'll be ridin' chromin' blades, steady choppin' hoes up...hoes up...hoes up.. Chorus: (x16) [Bun B] Yeah...dedicated to boys choppin' on chromin' thangs Damn blades, know what I'm sayin'? Boys choppin' in the ??? Choppin' in that 4th Choppin' in the 5th Acres Home Southside MLK Southwest ??? Club ??? Boys choppin' on blades in P.A Up and down Gulf Way On the Westside Eastside Boys choppin' in D-town In that Oakcliff In that North Dallas Boys choppin' all over this damn South Boys even be choppin' up in New York Know what I'm sayin'? And that L.A. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Dirty Money Song: Look at Me Typed by: Jbizi@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pimp C talking] Hold up hold up hold up Starring at the bar mutherfuckers Eye pussy-know what I'm talking bout [Verse 1-Pimp C]  I'm Pimp C bitch so what you need (what you need) I got some cocain and some California weed (fornia weed) I fell in love with my chrome-plated bitch (plated bitch) Break it make it pop the trunk and hit the switch (hit the switch) Bitches jockin niggas hatin drunk off gin and soko If he keep on talkin shit I knock his meat out his taco They think I'm playin cuz I'm in gators and rocks (rocks) But I pop this mutherfucker till it stop (stop) {Chorus--Pimp C} So look at me mutherfucker look at me (look at me) Look at me mutherfucker look at me (look at me) When you see me bitch tell me what you see (what you see) Look at me mutherfucker look at me (look at me) [Verse 2-Bun B] Hey... Hey yo I sips the 8 Plus I whips the weight So while you tripps and hate I flips your fate Straight to rip from grapeland Nigga i use to cook a diffrent scale Now what we be scorin will make them beams tripple break Washed out up in the rippas way Makin you miss the whip we take And squeezin mine surely Though I drive horibly Niggas die for me And the killers in the sky swarm me Some fly charmin neiborhood pimps Take a good glimpse Smokin on them Cali Hollywood hemps Look at me {Chorus x 2} [Verse 3-Pimp C] Now I done scrapped and crawled Now whip my benz grip my balls Shit don't pause Y'all niggas know that I don't fuck with y'all Fuck the laws undercovers wanna see me stopped Tap my phone follow my chrome Another hits the block But niggas know that Port Author is to small nigga Thats why the snitches get the pistol to his hilfiger AK-47 test up and I'm bout to bet With a loaded automatic if they catch me I'm goin fed What that bitch said Pimpin ain't dead I'm still gettin head Got your dike bitch in my waterbed Hit her from behin (hind) 4 or 5 times Put that dick up in her spine I done blew your bitch mind look at me {Chorus x 1} [Verse 4-Bun B] It's like monkey see monkey do So fuck you and your funky crew You don't bang in the trunk we do And smokin on skunky to Now fuck me who?-You gots me fucked up Strong arm your city threw them up And leave it bucked up Maybe if you lucked up Naw look like you stuck Chuck Your men of war turned into pussies in menapause Now how the fuck you gon win a war Bitch I'm in a car that will make you go deaf The reason why your hoe left  Makes you wanna go left Whoa nef catch a slow death Cuz bitch my 4 fell Mackin on straight smack a bum I don't brag but I'm toe taggin um Now we draggin um Out the river just like to use Crack the brews And keeps about 50 case I wanna fuck a dike or 2 look at me [Pimp C] Look at him bitch Show your tattoos {*16X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ Devin the Dude Album: Dirty Money Song: Ain't That a Bitch (Ask Yourself) Typed by: agooding@cfl.rr.com, r0llinlacs@yahoo.com [Pimp C] Uhh, you stayin' with that bitch, layin' with that bitch Fuckin' all your paper off, playin' with that bitch At first, all you want to do was fuck with the bitch Years passed by, now you stuck with that bitch Ya fighting mo' and mo' now you fed up with the bitch But you knew that was a ho when you hooked up with the bitch But you trusted the bitch, 'cause you lust for the bitch Ya suck on the pussy and bust nuts in the bitch Now she around this motherfucka pregnant and shit But a child to a bitch, is seen as nothin' but a lic The next thing you know the bitch gotcha in court Tryin' to getcha paper, calling it "child support" Takin' half of yo' shit, talkin' bout a divorce If you don't know the game, then here's a crash course They say "You live with the bitch, so ya common law married. And the bitch done got accustomed to the paper she been having" (Hook: Devin the Dude) Ain't that a bitch? (Pimp C: Ain't that a bitch?) Ain't that a bitch?, now ask yourself ain't that a bitch? Ain't that a bitch? [Bun B] I got a letter from the government, the other day I opened, and read it, it said "Fuck UGK. We've been watching your success ever since you niggas dropped We would've spoke a long time, but we thought you would've flopped Man, two niggas got some nuts, to graduate to mainstream status From being two broke bastards from off the cuts, growing up in a town Where population fifty thousand, only 3 high schools, but 8 sets of low-income housing Look, when you two did "Too Hard To Swallow", we thought it was a fluke When you boys came "Super Tight" we played it cool hand luke "Ridin Dirty" went gold with no video, we gave a break But this MTV award nomination shit just took the cake So read this letter real good and take it as a warning We'll be watching you when you sleep and when you wake up in the morning The people that you running with and everything you do sincerely yours, signed, nigga you know motherfucking who." Ain't that a bitch? [Hook] [Devin the Dude] And just when you thought that pussy was specially for you You put all your trust in the bitch and guess what she do? Round two in the mornin' that ho's gone Then she come with some different clothes on I guess the bitch is so fine, that you pay it no mind You asked her where she been, she said "with one of her friends" that ho lying Her pussy is a gold mine, well that how she feels And she can get a few thangs in exchange for cheap thrills The price of pussy is turning some women to whores And just because they give you some pussy, it ain't yours So I don't trip on it, but I'll stab if I can Then wipe off my weapon, and turn into the traveling man See like I fucked Ruby Tuesday, but Friday I'd had to slap that ho The bitch got knocked up by Rosco, and said I'm the poppa though In this game they got a name for a chick, who's gettin' rich for lickin' nuts and dick Ain't that a bitch? [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ Eightball & MJG Album: Dirty Money Song: Gold Grill Typed by: Brandon_71360@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pimp C] Uh...steady ??? steady ??? Bitch don't never get no rest [Pimp C] Uh...Grippin' the five, I'm a pimp in my mind; I'm 'bout a bitch got some goals, with a good credit line So, we pop the plastic.. If she hustle, I ball Long as she payin' daddy Ain't no problems at all So, we break the mall Now and then we fuck; And then the bitch gon' be cool Long as the paper stay up When she suck on my pipe Them golds shiny and bright.. Got them ??? hittin' that service every fuckin' night I'm tal'in' 'bout NBA tricks NFL tricks NHL tricks Payin' my bitch Grade A pussy and she payin' for my dick; She on my two-way now The bitch done hit a fat dick, a fat dick Chorus: (Bun B) Now tell me what it's all about in that South: Big gold grill in yo mouth With leather inside your car, on yo' back, in yo' house Get in a nigga's ride, the seat feel like a couch Big cheese in my pouch Bitch, if it hurt, say "Ouch" Chorus: (Pimp C) Show ya grill if you will, show ya grill if you will Show ya grill if you will, and you down with the trill Show ya golds if ya bold, show ya golds if ya bold Show ya golds if ya bold, and ya diamonds is cold [Bun B] See this one right here, my niggas We gon' dedicate it To them boys from the ghetto keepin' grills gold-plated Never hated, never will We stayin' forever trill; But boys on the blocks They keep comin' forever ??? Open face with them designs...shit Maybe a rack on top and bottom with a couple of diamonds to add some shine Some niggas got that yella gold Some niggas got that white Some niggas got that platinum and bling, bling 'em all night Shit, I know this boy with one gold, no ice; I know a nigga who got robbed and bought the same teeth twice; Muthafuckas with fangs, symbols of gangs or they squad Some real and some fraud; Spell the name of they broad Got boys that praise the Lord With open face and they cross Some did all thirty-two, and paid a heavy-ass cost So, whether you the boss, the runner, or the square C'mon down to the South; We got gold grills everywhere Chorus [MJG] Gold in the middle, they stay shiny One on each canine; You get one free if you not paid on government aid Go get some shades You blindin' hoes with 14 carat sun rays But while they all up in yo grill They vision blurry for days Stacked, and ya say, "But couldn't I just stop at one" just like Lays You left the whole jaw twinkle, to stick a rag in ya face You buff 'em and shit; They sparkle like the comets in space I got two crosses with a diamond, heart, a club, and a spade [Eightball] White ice on ???; that's what we be flippin', Ball 3rd Ward to The Mound You know that we keep it raw 8Ball on my grill, baby, love it when I smile; Say it make her pussy wet And make her nipples get all hard I try to break myself from the same ol' pattern In the boulevards scattered, full a hatin': nigga chatterin' Hoes, if you ask me, "What them niggas be about?" Hate me 'cause my flow official And I'm from that Dirty South Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Dirty Money Song: PA Nigga Typed by: agooding@cfl.rr.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: Bun B] Man, I been feelin' caged in They try to stop us shackled us and dropped us Tacklers, sackers, no propers, just smack us Floppers, pro-tractors, ho-hoppers attack us Broke crackers, no actors just coppers with choppers With random and ?ricos? With cameras and peep holes Can't stand us, we chose the scandalous, who planned this your people? Fuck that you hero bucked at by weavels, and muskrats to seagulls Touch that to bank rolls and c-notes to stank hoes and beagles Drunk folks, clay folks, gay folks now we go to peep holes Moving stars required, (?) nevermind my appearance Leave your insurance for your clearance Bitch, I roll for gun for endurance not a gimmick, nigga this ain't "Mommy Dearest" A lot a said and clearing the closest and the freshest This is that underground shit from Port Arson, Texas [Chorus: Bun B] I'm a PA nigga, trill ass nigga, how the fuck you figure you can buck me down nigga I don't fuck around nigga I'm from the underground nigga Keep a bad yellow bitch that can fuck me down nigga I'm a PA nigga, trill ass nigga, how the fuck you figure you can buck me down nigga I don't fuck around nigga I'm from the underground nigga Keep mack up in my shit for my fucking pound nigga what? [Verse Two: Pimp C] I'm a big body flipper, syrup sipper I keep two bitches so they call me Jack Tripper Three years coming it, four as a rider Only room for one dick bitch when I'm knocking you down Got that dope by the pound, red jag on the ground You can hear when I'm comin because I'm bangin' surround And I'm getting my paper, so bitch fuck what you heard My niggas ready to hit it they just wait for the word Sell pipes and birds, water and herb, but not on the corner because my ho self-serve When I'm ridin' the city, my car might swerve My vision be blurred but I don't hit the curb I got rich in the ghetto with my microphone Everything I ride on wood and chrome Ever since "Big Pimpin" I've been seeing the clones Now everybody on they videos doing a sweet Jones [Verse Three: Bun B] We runnin' through this rap game in break-neck speed, break-neck speed Blocks like begs please your lex keys Your checks freeze, your bank account shut down over seas And both of these and toke of these while blowin' trees with cloves of G's Move over please, make room for elbows we sell folks we sell those Felons in jail clothes, it get sticky like Velcro, gently rub her semen Women get tied up in scotch tape, now watch fate take it up a notch Wait, a hot date? baddies boppin under the sun, get blunted with Bun This summer we shun all inhibitions No wonder we gunnin, now watch a stunner become a livin' landmark Hands spark like (?) leave your plans dark Mercury, glistening fuck who dissing it Diss me, can't miss me just can't relate bitch, this my history date No driven for this we wait, to determine 'till eternally burning Quote my destiny, child you're learning it? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ C-Note Album: Dirty Money Song: Holdin' Na Typed by: agooding@cfl.rr.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: Pimp C] Going down,say bitch, tell me what you think about me? I keep a bad yellow hammer bitch cooking G's And I got a candy '84 on 3's And I keep these R&B bitches on they knees I pimp so hard I was fucking up the game Nigga, you're a lame you ain't holding like Sweet James They (??) on my phone, call me Sir Jones Make a lot a money, so I keep the chrome 20's on the car, keep a pint of bar Gripping on the wood, playing above the law Hustlas, ballers, selling boys cane Fuck y'all pussy niggas too, it's whatever y'all wanna do....do [Chorus: Bun B] Dollars, we foldin' na, slab, we rollin' na, bitches we controllin' na Man, I'm Holdin na (Repeat 4x) [Verse Two: Bun B] Man, I break the scene, way before I became a teen Crushing boys on the boulevard from summer to spring Music orientated, so when the rap game originated I beat it like puzzle pieces, niggas could fade it I made it to levels that other players only dream Brought heat to the scene, make the on me cream And my money went from green to poppin' chrome Plus I Got my self a yellow jazzy (????) to bone Got the home and the cars, got the plaques and the stacks But mane back in the days, it wasn't nothing like that Shit, I remember when at first they wasn't really with it But they damn near shitted on themselves when we did it 'cause we holdin' na [Verse Three: C-Note] I'm holdin' na, big Benz looking swollen na Because we young, they probably thinking that we stole it na My papers' foldin' na, cigars, we be rolling na And it's the whole third coast and we control it na Down south we sippin' nothin' but bar Four TV's in my cars, I'm a ghetto star Chromin' blades on escaldes and parking lot pimpin' We got these broads steady trippin' cause it platinum we shippin' From Clover Land to PA (Port Arson) It be on for life And if you fucking with them boys, you might lose your life Niggas runnin' in your crib, you might lose your wife And if we (???) at the light you might lose your ice It's the C the N to the O-T-E And you can crown me like a king, like my niggas UG I put it down for (???) and that SUC We hit the spots on all the blocks, we keep it H-O-T nigga we holdin' na The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ Big Gipp (Goodie Mob) Album: Dirty Money Song: Don't Say Shit Typed by: agooding@cfl.rr.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: Pimp C] Uh, hold up smoke something bitch, uh, uh Everybody want to know why the airplane was late I was waiting for whitey to get fucking paper straight I'm an underground king nigga, lets my nuts hang Nigga saying I'm only in (????) Ain't no thang nigga Everybody rappin like they ballin' and they rich I see em' in the streets, I ain't believing that shit They diamonds ain't shining, and they Rolex ain't real While I'm gripping on this grain, sippin' lean and poppin' pills Fuck how them bitches feel, I'm working wood wheel In a 2000 Seville your stepdaddy can get killed If he keeps talking shit, ain't no thang to get hit On your video you trill, on your record you trying to diss But everywhere we go, we represent the south For Them niggas and Them girls with them golds in they mouth Them boys with them P's and O's in they house It's all about the trill bitch you ain't what this about...about...about [Chorus: Bun B] When you see me on the street, nigga don't say shit Blowin' big on the sweep, nigga don't say shit Everybody want the ice and everybody want to ball But everybody ain't trill so we ain't fucking with y'all When I see you at the show, nigga don't say shit Acting bad with ya ho, nigga don't say shit Everybody want the ice and everybody want to ball But everybody ain't trill so we ain't fucking with y'all [Verse Two: Bun B] Say, nigga ain't got shit to hide I ain't got nothing to prove We ain't got nothing to gain but I got everything to lose So I'm forever bring the blues to the issue Pick and choose if I miss ya, stick and move when I diss ya Disapprove we can get ya and your bullshit, I be the same The game will never be the same, It was made for me yo gain You see the thangs for me to name I go by, so fly, oh my, flow sly Wait awhile you know why (Why?) too many niggas pop collars and drop dollars Baby ballin' bullshitter frontin' like rottweiliers No bark, no bite, but showing thangs Talking loud like they knowing thangs I'm from Texas nigga, all we do is blow them thangs Fuck your clique, your corner, your city, your last name Stuck in the fast lane,(????) your ass mane Bask at the light, blast at the day, blast at the night Got your ass in a fight It ain't no passing tonight [Verse Three: Big Gipp of Goodie Mob] People waiting, some be hating, I'll be shaking, they'll be faking Waiting for me to fall, but yet they comin' off the wall Till I'm ready keep that gun steady and ready For anybody crossing the line with that fuck shit I got a (????), got a hoe, got a trunk with the funk Got the radio on pump when I come through a slump Remember me? The one that had your back up in the club? Remember me? The one that bring you on and show you love? Remember me? The one that rolled by deep in a cadillina With a rusty ass niner looking for trouble So what? I know the same streets you know Yeah so what? I go the same places you go I got the mark in my skin so you know my set I'm the heart, you the place, I'm always first, you always late I'm the king in these streets till the muthafucking end So you fuck with me, you gotta fuck with my friend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Dirty Money Song: Dirty Money Typed by: agooding@cfl.rr.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: Bun B] Say, look here man I'm a rapper Hold up, let me take that back I make rap music, but that don't mean all a nigga do is rap But that don't matter I've been labeled, stigmatized, stereotyped There's an entertainment disease worse than cancer, a venereal type I spit imperial-type game like Digga from the Sqaud But they act like they can't separate a real nigga from the fraud Rule number one: never send a boy to fuck a grown ass lady And respect the game 'cause the game is known to be gone fast baby Now It's a long pass maybe you should try diving for it Fools act like they striving for it hit Total Request Live and blow it Knowing ain't a giving and nothing is See all this candy-coated and bluffing is detrimental to our beautiful black southern kids Enough of this man, let's get this here straight like creases It's a never-ending cycle and motion that never ceases It's compresses and releases and for the love of Jesus It's breaks the soul, now we forever left to pick up the pieces it's dirty money (Chorus: Bun B - repeat 2X) Niggas laughing but ain't a damn thing funny You gotta have paper in this land of milk and honey Yeah, it's bright outside but not nessicarily sunny And no matter how you make it, it's all dirty money baby [Verse Two: Pimp C] Every drug I sold was for the dirty money Most of my niggas is dead because the game is funny You could get your life took at the drop of the dime But I'mma pimp till the end and keep my money on mind Most of my life I've been broke trying to save my bread I never ask to be hustling now I watch out for feds 'Cause niggas be talking and giving up game About the cheese, the green, the pills, the coke D's I marry my pockets, so now I chase my queen Keep a thang for the haters with the red beam Every since fifteen I've been a big money fiend Sippin' cold codeine and pulling up clean Popping up at the spot and dropping the top And keep a bad yellow (???) with my dick on rock uh! (Repeat Chorus) [Verse Three: Bun B] You can't get no house, no car No weed, no bar, no flash, no show No class, no flow, no help, no love No liquor, no drug, no clique, no crew No tracks to flow to, no pager, no phone No flavor, no zone, no fiend, no cut no wife, no slut, no name, Nowhere in the game to get me five No nothing without that dirty ass M-O-N-E-Y (Repeat Chorus) [Verse Four: Pimp C] My momma taught me what the value of a dollar should be But everybody I saw balling was rolling selling Ki's In the late 80's niggas pulling up on D's Putting dick up in these hoes and making 'em pay fees Learn how to ride dirty 'cause ain't shit for free Then all them niggas got popped that's all I needed to see For some the dope game cool 'cause that's all that they could be I know God ain't put me down here just to be serving no fiends(Repeat this line 2x) (Repeat Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ DJ Paul, Juicy J Album: Dirty Money Song: Like a Pimp Typed by: eMufukinRowdy@hotmail.com {*Scratching: "Like a pimp"*} [Bun B] Say bitch I'm thinking of a master plan And I'm bringing this paper faster than These other lil bastards can So I'm digging in my mind for the bitches I broke And keep a player paid in full cause pimping ain't no joke You want to pop that pussy that's a slim ass chance Put the paper in the panties when you get that dance This C.O.D. nigga, so you can keep your nuh plastic cards No checks, no money orders, Visas or Master Cards Original old school rock balling rappers Bitches still say we high side call us sky cappers But why slap us when you think a nigga down on his luck You try and flag us when you see us coming down in a buck Now what the fuck part of the game taught y'all that bitch play See we makes a bitch pay Like a bitch weigh And then a bitch stay Wouldn't sit still Fuck how this shit feel This ain't studio pimping This shit real pimping [Chorus #1: Pimp C] I got them bitches popping pussy getting buck (getting buck) And you know that we couldn't give a fuck (give a fuck) I got them bitches on the corner selling cock (selling cock) And the game that we go don't stop (don't stop) I got them thug ass niggaz with the syrup (with the syrup) And you know that we always blowing herb (blowing herb) And in the club man you know we stay strapped (stay strapped) And bitch you know that it ain't about this rap (ain't about this rap) [Bun B] To many niggaz out here buying hoes a meal Nigga that ain't the way a bitch supposed to feel I close the deal from the front door Fuck me right and suck me tight And you just might hit the blunt hoe I don't stunt and blow smoke up your ass baby But don't be acting all saditty with class baby You with a nigga such as my self it'll cost you So pay before a nigga fuck around and be the tosser [Pimp C] Sweet Jones, gripping grain With all that shit you talk ain't got no bezatine chain And most of y'all niggaz ain't nothing but tricks But we sipping lean and breaking bricks Popping pills, work the wood wheel Fuck where you're from and fuck how you feel If you want to go to war I'll take you to war I got an AK-47 and a tek in the car [Chorus #2: Pimp C] I got them bitches popping pussy getting buck (getting buck) And you know that we couldn't give a fuck (give a fuck) I got them bitches on the corner selling cock (selling cock) And the game that I got don't stop (don't stop) I got them thug ass niggaz with the syrup (with the syrup) And you know that we always blowing herb (blowing herb) And in the club man you know we stay strapped (stay strapped) And bitch you know that it ain't about this rap (ain't about this rap) Bitch niggaz getting hit in the front (in the front) I give a fuck bitch you can hit the blunt (hit the blunt) And everyday young boys that's paid (that's paid) Lay it down when we chopping on the blades (chopping on the blades) [Juicy J] I'm always trying to put in work Niggaz wanna do my dirt Balling down on Beale Street Sipping on a pint of syrup Chopping up the chronic weed Picking all the fucking seeds Trying to slow my roll In my trunk I got them fucking keys Always riding Chevy things Shining on them twanky things Kids I'm a role model Police I'm a dope man Can't forget to check my traps Got me cheese a player slap People say that pimping dead Never has it left my mouth Optimos a fifth of crown Red eyes with a frown Niggaz with them gold teeth Fast talking on the town Some of us are under cover Make your baby mama love us Knot in my right pocket Left pocket got them rubbers Right hand Rolex watch Stuffed shirt plastic glock Back pocket Chevy keys Ready for the brain wash I'mma go pimp a bitch I'mma like wicked witch Always got to watch your friends Backstabbers cause a snitch [DJ Paul] Now see let me blow your mind the real business in the wind The main thing fucking up these hoes is their fucking friends You remember back in day it was niggaz pimping hoes Take a look around now it be hoes pimping hoes What the business what the deal man these hoes got me fucked Make me walk up in the strip and kind of get like buck Oh you fucking with my cheese oh you fucking with my paper Bitch you got to pay the piper even if you straight rape her I ain't mad about my girl licking pussy with a girl Cause she got to get it done but that thing ain't my world Bitch I'll tell you what your job and your job nonstop I need the spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch I need the coke keys, door keys, low keys, rover keys On knees and Bentley's, mozzarella cheese Now nigga now you talking hoes get to walking And I ain't trying to hear that bullshit bitch walk (Bitch!) [Chorus #2] [Pimp C] Hold up, hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK, Kool Ace, Too $hort Album: Dirty Money  Song: Pimpin' Ain't No Illusion Typed by: derrich@hotmail.com  Pimp C: (Uh, Uh) One time for yo' muthafuckin'...(whuut) Back, bitch (uh)...Kool Ace (whuut), UGK...(huh) Chorus (Pimp C): Pimpin' ain't no illusion, And pimpin' ain't never died. Mo' pimps was on that heroin And yo' pimp tripped out on that fry. The dikes done came through And straight threw off all the game; Got all these hoes thinkin' They could manage they own change. Kool Ace: But it ain't no illusion, I know...you all have witnessed He rollin' in my Caady mo' Wit' fly bitches, Makin' ole deals: Now, ho (huh, huh) Ain't Bob Barker But I'm caught up in this game Mo' like...Peter Parker. P-I-M-P, take the P's that I am. I want you payin' hoes in my army Like...uh...Uncle Sam, And we gon' jam... I'm talkin' 'bout the world greatest show I know my shit is extreme But I'm all about them does. When I'm steppin' on the scene Be there four deep...hella clan My reality is your favorite dream (Stop that shit, daddy...) Best believe Kool Ace gon' keep it real. Pimp C & Bun B to testify for the ear Excuse me, y'all, but this about Southern shit. Now, tell me can you...uh...feel this, bitch? We givin' 'em brain contusions... Pimp C, what's the conclusion? Pimp C: Pimpin' ain't no illusion... Chorus: (x2) Pimp C: Pimpin' ain't dead...nigga, it just began (How the fuck you know Sweet Jones?) My hoes still out there sellin' ass. Yo' bitch is out of pocket, 'Cause yo' pimpin' was scary; Real hoes gon' front on a simp But she gon' do it for daddy. Fuck niggas watch them mack and pimp on my floozie; But, boy, my bitches know the difference Between real pimpin' and movies It's the difference between real leather And that shit at yo' house. I don't know what y'all doin' up there, But we really pimpin' in the South. Every since I was 17, I been stackin' my green: Went for servin' rocks to fiends, And rockin' club full a teens. Went from bumpin' Screw in Houston, Sippin' promythazine, To ridin' in a 8 600 with sheath, To smokin' on sticky green. I'm still Pimp C, bitch I'm claimin' P.A., they hate us; But, me and Kool Ace rollin' a Lexus Sittin' on all gold Daytons. Bitch, take a look around Those hoes steady choosin'. This is the conclusion: pimpin' ain't no illusion. Chorus: (x2) Bun B: If you got any love fo' that broad you wit' Nigga, move her 'fore you lose her, 'Cause a beggar ain't a muthafuckin' chooser. Third leg is a bitch abuser, infamous In cities where big pimpin' is my hoes clean. No AIDS, herpies, cyphillis Come catch a wif a this... Damn, can't you taste it? Now yo' money's up in smoke Like you freebased it. Now bitch replaced it Wit' a sexual favor But don't get mad at real pimpin', nigga Check yo' behavior...and savor The aroma from Promona to Tacoma; Got my pimpin' diploma for bein' a Cadillac chromer. Fuck a Sonoma... I'm on a mission for Benzes Knowin' 'xactly where my ends is, ballin' relentless. And then my friends is Slappin' niggas with glass chins It's funny...sendin' tricks home Broke and defenseless; and, ever since this Boy been pimpin' the pen, I promise never to ever leave home Without my pimpin' again...that's why... Chorus: (x2) Too $hort: You know, I got to tell you players what I'm talkin' about: My bitch got bold opened a bank account. When I found the bitch checkbook, I didn't get mad 'Cause there was no doubt that I be gettin' the cash. I broke it down to her, She gave me the dough; Do you remember what you was Before I made you a ho? You was a broke bitch, You couldn't even smoke shit, Couldn't stay fo-cused, And, don't forget it, bitch... Yo' whole life changed the day you met me. Now you think you need a bank account, Baby, I can't see You managin' this money...it's too much. All you do is look good... And then you fuck. Git my money, git yo' money It's all the same. The shit ain't even funny when you talk about this game. They call me Too $hort, baby I'm still in it. Ain't no camouflage, nuttin' but this real pimpin'...beeyatch. Chorus: (x3) ...pimpin' ain't no illusion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: The Corruptor soundtrack Song: Take it Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Take it off.. 	Baby take it alll.. off.. [Pimp C] Uhh, take it off chick, bend over, let me see it If you lookin for a trill-type figure, let me be it Got the V-12 Benz, parked outside It ain't enough room to fit dem guls in my ride It's onna, work somethin, twerk somethin basis Makin big change, dancin in them tricks faces She sleep in the day, but bump some booty at night You kiss that thang and I'm out, cause she been playin with my pipe Now get your mind right, hater, you a simp (a simp) And I'm a red hot undercover pimmmmmp (pimmmmp) that make them guls get down on the flo', on the flo' Like a real live money makin pro, uhh Chorus: Pimp C You gotta take it off, take it off, UNH And let a first class nigga break you off, chick You gotta take it off, take it off, UNH And let a first class nigga break you off some, chick [Bun B] Unh.. It was a Secret that Victoria tried to hide A little sly delight, I done pushed my pride aside just to slide inside, man I done died tonight Now what I'm 'sposed to do? Been got close to you Lookin like a poster to, don't wanna boast but you Missus do a Dr. Feelgood, lay a playa real good Limpin came back, and it was still good, she will put a few tips in her mouth, that's that definition of them true chicks in the South, let me do my thang on the cool quick to the crotch, get the beds but guess what? We kickin them hot, shakin it soft, shoulda been here She did eight and the law, but you was late and you lost Man she was takin it off Chorus [Pimp C] I'm sitting, touchin' with my diamonds on, and man I miss that boy Pac, sippin' liquor tryin' to grip the chrome I keep a chip off in my cell phone, they used to call me Pimp C but now the chicks they call me James Jones And if I skip I'm back to D-slangin, keep them boys nod-headed Keep the boppers with they butts swangin I used to be the young playa holdin Now I leave them guls with they jellyroll swollen, I'm rollin Chorus [Bun B] Comin direct from the Gentlemen's, full of that flint again Live on stage fellas, this is Cinnamon Fine, Black and feminine, I'm fin to win, look at the sin I'm in Full of hallucinogens, me her and her friends Now the venom in my snake, wanna poison Come in with a brother and the boys and make sure you don't forget to bring the toys and we stuck it check it, we gots to keep em gettin bucked naked Makin it soft, we keep these boppers takin it off Chorus 2X [Pimp C] Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Dirty Money Song: Woodwheel Typed by: Codster16@aol.com Pimp C: Uh...whuuuut (hehe) Smoke somethin', bitch...smoke somethin'... Pimp C: I'm up early 'cause my nigga Don't sell dope after night time. Love choppin' blades, rollin' hooptie 'N move the dope through the pipeline Pimp C, bitch...holla at yo' bitch, Now yo' bitch on my team; Got her buyin' us sticky green Lace some with promythazine Candy sweets, a candy bitch, You lookin' at a candy boy. I done came down Main and popped trunk; Hit the switch on my candy toy. We all young ghetto boyz, That's why we act this way. Tryin' to see a million dollars, Hopin' these niggas don't blast today. Bun B: Pro smoke, pro choke, Anti-broke, conservative liberal Left-wing slangin', right-wing hangin' In criminal court, it's civil. In the middle of re-al-it-y Unsolved mys-ter-ies riddle, Knockin' over fat cats, And gettin' my thoughts off bits and kibbles. On note pads I scribble, Write rippers that'll make you think. Snap so hard it'll break your synchronicity, Fuck it, take it, trick, I fake it...blink 'n poof We disappearin' into a shroud of dozier Cloud composures, all-nighters like Folger's But, bitch, I tried to told ya... Chorus: (Pimp C) Rollin' Seville (rollin' Seville), Grippin' my steal (grippin' my steal), My Tahoe real, man, I'm workin' wood wheel. Sedan DeVille (sedan DeVille), House on the hill (house on the hill), Countin' up my scrill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Nigga, how you feel (nigga, how you feel), I feel so trill (I feel so trill), Might pop me a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. House on the hill (house on the hill), Marijuana fields (marijuana fields), Grippin' my steal, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Bun B: They tellin' me, "Bun don't go there" But, man, I just gots to bring it. These niggas, they wanna hate on that Texas, But scared to sing it. They don't know what that star 'bout They don't know what that bar 'bout They don't know what that candy car 'bout Or smokin' that joint 'bout. All they know is what the fuck I tell 'em Or what the fuck we sell 'em Smokin' Swishers, wood grain, And leavin' stains on cerebellums. Rebellum, propell 'em, gel 'em From P.A. to Deep Ellum. Tell 'em I tol' 'em Wrote 'em, fuck it, phone 'em To hell to heaven. Pimp C: I just spent 60 G's On a brand new Eldo-reeze: Black-on-black, drop top 'lac; Northstar fifth wheel on back. Sometimes I feel like Lil' Ke When my trunk steady hummin' Had to leave my bitch 'Cause I fell in love with my chrome-plated woman. I love my wood wheel Grant, '84 Cadillacs that slant, Slowed-down Screw tapes that knock, Blowin' on Green private stock. Bitch, I don't eat hamhocks, Try 20-ounce Angus beef. Hangin' with young niggas, that pack big triggas, 'N got big-ass diamonds off in they teeth. Chorus: (Pimp C) Fifth wheel and grill (fifth wheel and grill), Candy Seville (candy Seville), Might pop a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel (workin' wood wheel). House on the hill (house on the hill), Flexin' mils (flexin' mils), Countin' up my scrill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Comin' down so trill (comin' down so trill), Nigga, how you feel (Nigga, how you feel)? Might pop a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Grippin' the steal (grippin' the steal), Nigga, I'm so real (Nigga, I'm so real). Bitch, how you feel? Nigga, I'm workin' wood wheel. Bun B: Smokin' on bionic, ubonic chronic...it's so ironic. Sippin' gin and tonic: supersonic like Johnny Mneumonic. We crash your party, piss on your parade, Sip syrup like it's Lemonade >From Paris to the Palasades to the Prominade. Bomb and fade, closes the car, break worlds, it's plain as day. That's the game we came to play, It don't change, ain't a thang to say. Pimp C: It's goin' down in the H-Town, Young playa from the South 'bout to blaze a pound; Tryin' to find me a bopp with some good mouth... I know you freaky bitches know what I'm talkin' 'bout. Ain't got no time to play, girl; Let me get a little throwed off some good skunk. Bitch, didn't you know who the fuck I was, Off in the street, lookin' for the good stuff? Bitch, I don't give a fuck about yo' man, so Bitch tryin' to fuck fast, I'ma fuck slow. How the fuck you're gonna out-fuck James, ho? Like Teddy Pendergrass, you better let it go. Bun B: Gettin' ready fo'...head doctors, show shockers, body rockers, Late-night do' knockers... Gotta break us off big pimpin', baby, we ho clockers, Bitch bosses, takin' no losses, best go ask aks Lil' Wee-wee. Baby brother, Sweet James Jones: guerilla pimpin' at its finest. Leavin' haters and ho-hustlers behind us, rewind us... Pimp C: Touched like Midas, these bitch-ass niggas they study and bite us. Couldn't not recite us, come to our show, And bitch niggas try to fight us. Ho niggas scream and talk, trill niggas bust and leave... How the fuck you're gonna go to war When you bitch-ass niggas ain't got no cheese? Chorus: (Pimp C) Blowin' big kill (blowin' big kill), Million-dollar deals (million-dollar deals), Nigga, I'm so trill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel... Uh...puttin' down one time for the king, Lil' J Smoke somethin', bitch. Artist: E-40, B-Legit, UGK Album: The Corruptor soundtrack Song: The Corruptor's Execution Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pimp C] Hold up.. It's the motherfuckin Corruptor! Since I came I was a hustler It's a shame, I got to blow out niggaz brains to make these motherfuckers peep my game, I let em hang to the flo', snot on the snow, and full of kicked on rivals It's for survival, in the intestines of the city Cause the game's shitty, and Piggly Wiggly on the payroll So they can't bust us And we shine like diamond clusters, cause we some made motherfuckers [Bun B] Because I take out my weapon and I quickly start bustin I go, cold loco lay em down by the dozen I look at my riders, they say nothing's confusin Why why why? (It's the Corruptor's execution) (It's the Corruptor's execution) [E-40] I be workin and twerkin my portable digital triple beamer scale like a teeter-totter! (Teeter-totter!) Kind of like a see-saw, up and down (up and down!) A hundred and twelve milligrams of some of that there soft white baby powder, equals a ? up the Valley Heat up in the garbage dumpster, "Who's sack is dat?" All the tiffles and po'po' (and what happened) I got it back (BITCH!) Don't make me do ya (don't make me do ya..) I know these streets, like the Grayson's know jujitsu [Bun B] Because I take out my weapon and I quickly start bustin I go, cold loco lay em down by the dozen I look at my riders, they say nothing's confusin Why why why? (It's the Corruptor's execution) (It's the Corruptor's execution) [B-Legit] I'm havin small change, with gats and hundred sacks I got to ball main (ball main) with thangs, I let em hang It ain't at all strange (at all strange) with game, remain the Savage And cabbage, got to come, if not, five-oh for one I come with guns smokin (guns smokin) leave you croakin in Oakland without no words spoken (words spoken) put the Chevy in drive and ride the block hopin (block hopin) not to choke up in ? with the strap, and the kick in the back, imagine that [Bun B] Because I take out my weapon and I quickly start bustin I go, cold loco lay em down by the dozen I look at my riders, they say nothing's confusin Why why why? (It's the Corruptor's execution) (It's the Corruptor's execution) [Pimp C] Now we get the cash the stash and bash your brains all over this dashboard Give up the hash, and get you some gas who'll blast you main in man's sport Now BRRRR stick em I kick em, Bobby you lick em We stole em and brick em to death K.S.'ll go left, finger flick em, bitches is breathin they last motherfuckin, breath On the real how you feel about caps get peeled I just baby deal with the talk You backin the guns and all the law So just hopin these bastards know that we strong Fuckin em quick in the back with the dick then make sure ? don't know throw a trick in Keep yours eyes on Nich-en Cause we stickin the Bic in, any sick then [Bun B] Because I take out my weapon and I quickly start bustin I go, cold loco lay em down by the dozen I look at my riders, they say nothing's confusin Why why why? (It's the Corruptor's execution) (It's the Corruptor's execution) .. Because I take out my weapon and I quickly start bustin I go, cold loco lay em down by the dozen I look at my riders, they say nothing's confusin Why why why? (It's the Corruptor's execution) (It's the Corruptor's execution) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Celly Cel f/ U.G.K. Album: The G-Filez Song: Pop the Trunk Typed by: BONETHUG11@MSN.COM [Pimp C] Smoke somethin' I just bought me a Coupe Deville Took out the air bag put in a wood wheel Now all the ATL niggas wanna jack cuz I'm from Texas Never seen candy with the fifth on the back I'm comin' down the west end, niggas tryin' to jack And bust a right Coney Island pop the trunk and started cappin' Niggas was happenin' put they Burboun to the floor nigga Hard to bust back but I was penetrating they doe Nigga in PA, it's like the wild, wild west Cuz we all pack pistols and we all wear vests When the shit pop out, who gon stunt Nigga ain't shootin' me first I fin to pop the trunk [UGK] [Bun B] - These niggas keep talkin' like they want the funk [Pimp C] - But niggas love to talk shit I fin to pop the trunk [Bun B] - Runnin off at they dick suckas gettin' it crunk [Pimp C] - Nigga I'm high off this weed I fin to pop the trunk [Bun B] - Steady frontin' like a man but you show me a punk [Pimp C] - Man I knew he was a bitch I had to pop the trunk [Bun B] - All we really came to do is just smoke some skunk [Pimp C] - These niggas steady runnin' me hot I'm fin to pop the trunk [Celly Cel] You niggas didn't know that I was outta control Slow yo roll for I put this chopper straight to yo fo Head you better off dead than to fuck around with psycho niggas Don't be trying to plead yo case cuz I don't even like no niggas In my face, trying to question me about some drama Only answer to two people: God and my mama Far as niggas tryin' to put me in the cross, Let 'em holler at my bitch, Nina Ross hoe house boss I bet you mind somethin' in, run and tell a friend [?] on the Gin, I think he's set trippin' once again It ain't no stoppin' me, get at me then I'm dumpin' on ya, Ridin past yo funeral hangin out the window slumpin' on ya You didn't know, they didn't tell you boy you betta listen While I shoot this shit before you put yourself in that position Niggas that know me know I specialize in havin bump You can have the tailway from the shovel so we can pop the trunk [UGK] [Bun B] - These niggas keep talkin' like they want the funk [Pimp C] - Man cuz his bitch chose me I fin to pop the trunk [Bun B] - Runnin' off at they dick suckas gettin' it crunk [Pimp C] - Cuz I'm fuckin' yo gal I got to pop the trunk [Bun B] - Steady frontin' like a man but you show me a punk [Pimp C] - Nigga tried to jack my car I had to pop the trunk [Bun B] - All we really came to do is just smoke some skunk [Pimp C] - Smokin' at the tittie bar I had to pop the trunk [Bun B] Under Cali's blue skies, smokin' on chronicles and chocolate ties Even when we tell the truth the hoes we lies Man ain't no disguise, doin' ninety week flies Ain't got no time for middle men and small fries Only money conversation and big thighs Let me talk to your boss man, the nigga wit the pies And back yo ass up and don't act so surprised When pistols start to cock, hands start to rise Nobody move too fast I advise Or you can catch a hot one right between ya eyes Recognize I done set me sights on the prize And put lights out with boom biddy bye, bye's I'm livin' my life off of rap and weed highs And act my age but not my fuckin' shoe size But fuckin' wit us ain't wise We get crunk, we came to pop the trunk What, the trunk [Bun B] - These niggas keep talkin' like they want the funk [Pimp C] - I knew he was the police I had to pop the trunk [Bun B] - Runnin' off at they dick suckas gettin' it crunk [Pimp C] - Man I'm sippin' on [?] poppin' the trunk [Bun B] - Steady frontin' like a man but you show me a punk [Pimp C] - [?][?][?] I had to pop the trunk [Bun B] - All we really came to do is just smoke some skunk [Pimp C] - To make it, make it crunk I had to pop the trunk [Pimp C] I know that they some bitches had to pop the trunk California to Texas poppin' the trunk UGK and Celly Cel we bout to pop the trunk Sippin' on Hennessy [?] I fin to pop the trunk, bitch Smoke somethin' D time, PA, uh, '97 Smoke somethin Representin money, like Too $hort bitch Huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Side Hustles Song: Pocket Full of Stones (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C] UHH... [Chorus 2X] I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) [Bun B] When I first started back in 1989 I wasn't movin keys, I was barely movin dimes Started comin up, fiends recognize my face I was payin off the law so I wouldn't catch a case You want a freebase, I got them hovers for ya right A boulder on your pipe and you can get high as a kite Cash went to stacks, then they went to piles (UHH...) Thanks to them dope hittin crack vials [Pimp C] Back in the days, they used to run up sayin, "Pimp C, what you know?" I told 'em, "Get this crack and get yourself-away-from-me-bro" Cause everywhere I went, it became an instant cut Cause they knew I cut them twentys and them big fat monkey nuts A fiend gon' be a fiend, you can't change no fiends I guess So I just let 'em smoke until they taste the Brillo Pad in they chest Now they won't leave me alone Cause they know I got a whole pocket full of stoooooones... Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... and they won't leave my ass aloooooooone.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) [Pimp C] Check it, uh, I bought a Cadillac, parked it to a street top Got me a family, started pushin crack rock Rock crack sho' paid GOOD in the city that's  had a lil' gal for every letter in the alphabet  Annie and Brenda, Carla and Dee And a whole lot a fiends that used to do me up for free... I bought my first key from my baby momma brotha Cooked it up myself and started passin out them hovers Everybody in my family was clockin loot Sold my Cadillac, I got a brand new Lexus Sports Coupe Huh, got a house on the hill, got a boat on the lake Got a detail shop to cover up them duckets that I make It's to the point where I don't SEE, dope, no mo' Still smoke that weed, still drink beer, aaaaand 'cro Now them laws won't leave me alone Cause they know, all my posse got them pocket full of STOOOOONES... Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... and they won't leave my ass aloooooooone.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) [Bun B] Livin real smooth like Aloe Vera lotion Sellin crack rock, the devil's love potion (yeah!) Three wheel motion on my Buick Park Ave Fiends used to smoke twenties, now they smokin slabs Paid like a fat rat, clientele is big If anybody try to gank me, I'ma split they wig Suck me up and lick me up, just to get a bump Forget black Caesar, brothers call me black Trump Pistol grip PUMP, in my lap at all times Brothers step on other brothers cut but they don't step on mine Got my money totalled for a big time scream 17-5, I got a bird - yeah key! I put my boys down so they wouldn't have to rob Now my click is comin up, just like the mob My workers got workers, everybody's makin green Gettin cash for puttin stones in the pockets of the fiends Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (uh, yeah) Got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) I got a pocket full of stooooooones.... (yeah) Got a pocket full of STOOOOOOOOOONES.... (give it away, give it away, give it away now) [Bun B] Keys are movin daily, the products to the max (max) Me, Byrd, and Pimp C is makin big fat paper stacks (stacks) The game is gettin silly, dope is so easy to sell Pay everybody bail, ain't no spendin time in jail I got 'em makin sales cause it's all about that green Mo' workers, mo' workers, my faith ain't on the scene My attitude is mean because I keepin my respect Ain't nobody out of line because I got 'em all in check I broke a cop's neck, cause he step outta place Dead pig, murder one, now I got time to face The judge that sent me got capped, by Byrd and C And now my boys are sittin up the river next to me Fo' years pass and we back on the shoulder Hit the cuts with fifty up, bought a nice fat boulder Cut up to a nice fat pile of hover tens Gotta pocket full of stones startin all over agaaaaa-in [Byrd - Outro] Yeaaaaah...Big ladies annnnnd big babiiiies It's the nine-treeeees, REALLY DO-ooooe... REALLY DOE, you don't hear me! But anyway, {*inhales*} yeeaaaaah... oh...Big Baby 3-2 in the hooooo-OWWWWWOOOUUSE... Uhhh, and we got soul baby Pimp C in the HOOOOOWWOOUSE-UH And we got, the atomic baby Bun Beeeeee... UHHH, and we got, Byrd baBEEEEYYYYYYY.. CHRONIC...[*laughs*] [Chorus, giggling, and weed smoked-out ad-libs and "shout-outs" continues as music slowly fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: Hogg in the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hold up (hold up bitch) Sweet Jones in this bitch P-I-M-P, representin the trill-ass niggaz Sweet Jones, cuttin you fucker I'm a hog in the game {*3X*} I got some wet and some round I'm a hog in the game, I got some wet and some round I got some white and some syrup, I'm tryin to sew up my town I'm a.. [Pimp C] I'm a pig on the streets, I'm a slug in the game Puttin D on the corner heavies fuck with my name They call me Sweet James, keep cocaine Doin 90 in the Benz switchin lane to lane I'm a candy-mayne, hot like a flame Your jewelry look funny, that ain't no byzantine chain Take that monkey watch off, you a bitch to me You can use my style but you gon' pay me a fee Cause ain't shit for free, I'm on a poppin spree Rap-A-Lot mafia life, ain't no stoppin me They call me Tony Montana because I'm lettin 'em hang When you see me recognize I'm a hog in the game [Pimp C] Young hog, vicious dog, keep a bad-ass yellow broad On the slab, in the nab, Chef Boyardee in the lab Cook it fat, cut it small, fifteen thousand at the mall Gucci shop, Bally shop, scratch it off, in the drop 2000 C-5, got 3 million from the Jive You was trickin with my hoes, I was playin with my nose Comin down, candy gold, nigga y'all was playin the role Tellin bitches 'bout my past, you can get hit in yo' hat [repeat 2X] I'm a hog in the game, I got some wet and some round I got some white and some syrup, I'm tryin to sew up my town [Pimp C] Maybe you was in yo' drop, that's when my boys love to pop Make his fuckin jelly jump, stepdaddy got hit with a pump Hit with a pump, it's in my lap at all times nigga And ain't nuttin for that fuck boy to get hit nigga Cause y'all niggaz is some motherfuckin hoes When y'all want your rep I saw your motherfuckin clothes Your shoes ain't tight and you're phony at your shows So bend your ass over like a bitch is supposed I make my fuckin music for the boys with the O's The old school pros and the strip club hoes The boys with the hard in the motherfuckin South Bitch you ain't had a hit since I saw you break 'em out [repeat 2X] I'm a hog in the game, I got some wet and some round I got some white and some syrup, I'm tryin to sew up my town The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: I'm a Hustler Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - sung in Mayfield falsetto] I stay paid and, I like blades Old shcool cars and, lovin Maze I've got hoes (I've got hoes) I can show Gettin money a-, ridin Rolls (ridin Rolls) Keep my grind I don't, waste my time Comin up, gettin down for mines I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to have it I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to grab it, ahhh [Pimp C] Deep up in the game, ain't no stoppin I get my money like Johnny 'Guitar' Watson Pimpin them hoes and put the bitch on the track And tell the ho to bring all my money back I wanna holla at that boy Ike Turner You gotta know it's 'bout the paper and you learn her About gettin on the corner for your daddy What love got to do with it, I'm in the Caddy I got a yellow-ass ho that'll suck you up That'll blow in yo' butt ain't scared to fuck And she'll bend over, take it like a G Because you know the bitch down with Pimp C I switched my name, to Jack Tripper Now the hoes tryin to pull down my fuckin zipper And get to that snake with the cobra head I got some homeboys doin life in the fed [Chorus - Mayfield falsetto] + (Pimp C) I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to have it I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to grab it, ahhh (See me on the slab, whippin in the Nav', you already know I'm cookin in the lab) (See me on the slab, whippin in the Nav', you already know I'm cookin in the lab) [Pimp C] When I was young, alls I wanted was a 'llac I used to think them niggaz fiends that was blowin on the weed sack Cause all I did was cut up cheese And sell dope and come through with the thang with ease I used to have, a .25 pistol But now I got some shit that shoot like a missile I tuck a AK, HK too bitch I eat you up I ain't goin for that ho shit Them other niggaz playin games in the streets You think it's 'bout bein lame and makin lame beats We ain't 'bout you and them bitch niggaz Cause fuck boys, could easily get hit with the trigger You think you rich? But you a bitch You see me in the club check my pitch I'm down with J. Prince bitch, and you know that When we come through splittin big niggaz hats [Chorus - Mayfield falsetto] + (Pimp C) I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to have it I'm a hustler baby, and I gots to grab it, ahhh (I'm whippin in the Nav', comin on the slab, you already know I'm cookin in the lab) (I'm whippin in the Nav', comin on the slab, you already know I'm cookin in the lab) [Pimp C] Twenty-fo' I'm a country star, in a country car Got a country-ass bitch, sip country bar Got a country son, got a country chain Come and got in the car, and grippin country grain Sweet Jones bitch, Pimp (peeeimp) knahmtalkinbout? Go out and get that shit I'm talkin 'bout doin, a million records independently sold, on yo' bitch ass So when you see me in the city recognize I'm already paid When you see me choppin on blades, {?} bitch Not them phony-ass blades with no knockers on 'em Representin that side, P.A. to B-zay And ain't no thang to beat a bitch-ass nigga Ain't no Blood and no Crip, fuck-ass nigga I'm {?} I told ya, bitch [ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Lil' Flip, Z-Ro Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: Comin' Up Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pimp C] Hold up (Hold Up), we jammin I can't let nobody hold me down-these ho's could never hold me (never hold me) cause I'm comin down, playa surroundin-livin these ho's fantasy cause I'm choppin'blades and playin maze and these bitches they can't stand it (can't stand it) Peep up in this game and this thing is so demandin' I'm comin up (choppin on dubs and showin 'em love) 2000-Fizive and you are not fly enough (young bitch) Uhhh Hold up young bitch-bitch I just don't wanna stop comin'up [Verse 1: Pimp C] Uhhh it's never too much the paper I make these other pussy niggaz ain't real them ho's fake I'm Sweet James Jones when you come through bitch I treat you good because you know I'm rich I was in the ghetto-had nothin' sold alot of records and grabbed somethin now I'm goin through movies in L.A playin the game the way the hustlers play and everyday I try to stack my grip and make three songs I'm tryna get my mothafuckin paper on I want the new (bone?) and the new cell phone I want the new two way pager and the new mansion home in Houston cause that is my city and them other pussy niggaz they record sound shitty when I see you in the town I'm a hit you up you never could take my dream cause you niggaz fucked up I can't let nobody hold me down-these ho's could never hold me (never hold me) cause I'm comin down, playa surroundin-livin these ho's fantasy cause I'm choppin'blades and playin maze and these bitches they can't stand it (can't stand it) Peep up in this game and this thing is so demandin'-Comin Up [Verse 2: Z-Ro] I remember when I had to come up just to come down that's the reason for my uncontrollable ballin right now use to be scared to walk in the store I payed the price now my life is to valuable for me to play with life now of course it's gon' be some niggaz who think I done changed they find me guility just because now I got diamonds on every thing my mouth and my pinky ring, my wrist and my neck I'm 'bout my business so give me my cash or give me my check see I can biblically remember me and Trae on the block even more then hustlin'sometimes we had to lay on the block eat, sleep, shit, piss, pray on the block to make it through the night to see another day on the block movin rocks got us full pockets-plus knots in our socks but now money be comin in wadd's like blocks let's go half on a Yacht-I got the pot you got the chicken fried steak I can't even hear you haters you've been muted by my paper chase [Verse 3: Lil' Flip] Who would've known that this rap shit would take me far at 18 I had a fifty-thousand dollar car I went from Jag to Benz but not the regular kind now I'm smokin hydro not the regular pine I spitt one freestyle now I'm rockin clubs after "Diamonds N Yo Face" I was coppin dubs I had to make the transition from a boy to a man so if you wanna 16 that's forty-grand rappers talk alot of shit but you ain't stoppin us look you don't wanna bump heads with a mafia (Huh) look you don't know shit about UGK or Mr. Fat Pat and Grey Screw tapes I rep the Screwed Up Click peep the watch I'm wearin I'm the first cat in Houston with a black Leclarion Lil' Flipper tote pistols for them none believers cause down here we poppin trunks on Cadillacs and Regals (Oh boy) [Pimp C] Peep up in this game and this thing is so demandin' I'm comin up (choppin on dubs and showin 'em love) 2000-Fizive and you are not fly enough (young bitch) Uhhh Hold up young bitch-bitch I just don't wanna stop comin'up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Bun B, Twista Album: Sweet James Jones Stories Song: I'sa Playa (Time) Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Pimp C) Uhh Hold up Comin' down Hold up Mm Smoke somethin' (Verse 1, Pimp C) Lately he been flippin' and, stayin' on the grind Tellin' you that you fine, but he ain't spendin' no time I be pourin' wine, tryin' to, knock out your spine Make you mine, from behind, to some slowed down "Bump n' Grind" His thang like a dirty Sweet, from off the street My thang like a O' of indo, from Sacremento Lately y'all been monkeyin', he, call you a bitch Keep me all up in yo' shit, tryina dig you a new ditch Now I admit, that he rich, and that his money is good Got my dicked sucked in his 'Six, I'm fuckin' on leather and wood I'm just a yougin' from the hood, with some dick if ya good With him, you know that you shouldn't With me, you know that you should Go pussy thug, like a glove when I push and I shove Knock a dime out the climb, cause I ain't makin' love See yo' man the type of guy, to get jealous and hit'cha But me, I lick ya where he don't, and suck real hard on yo' nipple My game is sharp as a cicle, she love my pickle And if you gave her a dime, nigga she gave me a nickle So while you thinkin', she done jet, she got my dick on her mind Keep on neglectin' yo' gal, young Pimp C be spendin' yo' time Time (Hook, girl singing) It's, liike Sooome-thing's goin' wrong Something's goin' wrong Guess, we've Been apart, too long Beeeen, aaa-paart (Verse 2, Bun B) Well naturally, I have to be, dead serious, maybe not Let me tell a tale about this broad that thought she played me out Yes, I was impressed, by the sex in her ass W-U-I-S her, Versacci, down like Fran, dress her, bless her heart She was a sweet-tart, but'cha never understood her point in our duo Talkin' smart wit' all that "you know", comin' wit' he-say, she-say From what she heard at the club, bout some chick that I had played on Well bitch, you should have stayed home She mad cause I done told her girl off, but the bitch was wrong, and you You gon' let these messy ho's fuck yo' world off I tried to love her man, but see love is one thang, and dumb is anotha Brotha, I'd be dumb to let her run thangs I should've passed, but I was gassed, super-unleaded And her nappy-headed ass gon' regret it, remember I said it Cause I'm, in a sublime, new state and frame of mind Cause it'd be a crime, for me to waste my time My time (Hook) It's, liike Sooome-thing's goin' wrong Something's goooooin' wrong Guess, we've Been apart, too long Beeeen, aaa-paart (Verse 3, Twista) Did you ever think about who's ass ya girl's was Before the booty had became yours? If a nigga's sane flows, you know everythang goes Fuckin' in it til' it's colorful as rainbows Sportin' furry Kango's, she can't go, rockin' paid shows Paper hard to fold, plus I roll slick, keep talkin' shit If you don't like me, it's most like-ly, cause I done holla'd at yo bitch Why she so thick? Tellin' lies and ya said to be believin' 'em But I make her feel like "Uh-huh", can you do it? "Uh-huh" But when I scoup her up, she know that I'm the one to make a slut-cum Gotta man, he a lame anyway, mother-fuck that stuff Mad cause I snuck that love, baby don't bust that slug So go on head roll up that bud, so we can fuck So wassup? Now we in the Suburb', submerged, watch a movie Or bumpin' U-G, K shit, scoop a bitch or hit the booty How the man, yea I knew g, but she don't usually, say shit Cause the pussy make a motherfucka wanna ball up and cry Chicka-pow-pow, I love them thighs when I'm rollin' aside I ain't gon' up and die, like the guy that we got high Take away more than two hits, two blows She heard my new shit, it was new clothes New golds, carefully Herringbones, and cell-phones But her friend home, now I'm freakin' two ho's If ya girl be wit' me, somethin' nifty, she prob'ly wanna lick me I'm the Twista, I flame a ho pissy drunk and drippy Damn skippy, gamin' it from a shot of Mississippi, now pimp on (Hook, to fade) It's, liike Sooome-thing's goin' wrong Something's goooooin' wrong Guess, we've Been apart, too long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: I Know You Strapped Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com I know ya strapped But you cowards like to play hard But knowing that you don't wanna catch a murder charge See niggaz like to get full of dat weed and liquor Snort a line in you mind now you'se a killa Sweet Jones Story Know what I'm talking bout? P-I-M-P I know you strapped, but you still a fucking bitch nigga Ya talkin' bumpkin cause I know you ain't shit nigga And if you don't shut the fuck up, you'll get hit nigga And we'll put seven in your stomach through yo Hilfiger I went to Dallas and some bitches tried to test me But my nuts too big to let a pussy niggga check me And I ain't laugh, bitch niggaz don't disrespect me You shoulda killed me, bitch the first day that you met me I know ya strapped But you cowards like to play hard But knowing that you don't wanna catch a murder charge See niggaz like to get full of dat weed and liquor Snort a line in you mind now you a killa I told you nigga I don't fuck wit no paid route When I was young that nigga fucked me out some paper dude But to call him to the studio that wasn't cross But bitch you almost got your homeboy broke off Cause Uncle Paul was gonna hit it from the front door The whole time I had my eyes on this yellow hoe Tryin' to talk like an O.G., better shut up Before you get you and your homeboys whipped up I know ya strapped But you cowards like to play hard But knowing that you don't wanna catch a murder charge See niggaz like to get full of dat weed and liquor Snort a line in you mind now you a killa The next night I'm at the kitchen makin' hits and ends I see some niggaz drivin' funny in a square-like Benz And showin' nothing but that bitch that put me in the cross The first line in my mind was to pick him off I said fuck him let's go do it, yeah let's let him talk But if that bitch gon' pull his pistol we gon' kill him off I told that girl what this mafia's like bitch And if you ever try it it's gon' be repercussions across this bitch I know ya strapped But you cowards like to play hard But knowing that you don't wanna catch a murder charge See niggaz like to get full of dat weed and liquor Snort a line in you mind now you a killa You niggaz week so you call Houston for the hit But didn't know that we got gangsta niggaz all over this bitch So now you bitches gotta deal with the King hoe Cause you done call it three times, we just can't let that go And to that forty-two pocket and my precious momma ??? its bitches for life you feel the drama They gon' bring you to the center for that gun-shot drama You could get hit in your Bentley or your Impala I know ya strapped {screwed & chopped} But you cowards like to play hard But knowing that you don't wanna catch a murder charge See niggaz like to get full of dat weed and liquor Snort a line in you mind now you a killa You ain't no gangsta nigga Fucker ass nigga You ain't slappin' nothing here junior Better get your mind right bitch Dedicated to all you old stiff daddy ass niggaz When you… shoulda known not to fuck with me bitch {screwed & chopped} I'm a put it dead on yo ass when it which What happenin' my brother? He was layin' there shaking and bleeding like a mother fucker All you Tupac-ass wanna-be niggaz Get your brains blew out on your dashboard bitch Goin' down Sweet Jones Platinum bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Corey Mo Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: Slow Down Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com Corey Mo (whas happenin?) Sweet Jones I see a lot of niggaz in this rap game man Niggaz moving too mother fucking fast Y'all niggaz need to... Slow down (know what I'm talking bout, hol' up) Niggaz poppin pills, sippin bar, smoking fry and God knows whatever else Niggaz on that Malcolm... X You know like that nigga Breeze said, man the hood gonna catch up with you man You know what I'm saying? [Pimp C] Peep up in the city with the hoes showing ass and titties I'm a ghetto star, and the game's a pity Cause most niggaz get took by the street fame And they can't hold on to their spot in this dirty game I see a lot of niggaz sign record deals But they fall off, cause they niggaz wasn't real But I've been in this thang since '92 Getting my money, doing what the hustlas do Through the wars, having no cars Going to jail, rapping behind bars Putting it down wit' Bun B When we was broke out on the streets Trying to come up on a motha fucking Swisher Sweet I used to sell weed, then I sold crack I used to ride in a old-school gold 'llac Fleetwood wit' cherry lights I sold that bitch to that boy Mo, that's why we come down at night Slow down (know what I'm talking bout?) {*repeated*} [Pimp C] Bitch now I drive a big Benz (big Benz) And spend big money, with my motha fucking hustling friends I don't buy the O, I buy the quarter-pound I'm talking Indo nigga, I lay these bitches down What's happening out in L.A., L.A. When I'm out there with the Boo-Yaa Tribe And that's how I play (that's how I play) And I'm hollerin at Yuk and C-Bo too I hear whatcha saying and I'm a do what y'all wanna do Cause fuck niggaz need to get hit up Bitch niggaz don't deserve no truck Snitch niggaz don't deserve to fuck Nigga outta luck That's why your records ain't selling and ya stuck You need to slow down before somebody hit you up You need to slow down before somebody fuck you up You need to slow down before it comes to get you Hit you in your wig and ain't nothing to split you Slow down (know what I'm talking bout?) {*repeated*} [Corey Mo] You see this rap game is more than just rhymes and beats It designed to make money, it starts in the streets A lotta niggaz don't follow the rules and end up losing Way before their time, cause their records ain't moving Better slow down and re-think your strategy nigga Have you still paying dues, you can't be mad at me nigga I ain't looking for no handouts or looking for no friends (un-uh) My brother always told me nigga, go and get your ends And that's what I'm a do, it's the honest-to-God truth I'm a stay up on these beats and I'm a stay off in the booth So all you niggaz hating, waiting for me to fold I'm bout to shift to another gear and pass you hoes On the cool, I ain't nobody's goddamn fool Just like you pack tools, nigga I do too So in case you never knew nigga, you know now What you ought to be trying to do is on the real Is slow down Slow down (know what I'm talking bout?) {*repeated*} Hol' up, slow down, uh Get your mind on your money Cause your records ain't selling Nigga {*repeated*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: Get My Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (Piiimp!) Yeah I'ma step up to this mic like Marvin Gaye, y'knahmsayin? Back up off me like them O'Jays, y'knahmsayin? Spin on it like the Bar Kays, y'knahmsayin? Bitch ain't nuttin funny, bitch I ain't Bugs Bunny Get my money bitch, I mean ho yeah you up under pimp arrest bitch Y'knahmean? Yeah ho you upstate, you out of pocket bitch But y'knahmean? Bitch you gotta get my money bitch You understand it's Pimpin' Ken for the money bitch We can put it on the dotted line, Houstin time bitch y'knahmean? Yeah bitch you understand Let it be Pimpin' Ken for the record and the money y'knahmean? Yeah bitch I'm out here with Pimp C bitch Get this motherfuckin money ho Makin hoes plant their feet on the conrete, ya dig what I'm sayin? Yeah red hoes who sold out on ho strolls Doin it every day the American way y'knahmean? Real motherfuckin pimpin y'knahmean? Smoked out with this shit y'knahmean? Yeah bitch it ain't gon' never quit ho (Piiimp!) Yeah bitch throw it up in the air ho! [Pimp C] Sweet Jones, what'chu know about it bitch Get out there and go get my shit I ain't got time to save you ho I ain't got time to play with you ho You talkin 'bout you wanna be down with me You need to get some money wanna be with Pimp C Uhh, cause I'm real to the core And give a damn 'bout a bitch and I pimp on a whore You can tell yo' momma, about the drama You was fuckin for free, befo' you met me Get your mind on your money, get some big faces Before you come around here catchin cases Pimpin, panderin, bitch I'm handlin paper and cheese, comin down with ease In a 2001 Benz with the screens Sippin a big cup of lean, uhh You gotta get my money bitch Uhh - get it! Uhh Bitch get it now! Make the trick say it feels good, uhh! You gotta get my money bitch Uhh - gotta get it, get it, bitch! Bitch get it now! Make the trick say it feels good, uhh! Get my money ho, I ain't playin Bitch you heard what the fuck I'm sayin I'll bust you in your eye ho If you don't get out for the dough You talkin that shit, you a lazy punk You need to get out there and pop the trunk And make the motherfucker see all the cock And get that money, shake what you got Sell that pussy ho, suck that dick Break that trick ho, hit that lick Get yo' mind up on my grill Punk-ass bitches, always trill You a yellow ho, and you a dyke The type of bitch, that I don't like You think you come and gon' wreck my stable I keep a fuckin bitch on a line or cable You better get my money bitch Make the trick say it feels good bitch! Bitch get it now! Make the trick say it feels good, uhh! You gotta get my money bitch Get it, get it, uhh Bitch get it now! Make the trick say it feels good, uhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Devin the Dude Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: Everytime Typed by: MannatlPimp57@aol.com [Pimp C] Aye what you doing? You was sleep? Shit I'll be over there in a minute... Yeah Aight [Pimp C] You know you like the way that country nigga steady fuckin I'm getting rich you put yo legs up hit you in the buttin You know you like the way I hit you off and break you off I do it good my dick is hard my shit ain't neva soft And I'm hard as nigga from the streets I get out with the grindin I'm comin through do shit and rap in double timin And get my money in the city with them vicious killas And comin through sippin bar and good old miller I got them skills Work the wheel And I'm staying trill I got some partnas thatll kill ya in that Nashville You like they way that dick head feel When its going in I even got to flip you with some of my best friends Its all good cus we family and we love that pussy We hittin hard and you know we do it like a cookie A soft batch and bitch you know I make you cum I'm getting time and everytime you give me some [Hook:Devin The Dude] Everytime that I want some of that pussy you come through fa ya boy Everytime that I want some of that cock Youll let me stop through and see what it doooo You know that pussy feels goooood (ha ha ha ha) You know that pussy feels goooood [Pimp C] Do you remember when we was young you use to suck me Back then you let me finger fuck but ain't really want to fuck me You was scared of that dick head but now you love to ride it And love when I hit ya hard the hole open inside it You already know the game and you know my name I'm in the club with them thugs and we slang them thangs We got that caine heroin and that syrup too And we do all the thangs our mamas told us not to do You love me anyway I fly out to Las Vegas You know I'm puttin it down with Jay Chris cus that boys a playa I'm down with big chicks too So what them big chicks wan do When I come through to you You know its comin screwed Yo lips the best I like to bite up on yo breasts You suck my dick You do it betta than that bitch Ever did thats why we might just have some kids But hats the biz thats how I fucking live [Hook:Devin The Dude] Everytime that I want some of that pussy you come through fa ya boy Everytime that I want some of that cock Youll let me stop through and see what it doooo You know that pussy feels goooood (ha ha ha ha) You know that pussy feels goooood [Pimp C] You could get married and maybe have five kids You could go all over the world and never do what I did I go from state to state And I have date to date I hit them hoes and they never holla they rape Cus they love to break me off And they love to blow me off They love to do me up cus hoes know I ain't soft They see me at the show you know You wanna fuck me hoe You wanna take me to the room and give me some blow You want that snake with the cobra head fuck the feds I do it good when I hit ya fuck up the bed Fuck up yo head give ya fourty dollas get it done I'm breakin bitches like DMC and Reverend Run Back in 84 I'm slamming doors And puttin up these hoes And comin through doin it real cus I'm an Old School Pro I keep them strap rubbers in a platinum pack I'm comin thru whippin in the chrome 'Lac [Hook:Devin The Dude] Everytime that I want some of that pussy you come through fa ya boy Everytime that I want some of that cock Youll let me stop through and see what it doooo You know that pussy feels goooood (ha ha ha ha) You know that pussy feels goooood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: The Sweet James Jones Stories Song: My Angel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I wanna dedicate this song to my momma, knahmtalkinbout? Happy birthday momma (hey momma, sheeeit) happy birthday Through all the bullshit niggaz tryin to kill us, yup Yeah, y'knahmsayin? Uhh The false divorces, child support court (that's right), all that Nigga droppin out of school you stuck by me knahmtalkinbout? Thank you... goin to jail So a lot of motherfuckers be sayin stars up in the sky But my star right here, that's my angel, knahmtalkinbout? Check this out [Pimp C] I been on top of the world, and been on bottom of the grind I came through in the fresh cars, playin surround I been in the city sellin crack at the dopefiends Tryin to come up Houston be strung out on promethazine I used to smoke fry, wasn't scared to die Every day when I wake up I wanted to get high My momma came and got me from that devil dope And keep me good even though I used to choose hoes And sometimes with her older family members a lil' bit wrong But that's how I came up, makin rap songs I been in this shit since 16, comin up And puttin motherfuckers up on this thang up in this rap scene Uhh, and when they took my money Momma never ever looked at me funny, now check it out The manager I had wasn't shit The nigga stole everything and snorted coke like a bitch My momma stepped into this shit and went to every town that we came to, every city puttin it down And when them niggaz wanted to kill me, my momma said Fuck that bitch, I know you motherfuckers feel me, uhh So when you see me in the city with my T lady Best believe we comin up and we ain't livin shady I'm her baby, and that is my only momma I'll kill you bitch-ass niggaz if you brang the drama [Chorus - sung] My angel... an-gel, that angel is mine, annn-gel I found my an-gel, annn-gel, that angel is miiiine Annn-gel [Pimp C] Yeah tight, that's right I was young, I used to get sick a lot Now I'm rich puttin it down with Rap-A-Lot I used to have the flu, cold, and pneumonia Niggaz always tried to come and try to move on ya Cause in my city you either got to be a hustler Or you're out on the corner, smokin crack and a buster So I had to come up fast When niggaz come through I put that {?} on his ass Ay, ay, ay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ J. Prince Album: Trill Song: The Inauguration Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro] Ladies and Gentlemen in the Southern states of America We gather here today and bring you the beginning of the new era And now the speaker of the South, J. Prince [J. Prince - talking] Awww yeah.. Rap-A-Lot back in the house once again With the trillest of the trill, Bun B The new president of the South Yo Bun, it's your time And we dedicate this one to all our brothers and sisters Who suffered at the hands of the industry [Bun B] It's been a long time comin' but it finally came For Bun B to get his motherfuckin' shot in the game I put my work in than an average trill nigga can put And I'ma gangsta from my head to my foot Black understood, I got the hood behind me The street's co-signed me Head ported in the ghetto, you know where to find me The mission is laid out and the vision is clear From this moment I run the South and everything down here From the corners and cuts, trap spots and blocks Whether it's rappin' or work, I got the shit on lock I ain't wit' all that back talkin', sneak dissin', or plexin' I'ma tell ya how I feel 'cause I'ma god damn Texan 'Bout time for me to start eliminatin' the fraud 'Cause this a White House of cars, filled wit' nuttin but broads We gon' run them hoes out and put some trill niggaz in 'Cause what happened in New Orleans, should never happen again They been sittin' on they ass, doin' much about nuttin For too god damn long, and I'm tired of the frontin' I'ma instigate a change from the motherfuckin' top 'Cause this bullshit they pullin' on my people gotta stop So I'm here to make a stand (stand) and take up the slack Dirty South, Prince, Deezy I got ya motherfuckin' back It's a new king on the throne, and its crown is a hat It say "Free Pimp C," now what's fuckin' wit' that? Hail to the chief {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B Album: Trill Song: Bun Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist {*sample and scratched*} "Comin' through with Bun" - repeat 4x [Bun B] (Bun) back on them blocks nigga, (Bun) servin' them rocks nigga (Bun) caught wit' them glocks and you know, (Bun) keepin' 'em cocked nigga (Bun) they bought they bullshit 'cause, (Bun) nobody's issue So if (Bun) bustin' that pistol, you know (Bun) they finna miss you See 'cause (Bun) straight out the hood nigga, (Bun) fresh out the cuts (out the cuts) (Bun) straight outta P.A.T. so, (Bun) holdin' his nuts You know that, (Bun) they finna deal wit'cha, (Bun) ain't wit' that speakin' cuzz (Bun) don't get to poppin' off and {Bun) don't leave you leakin' if it's... (Bun) you know it's certified, (Bun) ain't wit' them games 'cause (Bun) we whoopin' ass then (Bun) we takin' names You see (Bun) jump outta Benzes and (Bun) jump outta Lex shit (Bun) jump out when he want, cousin (Bun) he counts stacks Roll wit' (Bun) and you gon' see yo' paper, (Bun) about his cash 'Cause (Bun) gon' get his grind on and (Bun) he's down to mash nigga (Bun) this is hard as it goes, (Bun) this as trill as it get (Bun) ain't gotta ask you nigga, (Bun) know you feelin' the shit [Chorus] - repeat 2x {*sampled and scratched*} "Bun B, King of the Underground" [Bun] You can't fuck wit' dat! {*sampled and scratched*} "Bun B, King of the Underground" [Bun] You can't fuck wit' dat! [Bun B] (Bun) I been known as a "G", (Bun) from UG to the K (Bun) the middle fingers up, (Bun) I be reppin' P.A. (Bun) the Dirty South nigga, (Bun) one of the Texas boys (Bun) he grippin' grain when you see, (Bun) he whippin' his Texas toys (Bun) he be drippin' his paint, (Bun) he be poppin' his trunk (Bun) he be swangin' his lanes, (Bun) he make boppers get crunk (Bun) gon' get his lean on so, (Bun) go crack a ceiling (Bun) he sittin' sideways 'cause (Bun) to pop the peel you see... (Bun) rollin' on 22's, (Bun) got 24's too (Bun) ride when he want to 'cause (Bun) he do what he s'posed to (Bun) and 'bout his clique nigga, (Bun) ain't 'bout a bitch 'Cause (Bun) know that's the only way that (Bun) you stayin' rich nigga (Bun) give a fuck 'bout a snitch? (Bun) gon' put two in his dome (Bun) ain't 'bout sittin' in jail, (Bun) 'bout sittin' at home (Bun) this is hard as it goes, (Bun) this as trill as it get (Bun) ain't gotta ask you nigga, (Bun) know you feelin' the shit [Chorus] - repeat 2x [Bun B] (Bun) be spittin' raw nigga, (Bun) be spittin' fire nigga (Bun) be duckin' the Feds, 'cause (Bun) life like "The Wire" nigga (Bun) put his own work in 'cause (Bun) ain't gotta hide nigga (Bun) speak from the heart 'cause (Bun) it's not a lie nigga (Bun) rep' from the Eastside and (Bun) rep' for the West but (Bun) don't stand for foolishness 'cause (Bun) put it to rest nigga (Bun) he got the medicine 'cause (Bun) know that you sick And (Bun) he pee pee on a bitch 'cause (Bun) know he the shit nigga (Bun) he get gangsta wit' it, and (Bun) put them hands on ya (Bun) or put ya on ya back and (Bun) or fuckin' stand on ya (Bun) don't call it +Magnolia+, (Bun) it's not a hater 'Cause (Bun) he likes a +Big Tymer+, (Bun) a +heavyweighter+ nigga (Bun) a big rim rider, (Bun) a big body sprayer (Bun) a big slab glider, (Bun) a 84 clangor (Bun) this is hard as it goes, (Bun) this as trill as it get (Bun) ain't gotta ask you nigga, (Bun) know you feelin' the shit [Chorus] - repeat 2x "Bun" - repeat 20x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B (of UGK) f/ Pimp C, Young Jeezy, Jay-Z, Z-Ro Album: Trill Song: Get Throwed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, hiphopjay@mac.com [Intro] Smoke somethin, bitch UGK, hold up, talkin bout, uhh [Pimp C] Pimp C P.A. Trill nigga Polo fuck that Hilfiger Made myself a ghetto star On the slab, sippin barre Smokin weed, sellin white Them other niggaz shit don't come back right That's how niggaz get popped Trying to get the cheaper price Watch yo' paper, guard your life Cause most these niggaz ain't livin right Keep yo' pistol, fuck a fight Cause niggaz out here jack every night I keep my mind on my money nigga fuck the fame Big face hun'erds, keepin the game Hittin the corner in the candy thang Sittin on leather, grippin the grain [Chorus: Z-Ro] + (Young Jeezy) Good weed, good drink, big money, we- (AYE!) Rollin in somethin' foreign, I'm leather grippin grain (YEEEAH!) I handle my business so I think I deserve to get throwed, throwed [Bun B] Well I came in the door, I said it befo' I never fuck a hoe without head no more I never pull up in nuttin less than a four And I smoke cigars, it ain't just for the show I'm blessed from the do', and known for my stidile I send a nigga baby mamma home with a smidile You can have the bitch nigga, I ain't sentimental Smoke weed and freestyle over an instrumental Been out, lived through the wicked streets of P.A. Motherfuck the judge, prosecutor and the DA Head to the H, where the hoes will fuck three way Two way, four way, anyway the Pro say Never hear a hoe say no I won't, no I can't Stop it and no I don't Cause a bitch know that I might just explode And slap her in the face with a pie a la mode Cause a nigga gettin throwed [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Young Jeezy] (adlibs) You already know what it is, nigga Snowman, 16 5 a piece, nigga USDA I grind hard (grind hard) and play harder (play harder) Break out the pot (YUP) heat up the water (DAMN!) Swear to God the minivan do tricks Hit the breaks, hit the lights and voilà there go them bricks Slide through the hood (HOOD!) sittin on some big wheels Niggaz coppin white and turn flips like cartwheels Trapstar, my NexTel chirp all day (AYE!) Ridin' dirty, three nines and a four way (G-YEEEAH!) [Jay-Z] Big money, mayn - we only ride the best This one and only, big homey Tried to told you I'm thug, ha So far I'm tourin on foreign land Worldwide I'm known for the Arm & Hamm- -Er, Murder the streets I'm a wanted man (But the flow's like dope) So it's on again Started with the block, hit it brick by brick Then I charted with the ROC nigga, hit by hit I'm retarded with the glock nigga, clip by clip The competition is none, they deceased to exist Let it breathe a little bit He's off his rocker, he's a lil schitz' Roll like a football, Hov' used to cook raw Now I got the game sewn like granny's good shawl Sure, y'all niggaz want war Y'all got it backwards, y'all should want raw Y'all should want more (and more, and more - uhh!) [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Lil' Keke Album: Trill Song: Draped Up Typed by: lethalxintent@gmail.com [Intro - Lil' Keke] Big terrible Texas, where legends are born Lil Keke the don, original Screwed Up Click This dedicated to DJ Screw, Fat Pat, Big Mellow, Big Steve Bun... [Chorus - Lil' Keke] Draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talking bout Draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talking bout Draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talking bout Draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talking bout [Bun B] Well it's big Bun B now, baby, Mr. Woodgrain With diamonds up against them balling through your hood mayn And I'm smoking on some good mayn, the color purple Not the movie, but the kind that have you going in a circle Chrome, looking more classy than the Transco Tower Car drippin' candy paint like it just came out the shower Like 'Face I got the money, the power and the finesse To roll around one deep with hundred-thousand round my neck I'm looking real shiny; you can see me from a mile away Thought you was doing it, until I came and took your smile away Pull up on your side in the turning lane Pop my trunk, break you off, chunk a deuce, and I'm Cadillac turning mayn Little swang to the left, big swang to the right My plates scraping and I'm sliding the pipe, it's super tight So don't try to knock us baby, don't try to hate That's how we do it in that Lone star state; get it straight (we be...) [Chorus] - Repeat 2X [Bun B] Now if you never been to Texas, there's a picture to paint Cause we doing it real big, in case you thinking we ain't It's lots of money on these streets, being spent and being made All it take is one look to see these boys getting paid They living laid in big houses, with pools in the backyard Certified gangsters so you never see us act fraud With iced out watches, bracelets, chains Pieces, teeth, mayn we throwed in the game We got screens in that headrest, visors in the ceiling On chrome 83's and fours and Vogue peeling With bumpers and belts across the back of my trunk Push a button, and my car is waiving bye to you punk We from the land of sippin' on syrup and (banging the Screw) We slab swangin' comin down and through, I thought you knew Back in the days, all they ever did was doubt us Now the South is in the house, and they can't do nothing about us (we be...) [Chorus] - Repeat 2X [Bun B] One time for my trill niggaz reppin the block The real soldiers on the frontline is keeping it cocked They hold it down for they hood, throw it up, let 'em see it So they can know how you G it, if they hating, so be it We ain't playing where I'm staying cause it's way too real No matter the situation, we gotta keep it trill Got the steel on my side when I ride cause I'm ready I got 20/10 vision and my trigger finger steady I'm an Underground King homeboy, and not a simp And I gots to represent 'til they decide to free the Pimp I'm down for my click, just like I'm down for my block And I'm a stand up for my partner 'til they let him off of lock So go on, body rock, Southside or lean back Two-step with your boy if you about your greenbacks This here is a Texas toast so raise your glass Because the whole dirty South fittin' to show they naked ass (we be...) [Chorus] - Repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Trill Song: I'm Fresh Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) I say General, ladies and bad ass out of control babies It's the return, of the bad ass perm pimp ya heard Ya boy Fr-Fre-Fre-Fresh, Fre-Fre-Fre-Fre-Fresh Fr-Fre-Fre-Fr-Fre-Fresh, ay [Bun B] Bitch it's the king of the trill, I'm top of the line My paint is on drip, my rims is on shine My butter seats reclined, cherry oak is grip With swisha sweets to blow, and purple rain to sip Now straight up off the rip, I'm letting boys know I've never been a bitch, don't plan to be a hoe So if you got some plex, you better keep it low I bring it to your chest, soon as you hit the do' You know me as a pro, respect me as a vet I put it down befo', you ain't seen nothing yet My candy still glossy, my 4's still flossy My rocks real icey, I'm looking kinda bossy And feeling real saucy, it's time to get it crunk Now watch me pop it fly, just like I'm popping trunk The leader of the pack, the star of the show When Bun is in the building, you already know [Hook: Mannie Fresh] I'm fresh (I'm fresh), brand new (brand new) Everytime, that I come through Hoe look at my wrist (my wrist), my neck (my neck) I just bust me a fat ass check, hoe I'm the man (I'm the man), he's a whimp (he's a whimp) If you wanna get ahead, get a pimp Dope boy shoes, big rings And only bad bitches say my name, hoe [Bun B] Bitch you wanna roll with a pimp, then have it on your mind It's all about this bread, so you gon have to grind I gotta stay on shine, so you know what that means You gotta hit that track, and bring me back that green Cause daddy need his ice, and daddy need his chain We gotta keep it G, so rec' him as the game A hoe need a pimp, a pimp need a hoe And tricks need us both, so let's go get that do' In case you didn't know, I haven't been told But pussy on the corner, and it's as good as sold It's tricks on the prowl, so stay out on that stroll Cause I'ma sell your cot, and you gon sell your soul My pimping way too cold, but it's gon keep me warm With minks up on my back, and rocks up in my charm So bitch ring the alarm, and tell 'em I've arrived The greatest ever born, that's dead or alive [Hook] [Bun B] Bitch you know that Rap-A-Lot's the click, and UGK's the fam It's middle fingers up, cause we don't give a damn Them Caddy do's slam, that top gon drop Them 4's gon tip, them blades gon chop Them deuces get chunked, them screens gon fall It's Southside holding, so we gon ball And slabs gon crawl, them 3's gon swang That woman gon shine, that trunk go bang And underground king, from P.A.T I miss my dog, so free Pimp C And I'ma hold it down, and rep for my team To keep us on the map, so he can get that green I work the triple beam, electronic scale Even a baby bottle, whatever get that mail So Mannie please tell em, the motherfucking real Why Bun coulda be, so motherfucking trill [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Ludacris Album: Trill Song: Trill Recognize Trill Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Ludacris] I still {*7X*} Tote steel I still tote steel {*2X*} I still, ha [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Bun B) I still tote steel, give a fuck how you feel We some southern OG's, Trill Recognize Trill (All my hustlers keep quiet and my dealers don't slip Money speaks for itself so we ain't gotta say shit) I still tote steel, give a fuck how you feel We some southern OG's, Trill Recognize Trill (All my hustlers keep quiet and my dealers don't slip Money speaks for itself so we ain't gotta say shit) [Bun B] Bun B is the name, UGK is the click P-A-T is the city so if you hate, suck a dick I'm from the land of the trill, from the home of the hard Where niggaz don't wait to see ya, they bring it to your yard We ain't never been fraud, we ain't never been lame So if you wanna get it crackin, every nigga is game So we can catch a corner, we can catch a square Any place, any time, I'll be waiting right there See I give you a bad one and shoot you in the spine But as soon as you hit your back, my dogs'll eat you alive All we know is survive, we ain't taking no ails So before you play with us, you best play with yourself Cause I'm tired of the tough talk, tired of the mean mug I'm bout ready to give these buck niggaz a clean slug Cock back the hammer on the god damn steel Put a hollow in the middle of his god damn breel, fuck it [Ludacris] Talking about the carots in my watch, diamonds in my chain Who's baddest on the block, What my status in the game The records that I've sold, Bobby V going gold And all them number one chart positions that I hold The money and the wealth, well I'll keep it to myself But I'm always willing to share the firepower on the shelf I'm shiny star spanglin, ding-a-ling danglin Luda the sheet swisha, broke the record of Wilt Chamberlin I'm College Park rangering, Houston, Tex mangering So get down or lay down and see these middle finger rings I'm banging in the east, west, south, all over the map, boy I do it for myself, my daughter, and all these trap boyz Lac boyz, candy and paint, paper we stack boy Semi-automatic so make the click get back boy Click, since I was born, I been the shit And money speaks for itself so I ain't never said sheit [Bun B] Niggaz best to start running, hiding, dodging, and ducking Cause them trill niggaz comin, riding, cocking, and bucking Bitch you fucking with a monster, a beast like no other The hardest nigga living since my motherfucking brother So duck and cover, duck and roll, hit the deck We coming for money and your motherfucking respect We ain't taking no checks, money orders or visa's Your life is on the line so don't motherfucking tease us You gonna need Jesus to hold you and help ya Cause you fucking with me, bitch you gonna see helter skelter That heat gon melt ya, this steel gon gut ya You lame ass nigga, know ya nolia then fuck ya Bitch, I stopped giving a damn when Pimp went to the pen So not everyones associates and nobody's friends Just make sure to get my ends and nobody gets hurt Before I put somebody's children under motherfucking dirt, fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Scarface, Young Jeezy Album: Trill Song: Pushin' Typed by: austin.066@gmail.com [Vocal Sample: Curtis Mayfield & The Impressions] Pushin' Keep on pushin' I've got to keep on pushin' [Intro: Bun talking over sample] Say man I don't give a fuck about the FEDs D.E.A., A.T.F., Task Force, Jump-out boys, or your local neighborhood robbers Baby I got to keep on pushin' [Bun B] Well it's the king of the hover trade and the sergeant of snow (Snow) They call me Mr. Killa Gram in case yo ass ain't know (Know) I'm the boss baller of blow when you come to the Gulf (Gulf) Other cats holdin' some weight but they ain't holdin' enough I've been around way before the Interstate was on fire (Fire) Before they hid it in the gas or the tire (Tire) Before a motherfucker even knew about a stash box We just put work in the back of the car (Man), and mashed out (For real) Now ask a nigga that was doin' it in nine-three On the Interstate in a rental car you can find me Suitcase is stuffed like a holiday turkey (Turkey) Chopper right beside in case a nigga try to jerk me (Jerk me) I did the city thing plus I played it out of state Either way a nigga was known for havin' a lot of weight Try to knock me down but it only made me bigger Haters wanna see me fall but a nigga gotta keep on pushin' [Scarface] I feel you Bun, I feel you Young, I mean, I feel you I'm on the corner from sun up to sun down Competition gettin' hectic, I'm headed for out of town What I was, sellin' for twenty, niggaz sellin' for ten So I'm bout to take it to drastic measurements for my ends My partner Rob in seventeen and in the Benz And me I'm in a bucket but fuck it, that's how it is, shit I got an ounce about to cut it into stones Next stop: Port Arthur, Texas, I work it in the Lones I'm a little nigga on his hustle bout to rise I was cuttin' seventeen and I was only payin' five A week went by, and a nigga took that dry Back to H-Town, with re-up about to score me nine A Pyrex bulb and the whoop so throwed I cooked it for nine then I stretched it for nine more Whoa, I'm that nigga bakin' with holes in his door Crummy niggaz sellin' that ether but fuck it, shit sold [Young Jeezy] Ay, no matter how hard it get you know I'mma… Real talk, real niggaz do real things you know they… (CHEEAAA) You already know, free Pimp C nigga (LIFE NIGGA) U.G.K. for motherfuckin' life, U.S.D.A. nigga, C.T.E. nigga (CHEAA) You know them Houston niggaz you know they niggaz keep on pushin' nigga (PUSHIN) G.A. niggaz you know they already… Real niggaz do real things nigga you already know nigga C.T.E. nigga, Rap-A-Lot records (AYE, AYE, AYE) One day you're here, the next day you're gone (WHAT?) Cuz some nigga set you up on the phone (DAMN) Shit, I play it how I go, I'm in a league of my own You ain't gotta front me shit nigga, I'm buyin' my own (HAHA) Whether it's sixteen bars or sixteen bricks (CHEA) Move 'em one at a time, I'll take sixteen trips (LET'S GET IT) I'm in the kitchen with the white, choppers by the back door (AYE) Mind on my money, but I swear this shit stack dough (HAHA) Square's in the closet, a hundred thousand in the box spring Got the stash box in the back of the Mustang (CHEA) You know I keep a down ass bitch to dry that shit Look, I-T a nigga yea she ride that shit Hey, I hustle harder, I hustle smarter (AYE) Just left the magnum lot tried to whip me up a charter (HAHA) I'm so ahead of my time, ahead of my grind Look at snowman bitch, it's a must that I shine (YEAAAA) See my watch is like...damn, my ears beggin' for attention (AYE) A quarter mill around my neck, in case I forgot to mention You niggaz actin' like hoes so motherfucker keep gushin' I'mma do what the gangstas do and nigga keep pushin' (AYYEEE) [Vocal sample and beat ride out til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Jazze Pha Album: Trill Song: I'm Ballin' Typed by: Lil Hustle [Intro] Oooooohweeee Alright-alright-alright, (ok-ok) Ok-ok-ok, (alright-alright-alright) Alright-alright-alright, (ok-ok) Ok-ok-ok, (alright-alright-alright) It's Bun B and (Jazze Phizzle-Phizzle) It's Bun B and (Phizzle-Phizzle-Phizzle) It's Bun B and (Jazze Phizzle-Phizzle) Bun B, UGK sho nuff ladies and gentlemen [Hook: Jazze Pha - 2x] Got me some bread, made some paper Costly fabrics, minks and gators bitch I'm balling (diamonds on my chest, keep me looking good Got diamonds on my chest, keep me looking good) [Bun B] Before I jump up out my silk sheets, and hop off in the shower It's already understood, I got the money and the power I grab the baby powder, under shirt and white tee My Dickies, fitted cap and white one's that's me A hundred karats worth of rocks, courtesy of Johnny I roll a couple blunts, and load up the Tommy Ready to get my stunt on, my pockets on swoll Now all I gotta do, is see which car I'm finna roll Now I can take the Benz, or I can take the Rover And if I pull the Bentley Coupe out, then it's over But I'ma keep it O-G, and pull out the slab So I can sit on buck, and have some wood grain to grab Last but not least, before I pull out on the scene You know I gotta po' me up, my oily cup of lean I've been stacking all this green, now it's time for some spending I've been cool about this grinding, but ain't no mo' pretending [Hook - 2x] [Bun B] Now if you see me in the shopping center, walking down the hall It's already understood, that I'm buying out the mall I got six homies with me, and at least two freaks Man we looking for the Louis, and the Gucci boutiques I keep the flyest footwear, and the newest Locs And if I get some'ing for me, I'm getting some'ing for my folks Cause we all gon be fitted up, we all popping tags We all walking out of this mall, with big bags And I ain't gotta brag, you can see it for yourself I got ballers on my right side, and ballers on my left We ain't from the same hoods, but it's all to the good We bout getting this money, like some real G's should And we ain't knocking nobody's hustle, why plex man You only hate on yourself, when you hating on the next man You can't be like Bun B, so why try to Get your own bread, and you can ball just like I do [Hook - 2x] [Bun B] Before I pull up to the valet, and hop out of the car It's already understood, that we buying out the bar It's a line around the corner, people trying to get inside But a playa like myself, is finna walk right by it Now move the velvet rope, and keep the scanner You don't wanna see us angry, like we David Banner 2000 and 5, Tony Montana haters Ain't no need for you to knock us, just congratulate us We done made it out the ghetto, by staying on the grind We focused on the paper chase, with money on our mind Now we just wanna shine, buy some bottles and pop em So if you see niggaz out there, playa hating then stop em Cause we don't really wanna have, to bust a motherfucker's head We just wanna holla at bad bitches, and spend this bread We buying everybody drinks, and making it rain Cause I'ma rep, like a motherfucking underground king [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Mannie Fresh Album: Trill Song: What I Represent (UGK) Typed by: lethalxintent@gmail.com [Intro - Mannie Fresh] The, the underground, the, the underground, the, the underground... The, the underground, the, the underground, the, the, the underground... [Bun B] Now this one here for everybody out there off the top This for the real slab-swangas whipping dubs and drops For the real block huggers that's embracing the grind And the three-time fellas that be facing some time For them real deep boys that be baking and serving And the real hood hustlas that be shaking and swerving For the real cut-throwers putting work in on the average And trill ass niggaz living they life like a savage A lot of niggaz hold it down for they set And when the work comes easy And when the game ain't ready They really rep they're neighborhood good or bad Niggaz that really be on the block throwing signs and flags Well I'm here to represent for all the gangstas and the thugs And the underdog niggaz that ain't getting no love For a nigga trying' to make a weight for him and his crew Just recognize I'm representing for you, and nigga that's on the true [Hook - Bun B + (Mannie Fresh)] I'm a sell my dope, I'm a bust my guns I'm a fuck my hoes, I'm a stack my ones What I represent? (The, the underground, the, the underground, the, the underground...) I'm a smoke my good, I'm a sip my drank I'm a grip my grain, I'm a drip my paint What I represent? (The, the underground, the, the underground, the, the, the underground...) [Bun B] Now everybody wanna act like they already got it made With the houses, and the cars, and the bills all paid Got a million in the bank, and two million in jewels But on the cool, life ain't like that for a lot of these fools Lot of people in this world coming up pretty hard Raised in project apartments, with no front yard Had to share their clothes and shoes with cousins and brothers Never had they own shit, they had to share it with others I wasn't born with a silver-spoon sticking out my grill I was raised in the middle of the struggle on the real Had some hard times in my life, trying to make ends meet Not to mention, trying not to fall victim to the streets Against the odds, a nigga made it out the game But that don't mean that I'm gunna forget about from where I came UGK ain't just a name; it's what a nigga is I was there before I got in the biz, and nigga that's on the rizz [Hook] [Bun B] Now people always be around when you shining and balling But they real hard to find when tough times come calling You got money, doing good, and they be all in your face Then disappear like Sue Storm soon as you catch a case It's like clockwork homeboy, the shit never fails Soon as they think the party's over, everybody bails Could a sworn they was your friends when your world was on shine But soon as you get some time, outta sight, outta mind It's a shame that some real ass niggaz took a fall It's a shame how they treat you when you locked behind the wall When your woman won't visit and your homie won't send you no flicks Or come and see you, that's some cold ass shit Well I miss my nigga, he was down for me That's why I got the whole world screaming "Free Pimp C" And I'll be right here waiting when you touch back down UGK we still holding the crown, kings of the underground [Hook] - Repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B Album: Trill Song: The Story Typed by: paul4493@hotmail.com Say, this is the realist shit I ever wrote or said Wake up with it everyday and take it with me to bed Hurting my heart and hanging over my head Bout the realest nigga these Texas streets ever bred C.L. Butler better known as Chad or Pimp C The closest homeboy that I ever had Now when we first met, we wasn't on the same page From petty misunderstandings that got clearer with age Two young boys who was ready to mash Put P.A. on the map and maybe make a little cash Jumped down with Big Tyme, put down a few songs Everybody co-signed saying that we could do no wrong Then hit the streets with a big ass bang Them gangsta ass rhymes with that country ass twang Dropped "Tell Me Something Good" took off and went live Shit, next thing you know we was signing to Jive Dropped "Too Hard to Swallow" "A Pocket Full of Stones" Put the remix on "Menace" shit we had it going on Got love in the streets and played on the air But the homey putting us out, wasn't playing too fair Had to separate ourself, bring in a new team But sometimes the other side ain't always what it seems We dropped "Super Tight" a album full of killer flows But then we got caught up with the drugs and the hoes We didn't realize what was happening on the real And new management was cutting back room deals Hiding different money and concealing the price He had us doing all the work but was keeping the biggest slice Took a while to catch on, to what homey was doing But by the time we did, all the paperwork was in ruins Nigga kept all the receipts so we couldn't file taxes The next thing you know, IRS hitting us with axes Pimp you owe seven figures, Bun you owe six Better get your paper together, get this shit fixed Remixed the management team and tried it ourself Cussed out the GM, almost got put on the shelf Fuck it, dropped "Ridin' Dirty" instant classic in the South Reclaimed the southern title, shut everybody's mouth Got some clout in the game, boys calling us the greatest But meanwhile me and Pimp is still ducking haters The old manager calling and say he fina' sue And put a padlock on the everything we trying to do Put a call out to the Prince, this nigga still hating We got heat for the streets, and we can't keep the people waiting He made a call to ??? and folks, telling the man You gotta cut UGK some slack understand Young Pimp got the plan, Bun got the drawl Rap-A-Lot had our back and we just waiting on Jive We got the big bosses on the same page So me and young Pimp went hit 'em from center stage Next thing you know we got this call from the N.Y. It's Jay-Z saying y'all niggaz getting fly He doing "Volume 3" and got a track from Timb And wondered could some trill niggaz rock it with him Shit big Bun was all for it, but Pimp wasn't sure But "Big Pimpin" hit 'em 187-Pure Number one song on every station you turn on MTV and BET we getting our burn on Grammy nominated can't believe that we made it And we got a call from Jive that left us all faded And it stated, that due to the success of the track We here at Jive records, would like to piggy back Get another beat from Timb, then get a verse from Jay Let Hype shoot the video and we'll be on the way Shit it sounded okay, but me I had to ask If we don't do Big Pimpin 2, would you still put us on blast A song like that would might take a nigga to the top But my true fan base, might think a nigga flop They got mad and put niggaz on hold For damn near a year till the buzz got cold So we said fuck 'em and went back to the basics Trying to find ways to get the fuck up out the matrix We put "Dirty Money" together and it was aces But that's around the time that Pimp caught two cases He got probation, said fuck you hoes We finish the album, got ready to do a couple shows And then he violated, one month before we dropped And shit just got put on hold or fucking stopped Now 30 days done, we back to the nitty gritty Album got released, big showdown in Chocolate City Niggaz with masks on, vests and all black It's Christmas 2001, bitch we was all that Strongest on the block, nobody could budge And then he violated, now we right back before the judge They calling him a nuisance, put my dog behind a fence It was January 28th, he ain't been home since Threw a nigga through a loop and caught me in the crosses (In)'stead of co-CEO, now I'm the fuckin boss Had the devil on my back, got to drinking and drugging Had to make a choice, get back to rapping or thugging So I walked into my bedroom, got down on my knees Put my hands together and I prayed Lord please Let me get past this bridge over water that's trouble And get back up on my grind on the double He said son don't worry Cause it's not really hard as it seem And I can turn your nightmares back into dreams You just got to stay true to yourself and succeed Then push away from the devil and get closer to me And every since that night man I promise I been on it Giving that killer flow to anybody who want it Pimp the pen like never before, I'm breaking 'em G Not to mention I got the world screaming free Pimp C So soon as you make parole and they open the doors You ain't gotta worry about nothing, the world is yours Ain't no mo' struggles my nigga and no mo' stripe I kept it real because to me it's UGK for life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun-B f/ Baby, Mike Jones, Trey Songz Album: Trill Song: Hold You Down Typed by: pinnacle_of_lyrics@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {Trey Songz} Hey, Hey, we keepin it trill, samba baby If you need love I'm lovin' If you need a thug I'm thuggin' If you need a hustla whatever you need girl I'ma hold you down Need a lil dough we flippin' got somewhwere to go I'm whippin be a love hustla whatever you need girl I'ma hold you down' [Bun B] Bun B the I'ma man amongst men my chain is white gold my steel is tungsten I'm made of tough skin you gon respect me (hold up) Take mo then a average nigga to check me I'ma rider 'til the wheels go bald and they blow out (damn) One hundred and one percent G and its no doubt That if you need a man to make you feel secure then baby You ain't gotta look no more I got the cure You want money and jewels (jewels) You want clothes and cars (cars) Wanna live VIP rubbin shoulders wit stars (stars) Wanna fly in G4's (4's) or sail the seas Then your wish is my command you can do what ya please (hey) The lap of luxury is what you'll be layin in Just respect the playa and the game that hes playin in (forreal) I can show you a side of life you never seen (huh) Cuz even the kid the trill need hisself queen [Mike Jones] See all that listenin to them hoes in your ear gotta quit I see they smile when I'm around when I leave they talk shit They just mad cause I got you flippin jags poppin tags Brand new clothes you can't tell by the tag I don't mean to boast and brag but them hoes around you hatin They just waitin on you to slip so I could leave yo ass with nathan Then when I do that they gon back door and try to holla Hopin I'ma do them like you and drop them off some dollars But I ain't cause I can't afford to go back down that road I'd rather stay on my J-O and stack a bank roll But I ain't cause I can't afford to go back down that road I'd rather stay on my J-O and stack a bank roll But if you real and you down and in public you don't clown Holla at me I'll be around (Mike Jones) But if you real and you down and in public you don't clown Holla at me I'll be around (Yea) I been puttin it down nigga and holdin my grounds nigga From off the mound nigga we duckin them clowns nigga Takin they crown nigga and shovin the town nigga Rocks off the ground got the cush by the pounds nigga Ankle blingin baby wrist on freeze Got the pinky on the ice love a bitch wit gold teeths nigga Hot girl nigga lovin the G Keep the work under the seat she do it for me Take a trip to port her off to the beach Tell her homie hold it down cause we hustle to eat And got me feelin like I lost my jones I done lost my homes so H town is on And nuttin change cause the palms got chrome nigga Do this in the early cause we gettin it on And baby girl you could shop alone And fly the four to France and take a hundred bones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ T.I. Album: Trill Song: I'm a G Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Chorus: Bun B] - repeat 2x I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me I'ma G, nigga you don't know about me But yo' ass gon' learn and yo' ass gon' see [Bun B] I stand 5 foot 10, two hundred and a half One hundred percent gangsta, don't smile and don't laugh In a 3X shirt, nigga 38 waist I ain't small motherfucker, I'm takin' up some space Wit' a size 11 shoe that'll kick ya in ya face Bitch I'm all about a crime embedded and catch a case I ain't scared to kick in ya door and look around ya place I ain't scared to count back to four and put one in ya face K steel nigga, favorite deuce-deuce and a third Teflon coat and ya body, juice loose on the curb I serve you like a tennis ball, straight up diminish y'all I position the competition and when I'm finished Y'all can clear the calendar, call authority and tell they next of kin We shot 'em like a crackhead, stabbed 'em up like a Mexican May he never flex again, not like he can But just in case he get resurrected it's best he understand [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Bun B] I see these niggaz do a lot of talkin' but they never back it up Thought the work that they movin', all the paper they stackin' up You niggaz got me crackin' up The only thing you sellin' is wolf tickets, and we ain't buyin' them so pack it up 84's, click-clack it up and down Thomas From Westside to the East, we keep it "G" and that's a promise Bunch of black Osama's, America's Most Wanted We criminal backgrounds, we ready to straight flaunt it All it take is a sawed, drop a hoe and instigator Messy motherfuckers got to make it for an instant hater I'ma lay ya down, like a baby ready to nap 'Cause I'ma trill nigga ready to clap, now was'hap? I slap a nigga, stupid with a back hand wraith And continue 'til nobody from your wack clan left Bitch you might cheat death and you might cheat the dealer But you never cheat the king of the underground on the realer [Chorus] - repeat 2X [T.I.] P$C nigga, U.G.K. alumni nigga FREE PIMP C! LEMME AT 'EM BUN! Lemme tell 'em for a minute Bun, share it to ya nigga dun Said they got some 'dro, but I'm the one them niggas get it from They talkin' shit it's in they best interest to get a gun Grab the mack and now you spend a half a clip and them niggas ruuunnn Sissy niggas sweeter than a cinnabon Want 'em knocked off, we the ones you call to get it donnneee Lot of rappers say they G's, I don't feel 'em none (naw) Yeah I s..s..sold keys and I'ma still a dun O.G. as usual, low key movin' In a Volt 3, don't look {*gun sounds*} +U Don't Know Me+ Gangsta, gangsta this ain't the time Attention to pump a paint, shit I ain't the kind You don't wanna see me that's why I say no thanks to nines AK's, AR's, man I can't decide I got the mind of a hustla, hellacious grind And I hold my city down like an anchor iron [Chorus w/ T.I. ad libs] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Ying Yang Twins Album: Trill Song: Git It Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Collipark] Yeah, yeah, uh Collipark in the house Come on slick, we got Bun B (Bun B) yeah, Ying Yang Twins Check it out, Collipark drop them beats that'll rock your world (that's right) Got Bun B and Ying Yang in this thang so... {*sampled and scratched*} "Get it girl" [Collipark] Come on! [Chorus: Kaine] Get it girl.. get it girl Get it, get it, get it (girl), get it, get it, get it, get it (girl) Get it, get it, get it (girl), get it, get it, show them hoes what you  workin' with! [Kaine] Baby gotta eat, you betta get right Magic City Monday, that's the crunk night That Patron, yeah that nigga gut shiverin Sight for sore eyes, these hoes be deliverin Pussy poppin and shakin, bringin home the bacon These hoes is for the takin, them clothes they mean to me The hell you waitin on? Yo' ass betta get it These thugs in the club, you betta come on with it Drop it, pop it, shake it, chrome lit pole Bitch gotta nigga dick sittin on swole Losin control off the liquor (damn I like the way she put that thang on a nigga!) She playin with my mind, see the bitch is fine I can't make her mine, but I could talk her down You don't hardly dance, this yo' chance Nigga leave the club with his print showin in his pants [Bun B] Damn, look at that face, look at those eyes Look at them hips, look at them thighs Got that Apple Bottom, Baby Phat top Baby girl you a bad mother (boy stop!) Girl I ain't trippin, and I ain't hatin But I been watchin, and I been waitin Like the way that you shake that thang Lookin like you finna break that thang You need to lemme take that thang with me back to the pad 'Cause when I put in on ya, I betcha won't be mad You know I go hard, then I go deep And it's all night long, we don't need no sleep I have you doin things that your last man couldn't Lick the lollipop while I play with the pudding Yeah you said you wouldn't, I knew you would Don't be scared, it's all good, go on get it! [D-Roc] Drop it down low hoe, shake that shit Get fucked for a little, get loose with it bitch Stay dumb, if you really want some Get your ass on the flo' and get crunk Monte Compton go? Too expensive, get your ass on the floor Carly poppin that pussy and gettin it low I gotta 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 dollar bill So yo' ass can get crunk, show me all yo' skills Keep it real, even though I know you a lady Keep it still in the booty, all naked, shake it Hold back freak, no, show me what you got then Then shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it shake it, shake it, shake it for a hot tip Clit get fucked, lemme see ya head split Bounce your ass up and down like you ridin' on a dick I came to the club to put some money in your rump So get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it girl [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Juvenile, Too $hort Album: Trill Song: Who Need a B Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Biatch! (biatch, biatch) Biatch! (biatch, biatch) Bia-bia-bia-b-b-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-b-b-biatch! (biatch) Bia-bia-bia-biatch! (biatch) [Bun B] Say, I'm all about this bread, all about this cheese Pimpin be handlin up man, I breaks 'em off with the ease Fuck it, I'm all about this paper, all about these thangs And in case you can't recognize though, you fuckin with a mack Silly, I'm all about this chedder, all about the dirt So don't be surprised if you see me straight gettin it off a hoe Stupid, I'm all about these ducats, all about this scrilla I got no reservation, 'bout breakin bitches fo' real Get it, cause Bun Beada bring the heat to the fire You think pimpin ain't pimpin, you's a motherfuckin liar Sorry, messiah of the strollin, king of the corner Junkster, I've been sellin cock since you was playin pop wanna Little, I'm on a mission for seven figures to fo' Straight out a bitch mouth, pussy and her asshole Believe me, as it was told to me, that's how I'm tellin it So if anybody buyin pussy I'm sellin it - who need a bitch! [Chorus: Bun B] If anybody need a bitch then I got one Put her in the drop and you could let her ride shotgun She could suck your duck, while you mash on the gas Or you could take her to the crib and put some dick in her ass Who need a (biatch) - if anybody need a bitch just holla I got top notch pussy for ya for the white dollar We poppin our collars and dustin these Gators off Not to mention we brushin these haters off Now tell me who need a (biatch) [Juvenile] Oooh, a nigga like me I'll take you down to Daytona and let you work your body I done put out APB's for the right freaks Some bad bitches in here tonight we might need (where my hoes?) And she really with hittin the tracks So we don't never have a problem about bringin it back Nope, she don't back-talk me when we up in the 'Llac Cause she know it ain't nothin for me to give her a smack (what'chu need?) I need a bitch that'll get up on a plane Put it up in the pussy and come back on a train (when did she trip out?) She don't want me to get after her mayne Callin when she get somethin cause she know I ain't playin (it's official!) I'm a pimp bitch, you know where the gun be I'm ridin shotgun with $hort Dog and Bun B This game doin time, but it be back They got pussy on the market, where the G's at? [Too $hort] Biatch! On your mind You can't hold back, now's the time Jump in the car and go pick her up Take her somewhere, so you could fuck If you wanted to, you could knock her All you gotta do, is take her shoppin A lil' extra cash, for her pocket Next thing you know, you'll be fuckin (Biatch!) I like to do the opposite I charge these hoes when they want some dick I spit the game and they don't complain Too $hort baby, that's my name Real players need ladies, to have some fun If I had seven, and you had none I'd give you one, but you gots to pay Trick motherfucker, what'chu say? You need a biatch! [Outro: Too $hort] Y'all niggaz ain't got no hoes What'chu know about that nigga? $hort Dog fuckin with my boy Bun B My old school, pimpin playa partner Texas boys ride, biatch! Oh no, me I don't need no bitches I got too many hoes right now I'm tryin to get rid of some of these bitches mayne You need a bitch? Take this bitch right here playa, take her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Mddl Fngz Album: Trill Song: Retaliation Is a Must Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Hold up, middle fingers up Pussy-ass niggaz down nigga (muh'fuckers) H-Town, Texas stand up, Southwest (uh-huh) Sunny side, P.A. we up in here Bun, holla at these motherfuckers (you know'm talkin 'bout?)  [Bun B] Say, nigga you can't run, nigga you can't hide Know that we got guns, know that we gon' ride Blow out your insides, and leave ya to rot Cause when we give it to ya bitch we give you all that we got Now all it take is one shot to put yo' ass in a ditch But you gon' get the other forty-nine for bein a bitch Go to war with the big man when it makes no sense to Repercussions get extreme when we ride against you Ain't no movin ya baby mama {?} or your kids Everybody finna get it for the shit that you did So when I get to ya crib, better come out swingin Cause the devil ain't even ready for this hell I'm bringin We don't want no dope, we don't want no cash We don't want no excuses, we just want yo' ass So when that front do' crash, and you see them soldiers When that gun go flash, don't say that Bun ain't told ya, nigga [Chorus 2X: Bun B] If I pull it I'ma pop and be the first one to bust We ain't playin wit'chu hoes (retaliation is a must) First nigga make a move, first nigga hit the dust We ain't playin wit'chu hoes (retaliation is a must) [Verse Two] Yeah, now I stand on my two feet, one clip, two heats 20-shot hollow heads, bitch give me the loose leaf Fuck beef, I got a K for niggaz In spots the laws won't find ya for days, my nigga Southside, young playa full of plots and scams Show ya how to get ya ovals up and lock the grams Boys know me in the hood, but not from rappin Back street trappin, front line, ya boy is a captain First nigga to shoot, I ain't tryin to talk Bring the heat to the hospital and finish you off No life is a tunnel, while I'm rollin with my gun up Don't get ya bitch gun butt, nigga what'chu want what It ain't shit to get yo' family touched Catch a T on the bus and pop a ass like a clutch, nigga I'm in the game cause I love the rush Love the bucks, this fans money never enough, nigga [Verse Three] Uh, hol' up, uhh Forty-five in the Rover, the K is on my shoulder Pop yo' bitch-ass, then I go and smoke it over Niggaz gettin older, but thugs is comin younger So just in case you wonder I keep a F in the thunder Nigga you's a blunder, got rocked by the thunder Cryin to that Bun, but he the reason that we done ya Gave us the word, said we keep the birds Beefin is for nerds, I put ya brains on the curb [Verse Four] Fucka! Pull ya piece nigga, and watch you rest in it Come to this clip game, bitch I'm the best in it Your white flag ya wavin, now it's on, bitch please All your loved ones houses lookin like swiss cheese Tried to let ya ass make it, but ya ass act a fool Now the H.K., the A.K., and the A-R is the tools All ya homeboys gone and them hoes want less So tell ya mom and ya sister break out the black dress The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Aztek, Chamillionaire, Lil' Flip,  	Lil' Keke, Mike Jones, Slim Thug, Paul Wall, Z-Ro Album: Trill Song: Draped Up (Remix) Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil' Keke] Big terrible Texas It's where legends are born I'm Lil' Keke The Don Original Screwed Up Click It's a dedication to DJ Screw Fat Pat, Big Mello, Big Steve Feel it? [Chorus: Lil' Keke] Draped up and dripped out, Know what I'm talking about Draped up and dripped out, Know what I'm talking about Draped up and dripped out, Know what I'm talking about Draped up and dripped out, Know what I'm talking about [Lil' Keke] I'm draped up and dripped out, the truth has just slipped out 84's, Red Doors, Candy Apple Flip-Flop Got them boppers dripped out cause my drop tip top Purple Cup, Screw Us Up, that's what keep the streets hot Don P, Bun B, Please Free Pimp C Hydro, Super Flow, know these boys feeling me Come to Houston, Texas and see swangaz and 'lacs And don't forget to tell the people that the legends are back, yeah [Slim Thug] It's Slim Thug showing H-Town love Used to hit the club on dubs, acting bad on scrubs (thats right) Mad spokes and leather, 24's or better Boys say they riding candy but my load is wetter The roads for compeitors when they see the two letters They'll never ever ever ever ever get on my level (thats right) Me and Bun together caked up with clout Staying draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talking about? [Chamillionaire] The city is back, just look at the map, thought we wouldn't get in the game I'm sticking my dick up in the game and bustin in that like a train I'm hitting that mayne, look at this grain I'm grippin, I'm fixing to swang My bumper doing the body rock and my trunk is doing the crane Now who in the hell was able to tell the world it wasn't my bang I turn up the beat and I'm cracking the street, the city we started to train The world is looking like Texas mayne, just watch how they pick up the slang Just show 'em your grill and pick up some drank and watch how they do the same, Hold up mayne [Paul Wall] What it do baby, It's Paul Wall, Players rise while haters fall Got Fo's crawling in the 54 on the service road, I'm obeying the laws I stay shining like headlights and I stay crawling like head lice Just like a boy but I play the dice, them twos and threes ain't nuttin nice Them threes and fours I'ma roll fo sho, fo's and vogues, we call 'em swang My partner Bun B bring the pain, Wanna know what I rep? Just check the chain In the hood is where I hang, On South Lee, that 5-9 He dippin oil, He drippin candy, From P-A to H-Town, It goes down [Mike Jones] I stay draped up, dripped out, Drop the top when I'm flipping out Candy low on 84, (How you know they Fo's?) they poking out Ice Age and Rap-A-Lot, Pimping hoes in the parking lot Diamonds shining in my grill, you can see 'em if its dark or not When I'm out in the limelight, I make sure I shine bright I'm in the drop with the glock cocked, you know I keep that iron tight I'm getting brain from a tight dame on North Maine in the turning lane I'm young and rich talking alot of shit, I guess its because I'm having thangs [Aztek] We still draped up and dripped out; know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Fighting over parking spots, bustin' in the parking lot Tu sabes; vatos, raised on tacos Parence; se mato sin ningun contrato, vamos Now put your blocks up; now put your sets up And fuck that nigga over there, cause I think he's Esco Aztek'll pull a clip out, and with the click out, don't give a shit 'bout Til he gets out, Free Pimp C, we draped up and dripped out [Lil' Flip] I told Bun when you need a verse, just holla You know how we do it, you don't gotta spend no dollars I'm puffin dro, bangin screw, and riding fos Middle fingers in the air, you know how it goes Stash spot with weight in it, Candy paint with blakes in it Trunk got the bass in it, One liter with eights in it Swisha sweet with haze in it, you know I'm blowed Four row diamond chain, you know I'm pro Johnny got me right huh? 80 karats, bright huh? Hit the button, pop the trunk, watch the neon light jump I'ma keep folding bread til Pimp hold his head We miss you DJ Screw, man I hate you dead [Z-Ro] Down to ride red but I'ma ride blue in the turning lane looking just like Screw 300 Crissy, don't think they doors, Everybody know Z-Ro's flow is ferocious I keep a ride with the daytons in the deck, Might be deep 22 drank in the whip You can keep the sherm but you can pass the cup, My cadillac rolling on glass and wood Would I knock a jacka down when his ass get up, Hell naw, this is playa from the chest to the nut Screw was here he said I would come up now the radio requesting my stuff Gotta keep a smif n wesson to buss cause the better life keep me stressing enough Is this rap for real, is it a blessing or what?, Screw I hope I see you when they wet me up [Bun B] This is H-Town, Texas, tell me how does it look? Taking over the rap kitchen and we ready to cook You can hear us whipping the beakers coming out of the speakers Stepping up some fresh hard for you out of town peakers We got 3rd Ward, 4th Ward, and Southside G's Plus Southwest and Bloody Nickels rollin 83's It's Houston, Texas motherfucker, you know the name We'll see you in February for the All-Star Game [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Skinhead Rob, Travis Barker Album: Trill Song: Late Night Creepin' Typed by: jpeffer12@yahoo.com [Bun B] Well when the moon comes up and the sun goes down And the street lights start comin' on in the town When the kids go insideand old foks go to sleep Thats when real G's come out on the creep Midnight movin through the city on the low Sippin' on some sizurp and smokin on some dro Got the TVs on, both my screens on flow Pop trunk on dis bitch and I'm ready to go You never know what the night might hold At the hour of the fungus actin way too cold You see work gettin bought, and work gettin sold If you real you can roll, but if you fake you might fold Now a days its a struggle to survive Some of these dark alley ways will eat you alive I'ma grip my grain, and cock my gun And show these mother fuckers how its done When your late night creepin... [Chorus: Bun B] Cause we don't come out till after dark With nothing less than 28 grams of spark And nothing less than 16 ounces of sip Everytime that its time to flip You can find me Rollin through the hood leanin in the lac' With a woman on the front and a fifth in the back Haters on the prowl on the one time peepin' We don't give a fuck we just late night creepin' In the late night Thats w, thats w Thats when real G's c come out on the creep [Bun B] I got my two 4-5s and they loaded and locked Keep em' both on cock for I step on the block It's the grave yard shit cause we out on the grind And we don't care about time cause its money on mind We the first ones out tryin to get us some bread We ain't worried bout sleep fuck goin to bed We the last ones to leave after hittin them stangs Take it back to the boulevard with four's on swang I do my thing and you can't tell me different Cross the wrong line and your body might skip it I'm programmed automatic with this G shit And that go for every other cat you see me with Glock turned on with the burn on the hip I'm blowin on the deuce by the candy painted whip I'ma grip my grain, and cock my gun And show these mother fuckers how its done When your late night creepin..... [Chorus] - 2X [Skinhead Rob] In the late night better get your face right Everything sells, bitches to the bass pipe I seen it all eyes redder than a brake light Blood shot 20 20 through the guage sight I'm in a gold lac bought it all from sold sacks I ain't braggin homie these are just the cold facts We known to hold gats and nobody hold back Fuck a cheap shot i'll take out your whole back So bring your whole pack better bring an extra clip Aint nobody walk away cause ain't nobody give a shit Bitch I'm livin and I love it it's beautiful Somethin like the smell of crap when I'm watchin your noodle blow We famous pharmisuticals and breakin the bits We blazin two up in the cuticals to breakin the bread Don't give a shit you never heard of us We known among the murderous For toatin heavy metal push the good shit pour the purple up [Bun B] You can find me Rollin through the hood leanin in the lac' With a woman on the front and a fifth in the back Haters on the prowl on the one time peepin' We don't give a fuck we just late night creepin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C Album: Pimpalation Song: I'm Free Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Pimp C] Huh! It's goin down... knalmtalkinbout? Hold up! Yeah... dedicated to everybody that's been apart of the struggle Knalmsayin? Hold up! Everybody who's got love ones locked up in that system Say man if ya people locked up you need to stay down wit'cha folks! (Stay down wit'em man) This commentary is very necessary knalmtalkinbout!? (Believe it...) Young Pimp out here representing for y'all! Hold up! [Pimp C] I'm back on the slab (slab!), back on the block (block!) With the hustlers pleading a album, the crank, they froze on water rocks (rocks!) The boy Emmitt had me shining when I stepped out the door (door!) I thought I had enough but James Toney gimme some more (more!) And the same damn day I went to the Bentley lot (lot!) Off the show room floor, I copped and splurged, that thang was hot (hot!) But I bet all you busters already knew that 'cause I was all on the internet gettin my shine back (back!) Making rhymes stack (stack!), pimpin with my mic (mic!) Everybody want a piece just 'cause Sweet Jones is what they like They like the pimp shit, take a trip, if I like it a pimp get Back floor, laid flow, UGK is back ohhh! {*Tom Petty sample*} "Free!" {*scratched*} "I'm free!" ("Now I got the whole world screaming, Free Pimp C" - Bun B) {*scratched*} "I'm free!" {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (even life after life, they ain't stoppin me!) [Pimp C] It was "Free Pimp C," but now see, the pimp free (free!) Old school gave me that before I left that CT (T!) Terrell check my bezzle on this platinum Jacob watch (watch!) They locked up my body but my mind never stopped! (stopped!) 'Cause I was plottin and plannin and schemin everyday Gettin ready for my release so I can steal the game away from all these clone type niggaz tryna sound like Pimp C (Pimp C!) He's okay but he's not me! (uh!) By a long shot, cuzz 'bout, tryna instill to me (me!) Them boys might run BET but trick we run the streets (streets!) It's me and Bun B, that's for life, we the trill When ya see a pimp shinin, trick, tell me how ya feel! (how ya feel!) {*Tom Petty sample*} "Free!" {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (then they got the word that they freed Pimp C) {*scratched*} "I'm free!" {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (even life after life, they ain't stoppin me!) [Pimp C] I did 4 years tops (tops), never hit PC (C!) Did my time in Population with the real ole G's I seen a whole lot of pain, men doin they bids (bids!) Most of them just prayin and who tryna get home to they kids Wasn't nothin like "Oz," a bunch of iron and bars Bunch of player hatin snitches, talkin to the guards And a whole penitentiary bein ran by broads Some of 'em kept it one hundred, most of them was frauds Seen a whole lotta chumps (chumps!), hard men and hustlers Some big time dealers, kidnappers and busters ('nappers and busters!) Pimps and playas, I seen some kill with they hands But I still don't believe the pen is no place for no man! (for no man!) {*Tom Petty sample*} "Free!" (P: But I still don't believe the pen is no place for no man! Knalmtalkinbout!?) {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (then they got the word that they freed Pimp C) {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (P: modern day slaves is down here knalmsayin?) {*scratched*} "I'm free!" (even life after life, they ain't stoppin me!) [Pimp C] Yeah! Dedicated to everybody ain't gon' never make it up out there knalmsayin? To everybody doin life... keep y'all head up! (keep it up) Don't get fed up! Uhh... Do yo' time, don't let yo' time do you Young Pimp! Picture me rollin knalmtalkinbout, like 'Pac told 'em when he came home... Jumped in the five hundred... {*Tom Petty sample*} "I'm free!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Lil' Keke, P.O.P Album: Pimpalation Song: Knockin Doorz Down Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com Another Myke Diesel production... {*horn sound*} [Hook] Knockin, knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme Knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme Knockin, knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme I'ma, I'ma come through and show my wood pine Knockin, knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme Knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme Knockin, knockin doors down, showin parts of rhyme I'ma, I'ma come through and show my wood pine Knockin, knockin doors down [Pimp C] R.I.P., R.I.P., R.I.P. to Robert Davis he the king of the South (South) Anything else said need to shut ya fuckin mouth (mouth) I'm down with Lil' Flip and I'm down with T.I.P. If them niggaz come together know how much paper we could see? Slim Thug and Z-Ro, y'all s'til bullshittin Need to sit down, take a tour, there's too much money to be get (money to be get) Paul Wall and that Koopa s'til ain't talkin (uh!) Money speak, all that bullshit keep walkin (uh!) Y'all niggaz got the game fucked up (up!) All you record company people need to shut the FUCK UP! (shut the fuck up!) 'Cause y'all keepin up that bullshit rappin (uh!) The white people laughin at 'em, that's was happ'nin (that's was happ'nin) The same stupid ass niggaz s'til ain't figured it out Long as they stay divided, man we gon' run the South! (uh!) Y'all need to get up out the dumb shit (out the dumb shit!) I got a bread truck, get up out that crumb shit nigga! [Hook] [P.O.P] Hey, I got the bass poking, trunk shakin like tambourines (tambourines) In the H, where them paints sweet as tangerines (tangerines) Where they bouncin on 4's like trampolines It's the great state of Texas so I can't believe (what?) all the conflict and plex that we carryin It's time to get rid of the beef like vegetarians I'm 'bout stackin bank, everyday so I pay attention to the vets and I ain't talkin 'bout a Chevrolet (no) Keke the Don, Pimp C a king Lil' J, the owner of the squad, H-Town we the team It ain't no "I" in that, you tryin that ya be fatigued (yup!) But if we man up and press we could lead the league We some All-Stars, the roster is sick man I ain't gotta start, P.O.P'll be the sixth man (sixth man) Rap-A-Lot's a Southern empire for the assist man Three, two, one swish ANNHH!!! [Hook] [Lil' Keke] S.U.C... you see the slab outside, it look good don't it? Masterpiece, dripped out with the 4's on it Trunk air tight, speakers and them show lights Holdin! Cops around, nigga get ya shit tight! Lemme tell ya the meaning of coming through When the seats off cream and the candy is dark blue (dark blue) Approachin downtown, knockin doors down Tint eleven slabs in a single file line Flossin, swervin, the rims is glistening They gotta see the wood 'cause the top is missing I sleep on dreams 'cause it's paper I'm chasing My roots come from Texas, this Pimpalation The barre is tasty, the Benz is spacey I gotta show my class so these haters can face me Ridin up the Boulevard, crushin the sidewalk Showin my chagrin while I'm knockin the doors off [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Bun B, Scarface, Willie D Album: Pimpalation Song: Rock 4 Rock Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Pimp C] Uh! Uh! Check one two, one two, one two bitch! (bitch!) It's goin down (goin down!).. know what I'm talkin 'bout!? (talkin' bout!?) Sweet Jones! (Jones!) It's goin down! Hold up... [Pimp C] They wanna rob like us, wanna talk like us (us!) Pussy ass niggaz wanna bark like us (us!) Suckin hoes' pussy that I used to fuck with In ya mind, you a bitch, you really wanna suck my dick (you a bitch!) I'm puttin fresh coke on the corner (uh!) Got the ghetto set hot as a sauna (uh!) I-10, I'ma win if I make it back (uh!) Gotta take shit slow, through that Anahuac (Anahuac!) The laws colder than an icicle (icicle) Uh! And mine sour as a diced pickle Uh! My Pyrex game is legit Microwave, I'm the shit, rippin business from 36 (36!) You wanna know how I did that? Get my blow from Mexico, that's where the scammer at (scammer at!) I'm talkin 'bout that flaky, flaky 'Cause you ain't gon' win the life, hittin strippers like the dykes get [Chorus: Pimp C] More bounce to the ounce, 'cause the porm is shit I done got me 50 ounces, I done permed this bitch Tightened up, no slack, bitches checkin my stock Got some birds that set a nigga, some I go rock for rock More bounce to the ounce, 'cause the porm is shit I done got me 50 ounces, I done permed this bitch Tightened up, no slack, bitches checkin my stock Got some birds that set a nigga, some I go rock for rock (rock for rock) [Scarface] I started small time dope game, you know the tale Tennis balls, flipped to 7 ounces on the steel Open pot full of yellow bag of razors and resumes Nigga standing at the door with AK's and Desert's Stash spot for the glass, I was pushin the tinted Low hats, college shirts on, lookin to get it Hit a small town, get a room close to the block Hit the scene and shoot that bitch up and wait for the cops When it cool, put my work out, issue the passion Shoot that motherfucker up again when niggaz get back These motherfuckers got a death wish, fuckin with "AK" Playin games like it ain't no consequences of that Yeah I said it and I meant it, I got brave for a rep Playin cool, put my bait out and just wait for the cat Bloodline, purified, I'm so gangsterous with it Can't a motherfucker out here breathe and tell you no different, bitches [Willie D] Here it is, motherfucker, let the champagne hold K-si-si pimpin, Willie D in the do' It's a free world, gon' hustle, get yo' scrill You can do what you wanna do, just not 'round here 'Cause this is, my hood, my block, my street You wanna sell a cool cup? You gotta go through me If the po' po's jam you up, I ain'st to talk I'm the cat with the H-Town, gangster walk Baby want me 'cause she saw me in that Chinchilla coat I'ma fuck her in the mouth, let the nut in her throat Before buddy get out of line, I'ma get him fo' sho' But it's gon' be about my respect, not over no hoe Let my work come up missin, you gon' kick it with dead men 'Cause bitch I'ma beat yo' head in I been paid, been makin fast bucks Nigga you work with Whitney, shut yo' broke ass up! [Bun B] I'm in the project, parkin on the Westside of town (town) In the kitchen tryna cook myself up a couple of pounds (pounds) With a 4 gallon pot, a beaker kit and B-12 (twelve) Try to whip me up a 5 piece my muthafuckin self! (self!) The focus's on how to win, doors cracked open Niggaz peekin through the blinds, (for what?) incase somebody scoping Rag tied around my face, (why?) the fumes real strong And I'ma be over the stove 'cause it's all night long O.G. rock bone done been out on the scene (scene) A cocaine cowboy just like Will-Lean (Will-Lean) My reputation is stronger than rat piss Legendary for the lyrics and my muthafuckin wrist (huh!) The brokedown seven, brought back fifteen That was still so strong, (and what?) it killed ten fiends That's a mean whip game (game), if ever there was But it ain't nothin 'cause a trill nigga do what it does with more bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Bun B, Mike Jones Album: Pimpalation Song: Pourin Up Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Pimp C] Smoke somethin, bitch! A trademark (trademark), know what I'm talkin 'bout? Young Pimp.. know what we doin? (Texas!) [Hook: Pimp C] Smokin out, pourin up, puttin dick up in yo' slut All my cars got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Smokin out, pourin up, puttin dick up in yo' slut All my cars got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Smokin out, pourin up, puttin dick up in yo' slut All my cars got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck I'm smokin out, pourin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my cars got leather and wood, in my (uh!) hood we call it {*screwed*} [Pimp C] Grippin grain, switchin lanes, sellin cocaine outta candy thang Jammin Lil' Wayne, gotta trunk of bang, 'cause I'ma +Hot Boy+, gotta hot flame And my hoes pay me, just like Baby, that's the only way they can lay me Niggaz shoot slugs but they ain't graze me, they want Sweet Jones be pushin daisies But you slow and lazy, you can't fade me, that's the reason I knock ya lady How you gon' pimp wit'cha dick up in her? I told the pimp God that you was a sinner You takin these square hoes out to dinner, the bitch chose me 'cause she want a winner I mix her whole head up like a blender, hoe need a daddy, you'se pretender I used to be a young drug dealer, now I'ma young girl stealer I hit the streets like just like Steve Jackson, nigga say my name watch the priest reaction Sweet Jones or Sweet James? Switched my name and finger fucked the game The nigga fell off 'cause his raps are shitty, plus a nigga need to move up out the city The game gritty but the bitch pretty, lemme snatch the white girl up off ya titty Ya heard me right, I play wit' what I knows Wear platinum piece and wit' the Gucci clothes Paid my dues, I ain't came to lose, I wear Marvin Blackman tennis shoes In the winter time, mink coat to match and they on the floor wit' my candy 'Lac [Hook] [Mike Jones] Uh! I'm comin out in that candy thang, 8 carats in my pinky rang Drop the top in the parking lot so y'all can see where the deserts swang Candy paint what I'm flippin on, 84's and vogues what I'm tippin on Momo wood grain I'm grippin on, grippin on I said! Candy paint what I'm flippin on, 84's and vogues what I'm tippin on Momo wood grain I'm grippin on, codeine in cup I'm sippin on I hog the lane in that candy train, swangin left and right then I turn up the bang I'ma say it for those who don't know my name, know my name They call me Mike Jones and I blew up quick, Ice Age the name you can't tell by the wrists? I sit on buck in that candy 6, and I keep that thing real handy bitch! I keep it trill like Pimp and Bun, do hoes bad and leave 'em on the run 'Cause I don't got no love for 'em but hard dick and bubble gum! I said! I keep it trill like Pimp and Bun, do hoes bad and leave 'em on the run 'Cause I don't got no love for 'em but hard dick and bubble gum! I said! I keep it trill like Pimp and Bun, do hoes bad and leave 'em on the run 'Cause I don't got no love for 'em but hard dick and bubble gum! [Hook] [Bun B] When I pull the slab out and hit the block, wit' them 4's and vogues they clankin out When they trunks pop, drop the top, don't be surprised you can go in shock Wit' them neon lights, candy paint, belts and buckles across the back Don't disrespect or call this a Cadi, maybe this more than just a 'Lac Some like it white but I'ma go to green, purple dro up in the swisha Horny ladies sittin on the grill, wood grain to grip it's hard to miss us We "G" so don't dismiss us, been here before gon' be here later Down wit' that you understand the G Code and if you don't then you'se hater Insult, I can't roll wit'cha, it ain't how I do it man I'm from Texas, P.A. to be exact where we screw it man {*screwed*} U.G.K. for life is the family, that's how we get down Bring them trill niggaz to ya hood and shut ya shit down Playa you need to sit down, you outta ya league Tryna keep up wit' the trill, you just might die of fatigue You can't carry the load, you can't handle the weight Not like them boys up out that Lone Star state so get it straight We be... [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Jazze Pha, Jody Breeze, Tela Album: Pimpalation Song: The Honey Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen! (it's Pimpalation pimpin!) Ladies and Gentlemen! (gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen!) You are now tuned in to the best! This here Jazze Fizzle... producshizzle! Pimp C (ladies and gentlemen!)... Jody Breeze! Ooowwwhhheee! [Jazze] If y'all niggaz want the honey [Jody] Yeah! [Jazze] But I just want the money [Jody] Young chump change! [Jazze] Just fifties and them hundreds! [Jody] Girl I know you want me I'ma... [Jazze] Scoop ya in my Impala, new Gucci and that Prada, gotcha koochie by the collar [Jody] Well I'ma strip off ya clothes and lay ya down on the flo' He fucked the shit out that bitch, I fucked the fear out that hoe {*2X*) [Jody Breeze] Yeah.. hey, uh oh there he go, look who slid through the door It's ya dog Jody Breeze, I'm the shit on the low Y'all niggaz make me sick, spendin chips on a hoe On the grind, tryna get it, I shit on a hoe Off top, let 'em know, I'ma mack, I'ma pro Matter fact, lemme hit it from the back later on Baby, gon' bend it over, tune it up let me see I ain't from Houston hoe, but I'm still a pimp, see? All I drink is Hennessey, all I smoke is stickery Hoes wanna get with me, but they ain't get shit for free I'ma playa, you can tell, ATL where I live I ain't with the kissin, hoes, Jazze Fizzle let 'em know [Pimp C] Y'all niggaz wanna lay, I wanna play in a bitch mind If she, playin her Daddy, I will knock out her spine I'm out here on the grind, 24/7 I'm gettin it I'ma let them tricks eat it up (up!), I ain't trippin bitch! (Bitch!) Bitch, bend over, let 'em see it girl (girl!) Hoes in the club, like '96 showin niggaz love (love!) I used to be off in the Chi-C in Atlanta ('lanta!) Young girls poppin cock out in Alabama ('bama!) I seen it all from the pimps and the tricks (tricks!) The real live boys, opening the pussy stores (pussy stores!) I got respect for the flat backers (backers!) Black, yellow, or crackers, keep ya Daddy ridin 'cause I'ma Cadillacer [Tela] Oh, he Tela in the change, I put the "G" in the game Put the "P" in the pimp (pimp), brought back the blue to the flame (flame) Break a bitch like a trig, write out some magical shit And while I feel more slim, that ain't my starter bitch! Drop the top on the Rolls and roll under the sun Throw my finger in the air like, "Kiiiddd! Hoe I'm the one!" Got my gators and suits, multiple colors like fruit Pimp aroma on my breath, Tropicana and goose To the roots of pianos, see my moves she can't handle H.B.O., nigga hoe break up overtime Soprano Diamonds up against panels of wood, it's all good Lean back, candy 'llac gettin head on my hood (hood) [Jazze Pha] Ladies and gentlemen! (gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen!) Fizzle! Oh, yeah, you have now been entertained (Pimpalation pimpin!) And you are now apart of the Pimpalation! (Pimpalation!) You undersmell? Uh! There's a whole lot of devices that make this thing roll know what I'm talkin 'bout!? (what you talkin 'bout Fizzle?) Yeah, Jazze Fizzle, Sho' Nuff Records! Pimp C, U.G.K. Records! Wood Wheel Records you know what I'm talkin 'bout!? Rap-A-Lot mafia's behind this one, yeah!! Wassup J!? Large mackin and sasquatch pimpin! Y'all know what it is! Wassup Bun B!? Wassup International Red!? Oh boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Cory Mo Album: Pimpalation Song: Gitcha Mind Right Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Hook] Now getcha mind right, baby you a siiimmmppp And I'ma real hot undercover piiimmmppp {*4X*} [Pimp C over Hook] Uhhh... Tony Snow knalmtalkinbout? Tony Snow bitch! Young Pimp, Young Pimp! Sweet Jones! Yes it is, it's goin down! Uh! Huh! Dedicated to Fat Pat, Lil' Daddy knalmtalkinbout? Big Dog and Biz... Baby Looney [Pimp C] {*singing*} I'm so throwed in the game Gettin my paper, takin over they brains The drank over the ice is so cold Pulled up to the light and light my diner, strike a pose These niggaz in this game they wanna stop the Pimp Don't wanna see me comin up and flyin like a blimp I think they feel like I'ma threat But I'ma old school motherfuckin vet So getcha mind right! [Hook] [Pimp C] Uh! Pimp C, Sir James Y'all can't fade this country thang Nigga in "The Source" tried to hate on me but bitch I got the whole South ridin wit' me (ridin' wit me!) Ask this nigga Jeezy, bitch I'm the truth (I'm the truth!) Me and Short Dog go and smoke in the coupe I'm talkin 'bout Too $hort not that fake nigga (uh!) The rap game full of all you fake niggaz (fake niggaz!) Nigga in ya booty gettin raped nigga if you ever take a trip upstate nigga (state nigga!) I don't wanna see them niggaz in the city His gal head was good but her pussy was shitty (pussy was shitty!) That's right nigga, I flipped ya bitch (flipped ya bitch!) She a three-way freak, every hoe take a dick Sent her on a mission, go hit that lick Ya dick is so weak and my game is so slick [Hook] [Cory Mo] Yeah, uh.. getcha mind right nigga, act like y'know Cory Mo pimpin that pen with Tony Snow Once again in the lab with a pen and a pad I'm been payin my dues since early '94 Me and Mike, Moe both got a wall full of plaques (plaques!) Ten car garage and it's all full of 'llacs ('llacs!) Front to the back, Seville to the fleet Can't miss me bitch, keep a ear to the street (huh!) Gotta trunk full of beef for you hoe ass niggaz (hoe ass niggaz!) I'm eleven steps ahead of you slow ass niggaz (slow ass niggaz!) Gotcha gal on my team and she kiss my pinky ring Everytime I tell her to, "Nigga, who the hell is you?" I'ma underground king with a hell of a slang Pimpin and pampering women with a hell of a game I'm tellin ya man, I'm making some incredible change So getcha mind right hoe, stay the hell outta my lane hoe (get the hell outta my lane hoe!) [Hook] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Smoke D, Vicious Album: Pimpalation Song: I Don't Fuck Wit U Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Pimp C] Yeah, E. Vicious y'knalmtalkinbout? Sweet Jones, Tony Snow All you ole bitch ass niggaz on that ole goofy section of the newspaper Knalmtalkinbout? (Mr. Magoo ass niggaz) All that ole comedy shit, that ole fantasy island shit, knalmtalkinbout? (Bugs Bunny ass niggaz) Say man, missed me with that bullshit knalmtalkinbout? Hold up... [Hook] + (Pimp C) Round here runnin ya mouth (runnin ya mouth) Fuck around and hit that nerve, I put a gun in ya mouth (BLAH) Ya dead... and can't believe how you lied on me (uh) But you'se a simp so I'ma let it slide homey (uh) It's outta control, the game is cold Thought he was down, come to find out the nigga's a hoe, a hoe (nigga's a hoe) Just ain't keepin it true, wonderin why I don't fuck wit'chu [Pimp C] Uh, talkin that big dick shit You a hoe, I said it (I said it), what chu gon' do about it bitch? (bitch!) Uh, talkin to the laws (laws) No balls just sugar in ya drawers (drawers) If you don't like me, kill me (uh) I'm only dyin one time, nigga feel me (uh) Cowards die a thousand deaths Born to die but you can't take away my rep (my rep, my rep) And I ain't goin no time soon Gotta broad on the plane, pussy full of balloons Ain't nothin happenin on some bamboo monkey shit (uh) Keep my name outcha mouth, nigga you counterfeit (uh) [Hook] [Verse Two] I walk around this motherfucker, trippin on these weak niggaz Pullin all this hoe shit, callin themselves street niggaz Talkin down, wishing the worse and straight hating on me Praying that I fall off, bitches keep waitin on it I ain't got no friends, niggaz take it how ya hear it Where was y'all for the bid? I did five fuckin years! While the chill turned to lab dap, after all that I took back Never go broke again, bitch I know how to cook crack Learned to stack a dollar, hold the power in a black Impala Try to swerve and hit the curb and watch the crackers follow Bitch nigga got my name in his mouth We go pistols when we pissed, that's how we play in the South (play in the South) [Hook] [Verse Three] Bitch I'ma triple O.G., superhood grown, heavyweight (heavyweight) I'm no magician but my magic tricks will make you levitate Round of applause for the plastic pieces Right now the clip up in nickels in solemn night releases Aye, aye.. no joking or playin, I'm sayin we sprayin for real Straight out the gate, no hesitation bitch I'm bustin my steel The shit is helter-skelter And you gon' need Jesus Christ, a gimmick, plus a fall-out shelter We cast wet toiletries upon bitch ass snakes For cheesecakes, the dirty rats gon' put ya tongue on a plate Diarrhea mouth niggaz, 1-800-IMA-TELL Fuck around wit'em, you gon' be dead or in jail (jail) [Hook] [Pimp C]  Say this Young Pimp y'knalmtalkinbout? Say Mike Dean, go and draft some of that vinyl for the South knalmtalkinbout? Me and Slim Thug finna ride on out on these bitch ass niggaz!  Hold up... {*echoes*} [Slim Thug] Smoke somethin, bitch! {*starts laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Slim Thug Album: Pimpalation Song: Working the Wheel Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com "Hold up..." {*echoes*} [Slim Thug] Smoke somethin, bitch! {*starts laughing*} [Hook] {*Pimp C sampled from Three 6 Mafia's "Sippin on Some Syrup"*} "I'm trill working the wheel, oh you can get a biz-zerd" "I'm choking on that doja sweet and sipping on that sizz-erp" "I'm trill working the wheel, oh you can get a biz-zerd" "I'm choking on that doja sweet and sipping on that sizz-erp" [Slim Thug] (Slim Thugga! Muthafucka!) I'm still trill, working the wheel (wheel), it's pimpin at its finest (at its finest) We playas of the year, you other simps is behind us (is behind us) Still sideline hustlin, got 'em for the chief (Geah!) Only nigga in '06 hittin licks off this beat (Ha!) Phones get ya fucked off, so need for conversations (un uh!) Just hit me when ya get up to that corner gas station (here I come) Keep a candy blue 'llac, pop the trunk on the chrome (on the chrome) Had the state ridin dirty 'til the Pimp came home (free Pimp C) Now it's on, get ready for that Texas takeover (takeover) We got the whole world sipping on them purple sodas (Ha!) Saying, "Man, hold up!" (up!) And screaming, "What it do!?" (what it do) Showing off the diamond grills, swangin, bangin on the screw (bangin on the screw) [Hook] - repeat 2X [Pimp C] Uh! Pimp C, I ain't never made love (made love!) Some of my friends sell drugs! (Uh!) I got some bitches with some cock good as gold (good as gold!) 'Cause good hot pussy is to be throwed and sold See me, I'm stackin my paper, grippin my wood Diamonds up again, just like it should Me and Young Thug, up in yo' hood Pimpin a hoe like a trill nigga could 'Cause everyday is a holiday (holiday) Poppin tags on a collar day (collar day) Girls want this hot dollar cum, wanna suck my dick, wanna swallow Mae (Uh!) Everything is everything, when I think to fuck with my pinky ring (ring) Sipping on a colt purple thing (purple thing), candy red drop sittin on swang I whip the 'llac like a whip a bird (whip a bird) Used to drink and then hit the herb (hit the herb) Cars swerve but don't hit the curb Got kids in the 'burb, sipping on syrup [Hook] - repeat 2X [Slim Thug] My nigga Pimp off lock, off that lot in a Bentley (in a Bentley) That's how that Texas represent, blowin ‘dro behind tint (Geah!) But still ain't let this money change us, still keep a set of swangers On a drop in the garage, with a trunk full of papers Fit this poppin room with hash pots, shining like stars (shining like stars) She don't wanna fuck me she wanna fuck my car (fuck my car) Bustin down a cigar, fillin it up with the green Fire it up! Couplet on the money, cup for the lean [Pimp C] Slim Thug 'bout to fan 'em (fan 'em!), fuckin niggaz' heads up (up!) Hoe didn't know us country niggaz had our bread up (bread up!) Everyday I eat too many shrimp Every city that I go to, bitches love a pimp! Now the shit gon' stop, we got this game by the nuts Puttin pistols to these niggaz and puttin dick in these hoes' cunts Been around the world, then I went to the pen Fought, fled, came back, I finger fucked my enemies again Bitch niggaz get some nuts, bitch niggaz say my name We ain't got no time to be guessin and playin those pussy ass games (pussy ass games!) You pussy niggaz must be smokin that krush Take that monkey record off, you embarrassing us, huh! [Outro: Pimp C] Know what I'm talkin 'bout!? It's goin down in the South! Young Slim Thug and Young Pimp C... already! Puttin it up in these bitch ass niggaz' faces! And we had the money down here, pussy ass nigga! U.G.K. Records and Boss Hogg Outlawz! It's goin down!! Huh!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ 8 Ball & MJG Album: Pimpalation Song: Bobby & Whitney Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Pimp C] I know you hoes on a mission to steal my dick But Pimp Chad ain't goin for the Georgia, bitch (Georgia, bitch!) It wasn't nuttin when I saw ya bitch (saw ya bitch!) She knew that I was on some millionaire shit Everythang I say is the truth (is the truth!) I need five funky hoes for one prostitute Just 'cause you sell pussy don't make you certified You ain't in it to win it, I can see it in yo' eyes WWW dot, "Wonder why I'm quickly gettin exposed" Breakin tricks for they money like a female is supposed ('posed!) I'm not in Neptune, on some Space Age shit All my diamonds got paper, Emmitt keeping me legit ('git!) When the welfare was over, I be sellin cocaine ('caine!) I'm out in Las Vegas, takin over bitches' brains (brains!) Tony Snow don't sniff no blow (sniff no blow!) Pimp hard on a cracker but I love me a crow (love me a crow!) [Hook: Pimp C] - repeat 2X I gotta big truck on some big rims I get my dick sucked, when I pull out the Bent' These hoes jockin me, they wanna ride with me They gotta be down hoe! Like Bobby Brown and Whitney [8 Ball] Life is a game of inches You move up little by little to the fame and riches Life be a game and a broad of visions Some niggaz is hoes and all women ain't bitches And your reach? Keep the heat near Games, I don't play , I'm tryna make it clear You don't hear me nigga? Open up ya ears If you movin too fast, slow down and switch gears P.A. somethin, ya life give ya nothin The streets ain't pokin, you can get shot bluffin Cash rule everythang, keep that on ya brain Get rich quick, let pimpin do the blame Midnight blue with the peanut butter ducts Chrome on my feet and bump in the trunk Ball cap popped up, raised to the back Kush in my realer, rollin big like Shaq [Hook] - repeat 2X [MJG] I'ma pimp, sellin hoes to a chick on the track Make my money, bend her or over, slap the dick on the back They call me Young (Jayyy!!!) G, I'm the man in charge If you read this application, you'll change ya job I gotta order motherfuckin rappers, teachers, preachers, and athletes All make a personal visit or to the backstreets I even gotta hoe, play away With one rule, 'til ya gray, nigga stay away See I'm the reason why ya letcha girl stay at the house and beat her up 'cause my name couldn't stay out her mouth And I don't need to know if she just wanna join the team Get down and kiss all up on my ring I keep a Cadillac and I select a few in my car If you don't own one, then you ain't got shit in ya garage I go hard, you motherfuckas ain't breakin a hoe You just flyin bitches in, showcasing a hoe [Hook] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Lil' Boosie, Webbie Album: Pimpalation Song: Like That (Remix) Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Webbie] Like that, like that Bounce ya ass like that, like that Bounce that ass like that, like that Bend over, let me see it from the back [Hook: Webbie] Like Beyoncé, like Trina (bounce that ass like that) Like a big booty ass black diva (bounce that like ass that) Like a stripper, up and down like Flipper (bounce that ass like that) Bend over, let me see it from the back [Webbie] Double shots of Hennessy, let it get you groovy Gone work yo' ass, do ya thang, I'ma do me I done switched to doja and the swisher, got a room key Act like you auditioning for a video or movie Bend towards the floor I want your hands where your toes be I'ma squeeze all on you booty, all nasty Done made 18, girl I'm legal, you can harass me Cash and a Beamer, I can't seem to find a bad beat A big fat ass like Trina make me happy Titties shake, thighs shake, vibrate while she dancing Like to shake her ass like Ciara real fancy Wonder can Ciara shake that ass on this nine piece Betcha Jada Pinkett shake that ass real classy Ain't ready for the real, betcha she be lettin Will have it You see me I'm picky, I rate that ass I gotta ask 50 how Vivica shake that ass [Hook] - repeat 2X [Pimp C] I sent my bitch to Las Vegas, go and hit that lick (hit that lick) I'm still tryna put some dick up in Vanity 6 Apollonia too (too), you know I'll bust you up (bust you up) I want some three-way love, head, pussy, and butt Ain't no shame in my game, I need a porno star Lemme hit ya in ya ass and play it back in my car (back in my car) I'm talkin Jeannie Pepper, I know that she feelin me Take dick like a champ like a bitch named Kennedy All it takes for me, bone, neck, and lay in they house I know you real pimp niggaz, they know what I'm talkin about Tell that girl Keyshia Cole she need to give me some pussy She "shoulda cheated" with Sweet Jones 'cause that nigga's a rookie 'Fore I sweep through ya pussy like Rita or Katrina Bitch thought Sweet Jones just might hit her I told her like this, she can swallow this skeeter Now hoe move around 'cause I really didn't need her [Hook] - repeat 2X [Lil' Boosie] I want a face like Beyoncé, a smile like Ashanti Boosie and Paris Hilton, a caramel sundae Bust it back, wide open, lemme see yo' inside And lick yo' tongue at me (ooohhh!), that make my temperature rise Lookin for Teairra Mari, I can "make you feel good" Ciara can get it too, Olivia I'm feelin you I need lips like Fantasia, put me to sleep Talk nasty like Trina (ooohhh!), I need me a freek I like to lay back, fuck bitches with two or three Georgia Peaches They argue before they eat it, like Puffy they need Jesus Like to smoke a purple blunt while you play with that cock And while I knock off yo' top, I want Lil' Webbie to watch Yo gon' let Webbie see my candy, yeah? Girl that's how we play that there Eve? I better not see yo' tail nowhere 'Cause I'ma talk that koochie out the drawers (say what!?) You want me to be Santa Clause, you gon' have to break it off like... [Hook] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Mannie Fresh, Suga Album: Pimpalation Song: Cheat on Yo Man Typed by: _mcgreezy87@aol.com_ (mailto:mcgreezy87@aol.com) [Mannie Fresh] Go 'head baby, I see you got the pay disconnect notice Have rent, never paid on time (damn!) You ain't never been nowhere in the world huh? (damn!) And he still got you in that little fucked up ass car huh? [Chorus: Mannie Fresh] If you wanna get ahead baby, stick to the plan If you wanna get ahead baby, cheat on yo' man If you wanna get ahead baby, stick to the plan If you wanna get ahead hey.. I'll show you [Pimp C] I ain't really tryna break you and yo' nigga up (up) I'm just tryna get paid and put dick up in yo' butt (butt) I'm glad you gotta man, you can give him the drama You can be his main gal, and Young Pimp little momma I seen you on Fondren, rippin in the Honda I was in the big toy goin to a conference I still put it on the edge like Jon Dido Choppin blades on the edge like that boy Cenal You can choose or get down with some true shit Or snooze and lose and steady out there payin dues bitch (bitch!) A nigga need to take you to Exotic Go holler at Emmitt 'cause girl ya wrists lookin sorry Clustered rings ain't what it's about But he got twenty thousand dollars worth of diamonds in his mouth (mouth!) His trucks on 24's and your car ridin bad Need to break him for his safe and bring that shit over to Chad (Chad!) [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Suga] Now I don't really care wha'chu talkin about Unless you talkin 'bout me puttin cadi in mouth (cadi in mouth) I'm sick of you niggaz thinkin ya ass is hot When you livin off ya broad, takin all she got So bitch get a trick with a wedding ring Keep it one hundred, his ass'll be ya everything But don't change at the crib (nuh uh!), stay the same way Cater to him like yo' ass Beyoncé Stack them snaps until yo' next nigga upgrade Stay paid and keep away from the bitch made Make sure you never let a good man down Keep 'em up, keep it up, and he'll stay around So when ya out wit'cha man and he roll up Turn to him, wink that eye, keep that ass up So when ya out wit'cha man and he roll up Turn to him, wink that eye, keep that ass up [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Mannie Fresh] Love ain't nothin but a four letter word Gotcha girl doin tricks in a Thunderbird Cartwheel, how that feel? Layin dead on the thing And she so turnt on by this big ass rim Still make a lotta money with them mediocre skills Push a old school Chevy with some big ass wheels If you know better, show better, get with a winner Ya man ain't nothin but a Lunchable dinner You be fucked up and ya rent ain't paid All ya bills behind and you sexy like this Ya dude straight sold you a big ass dream Pack ya shit young lady, be apart of my team Wha'chu know about sliding on marble doors?I can fix you from the hair, to the nails, to the toes We can get together, sleep together, kick it and shit That's all you gotta do is let a real nigga hit [Chorus] - repeat 2X [22 seconds of instrumental] [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Big Mike Album: Pimpalation Song: Havin' Thangs '06 Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Pimp C] Huh... had to bring it back for the muthafuckin 2006 It's goin down bitch! (fly hoes and chains and swangin thangs) Y'all remember that shit? (remember that shit?) Talkin 'bout? (Just another young playa havin thangs man...) Check this shit out... uh! [Pimp C] It's really goin down in the God damn South Young girls poppin pussy with them golds in their mouth Young boys comin up, layin it down in the cut Never fallin in a rut 'cause life was made for us to strut (strut!) Never take for granted, take the bull by the horns (horns!) Sippin on somethin sweet, blowing green popcorn (corn!) I'm trill, I'm country 'til the end my nigga The underdog, young hog, fuck the pen my nigga! But this a waste of bodies (bodies!), a waste of time (time!) A waste of spirits you amateur, and a waste of mind (mind!) You ain't really tough 'cause you been dying little fool Everybody tryna get back to they families on the cool I rather grip off grain (grain!), get head in the lane (lane!) You can have them hoes' bodies, I'm possessing they brains (possessing they brains!) Comin up on 'em in a wide body frame Hoe can't even pronounce the name, I'm out here havin thangs! [Chorus] - repeat 2X Fly hoes and chains and swangin thangs (swangin thangs) Just another young playa having thangs man... (out here havin thangs) [Big Mike] (Yeah! Big Mike y'all! Yeah!) From CD sales to jail cells From diamonds that shine to eatin slop straight up off a chow line From walkin that fine line uhh, to 12 jurors decidin mine From bein free, to bein confined From bein loved, to bein despised, many times I cried For not allowin that bullshit to slide It was a pill that I couldn't swallow – loaded the strap with the hollows After takin to the head a whole bottle I did that, not thinkin twice about the consequences 'Til I served damn near 4 years behind the fences All my folk were like, "Big Mike, you trippin" "Get it together," if I could I woulda done somethin different Uh! From G-walkin to slippin, yeah, to flippin them caliper pagers Day after day, sweatin 'em out in them cages Patiently waiting on the day when I can.. get back at it Work that magic, collect that cabbage, I gotsta have it [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Chamillionaire, Trae Album: Pimpalation Song: Overstand Me Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Hook: Pimp C] Everybody rapping like they ballin and they rich I see 'em in the streets, I ain't believing they shit Every-everybody rapping like they ballin and they rich I see 'em in the streets, I ain't believing they shit Every-everybody rapping like they ballin and they rich I see 'em in the streets, I ain't believing they shit If they diamonds ain't shinin and they rollin K steel While I'm grippin on the grain, sippin lean, and poppin pills Every... [Pimp C over Hook] Check one two, one two, bitch! I see your lips quivering but I don't hear nothing! Knalmtalkinbout!? Man these niggaz is Mr. Magoo man Uh!!! [Pimp C] Everybody wanna be on some "Superfly" shit (shit!) But I'm the closest thang to Priest that you gon' see bitch! I'ma pretty yellow nigga, keep my finger on the trigger (trigger!) Y'all know the scope, Polo FUCK HILFIGER! (fuck Hilfiger!) I see you niggaz on the slab, ya jewelry lookin funny (uh!) Y'all ain't seeing no rap or no +Dirty Money+ (Dirty Money!) I be in the streets lettin my nuts hang (hang!) Boys wanna 'bang bang', nigga it ain't no main thang (main thang!) Coward niggaz makin death threats (death threats!) I leave ya pussy and ya chest wet (wet!) I ride around in P.A. one deep in a Bentley (uh!) Bitch if you 'bout it, come and fuck with me (fuck with me!) But bitch you better bring an arsenal (uh!) Because if you miss me you ain't gon' make it to the hospital! (bitch!) And if ya hit me, they gon' kill ya family Pussy nigga ain't gon' win, bitch do you overstand me? [Hook] [Trae] Everybody actin like they ballin in this bitch Until a nigga get up outta the drop and simply fallin on that Benz 83's, I'ma swang a swanger, with ice the price of a house And I'm the truth, muthafuck the rest, look at this 30 in my mouth You in the presence of a playa, keep yo' cool 'cause I might go off When I hop out, suicide roaring Gators, fuckin yo' toes off And I walk with a attitude like, "Fuck them niggaz, they can't see me" I guess they love to ride my dick 'cause they watchin me like I'm TV While these niggaz out here rapping and capping 'bout what they got or be the reason they get punched in the mouth and ran off the block I ain't gotta say I'm ballin, bitch you see it on my wrist Grippin grain, VVS on my fist and these haters pissed They ice don't even shine like the watch that I got Then again they never seen the size of the rocks that I got Now getcha mind right, nigga you a simp Real recognize trill, so I'm fuckin with the Piiimmmppp!!! [Hook] [Chamillionaire] I ain't believing that... knalmtalkinbout, let's handle business baby! Yeah... grippin on the grain (you know what it is!) Geyeah!! You ain't the truth and I'm talkin to you, ya jewelry sho' actin funny Get it appraised for less than me when I'm wearin no ice ya dummy! Better not think ya thinkin of ballin 'cause ya showed up at Johnny Wrappin them hundreds on top of ones like it's a whole bunch of money My golds white and sunny, you equivalent with "it depends" Whether or not you knows the seventy thousand dollar difference Fix ya lens, getcha spend, ya game been up and still pretend that ya spend, dividends, don't pretend that yo' whip's a Benz You talkin 'bout they slang and even got no thang Niggaz be talkin 'bout they swang and even got no swangs Spent my broad, leave a complaint, I ain't gon' charge her to the game Tellin that hoe to release a Visa, then I'ma charge her for a ring Me and Pimp be ridin candy 'llac, that's a Cadillac my nigga, matter fact And I sold it to 'em, plus he had a track So he grabbed the deck and then he added that Them boys was frontin like they had the stacks So my nigga told me that they had the Jag I picked the phone up and I handled that That's multi-jewelry, let 'em have it back [Hook] - repeat 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Ali, Big Zak, Gipp, Jagged Edge, Jazze Pha Album: Pimpalation Song: On Your Mind Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com "Yeah girl, you know what it is" (whoa!) "Yeah girl, you know what it is" (whoa!) "Yeah girl, you know what it is" (whoa!) "You know what it is (whoa!), you know what it is" (whoa!) {*2X*} [Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen! You are now tuned into the best! Uh! It's Jazze Fizzle! The return of Sweet Jones! Hey! Pimp C! Yeah! UGK baby.. Gipp & Ali.. Big Zak! Fizzle, Fizzle! Sho' Nuff! Sing it Jagged! [Chorus: Jagged Edge] I know you gotta man at home (at home) Don't go and do nothin crazy You ain't gotta make a move Baby, let me put this on your mind! I know you gotta man at home (at home!) But think about this here for later (later!) You ain't gotta make a move Baby, let me put this on your mind! Let me put this, let me put this Let me put this on your mind! [Pimp C] Uh.. Sweet Jones.. Uh! Get down girl, just like Pharrell sizzaid "Cheat on ya man ma, that's how you get ahizzhead" I ain't tryna lock ya down and take ya time (take ya time) I'm just tryna put this dick off in ya mind (mind) Go hit ya spine like a Viking supposed to Keep ya nigga in ya life or let a young nigga mold you We stayin prayed of paper, the ammunition for the devil Getting our blessings, goin to that other level (level) Bet these niggaz can't get it, can't see Can't touch it, can't read, 'cause them niggaz ain't me And girl I don't dream, everythang come true These hoes tryna choose me, but bitch I'm tryna fuck wit'chu (I'm tryna fuck wit'chu!) [Big Zak] She gotta nigga at home? Of course you do 'Cause if ya didn't, I'd think somethin was wrong wit'chu I can't see a nigga splitting up, divorcing you You hot like cayenne, proportion you Now image is everythang, time is money Let me beat right quick and skeet on yo' tummy Chill up a shot of Patron, roll a blunt of the kush I'm kinda old school, still like hair on the puss Now he's yo' provider, pays the bills And me? I provide dick hard as steel For my last birthday she arranged a ménage And graduated from the drive-way to the garage Hah! [Ali] Yeah, it's ya boy Ali Jones, rock on! Yeah... Now you can catch me sippin somethin with a cork in a bottle Smokin bad on that purp or the fourth with a model I don't party much, when I do I blow through it I confess, I talk about it more than I do it (ooohhhwwweee!) I'm the vacation type, white ostrich Bugatti On the beach with a young Chevy Belle Afonte No P.O., no court, no glock Bought these mainly, fresh purr, no socks [Gipp] Gipp rollin in a candy Jeep G-50 On the weekend it's the LS 460 Overseas, steering wheel on the right side and you wouldn't believe that that's a seven forty-five Where you goin? What it is? What's ya name? ESP jeans and hardly true religion on her man (hey!) Tryna fill corners, make some more chips Drive a few whips, old school chrome lips Flown through the park, dippin downtown Four-door Cruiser with the top break down (down!) Floors and the walls all oak on the private coach And we all gon' let it burn on the "Love Boat" [Chorus w/ variations] [Jazze Pha] Pimp C, UGK for life man! That's my nigga right there! Fo' shizzle, dizzle! Back on the streets, Daddy! The Pimpalation man! Right here, live in person man! Fenzel Washington, it's Pimpin in Motion man! P.I.M.... you undersmell that? Yeah, we doin it real big man! Jazze Pha, Pimp C, Jagged Edge, Big Zak, Gipp & Ali Whoa boy! Masterly coordinated! Ooowwwhhheee!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Tanya Herron, Z-Ro Album: Pimpalation Song: I Miss U Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Pimp C] + (Tanya Herron) Huh!! (I miss yooouuu, I'm talkin to you baaabbbyyy) Dedicated to everybody that lost somebody knalmtalkinbout? (I miss yoouuu) Knalmsayin… (I miss yooouuuu, I'm talkin to you baaabbbyyy, I miss yooouuu) Gotta give 'em they flowers while they living knalmsayin 'Cause ain't nothin promised, one day you here, the next day you gone For real.... [Pimp C] Uhh! A lotta shit done changed, dope man since you been gone I did a whole lotta good, I did a lotta wrong I made a whole lotta change, I wrote a lotta songs Sometimes I felt weak, most times I stood up strong Yeah I got three kids now, Natasha had a son We ain't together no more, I guess we was just too young to even try to start a family in the first place But I get happy every time I look into his face Ever since you went away, man it's been hard for me Didn't know 'til you died, how much you meant to me All the time and the patience you put into me You showed me how to be the man that I was meant to be Taught me how to play music and 'bout the melody And to this day, I remember what you was tellin me You told me, "Son, most of this rap shit is just noise" "But if you put some music in it, you'll get rich boy" That's why I stay up in the studio, up all night I fuck with live musicians to get the groove right Yeah I'ma rap star now, yeah you could say that 'Cause now my walls is filled with gold and grey plaques Doin shows and videos and makin big stacks But if it would bring you back.. I would trade all that I wanna thank ya for everything that you did for me I'm on my knees praying to God that you hearing me [Chorus: Tanya Herron] (Oooohhh yeeaahhh) I miss yooouuu, I'm talkin to you baaabbbyyy I miss yooouuu (you know that I miss, I'm missing you) I miss yooouuu (ooohhhh), I'm talkin to you baaabbbyyy I miss yooouuu {*harmonizing*} [Pimp C] I know you watch me up there and it's gettin hard for me When you get a chance, put a good word into the Lord for me I been got caught up, got sent to the pen I let ya down, I'm in a place I know you never thought you see me in But all these things is happening for a reason I guess God saved my life and put me up to see another season And all my so-called friends don't even write to me They don't go check on my momma, don't send no price to me I'm tryna raise my kids from a penitentiary Stayin on my knees, praying they don't grow up to be like me Do you remember when my parents thing ain't worked out? You let me and my momma come live in yo' house Knowin already you had too many people livin wit'cha You always treated me special, I never could forget cha Cook me breakfast and lunch and dinner everyday You wiped my tears away, tried to explain why my life had to be this way Always gave me the real, you never bullshit me I wish I woulda said thank you when you was here with me My uncle miss ya and I know you know his heart is blue But he ain't the only one 'cause Annie I miss you too [Z-Ro] A house is not a house if ain't nobody livin in it Tell me why black life isn't life unless there's prison in it General population of super cell, or Johnny or some Jack Man Powdered coffee, peppermint, peach cool offs, but a paint I wish I had that And even more than my freedom, I wish I had somethin else I would give back everything I've accomplished 'fore this one thang and nothin else I ain't talkin about a relationship 'cause broads bring too much drama (drama) I'd even pass the chance to be a millionaire if I could hug and kiss my momma (momma) I remember like it was yesterday, although I was six years old "Momma what's wrong, wake up, wake up! Why yo' forehead hot and yo' hands so cold?" "Who all these people up in our room? Auntie tell 'em put my momma down!" I didn't understand what was goin on, but it felt wrong 'cause so many people came around I didn't have to go to school that day (that day), and everybody was buyin me shit (buyin me shit) Tellin me everythang was alright but they was sad and cryin and shit Ain't that a bitch? My momma ain't never came back, I wish I could hug and kiss her Even though Auntie and Grandma Dorothy raised me right, I still miss her [Chorus] - 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK  Album: Underground Kingz Song: Swisha and Dosha Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com Knalmtalkinbout? Like we always do about this time, bitch! [Pimp C] I got candy in my cup (cup), candy in my car (car) Candy on my wrist (wrist), candy on my car (car) Smokin on this chocolate, my neck be sittin so sparkling Man I feel so awkward-ward when I ain't got no barre to spliff I keep a whole sip (whole sip), a whole clip (a whole clip) in case these pussy niggaz wanna trip (uh!) Fly high boy (boy), high fly boy (boy) 'Fore I fly high, lookin at them jackers in their eye (eye) I remember when a rapper was a go getta (go getta) Now all these rappers is some hoe niggaz (uh!) Hide behind the guards at the show nigga (uh!) Don't want no pussy, homosexual, on the low nigga That's y'all (that's y'all), I from the old school (uh!) Like MJG and Ball, like Devin the Dude I know Short Dog (Dog), the real Short Dog (Dog) Who see me drapin drips, stepped out the whip on Sunset Strip [Chorus: Pimp C] Swishas and dosha, blow when we driving Benz's and Cadi's, swangin big bodies Swishas and dosha, blow when we driving Benz's and Cadi's, swangin big bodies Swishas and dosha [Bun B] Fuck niggaz bumpin gums, real niggaz be bumpin screw (screw) So don't get bumped up, just in case a real G bump into you I'm like Bumpy Knuckles, buck with nothin but ready rockers that's down for pistol play (on who?), on boy's that's steady knockers Got boppers that's steady jockin, goofy niggaz in my ear Bitch I'ma self-made trillionaire, get your soft ass outta here Weak niggaz wanna plead their case (case), just to raise up out my face (face) I ain't got that time to waste, punch your mouth and knock out the taste You MySpacin and Facebookin, playin games with them toys I'm in the streets where gangstas meet, while you're online with them boys So step your game up, build your name up, quit your talkin and quit your doin All that planning and contemplating.. when the fuck you gon' start pursuing? Cars ain't driving themselves, mansions ain't building themselves They waiting for Annie Mae and they need to stop feelin themselves They wealth ain't comin until they earn it But that somethin they won't know 'til they learn it, while burnin... [Pimp C] I'ma tell you pussy niggaz once again (once again) Ain't had no friends since I left the pen (uh!) It's some niggaz I respect in the rap game (game) But it's some niggaz that I better not hear sayin my fuckin name (uh!) You say I love a stripper (bitch!), pullin down my zipper (bitch!) That hoe was payin me, bitch don't try to play with me! (bitch!) You runnin from the fight, hiding bitch, I stay with it (with it) You gotta problem with me, go to Lil J with it [Bun B] This is UGK, get it? Bun and Pimp, Pimp and Bun Three little G's is stayin hard, you comin limp simply son They want it, we can give 'em some (But) probably not what they wanna see Trill ass niggaz certified, ain't never been no wanna-be (naw) Has-been's, Never-was, Past-due, Out-dated Can't nobody from the North, East, West, or South fade it (at all) You talkin down but we comin up as well as comin down So Pimp sum it up baby [Chorus: repeat 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ OutKast Album: Underground Kingz Song: International Player's Anthem Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Andre 3000] So I typed a text to a girl I used to see Sayin' that I chose this cutie pie with whom I wanna be And I apologize if this message gets you down Then I CC'ed every girl that I'd see-see 'round town And hate to see y'all frown, but I'd rather see her smilin' Wetness all around me, true, but I'm no island Peninsula maybe It makes no sense, I know crazy Give up all this pussy cat that's in my lap No lookin' back Spaceships don't come equipped with rear view mirrors They dip as quick as they can The atmosphere is now ripped I'm so like a pimp (Pip), I'm glad it's night (Gladys Knight) Stole the light from the sun Would not burn me on my bum When I shoot the moon High jump the broom Like a preemie out the womb My partner yellin' "Too soon! Don't do it! Reconsider! Read some liter-ature on the subject You sure? Fuck it You know we got your back like chiroprac-tic If that bitch do you dirty We'll wipe her ass out in some detergent Now hurry hurry  Go on to the altar I know you ain't a pimp, but pimp remember what I taught ya Keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart Hey keep your heart, three stacks, keep your heart Man these girls is smart, three stacks, these girls is smart Play your part... play your part" [Pimp C] (Sweet Jones) My bitch a choosy lover Never fuck without a rubber Never in the sheets, like it on top of the cover Money on the dresser, drive a Compressor Top notch ho's get the most, not the lesser Trash like to fuck with $40 in the club Fuckin' up the game, bitch it gets no love She be cross country, givin' all that she got A thousand a pop, I'm pullin' Bentleys off the lot I smashed up the gray one, bought me a red Everytime we hit the parkin' lot we turn head Some ho's wanna choose but them bitches too scary Your bitch chose me, you ain't a pimp, you a fairy [Bun B.] Baby you been rollin' solo, time to get down with the team The grass is greener on that other side, if know what I mean I show you shit you never seen, the Seven Wonders of the World And I can make you the eighth if you wanna be my girl When I say my girl I don't mean my woman, that ain't my style Need a real street stalker (stalker) to walk a green mile We pilin' up the paper on the dinin' room table Cuz you able to realize I'm the truth and not a fable We rock the freshest Sable, keep that 'chilla on the rack What I look like with some thousand dollar shit up on my back? I'm a million dollar mack that need a billion dollar bitch Put my pimpin' in your life, watch ya daddy get rich Easy as A-B-C, simple as 1-2-3 Get down with U-G-K, Pimp C, B-U-N B Cuz what's a ho with no pimp? And what's a pimp with no ho's? Don't be a lame, you know the game and how it goes We tryin' to get chose [Big Boi] Eeny meeny decisions, with precision I pick or Make my selection on who I choose to be wit' girl Don't touch my protection, I know you want it to slip But slippin' is somethin' I don't do, tippin' for life That's like makin' it rain every month on schedule Let me tell you, get your parasol umbrella Cuz it's gonna get wetter Better prepare ya for the C support She supposed to spend it on that baby but we see she don't "Ask-ask Paul McCartney" "The lawyers couldn't stop me" "Slaughter-slaughterin' them pockets" "Had to tie her to a rock and" Send her in to outer space, I know he wish he could Cuz he payin' 20K a day, that bitch is eating good Like an infant on a double D titty, just getting plump Cuz you miscalculated the next to the-the last pump "Dump-dump in the gut, raw from the giddy up" "Better choose that right one or pick-pick the kiddies up" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Chrome Plated Woman Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pimp C] Chamillion gave me the bitch, she was already a star (star) Now all these niggaz wanna fuck my car She a video hoe, the bitch make big money Like to let her hair down when the sky get sunny You can catch her in the Dub or the King magazine ('zine) Young red bitch, pussy wet, five screens (five screens) Now watch her fat ass drop (drop) Fifth po'in out and the trunk gets popped (gets popped) These niggaz schemin on my young hoe Niggaz so gung-ho bitch can't let me go (let me go) I bring the bitch value up ten times (uhh) It's goin higher everytime I write another line I get my paper in the streets Big cocaine, grip grain and pimp the lane (pimp the lane) I really miss Robert Davis I'm reppin for ya baby leave these niggaz on the pavement [Chorus: Pimp C] I got the grill on the front, trunk steady hummin I fell in love with my chrome plated woman The grill on the front, trunk steady hummin I fell in love with my chrome plated woman The grill on the front, trunk steady hummin I fell in love with my chrome plated woman The grill on the front, trunk steady hummin I fell in love with my chrome plated woman [Bun B] Well let me introduce ya to the baddest bitch alive Can't nothin fuck wit her (wit her) when I put her in drive Other hoes got fo' shoes, but mine got five (she got five) And got the hood buzzin like a beehive She's immaculately dressed, with good hygiene Take a bath everyday, cause she gots to stay clean I wipe her down slow with a real soft rag Now she lookin so good (good) a nigga gots to brag (I gots to brag) When we pull up my nigga we stop to show You probably kill yourself when you see the suicide do' In the summertime she might come outside without a top (without a top) And one look'll make a nigga mouth drop (ya mouth drop) We don't stop we keep it rollin like a ball With a bitch this bad, how could a nigga take a fall? Naw she ain't for y'all, you gots to get your own Just make sho' that she's covered in chrome, c'mon [singer] + (Pimp C) On the highway (way) livin the fly way (fly way) Bitch on my hood, guidin my way (uhh) Money on the nightstand, never did lay (lay) True to the game, I put that on P.A. [Pimp C] P.A. - still gettin sucked under the street lights (uhh) And nigga it sho' feel good when you're livin right (livin right) Eatin right (eatin right) fuckin right (uhh) Steady pimpin bitches through my website [Bun B] So get your head right (head right) and get your bread right (bread right) Cause babygirl'll hit you in your chest dead right Have it on your mind cause she'll put it in your heart The game'll be over 'fore the motor even start With the brand new parts (WHAT) got them boys eruptin But don't call it plastic surgery, it's body sculptin Take a old school give it new car sense And then I don't regret one motherfuckin dollar I spent mayne~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Too $hort Album: Underground Kingz Song: Life Is 2009 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bun B] Yeah, see I remember, how it all be-gan I used to slang dirty raps to my P.A. fans And back then, I knew you couldn't stop this flow No other MC around can go like I go I brought the new style in and the bass it got crunker I bought me a slab and now I'm a pop trunker Do I wanna rap or swang on 4's Your brother's comin down slammin Cadillac do's People tellin me that it's just my time They know it's UGK for life and I get down for mine 14 on the mic and you never seen me play Big big chain and comin straight up outta P.A. Quote out the Texas, the land of the trill And fuck your diamonds man these boys done put a gun to your grill It's Bun Beeda, you know that I be reppin mayne See we done said it befo', but we gon' say it agayn Life is... [Chorus: Pimp C] Too $hort don't you agree? While I'm livin my life, don't fuck with me (Life is...) too short, whippin the slab Comin down blowin sweets and hurtin hoes on the ave I've been crushin these niggaz, me and Bun B Been a legend since 1993 Gimme thirty thousand and I'll serve ya some heat I'll write your rhymes, sang the hook, and I'll make ya a beat I used to dream about this shit, now my money is legit Ain't no mo' ridin up that ten with that shit tryin to win I let the young whippersnapper take all the risks They'll serve a nigga dope and now it's all on a disk Keep a bad yella bitch and a thick young brown (brown) Top dropped down when I'm ridin through the town (town) Y'all call 'em trues (trues) we call 'em Vogues (Vogues) They call 'em shorties (shawty) we call 'em hoes (hoes) Y'all niggaz behind still playin wit'cha nose I got two matchin Bentleys just bought me a Rolls My momma drive a BM and my gul got a Benz Watchin life through my rearview I see haters in my lens Life is... [Too $hort] Life is too short, that's what I always say We wasn't homies last week so don't call me today I ain't got nuttin for you, can't loan you shit Don't you hate when broke niggaz be on yo' dick~?! I can make a lot of money, I know I can But the mo' I make, the mo' I spend Lot of cash in my pockets just to show my friends I can put it in the bank to buy fo' mo' rims For my fo' do' Benz, with the royal blue paint Sometimes you wanna quit, but you know you cain't You gotta keep hustlin or you lose it all If you choose to ball you pay your dues and fall I said fuck bein broke, if I gotta sell coke I'ma rock the shit up and raise hell with my folks I'll be posted on the block, at night I gotta get mine I'll pimp hoes and I do white collar crimes Cause life is... [Bun B] Now life is to some people unbearable They tellin on they homeboys and that's terrible Was it way too much time or nothin big Cause if you tell on us, we'll be splittin your wig Now my freedom is to me my main asset So I'ma keep it 100, and give like I get Chill at the Ponderosa and smoke that good I'm tryin to get rich while I rep for the hood See everybody's got that same old dream Of big cars, bad bitches and a mountain of cream Drive a brand new Bentley, Benzo or a Beem But ain't none of that worth tellin on yo' team It's on you homeboy, so what'chu gon' do You need to take my advice and stop snitchin fool Or you can close yo' ears, and run yo' mouth But when they catch you homeboy you'll soon find out Life is... [Bun B] Life is... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: The Game Belongs to Me Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Chorus 2X: Pimp C] I got Bobby by the pound, Whitney by the key DJ Screw by the gallon, bitch the game belong to me I got Bobby by the pound, Whitney by the key DJ Screw by the gallon, bitch the game belong to me [Pimp C] I got money on my beeper, dead trees on my phone They call me Mick Jagger 'cause I "roll a lot of stones" It's a whole lot of clones but only one Sweet Jones Turnin whores to carnivores, they just can't leave my meat alone It's been a long time since I busted on a glock but every corner that I hit, I left it screwed up and chopped (chopped) Marooned up and dropped, like my Biarritz on top Let the motherfucker bleed until it drip and let it drop I'm still that young boy that had a pocket full of stones but now I'm sick and simply rich, grippin wood and flippin chrome I got Bobby by the pound, Whitney by the key DJ Screw by the gallon, bitch the game belong to me [Bun B] Man I pull up in your city and get my Bush on (what is that?) Lay down the competition, take their cash crops, and get my push on (huh) Moved up to Bentley with more chrome from a Lexus key (key) All because we cornered the market on that Texas tee (tee) And we don't bar no plexes, we way bigger than other men though (men though) The diamond deuces on tinted windows, we in the wind yo (wind yo) We "Chevro way" the wind blow (wind blow), that's the corner we been Joe (been Joe) Don't know where you been bro, but it's no quiz to me, you win though When it's ten fo', good to go, but in my Styrofoam good and muddy We block bleeders (what?), leavin your neighborhoods good and bloody We grippin that woodler, bud it (damn), sit back and scope it (huh) Pay attention to Prince and pushin everything about to pump it [Pimp C] Uh! I done smashed up my flyin spurt, it wasn't shit I just parked it in the grass and brought some brand new shit A Phantom Rolls Royce, 24's with the bump I ain't trippin about the seat, I got them woofers in my trunk Cut in my swisher, codeine on my whiskers Fuckin with that Smoke D, Bundy, and that Vicious UGK Records, it's an institution Know a lot of niggaz livin off of prostitution Pimpin ain't dead, it just moved to the web Bitch ain't gotta hit the track, ain't gotta give no tricks no head Ain't got to give no tricks no pussy, just cameras and screams Easiest money you can get, it's the American Dream bitch! [Bun B] Man I'm a middle finger figure (figure), a million dollar mission Poppin like Orville Redenbacher (bacher), with a whippin in the kitchen (kitchen) Yayo like Dontrelle Willis (what?), we the trillest On the mound, I'm holdin that whole South down, I know you feel us We the realest walkin the planet, can't stand it Pass away, wanna fight us Start to swingin, wanna kill us Blast away, wanna stab us Get to stickin but make sure you cut us deep 'Cause I betcha we comin back a couple hundred brothers deep (oh!) Pimp and Bun, we run the streets, which streets? Man, pick your hood Don't matter, we represented, cross us? (yeah) We gon' get you good Them Down South veterans (huh), ain't nobody better than gonna tell your next of kin or your brethren, let us in cousin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Like That (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Check 1-2 1-2 1-2... You like that [Pimp C] Uhhh! Bitch gon' get down on the flo' You ain't gettin paper what you twerkin it fo'? All I see is a bunch of ones Need to leave with a pimp, time to have some fun All these niggaz is really lame Just talkin to a nig cause you like the game Later on you gon' bite that Bitch you know you like that Choose a pimp, I'm the shit Check the record, I'm legit That nigga you with he counterfeit He crawlin, I'm ballin bitch~! Don't get offended when I call you by that pet name Gon' be up in it when I stand up in that wet thang Piece and chain, full of diamonds Gettin paper the American way Sable coat with silk lining Upgrade, throw the mink away I'm like Beyonce to the left Any bitch can be replaced But I stand to the right, shinin bright Ready to put dick in your face You don't want me to talk like that You ever got fucked in a Maybach? You ever got buck in the back of the 'llac? Roof gone, top back I'm the real this ain't no actin Monkey niggaz playin dumb Nigga knife, he ain't layin no pipe I lay up in you bitch you gon' cum Bitch you know you like that, you know you like that Girl you know you like that, you know you like that Bitch you know you like that, you know you like that Girl you know you like that, bitch you know you like that Bitch you know you like that, you know you like that Girl you know you like that, you know you like that Bitch you know you like that, you know you like that Bitch you know you like that, bitch you know I like that [Bun B] Well this Big Dick Cheney and Tony Snow We go Mighty Joe Young upside a hoe head And fuck how she feel like she bought the whole grid I ain't payin attention to what the hoe said That hoe can go 'head, if she ain't feelin it She ain't goin nowhere, she love how I'm drillin it Throw it up on her she throw it right, back Bitch you know you like, that In your mouth but don't bite, that I'm a dog that's gon' bite, back Do it doggystyle I'm gon' hit that For an hour or two, is you with, that? Toot it up and I'ma tap that Fully pack that, then I'ma smack that Bring it back back, yeah right back Bitch you know you like that~! [Pimp C] Bitch I see you lookin at my chain Can't take your eyes off the panky rang Bitch I'm +Standin on the Top+ Like Rick and the Temps, young bitch I'ma pimp And you like everything I stand fo' Bitch don't use no hands, hoe! All jaws, pull it back Bitch you know you like that [Bun B] Let me do what I wanna do let me do what I feel C'mon ride sidesaddle with the king of the trill All this damn conversatin ain't worth the breath Just lean to the right while I work the left Vice verse and reverse then it's upsy-daisy Damn this pussy drive me fuckin crazy I'm fiendin to eat it baby like crack Cause bitch you know I like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Gravy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pimp C] Uhhhhhhhh~! If you know like I know you would get down on the flo' I keep a magnum for they back and I keep a swisha full of 'dro We can get down for my dime and we can fuck, on the low And if you didn't want a Pimp then what'cha fuckin with me fo'? Every lady ain't a hoe and every hoe ain't my bitch It take a real trill nigga to recognize this type of shit Every girl around me legit, I don't fuck around with no punks Ride with me she holdin a pistol while I'm whippin and poppin the trunk We gon' blow a lot of skunk and we gon' make a lot of bread And we ain't never gon' have no problems 'long as she hear what the fuck I said Pimpin ain't dead it just moved to the website Still like to get my dick sucked under the street lights I'm Tony Snow, I'm out here livin by the code In love with a lifestyle, not no bitch I'm in that mode I'm lookin at you you choosin me my dickhead never stop I'm Pimp C bitch, I'm superstar, we headed to the top [Chorus: sung] I'm stayin true, I'm out here whippin my Mercedes Fuckin with the midnight ladies - the game is cold but it's gravy I'm bangin Screwwww, my young girl lookin fine We stayin out here on the grind - and keepin money on our mi-ii-iind [Bun B] Well I'm certified official, authentic and the real McCoy Guaranteed to blow the spot when I'm in it, gotta feel ya boy 100%, real Bun B I represent Trill with that gangster-ass persona so hard it can dent, steel In the hood cause it needs me, and the corner it feeds me So I eat all I want, my reputation procedes me If you grimy or greasy, then your best step be easy Cause that forty-feezy, leave you leakin fo' sheezy Trigger fingers I squeeze see, and the cannons is bust Them bullets blow by you breezy, like a midsummer gust It'll put your dick in the dust, when I put one up in your dome You be leakin out plasma and puss, and your mouth'll fill up with foam So you gotta go hard or go home, either be a boy or a man Gotta pay the cost to be the boss or you take a loss understand? Gotta play the hand that you're dealt, that's until it's yo' turn to deal Otherwise you get it how you live, I could give a fuck how you feel [Pimp C] I'm Pimp C bitch, I'm from the SOOOOOOOOOUTH This scary hoe don't wanna know what it's ABOOOOOOOOUT Cause I stay country true down to the co', dick good like uncut blow In your nose, in your jaws, feel it tighten up don't stop don't pause Candy nigga drive candy cars, fuck the D.A. fuck the law I fuck the snow but I love a pro like flatbackers I'm a Cadillac'er On parole well I'm a pistol packer, drugs sold, powder jacker Get with me if she a money stacker, bitch around me man I'ma mack her [Bun B] From the land of cheap work and steady licks With pounds of 'dro and dem powder bricks We grind to eat, and eat to live This shit for real, these ain't no tricks With 36 hoes to the ki', and ten kilos grams in the sack And 15 sacks up in the trunk now that's one point five mill' worth of crack It's Big Dick Cheney, Tony Snow, the King Committee is now in session Today's agenda, get that dough cause the clock is tickin, time is pressin No second guessin, make your mind up, step your grind up and get that pay Gotta sell your ass or a nigga blast if you wanna roll with that UGK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Underground Kingz Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] king king, nigga I risked everythang to be a underground king Underground king, I sacrificed everythang to be a underground king  King, nigga I risked everythang to be a undergound king Underground king, and nigga I'll kill everything to stay a underground king [Bun B] Honor respect, valor and nuts You best to come with all fo', when you come up against us You can scream yell cuss, catch a bit of throw tantrum It don't matter, cause a victory you gon hand em No Phantom, slabs and 4's Money pimps coming through, so nigga grab your hoes Trying to sip some'ing too, so nigga pass the purp' We bout to beat your avenue, getting cash and work It's been a long time, long grind long mash Now it's long shine, long pine long cash Tapping ash, out the Cadillac window While I'm tapping ass, leaning back smoking some endo Ain't no need to pretend hoe, you know what the real You know who the truth, when they in the booth you know who the trill So fuck how you feel, we make you pay by the pound Recognize when you fucking around, with that underground [Hook] [Pimp C] It was 1984, I heard Run rapping bout Larry Laugh Caddy, wanting to break a bitch cot 22 years later, and the block belong to me Underground King for life, young Pimp C Put my first record out, at the age of 16 Rapping bout moving work, candy painted symphony We was the first niggaz, talking bout wood wheel Made up the word, that's why I'm so trill Now everybody, wanna bite my swagger Roll like a stone, like my name Mick Jagger Say it befo', had to tell you hoes again Run a drum machine like my name Roger Linn Write the rhyme do the beat, the hook and the mix Records don't sell, I'm back to selling bricks I went gold, but never sold my soul to bang And bitch I'll hit you with that thang, I'm a Underground King [Hook] [Bun B] Cross the line, nigga push my button  And you gon die in the very spot, that you thought you wasn't And you gon look in the eyes, of the man you thought you were better than T-R-I double L, that's with capital letters man The Pimp and the Bun, Bobby U.N. and J.R. Big Dick Cheney, and Tony Snow you know who they are We the best than the rest, getting head for the showers Fucking cowards get out the way, cause the rap game's our's [Pimp C] Y'all niggaz, better reco' That you ain't gotta like me, but you gon respect me hoe 17 years, I been rapping with that Bun Fuck the fame want the change, it's been fun The up's and the down's, the crying and the smiling Fuck what you heard, UGK is a island Away from you niggaz, but we still solid land Sharks swimming in the water, put your nuts in the sand pussy nigga [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ DJ B-Do, Young T.O.E. Album: Underground Kingz Song: Grind Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*samples and ad libs for for 22 seconds*} [Young T.O.E.] T.O.E. - hol' up! Say my name in my city when you talk about cash I'm stackin chips, grindin hard, nigga showin my ass Nigga the game on smash (smash) streets on lock (lock) Other niggaz block roll but my block never stop (stop) Don't you know I'm pushin rocks, stashin cash in your socks Young TOE and Pimp C, candy red drop top My hoes yeah they hot so I'm steppin out clean Got a MEAN grind game, Underground like the Kingz Blowin purp' and sippin lean, but still buzzin off water Don't fuck with me, I'm T.O.E., ain't nobody shit harder I'm droppin numbers in the pot, the same age as my father And when they hit that, the kick back, freeze up like water P.A. 1-5 nigga, like to stay high nigga Hoes call me first class, cause I stay fly nigga I'm known to skate by nigga, but the snake hittin licks Keep a brick full of shit that get filthy right quick bitch! [Pimp C] Grind hard {*repeat 8X*} [Pimp C] UGHHHHHH~! Me and Young TOE in a drop top 'llac It's cold outside, so the top and hood back Hit the town again when the skunk come through The Swisher Sweet brown, but the inside blue Bet'chu never seen blue 'dro befo' It come from Hawaii, bitch niggaz don't wanna try me I'm the MVP of that P.A.T. You say he lookin for me, I don't see nobody chasin me Roll my own shit, I don't need no niggaz lacin me Guerillas in my trunk, ain't no nigga outbass'n me Cocaine lady, I don't fuck her no mo' (no mo') The bitch pussy good but she a sheisty-ass hoe She fuckin up my hood, she won't let my people go (go) They comin up fast, but all the fiends die slow (slow) I ain't Jesse Jackson, I'm just watchin the reaction bro I keep pushin cause grindin hard the only life I know [Pimp C] Grind hard {*repeat 8X*} [DJ B-Do] If ain't 'bout bread, then it's dead I count money all day 'til my fingers turn red (red) Fuck a rubber band, a nigga need a buncha ropes Custom trill niggaz from Port Arthur sell a buncha dope Game got good, so a nigga eatin steaks Pimpin on drank, blowin purp', chillin on a lake Get it straight mayne, I'm sittin on old cash Ball in the club 20 deep just to throw cash If you lie doe, I got somethin for them jackers A mean 17 they hit hard like linebackers Boys talkin down I put it all in they face Cause I set up shop and bop to 48 states So when you see them Texas plates, you know it's goin down B-Do in a city near you, straight out that po'-nine And I'ma hold it down, I bar none and fade all 25/8, 366, no days off [Outro - chopped up] "Sellin weight, get it straight, fuck the 20's and 10's" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Middlefingaz, Slim Thug, Vicious Album: Underground Kingz Song: Take Tha Hood Back Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun B. – Intro] Yeah nigga, the hood is FUCKED up right now You niggaz got shit all crossed-up, niggaz got the game real twisted right now You niggaz is really hustlin wrong, you niggaz got your grind wrong, manye I gotta watch you hoe-ass niggaz  It's time for the teacher to sit back in the front of the class, nigga Right over the blackboard and teach you hoe-ass niggaz the rules, nigga Cause ain't nobody showing you niggaz, how to get money the right way  if you gon get money, bitch, cuase you gon fuck E'RYBODY money up on the real! [Bun B.] Now all my hustlers, grinders and ballers - open up your mind A lot of niggaz hustlin backwards, need to press rewind There's some niggaz playin dirty pool, bad Cali banditss They crossin up the Trill and man ya boy just cain't stand it Motherfuckers need to be repremanded and straight jacked These boys is givin the wrong niggaz out here respect Break ya neck to fuck wit a nigga that compromise ya hood Ya doin shit you know it cool until the good got kids movin work, hustlin by the school Using youngsters, they hits states, this whole shit on the cool Matter fact, fuck the cool! You niggz need to hear me Breakin bread with certified snitches, don't come near me (don't come near me)  You niggaz givin these canaries all these passes Fuck gettin dough wit a snitch - get in they asses! I'm teachin classes, Dope Slangin 101 These hoe-ass niggaz don't want, none of Bun - I'm takin the hood back [Chorus: Slim Thug] Niggaz gettin knocked goin fed and six months ya back? Off with his head, we takin the hood back Damn! I coulda swore they gave ya ass ten flat Now you're home, somethin wrong - we takin the hood back You liar, aight? But he ain't got it like that.. HELL NAW! We takin the hood back We in the club like it's good, and in the hood and you a rat Click-clack motherfucker! We takin the hood back [Middlefingaz member #1] I'm a G, hell yeah! I don't bull Got ya bitch lookin mad while them Fingaz so full I drank hard while you niggaz drank Bull But the boy like Diddy fed, +Band+ got pulled And I was taught to hold my own  Picture spider lock ya down, brother burna zone, nigga Hell yea, I'm bout dat, shirt slacks all black  Come through sunny side and leave yo house flat [Middlefingaz member #2] Yeah I grind for the paper, fuck small towns, go major Fuck a cell phone, goin pagers It's young low Frazier, shoot good with no lasers and every shot hit {*gunshot*} I don't throw no grazer Some killa talk nigga, and real talk nigga Middlefingaz' a ridah, whoever killed off nigga And I put that on Pat, Screw, and Steve Young low bitch, I clap you and leave, hoe We takin the hood back [Vicious] A thousand-eight grams, enough to get yo ass right Ya smart wit it, get caught wit it, enough to get yo ass life From out here in these trenches ain't no FUCKIN love or second chance Small-time offender, lose yo ass, you get enhanced Speak not, keep yo mouth shut, investigate the whole place Make 'em think it's cool, follow that nigga round the whole day The game ain't the same at all changed for the worst.. Nigga got the less time cause he came wit it first See I disperse to dope the most convicted felons - strictly G's No more Glock shit - rock shit, strictly keys I gets my paper, I was taught by older niggaz  Cold blooded killas, dope dealers, Sodom niggaz  I'm alert (alert), I'm aware (aware), I'm focused, I'm on top of shit I show you how to stop that bitch, get ig'nant wit this choppa bitch Tomorrow ain't promised - snitch today, die tonight We know your spot, me and my niggaz gon ride tonight! [Pimp C.] I'm takin back the streets, thang on the C.. On parole but I'm cold wit the heat Candy coated rock baller (ugh!), twenty-chop crawler (ugh!) Bitches tryna steal my dick, I ain't bout to call her (ugh!) Theres a lot of niggaz rappin, playin games I don't see none of the shit that you name Where the car at? (uh!) Where the bread at? (uh!) Where the girl you say that got that "five head" at? (uh!) Where the rocks at? (uh) Where the glocks at? (uh) In yo mind and on the mic - the only place it's at! That's my lifestyle you rappin bout I'm havin everything you pussy niggaz yappin 'bout When you see some cocaine  you say you got it nigga, bring me ten thaaaaaaangs He gotta call his connect and shit And he ain't got you co-na-vict - nigga I'm takin my hood back! [Chorus til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Willie D, Charlie Wilson Album: Underground Kingz Song: Quit Hatin' the South Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Pimp C] Uh! It's really goin down in the South bitch! Yeah nigga! We know hip-hop and rap and all that shit started in the  muthafuckin East Knalmsayin? Then it went to the West coast and they did it a little bit better Knalmsayin? But now it's our time to shine down here NIGGA! Knalmsayin? So since y'all niggaz keep sayin we ain't real hip-hop down here We don't wanna be down with you bitch ass niggaz! So y'all stay up there with that BULLshit! This country rap tunes down here nigga! Young Pimp! Young Bun! Underground Kingz! All the O.G.'s that's recognizing the real, I got love for y'all But all you bitch ass niggaz talkin down in ya records, you can eat a DICK! Hold up! [Charlie Wilson] + (Pimp C) Pushin cocaine, serving pounds of weed (pounds of weed pussy nigga) Steady stayin on the grind (steady grinding, stay in the studio nigga) Pussy nigga can't say he ain't hating me (I know you hating me bitch.. hold up) Because if you did, then you wouldn't be lying (hold up) But how in the hell am I supposed to respect the man? (if it ain't respected, it ain't respected) That talk down on every song (I hear you talkin down nigga!) You steady actin like a bitch, you steady cryin your eyes out (stop crying bitch!) Say my name pussy nigga, we can get the shit on.. on.. Ooooooooh yeah! (Knalmtalkinbout?) [Chorus: Charlie Wilson] Quit hatin the South... (baby) We gettin paper in the South... (gettin money) Quit hatin the South... (baby) Quit hatin the South... [Bun B] Well it's been a long time my nigga, I shouldn't have left you (I shouldn't have left) When I some real trill shit to go left to Gotta lot of respect fool (yeah), for the ones before me But when my time came they act like they ain't know me I've been down with rap music since Cold Crush and Melle (Melle) Before MTV put Run-D.M.C. on the tele (tele) Back when Whodini tried to tell ya about ya friends Nigga I was giving rap all my time and my ends Bought damn near every record the muthafucka dropped West coast gangsta music, East coast hip-hop Now it's our time to shine and the tables is turned Them muthafuckas aggravated 'cause we gettin some burn "There's no room for everybody, just a few niggaz is swole" (why is that?) Proabably 'cause they favorite rappers ain't in control But just let go of the past 'cause it's hurtin your hands And pass it over to the next generation of fans And quit hatin the South [Willie D] I'm blastin off on you hoes like NASA You double standards and hypocrisy, remind me of Massa We ain't good enough to eat at ya table but when ya dick get hard You wanna run up with the ? I from the get.. coke but I'm still clockin figures Bitch.. hoe.. cocksuckin nigga And that goes for all you visitors too If you don't like it down here, get the fuck on fool! They say you can't rap and they questioning our intellect Friendly ass niggaz jumpin bad on the internet Ain't nobody typing that much, can't be a danger Catch you in person, bitch I'll break yo' fingers! It's some trash in the South but I promise you From the East to the West, some of y'all garbage too As long as the beat knock and the lyrics hot, son I can give a rat's ass where a rapper is from I remember N.W.A. and PE Had me feelin like a rapper was the thing to be You can't fuck with Willie D, UGK either Disrepsecting the code, ? muthafuckas neither [Chorus: 1/2] [Pimp C] To all the radio, T.V., and even the presses Been hatin on the Sizz-outh like we ain't ready Y'all think we came in the place, say man we came in the state Y'all shoulda listened to Andre, bitch we got somethin to say And all you washed up rappers, you ain't what it's about I see y'all tryna rap like us and puttin grills in ya mouth Y'all buy the beat, buy the beat, like y'all bouncin and twerkn  But hoe we know what's goin on and bitch that bullshit ain't workin I'ma O.G. Rock Balll, write my name up on the wall Fuck yo' bitch and hit the switch and put my dick up in her jaw (I'm Sweet) Jones, fucked a clone, legend on the microphone Player's choice, silver Royce, keep yo' bitch's pussy moist I bump that Screw, that's how I do, sippin drank, each teen night In Benz, big blue lens, knock this bitch and fuck with her friend Candy cart, squeeze 'em out, bought the ranch man fuck the house And y'all still gotta buy y'al dope from us so what the fuck you bitch  niggaz talkin 'bout? {*echoes*} [Outro: Pimp C] All you ole sensitive ass niggaz! Knalmtalkinbout? Y'all niggaz on y'all period up there BITCH! Knalmtalkinbout? Y'all hide behind them e-mail addresses sending that bullshit through the air! Bitch! Say my name bitch, I'ma come to ya house! Fuck how you feel, country rap tunes NIGGA! They put all y'all records on one side of the store And put all the country rap music on the other side of the store And see who sell out first... bitch ass nigga! It's ya own fault ya shit ain't sellin! You reap what you sew! Fuck you in ya pussy! Keep talkin that shit, them young gladiators go come get you too patna! Already, UGK for life, fuck how you feel about it bitch! Young Pimp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Heaven Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pimp C] I wonder if it's a heaven up there for real G's For all the niggaz in the game that be sellin cheese I wonder if it's a heaven up there for real G's For all the niggaz in the game, in the game - uhh~! [Pimp C] I wonder if it's a heaven for all the drug dealers For all the hot boys, strippers and the thug niggaz Uhh - my wife you can say a nigga drank too She ain't bad, she what you doin what the paper do I wonder if they got a spot for all the Tupacs Dawgs in pens and the boys with the weed spots I keep a pistol on me cause these niggaz got 'em too Run up on me nigga I'm gon' do what I gotta do (If lovin Screw is wrong, I don't wanna be right) Sippin art and smokin Lite Brite The preacher talkin 'bout us in the pulpit Behind closed doors he be on some day shit I'm out here in the streets this ain't no place to play bitch Show some weakness come up better catch a case bitch I wanna change, but this the wrong time I wanna stop, but these niggaz is harder now [Chorus] - 2X [Bun B] Late at night, when I'm layin off in the bed Countin bread, some crazy shit be goin through my head I be wonderin 'bout this life that I live (that I live) Aiyyo God got some better shit he can give (he can give) I wonder if it's a better place for the innocent kids In the ghetto they gotta suffer for shit that they ain't did By no fault of they own, goin through struggles and strife Havin to deal with a fucked up life (that's cold) I know they thinkin nobody knows, or nobody cares Why can't nobody see the shit, when everybody stares Man we losin the children, we losin the youth Cause you motherfuckers won't tell 'em the truth So they runnin 'round unprepared, and uninformed It's understood that's why the hood is dumpin on 'em We gotta show 'em it's a better way (F'REAL) at any cost Cause they the future if we don't save 'em then we already lost mayne [Chorus] - 2X [Pimp C] I wonder if I'm gon' ever see Screw again One foot in the street, got one foot in the pen [Bun B] Got me wonderin if it's a heaven for them d-boys Cause if it is then I better get on my knees boy [Pimp C] I got cheese boy, I'm sellin niggaz sneeze boy I'm playin in the candy torture rim with TV's like my Roy [Bun B] I'm wonderin if it's a heaven for MC's Like the Freaky Tah's, the Big L's and B.I.G.'s [Pimp C] I wonder if they got a heaven for the convicts Niggaz doin life, I saw old men in that bitch [Bun B] I wish today that the Lord take me away I'd get to see my old man and I wonder what he would say [Pimp C] I feel that, I miss Munroe too If I could bring him back I'd give up all this shit fool [Bun B] But on the cool you know what else I hope is true They got a heaven for me and got a heaven for you, too [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Z-Ro Album: Underground Kingz Song: Trill Niggaz Don't Die Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) I pack that nine everytime, and I ain't trying dying Pussy nigga, I pack that nine everytime and I ain't trying dying [Hook - 4x] I just wanna celebrate Cause trill niggaz don't die [Pimp C] Pussy nigga, thinking you gon kill me I got some'ing for your ass, nigga you gon feel me I'ma blow you out the water, with the 2-23 Putting dick up in your daughter, rap is over I serve some cheese Nigga talking bout, robbing Chad Run up on me with that first, will leave you stinking in the grass If you Catholic go to mass, if you Baptist go to church See a hoe up in a nigga, gon pull up a skirt That'll be, some incredible shit Niggaz scheming on my bezel, on some devilish shit I been to hell and back, on another level you bitch Go on try it I'm going live, they gon need a shovel for you bitch [Hook - 4x] [Z-Ro] I been stabbed I been shot, went from no fans to being hot But somehow always fall short, for trying to keep fiddles in my pot In a dog eat dog world, y'all fellas be chasing girls When I place myself in history, too hot for a ladder to catch me But I can't help but to notice, I'm one of the coldest And I know y'all haters love when I'm locked up, but I won't lose focus Yeah I wrote this counting down, how many days I got So lately my gun ain't been hid, it's been displayed a lot My attitude is fucked up, I don't give a fuck cause I just don't give one Thinking bout living a life where everything you do right is wrong, mo'fucker I live one I know niggaz wanna kill me, but I'm still riding pride Cause the Lord riding with me, and that's the main reason why [Hook - 4x] [Pimp C] Some niggaz win, and some niggaz lose Some niggaz getting bruised, some always crying to blues Some niggaz already lost, and ain't gon lose no mo' Big shoes hoe choose, ain't paying dues no mo' Everything y'all trying to do, I built a school hoe Now it's fly to talk country, I made the rules hoe I was sagging in my khaki's, 'fore Dickies cool Gangsta Nike's on my feet, our music banging in the streets The young B.G.'s, really love to thump Fuck radio and BET, I'm out here bumping in the trunk For the girls popping pussy, and the boys with the blow Cadillac'ers and flat-backers, I'm out here repping for it hoe [Hook - 4x] [Bun B] Can't any man, boy or woman take away my soul It's a gift given from God, and I'm keeping a tight hold The world is ugly and cold, trying to make me the same But I'ma keep it one hundred, when it come to the game Tame attitude, they get the wolves to grouping up They laying boys down, they future they scooping up We keep it click tight, so when niggaz start lurking In the dark heaters start, anybody start jerking Put my work in on the reg', the powder in the keg A dragging society, don't borrow don't beg For tomorrow so gon 'head with your pity, I'ma be cool Kindergardeners was looking up to me, in pre-school Down with Pimp C fool, and P-A-T the town Representing it to the fullest, till I'm gone I hold it down Bun Beater, would never sell you no lie So if you ask for the truth, I'ma reply to trill niggaz don't die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Charlie Wilson Album: Underground Kingz Song: How Long Can it Last Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Pimp C - as Charlie Wilson harmonizes] Dear Lord, I know You don't condone the things I be doin out here in these streets (Help me, Lord) And I hope that, I pray that You can overlook (Help me, Lord) the wrong that I had done in my life... I don't know no other way to survive out here (Wrap your arms around me, Lord) I got a whole bunch of people dependin on me... Just walk with me... Walk with me... Busslin and gamblin, hit licks scramblin Bricks I'm out here handlin, I'm pimpin and I'm payin the rent Didn't choose this dirty game, this dirty game it chose me Every city love cocaine, they'll get it from him if they don't get it from me So I get cross-country wit that thang, makin that crisp, lettin 'em hang Bangin that 'Pac, if I die tonight, least mama know I didn't die in vain Cause I put up sum from every sale, so all my chil'ren can live well Might go to heaven, might go to hell, but just put me in wood grain lane Deville I wonder sometime how life would be, if it was no such thing as D But then I put that Sweet down, cause that bullshit don't apply to me Cause out here on the real streets, a dreamer always stay sleep Cause out here the strong survive, and now they didn't die from thankin weak Gotta play for keeps, gotta play it HARD, still tryna get right with GOD Still read my Bible lone, cause Reverend do wrong, still livin fraud Tonight if I get down on my knees and ask the Lord to forgive me, please You thank He gon' hear me? Cause tomorrow I'm still gon be slangin keyyyyys... (Ohhhh Lorrrrd...) [Chorus - Charlie Wilson] Lord, I'm just a G (Lord, I'm just a G) Out here livin fast (livin fast) How long can it last? (I don't know, I don't know) I juuuust can't give it up (But I'm prayin to Your love right now) I'm riskin all out in the streets (I'll give it all up for Your love right now) Out here livin fast (livin too fast) How long can it last? (How long, how long, how long, will it last, baby?) [Bun B] See I was born in the ghetto manye I was raised in the hood and unless you lived it yourself, it just can't be understood People think hustlin is cool (cool), all hustlin is live They don't understand hustlers only hustlin to survive They wished they lived in the 'burbs ('burbs), wished they didn't have to hang (hang) out on corners in low-income house in projects and slang They wish their daddy was home (home), mama wasn't on drugs (drugs) And they didn't have to grow up to be dealers and thugs (thugs) Po' children got aspirations and dreams just like the wealthy (wealthy) But it's hard when that environment you live in ain't healthy (healthy) You ain't givin no hope (hope), nobody showin you pride (pride) And you live with all this anger and frustration inside (side) Dog, don't let nobody tell you what you can or you cain't do Just cause they funky ass couldn't do it - (Why?) They ain't you You can be who you wanna be (uh), live life how you feel Just put your faith in the Lord (yep), now that's keepin it Trill, fo' real! (Ohhhh Lorrrrd...) [Chorus - Charlie Wilson] Lord, I'm just a G (Just a G) Out here livin fast (Out here livin fast) How long can it last? (How long can it last? How long can it LA-AST?) I juuuust can't give it up  I'm riskin all out in the streets (I risk it all) Out here livin fast (livin too fast, livin too fast) How long can it last? (How long can it last, how long can it last right now??) [Pimp C] UHHHHH! I wonder if it's a heaven up there for real G's For all the niggaz in the game that's been slangin cheese For all them boys on them swangers and the fifth wheel I'm out here riskin my life, niggaz shife but I stay Trill I pray so much, I wonder if the Lord love me I think He do, but I’m so caught up in my thug deep The feds bug me, followin me around for three Niggaz couldn’t catch me so they hit me wit conspiracy (Uh) You know that that’s the other level of the GAME Ain’t got shit on me but some niggaz said my NAAAAAME.. So here they COOOME, they thang TIIIIIIGHT They playin shife, no Bun givin me life (Uhh!) I ain’t goin back, I’ma make ‘em kill me (Uhh!) I'ma bust back, fuck the pen, you FEEL ME? Wish I can hug my momma and kiss my baby girl I know it’s a better place than livin in this dirty WOOOORLD (Lorrrrd...) [Chorus - Charlie Wilson] Lord, I'm just a G (Lord I’m just a G) Out here livin fast (Out here livin fast) How long can it last? (How long can it last? How long can it last?) I juuuust can't give it up (HOW LONG can it last?) I'm riskin all out in the streets (PLEASE FORGIVE ME, LORD) Out here livin fast (I don’t mean to disrespect You right now) How long can it last? (I’m out here in the streets, tryna make a mil for a better deal) [Singing interlude – repeat] Some people win (win), some people lose (lose)  Some al-ways cryin the blues.. Yeah.. Some people win (win), some people lose (lose) Some al-ways bein misused.. [Chorus – repeats many times during the remainder of the song] [Charlie Wilson overlaps] Yeeaaaaaaaahhhh-yeaaha.. What am I supposed to do, Lord?... I'm tryin my best out here But it’s getting kinda HARD for me, Lord What am I supposed to do?? WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?? Can you WRAP YOUR ARMS AROUND ME, LORD? Cause I need You, Lord right noooooowww.. I NEED You, right now NEED ya, I NEED ya, I NEED Ya I NEED YA, cause I’m goin and livin too fast YEAH-EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHH.. Oooooohhhhhhhhh, yeah...Lord have mercy Charlie Wilson, Pimp C, Bun, I need You Can You help us, Lord? Can You help us right Right now, right now, right now, right noooowwwwwwwwww, yeah..woo! [Charlie Wilson – Outro] Out here livin too fast, how long can it last?I can't get up, Lord can You help me? LORD, can You help me? Can You help me? Can You HELP me Right noooooowwwww, yeah mmmmmmmm...mmmmmm.. Hmmmmmmmmmmm..hmmmmmmmm.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Scarface Album: Underground Kingz Song: Still Ridin' Dirty Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun B] Look me in my eyes playa, tell me what you see If you man enough to face it, a muthafuckin G If you man enough to say it, the muthafuckin one One that none wanna play wit, muthafuckin Bun Many have come and most would go, yet he remains as most would know (most would know) Came in with less than the ones befo' him A Sweet full of 'dro, (and what?) a cup of Pro-M (huh!) Muthafuckas would act like they ain't know him His mentality was, "Fuck that, I'll show them" Made men mad or not, rich men getting scared Trill 'til I D-I-E, I didn't care Ridin on fo' bald tires wit no spare No nuts, no glory and I'm ready to go there And I cain't... [Chorus: Scarface] I cain't explain the way I feel When I'm behind the wheeeels.. (Still ridin dirty) Ohh....ohh....ohh..... ...I'm still ridin dirty "Peep this game here, nigga I'm not no pimp. I pimped fifteen years ago. Nigga, I got DEGREES in playa..and pimpin on niggaz hoes, err'y nigga get in my face, I'll play on 'em. You up, nigga?" [Pimp C] Look me in my eyes nigga, tell me how you feel When you see the Pimp, he shinin and grippin on the wheel When you see the boy, he grindin, ain't nothin here for free It's the one ya love to hate, call him Young Pimp C (Pimp C) Niggaz done tried, I'll bust they side You can run up on my ride, I'ma look at your mind (look at your mind) on the concrete, cauliflower on the street Make ya jelly jump, ain't no need for this shit punk Muthafuckas be playin like they cain't get killed Fuck what ya representin, fuck how you feel Hoe niggaz eat a dick, blow you can get a brick Twelve by, pourin lye, Lamborghini wit the stick Ridin up, ten wit ten, rooks and a half-breed Tryna get to P.A. and the law just passed me And I cain't... "You in the WAY man on some real PLAYAS. Stompin on them lil' Navigators and carryin on man. Gettin trucks under the year and puttin spinners on it YA FAKIN!!! CHURCH!" [Bun B] I live off truth, you live off lies So when yo shit falls short, don't even be surprised at all You go opinions and I got facts So when yo shit don't add up, don't fix yo face to ask at all You do what you can, I do what I feel (do what I feel) And that there in ITSELF the definition of trill You live by the gun, you die by the slugs mayne You live off of fiends, you'll die behind drugs mayne Them mean mugs hides tears and pains And I cain't feel your frustration, so please refrain You ain't got nothin to gain, from playin around and I ain't got nothin to lose, in layin you down I made a promise to make it home for the kids and the wife (What that mean?) I didn't come to kill but I will leave with yo' life, and I cain't... [Pimp C] All I see is muthafuckin law gallow, hot the pen and then I swole Never be a stupid ass, I never hit the pen no mo' Them hoes gave me eight 'ak, nigga had ta pull half It almost killed my mama when the feds bought the drama The IRS say I owe 'em nine milli-on Took all the paper from my wife and my children Hold my mama shit, my grandmamma and daddy too Now tell me what the FUCK was I supposed to do? No money on my books but I got my game Had a young guard picture smother me in some cocaine in her pussy, I'm jackin off smellin plastic Slangin powder in the pen, shit drastic It's money in this bitch, I send it all home Locker full of food, big hygiene and a cell phone, BITCH Knalmtalkinbout? And I made it home muthafucka.. [Pimp C - Outro] All you funky-ass bitches out there.. Picture me rollin like 'Pac, BITCH Knalmtalkinbout? (Knalmtalkinbout?)Ridin' DIRTY (Ridin dirty) Original Ridin' Dirty, nigga! Hold up.. Nigga you know who made up this shit! "You fake these girls out, you take 'em around these hotels, understand me? Push that lil' bitty funky weed on 'em, ya dig what I mean? Scare 'em to death, and a REAL playa that got penthouses and homes and.. And and-and-and big D, DTS, Northstars and Benzes and stuff Ya understand me? You have the game so mixed up The broad don't even wanna do what she S'POSED to do, get some MONEY! You need to step off, take ya tennis shoes somewhere and your sweatsuits and ya Kobe Bryant outfit, and go JOIN the Lakers, square! Pussy free, prol'ly leave it out knowin that's the CHURCH (Teddy want some tittes) Three, fo' titties and you HEARD dat!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Jazze Pha Album: Underground Kingz Song: Stop-N-Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Jazze Pha] We be pullin up in the hot shit (ERRRRRT!) And that's cause we the star of the show (whoa) Now if you gettin money and got whips (ladies and gentlemen!) And pull up on your stop and go's (OOOH-WEE, show out) This (show out) is (show out) the (show out) way (show out) We (show out) stop (show out) and (oh boy) go (show out) Don't (show out) block (show out) my (show out) way (show out) We (show out) stop (show out) the (oh boy) show [Bun B] Please rise for the president of the South And all hail to the chief with them diamond teeth in his mouth Make way (way) Big Dick Chaney is 'bout to enter King committee's in session (session) but first on the agenda Bend the corner on them fo's, 'Llac turnin on them Vouges One time for the haters (haters) two times for the hoes I suppose it's only right for me to grip up on the cherry (cherry) Oak wood wheel while I'm drippin cranberry (berry) And very few have accomplished what we have achieved Without a rabbit out of a hat or a trick up the sleeve (trick up the sleeve) I got a steady hand (hand) and a steady flow (flow) So on your mark, get set (set) ready go (go) You already know [Pimp C] Swishers and dank and pourin up big drank (drank) Hundred thousand dollars in my grown set link (link) I got two on, that's two hundred You gon' go crazy nigga tryna count my money (money) I came from the bottom they hate me like I'm a Saddam (Saddam) 198 in a spur house in Nevada 'vada, 'vada; Vegas nigga (nigga) Got my paper pimpin through Cerwin Vegas nigga Let me show you how we keep the parkin lot on fire (on fire) Full kit, on my shit 26 inch tiiiiires! (tires) Yokohamas and the wheel still wood Keep a bad yellow bitch cause my dick feel good When you see us in the hood nigga [Jazze Pha] Ladies and gentlemen! Dope man, yay and the dro in the drought (whoa) Pull up in the spot with the brains blowed out (heyyyy!) Wheels cost a whip (whip) whip cost a house (house) UGK and Jazze Pha show up and show out (OOOOH-WEE!) She wanna chill with the crew Kick it in the crib on the hill with the view You know you wanna holla, what it is what it do She love me for my old school drops and my cool  cause my shit be the truth (whoa!) The wheels never pause (ohh!) Counter-clockwise when I +SKERRRRRRT+ on 'em all And when she fall through and see the plaques on the wall She'll probably call a couple friends, shit call 'em all Down come the drawers - oh boy! (OOOH-WEE!) [Chorus] w/ extra ad libs [numerous Jazze Pha ad libs to the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Rick Ross Album: Underground Kingz Song: Cocaine Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) (cocaine cocaine), I'd like to introduce you all to (cocaine cocaine) UGK, UGK bitch my man Bun B Pimp C in the house y'all, put your hands together Big Dick Cheney and Snowy Snow, (cocaine cocaine) [Pimp C] Uh the bitch, been good to me Been bad to my homies, keep it cool with me I played it by the rules, and the regulations I use to switch cars with the Mexican, at the gas station Mine had money in it, his had the work After the deal was done, I make my girl pussy squirt Cause after the deal, we would all celebrate Happy cause it wasn't no jacking, and the product was straight I never came, with the funny business That's why we steady playing in Jags, and Benzes Some niggaz, let the city eat em up I was just coming up, whipping my pyrex steady beating it up I'm a shark with the fork, microwave or pot I'ma hit it with the Sprite, and make that butter lock Everything was cool, I was ice cold Till I let that bitch, get up in my nose [Hook - 5x] Cocaine, cocaine [Bun B] They call it cocaine, coc-a-ina, yayo Coca leaf, whatever you wanna say bro Cocaine is a hell of a drug, it ain't hum-drum And we all know where it's at, but where it come from The mountains of Columbia, and Peru Extracted from the coca leaf, but see that shit ain't new It's been around for hundreds of years, exploited by the rich They even use to put it in Coca-Cola, ain't that a bitch You had kings, queens, princes and princesses Even priests and popes, fought to getting it in different instances A privileged possession, for dozens of centuries Helped a few wars, legal and illegal industries Grown by the cartels, protected by gorillas Transported by the best, to the ghettos to straight killers The power of the powder pimping, you don't understand Ask W man, he's a dealer and a fan of cocaine [Hook - 5x] [Rick Ross] You chilling on the corner, looking cooler than a mo'fucker Got a pocket full of hot, it's hotter than a mo'fucker Living in that condition, my Phantom in the front yard We them real dope boys, I ain't gotta front dog Big dope in the trunk, following my Map Quest Choppers in the white house, pistol on my lap yes I remember, when I first met that wonderful girl Club Rolex, she fathered my mother a pearl Spinning wild living foul, diamonds all in my dial Pimping style, but they yayo got me wearing linen now Getting paper, paper plates on convertables And my yayo to P-A, that work'll move Ricky Ross, only fuck with legends Pimp C, Bun B got the hustle perfected I could ship it to ya, or you could come and get it Just bring the cool million with ya, when you come and visit (Ross) [Hook - 9x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Dizzee Rascal, Pimpin' Ken Album: Underground Kingz Song: Two Type of Bitches Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Bun B] Well it's big Bun Beeda I built the track With girls with tens and the bitches back It ain't nowhere fans a bunch with these sluts Just shake your butts and bring back that stack (stack) The mack is back and he's sittin on chrome with a piece of chain or Herringbone or nugget (nugget) That don't mean him a real live hoe You ain't ready to roll then go on then, fuck it Out them ducats, hoes better recognize Niggaz better recollect, Bun finna regulate I hit yo' town (what) find me a hoe stroll Leave that bitch dry and head to another state (hold up) Me and my brother can't wait when it come to the red Cause we about that cash, cash So if we can't convince ya we'll take your sister Hit the highway and mash [Chorus: Bun B] You got, bitches that will and you got bitches that won't Man you got, bitches that do and you got bitches that don't Man you got, bitches that can and you got bitches that cain't You got bitches that know they are and bitches know that they ain't No down bitch [Pimp C] Some girls suck, some don't dare Some girls fuck, some don't care I like the girl with the pussy hair My partner Mike Mo like the pussy bare Some girls scream, some girls moan Swang Big Dick, swang Sweet Jones Go and get the myth out the cobra head Girl got down you niggaz scared I got a young yellow bitch, I'ma sing it loud With a four-inch corner of jet-mink hair Between her legs is where it great And get the money out the nigga when she go on a date I stay caked up, rocked up Magnum rubbers stay socked up I ain't tryin to get the wet dick Hold my good but she ain't that slick I know you want this high-dollar cum Bitch know I got money, wanna get her some Bitch you must, done lost your mind The trick's niggaz over there, you better get on the grind [Dizzee Rascal] Bitches not flexin ain't much good I should and I would keep clear if I could But when I do I just CAWN'T get away Cause I gotta fuck all day every day That leaves me run loco for real All these chickenheads lie about deal Ain't gotta do it up to make me chill Find a good spot on the floor and kneel! Know that my heart's in between my fires Though I can't take when they look in my eyes Lookin for love that's no surprise Cum in her mouth, that's family ties Then I hit it from the back, all the way Slap that back and just lock cross say Not freeze out without no delay Girls in the chat, I ain't got shit to say [LOOOONG Outro of Pimpin' Ken ad libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Raheem DeVaughn, Talib Kweli Album: Underground Kingz Song: Real Women Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Raheem DeVaughn] H-Town women (this is so soulful right now!) Chocolate women (this is so soulful right now!) New York, New York women (UGK, Raheem DeVaughn) A-Town women (Kweli) This is for Chi-Town women (my real women) My Midwest women! (my Midwest women) Down South women, the West Coast women All of my women, whoo! [Bun B] Now bein King of the Underground's a title I wear with pride Like my syrup and swisha can't leave without it when I ride Even though I'm the king of the city where I reside I wouldn't and couldn't do it without my woman on my side Sometimes I got it figured out, sometimes I'm confused I win 9 times out of 10 but now and then I might lose But no matter the road I choose and how the drama unfold A playa always got his better half right on his shoulders She gon' hold me down to the fullest, rainy or sunny She seen me ball out of control and dead broke with no money So when the game got funny, she ain't pack up and roll She help me get back on my feet now man that's way too cold If you got a down woman wit'chu keepin it true Don't try to hate, appreciate her for the things that she do This dedicated to the dedicated ladies that stand up If you keep it real wit your man, then put your hand up, c'mon [Chorus 2X: Bun B] + (Pimp C) This for the real women (the solid ladies and the pros) But the real women (that play the game like they suppose) They the real women (the Queens holdin down they Kings) They the real women (so go on girl do yo' thang) [Talib Kweli] (Uhh) I'm 'bout to spoil you, show you my gratitude I love the all of you, even your attitude Never gonna give you black-n-blues, that's abuse I'm not that dude Take it back to when I held yo' hand and my name became yo' back tattoo I love the fact that you don't need me to make you whole Doin it fast or takin it slow, you know when to let me take control And I apologize for puttin tears inside them eyes When I wasn't fair didn't compromise, put you in fear when I told them lies How I love to dive inside them thighs, I love your cockiness Ain't gonna ask if you roll in rap, you know this right it's obvious I'm an Underground King with a winner down Queen I'm fin' to let her know This ain't about bling, this ain't about cream, I never let her go We smokin love (smokin love) you know what's up (know what's up) This for the real women, that's you? Throw it up Cause your man's so focused you rub your lips lovin the bub cause I open you up You got my back whether broke or re-up in the crush limosine cause we rollin up [Pimp C – singing] Uhh, you was down from the get-go I put it down with them silly hoes Ridin tryin to get the dirty do' Didn't know what my life was gon' have in sto' 'Til my karma came And you was right there tryin to have my thangs When the chips all fell down You was the only one I had around Saved my life when I was 'bout to drown Girl you my queen, come and get your crown Now I keep you with the nice thangs VVS ice blings, 10-karat diamond rings If I ain't tell you with the biz Girl you my baby 'til the end And I'ma treat you like a king supposed Keep you ridin Rolls slammin matchin do's [Raheem DeVaughn] (Uhh) H-Town women Chocolate women New York, New York women A-Town women This is for Chi-Town women My Midwest women! Down South women, the West Coast women All of my women, whoo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Candy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bun B] Now my candy, is so fresh so clean I break them boys off when I pull up on the scene In my candy, with ten coats sprayed tight And that Northside royal blue is settin off the white On my candy, sho' ain't the average paint You go to Ike tryin to buy it he gon't tell ya ya cain't Have my candy, it's like a one-of-a-kind And you might have a painted slab but it ain't pretty as mine Cause my candy, worth mo' than money can buy Brought it to Funkmaster Flex and seen a grown man cry For my candy, sittin on nuttin but glass Stoppin traffic on the freeway, when I fly past In my candy, got no competition on the street You can win a Dub car show and still can't compete With my candy, cause it's the sweetest on the block And I'm trill, workin the wheel, that's why they all jockin My candy~! [Chorus - singer] Candy, painted, drop top, El Do', riiiide {*"Break the boys on the ave cause the slab's so tight"*} [Bun B] Now my candy, is sittin tall on them Vogues It's like an alarm clock, wakin up all the hoes My candy, is wetter than high tide And it's lookin like I just had a blizzard inside Of my candy, got mo' wood in it than a forest One look'll get you hooked like a motherfuckin chorus My candy, drips an unerasable stain It's real magic, not like that motherfucker David Blaine My candy, it got the woman on the front And a Ph.D in showin niggaz how to stunt My candy, it got the fifth up on the back And it'll swang through your hood like it don't know how to act My candy, the 8th wonder of the world Like floatin downstream when you're starin at the swirls My candy, ridin real trill, stayin true And it's a legend in H-Town like DJ Screw My candy [Chorus - singer] Just like candy, it's so sweet Fadin niggaz, on these streets People watch as I ride by In my candy, I'm gon' shine [Bun B] Now my candy, is so smooth, so laid And these boys can't comprehend how the paint got sprayed My candy, makin people stop drop and stare Pull out any car you want to but it won't compare To my candy, it's like a fo' wheel mirage That's too pretty to park, in a motherfuckin garage My candy, it's like a part of the fam' So lose my friends or my ends I wouldn't give a damn But my candy, is an extension of me So when you lookin at my car you lookin at Bun B It's my candy, player, throwed, fly And you can't fuck with it no matter how hard you try My candy, the other level of the game If you ask me again, bitch I'ma tell you the same It's my candy, yeah nigga mines not yearns Long as I got syrup to sip, and Swishers to burn In my candy {*"Break the boys on the ave cause the slab's so tight"*} - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Jazze Pha Album: Underground Kingz Song: Tell Me How Ya Feel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jazze Pha] LADIES AND GENTLEMEN~! Ladies and gentlemen! You are now tuned in to the very best (the very best) This, is a Jazze Phizzle, produc-shizzle U.G.K., Pimp C (Sweet Jones) Bun B~! [Chorus 2X: Pimp C] I'm out here grippin on the wood, sittin on the leather Keep the gold diggin bitches tryin to keep they shit together Swangin through yo' hoods, diamonds on the wheel When you see a pimp shinin bitch, tell me how you feel [Pimp C] I call my motherfuckin swangers on the slab, money on my mind (miiiind) Twenty-fo' seven I'm out here on the grind (grind) Wanna jack, that way to heaven, got somethin for ya spine (spine) Put ya on the shit bad if you really wanna try (try) I done been to hell and back, they call me T.B.C. (T.B.C.) Now everythang that I drive got at least five TV's (V's) Two in the sun visor, two in the headrest (rest) When jumpin out to dash, two hundred thousand on my chest (chest) Hangin 'round my neck (neck) blindin you niggaz (niggaz) I ain't cappin, I'm just tellin you what's hap'nin Some niggaz be winnin, and some be steady losin Touchin down, women they stayin, they steady chosin Tired of feelin bashed and mashed and want some cash You only live once, she fin' to cheat on her man (man) Cause I'ma stand up in her and sin her cause she a winner (winner) I'm Sweet Jones bitch and I'm pimpin, y'all some beginners [Bun B] Yeah, swangin on Vogues... Yeah, well I'm the son of the struggle, the Godchild of the grind (grind) The product of the product, and the cousin of crime So get that fuck up out your mind (mind) I'm born to this life (life) And my work is the only woman I'll ever make my wife So all you triflin-ass, stiflin-ass, mud-stuck, fuck boys Gettin bound to borin, you shit out of luck boys The Kingz is back in the buildin, just in the knick of time And we fin' to do it to it partner (WHAT~!) while you niggaz lyin Touchin us you niggaz dyin, kill you hoes, just for tryin Death befo' dishonor (dishonor) you never see me testifyin Standin on the stand, grab a workout in the yard Trill niggaz never fraud, you can put that on the Lord Goin hard, ask the hardest nigga you know in the street I'm the last nigga that, that nigga wanna meet Ain't no need to exaggerate, I just tell it like it is So get the fuck up out my way, Bun Beeda handlin biz On my sheeit [Bun B] Well if you had yo'self a pimp and you had yo'self a G And you put 'em both together ('gether) what the fuck would you see U.G.K. nigga, I'm fresher than a cashmere sweater (sweater) When it come to keepin it trill, nobody do it better Ain't no candy paint wetter (wetter) no 24's classier No leather seats softer (softer) no other brothers classier And you could never pass me up, so slow your roll mayne (okay) Recognize the real when Pimp and Bun in control mayne [Pimp C] UNGGGH~! I got a candy cup, sittin on buck Two-hundred thousand when I roll up Year ago, I was on lock Now I'm out here, droppin them tops 48 months, I was gone Barely got back, it's still on I know y'all hate to see the Pimp free All y'all all can eat a big D I see the Kingz winnin Thought it was over, it's the beginnin Underground we run the South Diss me I'ma bust your mouth I don't run I come to your house You gon' lose, nigga that's no doubt We can jump or pop it out I ain't Jeezy don't swap it out Knahmtalkinbout! ... [Chorus] - to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Shattered Dreams Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C - Intro] UHH... Dedicated to all the underdogs, knahmtalkinbout? Muthafuckas told me I wasn't gon be shit.. Told me I was gon be able to do this rap shit.. Knahmtalkinbout? My own family talked down on me, knahmsayin? You cain't let no bitch shatter yo' dreams... (My uncle told me I wasn't gon be shit) It might not be all bad as it first seems... (I used to walk around with a bag full of rappers) You might not have all the things you need, yeah-heh...  (Motherfucker told me, a nigga from Texas couldn't make no record) But all you got to do is believe... I got to get my money-hey, yeah-eah..... (Then after I made the record, muh'fuckers said they would never give us no respect) I got to get my money-hey, yeah-eah... (But now they tryna rap like us) You got to get yo' money-hey, yeah-eah... (Tryna be like us, tryna smell like us) (Knahmtalkinbout?) I got to get my money-hey, yeah-eah... - you got to get yo' money… (Check this out) [Pimp C] Man I refuse to let the bitches take away my pride Them hoes can lock my body up, but they cain't lock my mind See I'm a young street flame, I got them fire eyes I mean that Eyes of Fire, the Tiger, the Black Pride I call some women bitches and I call some women whores A bitch a dirty boar, a hoe open up the pussy store Now what's the difference between the two? Man, I just told you that But that don't mean that every woman I know is down with that If you a bitch and wanna switch, it ain't too late to change It's all about how you carry yo'self and how you handle thangs Some say that hoes and pimps is born, I don't believe that shit Cause anytime you wanna stop, it ain't too late to quit Just cause you sold your body don't mean you a hoe for life I got to speak it right for all the one that paid the price But if ya in it to win it, go head and live the life But baby, if you ain't in it, you still can do it right  (right...right..) You cain't let no bitch shatter yo' dreams... (hmm...) It might not be all bad as it first seems... (hmm...) You might not have all the things you need, yeah-heh...  But all you got to do is believe... I got to get my money-hey, yeah-eah... I got to get my money-hey, oh-ho...  You got to get yo' money-hey, yeah-eah...  I got to get my money-hey, yeah-eah... - you got to get yo' money... [Pimp C] To all the babies havin babies on ya' own  I know you feelin fucked up and feelin all alone I know ya people tellin you, "Ya fucked up your life" Ya only fucked up if you lay down and don't continue to fight - uh! And to the young nigga out there tryna sell dope I know ya family fucked up and it's your last rope In your heart, I know ya cold with this rhyme shit But ain't nuttin hap'nin but this twenty and this dime shit And you the daddy wit lil' mama that's bout to have the baby You wanna own ya team but niggaz tellin you, "Ya crazy" "What you thankin? You too young to have a family" But all the moves ya makin, look like you a man to me! When you get caught up man them niggaz ain't gon ride witchu But get down wit that girl and she gon keep it live witchu But she gon help ya put your money up and save somethin Cause right now ya run it, th'ew it back and you ain't made nuttin It's time to change sumthin.. [Pimp C] If you a ballplayer, man go 'head and play ball Don't let nobody steal your dream if you ain't came to fall I know they say, "It ain't enough room in the NBA" You tell them haters, "Save that bullshit for another day" If you a sanger, lil' mama go 'head and sang ya song Them hoes say, "You ain't gon make it", the funky bitch is wrong You ain't got to get butt-naked on stage in a thong Just sang your records to show the people you got it goin on I see a whole lotta motherfuckers come and go I know young niggas sold they soul for the dirty dough They want a rapper, I understand go 'head and chase ya dream But chase to hog it up, the lawyer end up like a fiend Some people gay, what can I say? The only judge is God But don't be shame and try to hide cause then you livin fraud Cause everythang done in the dark, gon' come to the light So do yo' thang, cause cain't no man tell you what's wrong or right Right, right, right, right... So do yo' thang, cause cain't no man tell you what's wrong or right ...(Uh!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Like That Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Pimp C] Like that, like that Bitch you know you like that, bitch you know I like that Like that, know you like that Bitch you know you like that Uhhh! Bitch gon' get down on the flo' You ain't gettin paper what you twerkin it fo'? All I see is a bunch of ones Need to leave with a pimp, time to have some fun All these niggaz is really lame Just talkin to a nigga cause you like the game Later on you gon' bite, that Bitch you know you like, that [Chorus One 2X: Pimp C] Bitch you know you like, that Bitch you know I like, that Bitch you know I like, that Bitch you know you like, that [Bun B] Well it's Big Dick Cheney and Tony Snow We go Mighty Joe Young upside a hoe head And fuck her emotions, I want the whole bread I ain't payin attention to what the hoe said That hoe can go 'head, if she ain't feelin it She ain't goin nowhere, she love how I'm drillin it I throw it up on her she throw it right, back Yeah bitch you know I like, that [Chorus Two 4X: Bun B] Bitch you know I like, that Bitch you know you like, that [Pimp C] Bitch I see you lookin at the chain Can't take your eyes off the big ass rang Bitch I'm standin on the top Like Rick in the 10th, young bitch I'm a pimp And you like everything I stand fo' Bitch don't use no hands, hoe! All jaws, pull it back Bitch you know I like that [Chorus Three: Pimp C] Bitch you know you like that, bitch you know you like that Bitch you know I like that, bitch you know I like that Bitch you know you like that, bitch you know you like that Bitch you know I like that, bitch you know you like that [Bun B] Let me do what I wanna do let me do what I feel C'mon ride sidesaddle with the king of the trill All this damn conversatin ain't worth the breath Just lean to the right while I work the left Vice verse and reverse then it's upsy-daisy Damn this pussy drives me fuckin crazy I'm fiendin to hit it baby like, crack Cause bitch you know I like, that! [Chorus Two] [Outro: Pimp C] Bitch you know I like, that Bitch you know you like, that That, that, bitch you know you like that That, that, y'knowmtalkinbout mayne? Hold up, bitch you know you like that Ah-ha ha ha ha, is you a crazy muh'fucker mayne You crazy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Big Daddy Kane and Kool G. Rap Album: Underground Kingz Song: Next Up Typed by: gemini_20502k@yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Marley Marl] Gawd-DAYUM! I don't know what y'all been thinkin bout But I think this right here is about to shut dem damn haters down!! [Big Daddy Kane] I'm from the streets that make niggaz walk slow talk low wit white chalk-o, mi casa be siete uno ocho Brooklyn motherfucker, handle this - pardon my Spanish and French (Brooklyn baby!!!) Okay, I stay clever like Mayweather with lay leather 'til your face sever, one of the greatest ever Beyond ringing bells, my name's so demanding Shit! - I got the swagger that'll leave Dakota +Fanning+ (That boy still standing!!) I hope you niggaz over standing; I stay sucker-free The next kaing of in the game, you ain't got enough to be Your career last a week, that'll be luckily Fuck wit me, the rap game'll need protective custody (AHH!) I'm the same thug to be, surrounded with women Gave the game +True Religion+ before you found it in denim Feel the, "Wrath of Kane," and you could not escape The hip-hop version of "The Ring" and you just watched the tape (Next up!!) [Bun B.] And keep your eyes on the niggas in Ward Triple black in the candy painted car is the color of board Me or my brother on pall wit n'am nigga We Trill workin the wheel, understand nigga? (UNDERSTAND??) I smother and split a bitch down to the tendon High pressure, if you don't break your ass bendin I'm way past endin in my series of warnin You flex with me tonight playa you dead by the mornin (Woo!) Bun Beater the best ever breathin or deceased From the South to Midwest, Cali to the East Got to any city nigga and bring my name up (all o'em!) I bet I eat the best rapper they got in the game up Call a nigga up, email him or chirp him Make a meal out his motherfuckin ass and then burp him (DAYUM!) Don't fuck around I'm not your lil' homey I'm the king of the underground so act like you know me (Next up!!) [Kool G. Rap] Feel me... Homie, we big steppin, big reppin We givin kids Smith & Wesson's lessons, you get left with a sketchin Left with the Midwest, clique Texans (who dat?) G. and Daddy Kane, the click Texas, (word) pop you to death I put private planes on swift Jetsons, niggaz know what it is when you see the ball cap and a slick Thessons (woo!) (Aight) Til you strip vexing to a movie clip from the Westerns Shit from the Uzi clip lift up your midsection (Tell em G. Rap) He will introduce you to the nose on the Glock fam Give you metal jackets like clothes from a rock band (rock band!) Multiple holes, you get those on your top, man (AOOOW!) High roller dose some hoes on the cock plan Froze but never coldly rolls with a hot hand We stackin cheese til the rubberbands pop scrams And I ain't breakdancin when I'm in the pop stance Bank pounds like James Brown give 'em +Hot Pants+ (Next up!!) [Pimp C] I make your gurl get down and open it up Put my dick up in they jaws and go in they butt I'm a young hot street flame (Flame) They call me Sweet James, or call me Sir Jones Two hundred dollar cologne  (Uh!) Board Nine, or Issey Miyaki I got your gurl mine, meat strong like saki I ain't Rocky but I keep her rockin Fuck around I'll knock your tuna fish out of socket Your bitch out of pocket, she under pimpery She reckless eyeballin watchin my top fall in on my Lambourghini with the quick scream Fettucini, linguini, shrimp and a bowl of lean! What you know about gettin cross country Nigga your piece big but your diamond look monkey You need to take that shit back That ain't no emmy diamonds what the fuck you done to that.......... Bitch what the fuck you done to that?! [Outro: Marley Marl] Now, damn somebody need to beat Jacob's ass over that!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Underground Kingz Song: Living This Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pimp C singing] Lord it's so hard, living this life A constant struggle each and every day Some wonder why, I'd rather die Than to continue living this wayyy [Pimp C] Ughhhh, I don't wanna do this no mo' (no mo') But dis the only thang that I know I keep a pistol in my back, and a gauge on the flo' (flo') The laws and the jackers wanna kick in my do' (do') I'm a d-boy, didn't graduate But I, got Ph.D from pen/Penn State And I, got a Master's Degree in movin weight And my, people dependin on me but they gon' be straight UHH - I wanna go to service But I ain't been in so long, kinda make me feel nervous (nervous) Cause they be lookin at me funny Watchin the plate when I tithe, put in my money (money) I don't wanna go back to that hell Rather be dead than doin life in a jail cell Die young oh well (well) I had a good life (life) They rappin 'bout it but I'm out here payin the price [Bun B] I wake up out of bed, right after the crack of dawn and I give myself a - stretch up, a morning yawn and See I'm a pawn in this neighborhood chess game Move one step at a time, long as the Lord bless me (f'real) I know the rest aim high, I'm tryin to aim it higher (higher) Watchin the lames aspire (aspire) to street success mayne (mayne) They tryin to blame the fire (fire) but that's like wettin water (water) You either burnt or washed out, so get in order (order) Everyday it's gettin harder to fuck with the flow I'm tryin to keep, all of my motherfuckin ducks in a row (row) I gotta see a man 'bout a dog and sell him a cat If you don't know, then you don't know, dat's dat Shit a dollar outta fifteen cents, I got a dime Tryin to hustle up my way to a million, I gotta grind (gotta grind) Walkin the line like cash, I'm on my mash Two hundred yards behind in a hundred yard dash [Bun B] Lord I'm sittin here on bended knee, my hands locked, eyes shut Askin you to watch over me, no matter what Even though I ain't too well behaved, I'm still a child of you And faith in my Holy Father is all that keep me smilin through the bad times and worse times, through it all When my head is hangin low, you help me to stand tall The only way I'ma ball, the only way I'ma shine Is if you lookin after me while I'm out here on the grind [Pimp C] UNGGHH~! I know you bless the child that go get it I'm the product of the ghetto, the flame of the city So I talk the language of the ave Forgive my dirty mouth please, I'm whippin slabs Fifties, quarters and the whole thangs Balance on my life on the fo' beam And I need codeine just to say sane I'm steady prayin to you but I don't know your real name Knahmtalkinbout! But I'm under the impression that if your heart is in the right place your prayers gon' get heard anyway So some say Jah Jah, some say Allah Some say Jesus, some say... Yeshua Ben'ta, knahmalkinbout Ay man I just look like this man, knahmtalkinbout I ain't get this far bein no square man You wanna hide some'n from black folks, they say you can put it in a book I don't believe that Cause I done read fo' libraries worth of books I got some knowledge y'all need to get up on mayne Behold a Pale Horse, knahmtalkinbout The 48 Laws of Power, knahmsayin the Art of War The secret societies of America, knahmtalkinbout Everythang ain't what it look like man And don't judge every book by it's cover... ya dig! Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Three 6 Mafia Album: Underground Kingz Song: Int'l Players Anthem (I Choose You) (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Paul] Hypnotize Minds, UGK! Three 6 Mafia, another classic baby Put some South in your mouth It's goin down, what! [Pimp C] Sweet Jones My bitch a choosy lover, never fuck without a rubber Never in the sheets, like it on top of the cover Money on the dresser, drive a Compressor Top notch hoes get the most, not the lesser Trash like to fuck for $40 in the club Fuckin up the game, bitch ya gets no love She be cross country, givin all that she got A thousand a pop, I'm pullin Bentleys off the lot I smashed up the gray one, bought me a red Every time we hit the parkin lot we turn head Some hoes wanna choose but them bitches too scary Your bitch chose me, you ain't a pimp, you a fairy {"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhh I choose you girl, yeah..."} [Bun B] Baby you been rollin solo, time to get down with the team The grass is greener on that other side if you know what I mean I show you shit you never seen, the Seven Wonders of the World (world) And I can make you the eighth if you wanna be my girl (girl) When I say my girl I don't mean my woman, that ain't my style Need a real street stalker (stalker) to walk a green mile (mile) We pilin up the paper on the dinin room table Cause you able to realize I'm the truth and not a fable (fable) We rock the freshest sable, keep that 'chilla on the rack What I look like with some thousand dollar shit up on my back? I'm a million dollar mack that need a billion dollar bitch Put my pimpin in your life, watch your daddy get rich Easy as A-B-C, simple as 1-2-3 Get down with UGK, Pimp C, B-U-N B Cause what's a hoe with no pimp? And what's a pimp with no hoes? Don't be a lame, you know the game and how it goes We tryin to get chose {"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhh I choose you girl, yeah..."} [DJ Paul] Now when they heard who in the club DJ Paul, bitches chosen up When they see I'm icy like a slush, then they frozen up Like my homie Project Pat we keep them cups raising up Snizzow flizzake is off in my dollar, gotta nose it up I dial drink by the liters, I'm a drinker hoe Ya swore you doin it like meeee? Youse a thinker hoe What you thinkin bro? Need to get your money way up UGK and Three 6 Mafia got your girl trained up [Juicy J] I'm still trappin in hell, my pockets on swell The number one D-boy, Mr. Fishscale I don't fuck around, with snitches who tell Put holes in your brain, leave bodies to smell I'm out here gettin paid, ain't got time for jail I paid off the judges, the juries, the sheriff You know it's the Juice-man, never will fail I'm still +Sippin' Syrup+, slow motion like snails {"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhh I choose you girl, yeah... Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, I choose you baby..."} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ T.I. Album: Underground Kingz Song: Hit the Block (Bonus Track) Typed by: _Nickolye16@aol.com_ (mailto:Nickolye16@aol.com)  [Chorus One - MJG sample] Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block G-Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block G-Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block Get that cheese, hit the block, get that cheese, hit the block [Bun B - over Chorus One] Get it, let's get it Get that money mayne, get that money mayne Let's get that money mayne, c'mon [Chorus Two - MJG sample] Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Hit the block, count that cash, get that cheese, get that dough Get that cheese, get that dough, get that cheese, get that dough [Bun B - over Chorus Two] Let's go, yeah, let's go What? What? [Chorus Two] [Bun B - over Chorus Two] Let's get it, yeah Let's get it, what? What? [Bun B] Well it's the first of the month my nigga so you know what it is (is) Let's get down to the block and get that handlin this biz Call the dealers and killers, cut-throated thugs are gorillas (what?) Got my haters to feel us and recognize who the trillest (huh) I got my mind on my paper (paper) it's time for collectin ('lectin) My issue you neglectin, seem to me you disrespectin Boy don't play with my pape's cause I'ma gon' spray where you stay Pull out that K in a day and get done away like you fake Straight out P-A short Texas, servin trees on the West (West) A money-makin machine, nigga I do it best With the cream and the cash, by any means I'ma mash So go get my green out the stash, walk with that beam in ya ass Cause I gotta [Chorus Two] [Pimp C] Uhh, I got a 'Llac with a stash spot Spot, for that plastic heater in the glass knot Get the cheese, whip the blow, hit the sneeze, hit the dro She on her knees in the low, I make 'em get down on the flo' Flo', you niggaz say you want a better price Price, you got it but it ain't gon' hook right Drop seven on lock tight, fuck wit it the whole night Try to hit and she hid the Sprite, got you mad like Tina and Ike Ike, my product always cover up good Good, nigga I can put that on my neighborhood Hold Arthur right on the water, white powder and hella snorter Nigga wanna buy eight I brought 'em slowly off and then I ate in the squadda Uhh, now nigga look at how the time change Change, check out the Jordans on this wide frame Whippin out and grippin gram, new truck or candy slant Makin young girls drop it I, hit the slab bitch hit the block [Chorus Two] [T.I. - over Chorus Two] Let me get these niggaz for you Pimp! Let me handle this shit for you Bun, I got you! You know it's a team, UGK alumni Ain't nuttin! [T.I.] I got a, fresh connect a Betty bubble up out the pirate Ask yourself, cheap in Texas if you can drive past Besides that, nigga current or make five cents It's seven eight or nine, seventh time a month supply that By fifty thousand, no more browsin, bitch I'm buyin that I'm ridin 'Llac with three old Benzes right behind that Fifth comin down we be flexin, fives and sixes in GTS's Chrome tips with VVS's, neck and chest in VVS's Oh yes it's, the mob better get your mind right Ay Tip ain't goin home, that don't even sound right You niggaz actin like a broad, I don't wanna fight Nah I ain't gon' squab but I will have a gun fight We finna hit the streets with the glock, with the G's in the block Trappin on like a traffic stop, then sooner or later I have a knot Got money from Bankhead to Groverland, fuck your head back to Simpson Road Down South fakers known for gettin paper  then some of the hill niggaz still know, for sho' they know [Chorus Two] [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Cory Mo Album: Underground Kingz (Best Buy Deluxe Edition) Song: Top Drop Dyne (Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Top drop down when I'm ridin through the town Top drop down when I'm ridin through the town Top drop down when I'm ridin through the town (swangin on fo's) Top drop down, top top drop down Top top drop down when I'm ridin through the town Top drop down when I'm ridin through the town Top drop down when I'm ridin through the town (swangin-swangin on fo's) Top drop down, top top drop down Top top drop down when I'm ridin through the town [Pimp C] When the top starts fallin the bitches start callin My trunk start bangin and the fo's start crawlin The drank mixed up, in the cream soda bottle Her lips, hit my dick that's why I smashed on the throttle Swisha Sweet candy, Robert Davis in my cup I'm swervin like Bootsy but I couldn't give a fuck (fuck) You see this car? (You see this car?)  You see this truck? (You see this truck?) They both for me now watch them girls get buck (buck) Ain't shit friendly but we still have fun (fun) UGK for life, you know the Pimp and the Bun (Bun) The great state of Texas, candy in the Lexus Dick for them hoes jaws, pistols for the flexers Somebody asked me why I'm ridin on the East All I did was told the truth, the bullshit niggaz cease (cease) If you ain't hatin nigga why the fuck you mad? If your records ain't sellin, get your fingers out ya ass, bitch! [Bun B] Well it's the king of the trill (trill) wood wheel in my palm (palm) Yeah I'm sittin sideways on suedes smokin that bomb (bomb) The granddaddy kush mixed with a little O.G. (fo' sho') That's my breakfast, off top I gotta blow three Not to mention codeine, liquid and the pill (pill) Bloats on my grill with my hand on my steel (steel) Just another day in the life of a King So while the candy paint drip, and the Cadillac swing I'ma gon' and pop the trunk, surely but slowly Let you see my name in lights, just so you know me I'm gettin more points than Kobe, for my G-ness Regardless of who's comin after me you gon' see list Rims ain't big enough, paint don't glisten And your trunk don't even rattle from your garbage ass system (no) Your slab ain't holdin, ain't no use to you frontin And I'm fin' to shut the game down when I push the button And the.. {*echoes*} [Cory Mo] Swangin on fo's nigga, uhh Back on the slab for the first time, I'm full of that purp' nine Boys mad at me cause I know what I'm worth now Droppin them tops down, beatin the blocks down Leavin 'em with they mouth wide, stuck at the stop sign Blow-Pop candy paint glistenin off my panky rang Listenin to some old school Underground Kiiiiingz So you know I'm sittin on swaaaaang Cory Mo about to do the damn thaaaaang In the butter guts with the diamond in the back King Kongs in the trunk, hit the switch and watch it crack I'ma let my paper stack and quote nothin but facts So don't "ax" me nothin partner 'less you droppin some cash (cash) Now she hoppin it fast (fast) that's just how I like it (like it) Turn around and show me somethin girl I'm gettin excited (oooh) Ain't nobody trippin cause the money already made I done said it befo', so I'ma say it again And let my top drop dowwwwwn Artist: Bun B f/ Z-Ro Album: II Trill Song: II Trill Typed by: ya_boy_2006@yahoo.com [J. Prince] awww yeah..what's up pimp I feel ya prescence right now yo bun. you know many are called but few are chosen you the chosen one my nigga the future president congratulations by the way I need you to send a trill message to some and a subliminal message to others about this throwin' rocks and then hidin' ya hand bitch. please let em know we gon give them what they ask for [Bun B] mayne I'm too hard for all you soft niggas too real for most of you lames too raw to be in this rap shit and the streets is the same too throwed off in this game too true to my hood I'm too down to get down so lets get it understood too bad to be good too golden not glisten too focused for fuck boys to fuck off my mission too smart not to listen when g's pull my coat bout them white folks that's listenin and watchin' my boat that's real shit you can quote I'm too gangsta too street so don't run up too fast cuz I'm too strapped with that heat I'm too dirty to be me too gorilla to be monkey too fly to stay grounded too fresh to be funky too many licks for junkies, too much work for flippers too much dro for smokers, too much amp for dippers no need for you to trip cuz we bring to much drama got too many killas put that on my mamma I'm too trill [Z-Ro - hook] Iiiiii'm too trill, too, too too real all about my dolla bills and even if I tried I could never fall off too much money on my mind IiiiiI'm too trill too, too, too, real hard as penetentiary steel it's simple and plain If I retired you young'uns wouldn't know what to do with the game [Bun B] and I'm too serious for this play playin' it's too much bread to make for me too fuck of my time with these cats that's too fake I done seen too many wakes, sent too many to them yo homeboy can get it I'm to ready to do him too many guns I can pull, too many slugs I can bust leave yo brain matter, bone fragments, and dick up in the dust too many niggas I done crushed to let yo bitch ass come try me that smart game got gun play youll be screamin' why me too close don't get by me, you too prone to tell bout these bodies we catchin', this dope that we sell you too weak ,mayne too frail, too light up in yo britches you too much dick ridin' manye you worse than these bitches too many snitches that you breakin' bread wit you too close to police ,boy you on some fed shit so you can go head with that sale, we wont' buy I'm too smart for all that dumb shit you know but boys try [hook] [Bun B] and I'm too sick of all this sweet shit cuz I'm seein' too much smilin' too much punk ass posin' too much punk ass profilin' too many niggas be frontin' like they got the town on lock with too much money in the bank and too many hoes is on they jock but you smoke too many of them rocks that you claimin' you done sold I done been out on them blocks and you ain't got too much control man you workers ain't that cold, they some hoes more or lesser and they too ready to fold cuz they can't take too much pressure do we mash on them? yes sir they in violation go get em It won't be too long befo we mop up the flo with em It's rap-a-lot for life we done been here too long to let these hata's bring us down we too right they too wrong I'm too black and too strong to go out like a punk too ready for the ruckus too close too my trunk we can pop or we can jump we can blast or we can go from the shoulders bitch I tried to told you but if you ain't kno I'm II Trill Artist: Bun B f/ Sean Kingston Album: II Trill Song: That's Gangsta Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun B - Intro] R.I.P. Pimp C UGK for Life, you already know, baby {J-J-J-J-J-J-J.R.! J.R.} (Yeah, mon..) This for my trill gangstas, let's do it [Chorus - Sean Kingston] I'm a full-time hustler, posted on the block Gotta get it t'how I live, an' I'm never gon' stop Now that's gangstaaaaaaaaaaaa... Now that's gangstaaaaaaaaaaaa... When mi ride t'ru the hood, you can hear the bass knock All de gal dem love me, me have de city locked Now that's gangstaaaaaaaaaaaa... Now that's gangstaaaaaaaaaaaa...HEY! [Bun B] Mayne I'm a gangsta, G-A-N-G-S-T-A mayne A gangsta, the best to come up out of PA, mayne A gangsta, seldom seen, but always heard A REAL gangsta, more than just a seven-letter word (fo' real!) A gangsta ain't cha clothes (clothes), a gangsta ain't cha hat (hat) Your watch, rang, and chain - naw, a gangsta ain't that! (at all!) A gangsta can have that, but he ain't gotta show it (why?) cause with or without it he's still a gangsta and you know it From my head to my toe wit it, it ain't hard to see that I'm a gangsta, ain't too many as hard as me You claimin G, but you ain't gangsta jack So tell all them fake gangstas  I'm comin to take gangsta back - now that's gangsta! [Bun B] Mayne I'm a gangsta, now let me tell you what that means See I'm a gangsta, always got my mind on my green And I'm a gangsta, always gon' do what I gotta do (yep!) Unless it's givin game to police and sellin out his crew (naw!) That's somethin gangstas don't do, gangstas keep it trill (trill) A gangsta do a crime, he do his time on the real (real) A gangsta don't squeal and tell on everyone he know Put a jacket on ya boy, you ain't a gangsta, youse a hoe! (A HOE!) A gangsta holds his homeboys down when they gone (gone) A gangsta put him back on his feet when they home (home) A gangsta is a homeboy that never turn his back on another real homie, that's a well-known fact - and that's gangsta! [Bun B] Mayne I'm a gangsta, call me the hood superstar and I'm a gangsta, ridin in my candy-painted car Cause see a gangsta, always down to rep for his hood and to do a little bad, so I can do a little good A gangsta don't forget where he came from, no matter  where he go or where he been, keep it gangsta 'til the end Cause I'm a gangsta (yep), and I'ma always love my city Make money but don't act like I'm above my city (Never!) Cause gangstas, will always give back to the ghetto And gangstas, will never turn they back to the ghetto That's a fact in the ghetto, it's never been a lie (lie) So I'ma keep it gangsta 'til the day that I die - now that's gangsta! [Outro - Bun B] Yeah, it's still UGK for Life for all you haters out there We gon' ride for the Pimp R.I.P. Pimp C, ain't nobody ever gon' stop this music UGK befo', UGK now, and UGK until, baby! Artist: Bun B f/ Lil Wayne Album: II Trill Song: Damn I'm Cold Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Chops on the track (Damn I'm cold, damn I'm cold) (Damn I'm cold, damn I'm cold) [Lil Wayne] See when I got Mercedes, I went and got a Mercedes When I got that Bentley, I went and got that Bentley Now if ye ain't help me make it, don't tell me how to spend it And yes I know the rules, never marry Robin Givens Mice'll run all over bitches, so we call them bitches cheeseheads Lambeau leap in that pussy like in Green Bay Lambo' suite look like sugar on the freeawy And I'm "Ridin Dirty" cause I'm so U-G-K One two three wait, fo' fo' makes eight Nine times out of 10 it's eleven or a 12 gauge Friday the 13th, that's the day that hell raise But y'all boys too weak, like fo'teen days I'm so clean, why wouldn't I be I be with Ben Frank' so much he's startin to look like me I'ma smoke my weed and I don't wanna smoke yours And I pour four, everytime I pour [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Like, is you sayin somethin bitch If ye ain't talkin 'bout us, we ain't talkin 'bout shit I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed I looked into the mirror and said damn I'm cold Damn I'm cold, and my hoes Pimp shit nigga keep payin my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Bun B] See when I got that slab money I put the Rivvy on blades When I got that 'llac money I candied the Escalade Got that Screw in my deck, a house or two on my neck A couple cars on my wrist, and bitch I'm ready to wreck We 'bout to do this for Pimp C, so pass me a bottle I'm 'bout to pop the top on it like a slab or a model Turn it upside down then po' it out for my lil' bro Then pass me another one so I can po' out a lil' mo' Fresher than ozium, cleaner than wax floors I'm, slick as linoleum, swingin them 'llac do's Them, Franklins you foldin yeah we tryin to stack those So fo' you play the role you need to learn how to act, HOE Swangaz who' crank fo's and tip nin trunks who bang Haters get back and hoes'll flip with nuts who hang It ain't a thang, make #1's and ever will I put that on my life, Bun Beeda fo'ever trill, f'real [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Yeah, fuckin right alright Goin at your neck like a barkin dog bites I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed Looked into the mirror and said damn I'm cold Damn I'm cold, and my hoes Pimp shit nigga keep payin my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Bun B] Is it the ice in the piece or the ice in the chains? Is it the ice in the watch or the ice in the Range? Or the bracelet, face it, you feel the chill in yo' veins Could it be from Bun Beda or that boy Lil Wayne? [Lil Wayne] Or could it be the two-seater, on them thangs Got on a couple gold chains, so dang-a-dang I swang and bang, from lane to lane Yeah, it's gettin hot and you starting to feel the flame Bun [Bun B] It's gettin brick and you starting to feel the breeze And the temperature's going down, best to get you some sleeves And you best to get you some G's, 'fore you lose your control And we turn your whole neighborhood into the North Pale [Lil Wayne] Like brrrrrrrrr, machine gun brrrrrrrrrr I am a beast grrrrrrr, money machine brrrrr F-U-C-K, C-O-P's I say I know when they say freeze - yeaahhhhh! [Chorus: Lil Wayne] Okay, you already knew No pussies, no rats, no Tom and Jerry show And I woke up this mornin, eyes half closed Looked into the mirror like damn I'm cold Oh damn I'm cold, and my hoes Damn I'm cold, man I'm throwed I said damn I'm cold, hot damn I'm cold [Outro] This has been a Chops production Artist: Bun B f/ David Banner, Eightball, MJG, Rick Ross Album: II Trill Song: You're Everything Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bun B] Man f'real I love bein from the Dirty South mayne It made me the G I am today, made me the hustler I am today The grinder, the baller; the gangster I am today mayne Lot of people got opinions and, issues and, problems with  what they see comin from the South and who doin what in the South mayne But I'ma tell you like this - FUCK YOU DAWG~! This the South nigga We gon' be here, we been here, and ain't goin no motherfuckin where Take it how you like it, hate it or love it hoe! It's that candy paint, 84's, belts and buckles, chrome and grill Leather seats, stitch and tuck, TV screens and wooden wheels Suede roof, neon lights, whole tire swang and bang Tops drop, blades chop, fifth wheel just hangin mayne White T's, fitted hats, Jordans or the dickies (dickies) That Swisher sweet, cigarillos filled up with the sticky (sticky) The fifteens bam'n and the bass kick-kickin Cadillac do's slammin on them po'-po's tippin We ain't trippin just flippin these haters dip when they see us (dip when they see us) Cause they could never beat us best us or be us I'm a G that's a genius, best to just respect my thuggin mayne It's the South, ain't nothin above it and that's why I love it mayne! F'real [Chorus: Jodeci samples] You're everything I knew! (Ohh yeah) Do what you want me to (I will doooooooo anything) Get on my knees for you (ohhhhhhhhhh bab-bayyy) What else is there to do (I don't know, I don't know, but I'll cry) [Rick Ross - talking over Chorus second half] Yeah, keepin it trilla baby; Texas, P.A. to H-Town 3-oh-5 to Mi-Yayo... you know what it is Pray at night when you sellin white, got one ki' tryin to sell it twice Yellow stones all in my shit, yellowbones all on my dick Honeycomb I call my crib, money long that's on my kids R.I.P. to my Uncle Chad, UGK you can't fuck wit that Niggaz fake, they hate candy paint, and all the paper that your partner make Shakin dice like a face of life, champagne just ain't tastin right Haterade they Gatorade, look at these seats they gator made Friend or foe niggaz never know (know) never know when you fin' to blow [David Banner] Dude scrapin the curb, dippin sippin some syrup Fingers blistered twisted Swishers, Pimp died and it hurt But I handle my issue, I got several pistols that won't whistle, missles knockin gristle from fatty tissue Mississippi's my home, 'til I'm die and I'm gone I know I put it on my back, held that bitch up alone With no label b-backin, pride split into fractions I hit the ocean on peggy bustin back at the crackin And y'all scared (y'all scared) [Eightball] Lets talk about Pimp C, Bun B, Eightball, MJG Big Boi, Dre 3000, Scarface, Willie D T.I.P, Young Jeezy, Birdman, Lil Weezy Trick Daddy, Young Buck, SoSoDef, Jermaine Depri J Prince, Rap-A-Lot, Juicy J, DJ Paul Slim Thug, Lil' Keke, Chamillionare, Paul Wall We all different but we all rep the same thang God first, family then money in the South mayne [MJG] They call me PEEIMP TYTE~! MJG The Dirty South, is everything I want Everything I need, everything I'm longin for when I'm outta town gotta get home, just for Everything that I been raised to love, the wisdom my grandmomma gave to us Racial profilin, police harassment regular days to us You say door, we say do'; you say four, we say fo' You say whore, we say hoe; you want more, but we want mo' What else is there left for me to do? This the dedication from me to you The South, I know you gonna see, me through So until I die I wanna be, wit'chu You're everything Artist: Bun B Album: II Trill Song:   I Luv That Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Unknown Female] I luv that shit - 3X [Verse 1 - Bun B] It's goin down like it always do I'm about to hit 'em front door, front row with the crew I pull up to valet in the '09 'cedes ('09 'cedes) And turn the heads of all the fly ladies (fly ladies) (I luv that shit) I lift the doors out (out), then lift the doors up (up) Step out the car and the whole world slows up (up) I show up like a certified pro Lookin like slow motion when I heads to the door (to the door) I walk right past the line to the rope Everybody fall back like I'm the motherfuckin po' And it's not even a question if I fittin to bring the strap in They tried to pat me down but it ain't fittin to happen Head to the bar, all eyes on B-da (on B-da) From the haters and the fly mamacitas (mamacitas) And trust me mayne when the club this thick You ain't even got to ask - I luv this shit [Chorus - Bun B] (Unknown Female) The club is packed, the bottles is poppin [bottles is poppin] We make it rain when the models is boppin, mayne (I luv that shit)  Ladies shakin they backs And all the players and the pimps is catchin heart attacks, come on (I luv that shit)  Aiyyo DJ turn it up (I luv that shit)  You got a beat, then let's burn it up [burn it up] You know we do it B-I-G So come and holla at a player in the V-I-P [Verse 2 - Bun B] UGK we in the house fo' s ho' We about to crank this thang up and you already know (already know) (I luv that shit) We in the club lookin like new money Put ya stunna shades on 'cause the ice too sunny (too sunny) Me and my partners posted up at the bar And we about to buy it out, for the price of your car (huh) All the Ace of Spades, all the Rozay All the syrup and white and Patrón, okay? (okay?) They sendin out ice buckets by the dozens (dozens) I pass 'em out to my dogs and my cousins (cousins) The whole club full of smoke and we buzzin (buzzin) It's goin down in here mayne, you thought it wasn't? Movin through the club like a conga line See the baddest little bopper, legs long and fine And she like "I love your ropes, are they solid gold or hollow B?" ' I tell ya in the VIP, mommie follow me [Verse 3 - Bun B] No party like a trill ass party, 'cause a trill ass party don't stop (don't stop) Mayne it ain't no shorty like a trill ass shorty, 'cause a trill ass shorty gon' drop (gon' drop) Go on drop it down low to the floor, make it pop (make it pop) I want to watch you wobble, show me what you got (what you got) Now go on work that (work that), and twerk that (twerk that) Now wiggle it around baby jerk that (jerk that) Now toot it up (toot it up), and boot it up (boot it up) I'm cocked and loaded and I'm a shoot it up (shoot it up) Now grind it (grind it), dirty wind it (wind it) Now back it up, while I get behind it (behind it) No w go ahead and do your thang girl (girl) Let it loose, let it go, let it hang girl (girl) And shake what your momma gave ya for daddy (daddy) And maybe you can ride shotgun in the Caddy, come on [Chorus] - 2X Artist: Bun B f/ Lupe Fiasco Album: II Trill Song: Swang On 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro]  We ride, we ride 22's or better  We, we ride, we ride 22's or better {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} Now if I catch you at the light {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} That candy paint ain't lookin right {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We, we ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} [Bun B] Now if you come down to this Dirty South, betta watch yo' ears Cause country boys talk with a dirty mouth, and they on them corners And they hustlin up that dirty D, betta watch them dirty boys Down South we keep it dirty G, I know you heard of me I got that work (work) man I got that white and I got that purp', and I got that brown and I got that green when I'm in yo' town and I hit yo' scene In a candy painted car that'll sit so clean Trunk on pop with the fifth on lean "II Trill" DVD playin on my screen Sittin on cream, man you know what I mean? Now if I catch you at the light {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} That candy paint ain't lookin right {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We, we ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} [Bun B] Now if you come down to this T-E-X, betta show some love Cause homey you don't wanna see me plex, when we 'bout that paper And ain't no shortstop in my cashin checks, I get full of ana And get to standin upon these niggaz necks, betta show respect Or we pullin out them tecs, man I got them macs and I got them K's And I got them 9's and I got them A's, R-15's and them two-two-treys Player when I ride I'ma ride for days, no I don't miss and I sho' don't graze Bring what you got and I bet it don't faze I'm a trill-ass nigga man it's in my ways [Lupe Fiasco] Yup! Now I'm Chi-Town born and I'm Chi-Town bred; call me Westside Lu' But I know about the Northside blues and them Southside reds I run the F-N-F crew 'til my man Chilly Chill come home and he back on deck My garage keep a very fast car, keep a classy gold chain wrapped around my neck I came from the left but I'm downright fresh Speak on - how you on a song Bun B Complete 180 how crazy-ass he gone How strong is the brand of D that he on? How come he do what he want and never do what we want? I'm Rick James, in this game There's a wide leather couch for me to plant my feet on The Murphys didn't jump me, told me to get comfy Even brought the loveseat for me to spill my drink on Willie D gave me my stamp Shout to Mike Jones and the Swisha camp That boy Callion and the Rap-A-Lot Ranch The "boss of the North" and "The People's Champ" Coolest nigga what? Coolest nigga what? Been swallowed by them city lights Ball 'til I'm benched and I put it on a pimp F-N-F, U-P, U-G-K fo' life {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} {I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} We, we ride, we ride 22's or better {Swang on 'em; I swang on 'em, swang on 'em} Artist: Bun B f/ Jazze Pha Album: II Trill Song: My Block Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Jazze Pha] We run things round here (round here) So I suggest you don't come around here (round here) Boy you know you ain't from round here (round here) So stand clear (stand clear) and I'ma tell you what it is This is my block (LAY DOWN) this is my block (LAY DOWN) This is my block (LAY DOWN) this is my block (LAY DOWN) Ohhhhhh, we run t'ings round here Oh-ohhhhh, this my block right here This is my block (LAY DOWN) this is my block (LAY DOWN) This is my block (LAY DOWN) this is my block (LAY DOWN) Ohhhhhh, we run t'ings round here Oh-ohhhhh, this my block right here [Bun B] Well hold it down lil' buddy, pump ya breaks, slow ya roll Ease back on your throttle, put your plans on hold I don't care what'cha sellin (sellin) or care what'cha sold I don't know what they was tellin you or what you been told This my block, I got it locked down cold (cold) And all this right here, this is under my control I could really give a damn 'bout the name on the sign (on the sign) Cause as far as I'm concerned this is mine (this is mine) You crossed the line playboy, you might as well make love to a mirror cause you playin wit yourself (playin wit yourself) We raise hell (we raise hell) we go hard Don't make me bring the drama to ya momma front yard This is my block [Bun B] See you from outta town (town) so you don't know the rules (rules) Round here homie we don't suffer no fools We don't play with no kids (kids) unless we done made 'em We don't talk to police ('lice) unless we done paid 'em It's a code in these streets (code in these streets) you better learn it And we don't just give out respect, you gotta earn it (you gotta earn it) And we don't hustle cause we wanna, cause we have ta God first, fam next, and all the rest after (the rest after) We make money not the other way around (round) So don't you play around (round) or we will lay you down (down) Comin from P.A. the town (town) the land of the trill Play your cards right or get yourself, shuffled on the real This is my block [Bun B] See this is my B-L-O-C-K My streets and I got 'em on L-O-C-K (C-K) I walk around with G-L-O-C-K And I'ma keep it on C-O-C-K, okay I represent P.A., the West to the East (East) And you don't want a war, everybody got a piece (got a piece) You think it's sweet (sweet) until you catch a cavity (a cavity) And that heat'll make yo' ass defy gravity (gravity) So do the math (do the math) connect the dots (connect the dots) See if you wanna do it to yourself or not Don't get too close (close) cause you might get shot (shot) Just do yourself a favor, get the fuck up out the spot This is my block Artist: Bun B Album: II Trill Song: Get Cha Issue Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Payback's a motherfucker! This is where we take a journey, called karma What goes around, comes back around Especially the rules of these streets It's a bloody war, in the rules of engagement Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth Justice, in the mind of a gangsta [Bun B] Hey, Mr. Preacher Man, what do you say? See you out here tryin to save yourself some people today You got the good book in your hand and the robe on your back Steppin out your 2008 Escalade Cadillac You standin up in the pulpit, lookin out at the pew Preachin the good word and tellin Christian folks what to do You talkin 'bout the sinners are sinnin, but let's keep it true Ain't nobody in this church a bigger sinner than you It's chapter this, verse that, pass the plate, pay your tithes Puttin rings on your fingers (fingers) and rims on your ride You don't need yourself a thousand dollar suit, just to pray in (Just to pray in) Or a million dollar house for you to stay in (nope) Marriage counselin, but cheatin on ya own wife Undercover pedophile, a heathen in ya own right Let the do'knob hit ya where the good Lord split ya You's a dirty motherfucker (so) it's time to get'cha issue, c'mon [Interlude: Bun B] The good book say, that he who is without sin cast the first stone Mayne every time I walk inside the church house the preacher cuttin his eyes at me But I know he can't throw nothin my way He dirtier than I am, ridin down the street shinin, ballin Hollerin at broads, hollerin at dudes on the cool That's why niggaz don't go to church now It ain't the message, it's the motherfuckin messenger Let us move on [Bun B] Hey, Mr. Policeman, what do you say? I see you out here tryin to save yourself some people today You got that nightstick in your hand and you walkin your beat Or in the blue-and-white car and drivin down my street You say you here to help the people, and do us some good Protect us and serve, to try to keep the peace in our hood Claim you crackin down on the crime, but let's keep it true Cause the biggest criminals in my city is you You know police brutality is at a all-time high (high) Pumpin 61 slugs into an unarmed guy (guy) Tried to say that the assailant had a motherfuckin handgun But when you couldn't find one, you motherfuckers plant one Rampart scandal, Tupac Shakur Christopher Wallace, it got me sick and who got the cure? If the PD, went M.I.A., we wouldn't miss ya Y'all some dirty motherfuckers (so) it's time to get'cha issue, c'mon [Interlude: Bun B] Look at this shit mayne Amadou Diallo, Sean Bell, Tupac Shakur, Notorious B.I.G. Motherfuckers is dyin out here man And if the police ain't killin 'em They not givin a fuck about who will Nobody tryin to find out who killed these people Fat Pat, Big H.A.W.K., this shit ain't right man Good cop, bad cop, the line blurry every day Let us move on [Bun B] Hey, Mr. Politician, what do you say? I see you out here tryin to save yourself some people today You tellin us it's time for a change, people is dyin And the current administration doin nothin but lyin You come down to my community and tell us your goals to clean the system up and get the crisis under control Claimin you can get us on track, but let's keep it true The main motherfuckers keepin us off track is you Damn near everybody runnin is a member of the senate They voted to send us to war, so y'all got us in it Now the shit done hit the fan, and you tryin to say you wasn't down from the jump but man the shit won't play Y'all some liars, stealers, philanderers and all Got senate to suck the dick inside of bathroom stalls Nah, elected officials lettin the dick kiss you You's a dirty motherfucker (so) it's time to get'cha issue, c'mon [Outro: Bun B] Man, I don't believe this shit Motherfuckers overseas die in that war We just got rid of a president that didn't wanna do nothin Sit back and got his dick sucked all day Now we got motherfuckin elected people, in office In motherfuckin airport bathroom tryin to suck the dicks half the people on the beat and shit Now what is this world comin to? Who lookin out for the children, education, social security Bring my people back from motherfuckin Iraq mayne, for real Let us move on {*echoes*} Artist: Bun B f/ Juvenile, Webbie Album: II Trill Song: Pop it 4 Pimp Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Mouse on the track, that'll make you bounce and act, what... [repeat 2X] Shake it like you mean it Shake it like you mean it Shake it like you mean it girl Shake it like you mean it [Chorus One] All my H-Town women gon' pop it for pimp All my Baton Rouge women gon' pop it for pimp All my ATL women gon' pop it for pimp All my Birmingham women gon' pop it for pimp [Interlude] Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp (Gon') Pop it for pimp (gon') pop it for pimp [Bun B] Now all my ladies to the dance flo', it's time to do ya thang You see the piece of chain, you see the panky rang Now this one ain't a joke, and this one ain't a game You got to twurk for my baby brother, now show no shame You already know who you came fo' and why you came And why you comin, you hear the 8-0-8 drummin Let a hater hate, woman that's what they gon' do Now pop it for the pimp, you see a trill nigga want you But you gotta be down, to fuck with me and my round You ain't gon' pop it for the pimp, bitch get yo' ass out of town You got to take it off and let me see it, with no delay So if you miss the pimp let me hear you say, c'mon [Interlude] [Chorus Two] All my women up in Philly gon' pop it for pimp All my St. Louis women gon' pop it for pimp All my Carolina women gon' pop it for pimp All my Las Vegas women gon' pop it for pimp [Juvenile] Yeah, yeah I love the way you work a pole yeah, Nicole yeah Make a nigga spend his dough yeah, ya po' yeah Ain't finished I got mo' yeah, to throw yeah You will buy it and ya know yeah, and show yeah Go on pop it for my nigga P-I-, M-P Busy out there with my nigga B.I., and P-A-C Streets fuck wit'chu and I can see why, you a G You could pop it girl but after this, it's you and me It don't matter if you got a day job or a stripper Shake it like you mean it bitch, I'm a good tipper It's been a minute, damn you done got thicker And that ass look better when a nigga on liquor (Pop it for pimp) {*repeat 5X*} Whoa whoa whoa, whoa whoa whoa... (yeah) [Chorus Three] All my women up in Dallas gon' pop it for pimp All my Chattanooga women gon' pop it for pimp All my Ca$hville women gon' pop it for pimp All my M-I-A women gon' pop it for pimp [Interlude] w/ ad libs [Webbie] Gon' keep it trill shorty hairy asshole All the real bad bitches get down on the flo' If you gon' do it good I throw a lil' dough If you do it a lil' better I throw a lil' mo' Make somebody tell them bitches we gon' need mo' ones Hit the room with me and Bun, it'll be so fun Big titties, big buns, yeah she a thugga Pop it like a firecracker, bet'cha Pimp'll love her Check it out, stretch it out, go on 'head, let it out Don't be shy, take your time, I know your mama had a fine ass daughter I ain't lyin, I'll beat it like it's mine Nah I ain't Sweet Jones but I keep a freak on, yeah [Interlude] [Chorus One] Artist: Bun B f/ Mya Album: II Trill Song: Good II Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bun B] Baby girl lookin good, feel real thick Real pretty, real fly, she a real chick Lookin for a real player to adore ya But look no further, I'm the player for ya Sittin big on the 20-somethin inch thangs Leanin on the leather, grippin grain with them big rangs Big piece, big chain with the big ice You wanna roll? You ain't gotta ask the kid twice Push a button, the do's open up for ya I save the shotgun seat up in the trunk for ya Stitch and tuck, so you know that I'm a boss with the red candy paint lookin like spaghetti sauce You wanna floss with a G, keep it real It ain't no need in you lyin, to the king of the Trill You either won't or you will Just keep it one hundred with a player baby tell me how you feel C'mon [Chorus One: Mya] People always talkin' bout - they be sayin they be sayin they be sayin Your reputation - how you got a lot of hoooooes, but I don't really give a I don't care what you did to them~! Just be good to me (be good to me) Just be good to me (just be good to me) just be GOOD! [Bun B] You want me to be good, then I'ma be the best And I'ma give you top shelf baby nuttin less Front do' to the, front row Whatever, you need just let, Bun know (Bun know) First class flights, penthouse suites You want sushi? We go to Japan to eat You want pasta? We fly to Milan That's how it is in the life of a don We eat filet mignon in Pa-ris That's how it is when you rollin with a G Your man want it but he ain't thar rich Trust me baby I can scratch that itch Never call you a bitch when you act like a lady You carry yourself like a woman and we gravy Ain't no maybe, I know I can Put the whole wide world in the palm of your hand baby [Chorus Two: Mya] People always tellin me - they be sayin they be sayin they be That you're a player I don't care 'bout them other girls~! Just be good to me (be good to me) Just be good to me (just be good to me) just be GOOD! [Mya] I said, I'll hold you down when you need me I'm gonna be, I'm gon' always be around I'll give you all my love If you treat me right baby, ooooooooooh [Bun B] Girl anything you wishin I can make it come true Have you lookin like a million dollars when you come through Wit'cha Louboutin shoes, or Jimmy Chu's Giuseppe, Zanetti or whatever you wanna do (you wanna do) Louis V, Dior, Prada or Gucci (Gucci) Richard Roy, Chanel, or maybe Coogi (Coogi) Dolce & Gabbana or Valentino's (Tino's) Ferragamo, Mark Jacobs, Malandrino's (Drino's) Maybe Fendi or Yves St. Laurent Versace, KLS, or whatever that you want It ain't a thang to buy you some Vera Wang You gotta look like a Queen for you to be with the Kang The fancy cars with the butterfly do's Big mansion with the marble on the flo's The world is yo's but here's the key When I'm bein good to you, be good II me [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] with ad libs [Mya] In the morning In the evening baby If you treat me good I'ma gonna keep on comin to ya La la la la la lahhh La la la la la lahhh You're all that I know, just be good to me Artist: Bun B f/ Chamillionaire, Pimp C Album: II Trill Song: Underground Thang Typed by: ben.clemmons@gmail.com [Chorus: Chamillionaire] Can't knock the hustle man Don't hate the player hate the game Gotta love it man Catch me flipping gripping grain in the turning lane Trunk on bang Cause it's an underground thing Cause I'm an underground king [Bun B] It's Bun B the king of the trill And I'm bringing the steel Bringing the max it bitches of fact It's that gangsta shit I'm bringing it back I went from slanging the crack To slanging the tracks and slanging my skills Since ninety-two and slanging it still So bring who you feel bring who you feeling Bring them around and I'ma lay them down It's just another sound boy killing Rude boy wanna test Better make sure rude boy got on his vest Walk with a bunch of bananas on his chest These monkey niggas on that monkey shit Best to evolve or I'm bouts to go gorilla and kill them with a revolver So go on pimping you's a chip and I'ma blue bat You ain't ready for the blowback Bitch and you already knew that So bring who you wanna bring on I'ma go king kong And squeeze him 'til he come up off his cream like a ding dong Standing on top of the towers the trans go beating my chest So it's best you and your mans know I'm an underground king [Chorus: Chamillionaire] Can't knock the hustle man Don't hate the player hate the game Gotta love it man Catch me flipping gripping grain in the turning lane Trunk on bang Cause it's an underground thing Cause I'm an underground king [Pimp C] I'm an underground king for life ?In my shoes like hittin in your wife? Tattoo that's you *man is an island* Nigga you the pig you buy the Q  Sounds scan short bro Bump it right like tylo Fake price buy the ice Use it for the Tony Snow Ball-faced liar try to call me a snitch  I did four in population with a ball-faced bitch  If it wasn't for that Bun Niggas might not know my name no more But every time they gave him a mic He told them hos to let me go  Reject tripper sucking on nipple Gripping the grain playing with cock  Pull that zipper she ain't twister She getting money fast when it's in her mouth Nigga you know what I'm about You who sight it I'm gonna ride  I run the south use my highs I tell the truth even when I lie  Atlanta is the country Them Georgia boy's cool  It's all you out of town faggot niggas fucking up all the rules That ain't blow that's recon That ain't dro that's popcorn You fucking right they coming back Like you selling it cheap cause they stepped on, bitch [Chorus: Chamillionaire] Can't knock the hustle man Don't hate the player hate the game Gotta love it man Catch me flipping gripping grain in the turning lane Trunk on bang Cause it's an underground thing Cause I'm an underground king [Chamillionaire] No reprise for the cars I'm staying up in the foreign Wanna wake up my neighbors And the other cooks in the morning If being Bun wasn't touring I swear the game would be boring If being fake was a felony All y'all rappers be starring in America's Most Wanted I missed that Pimp and that Pac So it seems that me and Bun B Is the realest breed you got My paper chase getting faster I'm even beating the clock When it comes to G's the tick tock Is gonna get beat to the dock I gave birth to the hustle So let my fetus be shown When I pull out them baby benjamins And I skeet on your dome I'm secreting the dough So don't leave your woman alone Or I'll turn my dick to a dollar And give your woman a loan My presence on Texas streets Is something that's easy to spot I'll assassinate concrete For the G's I'm bleeding the block Boys'll see me on swingers And think it's easy to plot But I bet them boys that's behind me They gonna be beaming up scott Hear me out [Chorus: Chamillionaire] Can't knock the hustle man Don't hate the player hate the game Gotta love it man Catch me flipping gripping grain in the turning lane Trunk on bang Cause it's an underground thing Cause I'm an underground king Artist: Bun B f/ Lyfe Jennings, Young Buck Album: II Trill Song: If I Die II Night Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus 2X: Lyfe Jennings] Ohhhh if a nigga die tonight Make sure I didn't die in vain, and they feel my pain Make sure my niggaz ride for me Or comin up on the side of me, side of me [Bun B] Man I'm a real trill nigga (nigga) I been out on them blocks With them hustlers (hustlers) them dealers (dealers) and killers sellin rocks Put in work in round the clock from when the sun went down 'til it came back up and night came back around (around) I did a lot of shit them late nights for the dough Robbin niggaz on the low (low) laughed at 'em then I go (go) Sometimes it went smooth and nobody got hurt And sometimes I had to leave a nigga's dick up in the dirt I ain't proud of what I did and if I could go back in time (time) I'd try to find another way instead of packin nines Totin K's and holdin macs (macs)  But we know time ain't rollin back and hungry hyenas, they ain't foldin jack So on these cold and black streets, wolves keep huntin And a young black man can lose his life over nothin If I gotta go, please let it be for somethin real Cause this bullshit hood shit is gettin niggaz killed on the real [Bun B] Well if a deal goes dirty or the counts don't match (match) Or if I catch a motherfucker dippin in the back (dippin in the back) Say if a nigga disrespect me or my fam And we take it to the streets and let the guns go blam I don't really give a damn (damn) or really know whatever's gon' come (come) And I'ma represent where I'm from (represent where I'm from) Man I don't wanna die (die) but I ain't scared to (I ain't scared to) Shit I just wanna make sure that I'm prepared to (I'm prepared to) Can't leave without a couple tickets in the stands So my wife, and my momma and my chil'ren got cans (chil'ren got cans) Cause once I'm gone who gon' take care of my kids? (take care of my kids) And do the same thangs for 'em that I did Man I'd rather do a bid (bid) At the least they can see me behind the glass (glass) Instead I'm reminiscin 'bout the past (about the past) Nigga don't know what he got, until he passes on So let him tell 'em that he love 'em 'fore his ass is gone [Young Buck] We trappin hard right across from the graveyard I just pray to God I don't have to work a day job Niggaz gettin robbed so I'm ridin with my A-R They are, not sendin tape what I done paid for (no) Walkin through the bricks on my Jena 6 shit Like if you ain't from around here, you was gettin hit (c'mon) Send a O.G. some flicks, make they time go by quick (hey) You surprised what some pictures in the penitentiary did (yeah) We survived but most of us die for some bullshit Go to church but the devil's standin on the pulpit (damn) Niggaz lied just to kick it (what) swear to God they got a meal ticket Then they call you and they 'bout to get evicted (I know) A Underground King, I've been one ever since I was sixteen (c'mon) Pimp and Bun'll tell you just what Buck mean (what's up) A street nigga livin the street dream, I seen (for sho') My whole team go to the feds or get a hole in the head This what I said (yeah) Artist: Bun B f/ Junior Reid Album: II Trill Song: If It Was Up II Me Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Junior Reid ad libs] [Verse 1 - Bun B] I hear we livin in the last days (days), it's revelation And you best get right with God (God) or else Hell is waitin The world is comin to an end, every day is a storm Or a flood or tsunamis (damn), this shit ain't the norm We got Katrina and Rita, minds keep collapsing With the fires and mud slides, I'm like "what's happening?" Got the kids in the school gettin raped and molested Underfunded, under protected, no wonder they tested In the lowest damn percentage rate (rate) And my city is damn near the lowest in the state (state) You can equate that to the state funds that ain't breakin down right Rich districts get more and poor ones get less and it just don't sound right (nope) So I'm fittin to pound right on the doors of my city hall And kick them hoes down (down), they killin my city y'all We need to get my people back to where they should be And since nobody else gon' do it, it's gon' have to be me, mayne [Chorus - Junior Reid] - w/ ad libs If it was up to me ? the community And if it was up to me You could have ended the war between Tupac and B.I.G And if it was up to me ? China, ? Pimp C If it was up to me ? HIV [Verse 2 - Bun B] First of all the projects is fucked up and it ain't just with the drugs We got more problems than the dealers and thugs They usin lead-based paint and asbestos is killin us We tell them to fix it up but they just ain't feelin us They rather kick us out and tear it down to the ground So they can put up a parking lot, a mall or some condos Condemn the whole place 'cause a few sell crack Shit, the rest ain't do nothin wrong, what the fuck's up with that? They say that one rotten apple can spoil the whole bunch But we talkin about some people not apples, this ain't lunch Make me wanna punch a politician dead in his face You say you represent my district, get yo' ass on the case "Development is good for the hood", yeah that's what you tellin us But bitch you on the payroll of the builders and developers Fuck what you sellin us, pipe dreams for suckers You can take that 'round the corner to them other motherfuckers, mayne [Break - Junior Reid] So much youth they sacrifice Just to live in Paradise Play they tricks and tell they lies (I know-ow) It's sad to see how they treat the poor Have so much and still want more I see my people every day on the floor [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Bun B] It's time to educate the people mayne, free school and college (college) So everybody across the board can get the same knowledge Education leads to jobs (jobs) and jobs kill poverty And no more poverty means we makin money, obviously Everybody gettin money, everybody smilin (smilin) Motherfuckers ain't eatin, then motherfuckers wildin (wildin) Matter fact speakin of eatin, let's feed the homeless in America Let these other folks handle they own shit How I'm a clean your house and mine still dirty? (dirty) How I'm a feed yo' kids while mine sit thirsty? (thirsty) And speakin of the kids we need to spend some more time with 'em Can't turn 'em loose in the streets (why?) 'cause they dyin in 'em (damn) And all this naked head sex, man you trippin Fuck love, I'm lovin life you ain't gon' catch ya boy slippin (slippin) You say ya boy trippin, I'm just keepin it G 'Cause you can see how good the world would be if it was up to me mayne [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Break - Junior Reid] So much youth they sacrifice Just to live in Paradise Play they tricks and tell they lies (I know-ow) Artist: Bun B Album: II Trill Song: Trill Talk Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Bun B] Yo, this song right here Dedicated to the best that ever did it, my little brother Just so the whole world know Man I love you, I miss you, I can't wait to see you again man I know you watchin over me from above man For real, got a real angel lookin out Artist: Bun B f/ Lil' Razah Album: II Trill Song: Angel in the Sky Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Lil' Razah] There's an angel in the sky watchin over me Watchin over me yeahhhh, ooh-ooh-oooooh There's an angel in the sky watchin over me Watchin over me yeahhhh, ooh-ooh-oooooh [Bun B] They say it's always darkest before the dawn (before the dawn) And that you don't know what you got until it's gone (until it's gone) I thought I knew what I had but I was wrong And that's why I gots to write this song, now c'mon (now c'mon) Say man I thought it would of been a long time for us (time for us) And many more years on the grind for us (grind for us) I thought the future held a lot for us both and it was brighter We were super tight but finna be super tighter (super tighter) I guess I just assumed we had more time For us to make more music (music) and write more rhymes (rhymes) But never in my life could I ever have seen that I would ever have to lose the other half of my team (for real) You take away the glitter, the gold and the gleam Say man I wonder to myself what does it all really mean Nothin without the people you love Say man I miss my brother, but I know he's lookin down from above And there's an angel [Bun B] It all began on Shreveport Ave., sittin off in the den Makin beats and puttin paper to pen We was determined to win, and you couldn't tell us different Mama West was cool with it but Monroe kept trippin (he kept trippin) It seems just like yesterday sometimes Sittin in ya bedroom (huh) writin dumb rhymes (man) You makin beats on the insonic (sonic) And we was smokin dirt weed cause it wasn't no chronic (wasn't no chronic) I still remember when we started the crew It was me, Mitchell, Queen, Jamal, Jackson and you Started out as 4BM but then we ended with two That's when we introduced the world to the U to the G to the K, Underground Kings, DJ Byrd Pimp C and Bun B, we kept it G, say word (say word) Who woulda known back in '92 In 2008 I'd have to write a song sayin I miss you but it's true [Bun B] Just for the record let me go ahead and say I love my brother Pimp C and man I miss him every day Yeah my heart still hurts (hurts) and the pain's still fresh (fresh) But I'ma put God first, to keep that pressure off my chest And remind me that I'm blessed to have had him, as a friend (friend) A ride or die homie that was with me 'til the end ('til the end) Real talk, man we was closer than kin And I know, that I'll never have a partner like that again (like that again) So Chad Butler I just want you to know I keep ya memory close, I'm never lettin it go (lettin it go) And they gon' always remember that you was here mayne (mayne) Cause I'ma make 'em remember, that's why I'm here mayne (mayne) Yeah it's still hard (hard) and I still cry (cry) But you and God keep me strong so I'ma still try (try) Reppin this UGK now won't I (huh) Cause through your music you live forever so Trill (Trill) don't die [Lil' Razah] I know your watchin over me Last night I saw you in my dream At the crossroads I'll see you there At the crossroads, I'll see you there My friend, my brother 'til the end Can't wait to see you again Save a place in heaven for me Save a place in heaven for me Artist: Bun B Album: II Trill Song: II Trill Talk Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Bun B] We all love you We miss you Chad Lamont Butler The best that ever did it Still UGK for life! Artist: Bun B Album: II Trill Song: Keep it 100 Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook] "Keep it 100" All day and all night Nigga, any time you see me I'ma keep it super tight I'm an Underground King reppin UGK Don't give a damn what a motherfucker say, I'ma keep it... "Keep it 100" All night and all day Nigga, any time you see me mayne I'm reppin PA This is UGK for life, long live Pimp C And I'ma never let a nigga pimp me, I'ma keep it... "Keep it 100" [Verse 1] Cause it's all that I've ever known All that I've ever been, all that I've ever shown Get your shit together clone, build a better prototype You lookin like a mop (mop), and I'm lookin for a flo' to wipe I heard your album mayne if that's what you call it Another gangster fairytale and for that shit we ain't fallin All you're talkin bout it is slangin, bangin, bussin and ballin But I ain't seen yo scary ass at All Star in New Orleans (All Star at New Orleans nigga) I'm tired mayne this shit is gettin older than Moses Pussy niggas always poutin with poses But mayne all it really shows is how hard you ain't A nigga bust yo ass in the mouth, you probably faint Not from the power of the punch but the shock (but the shock) Cause you a coward and niggas gon' devour your lunch A bunch of niggas done tried (tried) but ain't too many done it like me It's Bun B'der, a G, and I'ma keep it 100 [Hook] [Verse 2] Cause that's exactly what the trill do Ain't nobody tellin me what I won't or I will do If I don't feel you, you lucky that I don't kill you Leave you leakin till you moult in your meal dude, for real dude I got the skill to, don't make me have to show it Cause it'll be over before you know it You get one shot and I suggest you don't blow it If I do it, I overdo it, reap that you gon' sew it (you reap that you gon' sew it) I'm a revolutionary black fister You fuckin with fire, fuck around and get a blister I fuck with a father, then fuck around and hit a sister Underground King motherfucker, call me Mister (Mister what?) Kilogram, Mister Woodgrain, Mister Brick (brick) And unless you the misses, get of the mister dick (dick) Cause this the shit that have these motherfuckers runnin for the hills From the King of the Trill, cause I keep it 100 [Hook] [Verse 3] Cause nowadays motherfuckers lie (lie) Some to your face, some can't even look you in the eye (eye) Some in this place, some just left and some is comin by (by) A little later (later) probably a little hater (hater) And they gon' still debate us (bate us) try to prove they the greatest And they still gon' be wronger than fuck, so holler later I'm leavin, I'm not a waiter (waiter), but I'll end up servin you They try to step up to the likes of me, why the nerve of you (the nerve of you) Well I never and I do declare I'm bout to fuck the game up so it's best you prepare (best you prepare) Put on your fear cause I finna be spittin (finna be spittin) That hot fire so you better bring mittens (better bring mittens) Cause youse a pussy and yo partner is kittens I do him and when I'm done he'll be like no he didn't Get your toilet paper nigga cause I finna be shittin Diuretic on haters with no quitin and I'ma keep it 100 [Hook] Artist: Bun B f/ Mike Jones, Slim Thug Album: II Trill (Best Buy) Song: City of the Swang Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com {*X2 - second time screwed*} Bun B: 		City of the swang, swang 			Pop your trunk and bang, bang Slim Thug: 	City of the swang, swang 			Pop your trunk and bang Bun B: 		City, city, swang, swang 			Pop your, pop your trunk and bang, bang Mike Jones: 	Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane [Bun B] I'm from the city of the swangs, mayne the land of the stains This is Candy Paint County (county), I'm known as the game Where them trunks on bang (bang), the candy paint drip (drip) The trunk knock and bang and the grain gettin gripped You come down here on the trip - don't let the wrong words slip Cause them heaters on they hip will leave your Levi's ripped This is H-Town baby (man), the rockets, the Texans And the strobes so you hoes best not come down here flexin (down here flexin) Boys think we on some country Alabama shit (bama shit) Till that hammer spit and you or your man are hit (hold up) So watch your manners cause we packin them bananas For you boys actin monkey - we can go and make it funky From the 5th ward, 4th ward, acres to the tray Southside to the West, all the way to BA (hey) The sixteen slidin, fifty-nine flippin (flippin) Forty-five flossin and nineteen tippin in the City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane, lane {*Screwed*} City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang City, city, swang, swang Pop your, pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane, turnin lane [Mike Jones talking over screwed section] Aaaaaaay Corey Mo you a fool for this one homie OG Bun, I see ya baby [Mike Jones] I'm the city of the candy paint, city of the swang Ice Age and team, yeah we run the game I got my eighty-fours tippin, wood grain I'm grippin I'm swayin lane to lane with my pinky ring glistenin And on my H-Town set, all my cars I wet Me, Paul and Slim Thug made em give us our respect Can't forget about Chamillionaire, my boy Lil' Flip It you hatin on H-Town, *Motherfucker eat a dick* Scarface and Rap-A-Lot, yeah they opened up the doors Now we lettin the world know how we roll eighty-fours Scarface and Rap-A-Lot, yeah they opened up the doors Now we lettin the world know how we roll eighty-fours If you ever in my city chillin on a Sunday night Come to club Ice Age and Mike Jones will have you right If you ever in my city chillin on a Sunday night Come to club Ice Age and Mike Jones will have you right I'm from the city of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane {*Screwed*} I'm from the city of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang City, city, swang, swang Pop your, pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin you in the turnin lane, turnin lane [Slim Thug] {Slim Thugger motherfucker!} I'm from the city of the swang, grain grippers and the sippers Candy slab flippers choppin boys like clippers Gotta represent my town so I'm ridin top down (top down) With the trunk in the air showin off my surround H-Town niggas roll hard on the board I be up in your hood and drive all in your yard (what?) Blue boy boss still reppin that Texas (Texas) Ain't shit changed, badge still on my necklace (I know you see it) You know Thugger, I'ma spit the game how it go (yeah) I'm on the stairs swangin slow with the music low (yeah) Them makers on the greens point back to the fo' (what's up) 5th Ward got my back, you already know (you already know) South West, no Thugger ain't got plexed (what's up West?) It's H-Town till they put me to rest I'm from the city of the swang (swang), pop trunk and bang (bang) Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane mayne City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane, lane {*Screwed*} City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang, bang City of the swang, swang Pop your trunk and bang City, city, swang, swang Pop your, pop your trunk and bang, bang Don't let me catch you slippin when you in the turnin lane, turnin lane Artist: Bun B f/ Bulletproof, Chino XL, Killer Mike Album: II Trill (Best Buy) Song: Some Hoes Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Hook: Bun B] I done listened to your music and watched your videos (eos) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You fakin on the TV and frontin at your shows (ows) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas is some hoes (hoes), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You keep on disrespectin it, we kick it in your domes (domes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) [Verse 1: Bun B] Wake up in the mornin, I turn on the TV What do I see? Some pussy ass niggas starin at me They got some big ass chains on with big ass rocks A couple niggas standin behind em throwin up blocks They claimin they whip pots, got the streets on lock And they don't take no disrespect and keep their heats on cock And if they punch you in your face then some teeth gon drop Man I don't know where the fuck y'all thinkin that we from at But you niggas is keystone cops, laurel and hearted Little rascals tryna be big, just gon fuck up the party Thinkin that cause you drink a couple of fortys and twist phillys (phillys) That y'all is bout to take over the game, bitch really? (bitch really?) You goin broke tryna slang that crack And you only gon fight a nigga that ain't gon fight back And that's wack, they don't get you no damn props You niggas is sheeps in wolves clothing and I eat lamb chops, c'mon [Hook: Bun B] I done listened to your music and watched your videos (eos) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You fakin on the TV and frontin at your shows (ows) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas is some hoes (hoes), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You keep on disrespectin it, we kick it in your domes (domes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) [Verse 2: Bulletproof] {What it do? Teflon!} Say Bun what's wrong wit em? They must be full of that when they hit it A sucker wit the semi, bet he run right when he hear me His niggas masqueradin, faker than silicone A bad apple in the bunch, now we figure your city foldin Homie, I'm from street po, I know how to dish a clip at you Wouldn't you? Break wit em, a webster's permission slip Pimp said it best, these niggas transcript writers Pathological liars, sad suckers, dick biters It's Teflon biatch, knock you out them Reeboks A cocaine key, but he only flipped three blocks Blow your brain all over the ceiling like sheet rock I bet he get to ya, take a fader to a T top We hot, Rap-A-Lot and Maab, don't get shot hoe Cappin at your show, don't even know what you got shot fo And next show, you hoe ass niggas squarin some rocks Get some money, move out the hood but don't take care of your block? [Hook: Bun B] I done listened to your music and watched your videos (eos) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You keep on disrespectin it, we kick it in your domes (domes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) [Verse 3: Chino XL] These niggas is hoes on King's life, Chino is livin it Jesus Christ is sewing me for copy write infringement Ignorant bully belligerent, tearin out ya ligaments So I deserve a certificate for thinkin up this killer shit Arrogant, I'm like a Pharaoh standin on a pyramid UGK tat on my heart, hopin Bun's enemies hearin this Y'all ain't sellin nothin right (serious) The only bricks y'all ever seen was your record sales and when you pass a construction site These rhymes that I write, if you could bring em to life They could go in a cage and fight and knock out Kimble Slice I live by the gun, die by the gun Just to get closer to heaven with Pimp C and Big Pun This is Latin history in the making for trill title takings Like taking the love of Bob Marley from a Jamaican Y'all faking but for Bun B we will ride until our heart stops The success make me smile like TV Tego and Bankrock I catch you popping champagne, chop it to your brain Just for thinking outside of the Bun like Taco Bell's campaign [Hook: Bun B] I done listened to your music and watched your videos (eos) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You keep on disrespectin it, we kick it in your domes (domes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) [Verse 4: Killer Mike] Think you get it with Killer then sucker have a dick I'ma take your funky breath like an asthmatic Damn tragic how I got your momma shot before her damn casket I ain't talkin head bussin, I'm just talking rap battlin See that was a metaphor, but just in case you really want it What you think the metal for? I hope you pussy niggas get the point I don't care who point it out when my laser on a point Rest in peace to Pimp C cause that nigga had a point Point 1, rappers act gay and dress like it too Point 2, niggas greedy and they never feed their crew Point 3, niggas cower to these crackers like some hoes But always talkin bout what they-a do after their shows Point 4, just some shit I gotta get offa my chest I ain't scared to battle him but he say that he the best Got a question for my trill ass Gs around the way How you let these fuck boys make it cool to be gay? [Hook: Bun B] I done listened to your music and watched your videos (eos) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You fakin on the TV and frontin at your shows (ows) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas is some hoes (hoes), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) You keep on disrespectin it, we kick it in your domes (domes) You niggas ain't trill (trill), you niggas is some hoes (hoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Raheem DeVaughn Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Still on the Grind Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pimp C] Steady long, steady wrong nigga Check one-two one-two one-two bitch Tony Snow, know'm talkin 'bout? Jack Tripper, "Three's Company" hoe Percy Mack, Sweet Jones, check it out [Pimp C] Uhh, I stay on the grind, fuckin hoe defined Get ten all the time, lay my life on the line Sippin, smokin 'dro, pimp dick on yo' hoe Legs are on the stove, P-I-M-P on the low Gators swangin out, swangers hangin out Never bangin, I got work I slang it out Keep a yellow pro, and a brown horse And a squad too, I'm the player's choice [Bun B] So pimpin save your voice, hold your breath, shut your lip Hoe you can't handle Bun and you can't fuck with Pimp We like surf and turf, they call us steak and shrimp Know we shake and lames are famous but make it simp' Trillest ever born, G'est ever built Fuck with us you'll be the deadest hoes ever killed Live from the corner, direct from the hood via satellite bitch, we the Kingz grippin wood and it's good [Raheem DeVaughn] Hey, if you a hustler, it ain't easy Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh And we're still, still Still on the grind Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh Yes we're still, we're still We're still, still on the grind [Pimp C] Uhh, I keep candy girls, big dick in they world Messin up they curl, bowlin ball paper swirl Gotta trap it white, baller candy bike I don't light it though; get too high, stay too low I live by the code, extra credit mode Fuckin with that prince I keep a bankroll Livin by the land, P.A. by the C Any nigga fuck with Bun he gon' die by me I'm my brother's keeper, not no movie shit My life is a film, I'm on some groovy shit I ain't Smoochie bitch, make girls do this dick Rich or tongue-in-cheek, bitch you's a +Super Freak+ Bitch my name ain't Rick, bitch you think you slick Askin me for rent, you better find a trick I ain't payin, you need to be payin me Pussy a dime a dozen but the dick ain't free [Raheem DeVaughn] Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh Yeah we're still, said we're still, still Still on the grind Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh And we're still, still, still, still Still on the grind [Bun B] UGK back in the game, bringin that crack and the 'caine Swervin 'Llac in the lane, swangers click-clack in the gang We paper stack in the game (game) what you lack in the game Solid foundation, my nigga, no cracks in the frame (frame) Bun B, that be the name, P.A.T. that be the town (town) You see fingers up, that mean that haters down (down) And G that is the code, big body slab is the load (load) We get throwed, we the shit nigga, ask the commode We get skeptic mayne when shit get hectic mayne Roll with the trill, we don't deal with the skeptics mayne Bring it on record mayne, what you expected mayne (uhh) Bun and Pimp is back so just respect it mayne (yeah) We affected the game (game) we are not gonna change (change) Scrap with lames it go brrrap-brrrap at your brain (brain) We insane singin licks with them bricks 36 in the mix with no tricks, get a fix for your cliques [Raheem DeVaughn] Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh Said we still, every day We still, still on the grind Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh We still, we still, every day We still, still on the griiiiind Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh We still, we still, hoooo Still on the griiiiind, griiiiind Da, da, do-dahhhhh Da, da, do-dahhhhhhhh Said we on the grind, we on the grind Still on the grind The grind, the grind The grind, still on the grind UGK for liiiiife The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Everybody Wanna Ball Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pimp C] Everybody wanna ball, everybody wanna ball Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall Everybody wanna ball, everybody wanna ball Everybody wanna ball, nigga I can't fuck witch'all [Pimp C] Uhhh; I'm still smokin out, po'in up, puttin dick up in yo' slut Niggaz look I'm sayin "What," hustlin not in a rut Gettin down on the grind, puttin meat up in they spine Young girl lookin fine, comin back with the whole nine Grip the 'llac, do the track, young go there off the map Hit the sack, drop seven grams, watch it bubble back All heart, never fraud, only trustin in the Lord Never in no man mouth; represent the whole South Everybody wanna be the boy gettin rich (rich) Everybody wanna have a bad ass bitch (bitch) Everybody want a 'llac, wanna blow the doja sack Everybody wanna come through with the full pack [Chorus: Pimp C] Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all Everybody wanna ball, everybody wanna ball Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall Everybody wanna ball, everybody wanna ball Everybody wanna ball, nigga I can't fuck witch'all [Bun B] I'm the king pullin the strings, the man behind the man And the trillest, swear to it, with Bible in my hand Represent it for the G's (and who?) the real trill fellas And the hood's the barrio (what?) even the {?} tried to tell us we couldn't do it, don't even try They almost had me believin that shit, I won't even lie I had to look 'em in they eye to see the hate in they heart See everybody can't love you mayne, they just playin they part (for real) I was taught to play my position and wait for my shot And win the game, blow the spot, fuck who like it or not You can't please everybody (no) you might as well please you And keep it 100 with yourself, just like the G's do (like the G's do) [Pimp C] Uhhhh; everybody wanna have a platinum ass dick (dick) Or a gold ass pussy, don't you wanna break a trick? (trick) Don Magic Juan told me to stay true (true) It's all about the green, not the red or the blue (blue) The lean, flat screens and the disc say Screw (Screw) Leanin on a switch (switch) pressin on ya bitch (bitch) You don't put no gun to your brother head, nigga Don't put your rubber on like you're squeezin a trigger On your swipe, shine bright, in the dark or the light VVS prime cut, 92 karats, I'm right In the prong set link chain, grippin on the woodgrain Young girls suckin on my dick like it's a chicken wang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Feelin' You Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pimp C – singing] I got the feelin that I Got the feelin I (keep feelin you) I got the feelin that I Got the feelin I (keep feelin you) I got the feelin that I Got the feelin I (keep feelin you) I got the feelin that I Got the feelin for you [Bun B] Well hold up, look how baby just rolled up Coogi jeans on with the back sides twole{?} up She make playa straight slow up Say man this girl is a dime from head to toe and from the flo' up She make a drink, kid not even wanna po' up Take his all money to the mall and buy the sto' up Never a flaw when she show up These other broads hatin on her, if they sick they need to throw up She got class and panache with precision Picture perfect in my vision and I done made a decision That I'm tired of wishin, get down with the Bun and Pimp and you could roll with the playas on the million dollar mission, c'mon [Pimp C] Uhh, hey mama, I'ma tell you what the deal is I like your style, I like how you handle your business You ain't out here trippin chasin boys in showbiz You're confident, you out here puttin it down for yo' kids I don't care 'bout no nigga, he don't concern me He ain't teachin you nothin, you need to learn me Check out my mind, I'm 24 on the grind I got the key to the streets, I got a open line And I don't get caught up in "he say, she say" And I don't chase the cat, I keep the P play I wouldn't holla if I ain't thought you was ready boo I know you feelin me, cause girl I'm feelin you [Pimp C - singing] Ooh baby (ooh baby) Ooh baby (oh baby) Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up now [Bun B] Yeah she a bad mamma-jamma, a brick, house Still I fits, out, cause she thick, stout With the feminine fat, in all the right places She look me in my eyes and she make all the right faces Cause she's a real catch, we make a tough pair A true dynamic duo and we up there We sittin tall at the top And if she ride or die for me playa I'ma give her all that I got I break her off and not, let her hold the keys I don't take her out of town, man I take her overseas It ain't trickin if you spend it on your lady Bring the bacon home to baby and everything'll be gravy Just let me know if that's soundin like a plan Cause all you really need to change your life is the man And you appealin to the King of the Trill and I just wanna know if you're feelin me like I'm feelin, you [Pimp C - singing] Ooh baby (ooh baby) Ooh baby (oh baby) Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Ron Isley Album: UGK 4 Life Song: The Pimp & The Bun Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Bun B] Say UGK shit just ain't that solo shit Nigga this, that Bun B Pimp C shit nigga [Bun B] Well it's the Pimp and the Bun, we back in the game It's the Kingz of the Underground (ground) remember the name? I tell you niggaz got fat (fat) while Pimpin was gone Now you fixin to cough it up, yo' ass was dead wrong So it's best that you head home (why?) bitches the lead's blown then half of yo' head's gone, we'll be buyin yo' headstone From the land where the Feds roam (for real) bleeders done bled strong while they packin that infrared so break bread and just get gone with them jazzy red-bones (bones) roam just like cattle (cattle) That's where you find them gangstas ridin tall in the saddle (saddle) Can't fuck with P-I-M-P or that B-U-N You thought that UGK went away bitch but here we go again [Chorus: Ron Isley] Here we go againnnnnn (ohh, here we go) Here we go againnnnnn - thought what we had was over Here we go againnnnnn (ohh) Here we go againnnnnn [Pimp C] It's the Bun and the Pimp (Pimp) steak and the shrimp (shrimp) Got my name cross the sky in a blimp It's UGK, I keep a trunk full of yay (yay) Swisha full of good (good) Robert Davis in my deck (deck) diamonds up against the wood (wood) I was gone for a minute, hoes tried to steal my dream Bun B kept it poppin fo' years back on the scene Got mo' better hoes now (now) boatload of money Think my belly got a cold cause my paint's so runny I'm so cool to the shit, nigga I'm certified Lookin yellow sad bitches and niggaz off in they eyes (eyes) You don't wanna see the Pimp free gettin paper (uhh) Here we go again, fuck the law, fuck the haters [Bun B] Now what's up with the tough talkin? What's goin on with the cappin? What's happenin with all that "I'm runnin the game" and you're rappin? You musta realized you the porter, I'm the captain of this vessel (yeah) Suggest to gettin out, commence to steppin Reppin niggaz like a gear-o, the game need a hero Not another fake-ass Pacino or wannabe De Niro A real pistolero bandito that's "muy malo" A certified from {?} sick artist to The Apollo That's mo', ghetto than Rollo, ask around, take a census of fingers pointin back to the brothers in matchin Benzes We don't need no mo' friends (friends) got enough as it is (is) Cause we all about the biz bitch so here we go again [Pimp C] Now what you know about it bitch? It's +UGK 4 Life+ (life) A pistol to your Hilfiger, dick up in your wife Got the pound pump for three, cause you know I just pay one Nine past half hoes got ten then did none Man you know we got the {?} mention {?} goin for five I'ma step on that bitch twice, still spray water to your eyes When you hit it with the soda it's gon' bubble up and rise Got no cheese to get me up out this bitch, I'm goin lie Still signed to Jive, I'm Rap-A-Lot mafia (uhh) Trill Entertainment perfect, no it ain't no stoppin us UGK Records is an institution {?} freed the Pimp, it's goin down in Houston [Ron Isley] Ohh here we go - baby, woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: UGK 4 Life Song: She Luv It Typed by: eddiej55@live.com [Pimp C] Hold Up And She Luv it And She Luv it [Pimp C: Hook (2x)] I make her get down on a dime, Open up the store Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor [Pimp C: Verse] I can feel you putting my dick inside your mouth Trying to fit my whole dick and nuts inside your mouth I'm jumping in and out your pussy trying to stretch it out When I hit you from the back you say don't pull it out (Out, OUt) And that nigga that you live with ain't like me Ain't from Atlanta but I know these hoes like me They pulling on my zipper wanna bite me I got a bitch from Oakland like to get hyphe In the bed with her head in a jib Eating on my dick like its some corn or a barbeque rib Drop it to the floor, let me fuck with you Get the camera out, bitch I'm finna take some pictures [Pimp C: Hook (2x)] I make her get down on a dime, Open up the store Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor [Bun B: Verse] She's a big fine something ain't she, with that big ass Bet you she can grind something can't she, she shake it fast Shake it slow, To and Fro, Back and Forth, Up and Down That apple bottom clowning it ain't fucking around She got a (?) on, Been kinda tight Real stuck on that backside, It's looking kind of right With the juicy tank top and a loop of ten heels All bullshit aside, she looking ready to kill But when I say kill, I mean murder the cock I'm talking beating the pussy up while the headboards knock She ain't watching the clock, ain't finna answer the phone Cause Bun Beata got that dick that put your cheek in a zone [Pimp C: Hook (2x)] I make her get down on a dime, Open up the store Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor Bun B: verse These hoes loving the living, I'm giving all they can take These hoes living for loving, I'm shoving dick til' they break Put your feet in the sky, bring your knees to your chest Grab a hold to the sheets bitch, and I'ma do the rest Get to pressing on your pink, gripping on your soft To the side, take a ride, From the back I break you off [Pimp C: verse] I want some pussy and some navel and some ass and some mouth I ain't fucking for me bitch, I'm fucking for the whole south Show me what you working with, bitch what you got I really wanted to fuck but hoe you went and shaved your cock A bald head pussy ain't shit, got them razer bumps bitch Grow some hair and get legit [Pimp C: Hook (2x)] I make her get down on a dime, Open up the store Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor (And She Luv It) Slide down slow she getting down on the floor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: 4 Life Song: 7th Street Interlude Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C] UHH, stayin on the grind, I've been down for mine Steady pushin white at 16 Fuckin hoes that's fine, smokin on the kine Used to mixed the wine with the lean Now we sip soda wit the barre, twenty inch blades on the car Choppin on the road, blowin on the dro Shinin in the sun like a star You can't stay rich if you a bitch 'cause hoes can't hold no bread Fuck two million, niggaz need a daddy Other pussy niggaz just scared Tell yo' bitch to lemme get some head You ain't no pimp, I knew you was a clone I already hit, nigga, it ain't shit, nigga  I done left yo' bitch alone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Swishas & Erb Typed by: eddiej55@live.com [Sleepy Brown:Hook (2x)]  Don't wanna be disturbed I got my swishas & erb Sipping lean, Smoking on some pine Gurl I'm Pimping, Got money on my mind Game is crazy, niggaz gazy, I got heavy fire (?) put one on it Bitch it's still five [Hook (2x)] [Bun B] You know Bun B the business street soulja in the trenches Frontline coming down on twenty four inches Dope boys hanging on the corners and the benches Saying it's a drout so it's plenty of heat pinches Boy, used to come up from the rags to the riches Plush lifestyle with the bad ass bitches But now its like the game is full of nothing but some snitches And wanna be gangsters thats scared to put'em in ditches FED's taking pictures so the cameras go click And video rolling while I'm holding my dick They follow me around like they doing they job But while you watching me how many people getting robbed Lets keep it trill cause we already know, What it already is and how it already go Thats why we chop blades coming down real slow Pop trunks, swang, riders slam cadillac door Pass the swisha lets blow [Hook (2x)] [Sleepy Brown] Before we get started, Every body roll up one for Pimp C Before we go any further, Take yo lighter light it up for me Now lets go (lets go), Now lets go (lets go) And all the girls get down on the floor (on the floor) Throw your money in the air and let'em know (let'em know) Throw your money in the air and let'em know (let'em know) I'm whipping big wheels (wheels), Whipping big wheels (wheels) Hope your drink don't spill whipping big wheels (wheels) Tell me how you feel (feel), Tell me how you feel (feel) Put the (?) on the lady on my side And if you all down for me, Put your hands in the air raise'em up for Pimp C And if you all down with me, Put your hands in the air raise'em up for Pimp C [Hook (2x)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Big Gipp Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Purse Come First Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pimp C] Already bitch Trunk full of yay bitch, P.A. to H-Town nigga Get on yo' money motherfucker It's really goin down in the South Sweet Jones biatch! [Chorus 2X: Pimp C] (Uhh) Flippin and dippin, sippin and grain grippin Watch him lie through my rearview mirror, I ain't trippin I done rolled with the best and acted bad in the worst Dick is a commodity bitch the purse come first [Pimp C] They say they with animals, my mouth is perverse Ain't overstandin us nigga, my life ain't rehearsed Ain't no rewind button like DVD They never show the real neighborhood on TV (TV) Ours ain't prison and "The Wire" ain't dope President is the supplier, government got all the coke Wouldn't depend on Noriega is it wasn't for no Reagan (Reagan) While all the Christian holidays the same day as the Pagans (as the Pagans) I look like this, I don't talk it, I make 'em think I'm dumb I keep dick out they eyes, don't see where I'm cummin/comin from I lay between thighs, she put it in her mouth and hum Life is a pussy motherfucker, I'm gon' get me some [Bun B] Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane (plane) No it's just another drone spyin on us mayne (mayne) It's a new world order, at least that's what I read (read) And big brother is watchin, I just heard somebody said Jesus was married to Mary (Mary) and they both had a kid (kid) And it's a piece of history that the Catholic church hid (hid) Man fuck the Da Vinci code, fuck Illuminati~! Only secret society is Rap-A-Lot and John Gotti (Gotti) This Halliburton contracts and war profiteerin (teerin) With Cheney on the board, is you motherfuckers hearin? (hearin) They send us off to war, kill our kids and got paid to America, open yo' eyes (for real) these niggaz played you (man) And played me too, shit I pay taxes (taxes) They let these bitches wage war against the evil axis (axis) Pull up all the e-mails, memos and the faxes (faxes) So we can really see what all the facts is, you bastards [Big Gipp] Yea, yea, yea "Now where ya been Gipp?" Gonnnne 'round the world with Nelly Leave it up in her jelly, swisha sweet we blowin smelly We don't blog, we don't surf, we don't search neither We don't trust, we don't pass, we just touch people We hit 'em three times, ain't lyin/line like Adidas Surrounded by killers and dealers and club geekers Summertime, Dapper Dan, candy ridin coupes Wintertime, snow suits with the Louie boots See the purse came first, the love came later The pussy got wet and captain D came greater I do it for the Bun and I do it for the Pimp For the hustlers and the gangstas doin time behind the fence The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Lil Boosie, Webbie Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Harry Asshole Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pimp C] Got a young brown stallion and she 20 years old When she pop it from the back you see the hairy asshole Got a young red stallion and she 20 years old When she pop it from the back you see the hairy asshole Got a young yellow stallion and she 20 years old When she pop it from the back you see the hairy asshole Got a young white stallion and she 20 years old When she pop it from the back you see the hairy asshole [Pimp C] Uhhh; you can shave off your pussy, you can wax your shit smooth But if you do bitch then my dick'll never move You hoes in the game but you bitches is lame because you don't know the score - you a stupid ass hoe I'ma show you what's the deal, you need a fo' inch cone So you can get your money right, get your fuckin paper on Cause the tricks in the street, they wanna bury they piece in a whole bunch of hands, eat a bitch derriere +Pimps Up, Hoes Down+ like the fuckin movie says All these other motherfuckers talkin down them bitches dead I'ma show you what time it really is in the South Young girls gettin paid puttin dicks in they mouth You can suck on my nut but you ain't never gon' break me Cause these other motherfuckers don't know they can't shake me I'm the real, you a motherfuckin faker I got these bitches on the tracks sellin tricks they money-maker [Bun B] Well it's Big Bun Beada A.K.A. ya big daddy Comin down in the big body Benz or the Caddy I'm smokin on the fatty, filled up with the good Grippin on the grain drippin stains in the hood The leather and the wood, pretty lady made of chrome Comin down on the poles, gettin my shine on So when you see me leanin on the buck with the stitch Hide yo' hoe, cause I'm probably finna fuck wit'cha bitch So when I bend the corner with my playa ass persona Put my pimpin game up on her, guarantee ya she's a goner Easy for you to get her but it's harder to keep When that real pimpin hits yo' boulevard on the creep Now nigga you can beat 'em or put dope in they nose But see it won't even matter, I'm finna scatter wit'cha hoes Don't hate the playa, hate the game, you know how it goes Now go on and keep it pimpin and send me the bitch clothes [Webbie] Ay let me get on this one, this my kind of music You heard me? Well excuse me, let me introduce me This champeezy got me leanin in here like a G Every time I come to P.A., I hook up with B And we smash up the H-Town for some bad B's Purple trees so believe I'ma get my chief on 20 thousand dollar mink, they thought I was Sweet Jones Red-bone, pretty thong, she done got me feelin on A milli' strong, clear as stones, man a nigga really on! [Lil Boosie] I got a bad yellow bitch, when she bust it back it's pink Her pussy hair softer then the feathers on my mink Fresh out of school, ball up in this, young and super fine Taught her how to rub my nuts when I fuck her from behind I ain't lyin, she a dime and she be 'round all them bad hoes She like it when I rub my hands cross her asshole Pretty brown, pretty face, pretty toes She a stallion and she stay on all fo's lookin back at me [Chorus] + "asshole" echoes to the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ 8Ball & MJG, B-Legit, E-40 Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Used to Be Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus 2X: Pimp C] I used to be the smallest nigga, now I'm the big ballin nigga {*3X*} Comin down grippin wood, keepin these motherfuckin bitches callin nigga [Pimp C] I used to be the small nigga, now I'm candy crawlin nigga Bag ain't right catch you on the next pack nigga Yo' shit ain't locked when ya hit it with the soda Everybody else with the same stamp got A-1 yola Bitch, who taught you how to cook food? The next time we both gon' drop seven in a pot fool I bet I come back with 29 Bitch Snow blow up - make the dope fiends flow up [Bun B] It's all about the ducks mayne, the stash spot tucked mayne A hundred packs stacked inside my Cadillac truck mayne It came from cross the border, I bring 'em cross the state line And if they catch me wit 'em I ain't fin' to do no state time But see I'm trill, if they get me I'ma take mine And you ain't fin' to hear about me talkin through the grapevine Fifty-fo' and shit poppin didn't go P.C. It's +UGK 4 Life+ bitch, that's on G.P. [E-40] Oooh; reppin and retrievin, hustlin, dollar danglin Pockets used to be leakin, but now my pockets hangin I came in the game with a prayer and a wish and a hope and a dream tryin to do my thing with a digital beam and a mayonnaise jar and a razor blade and an ounce of cream Posted on magazine when I'm in 14, servin them fiends in the middle of the night Tryin to get my money right, gettin my dick sucked in the broad daylight Clockwork, work around the clock, by myself when I go clock Roosters, chickens, geeses, hawks, on the block goin block for block [B-Legit] I used to be the smallest of ballers but now I'm taller It's a shame what that 'caine and that soda did with that water Ask your mother or your father, your sister or either daughter or them ballin ass pimpin ass niggaz from Port Arthur I'm a starter, I go harder, mix the soft in the pot Hit the hood, up to no good with jugs and whatnot All gas, no brakes, no shake, just rocks Been gettin gooder with a gang of chocks, it don't stop [8Ball] Ghetto superstar, with candy on my car Apple cranberry juice mixed with the bar 28 inches in the air we are Two pimp niggaz in the area With them P.A. niggaz, Rap-A-Lot mob Salute to the president and I don't mean Barack Fire up the sticky, let the champagne pop And the big thick yellows to they knees best drop [MJG] Yeah I used to be the smallest, now I'm tallest on the yard I'm straight up hard, I'm smilin like Bob I'm pimp tight~! MJ, act like you done heard of Mister mind my own business, I'm the lesbian converter It's brains at the top, at the bottom assholes I done grew into a whale, from a fuckin tadpole I ain't playin, I can look, y'all mean straight face I'm back like Kobe Bryant after rape case; boy! [Bun B] You lookin at a nigga that went from puppy to dog From tadpole to frog, from pig to a motherfuckin hog I be smokin on a swisha, that's bigger than a log And makin up a batch that's as creamy as eggnog The Feds log every move that I make So I keep on switchin clothes, switchin cars, switchin plates They ride behind me undercover in the Rover I cross over four lanes of traffic to fuck them hoes over - hol' up [Pimp C] Most drug dealers doin life in the pen Or spend they last 90,000 on a droptop Benz Uhh, and I'm a Trill representer I pray every night that I still +Ride Dirty+, I'm a sinner If he try me I'll leave his shit on his lunch kit Sometimes I wonder how I got off in this fuck shit Then I look around at the cars and the clothes and the jewels and hoes Ain't no secret, it's all exposed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Snoop Dogg, Too $hort Album: UGK 4 Life Song: Steal Your Mind Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C- Intro] Churrrch... Say playa, ay manye This Pimp C, mayne Ya bitch just got peeled, mayne I gotcha hoe, mayne Look here, mayne Is you gon' gimme the bitch clothes or we gon' have to go to war around this bitch Hol' up, church-y CHOSE [Pimp C] I'm never gon' give a black eye to the game (gaaaame) True to the code, real pimp, never lame (lame) Niggaz say I'm fraud (fraud) and not a real mack (mack) Word to the pimp god, I don't hit you niggaz striaght If I did, it's cross-country with his face in his mind (miiind) Two from his rare, 40-hoe dime (40-hoe dime) If yo' bitch already chose from the CD and the cover In the liner, 'bout the hoe fuckin on top of the cover I stole yo' bitch, 'cause you not a good guuuuuy You cain't control her body, if you cain't control her mind (miiiind, miiiind) ...That was a line from "The Mack" If you LOSE all the bitches, you can have the hoe back (You can have the hoe back, hoe back, you can have the hoe back...) {man with a dark and demon-like voice} Now listen here, Bun... Chad... You gotta get these hoes..  and you gotta break 'em like they NEVER been broke befo' You gotta get inside they mind 'cause once you got they mind, you control their body And once you got the body - YOU GOT IT ALL... [Bun B] She was a pretty young thang, 21 years old with a mouth made of gold and a platinum pussy hole (hole) Blind as an owl, made it fresh off the bus (bus) She lookin for a dream, but she just met us (us) You wanna meet a star, baby, don't look in the sky (sky) It's three right in front of you: me, myself & I (I) You ask me the truth and I'ma tell you no lie This is Playa International, but call it P.I. (I) Now anywhere you wanna go, baby I could take ya Anyone you wanna be, baby I can make ya Whitney or Mariah or, Be-yon-cé But you cain't have a husband or a fi-an-cé No boyfriends, niggaz or, live-in-lovers Fuck ya baby daddy's mama, daddy, sisters and, brothers If ya let me in, once, I'ma never let go And that's how you steal her mind and make a top, notch, hoe [Snoop Dogg] (What's hap'nin?) ...This ol' manye holla at me, hit me wit some 'Frisco game Umm, he said, 'It's yo' thang Man, you doin that, pimpin boy you did yo' thang" So, I'm doin my thang, spit my game  I keep my hoes in candy canes Look in the mirror, say it twice  Yeah bitch, I'm Candymanye Takin ya mind, makin you mine  Put you wit the Dogg - yeah And have you fuckin wit a team full of ball players I'm talkin NBA, and the NFL Girl, I'm major with this shit, I got clientele I know the presidents, CEOs' and managers Get this money for me, let the Boss Dogg manage ya Real pimpin in the motherfuckin house That's what the bih'ness is, FOOL whatchu talkin bout? I know you fuckin wit me boo, tell pimpin he's a mark You should came and sell some pussy for the Dogg After Dark Woof, woof, woof, woof.... [Bun B - interlude] (Pimp C) Say mayne, what I can never understand, playa, is.. How these broads can go out, man, in a pourin rain and, freezin cold, man, and.. y'know ahhh.. wit nuthin on, man ah-and-and-and sell they bodies to these tricks man and put themselves in a position to get, g-get beat or-ah-ah raped, or-ah even KILLED, man, and take this money and, all this money they make and bring it back to these niggaz man (Aww, that's cuz ya pimpin, CHUUCH~!)  Oh, I'm not talkin 'bout me, man, I'm talkin bout them other niggaz [Too $hort] And that's real, from the big cities to the small towns You can find 'em everywhere, that's why I move all around Yeah, she's a fine thang, she ain't heard my game Make ME ya man and I'll expand ya whole mindframe I sell, whole lotta things she never heard before I'm doin the mack real fast, I'm makin HER my whore - BEEEITCH~! I call the plays, I'm not fazed but when I look in her eyes, this bitch is amazed I'm all nonchalant, and she's so excited It's that Pimpin Incorperated, that P.I. shit I change ya life, bitch! You never liked it Usta be, broke as hell, now you drive a fly whip Chose on a real one, who laced you with the fame, girl Feels like a dream, don't it? Ain't even a same world All you gotta do is, everything I say I'll be ya daddy and ya man, I'll never let you get up on it (let you get up on it, let you get up on it...) [Snoop Dogg - Outro] Yeah...  Steal ya mind, beyotch~! Pimp C, rest in peace... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: 4 Life Song: Texas Ave. Interlude Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun B] PA is the town,w here it's goin down Westside to the east, it's off the chain (chain) I'm bangin my surrounds, swangin on these clowns Candy paint is driippin, leavin stains (stains) You see the diamonds grippin on the grain (grain) Chrom-ed lady sittin on the grill (grill) Leanin down the fifth, smokin on a piff Drop the top and let 'em see the trill (trill) UGK 4 Life, you betta ask yo' wife She'll tell you Bun and Pimp the re-al (re-al) Light, mag, the knife, so if you actin shife Then I'ma give ya somethin you could fe-el (fe-el) Don't make me have to go and pull this ste-el (ste-el) I cock it back and den I let it go (go)  And put one in ya dome, 'cause I be puttin' on  fo' my city, betta let it know (know!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Akon Album:  UGK 4 Life Song:   Hard as Hell Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Akon) Konvict (Echoes) Oh-aaayyy Oh-aaayyy Oh-aaayyy It's Aaaa-kon And UG-Kaayy And UG-Kaayy And UG-Kaayy It's Aaaa-kon (Hook, Akon) That girl, she got me Way she movin in place Bendin over, spreadin eagle All that ass in my face She got me hard as hell Got me pokin like a nail She got me hard as hell I can't control it Can't you tell, baby (Verse 1, Pimp C) Show me what'cha workin with (With) Ever got knocked off on a bumper kit? (Kit) I keep a gold magnum rubber with some KY (Y) Try to see where I'm comin from, get it in ya eye I like when ya get doooown, like a girl suppose ('Pose) Roll on it, don't forget that shit up out'cha nose (Nose) Is that where all ya money goes? (Goes) I spend mine on Benz and Roll's- Royces choices, get on the pole Slide down, move around and bring the money back home (Back home) Heeee ain't Pimp, he's a clone Girl wanna eat my dick when they smell my cologne ('logne) I'm so throwed in the game like Pat (Pat) The girl can't ball, but the motherfucka fat (Fat) Giiirl, what'cha gon' do with all that? Pimp C, ya need some cheese, I'll hit'cha from the back (From the back) (Hook) That girl, she got me Way she movin in place Bendin over, spreadin eagle All that ass in my face She got me hard as hell Got me pokin like a nail She got me hard as hell I can't control it Can't you tell, baby (Verse 2, Bun B) [Akon] She was 36-24-40 Centerfold stallion, the life of the party All eyes on her (her), and that goes for me too Five inch heels and a dress that's see-through [Dress that's see-through] As soon I saw her, I knew that it was time (It was time) As soon as she saw me, she knew that she was mine (She was mine) [She was mine] If this is a dream, then I don't wanna wake And if this is good as it seems, come on you gotta shake [Gotta shake it] I might as I will, it look like crump drew her If she'll step to me, I'm finna run to her And off-top man My mouth, it dropped man For a minute, it felt like the world just stopped man [The world just stopped man] Started again, now I'm startin to feel [Stopped man] Like I could really give baby girl the heart of the trill And once you got the heart, you got the dough [Heart man] But right now, we gots to go [Got to] Cause baby girl gots to know (Hook) That girl, she got me Way she movin in place Bendin over, spreadin eagle All that ass in my face She got me hard as hell Got me pokin like a nail She got me hard as hell I can't control it Can't you tell, baby (verse 3, Pimp C) They boys, we men They on bended knee Make it dissappear, you want the Texas-T Girls in France like Texas-D They say "Ohh-la-la, ah-wi-wi" (Bun B) Murcielargo, coupe Baby girl you know you Got the hot bun and that, my knife gotta go through Sometimes it cut slow, sometimes it cut quick It don't matter because it's still good dick, c'mon (Akon) Shorty got me swollen now She can see what a nigga holdin now Grippin the tire, she ready to blow me now Diggin up in that belly, got her moanin now And round and round I go When I cum, up and down she go When she cum, everybody know When we come, money's on the floor baby (Hook) That girl, she got me Way she movin in place Bendin over, spreadin eagle All that ass in my face She got me hard as hell Got me pokin like a nail She got me hard as hell I can't control it Can't you tell, baby That girl, she got me Way she movin in place Bendin over, spreadin eagle All that ass in my face She got me hard as hell Got me pokin like a nail She got me hard as hell I can't control it Can't you tell, baby (Baby, baby, baby) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: For Life Song: Da Game Been Good to Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Pimp C singing] You lost yo' spot when you went pop CD flopped, you ain't hot.. But the game been good to meeeee... (Hol' up, hol' up bitch!) You lost your cars, and yo' house Now you sleep on yo' mama's couch But the game been good to meeeee... [Pimp C - Verse 1ne] UHH, first album went platinum, now you can't go gold Made ya deal with the devil, but you sold yo' soul  You rent a lotta cars, rent a mansion and them hoes You say you sold your Phantom, bitch they took yo' Rolls Get disrespected everywhere you go Big bodyguards when you come for the shows They already know you got shit on your name Nigga, you a pussy, they gon' take yo' chain Take yo' piece, rings and watch You play rich, boy you need to stop I ain't dissin nobody, no particular name Ya shoe fit nigga, get the fuck up out the game - lil' BITCH! (Pussy nigguuuh..) [Bun B - Verse 2wo] I'm a Down South MC, I'm cold on the mic I say it how I feel and I do it how I like I write what I see, what I do, and what I know And keep it one hundred off top from the do' Now whether at a show, in the booth, or on the street No matter where I go and no matter who I meet Everybody tryna tell me how they feel 'bout the South On the cool, them haters need to shut they fuckin mouth 'Cause we grip grain, nigga we pop trunk We to' straps and we ready for the funk Some niggaz two-step, some niggaz dance Some niggaz just ball wit' a bottle in they hands Sell a couple ringtones niggaz, that's bread You hatin on paper get that FUCK up out yo' head Worryin 'bout my cheese, getcha own stack It's goin down in the South, you don't like it Click clack, motherfucker!  (Pussy nigguuuh..) [Pimp C - Verse 3hree] You got caught with that work on 10 Made a deal with the state to turn your foul partner in But he took 15, befo' you could tell He ain't witchu no mo' hoe, you got twenty in a cell I sent you a lawyer, you ain't listened that time Ain't no appeal, but they dropped it to five? Who you had to fuck to give back that time? Textin me from a cell phone - bitch, yo lost YO' FUCKIN MIND? How dare you tryna get me on conspiracy, Jack? If the feds hit me, I'ma hit yo' ass BACK! You fight witcho tounge, I send 'em killa Transcript writer, I'll kill you nigguuuh! (Smoke sum'hin, bitch..) [Chorus 2: Pimp C singing] Got caught with the shit, twenty years Youse a snitch, you turned biiii-tch.. The game been good to meeeee... (Hol' up, bitch!) I took yo' hoe, she's a pro Bought me all, of yo' dough.. The game been good to meeeee... (Pussy nigguuuh..) Artist: Bun B f/ J. Prince, Pimp C, Tekai Hicks Album: Trill O.G. Song: Chuuch! Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - J. Prince - talking] [Pimp C] Ah yeah, two thousand and ten and we still rollin You know Bun, my dad used to tell me Every time he thought he knew it all, something new would come up So at this time, let's welcome - Drake (uh) The newest member to the family Whom my son, Jas Prince discovered Make no mistake, the army's behind him Now Bun, I've been labeled as a quiet storm and it may be true But I've been watchin a genius at work on this album And without further adieu, yo Pimp, give us your blessings [Chuuch!] [Verse 1 - Bun B] Yeah (yeah), I'm back baby and better than I ever was (was) I got the streets on fire, so forget a buzz (buzz) I ain't trippin on SoundScan or BDS Easy to find with or without your GPS (S) And now we ridin, ask Biden (Biden) or Obama ('bama) Go ask the hustlers, the gangsters (gangsters), ask your mama (mama) And they'll tell ya the best that ever did it Is still in here doin it, you can't fuck with it (can't fuck with it) And I'm a hit it on the head with a hammer (hammer) Reppin H-Town like Phi Slama Jama Am I hard enough, am I real enough, am I ready bro? Well you already know, on your mark, set, ready, go (go, go, go) [Chorus - Tekai Hicks] (Pimp C) I came to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothin but the truuuth (Tabernacle bitch) I came to represent for the South in the streets and in the booooth (Hold up, hold up) I came from the bottom to the top and I'm out here doin my thiiing So if you're tryin to get it like I get it let the congregation siiing (Chuuch!) [Verse 2 - Bun B] Yeah (yeah), we back baby and better than we ever was (was) It's UGK so quit actin like we never was (was) You see the crew is "II Trill" (trill) and in effect ('fect) And Rap-a-Lot is rollin with us (with us), we fittin to wreck (wreck) So ask T.I.P., ask Hova (Hova), ask Diddy (Diddy) Go ask Yeezy (Yeezy), Jeezy (Jeezy), ask 50 (50) And they'll tell ya, I'm throwed when I spit it And still in here doin it, you can't fuck with it (can't fuck with it) And I'm a hit it in the chest with the Nina Reppin H-Town like James Prince Sr. (ah yeah) Am I hard enough, am I real enough, am I ready bro? Well you already know, on your mark, set, ready, go (go, go, go) [Verse 3 - Bun B] Yeah (yeah), it's back baby and better than it ever was (was) That dirty South shit, that you can only get from us That H-Town, slow down, chopped and screwed music (music) And it ain't goin nowhere, so get used to it (to it) Go ask Trae, ask Paul Wall, ask Ro (Ro) Go ask Koopa, ask Slim, they already know (know) And they'll tell ya they ready to represent it And still in here doin it, you can't fuck with it (can't fuck with it) And I'm a hit 'em low, chop 'em at the knees (knees) Reppin P-A-T like a young Pimp C (C) Am I hard enough, am I real enough, am I ready bro? Well you already know, on your mark, set, ready, go (go, go, go) [Chorus] - 2X - without Pimp C the second time and with Tekai Hicks ad libs Artist: Bun B f/ T-Pain  Album: Trill O.G.  Song: Trillionaire  Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com  [Intro - T-Pain]  I know they hatin on me, 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (I'm a self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (I'm a self made), trillionaaaaaire  [Verse 1 - Bun B]  Okay, let's get this shit crackalatin ('latin), no more procrastinatin ('natin)  They told me Bun don't hesitate, don't keep these bastards waitin (waitin)  I'm puttin egos at check and I'm so emasculatin ('latin)  People stop to stare and say "damn this nigga's fascinatin" ('natin)  We blowin 'dro up in the air, you smell it? That's the fragrance (fragrance)  I got the focus, got the heart and I got the patience (patience)  You hatin bitch, get off my dick, look like you on some gay shit (gay shit)  I'm tryin to take this to the mountain top, Appalachian ('lachian)  But it's a rocky road (road) and I'm still movin up  And ain't no movin us, so keep it pushin, get to movin bro (for real)  You might be new to me but you know I ain't new to ya  Go ask the white boys, they say he's totally tubular (dude)  Fuckin bad bitches, rub my dick against their uvula  Everytime I hit the streets, it's like a fuckin movie bro (damn)  You know what I do to ya, send gladiators through to ya  They gon' leave ya chopped up, like they was DJ Screwin ya, hold up  [Chorus 1 - T-Pain]  Yeah, I know they hatin on me (on me), 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaaaaire  [Verse 2 - Bun B]  Okay, let's get this shit poppin off (off), from the go know I'm a boss (boss)  I don't fuck with lames and do my dirt nigga without a loss (loss)  I keep it pimpin, fly ass hoes come in and out the loft (loft)  When you get fettuccine, you don't need a lot of sauce (sauce)  I gets my Gucci on, my baby likes a lot of Prada (Prada)  She go and shop until she drop, she know Don Dada got her (got her)  But she not shotgun in the slab, oh no I got a shotter (shotter)  He keep that shotgun in the slab and roll without a nada (nada)  He keep his eyes wide open, he's a hater spotter (spotter)  And when they roll up on me wrong, then he's a hater dropper (dropper)  And he don't mess around when niggaz try to play Big Papa (Papa)  He keep it gangsta nigga, he go gone and sprayed the chopper (chopper)  'Cause I don't roll with fake people and I never will (will)  I represents the G code, to the lead steel (steel)  Don't make me have to draw down, when that Beretta peel (peel)  Then you gon' understand that Bun B is forever trill, hold up  [Chorus 2 - T-Pain]  Yeah, I know they hatin on me (on me), 'cause I'm the man ('cause I'm the man)  I'm too trill homie (trill homie), I don't give a damn (I don't give a damn)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  From the underground to the top, I came from the bottom  Trill niggaz don't stop, man I'm goin harder  Self made (self made), trillionaire (trillionaire)  I'm a self made (self made), girl, do you swear to keep in gangsta?  [Verse 3 - Bun B] (T-Pain)  Gangsta than a motherfucker, trill until I D-I-E, fuck these other suckers  (What's your message to the fakers?)  They throwin rocks and hidin hands  It don't really matter, this the dirty South, we ridin man  (How long you been up on that trill shit?)  Since the day they made me and from a baby  Until today they never played me  (Well, throw your hands up)  From P.A.T. to your town, ain't no need to slow down  Baby boy, it's about to go down  [Chorus 1] Artist: Bun B f/ Young Jeezy Album: Trill O.G. Song: Just Like That Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Young Jeezy - talking] (Bun B) (Hahaha), yeah, (just like that) Yeah, that real shit nigga Yeah, Bizzle, Jizzle, H-Town Bun (what's up?) You had to go fuck with ya homie, right? (you know it G) No easy ass niggaz 'Bout that! (G-A to P-A) 'Bout that shit nigga, yeah, let's go Yeah we 'bout that (let's go!) [Chorus - Young Jeezy] - w/ ad libs See y'all gon' give me my respect, 'cause I earned that Even though it's expens' pound, still burn that New Benz with the glass top; yeah, we drove those (those) Know them things come out them glass pots? Yeah, we sold those Just like that, yeah you know we 'bout that Just like that, you know we 'bout that Just like that, yeah you know we 'bout that I said we 'bout that, yeah you know we 'bout that [Verse 1 - Bun B] Say mayne I'm cleaner than a whistle, nigga sharper than a sickle (sickle) My Cadillac is candy and my Desert Eagle nickel (nickel) Plated niggaz hate it (hate it), there's nothin they can say though When I hit 'em with the pressure (pressure), they leakin out the Play-Doh (Play-Doh) From way back in the day yo (day yo), they know I put it down Had a +Pocket Full of Stones+, got to sewin up the town (town) Been at it since the '90's in the ghetto with them pounds And them bricks, hittin licks and fillin heaters with them rounds Paid the cost to be the boss, I can show ya the receipt for it Trillest in the game, every nigga in the streets know it (fo' sho') Bun B and Jizzle back to business 'cause the sign on (the dough) That's what the fuck we got our mind on, so grind on (let's go) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Young Jeezy] Sometimes I ask myself, say Jizzle how ya doin? (doin) Yeah you know you be about the money you persuin (persuin) Persue that paper like a yellow bitch from H-Town (H-Town, yeah) Just take off the yellow tape (yeah, yeah), now ya sellin H-Towns (yeah) Watch the beat break down (down), long way from breakdown On my way to A-Town, long way from H-Town (haha) Bitch I'm 'bout that, bitch you know I'm 'bout that ('bout that) They say they 'bout that ('bout that) but I really doubt that (yeeeah) You know I live this (live this), love this (love this), thug shit (thug shit) Did a song with Kanye, still talkin drug shit (drug shit) Even though it's drug shit (drug shit), still make the club shit (club shit) Bitch you know I'm 'bout that ('bout that) and them bitches love this [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Bun B] That's right, my mind is on my money and my fingers on a fat knot Eyes is wide open and my ears is to the blacktop Came up in the trap spot, posted with that crack rock From the streets to the studio, now I got this rap locked (locked) Back then they didn't want me (want me) but now they all up on me (on me) Big licks they fall up on me, dime bitches crawl up on me Yeah, I used to call ya homie (homie), now we just acquaintances ('ces) You broke the G-code nigga, you need gangsta maintenance Step ya game up, matter fact, get a escalator ('lator) Somebody call the swag police to come arrest this hater Butterfly Ferraris ('raris) and Porsches with the double doors (doors) CTE, UGK, we hit you with a double dose [Chorus] - w/ ad libs Artist: Bun B f/ Drake Album: Trill O.G. Song: Put it Down Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Bun B] Now when it come to makin money, I'm a printin press And when it come to bein trill, I'm the litmus test Run it like a fitness test And when it come to makin +HIStory+, I'm like Joe's son A million ways to die, you already chose one A million dollars stacked, it sounds like a new beginning We on the top now, go back and tell the hood we winning And while you're there, let 'em know I did it just for them I made 'em cough the cash up and left 'em just a flim Is that the King of the Trill? Go tell them this is him And his testosterone is up, who's got the estrogen? I like your girl and I think she like me even more I hit her with that heave and ho and then I'm leavin bro The Dirty South's finest, and Dirty South's behind us Now that's a plus on the report card not a minus Keep your security blankets because I'm not your lightest You gotta problem with us? You know just the spot to find us [Chorus: Drake] Uh! Since you're tellin on me, tell the world about me Ask your girl about me, she'll probably tell you that I {*singing*} Put it down, put it down You know how I put it down, put it down Every time I come around Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it I threw some tints on it, he woulda loved it how I {*singing*} Put it down, put it down You know how I put it down, put it down Every time I come around [Bun B] They know I'm in a Port Arthur state of mind of the superstar status, I elevate the grind My time is money, so I put some money on my chime Lightning on the brightening, so exciting when you see the shine We on a lethal dose, before was never even thought of I broke my bread and fed my team just like the Holy Father I helped the blind to see it, kept it G, just like I ought to The only thing that's left for us to do is walk on water We playin all four quarters till the clock expire So till I see the ref wavin, I will not retire My flow is still official, and I still got the fire Can't take your eyes off me, like when you watch "The Wire" And in oh-ten, we finna go in So let the opposition know that there is no win And i am no friend, so put your hand down And tell 'em, "Stand down," before it's 'man down' [Drake] 'Round, I gotta hundred girls in each phone Drizzy Drake mayne, young Sweet Jones I never cheat unless you count the girls I cheat on I know you can't bring every single one you meet home Homesick just when I thought I was sick of home Losin track of time, everyday we switchin zones Drizzy Hendricks, I'm just backstage gettin stoned "Thank Me Later" made, a million copies shipped and gone Overboard nigga, I'm quoted more nigga Results are in, I guess you shoulda voted more nigga Swimmin in the money, y'all just float ashore nigga Never drownin, what the fuck you think this boat is for nigga? Yeah I'm quick to take a R&B diva out I bring some friends, she brings some friends that know what we about And when it's done, I put my slippers on and see 'em out And tip the driver to make sure he take the scenic route I swear these women livin like they tryna write a book after But I'm just really tryna keep it G for my chapter Listen to my words, seek just what I mean Rest in peace to Chad Butler, everyday I'm ridin clean, damn [Chorus: repeat 2X] Artist: Bun B f/ 2Pac, Pimp C, Trey Songz Album: Trill O.G. Song: Right Now Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pimp C] UHH, she got the whole, world, in her jaws when she feel it tighten up, don't stop and don't pause I got the whole, game, in my head Don't fuck for recreation but I'm good in the bed (good in the bed) Tony Snow, I keep big blow (blow!) My homeboy gal wanna fuck me on the low (low!) But I don't wanna 'less she goin out on the grind Check-in with the choosin fee and I'ma knock her from be-hiiiind (knock her from be-hiiiind) I make a bitch bleed to black wit a certified knot and a platinum cock The pimpin didn't stop, even when the bids died We just kept on gettin high, puttin dick up in they eye Dick up in they ears (ears), dick up in they nose (nose) Ass, pussy, mouth, I'm fin' ta fuck in every hole (hole) Put it between they titties and between they toes That's how a gushy gush out when ya bitch get chose [Chorus: Trey Songz] You know, and I know, we need to geeeeeet riiiiiiight I'ma call you, and i'm comin through after miiiiiid-niiiiight So be ready, to get sweaty, speed up or sloooooow dooooown You want it, get up on it, it's 'bout to goooooo dooooown right now [2Pac] Eternally thug nigga, Hilfiger made by Tommy So when I speak, hope to reach my boricua mamis Oh, come to papi, I love it when it's wet and sloppy In and out the mouthpiece until I cum, no one can stop me My bump and grind'll do ya everytime Come get a blast of this thug passion that'll blow your mind - hey! Throw up yo' legs, wrap them shits around my back It's a Westside thang fuckin hoes around the map Walkin down 125 while I'm peepin down hotties and they, seduce my jimmy, out and screamin, "Gimme body!" Make 'em all scream my name out, gimme my props And don't cha, love how this THUG nigga, be at the cot I'm at the Rican Parade, I'm watchin caramel bitches play Get with real niggaz, bullshit'll never get you paid This is the DREAM of a young black teen  I fiend for hoes cross country like a greedy crack fiend, now c'mon! [Chorus w/ Songz ad-lib] [Bun B] Look here shawty, lemme tell you what the game is (game is) And while I'm at it, lemme tell you what my name is (What?) Bun Beeda, big D up in my drawls When I pull out my piece, it make the girls all pause Y'allz, niggaz, better recognize when ya bitch choose me, shouldn't come as a surprise (nope) Knew she was a freak, I could see it in her eyes (yep) And I'ma bring it out her when I get between her thighs God-damn~! That's what you call a home-run I knock it out the park when I give her a long one (a long one) It's on, I'm ready, it's strong, it's steady First I'ma, give it some bacon and beat up the belly When the sheets start shippin and the bed starts rockin and the headboard's bangin, playa don't come knockin It's a grown folks party, we don't need no kids and I ain't tryna blow you up, but gurl yo' pussy the sheeeeit~! [Chorus w/ Songz ad-libs] [Trey Songz - Outro] Bun Beeda, Pimp C, 2Pac and me S-O, N-G, Z Bun Beeda, Pimp C, 2Pac and me S-O, N-G, Z Artist: Bun B f/ Gucci Mane, Yo Gotti Album: Trill O.G. Song: Countin' Money Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample of DJ B-Do from "Grind Hard" by UGK] - 4X Fuck a rubber band, a nigga need a bunch of ropes [Gucci Mane talking over Intro] (Yo Gotti) Yo, it's Gucci R.I.P. Pimp C mayne (Get that street money, street money, street money) [Chorus - Sample of DJ B-Do from "Grind Hard" by UGK] Count money all day, count money all day Count money all day, count money all, money all Count money all day, count money all day Count money all, money all, money all day [Verse 1 - Bun B] Say mayne, no matter where I go (I go), no matter what I do (I do) If chillin with myself (myself) or ballin with my crew (my crew) If skies is lookin cloudy or Bahama water blue I got that money on my mind (my mind), so tell me what it do (it do) And if you be like me, then you already knew it (knew it) We goin for the money, then we goin right through it (through it) We take it to the table baby, chop it up and screw it (screw it) 'Cause it ain't nothin to it, where I come from but to do it (do it) We get it in our hands and then it go right through the fingers (fingers) We spend it on a system and a fresh set of swangers (swangers) We pop a couple tags, put some fresh up on our hangers (hangers) That everyday struggle and can't 'nam nigga change us (change us) Believe that I was famous 'fore I ever did a song (song) Believe I had a poppin 'fore a label put me on (on) It's 2010 and I ain't seein nothin wrong (wrong) With niggaz countin money all day fuckin long (long) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Yo Gotti] Money totin, pistol carryin, young nigga thugged out Very first song I ever dropped was in a drug house Razor blades, sandwich bags, Louis shoes, stupid swag Rubber bands, duffle bags, small bills, trash bags A chain on my neck, you know that cost stupid cash Maserati for the watch, that's that foolish cash Penitentiary chances, sixes on a muscle car Bun told me keep it real and watch it take me far Now my money don't fold (fold), this money here I ain't make it for no hoes, I ain't get this off no shows Talk money all day, count money all night Trust no one with my paper, so I count my paper twice I be lonely without my paper, so I sleep with it at night Now I wake up with to my paper, so I start my day off right They call me Cocaine Gotti, Mr. Money Over Bitches Mr. Everything White, he be always in the kitchen [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Gucci Mane] I'm the shit bitch, you smell me? Ain't no need to check ya sneakers Three bricks, plus a split with me, then bitch you got a hit (yeah) Make money on my leisure Pop bottles with top models, with my goons in Puerto Rico Yo' girlfriend I'm a freak her (yeah) Believe me I'm a turn you non-believers to believers I own the team I play for, plus I coach 'em, I'm the center The hottest rapper that you know Big Willie like Cujo (Gucci) I got one thousand, million ties, I sold your dice for uno So tune into East Atlanta, uh Please don't change the channel ma Roll the windows down back up, my Phantom, show my Audemars Hangin out my part-a-ner What you want an auto-graph? Thinkin that you angry 'cause my neck look like the Mardi Gras Artist: Bun B f/ Bluesman Ceddy St. Louis, Twista Album: Trill O.G. Song: Speakeasy Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Bluesman Ceddy St. Louis] Please settle downs, everybody sit down Sit down for a second, Mildred! Mildred, get yo' goddamn feet off the table (It's a Big E beat!) C'mon now, shit This is, this is why we don't ever have nothin man It's a good evenin here, Ceddy St. Louis This right here about to bring to the stage is a gentleman from Port Arther, Texas Real gentleman, real singer, real story teller Real gangsta, a true veteran of the bid'ness Y'all show him some love, talk to 'em Bun [Bun B] Thank y'all for comin to see me this evenin (yeah) Cookin this cajun I laced it with seasonin (huh) In here, I been here and don't plan on leavin The king of the trill's 'bout to pass, who's receivin? I'm throwin, I'm throwed on, the mic I explode Slow all that bangin mayne just like my load Don't test me or stress me, I'm in that mode where I could just black out and leave yo' ass flo'ed Benzes and Beamers I drove 'em and slabbed 'em Big booty hoes I exposed 'em and grabbed 'em Take 'em right out of they clothes and I have 'em They pussy is golden (what) my dick is platinum And hard as a diamond, I'm hard when I'm rhymin I'm closer to God, like Eric B. I'm in that get money frame of mind, any day and time That's what this is and shit ain't no shame in mine [Interlude: Bluesman Ceddy St. Louis ad libbing] [Bun B] Back on that bullshit so bring in the cattle Ready for war so let's get to the battle Niggaz is babies with bottles and rattles The street lights is on, it's your curfew, ske-daddle That all you got G? You comin up short You ain't got the muscle, you ain't got the heart You need actin classes, you can't play the part Yo' mind ain't on money you need to get smart I'm known to spit darts that'll land in the center Right in the red for the breadwinner in her Stack in the summer, the ball in the winter I'm grippin that wood (shit) just got a splinter You's a beginner, a novice, a rookie How you got bricks when you can't cop a cookie? We after paper, you after the nookie You bet against me and you lost, pay the bookie [Interlude: Bluesman Ceddy St. Louis ad libbing] [Twista] Twista~! They can never run in my shoes, they know nothin 'bout the ones and the twos (nope) Murder to the drums when I bruise, Twista killin them with Bun and the Blues (yup) Competition better study harder cause I feel like we done found another tune (tune) They gon' try to to be like Muddy Waters, I'ma be the man howlin at the moon (arooo!) Comin up and standin on my stack (stack) a veteran but keep my lyrics dope (dope) And you still listen out the ride (ride) I ain't even got a car note (nope) Y'all ain't snappin cause you wicked crushed and I'ma get 'em, I could tell her (tell her) Fall dash rapper when you tell 'em bust, he can even spit the a cappella ('pella) He can even come right off the top (no) he don't kill 'em even though he crumb (no) He can only kill 'em in the studio when somebody can help him make a song (yeah) Ask me why I don't hear it, I told ya It's nothin but bullshit lyrics in yo' folder (ha ha!) On the blues we come colder, Bun B's a boa constrictor, Twista inflicts the pain of a cobra Flame and I'ma show ya, the remains of a soldier Down home blues killin niggaz in the game, 'til it's over [Outro: Bluesman Ceddy St. Louis ad libbing] Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: Lights, Cameras, Action Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Bun B] Well it's Bun B performin live, one night only (one night only) Come on through and kick it with your trill homie Showtime's midnight, we ready as we gonna be (be) A packed house and you know it's all on me (me) You've seen the flyers, zone in the mix, now you wanna get in the mix It's cool, get in line and get ya tixs (tixs) But don't forget to buy your VIP pass So you can get a picture (picture), soon as you see me pass (me pass) And when we pull up to the back door And they know the King of the trill is in the building, it's a wrap bro Go DJ, let 'em know we in the house It's official, we came to turn it out, no doubt [Chorus - Bun B] We need lights (lights), so you can see me live on stage We need cameras (huh), put me on your Facebook page We need action (what?), happens when you pass me the mic And I can give the people just what they like Well alright We need lights (lights), cameras, action, it's on We need lights (lights), cameras, action, it's on We need lights (lights), cameras, action, it's on (action, it's on) O-o-on (on), o-o-on (on) [Verse 2 - Bun B] We in the dressing room posted Drinks in the air get toasted, sweets in the air get roasted Promoters askin for a signed poster Take a picture with my wife, get a little closer (little closer) Now say "cheese" (cheese), we smile, wait a second, laugh (laugh) I ain't trippin (trippin), long as I got my second half (half) And Below's noddin (noddin) and Nina's all good So I pour some "II Trill", take a shot to the noggin Couple Texans in the house (house), some Rockets and some 'stros too (too) They representin for the city like they 'sposed too (too) I hear the opening act, it's on it's last song Gladiators buy 'em up, time to mash on [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Bun B] Alright y'all, it's about that time (about that time) The DJ tells the crowd yo and he ain't lyin (he ain't lyin) This is the moment that we all been waitin on Real recognize real, nobody got they hatin on It's showtime and the venue off the chain (chain) Wall to wall people and they crunk for me mayne (crunk for me mayne) We backstage gettin ready for the crowd Ask 'em who they wanna see, they say my name real loud (loud) They make me feel proud after all these years We can still pack the place, hearin all these cheers (cheers) Say a little prayer as I drop to one knee (knee) Comin to the stage, give it up for Bun B [Chorus] ("give me the mic" instead of "pass me the mic") [Outro] (*Crowd chants "Bun B!" into next song) Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: I Git Down 4 Mine Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro] (Crowd chants "Bun B!" for first 10 seconds) [Verse 1 - Bun B] I do this shit for Pimp C bitch (bitch), so what the fuck is up? (up) Step roll niggaz still take your fuckin nuts (nuts) UGK "4 Life" nigga (nigga), none shife nigga (nigga) And you can get it by the pistol or the knife nigga (nigga) No more days bitch, I ain't got the time I got bitches on my dick (dick) and money on my mind (mind) The South is on my back (back), I told it like Atlas And you can never pack this (why?), you ain't had the practice Crack shit, street talk, hood life, thug shit All that and then some, started this drug shit Cookies - we cooked that, highway - we did that Paper - we stacked that, bodies - we hid that Rich wrapped and packed up and stamped with the logo (with the logo) Now we got it hoppin just like a pogo, poppin like the popo (damn) Word to my D.C. niggaz on Go-go Ask 'em, they know bro (fo sho) [Chorus - Bun B] 'Cause you know what it is (is), you ain't got to ask (ask) We gettin down to biz (biz), nigga do the math (math) Somebody check the clock (clock) and tell 'em what the's time (time) 'Cause I'm a trill nigga (bitch), I get down for mine (mine) I get down for mine (mine), I get down for mine (mine) 'Cause I'm a trill nigga (bitch), I get down for mine (mine) I get down for mine (mine), I get down for mine (mine) 'Cause I'm a trill nigga (bitch), I get down for mine [Verse 2 - Bun B] Primetime player (player), first class flyer (flyer) High life liver, luxury good buyer I'm a modern day pariah ('riah), tell it like Richard Pryor (Pryor) And won't stop rockin 'til I retire ('tire) So call me 'siah, the Underground King (King) I'm known to let 'em hang to the floor, it ain't a thing (thing) The first one to swing (swing), the first one to bang (bang) These pussy niggaz sweet, I think they sippin on the Tang (Tang) Dang, that's when "keepin it real goes wrong" (wrong) Singin the same old song, take off your thong (thong) Say you wanna get like me, then try harder (try harder) It's more than just some gangsta Nikes and a Starter (and a Starter) You got a father? I know he ain't proud (proud) He probably wished he would of pulled out, no doubt (no doubt) You've been a bitch since birth, no lie (lie) And you gon' be a bitch on the day that you die (that you die) [Break - Bun B] I get down for mine (for mine) I get down for mine (for mine) I get down for mine (for mine) I get down for mine (mine) [Verse 3 - Bun B] You motherfuckers ain't ready for the return of original trillness (naw) Imitated, never duplicated on some real shit (shit) I pull your card, then I pull the steel (steel) And then I pop it, now tell me how them bullets feel (feel) Kneel (kneel), bitches say I got that whip appeal ('peal) When they see me ridin on candy, grippin wheel (wheel) Oh (oh), not goin for bad, bitch I'm goin for broke (broke) And you already know it's fire when you see the smoke (smoke) You already know it's fire even before we spoke (spoke) And you know you gonna see the gun fire when he loc (loc) And like a beast spoke, splash on 'em and smash on 'em Then fire up the swishy sweet and leave the ash on 'em 'Cause Bun B is a winner, put your cash on 'em Or cash out, 'cause I'm layin his ass out (out) Soon as I pass up (up), that's when they pass out Nigga I'm the first goin in and I'm the last out (out) Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: Snow Money Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Bun B - talking] Say mayne, I had this pussy ass nigga come up to me the other day You know what I'm sayin? Talkin 'bout "say Bun B Bun B you gon' rep for P-A on this album?" I said "you bitch ass nigga, I am P-A, who the fuck is you nigga? Know what I'm sayin? Everybody know I rep for Port Arthur, Texas to the fullest Who the fuck know you nigga? Don't nobody know you but your mama ho ass nigga Move around nigga I'm some on P-A shit, know what I'm talkin 'bout?" [Verse 1 - Bun B] P-A trill nigga, I was born ready bro Our here on the grind, rain or shine, for the fetti bro Work comin in and movin out with the steady flow Boys out of line, pull the thing out, let it go Always G'd out, blacked out, from my head to toe And it ain't a question that I be out to get the dough Call up my connect, get the powder in from Mexico Late night, come across the border in the Chevy ho Get it for the low, if you need a plug, let me know I get it from him, you come to me for the petty coke That's the way the cycle go around like a merry go Round, put it down for my town, they already know Every time I try to get away, I can't let it go Plush lifestyle, fly cars and the pretty hoes (pretty hoes) So play your distance by scenario (what's up?) Load up the van, let's hit the highway, here we go (here we go) [Chorus - Bun B] We hit the road and get the snow money Bring it home, take it to the mall, blow money Hit the strip club, take it out, throw money Then get back up on the road and get mo' money Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') [Verse 2 - Bun B] You know it's "UGK 4 Life" and I'm a ride for that Disrespect the game and I can't let you slide for that It don't really matter where ya people try to hide ya at 'Cause I'm a find ya, pull up behind ya, apply the MAC Milli on the really, +I'm a G+, bonafide for that Talkin down on the Underground, you get denied for that Where I come from, lot of pussy niggaz died for that (where?) Port Arthur, Texas, I got a lot of pride for that (huh) So when we hit the road, haters better hide your hat (why?) We hittin licks with them bricks and them ninety packs (damn) I hit this over twenty bro, it ain't no lie to that Sting 'em for 300K and now I got to ride it back (so what ya doin?) I'm lookin for the laws, where ya hidin at? (I see 'em) Pull me over, I'm the decoy, fly for that (let's go) Oh yeah, I'll take the speeding ticket, where ya sign for that? 'Cause the dope and money never in the car I'm ridin at (ride it back) [Verse 3 - Bun B] And now we back up in the hood, where we 'sposed to be In the back, countin up them stacks that we 'sposed to see Pussy ass niggaz (niggaz), ain't even gettin close to me (at all) They know I'd have they mama prayin with a rosary (for real) And I'm a put another hole where they nose should be If they ever think of the position of opposin me (damn) A couple rounds plus a thought that probably froze 'em we gon' lay a nigga down 'cause we +Feenin+ like we Jodeci (hold up) They on the streets talkin 'bout that they exposin me (what?) Exposin what? I'm a open book, close it G (close it) You talkin tough but we know you just posin see And I'm a leave 'em stiffer than a mannequin (with holes in he) You ain't friends, then you foes with me And we can go to war definitely nigga, not supposedly I'm not your average, I'm the chosen G And if your money ain't snow money, best to get it frozen G ('cause we) Artist: Bun B f/ Play-N-Skillz, Slim Thug Album: Trill O.G. Song: Ridin' Slow Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Chopped and Screwed Voice] (*echo*) Hold up mayne I know you ain't think we wouldn't fittin to come through with somethin  for the slab You must be crazy nigga You know we come down, this Texas nigga That's off the top ho Hold up, that some shit that'll shake the sidewalk right there Dang, you pop this trunk Bang down this block (Play-Play-Play-Play-Play-N-Skillz) Beat 'em down right quick mayne [Chorus - Play-N-Skillz] (Bun B) - w/ ad libs I'm ridin slow (I'm in the slab, swangin up the Ave.) I'm ridin vogues (Sittin on leather with my shit together) I'm ridin fo's (I'm doin dirty while I'm "Ridin' Dirty") I'm ridin slow (Sittin on buck and I don't give a fuck, so bitch, what's up?) Beep, beep, so they can see when I'm rollin through the hood Beep, beep, so they can see how a player grips his wood Beep, beep, I bet they see that now I'm livin good (Grippin the grain, drippin the stain) I'm ridin slow [Verse 1 - Bun B] Texas, land of the swang (swang), where boys pop trunk and bang (bang) Come down in a candy thang, hittin that switch (switch), lettin 'em hang Hit me a stang, maybe a lick (lick) Pound of the brown, maybe a brick (brick) Burn that purp inside of the 'gar With a bad ass bitch inside of the car (car) C to the A, D to the I (I), L to the L to the A to the C (C) B to the U to the N to the B, reppin that P to the A to the T (to the T) I'm a dirty South representer, summertime, spring to the fall to the winter O.G. in the game, no beginner, don't take a loss (loss), get with a winner Lobsters on my plate for dinner (dinner) And your bitch is the midnight snack (snack) Break her off when I'm layin up in her (in her) When I'm done I'm a send her right back (back) Iced out chain (chain), frozen wrist (wrist), grip that grain when I  close this fist Diamonds up against the wood in the hood and I can't be missed [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Slim Thug] Huh, huh, huh I'm ridin slow, eyes slow, from what I smoke and po' If you ain't smokin 'dro, then what the fuck you smokin fo'? With my deposit Thug about to give the world a show (huh) You know the truck gon' glow (glow), you know them screens gon' show (show) You know the fifth gon' fall (fall), you know them fo's gon' crawl (cheah) You know that Texas got to show y'all how we like to ball (huh) My trunk knockin, got 'em watchin like I'm on a stage (I know you see me) Them four fifteens sound like lions bustin out a cage I'm gettin paid, been ridin clean since the 'leventh grade No more braids now, I'm razor on my taper-fade (yeah) I got it made, went to Ike and I got it sprayed Now when I park where it's dark, you can't see the shade (huh) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Bun B] Man, there's a road through the city Leather so soft (soft), paint so pretty Wheels so shiny, rims so new When I hit your hood (hood), what you gon' do? (gon' do) Fall back and break bread with a G though (G though) Might come down, not like me though (me through) Underdog like To' and Beedo (Beedo) Big cheese on me like a Cheeto (Cheeto) ooh wee though, I'm the throwdest (throwdest) But I guess you already know this J's the freshest, chain the coldest Hard to miss (miss), easy to notice Watch me to show this, easy as pie Bad ass broad, easy on the eye I'm so clean and she's so fly Man we so player and that's no lie When we come through (through), pass on by If you gon' hate, take your ass on by Sittin on top of the world So really don't need nobody to crash my high (my high) On buck with the stitch and tuck (tuck) These boys know I'm not givin a fuck (fuck) Try to step and get stuck So don't press your luck, what's up? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs I'm ridin slow ... I'm ridin slow ... Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: Let 'Em Know Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun B - Intro] R.I.P. Guru GangStarr 4 Life Goddamn, Primo! Long time comin, baby History in the making It's goin down, talk to 'em, Preem {DJ Premier cuts and scratches} "Say, this here, Pimp C  We fuckin wit Primo, it-it-it's, it's goin down, baby" "My mic is loud and my production is tight" <- Big L "We run shit!" "I ain't playin witchu!" [Bun B - Verse 1ne] Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? And what can fuck wit this? I take shots and don't fuckin miss First on your baby mama bucket list You on some sucka shit, might as well suck a dick 'Cause you bein a bitch just for the fuck of it And when I fuckin spit, niggaz get to tuckin shit Tryna duck down wherever they can fuckin get They better ask somebody  'fore I have Big Truck pass the shotty and blast somebody, bitch!  Mastered the flow, the gun and the hand game Now I'm resurrectin a REAL nigga campaign Fake ass niggaz, we snatch 'em out the damn rain Take they damn chain, hit 'em with the damn thang BANG! Now that's what happen when the trigger blow Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! [Chorus: DJ Premier cuts and scratches] "Say, this here, Pimp C  We fuckin wit Premo, it-it-it's, it's goin down, baby" "My mic is loud and my production is tight" <- Big L "We run shit!" "I ain't playin witchu!" "Say, this here, Pimp C  We fuckin wit Primo, it-it's goin... down, baby" "My mic is loud and my production is tight" <- Big L "We run shit!" "I ain't playin witchu!" [Bun B - Verse 2wo] Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? And who can fuck wit me? You not built up I'll break ya bitch-ass down and leave you filled up See that's how blood get spilled up, 'cause you all grilled up And got the hammer on you, but it's still tucked 'Cause you scared to pull it, even mo' scared to POP You ain't a gangsta, you need to stop I'm a type of nigga pull up at a evening spot Squeeze and pop niggaz 'til they weave and drop, ock! You the type that gotta call in the goons  I come one deep, strapped like an army platoon When I get to +Gladiatin'+ on haters like Leonidas Niggaz gonna have to admit that he the tightest You talk a big game mayne, but mine's bigger bro Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! [Bun B - Verse 3hree] Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? And who can fuck wit us? Better bring your mic game Mike Jordon, Mike Tyson, Big Mike mayne Big dough, big flow, big fight game Take you out the zone, put you in the right frame Take you out yor home, middle of the night mayne Wrap you up tight, put yo' ass on the night train That's right mayne, and it's the right time In the right game to get rich like a white mayne Tryna see how much paper that I might gain While I still keep it trill in what I write, mayne Yeah, so let's see who we could trouble most by hittin these haters with a double dose Toast! We got it locked like a figure-fo' Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! [Bun B - Outro] BITCH! Yeaaah! PA to PV, nigga Bun Beeda, DJ Premier Legends, in the, game You don't know? Now you know, bitch! Threw ya hoe-ass around, while real niggaz come down Hah! Yeaaah! Premo, I was waitin on that shit, nigga I been waitin on this shit since "DJ Premier was in Deep Concentration" Hahaha, my motherfuckin nigga Love you, boy Real rap shit, real nigga shit We GONE! {*echoes*} Artist: Bun B f/ LeToya Luckett Album: Trill O.G. Song: All a Dream Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League) [Chorus - Bun B] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs and Notorious B.I.G. sample It was all a dream, thinkin 'bout the fortune and fame Hopin one day I could get in the game It was all a dream, wishin for the money and cars And to live the lifestyle of the stars It was all a dream, livin through the struggle and pain Tryin not to fall out of the frame It was all a dream, until I seen my dream come true Now I'm a make it do what it do 'Cause it was all a dream [Verse 1 - Bun B] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs throughout I'm from the hood player, check my stats I grew up in the ghetto with the roaches and the rats (and the rats) We used to shoot basketball through a bike rim (rim) Lookin at Jordan, wantin to be like him (him) Syrup sandwiches, sugar water drink (drinks) I look back at my past and man I got to think (think) Of where I came from (from) and what I've been through (through) 'Cause for some man, the saga still continues ('ues) I remember, my days as a young'n The alley ways and back streets we used to run in Who knew back then that some would kill and some would die? 'Cause on the real [Chorus] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs and Notorious B.I.G. sample [Verse 2 - Bun B] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs throughout I'm from the hood player, check my photos (my photos) I used to be up all night on no doze (on no doze) I had a dollar and a destiny (destiny) And everyday man, the streets kept testin me (testin me) With peer pressure (pressure) and even poverty (poverty) But see I can't stop now, man there's got to be A better life for me (life for me), I want the glory But they won't give it to me and they won't do it for me (do it for me) So I'm a pray on it and give it up to God (God) Then wipe myself off, get up and go hard (hard) I lost a lot of good friends on the way That's why I'm tryin harder every day [Chorus] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs and Notorious B.I.G. sample [Verse 3 - Bun B] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs throughout I'm from the hood player, check my pedigree (pedigree) And nowadays man, I'm tryin to be a better me (better me) You see I'm older (older) and even smarter now (smarter now) So I got to hold my son and my daughter down (daughter down) And I'm a always keep it real with my kids (my kids) So they don't have to go through what I did (I did) 'Cause they can climb higher than we ever climbed (ever climbed) And they can shine brighter than we ever shined (ever shined) See the next generation is the future (future) And yeah the game's a little different than you're used to (used to) But don't give up, just stay true 'Cause if I did it, than you can too [Chorus] - w/ LeToya Luckett ad libs and Notorious B.I.G. sample until the end Artist: Bun B f/ Drake Album: Trill O.G. Song: It's Been a Pleasure Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Drake] Emotions in this game run deep So before these haters kill me in my sleep - I'd like to say it's been a pleasure Reppin 'til my last second through Done a lot of shit they'll never get to do - I'd like to say it's been a pleasure Honored to be somebody they mention But before these niggaz stop payin attention - I'll just say it's been a pleasure You'll never be somebody they need Tomorrow ain't guaranteed, so tonight we gon' do it like this {*singing*} Ohhhh, for the H-Town Tonight I'm gon' make some money goooo For the H-Towwwwwn [Bun B] Ladies and gentlemen you're now listenin to the Dirty South trillionaire ('naire) Keepin it trill in there, been here and he's still in there (there) Pay attention, it's the beginnin of a new era (era) Get a little closer you can see the view clearer (view clearer) It's like Lasik but are basic Ebonics if you're hooked on chronic and you can taste it Trace it, recognize the real when ya face it Ball up in the club gettin white boy wasted One shot of Patrón, then another one to chase it Put me to the test, I won't pass it I'll ace it Been so many places, up and down the interstate Cities that I've never been, wonderin if they fin' to hate Step up in the spot, let 'em look me in the grill (grill) So they can see it for theyself that I keep it trill (I keep it trill) I paid the cost to be the boss and left a tip So it's all good (good) don't even trip Believe me it's been a pleasure [Bun B] Man I've been all over the world  tryin to tell 'em 'bout the trill and what we been through (through) What we already done and what we fin' do (do) What we got into, what we gettin into (to) When ties 'bout to cut it closer than a ginsu ('su) Roll through Atlanta, Birmingham, Alabama ('bama) Jacksonville to Jackson, Mississippi spittin grammar (spittin grammar) From Shreveport ('port) down to New Orleans ('leans) And all points in between just to get the cream (cream) Me and my "II Trill" team on the road flippin (flippin) Eight hours straight, no stops, no trippin (trippin) Had to keep them heaters on 'em so it's no slippin (slippin) Promote a play with show money, we were slow grippin (slow grippin) Sometimes we rock the stage and put it down (down) Other times we had to fight and shoot it out of town (town) But we always made it home okay And we still on the road to this day I gotta say it's been a pleasure [Bun B] They say that you never really know  what you got 'til it's gone and can't touch it (touch it) If it look too good to be true, you can't trust it (trust it) If you never had it (had it) then you can never miss it (miss it) But looks can be deceivin, so don't you get it twisted (twisted) Walked a lot of miles in these old school J's (J's) Thought of many ways, lookin at back in the days (days) Like how to climb from in between a rock, and a hard place How to keep your cool when you're dealin with a hard case (with a hard case) And how to duck, when the judge throw the book at you (the book at you) And it's a two-sided mirror that you're lookin through (you're lookin through) The phone receiver's in your hand starin at your child (child) And your heart skips a beat every time they smile (smile) See that's how real life is and how it can be (can be) And how it's deeper then just comin down candy (candy) So I'm just tryin to play the cards that they hand me For those that overstood me, understand me It's been a pleasure [Drake] I'd like to say it's been a pleasure I'll just say it's been a pleasure {*echoes*} Artist: Bun B f/ Truck Buck Album: Trill O.G. Song: Gladiator * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Intro - Truck Buck - talking] The spirit of Pimp is in here (yeah) Truck Buck (uh huh), never give a fuck (yeah) 6300 Westside Port (haha) Southwest Superman (already) Yeah, Trill Gladiators (mayne) Yeah huh, yeah, goons catch ya in the street (yeah) Gladiators we come to your house like Pimp say (no shit) Uh huh and guess what? (what?) We ain't doin it for no money (what you doin it for nigga?) Haha, we doin this for loyalty nigga Tell them niggaz Bun [Verse 1 - Bun B] They thought it was over, they thought that I was done (I was done) They said I wouldn't last, I'm the last one (last one) I'm "Still Standing" like the Goodie to the Mo-B In a black hoodie, it's the O.G., you know me (me) Never bow to no feet or kiss no rings (rings) Hold my own ground, never doin ho things (things) Just to get accepted (accepted), just to be included ('cluded) Nigga I am from the South, that ain't how we do it (do it) True shit, you and your city must be on some new shit Gettin on my last nerve, such a damn nuisance Pussy niggaz on the rag, wearin Couture or Juicy You don't like what I say, fuck ya nigga, that's my two cents Opinions is like assholes and I don't like assholes So stick your opinion in your ass ho (in your ass ho) That's for whoever ain't me You just hatin on a nigga that ya know ya can't be [Chorus - Bun B] I'm a, gladiator, greater than the rest Bring who ever's won a battle, you'll never be the best Got a chest made of metal, a jaw made of steel When I put the hands of God on ya, tell me how it feels I'm a, gladiator, hardest of the G's Bring the biggest you can find, bet I drop him to his knees I bring it to ya now, fuck bring it to ya later And never take no shit up off a hater, 'cause I'm a gladiator [Verse 2 - Bun B] Now make way for the big man (man) 'Fore somebody catch a smack from the big hand (hand) Rap-a-Lot is in the building and we in control ('trol) "II Trill" comin through nigga, make a hole (make a hole) And we ain't askin you but one time Give a fuck if you pedestrian or the one time (time) Nigga you can walk the gauntlet or the gun line We can light the night sky up, like it's sunshine (shine) 'Cause I run mine (mine), this is native turf (turf) And we'll squeeze and toss a nigga like he made of Nerf (made of Nerf) He's playin games like it's Fisher Price (Price) They gonna find your ass gutted with a fishing knife (fishing knife) See now you gotta ask yourself a question Is he really serious or was he just testin? (testin) I hope your answer ain't the latter 'Cause I think you just made a mad motherfucker madder [Verse 3 - Bun B] And I don't want to be nobody but Never dick ride or see me swingin on nobody nuts (nuts) Real hood nigga (nigga), real street nigga (nigga) That'll stand up on his own two feet nigga (nigga) Never been a bitch, never had a plan to be (be) And talkin down on other niggaz ain't the man in me (me) A man walk it (walk it), exactly like he talk it We can swing it or stalk it 'til somebody white chalk it You don't want a problem pussy nigga (nigga), so don't bring us up Actin like you niggaz hard or twistin your fingers up (up) 'Cause you be bluffin in the streets I let the dogs out, then I let the hogs out, 'til it's nothin in the street There is nothin industry or Hollywood about me (about me) I'm no studio gangsta (gangsta) but if you want to doubt me (doubt me) Then catch me on the corner (corner) and run up if you wanna (wanna) To kill your pussy ass will be a motherfuckin honor, 'cause [Outro - Truck Buck - talking] (Bun B) Yeah, yeah, ya hear me bitch ass niggaz? Uh huh, any nigga talkin shit, we comin to see ya (gladiator) Picnics, to ya house, barbecues, yeah Anywhere, clubs, tell him who comin Bun (gladiator) Artist: Bun B f/ Candi Redd, Just Brittany, RawLT, Surreal, TroubleSum Album: Trill O.G. Song: Sext Me * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Chorus 2X: Just Brittany] I'm lookin sexy, I'm feelin sexy You wanna sex me, then take a picture baby text me You wanna freak me all you gotta do is Tweet me But don't you trick me baby treat me [Bun B] Yeah, well this is dedicated to the opposite sex, it's for all the lonely ladies with no man lyin next to ya Need a real trill man to rub and caress ya (ress ya) Lay you down and undress ya (dress ya) Put it on ya and bless ya (bless ya) Baby look no further, I'm the one you need to say yes ta (yes ta) I don't need nobody else up in this bedroom, just ya Yeah (yeah) cause you and me we makes a hell of a pair I like you scratchin my back, you like me pullin yo' hair And I don't care - Black, White, Puerto Rican or Asian European, Cape Verdean, Creole or Cajun Domestic, international, even cosmopolitan College girls, housewives, workin or you modellin (hold up) I'm lovin all shapes, all colors, all sizes (sizes) In the dark or in the broad day with no surprises (prises) I got a suite that's on reserve at the telly (telly) Ready, willin and waitin so just hit me on my celly (celly) It's goin down [Candi Redd] Oh, Candi Redd! 2 A.M. and we gon' get it in, afterparty we gon' kick it off Put your favorite dessert all over my body and let you li-lick it off I'ma light these Roman therapy candles and grind slow while undressin Move yo' way in this lingerie baby, come open yo' present Up and down like a light switch, I ain't Just Brittany but it make me sing I'm all over that night stick, keep beatin it up like I'm Rodney King From behind with a tight grip, go on 'head boy do yo' thing Tryin to let you hit it with that flex when you on yo' way to see me with that text [Surreal] I bet the neighbors know his name the way he beat it out the frame Surreal ride it like an 8-0-8, that sex good, he know it's great I work them hips, I work that face, throw it back and he daddy stroke Put whip cream on that kitty cat, eat it up and it purr back Pull my hair, arch my back, forget them clothes, throw 'em on the flo' He grip my thighs I'm goin live; Miss Aquafina, he know I'm wild What he do? Just text me, you wanna freak me? Just Tweet me Hit the flex when you sext me; I'm on my way so he can sex me [TroubleSum] I'm a sexting, model Lookin like lemonade in a Coke bottle, 'llac with my left eye's followed So boulders try to hit on me harder than Drago W-T-F O-M-G; semi-colon parenthesis T-T-Y-L on the screen (uh-huh) Your girls'll say kick on the touch screen Smart Phones, sleek, my presence make him hurry (uh-ha) So they all wanna talk sweet to my +BlackBerry+ [RawLT] I'm in my wife beater, +Boy Shorts+, laid back, comfortable H-2-O, not RFL; flow so incredible Candy sweet, edible, fo' G, digital Tell me what you need but please don't call, gotta sell it back good, hands on Rollin on kush, roll thin, they appetite large, V-12 engine Scorpio, I handle my business, no tip but I stole what I finish Roll like thick I got that holla back, make her wanna follow that Look daddy, no hands - can you handle that? [Just Brittany] Treat me {*echoes*} Artist: Bun B f/ The Gator Main, GLC Album: Trill O.G. Song: Real Live * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Intro - Bun B - talking] (*echo*) Bitch don't play, for real It's P.I., no bullshit, back up off me I'm so serious about this I'm so serious about this Move around bitch, if you ain't down, move around bitch Church on the move [Verse 1 - Bun B] Say bitch you fuckin with a boss (boss) Trill O.G. that didn't come to take a loss (take a loss) I paid the cost to be who I are (are) And they know it when they see me ridin my car (car) Candy, with the 'dro inside a big jar (jar) I'm about to roll that motherfucker in a cigar (cigar) And when the swisha sweet is hit, a be careful (why?) That smoke'll have you coughin all your shit up (all your shit up) I'm in my everyday get up (what?) Black T, Levis, Jordans and them diamonds that stay lit up (that stay lit up) You wanna be like Bun B, then step yo' fit up Nigga this is Player's School, pay attention, sit up (nigga sit up) 'Cause big daddy's on the block (block) Smokin private stock and his bitch is sellin cock (cock) Hit the block, count the cash, get the G's, get the dough And if you never did this shit before (shit), you can hit the do' (hit the do') [Chorus - Bun B] - 2X I need a real live ho (live ho) That'll pick it up and drop it to the flo' (to the flo') Fo' sho', now bust it open, let me see it If you're lookin for a man ho, you know I can't be it (can't be it) [Verse 2 - The Gator Main] Okay, Gator, Main, nigga I-I-I need a real live bitch (yeah) To get out on that block until her daddy get rich (uh) Now come and let a nigga put you on my gift list This Rap-a-Lot bitch, grab a shovel, dig this (dig this) Broke bitch, get a hustle, flip this (yeah) If you don't like it, you can raise like a lift kit (a lift kit) Little bitty boy, I was lifted Off of kush smoke, seventh grade, must've missed it (missed it) I start blowin up like some Bisquick Fish stick ass nigga, plex, it was dismissed My name be on top of nigga's hit list Better yet my name be on top of a nigga's wish list (wish list) Canary diamonds lookin like a piss test Shorty wanna be with me, she better be a rich bitch (rich bitch) Or she better be a dime don diva When I'm down in the H-Town fuckin around with Bun Beeder, nigga [Chorus] - 2X [Break - GLC - talking] Know the ism will continue to rotate mayne, you know what I'm talkin 'bout? Non-pimpin wouldn't be prudent, you know what I'm talkin 'bout? Learn a lot from the teacher and the student man It's GLC with my mentor Bun [GLC talking behind Break] - 4X Everywhere I go, hold up, pimpin is respected [Verse 3 - GLC] Everywhere I go, hold up, pimpin is respected Hoes keep a player chose, honor and accept it Astonishin collective, my ism is effective Wake up to some pressed clothes, pussy and some breakfast Pimpin is a threshold, physically neglected Women call my phone and plea for GLC to smash this Tryin to check on me and see what they could come and help with Yeezy's and some LIG's they wasn't on the shelf bitch Just because your man be wearin that, what is that some velvet? He at least intriguin, so I call him Robert Redford Get an A for effort That's when situations always lead to somethin desperate I'm at another airport Church is on the move, ooh, let me be your shepherd The mackin Moses I was on it, I was caught up in the moment, mackin moment of atonement Askin me to be your man, when you know the answer no, bitch (hell nah) [Chorus] - 4X Artist: Bun B f/ Big Capp, Young Money Moe Album: Trill O.G. Song: Git In * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Intro - Big Capp - talking] Yeah, Big Capp, pussy Pussy ass Tryin to get in where you fit in, huh? (Pimp C) Well ain't no room over here (UGK) Bun, Bun (Young Money Moe) II Trill West (West) II Trill (II Trill), II Trill (II Trill), West [Verse 1 - Bun B] Man God damn I hate a buster Talkin about he shinin but his shit is lackluster (lackluster) No karats in his chain, no cluster Nigga you a burger, try to catch up to the mustard (mustard) Lame ass, who responsible for makin you? Phonier than a motherfucker, I can see the fake in you I can see the Jake in you, you look like a teller (like a teller) I ought to shoot ya dog ass, like Old Yeller (like Old Yeller) Fly fella? Hell nah, more like half man Half nothin else, it's so sad, I can't laugh man (man) Or even smirk (smirk), nigga you's a jerk (jerk) You gonna make me have to put in work and go berserk ('serk) Wanna be me ass nigga, get off the testes ('tes) The greatest like Gretzky, don't test me (me) With flyin colors, I'll pass your pop quiz I'm sick, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, you know the biz (biz) [Chorus - Bun B] We been fuckin bitches (bitches), we been stackin riches (riches) We been duckin snitches (snitches) [get in pussy nigga] We been gettin dough (dough), we been bunch of hoes (hoes) With G's and they know (know) [get in pussy nigga] We been sittin clean (clean), we been gettin green (green) We been on the scene (scene) [get in pussy nigga] We been gettin paper (paper), we been shakin haters (haters) We gon' see ya later (later) [get in pussy nigga] [Verse 2 - Bun B] Man God damn I hate a lame (lame) Green as a garden, talkin about he in the game (game) Say he got them grams (grams), barely got them grains (grains) Lyin on your work and it's a motherfuckin shame (shame) Worst than a dame, always peekin in your doors (doors) Short stop and stains (stains), tryin to fuck your hoes (hoes) Trickin on the cool, nigga payin for the freaky (freaky) It ain't like I care but why your ass bein sneaky? (sneaky) To each his own partner, move along partner I don't need a nigga like you in my zone partner Give me fifty feet (feet) or maybe fifty yards (yards) Fuck your fifty town, ? is fraud (fraud) Say you got them yams and you sittin on some yay (yay) Asked him for a ten piece, he hit me with a trey (trey) Got me fucked up partner, who you tryin to play? (play) Keep your dirty dope, your shit ain't butter anyway, okay? [Verse 3 - Young Money Moe] You better get in where you fit in All these pussy ass niggaz jumpin back on my dick again Been ridin clean, pull up in the newest Benz And I never lose, bitch I was born to win (I was born to win) Man, all these niggaz Powderpuffs Talkin tough, all them drugs got 'em gassed up (gassed up) And it's DOA, if Big Capp come We'll put your body Underground, you could ask Bun (ask Bun) I'm the last of a dyin breed Thirty karats in the piece got your girl eyein me (mommy) It's II Trill West, we a dynasty 'Cause I am, what you're tryin to be Fuck where you're comin from, save your apologies Westside, a rider, got a Makaveli prophecy (Westside) I'm one of the best that they ever seen Young Money Moe, I'm a motherfuckin prodigy (prodigy) [Outro - Big Capp - talking] Yeah, you niggaz heard him We been gettin paper and shakin haters Bun B, UGK, Trill Entertainment (Get in pussy nigga) (Yeah) II Trill West, Big Capp Young Money Moe, Pimp C, rest in peace We love you brother, we miss you bro (Get in pussy nigga) Straight up, pussy I smell pussy (Get in pussy nigga) Pussy ass niggaz Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: The Best Is Back * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * iTunes bonus track [Intro - Bun B - talking] God damn! (God damn!) Guess who's back in the motherfuckin house? (motherfuckin house) The King of the Trill bitch, you guessed it "UGK 4 Life" ho (4 Life ho) You already know how we gettin down this time around (time around) We representin for the po' town (po' town), bitch And the motherfuckin best is back Hold up, yeah [Verse 1 - Bun B] Ladies and gentlemen, you already know that it's him again Lettin 'em hang, non-feminine, crunk like I'm gone off Ritalin Chopped off top, there's no middle and throwed on that load again with no vodka, show shocker, mo' rocker in the slab (in the slab), "Bend It Like Beckham", no soccer (no soccer) And no doctor can diagnose, the symptom when I approach My victim, from the back and tie the rope (rope) And throw 'em over the ledge like Blanket, throw a thrower over your head, all over your dead Go 'head quote 'em, he said it was bound to happen (happen) when you fuck around with the clowns and down for clappin (clappin) Get strapped, ready to pop rounds up out the Magnum (Magnum) When they hop out and jack 'em (jack 'em) Call the coroner to come out and wrap 'em Put him under the tree, so every one of ya can see That ain't no fuckin with the Bun to the B, niggaz [Chorus] - 2X "Guess who's back? Me" "There's no competition, huh, 'tion" "Aww sh-shit, hold up" "Guess who's back? Shut 'em down" "Hurt-hurtin boys" "It's over, it's over" "'Cause the best is back bitch" [Verse 2 - Bun B] It's Bun Beeder mayne, ridin with the heater mayne Niggaz know that I'm the hardest out since the peta mayne (mayne) Hot doggin, yeah smoke dog comin out foggy Lettin off at your toes, hi froggie (hi) My third leg loggy and your bitch is a lumberjack You'd of killed that ho if you knew what I'd done to that (to that) She chopped my tree down, often if I slumber jack Beggin me to call but shit I don't know where her number at (at all) And on the cool, I ain't lookin for it either though Or the bitch before her, no I ain't lookin for neither ho (naw) It ain't like I really need her though Once she drop to her knees and let me skeet it out, nigga she can go (go) Lead her out like a blind man walkin Like Sandman dancin, it's over, stop talkin I'm sparkin mo' dodo (dodo), blazin mo' kush up (kush up) Comin mo' harder than a no hand push-up (push-up) [Verse 3 - Bun B] Let's pass the peas like we used to say and put it down like we used to play Let's make the news today and leave some cement in they shoes today Say what we choose to say and lay down who we choose to lay And we leave 'em laid (laid), while we leavin paid (paid) Fair and square nigga, sound like an even trade (trade) Triple cross and we leave 'em sprayed (sprayed) Spayed and neutered, no matter how much you pray to the shooter's face (face) 'Cause there's no emotion ('motion) and there's no elation ('lation) Then he realizes the reaper of the show he facin (facin) Secret words like a holy mason (mason) Was all he heard before I took his head off (head off) and I blew his face in (face in) Who ya chasin? Ain't no catchin up Keep ya weapon tucked, be ready to buck and knuckle up, whenever you steppin up Takin it as your guns are just, the fact that leavin it less is crap Never leave less than that It's just a fact that nigga the best is back, bitch (yeeeeaah) Artist: Bun B Album: Trill O.G. Song: Untitled Flow (58 Bars) * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * iTunes bonus track [Verse 1 - Bun B] You see me, you know that I'm on my Deen Down to get down anytime by any means Known to be OT, reppin on any scene And all about the paper, we stackin up plenty green From my city to your city, it's all the same These hoes disrespectin, they callin you out your name These niggaz lookin for work, there's guarantee to lock Put they dope up in they sock, then head out to the block These snitches wearin G uniforms to blend in Yeah we know you one of the ones Feds gon' send in Got caught, out of town, lookin at a dime So you wanna give other niggaz ya time And here's the new plan, they cut the dope way before you can By the time you get it, you like what the fuck to do man? You better be a certified chef Or your whole sellers fittin to go left to the death And street niggaz ain't got receipts so They fittin to try to sleep yo ass on the d-low Ridin like Deebo, comin like Carter You rollin like Marsellus Wallace, we roll harder Start a situation and we bring it to the end So take a memo motherfucker, send it to a friend Then send it to your kin or whoever care 'Cause when we come, we takin out whoever there Yeah, real talk, this is real nigga attitude Bring it your face, give me longitude and latitude Better show me some gratitude Or I'm a show you why God himself ain't never made a badder dude Then the one standin in front of you Bitch you know what I'm a do and don't call me B, this Mr. Bun to you Motherfucker fix ya grammar The next time you call a nigga bamma, you better have a hammer And I ain't talkin 'bout all that nail shit I'm talkin 'bout they poppin off and makin you bail shit We ride like Amtrak cross country You badder bitch? Then come in front and try to chump me Ah shit, ding, ding goes the bell That's the sign that ya bitch ass is fittin to take a L Don't give it to ya homeboy, take it for yourself And after I give it to ya, you can take it and tell And put in on ya Facebook wall And let your friends see, how a trill nigga took y'all and shook y'all Stompin like a nigga that's ten foot tall But don't trip it's just a friendly game of football Hold up and I'm the Super Bowl quarterback But yo bitch ass? You ain't even much a starter jack Go ahead and take ya team to the showers When we done with the trophy bitch, you can have ours 'Cause we packin more power And bound to make ya stop, drop and roll like the fuckin Twin Towers Hours on the clock goin by like seconds When you in the middle of a chin check and I wreck it With real live thugs at my beck and call They won't find no trouble disrespectin y'all So you bound to fall, somebody yell "timber!" You fuckin with the down South King, call me Simba And remember, who the fuck ya talkin to Or you'll see the pearly gates you'll be walkin through, fool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Bun B, Drake Album: The Naked Soul of Sweet Jones Song: What Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Drake] Yeahhhh, yeah, uhh High Rollers, what's up? Drink Houston, what's up? Onyx, what's up? You does it baby, you does it baby Harlem Nights, what's up? Treasures, what's up? Legends, what's up? Just love me baby, just love me baby Yeahhhh (yeah) to all my Houston, Texas country muffins Baby let me hit that liquor and that blunt you puffin And after that, I'ma throw that fuckin Young Money up and we can both watch it fall like it's bungee jumpinnnn Man, I'm so high Next time we won't smoke all of the ounce you buy Ooh, I almost forgot to blow the candles out Cause I don't really wanna fall asleep and light this house on fire Good night, I'm still up, I told my girl to lay down I see the bottle is full, I'm 'bout to drink it way down What up Bun my nigga? Man you know we stay down And I'm a honorary resident in UGK town I'm on my way... yeah I'm on my way I never give a fuck about what any nigga say The music all slow and the bitches all pretty Me and Pimp about to do it for the city in this thang [Chorus: Drake] What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup H-Town in this bitch What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup Me and Pimp about to do it for the city What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup [Pimp C] Uhhhhhh Money by the ton (ton) bricks from crumbs (crumbs) Millionaire from nothin (nothin) mind on hustlin (uhh) Pussy's a commodity but dick sells better Wearin Dickies and high shoes to a Cashmere sweater (uhh) Paint done got wetter than it was in nine-fo' (fo') The drank done got thicker and the dirt weed rolled (rolled) Nine-six Impala with the stick on the flo' (flo') Now it's Bentley fo' do's with my 'dro all on the do' (do') Gas light wood nigga Polo, fuck Hilfiger ('figer) Jammin Slim Thug (Thug) belly full of drugs (drugs) Young hard nigga (nigga) underdog nigga (nigga) Yellow lights on the ground cut through the fog pussy nigga Yellow diamonds on my finger, playin in the car (car) My dick wanna fuck but my pockets say stop (stop) Not cause they empty I'm just greedy for some mo' (mo') I need some mo' dough, I'm a P-I-M-P fo' sho' [Bun B] What up doe, Young Drizzy Sweet James Jones, Bun Beada Well it's the Trill O.G., I got the neighborhood soul Kushes kid I'm gettin blowed, ride and bang and get throwed And the candy painted low (low) chrome grill in front of it Belts on the back of it, my chromey shoes runnin shit And shorty on the side of me is straight up off the King cover (cover) Don't care what anybody say long as the king love her (love her) Wish I could tell her that I don't but it would kill her I just keep on grippin grain (drippin stain) bein trilla Ain't another brother realer, blowin thousand dollar killa with that Filipino flow that I just got in from Manila 'Bout to snow up in my city - so let me put on my chinchilla In the 'rari doin +Donuts+ like my name was J Dilla (Dilla) All about the skrilla so just point me to the dealer Keep the work up in the attic and the money in the cellar (cellar) Your girl up in the second, automatics for the fellas (fellas) You see us in the back then all you gotta do is tell us [Outro: Drake] What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup H-Town in this bitch What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup H-Town in this bitch What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup H-Town in this bitch What uuuuuuuuuuuup, what uuuuuuup Me and Pimp about to do it for the city The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pimp C f/ Chamillionaire Album: The Naked Soul of Sweet Jones Song: Love 2 Ball Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - Pimp C] Hey baby, we sure love to ball (love to ball) Ooh baby, we sure love to ball (love to ball) Hey baby, we sure love to ball (love to ball) Ooh baby, we sure love to ball (we sure love to ball) [Verse 1 - Pimp C] I like smokin out and +Pourin' Up+ I'm breakin car lots, two hundred thousand dollars, I'm showin up The street life get my watches glowin up New Motorola smartphone, steady blowin up I remember doin bad Always knew I would get it, it didn't make me sad 'Cause I was a beast with it I keep my khakis with a crease in it (crease in it) Sharp as a knife I crawled back in the day but bitch now I'm ballin tonight (ballin  tonight) [Verse 2 - Chamillionaire] I got a call on my celly, while I was jammin some Screw (woo) And it was that P-I-M-P, mayne what's up with you? Slab was sittin outside and he had bought 'em in twos I painted one candy red and I painted one candy blue And you, know all the women, want to conversate for a few 'Cause my jewelry sick like hachoo and my necklace still got the flu She said her name was a Nakia but I had to nickname ya boo I had to nickname her chlorine 'cause your chick stay wet as a pool It's true, boys want a verse from me but they couldn't afford me Be talkin so much game that a Pimp gon' wish to record me (for real) Been a H-Town baller, I'm talkin swishin like Horry Ain't nobody gettin my glory, ain't nobody +Trippin+ like Cory Mo, already know that I keep a room in my vault I signed a check to myself, so I guess that makes me my boss Therealestever.com and I ain't gonna sign off It ain't no stoppin our ballin like we ran out of timeouts (hold up ...) [Verse 3 - Pimp C] Uh, summertime niggaz (niggaz), Phantom ain't the answer Fly, I can't enjoy it, I think my daddy's got cancer (huh) Pistol in my lap, I'm rocked up like Miss Chancer (starter) Fist turn a trick a five like Jo Jo dancer Old nigga doin boy, hit a house one knot (knot) Years seventy, eighty, stole all our Christmas lot (bitch) My whole life I was exposed to the fast lane Runnin through my blood, seventy-five thousand for the chain (chain) Fifty thousand for the watch piece But I'll take it off bitch to squabble with ya in the streets I'm Dr. Dre of the South, ya better watch your mouth Michael Jordan, underdog, see ya at the Playa's Ball (bitch ...) [Break - Pimp C] - w/ ad libs Say baby, turn yourself around, so I can love you good Hey baby, girl you so sweet Good time, go on and sign my meat (sign my meat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Akon Album: Bad as Hell 12" Song: Bad as Hell Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com  {*cell door shuts*} {Konvict} [Akon - Into] Oh-kayyyyye...Oh-kayyyyye... Oh-kayyyyye... It's A-kon And U-G-Kaaaaye, and U-G-Kaaaaye And U-G-Kaaaaye, it's A-kon [Chorus: Akon] That girl she got me where she movin in place Bendin in front of these people, wit dat butt in face I want her bad as hell (hell), I'm so ready, cain't you tell? I want her bad as hell (hell), I can't control it, cain't you tell, baby? [Pimp C] Show me whutcha workin wit (wit) Ever got knocked off on a bumper kit? (kit) I keep the Gold Magnum rubber wit some K-Y (Y) Try to see where I'm comin/cummin from, get it in yo' eye (huh) I like it when you get DAHHHOWN like a gurl suppose (pose) Roll on her donk but get dat shit up out yo' nose (nose) Is that where all your money goes? (goes) I spend mine on Benz and Vogues Voices choices, get on the pole Slide down, move around and bring the money back home Heeeee ain't pimp, he's a clone Gurl wanna eat my dick when dey smell my cologne I'm so +Th'owed in Da Game+ like Pat The gurl can't ball, but the muthafucka fat GURRRRL, whatcha gon' do wit all dat? Pimp C, you miss tease, I dine from the back (from the back) [Bun B] She was, 36-24-40 Centerfold stallion, the, life of the party All eyes on her, and that goes for me too Five-inch heels and a dress that's see-thru (dayum!) As soon as I saw her, I knew that it was time (it was time) As soon as she saw me, she knew that she was mine (she was mine) If this is a dream, then I don't wanna wake and it this is as good as it seems, c'mon you gotta shake (gotta shake) Her body's not real, it look like Crumb drew here If she don't step to me, I finna run to her And off top, man, my mouth'll drop man For a minute, it felt like the world just stopped, man (dayum!) It started again, now I'm startin to feel like I could really give baby girl the heart of a trill And once you got the heart (heart), you got the dough But right now we gots to go, 'cause baby girl gots to know [Pimp C] They +Boyz+, we +Men+, they +On Bended Knees+ Make her disappear, you ant the Texas Tea Gurls in France like Texas D They say, "Ooooooh la la, ah-OUI-OUI!" [Bun B] Well merci beaucoup, baby girl you know you got the hot +butter+ that my +knife+ gotta go through Sometimes it cuts slow, sometimes it cut quick It don't matter, because it's still good dick - c'mon! [Akon] Shawty got me open now Shake and see what a playa holdin now Grippin the tight, she ready to own me now Takin her to the tele, to the mornin now And round and round I go When I come up and down, she go When she come, everybody know When we come, money's on the flo', baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. Album: Baller Blockin' Soundtrack Song: Family Affair Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Pimp C] Comin' through, bumpin' screw, blowin' sweet red hair Bitches slippin' I ain't trippin' it's a family affair If ya click ain't brandin' then ya click ain't shit Most niggas come around ya just to ride ya dick Cause ya got deep investments in the girl called crack And ya pimp her and ya pipe her and she pay fo' yo Lac Fool, you make a lot of money but cha' talk too much Countin' chickens that ain't there'll get cha' caught in a fuss Makin' false accusations, fake boot in yo mug Niggas trippin on that click'll take yo life and yo drugs Cause out here ain't no love, just Miller's and killers And some trilla life ass niggas, pimpin' hoes like gorillas Niggas in Caddys say scrilla but to me it's just ends I'd rather roll 96' Lac than a 83' Benz If you got murderers in yo family put cho' blunt in the air Flippin' and dippin' me and yo chicken, it's a family affair [Hook: Pimp C] Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair It's a family affair, it's a family affair Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair It's a family affair, it's a family affair Candy paint, sweets and dank, it's a family affair [Bun B] Port Arthur, Texas represented by long lines and G's Where niggas'll fuck you out cho' money, yo mind, yo keys From the days of Pugh boys, tries and Mickey D's fight The fact that Beans was tight, B.V. on Sunday night We had the first family, C and Mr. Chris Brown My niggas DJ and Leroy was puttin' shit down My DJ burns Volvo, Ski-Daddy and Big Mitch J.B. and Big Bun one crazy son of a bitch Y.G.'s, Lil' Daze, Rat Raw, and Ty B. and the rest The Louis Manor Posse, some of Port Arthur's best And Carver Terrace, known as Jesse Prince House Westside got that way and that power will dismiss y'all BJ, Savanah, 5-0-3, 8th Street and mini-mart Reventual and Beverly's is full of fools with plenty heart And Villa, Main, Jefferson, Rampart longs in ya face With Swisha Sweet Houses all over the place Cause it's a family affair [Hook] [Bun B] Hold up, gots to holla at the playas from my city Real, trill ballers makin' half ass hustlers look shitty Talkin' bout Linda Brown, Kita Shirley scratch That chicken coupe, with a flock of birds ready to hatch Lil' Earl, Big Boy fool and Percy Blake our brew Lil' Block, O.B., Squeak can't forget about you B.J., Kiyay, Spoon-Guy we been down here long Lil' Lynn and K-I-R yeah them boys real strong Gary Ellis, B. Cricket, Dooky, Shandre Shagg J-Will, Kite, the sinuses'll kill smokin' big bags Wreckin' Crew, R-B-J, Lucky's in the shack Yeah that P.A. click, they got them stacks and that's a fact [Pimp C] I'm a pimp ass nigga, so I collect riches Don't spend my time trickin' with hoes Ain't supposed to hang with no snitches Now niggas down with this, or down for offerin' shallow pockets But when the drama jump down ain't nobody down but cha' mama Some women fuck they men a lot, they think they pussy the bomb No matter how much she fuck him, he in another bitch arm And even though you sucked the mushroom head of his dick He still gon' go back to them hoes cause in his heart he a trick And yo bank account lookin' low My pimpin' is straight lookin' thick She's see the ho and I'm the pimp and straight dis this shit You can't say ya guard low and ya covers is bare One of my hoes just broke a trick and it's a family affair [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: The Corruptor soundtrack Song: Take it Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Take it off.. 	Baby take it alll.. off.. [Pimp C] Uhh, take it off chick, bend over, let me see it If you lookin for a trill-type figure, let me be it Got the V-12 Benz, parked outside It ain't enough room to fit dem guls in my ride It's onna, work somethin, twerk somethin basis Makin big change, dancin in them tricks faces She sleep in the day, but bump some booty at night You kiss that thang and I'm out, cause she been playin with my pipe Now get your mind right, hater, you a simp (a simp) And I'm a red hot undercover pimmmmmp (pimmmmp) that make them guls get down on the flo', on the flo' Like a real live money makin pro, uhh Chorus: Pimp C You gotta take it off, take it off, UNH And let a first class nigga break you off, chick You gotta take it off, take it off, UNH And let a first class nigga break you off some, chick [Bun B] Unh.. It was a Secret that Victoria tried to hide A little sly delight, I done pushed my pride aside just to slide inside, man I done died tonight Now what I'm 'sposed to do? Been got close to you Lookin like a poster to, don't wanna boast but you Missus do a Dr. Feelgood, lay a playa real good Limpin came back, and it was still good, she will put a few tips in her mouth, that's that definition of them true chicks in the South, let me do my thang on the cool quick to the crotch, get the beds but guess what? We kickin them hot, shakin it soft, shoulda been here She did eight and the law, but you was late and you lost Man she was takin it off Chorus [Pimp C] I'm sitting, touchin' with my diamonds on, and man I miss that boy Pac, sippin' liquor tryin' to grip the chrome I keep a chip off in my cell phone, they used to call me Pimp C but now the chicks they call me James Jones And if I skip I'm back to D-slangin, keep them boys nod-headed Keep the boppers with they butts swangin I used to be the young playa holdin Now I leave them guls with they jellyroll swollen, I'm rollin Chorus [Bun B] Comin direct from the Gentlemen's, full of that flint again Live on stage fellas, this is Cinnamon Fine, Black and feminine, I'm fin to win, look at the sin I'm in Full of hallucinogens, me her and her friends Now the venom in my snake, wanna poison Come in with a brother and the boys and make sure you don't forget to bring the toys and we stuck it check it, we gots to keep em gettin bucked naked Makin it soft, we keep these boppers takin it off Chorus 2X [Pimp C] Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ UGK Album: Dangerous Ground soundtrack Song: It's Alright Typed by: nelly@itis.com Too Short: I love things about you (it's alright) you got it going on I'm not in love and this is not a love song, but you've been down for so long You should never be wrong, I know it's all my fault My mind been gone, I'm always on the chase Lipstick on my face, when I get home You gotta get on my case, cause I've been fuckin' up Coming home smelling like her, I can't fuck it up Call your mama tell her how it hurts, tell her I'm a dog, but don't say that's all I came in first place at the players ball, and now I got my skrill on My new grill on, put you through some shit girl But I know you're real strong, you say I never find a real one like you But I never take the time to feel like you, I put the game down The way it's suppose to be, don't be a punk ass bitch, just get open with me Too Short talking:  Cause I'm a real player. A-yo Pimp C I don't think they feel us. Pimp C: There's a very thin line between love and hate And there's a very thin line between a fuck and a date Girl you know when I was hollering at you I want to hit, I ain't got time to get caught up over a girl and lose my grip I'm screaming "Steady pimp" you steady trying a change me Running that game your mama taught you, bitch that shit don't faze me Say bitch I'm Pimp C, I shall be seen again But all that shit your cousin toldyou has gone in the wind Just cause I pimp my pen, you think you moving in Like I'm a trick I'm a let you have half of everything I spend You talking week rent, I'm trying to whip a Benz Flipping the club with pimps like Too Short, baby lady friends Talking bout your sister saw me with a brand new bitch at the club Coming at me wiht high school shit, bitch you must be in love  Space Age, new faze, I done payed the price Hoping you ain't bout to rip my stable, she said I'm shift But bitch that's alright  Pimp C talking: You can keep your funky ass pussy, you know what I'm saying? Straight up. What's up Short? Too Short: Shit go back to pimpology man. These hoe know it's alright though and if they don't Bun will let them know. Bun B: Baby you're hangin' on a rope, it's getting crucial like dope I can't cope, I guess the situation has lost all hope Cause you've obviously flipped your lid, but what's done is did I'm putting youup for sale for the highest bid Or an ass from kid shit, you got me twist-ed Little Bun won't be another statist-ic, this love affair went ballist-ic Puttin' them messy ass hoes up in my mix like Bisquick And thinkin' you gonna leave Big Bun juiced like mystic Nigga believe me shit's thick, loves lost nothing's gained but confusion about the pain You losing about the same, you can't tame, a wild animal Feeding lettece to a cannibal, make a grown man wear goranibals And I can't handle, bullshit that's unnessessary You can't handle being with a G, I guess it's scary It's the very thing that put us together seperated us Player hated us, and things will never be the way it was I hate to say it cause, but find another shoulder to cry on Stop gettin' your lie on, baby it's alright Too Short talking: I wanna dedicate this song to my bitch, quit tripping and bring your ass home, baby I love you, al long as you got my money Pimp C talking: You know what I'm saying? It's 199 reits, know what I'm sayin', straight up pimpin', you know what I'm talking about, I'm trying to see some papers, some dead ones. Bun B talking: Some real shit going on, you know what I'm saying? This is Big Bun and I'm out with my nigga Short and my nigga Pimp C. You know how players is with bitches on your dick. Pimp C talking: Pimping ain't dead, they just scared you know what I'm talking about? What's up Short? Too Short: Ain't no love bitch (ha ha ha ha) Beeotch. Tell them motherfuckers at Jive to quit trippin'. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ Keith Murray, Lord Jamar Album: Don't Be A Menace... soundtrack Song: Live Wires Connect Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar Intro/Chorus: Lord Jamar The east to the west Up north to the down south Live wires connect So if you swangin on thangs 	(Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar) or down to gangbang, or waitin on the train It's still the same thang *repeat* [Bun B] You cut your mind and your body with the rhyme and the shotty Go and find me or hidin, with wine and Bacardi Get down like John Gotti then I gotta get lost I'm gone in the wind My momma keep on tellin me there's Bun in the sin I guess I'm hell-bound destined to learn my lesson, sess in my chestin It burn but I keep on puffin, no bluffin They don't call me Big Bun for nothin No homeboys you come dead, well put em to rest Bumba clocks em all dead, wit two in his chest Botty bwoy you come dead, and if in all die Will you run dead em again? Well go on buddy let em fly That's how it is in my city, and your city sir it gets no pretti-er just more gritty per capita, all around >From the five boroughs on down to the mighty Bro town Chorus [Lord Jamar] Now watch this current rock it current for a sentence for a triple homicide, cripple any drama that reside in the mind of those livin outside of my stateline Let em know we all the same kind with the same crimes, catchin the same time, which translates to hang time Organised gangs slangin dime Lord Jamar is black G-zuz, I sees this everywhere I go, brothers hustlin to make the doe Fast or slow, ya wanna see your cash grow like grass, but meanwhile take a blast of the el and let the smell resonate, never hesitate when it comes to puttin food on your plate Devise schemes by all means Like a sunrise when it beams, keep your eyes on the CREAM Live Wires on the team Connect, get respect for they realness I know you feel this Chorus [??????] Uhh, now who that tryin ta claim they be thumpin That's only when your funky little fake tape be bumpin You can catch a square and get done unfair because aah, I'll be there, I'll be right there Cocoa butter, got that, make em all for Real life hustler movie maker, I know how y'all feel But long as I'm alive I'ma do the right thing and block out this stress my past criminal life might bring The only way I use to nip it in the bud was ta try and put some bullets in some of you joker's guts I got victims, G it ain't about the face you make It's all about the place you take between yourself and snakes Now everybody open up your arms for the cocoa- Mr.Former Football Player-ex drug dealer-gold digger- killer with scrilla, they be missin me with the bomb breakin Cos I gets busy like no cornwheat Chorus [Pimp C] I'm tryin ta stack paper, these pigs can't stand me It's all about my family, it's all about my candy It's all about the crush, all about the feelin good All about the rush, all about us, the first family Somethin that a young fool never really planned to be but funny situations, do bring change and young fools do out here in this wicked game That's how I'm gon' starve when fools eatin steak Man, I can't stop now, too much money out here to make Now you could turn your nose up and you can suck your teeth but I gotta get this money, ain't nobody gonna get it for me And I might have to do shady things Stick up kid all out, no shame Run your rings, ear ring in change Don't make me give it to ya cos it ain't no thang I do it for the glory man, cuff the thangs I gotta let em hang, I'm stuck in '87 tryin to regain my brain Too many undercovers know my name A phone line like fire cos I'm a live wire Chorus [Keith Murray] Who is this with malicious onslaughts? Keith Murray, UGK and oh my Lord Jamar And we bustin on all you losers Ridin twenty-deep in two black Land Cruisers Recognise or get paralysed with the drum Where I'm from they promise you a fair one, then blast you with the gun And everybody standin around like it's funny Junior L.O.D pickin your pockets for your money The checkered, I slide off and make a funky record about it No more than four minutes and some seconds And live wire connected, from my peoples on the street who respect it and the jeeps, hoopties, Benz and Lexus My squad stretches from New York to Portland to Texas Let's see who's next to test this Some herbs, ready to get their heads served to the hard curb...... Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. f/ Master P, Silkk the Shocker Album: Down South Hustlaz: Bouncin' and Swingin' Song: Playaz From the South Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com Yeah...uh huh...ha ha ha [Bun B] Well live and direct, break yo neck to get a peep Of a true and livin' got damn fool I came to sweep you off yo got damn feet Now pass that sweet & get back Lookin' for action, retaliation, and reaction That's where that shit at Click clack that's that pistol Bullets cuttin' wind make a fucked up ass whistle You know it's yo dismissal Now this'll nip it in the bud For my brothers in the pen Every day I gots to bust two nuts nigga, what I put it down, keep puttin' it down, So I advise hoes to not fuck around This that Underground Bitch you couldn't cut the sound Would blow up, hold up Wrong move, but it's time To call the first family to handle these niggas Because we are the worst You bitch niggas laid yo eyes on I'm so fo' sure That these G's goin' fo', fo' and blow for blow It's Silkk, Master P, and U.G.K Front door, front row, slow it down ho, you know [Hook x4: Master P] Playas from the South stack G's Flippin' tight on that white With that candy on them gold D's [Master P] Fools hate the P cause I'm bout it (Bout it) I got them black soldiers on and I'm rowdy Ready to bust on the nigga that talkin' shit I'm bad, like Jason Don't compare with them other niggas Cause I ain't freebasin' Y'all niggas gone on that fried black I had fucked mo' niggas in the game then a quarterback I got them G's, them killers, them keys I'm fuckin' doublin' them D's I'm triplin' them T's Tryin' to make this dope into quarter keys Ask me where I'm from, New Orleans (New Orleans) Where them niggas in the projects be ballin' (Ballin') Slangin' that Iceberg and Plirens Runnin' from the sirens Don't know how to comp But work the fuck out a triple beam Eliminate niggas like Calgon (Calgon) If there was a motherfuckin' band I'd be a baritone See the P is from that motherfuckin' Calliope (Calliope) Where them niggas boot up and gold teeth Don't give a fuck about a ho (Ho) And niggas stuntin' on that water, water You know we bout it, bout it Don't give a fuck about seein no motherfuckin' tomorrow And won't stop, send me to the pen I won't stop til them motherfuckin' Saints go marchin' in [Hook x4] [Silkk the Shocker] 1-2-3, you know Silkk a G (G) All about that motherfuckin' mail (Mail) Gold on my ride, front back side-to-side You know a nigga all about them sales I don't fuck around with them niggas that front and stunt Nigga ain't ask yo bitch ass to come I'm from that Third Ward nigga (Uptown) In other words I run this shit right chea' For them niggas that boast, I be like blast it Watch the ground gets full of smoke And watch y'all get ghost like Casper Shit ain't gonna fuckin' change nigga Uh, I think not Cause I be on the same block, same house Same spot, same glock, cook more rock Fuck what ya heard recognize what I be sayin' Bitch ain't gon' never gon' die So when U.G.K Master P called me up Be on Down South Hustlers, I wasn't surprised Cause I'ma be the man to stand, I'm bound to make a mill Whoop, there it is y'all haven't heard But y'all bitches will Believe me, I got two for three, four for five Holla at cha' boy if ya need me And bitch I'm out [Hook x4] [Pimp C] Now if ya gave me a Sweet for every bitch that I fucked You'd have to bring four eightteen wheelers Fill em' from back to front Cause I'm Pimp C bitch, ain't no mistakin' Niggas tryin' to get the cheese But bitch I'm gettin' the bacon And wood and candy just an every day thing rubbin' bud Because ya like the way that fifth wheel And that grill look Cause I be comin' down, nigga my heart be true I'm fuckin' ya boo, I'm bumpin' that screw Nigga what's up with you I live and wept for ya nigga, he had it comin' though I represent my shit cause nigga I can't be no ho And just because we do perform Bitches be thinkin' That we don't have a fuckin' pocket full of stones I done drunk Miller with killers Sipped syrup with murderers Keep a boot in my mouth Just in case you bitches ain't heard of us Nigga, I live for the rush, I live for the crush I'm down with drinkin' Royal and the motherfuckin' Plush Yeah, and the motherfuckin Organized Noise boy, what's up [Hook x4] [Pimp C talking] Now I got holla at Port Arthur And all them motherfuckin' niggas in Texas Know what I'm talkin' about I know niggas be hollerin' Texas Just because it rhymes with Lexus But see, we just cool like that And uh understand that, uh It ain't all about this rap boy I'm tellin' you, I'm tellin' you, I told you Comin' down boy, fifth wheel Grill, candy ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK f/ N.O. Joe Album: I Got the Hook Up soundtrack Song: Bumper and Grill Typed by: ATLien770@aol.com (Pimp C) I gotta come down, I got a bangin trunk So when I come through you feel the slab just bump Them niggas sipin syrup and them bitches on that gin Man hit that sweet one time for Smoke-D locked down in that pen I'm blowin out the window, you know I'm rollin glass I'm bumpin that Screw, that t-a-t, that boy actin a ass  Cause down in Texas nigga, we got our own stores We got the baddest bitches and we roll the freshest cars I flip to New Orleans by you clask I'm on the scene Got dress improvement steam I step out that bitch so clean I poured out some liquor on the street for that fool Todd He was a trill ass nigga never came at me prod Man I was talkin to Playa G just the other night He told me about this nigga that was talkin about me shife Fool nigga this UGK Bun and C we run the streets And tell your bitch ass brother he can't fuck with my beats So if you wanna be bangin nigga the good shit don't come cheap I'm talkin 7000 over 3 knock off a G Cause fool this ain't no game nigga all about my change I'm comin baby Fleetwood swangin on them thangs (Chorus 4x) I gotta come down  I gotta stay real  I gotta break them boys off bumper and grill (Bun B) Now tell me what it's all about in the south Big gold grill in you mouth Much leather inside yo car, on yo back, in yo house Sit in a nigga's ride the seats feel like a couch Big keys in my pouch Bitch if it hurt say ouch Now if I look like a south don't try to cap You know a nigga like me be ridin dirty with big dope up in his lap Oh, but when I'm shinin bitch I'm blazin Hoes shrivlin up like raisins talkin bout it so amazin How big Bun be rollin through Texas with sexy hoes keepin they wig done Bustas bite the big one From dis to dip this swisher houses Let's flip from that maker maker to that after hours on Scott They always drinkin trip mixed with crush 75 or 4 Make a nigga wanna fuss, but I can't Cause I need the rush of codeine so I can lean I prop a pill  Cause I'm trill to the bone Crushin with that crome Chorus (N.O. Joe) What's up bruh this N.O. Joe representin gumbo Funk in you trunk that got yo ears wide open like you dumb ho I'm livin larger than most a coast to coast slipper That ice-bowl sipper that's never known to be a set tripper Too many diamonds for you to try to look at directly Haters don't check me they respect me A pistol packin, no shank, shiny grill, full tank Checkin out these bustas thinkin they real when they ain't Y'all call me mister foreign I'm comin down at navy porscha Either way I'ma be a highway scorcher, blunt torcher I'm catchin out doin 120 on the tallway the whole way Turnin the corners that I once hung out I got the boppers strung out Walkin around with they tounge out Naw, I stay behind the wheel grinnin Burnin 500 dollar rubber, 5000 dollar rim spinnin Chorus 7x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort & Pimp C f/ LeVitti Album: Most Valuable Playaz soundtrack Song: Playaz Life Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Too $hort] It's the life I live, I chose it Macked a lot of bitches and hoes, I know you know it Spit a lot of flows at shows and still rock it If I put her money in my pocket don't knock it Disrespect the game, you'll throw yourself off balance What's the true nature of the player hater's challenge? Nigga won't listen to me? I doubt it But if I tell the crowd say it loud they gon' shout it If I put my tape on the shelf you gon' buy it And if I tell a bitch turn a trick she gon' try it Too $hort baby, I drive a Mercedes Benz Spittin' this game since 1980 beotch (Beotch) Ask my nigga Pimp C It's '99 but we ride to new century Always gettin' money in this industry Pull out my old Caddy, bitches in the seats [Chorus: LeVitti] I'm just a player, livin' the players life And if you's a hater, you need to get some get-right Cause in a players life I be Posted like a boss, call me G Put the mack down on a punk bitch And she gon' meet me at the room with her two best friends [Pimp C] Comin' down on 'em in a candy toy Dip it like a baller like that nigga Lil Troy Breakin' these bitches ain't shit to us And bitch we make a lot of money but it's never enough The motherfuckin' ghetto can't leave us alone Sir Too $hort and that nigga Sweet Jones Breakin' these bitches with the microphone And always keep a chip in the cellular phone Spend eighty-five thousand on a 2000 S' And we got indo in Texas nigga, we smokin' the best In a fat ass Sweet, fuck Optimos Get twenty thousand dollars when we come for the shows When we get to your city, we fuckin' your hoes Bend over, let me see it bitch, touch your toes I'ma tell ya like $hort, I'll fuck your wife In the game makin' change livin' the players life [Chorus: LeVitti] I'm just a player, livin' the players life And if you's a hater, you need to get some get-right Cause in a players life I be Posted like a boss, call me G Put the mack down on a punk bitch And she gon' meet me at the room with her two best friends...  [LeVitti] I'm just a player, livin' the players life And if you's a hater, you need to get some get-right In a players life I be Posted like a boss, call me G Put the mack down on a punk bitch And she gon' meet me at the room with her two best friends I come up on a rich bitch And peel her for a little cash I'll pimp her 'til she ain't shit I'll pop my collar and the hoe know to get my cash I like a little hunny But I'd rather have the money It's pimpin' in the Bay mayne And the players out here ain't gon' never change She gon' sell her pussy And she gon' bring me back the cash She gon' sell her pussy Waitin' for the next hoe to come so I could pimp her ass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: Realest Niggaz Down South Song: Wood Wheel Typed by: thabigtyma@aol.com Pimp C: Uh...whuuuut (hehe) Smoke somethin', bitch...smoke somethin'... Pimp C: I'm up early 'cause my nigga Don't sell dope after night time. Love choppin' blades, rollin' hooptie 'N move the dope through the pipeline Pimp C, bitch...holla at yo' bitch, Now yo' bitch on my team; Got her buyin' us sticky green Lace some with promythazine Candy sweets, a candy bitch, You lookin' at a candy boy. I done came down Main and popped trunk; Hit the switch on my candy toy. We all young ghetto boyz, That's why we act this way. Tryin' to see a million dollars, Hopin' these niggas don't blast today. Bun B: Pro smoke, pro choke, Anti-broke, conservative liberal Left-wing slangin', right-wing hangin' In criminal court, it's civil. In the middle of re-al-it-y Unsolved mys-ter-ies riddle, Knockin' over fat cats, And gettin' my thoughts off bits and kibbles. On note pads I scribble, Write rippers that'll make you think. Snap so hard it'll break your synchronicity, Fuck it, take it, trick, I fake it...blink 'n poof We disappearin' into a shroud of dozier Cloud composures, all-nighters like Folger's But, bitch, I tried to told ya... Chorus: (Pimp C) Rollin' Seville (rollin' Seville), Grippin' my steal (grippin' my steal), My Tahoe real, man, I'm workin' wood wheel. Sedan DeVille (sedan DeVille), House on the hill (house on the hill), Countin' up my scrill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Nigga, how you feel (nigga, how you feel), I feel so trill (I feel so trill), Might pop me a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. House on the hill (house on the hill), Marijuana fields (marijuana fields), Grippin' my steal, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Bun B: They tellin' me, "Bun don't go there" But, man, I just gots to bring it. These niggas, they wanna hate on that Texas, But scared to sing it. They don't know what that star 'bout They don't know what that bar 'bout They don't know what that candy car 'bout Or smokin' that joint 'bout. All they know is what the fuck I tell 'em Or what the fuck we sell 'em Smokin' Swishers, wood grain, And leavin' stains on cerebellums. Rebellum, propell 'em, gel 'em From P.A. to Deep Ellum. Tell 'em I tol' 'em Wrote 'em, fuck it, phone 'em To hell to heaven. Pimp C: I just spent 60 G's On a brand new Eldo-reeze: Black-on-black, drop top 'lac; Northstar fifth wheel on back. Sometimes I feel like Lil' Ke When my trunk steady hummin' Had to leave my bitch 'Cause I fell in love with my chrome-plated woman. I love my wood wheel Grant, '84 Cadillacs that slant, Slowed-down Screw tapes that knock, Blowin' on Green private stock. Bitch, I don't eat hamhock, Try 20-ounce Angus beef. Hangin' with young niggas, that pack big triggas, 'N got big-ass diamonds off in they teeth. Chorus: (Pimp C) Fifth wheel and grill (fifth wheel and grill), Candy Seville (candy Seville), Might pop a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel (workin' wood wheel). House on the hill (house on the hill), Flexin' mils (flexin' mils), Countin' up my scrill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Comin' down so trill (comin' down so trill), Nigga, how you feel (Nigga, how you feel)? Might pop a pill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel. Grippin' the steal (grippin' the steal), Nigga, I'm so real (Nigga, I'm so real). Bitch, how you feel? Nigga, I'm workin' wood wheel. Bun B: Smokin' on bionic, ubonic chronic...it's so ironic. Sippin' gin and tonic: supersonic like Johnny Mneumonic. We crash your party, piss on your parade, Sip syrup like it's Lemonade From Paris to the Palacades to the Prominade. Bomb and fade, closes the car, break worlds, it's plain as day. That's the gamewe came to play, It don't change, ain't a thang to say. Pimp C: It's goin' down in the H-Town, Young playa from the South 'bout to blaze a pound; Tryin' to find me a bopp with some good mouth... I know you freaky bitches know what I'm talkin' 'bout. Ain't got no time to play, girl; Let me get a little throwed off some good skunk. Bitch, didn't you know who the fuck I was, Off in the street, lookin' for the good stuff? Bitch, I don't give a fuck about yo' man, so Bitch tryin' to fuck fast, I'ma fuck slow. How the fuck you're gonna out-fuck James, ho? Like Teddy Pendergrass, you better let it go. Bun B: Gettin' ready fo'...head doctors, show shockers, body rockers, Late-night do' knockers... Gotta break us off big pimpin', baby, we ho clockers, Bitch bosses, takin' no losses, best go ask aks Lil' Wee-wee. Baby brother, Sweet James Jones: guerilla pimpin' at its finest. Leavin' haters and ho-hustlers behind us, rewind us... Pimp C: Touched like Midas, these bitch-ass niggas they study and bite us. Couldn't not recite us, come to our show, And bitch niggas try to fight us. Ho niggas scream and talk, trill niggas bust and leave... How the fuck you're gonna go to war When you bitch-ass niggas ain't got no cheese? Chorus: (Pimp C) Blowin' big kill (blowin' big kill), Million-dollar deals (million-dollar deals), Nigga, I'm so trill, bitch, I'm workin' wood wheel... Uh...puttin' down one time for the king, Lil' J Smoke somethin', bitch. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gunplay f/ Ace Hood & Bun B Album: Maybach Music - Self Made Vol. 2 Song: Black On Black Typed by: Cedmaster3K {M-M-M-Maybach Music} [Chorus: Ace Hood] Okay now guess who's back, in a black Maybach With a black card on me, better know it’s straight like that My nigga we black on black (black on black), black on black (black on black) My Rolex gold, but know my strap all black My nigga we black on black (black on black), flag all black (flag all black) Put it all on that, my niggas gon’ ride for a fact Yeah homie we black on black (black on black), black on black (black on black) One thing that’s fact: I’m rich and black [Gunplay] I put black on the paint, I whip white in the sink I put work on the pike, I ain’t scared of handcuffs and links Only thing that petrify me is no money in bank I'mma Chevy out there sprayin' bitch, I’ll jail bite the crank I’m a shark out the tank, I don’t bark I just bite Keep that K all day, don’t walk up on me I'll put that knife All gold Dayton spokes strokin’ the pavement slow I did that ho a favor and she paid me back in throat I told the kitchen they wasn’t cutting the loaf Butcher knife on the shelf like, “Where the fuck the filet mignon?” Take a close look at my face, the war paint is on Stuck my dick in the world, now I’m raping this song, I'm wrong? [Bun B] Man I’m sitting in a black room dressed up in a black fit I’m cleaning my black guns and loading my black clips Count from one to fifty, that’s a fully loaded mag (mag) I pick it all up and put it in a black bag (bag) Put on my black gloves (gloves), put on my black mask (mask) Pop my trunk and load it up and jump in my black Jag (Jag) Sipping on black Hennessy out of a black flask (flask) And best believe that I’m coming to get your black ass (ass) When I pull that Mac out, they know I’m finna black out They start hitting fences, taking alley ways and the back route I caught one of 'em slippin', put that thing up to his back Pulled that trigger on that nigga (man), and all he saw was black (black) [Ace Hood] Okay now black lil nigga, in them all black denims With a Mossberg pump that'll have them sleep in your liver Better watch that shit that you say, my goons don’t play That black Glock 9 never leave my side, no way I keep that strap when I pray, even when I bow head to say grace Any nigga bring beef my way, better let that 4-4 spray Yeah nigga that’s black on black, my whips all black That Ghost don’t fold, them four Diablos on that And I keep that black Louis bag, racks on racks My bitch so bad, Chinese and black, yeah I’m a wild young nigga, getting rich off rap My Rolex fitted, spent about sixty on that {M-M-M-Maybach Music} ... {M-M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: OutKast f/ U.G.K. Album: Shaft Soundtrack   Song: Tough Guy Typed by: kamanz@aol.com (chorus) Everbody on the streets, This a lil thesis coming from me When I throw up baggets, sitting at the bar Or smokin a lil red life in my car I dont know what you came to see, Nigga just out here feeding my kids Throw up the duece and let me slide on by Cuz everybody wants to be a tough guy [Verse One: Big Boi] Crusin down the street, minding my business cuz I'm trill Stopped at the ATM, grabbed a thousand dollar bill Now I peel, like apples and peaches because I'm chill And niggas around my city respect me because I'm real But still, the things I see from day to day it hurts me When I'm off in the '79 Seville or the Bonneville Niggas wanna hurt me, absurd g I know it, betta believe I tote something for it And I got a slogan like Nike but it goes like this: "Just Know It" And I'm not the type of person be riding around yo block just flashy Just came to the store to get some black and milds and a lil bit of 93 gas,G Wanna blast me, get sassy, say negative things about OutKast G Riding all on a nigga dick, all you had to do was just dap me, come slap me You the bad man, so go ahead and touch my cheek then But we'll be burying you and your whole motherfucking family by the weekend I'm calling your bluff, go'n and buck, I got my squad we trapping AC gone slap this nigga, he aint bucking, he just yapping, yea! (chorus) [Verse Two: Bun B] Say, we took it from packing the pistols, To jacking this missiles To stacking my crystals Now my torpedo's even cracking your missile When we start, aint no stopping us We too smart and too popular Take yo toys and we topple em Resort to the dopplar To the agent underground well known as Stankonia Where trill as niggas go one and bad ass bitches be boning ya I'm warning ya, niggas i'll fill the middle of yo ?moni up And make yo broad lick her pony up, its that platinum shit Called zonia, tell Tommy blow me up I aint Mariah, bitch I'm the messiah can't no motherfucker show me up UGK a set nigga, throw me up Fuck catching a case bitch, i'll lace you and yo homey up. Cuz we the cream coming out of the crop The steam coming out of the pot And the team coming out at the top Your baddest or not, these niggas getting shattered or shot Splattered for props, man you should'nt've left your gat at your spot (chorus) [Verse Three: Pimp C] Pimp C bitch, I'm a country star I got a country mansion and a country car I got a country bitch, I made a country son I got some country nuts, I Keep a country gun I dont fuck with nobody in this shit but bun So if you pay me a mil, you gotta give that nigga one Fuck boys talk shit, but them bitch niggas know That UGK run the streets, and we put dick in your hoe Whether weed or blow, I keep an open store I keep my hair cut low, 44 on the floor You can test me, Snow, we got the glass for sho Get your mind on your money, cuz you playing with you dough Bitches who ready to go, say you moving to slow If you wasn't bout sucking it, what you fucking with me for The quarters in the side in case you didn't know, I'm Sweet Jones Bitch and I'm an old school pro, pro, pro (chorus) [Verse Four: Dre] Since the beginnig of time, until the present of now There are beauty shop playas also intelligent clowns Got they blue cuts with brown, booty grinding the ground It's the sound thats created when we get up to get down. Stimulate my imag- -ination with exag- -geration of stanking light That can't be right but we laughed To keep from crying, sighing, hugged by cutie-pie and Deftifying acts of a blacks not scared of dying Y'all act like you'never take no bubble bath, Gone to Blockbuster and act like you ain't never cuddled after You poked her, stroked, soaked her, provoked her To reach for the sky when she's high on your holster I'm posed to, roast ya, toast ya, close ya Motherfucking mouth for I'm almost closed to the end So when they ask you what school do you attend? Say Stankonia High, then throw two in the wind. ha ha ha ha...... (chorus) X 2 Music rides out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: UGK Album: SouthWest Riders Compilation Song: Hiside Typed by: ATLien770@aol.com (Pimp C talking) Uh no love Now check this out  Bitches be gettin offended when uh they hear the word bitch Well maybe that's cause they bitches Know what I'm talkin bout (Pimp C) Stankin bitches say I hiside Cause I pass by  Don't smoke my fuckin weed wit em Don't let em sit on my plush crush Three times gold, I'm a pimp ass nigga So like a ball is how I roll And I don't be paradin with them bitches in the street Ho is you payin me?  Well if not ain't no need in you thinkin that you gon stay wit me Bitch I'm a pimp cause that's the way you bitches force me to be You say you broke well bitch you need to stop fucking for free So when I ride by, I don't give the ho the time Lil' girl you fine, but you must done lost yo mind Thinkin you got game Well bitch game is my middle name Suckin on thangs, fuckin for fame But bitch you plain Jane Straight up and down I hate silly hoes that talk a lot and try to clown When she know that I know that she done fucked the whole town And that I know that she a freak Bitches say we hiside cause we pass and don't speak Don't speak, don't speak Bitches say we hiside cause we pass by and don't speak  I know they wanna freak (3x) Bitches say we hiside cause we pass by (Bun B) Sometimes there be a lot of shit I wanna do But won't do, if I gotta do shit in front of you Oh bitch don't act like you ain't nosy I know exactly how you hoes be Blowzy mad cause I declined when you chose me But what I need a broke bitch for? And how the fuck I look walkin around scratchin yo witch ho? No keep them crabs keep that cock in that case Cause bitch a pussy ain't nothin but my hand wit a face And any bitch can take another bitch place Now ain't that a foul taste And it wasn't a fuck it was a waste of my mutherfuckin time I coulda been somewhere flippin or smokin a dime These bitches now a days out of they rabbit ass mind Ho you gets no sunshine from me just because you fine I told em I heard it through the grapevine You ain't nothin but a freak So now bitches say we hiside cause we pass by and don't speak Chorus (Pimp C) See bitches in P.A. Get mad when they see a young nigga full of that chronic havin it his way But them hoes got us fucked up The preacher got the clothes and the hoes wit his dick on swoll Trickin all my people bank roll I peep that shit, I read my Bible at home  Cause I ain't payin for that nigga's wrong It's time to ride 600, picture me and Bun B wit 4 million two drop top gold royces Now we smokin somethin Them bitches tried to set us up, but we Butt-fuck the D.A, fuck the judge, and fuck the P.A.P.D. I already gotta deal with the rednecks And ho ass niggas in this rap game comin with that complex But bitch this ain't no fuckin contest And if it was we won I'm a trill nigga live my life by the gun I love smokin swisher sweets Uh, now fuck them bitches that say we hiside cause we pass by and don't speak (Pimp C talking and the chorus fades until the end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Redman, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Stop Playin' {S} Song: Stop Playin' Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"I-I-I-I-Incredible"} [cut-n-scratched repeatedly] "Stop, playin" [Bun B] I'm the one man army Bun B (B) I've never been taken out (out) I keep MC's breakin out (out) I'm bringin real rap back and takin the fakin out I'm clearin all the bullshit out the way to make a vacant route (route) Okay, now let the real niggaz roll through (through) That's goin for you new niggaz and the old too (too) It was some bullshit then, and it's some bullshit now So I'm just tryin to keep the bullshit down They say the rap game (game) needs balance to keep it level (level) Just like the EQ with the bass, mid and treble (treble) And yeah that's true, but if you wanna point blame (blame) Just be careful about the motherfuckin way you aim (aim) You blame radio, internet and politics ('tics) But see we all really know that's just a pile of shit (shit) You're not playin cause your music ain't hittin (hittin) The people don't like you, stop hatin, start quittin motherfucker [Chorus: Bun B] You sayin you're the man, that's the kid in you (kid in you) Because we knowin what you did and what you didn't do (didn't do) It's not the shit you say, it's the shit you not sayin (sayin) You know better, show better, step it up and stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, playin"} Stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, playin"} Stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, stop"} You know better, show better, step it up and stop playin [Royce Da 5'9"] Niggaz be lyin, talkin 'bout they bust a heater Once I see 'em they be more like Justin Bieber Leave it, my rivals' underground Like Skyzoo's how I do, I'll have 'em layin on the ground bleedin, butt-naked with a bullet in his motherfuckin head like Erykah Badu I find irony in bein in the place where I'm wearin +Gucci Mane+ gettin white-boy +WASTED+! I tell a nigga break bread or take lead I'm tryin to get rid of this weight, K-Fed Me and Bun got a gangsta bond We like that once-in-a-lifetime thang to you that ain't the prom I'm not a fan of no man, I'm not +Stan+ Flow like Niagara, that's why they go God +dam+ I whip it up in the kitchen like pots and pans I'm God-like, when I'm prayin I should stand [Redman] Yes sir, yo Bun B I got this Yes sir, awwwwwww No rapper can rap, quite like I can I'll take your best-known rapper, and make him a fan I'm the man homeboy, we run the block I'll make you say "Go Reggie" and do the wop Ha ha, and I'm Doc, the nigga to hate And my flow and yo' swag, it don't relate Cause I'm GRRREAT, jewels like Frosted Flakes Light-skinned, just one shade darker than Drake I hold weight, when the camera rollin It's like golf how I got the +US Open+ Nigga I'm nice, I see you scopin Think twice before you move that close in That's my dosage, call me tomorrow Look so fly when you call me a barber E'rything I write, call me the author Baby I'm back, sorry I lost ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U.G.K. (Pimp C) Album: Trill Azz Mixez Song: Top Notch Hoes Typed by: soundwave70@hotmail.com [Pimp C] Uhhh ... this for 9-8 Ain't fuckin nothin but stars Left all them busted ass hoes alone Know what I'm talmbout? Uhhh [Chorus 2X] Smokin hydroponic, blowin out my nose Big block alligators, diamonds rocks and gold I knew the bitch was bout it when she took off her clothes I be ridin foreign car and fuckin top notch hoes The piece, the chain, the gangsta hats The alligator shoes with the belts to match I'm smokin on the finest of California love These hoes still wanna fuck me even though they know I sell drugs In this game ain't no love cuz these boys want my spot They say they down with my team but they just makin us hot You can ask Leroy White, we ain't scared of no war We smoke Killuminati barre and bust this thing in yo car Hand grenade for yo house, we ain't barrin no spouse If we catch that bitch we bout to put our dick in her mouth I'm big pimpin in the south, I'm a gorilla in the streets I bust my AK through yo 'Burban and blow yo back out yo seat These niggaz pullin jack moves (moves), give it up fool My young niggaz sawed off bust left him in a blood pool How the fuck you gon switch like I'm some kind of girl Bitch I'm a soldier like Master P, we put that thang in yo world - ya bitch I'm bout that drama (drama), no question mark or commas (commas) You can ask that boy Too $hort and you can even ask my mama We bout that bang bang, bet that thing gon stain stain Let my young ass nuts hang, I'm trapped up in this thang thang [Bridge] Now I'm just peepin the game and I'm addicted to change Young nigga off in the streets and his career's cocaine Now I'm just deep in the game and I'm addicted to change Young nigga off in the streets and his career's cocaine Now I'm just peepin the game and I'm addicted to change Young nigga off in this rap and his career's cocaine Now I'm just deep in the game and I'm addicted to change Young nigga off in this rap and his career's cocaine Y'all sparkin L's in the streets, we ridin and sweets We come down Cadillac slabs, y'all roll in funny ass Jeeps In this game ain't no thang rollin foreign with Benz I saw yo video nigga, sound like you dissin my friends How the fuck we played ourself I see these always sell out Y'all niggaz fuck BET cuz they ain't down with the south They play they videos everyday sold 50,000 he swole Y'all bitches act like y'all don't know me, bitch I always go gold Pussy niggaz play the wall, niggaz mad cuz I made it Cuz we be livin like stars, comin down on 20-inch bladed Bitch nigga get some nuts, bitch nigga say my name We ain't got no time to be guessin and playin no pussy ass games What they do what they do, niggaz was corny as fuck You gets no play in that Texas, yo shit don't bump in the trunk I flip from city to city, squeezin on ass suckin titties You say you real you just a bumper bitch, yo record sound shitty [First half of the bridge] I'm Pimp C bitch, I'm from the south (from the south) I like a bitch to pop my dick up in her mouth (in her mouth) And talk to me, look in my eyes when you suck it (when you suck it) And like to watch the dick go in when I fuck it (when I fuck it) Now get buck (get buck) now get buck (get buck) And pop ya pussy if you don't give a fuck (give a fuck) hol up If you been fuckin with them workers, I'm the boss (I'm the boss) So hold it open, let a nigga break you off (break you off) uh I got my diamonds pressin up against the wood grain wheel When you see a pimp shinin, bitch tell me how you feel (how you feel) I'm a young red nigga, I'm a porno star I got a four piece screen to play it back in my car (uh) Been a ghetto superstar since I was seventeen Crushing 'em on the Screw, and sippin promethazine If you ain't fuckin, get up out my limo (my limo) I'm Sweet Jones bitch, you fuckin with a pro (with a pro) hol up Smokin hydroponic, blowin out my nose (uh) Big block alligators, diamonds rocks and gold (uh) I knew the bitch was bout it when she took off her clothes I be riding foreign car fuckin top notch hoes (I'm fuckin top notch hoes) Smokin hydroponic, blowin out my nose (uh) Big block alligators, diamonds rocks and gold (uh) I knew the bitch was bout it when she took off her clothes I be riding foreign car fuckin top notch hoes (I'm fuckin top notch hoes) Smokin hydroponic, blowin out my nose (uh) Big block alligators, diamonds rocks and gold (uh) I knew the bitch was bout it when she took off her clothes (hol up) I be riding foreign car fuckin top notch hoes (I'm fuckin top notch hoes) Smokin hydroponic, blowin out my nose (uh) Big block alligators, diamonds rocks and gold (uh) I knew the bitch was bout it when she took off her clothes I be riding foreign car fuckin top notch hoes Smokin somethin Get ya mind right, bitch It's a big money thang Young niggaz havin somethin So if ya got it, put it up in the air All y'all broke ass bitches, I'ma holla atcha Need some bitches with some checkbooks and credit cards Some motherfuckin property, some assets bitch If you broke ... and I'm broke ... you can't have shit If I'm rich ... and you broke ... you must be tryin to get something from me Make a pimp rich The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Bun B (UGK) Album: Guess Who's Back Song: As the World Turns Typed by: OoBiGLoO@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (50 Cent) uhh..uh huh uh huhh...uh huh uh huhh...uh huh uh huhh..uh uh uh uh uh huh uh huhh...uh huh uh huhh...uh huh uh huhh..uh uh uh uh Money make a pimp, pimp hoes, hustlas sell dope, thugs gun smoke What(echo) Money make the world go round, as the world turns Money make the world go round, as the world turns Nigga I need money to main-tainn Hustalin aint a gamee Nigga go and gets the grainn Gon' get tore out the framee T.Vs in the Rangee I'm in ta nice thanggs I slang weed (snort) Coc-ainee and Herio-anee 50 Cent Thats my namee Nigga I bring the painn You thought shit stay the samee Nigga shit gon' change Put a bullet in your brainn Nigga at close range Run away wit ya rollie, your rings, and your motherfuckin chainn Aint nuittin funny mangg I'm about my money mangg Bitch get down on that track and get my money, I aint playinn Better understan what I'm sayin, What I'm sayin, I aint playin I'll be, In front of your crib, layin, wit the mack ta start sprayinn Any nigga thats in the game, for the fame, gotta be a lamee Crackers'll put ya in chains Box'll drive you insane Sun cant shine all the time, man its gotta rain That whole loose? is ill You better crack the whip mang (Chorus - 50 Cent) A pimp aint a pimp with no hoes (hoes) A hustla aint a hustla with no motherfuckin dough (dough) A thug aint a thug if his gun dont smoke (smoke) A playa aint a playa if his ass dead broke (broke) A pimp aint a pimp with no motherfuckin hoes (hoes) A hustla aint a hustla with no motherfuckin dough (dough) A thug aint a thug if his gun dont smoke (smoke) A playa aint a playa if his ass dead broke (broke) (50 Cent) I live Life in the fast lane Man I aint got nuttin ta lose  Everythin a game Either you wit me or against me man aint nuttin changee Nigga, you Go against the grain  I'll make you Walk wit a cane now nigga now Who you gon' blamee When shit aint the same Nigga nobody hears your namee You got down wit a gangg O thirty-one blood Ya'll niggas do your thang  You got 2 felonies  Fuck it, go out wit a bangg Ya'll niggas wanna hangg Wit niggas that fitlthy rich They aint even got ta talk To take your bitch One look was all it took She seen the benz-o She seen them T.Vs And them big ol' chriz-omes A-yo the bitch useta bring you dough Useta be your bottom hoe Now your paper comin' slow She feel like she had ta go Roll wit them rich niggas and ball with them ball-az Politic wit the willies the real shot call-az (Bun B) I got one life to live Follow that light that keeps on guidin me Hate-az tryin me Hoes is a-bidein me Media ride me King a the underground  So the streets is steady hide-in me Representin sure taste-az The yay keep takin pride in me Streets  Deciple slide-in me  Status reports the badest you caught Walk in the black top wit fat rocks and had his newport I cant stay away like Too $hort I gots ta break a bastards back Tore em up, get em ready ta port Put em on the master track I blast the facts the life in the grill Gorilla pimpin If I have ta mack ya wife then I will It's me and 50 Cent my nigga Live in trife, and thats real Talkin shit on us, thats like pullin out a knife and dont kill Thats on for treal (?) I'm on for million wit your pit, in the clit that shit true I split through, your defences, so relentless, get you, without you even  knoin Got you strippin and even hoe-in You dont wanna let the pro in the door This what we showin A pimp aint a pimp with no motherfuckin hoes (hoes) A hustla aint a hustla with no motherfuckin dough (dough) A thug aint a thug if his gun dont smoke (smoke) A playa aint a playa if his ass dead broke (broke) (Repeat) (50 Cent) Is your bitch your bitch or is your bitch mines? Is your bitch your bitch all the time? You done got your paper, now its time I get mines Except the serve and everything'll be fine Bitch! (50 Cent talking over beat) Runnin from pimpin...bitch you need to run TO some pimpin Wit them cheap ass payless shoes you got on hoe You still aint figured out what a hoe supposed to look like Look at you motherfucka here Huh bitch? How you gunna catch some dates lookin like that hoe? Bitch get off the sidewalk and into the street Bitch the sidewalk is for pimpin bitch! (Fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8Ball & MJG f/ Bun B, Jazze Pha, Slim Thug Album: DJ Coolbreeze Presents 8Ball & MJG: Back To The Future Song: The Real Comin' Down Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Jazze Pha) Ladies and gentlemen! (Gentlemen, gentlemen) Baad Boy This is the moment you've all been waitin' for Sho' nuff, sho' nuff A Jazze Phizzle produc-shizzle Eightball and MJG! Bun B, Slim Thug, let's go (Hook, Slim Thug) Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' (Jazze Pha) Ladies and gentleman! (Bun B) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Verse 1, Eighball) I make the money, money don't make me South-side, til' I die, poetry, Ol' G Lookin' good, in my big black S-U-V Fat boy wit' the brains, be wit' MJG Full of sticky green, I'm a fiend for the 'Dro Got dough, young pimpin', just a slow flow pro Lean in the paint, on my old school beamin' Pop the trunk quick nigga, gimme one reason Ice on my wrist, got my ho arm freezin' My neck stay froze, it don't matter what the season Eightball, fat boy, call it how ya see it Pimp, gutter, young nigga, in a quarter-million dollar whip (Hook, Slim Thug) Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' (Jazze Pha) Ladies and gentleman! (Bun B) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Verse 2, MJG) Rollin' through the city wit' the top let back, I Hit the trunk button, make it pop like that, I'm M-J fuckin' G, I'm not a coward or a snitch, it's Too many niggas out here illegitamite I'm ridin' and I'm leanin', get my swerve on good But I'm, seein' more haters than a third eye could It's a must, I be keepin' the 4-5 right here, why? It's the only thing that you boys might fear Baby girl, how do you really make it shake like that? How can, you be so thick, and have a waste like that? It's important to keep it so gritty-gritty, I know You can, smile in my face and then steal my dough But I'm (Hook, Slim Thug) Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' (Jazze Pha) Ladies and gentleman! (Bun B) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Verse 3, Bun B) I'm in a big-body slab, wit' the rear chopped off (Off) Sittin' on butter leather, that's tear-drop soft (Soft) Interior stitched and tucked, like ya grandmas quilt And my cup of syrup ain't half empty, it's half filled Gotta Cigarillo full of that lavender 'Dro ('Dro) Everyday's a holiday, on my calendar, ho (Ho) Put the ice around my neck, and I start up the light show And proceed to takin' over, you cut with the white snow This one here is for my ballers and my true street thugs My real trap-or-die niggas, movin' street drugs Keep ya grip on ya motherfuckin' strap on tight So soon as you see a hater, you can clap on site It's the king of the trill, and the underground too Step in the ring bitch, you won't make it to round two Eightball, lil' JG, and U-G-K Showin' ya how to ride and swerve, the true G way We comin' down (Hook, Slim Thug) Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' Ridin' and swervin' (Jazze Pha) Ladies and gentleman! (Bun B) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Whoa) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Whoa) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Whoa) Comin' down Comin' down, comin' down (Whoa, whoa) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ Bun B Album: Living Legends Song: The Streets Typed by: mc_paul_yang@hotmail.com [Verse 1: 8 Ball] Off brand niggaz we ain't fuckin with y'all Catch up with ya kind cuz you ain't touchin a dog Imitation fake like Gucci suits niggaz be wearin Nigga like me hit the room and all the bitches be starin' I'm not fine I'm not cute, they just know I got some loot Grippin wood, lookin good '24s make them choose Nine times out of ten the bitches bad news Hit the dick and start actin like a motherfuckin' fool Clothes brand new from my T-shirt to my shoes Pop a tag every day, that's what ghetto niggaz do Hustle hard, spread all the bread with my crew When we in the club they be poppin bottles too We crunk and keep it hype and everybody know it's on When my work hits the street watch how quick that shit be gone I rap like I'm quick enough but catch 'em full of zones When my work hits the street watch how quick that shit be gone, nigga [Chorus: 8 Ball & MJG] Street niggaz (keep your guns hit the traps spend your bread on rims and ice, whatever them bitches like) Street niggaz (push it all hard or ball sticky weed, whatever ya need, man we got it all) Street niggaz (keep your guns hit the traps spend your bread on rims and ice, whatever them bitches like) Street niggaz (push it all hard or ball sticky weed, whatever ya need, man we got it all) [Verse 2: MJG] I'm just a street nigga I keep my heat under the seat If a... bum run up hope he got his gun up From sundown to sunup I keep it with me And I end up be unloadin on y'all when y'all hit me It's a grand shame that you niggaz come from it but can't walk through it What is it? I thought you knew it It was the streets nigga, my seat used to hit it when I didn't have no wheels to go get it M J fuckin' G droppin these bars with no regards for snitches and fake broads You ain't hard from steroids, nigga you big fraud I remember when them bullets was takin your lunch card I'm a real ghetto politician and what I gotta give in to motherfuckers who willin to try to vision When a nigga spittin', Quit all the whinin' and bitchin' Baby sharp, look and listen, pay attention to what you been missin' It's the -- [Bridge: 8 Ball] Yea come on.. Street niggaz, street niggaz We sittin' on leathers and we grippin' on wood (Streets is watchin') We makin plenty bread and reppin' our hood (Streets is watchin') Money over bitches, man it still all good (Streets is watchin') We makin plenty bread and we reppin' our hood (Streets is watchin') [Verse 3: Bun B] What can I say about these streets that I be walkin'? Not too much cuz where I from niggaz ain't motherfuckin talkin We'd rather listen and watch Tryin to flex and gaurd their clothes and Baume and Mercier[?] watches Tryin' to get my gloss on I paid the cos' to be the boss on these corners where ballin niggaz floss on Haters get tossed on, 5-0 get [???] and out of towners get robbed and drop that, can't nobody gonna stop that See it was like this before me So if you think it's time to change, nigga show me Obviously you don't know me It's time that you learned Niggaz that try to hold me on my grind, they get burned I'm down from P.A., Man - West side to the east, fool (Aw come on Bun B, dude what about peace?) Fuck peace, fool You want some love, ask your momma or the lord Bitch I'm down with pimps see, UGK be goin harder The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ Pimp C Album: Ridin' High Song: Whatchu Gonna Do Typed by: cody_brewster_225@hotmail.com [MJG] Roach spraid on the block Then I took my throwback Now my soldiers posted up Hangin' like a coatrack Gun in the bushes and Work in the stash spot Overtime, al night Try'na make a fat knock Swell in my pocket Like I'm carryin' a loaf of bread Been around the world But I still love local head Got the shit to make 'em jump It's hyper like a pimp rally Give 'em just a piece it make 'em Mime me like a skip daddy Glock, Chevy parked in the yard Wit' the double pipes If I catch ya try'na steal it I'ma get double life I ain't wanna do it, I ain't even really hate son That's a damn shame but tomorrow, I'ma make ??? Black Hummer waitin' for me in front of the jail house Comin' for the boys who thought that I wouldn't bail out Top notch citizen, on top of his shit again Pimp type, M-J-G, another hit again [Hook: MJG + (Pimp C)] This some grown man shit, pussy ass nigga! How you wanna do it, we can just get to it (Watchu wanna do, how you wanna do it?) (Pussy ass nigga, we can just get to it, bitch) This some grown man shit, pussy ass nigga! How you wanna do it, we can just get to it (Watchu wanna do, how you wanna do it?) (Pussy ass nigga, we can just get to it) [8 Ball] Boys ask me all the time Am I tired of the grind Hell naw nigga, gettin' richer That's all on my mind Twist the pine, smoke a pound Grabbin' chickens, buy a ticket Delta airlines, pimp, I got some down ass bitches Broads wit' them credit cards Make her listen, let her charge Flat TVs and some tiles for my momma car Eighty-thousand dollars, I'mma fuckin' ghetto superstar Work come soft, never hard, that's a different charge Tre-8 never jam if I gotta blam blam! If you not a regular, I'm taxin' you like Uncle Sam Rubber gloves, blue magic and some Downy sheets Plenty plastic wrap and a vacuum pack machine My uncle, "Old School" don't need nothin' but a triple-beam A dollar and a plate, he like to hit it while he mix it I be rollin' up blunts in the den, countin' bread 30 dollars till my heart stop beatin' and I'm dead [Hook] [Pimp C] Unh Sweet Jones is the pimp of the year Wrist full of frozen fireworks 6 in my ear, fly hoes and chains and Swangin' on them thangs bitch No I ain't no lame, got cocaine It ain't no thang bitch, for you to drive down holl'n for ten Guaranteed when ya test it you'll come and get 'em again I heard a nigga say his name was Pimp C on that "Boss'n Up" movie But that nigga ain't me Too many clones in the streets and on the microphone Pussy ass niggaz need to leave my legacy alone 'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' king in that Texas Don't hesitate to put that thang on them plexers 'Cause it ain't no thang to lay yo' lump off in yo' lap boy Hit his figure wit' the trigger, scratch off in the toy Fuck me, not a change nigga fuck you You want a war? It's whateva you bitches wanna do [Hook till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali & Gipp f/ Nelly, Pimp C Album: Kinfolk Song: Hood Typed by: tyger0726@yahoo.com You can catch me in the hood smokin' good, posted on the lot Got a pocket full of money cuz im fresh off the block The hood smokin' good, posted on the lot Got a pocket full of money cuz im fresh off the block [Verse 1: Gipp] Yea we sippin, dippin, tippin, elbow swangin out the window Swimming pool up in the roof, I got the suede up in the ceiling '88 dope man, not purple rain-rocks, having thangs, diamond chains Doin it till my money came Southside, Westside, Eastside, Northside, on them wires, on the blades Ery'body smokin' haze Cadillac, Chevy, Escalade, and them Hummer trucks We burnin rubber, runnin lights, we don't give a fuck We on that laffy taffy, yall niggas be smokin, babby We custom fitted from our sneakers to our clothes daddy We keep them hoes lookin, starin, gawkin', talkin 'bout us We got them peoples and feds, yea they talk about us About the way we talk, about the way we dress How 'bout them diamond grills? How 'bout they lookin' fresh?  I'm always smokin' good, I'm posted on the lot A pocket full of money, I'm fresh up off the block [Verse 2: Pimp C] So many brand-new niggas, we don't know who to trust A bunch of pussy-ass rappers tryin' to sound like us Sweet Jones is a pimp I got bitches on track Send a hoe out on a mission, tell 'em break 'em, bring it back Got a house in Hawaii, 'bout to, 'bout to buy a Rolls Nigga think we just 'bout rapping bitch but dope is getting sold I'm a young, hot street flame, deep up in the d-game Smokin' dro, slammin' Cadillac doors, red paint switchin' lane-to-lane I aint came to lose bitch, I done paid my dues bitch Got fifteen years off in this muthafuckin' rap shit Seen alotta niggas come, seen alotta niggas go I seen some niggas blow, I seen some turn to hoes Candy cars, candy doors, I got yellow hoes that play wit' they nose If ya like, she blow in ya butt Eat ya dick and then lick ya nuts If I wasn't rappin baby, I'd still be drivin' this shit Makin hoes hide this dick, UGK we live in this bitch Swisha sweets is a must  Mixin' purple wit the tux We call it banana split Choose a pimp hoe, I'm the dick I got Bobby 'bout a pound, nigga Whitney 'bout a key DJ Screw about a gallon, bitch the game belong to me [Verse 3: Ali] In '72, a player born in his boots Every line is the Gospel, cuz every word is the truth Some may call me the realest, this from the heart you can feel it Project baby cuz my family from the Car-Swerve Village And moved the Northside city wit this downtown witty That influenced, project grew 'n' then now '88 gritty Twelve years old smokin' squares, and by thirteen smokin' water By fourteen I was a busy boy in somebody daughter Rockin' them black Stacy Adams and that fresh gold hat Im sellin' weed a year later, whoa, here come the crack I'm sellin' 50's and bopper's the cluckers say I got good And wit the crack came the gangs, and that divided the hood And then the war jumped off, some niggas didn't make it a summer The other niggas locked up, doin rides, receivin' numbers I changed my life wit the quickest, fuh' real and layed down the D I aint sellin no mo' but you can still catch me in the hood [Verse 4: Nelly] I'm from the middle of the map where the river run deep Up I-55 where them niggas run D Got a pocket full of stones along wit Bun B, Pimp C, ??? Luv didn't have it, I could get it from Three Papi didn't have it, I could get it from E Niggas need dank, you can call on me Hell I come through, it don't matter if you on that Southside, Westside, Eastside, Northside Used to open up my trunk like there it is, let ya pick which one ya need to get loose I beat that block like bad kids, yea you might wanna call that block abuse Dirty then? Made Derrty now, some of yall might know, but don't blurt it out You know how shit travel, word of mouth, have them kick-in boys all in my house Knockin' down my glass door, tryin' to rip up my marble floor But aint nothin that for that ass though you know See that's throwback like Dukey Rope Candy painted, hundred spokes, baking soda, watch it grow Gangsta, gangsta? Neva that, but I keep that thang like 'Where he at?' Aint no rubber band big enough to hold these stacks I wrap my money in Reynolds Wrap Slangin' ery'thing I get my hands on From the white to the green, to the 1-I phones And I even sold dick to a chick named Simone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman (Baby) f/ 6 Shot, Bun B Album: Fast Money Song: Ghetto Life Typed by: WreckNHard@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Birdman] Yeah nigga Fast Money, Cash Money how we roll it out-is how we roll it in know what I'm sayin nigga feel me nigga we just hit a lick nigga gotta bout 50 more years nigga and I wanted to go fuck with a nigga who broke bread with us first nigga so we flew to Houston ya holla! [Bun B] I jumped in the game with a 50 dollar sack a heart full of hustle and my mind on stacks I held my nuts in the game called crack now I'm deep up in the streets and I ain't never lookin back I gotta reputation I ain't gotta keep dealin it a south nigga....give a fuck if you ain't feelin it UGK for life bitch an underground boss disrespect and that's a line you don't really wanna cross (Fa Real) quick on the trigger, pull a pistol out quick on a nigga one click blow the shit out a nigga (BLOAH) been bout a figure ain't stoppin till I see it don't hate me hoe cause that's the way I gotta G it P.A.T baby that's me baby...Free Pimp C and that's real OG baby this dedicated to my niggaz on lock KS, Young Ryno, and the homie Lil'Block it don't stop [Chorus 2X: Bun B] Take a walk through my ghetto life (ghetto life) let me show you that my ghetto's shiest (ghetto's shiest) drug deals, and young niggaz gettin'killed I ain't gotta tell you that my ghetto real [6 Shot] Uhhh look at here, uptown cut throat nigga any year crisp and clear ya hear me now nothin nice break you off with a style Fuh real coke, dope, pills-it's no joke here everybody strapped look at where I'm at (BLAT, BLAT) nigga shits so real it's no doubt about it all cowards get killed fa sheezy while I'm sneakin through them people forty four bags and them people in that M-A-G-N-O dish it out or get from round L-I-A uptown know ya down all that drama (???) thuggin with a heavy (??)shinin on them hoes ya know it's so real it's no doubt about it all cowards get killed ya know [Birdman] Look you know them guns go to poppin when them niggaz go to drop e'm make e'm all run go to scatter nigga cause when you fuckin with the man he'll spend a few grands cause you know we puttin change on ya yeah cause we thugged out, wigged out came through the neighborhood with the guns out nigga don't make me drop the top don't give a fuck about the weather cause we still gon'shine nigga yeah and that was changeable evidence homie that's why they let Rufus go and we was playin with paper nigga-and dropped 50 on the flo'nigga so I spread my wings out came through the nieghborhood with the L's out nigga and I'm tryin to get out the dope game but I still let them birds out [Birdman ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Beanie Sigel, Bun B, Kobe Album:  Give the Drummer Some Song:   Just Chill Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com I'ma just chill, lay low and stay breezy I hear these streets is so greezy That's why I get high, I'm in the cool, finger to the sky Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Screaming I'll fuck the world [Verse One: Beanie Sigel] My baby mama tripping, my son need Pampers I'm.. for a cigarette, my lungs need the cancer My liver's asking where the liquor's at And more money more problems is the anthem Sing along if you know this song A ex con turned good forced to turn back hood Turn loose to a world no good, every application rejected cause his record A lot has seen this movie to the credits Living in this ghetto with no question High blood pressure,.. high gas prices searching for a high..  Some people turn to the church and search all hope Looking for that ribbon in the sky But there's a chair and a rope for most who can't hope And I know when their last tear cry, goodbye [Chorus: Kobe] I'ma just chill, lay low and stay breezy I hear these streets is so greezy That's why I get high, I'm in the cool, finger to the sky Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Screaming I'll fuck the world [Verse Two: Bun B] They.. sick of lies they keep telling me The bullshit propaganda that they're selling me I just caught another felony and mama saying this time is all on me She ain't bailing me out, no money for a lawyer so I'm stuck with a pd rapping on the side with a cd, I keep asking him how does my case look All he do is twit and update his facebook I had a fight last night on a.. gave me 6 more months, I'm looking at a year Say he won't.. I'ma show no fear, don't make me have to earn another tattoo tear Dear God, I wonder can You save me, because these 4 walls got me going crazy My Shawty.. get my baby, so me I gotta get it no if there's a maybe so fuck the world [Chorus: Kobe] I'ma just chill, lay low and stay breezy I hear these streets is so greezy That's why I get high, I'm in the cool, finger in the sky Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Screaming I'll fuck the world [Verse Three: Beanie Sigel] It came different, these young bucks got it twisted All this snitching I came here with it I just seen.. who hug they kids and kiss their wife on a visit These young chickens are.. kittens,.. and skinny jeans they're out here switching Mic check listen, the glove listen, the moon walk..  The earth shifting, the earth speaking, earthquakes in China tsunami in..  I'm trying to circle the.. but try and kiss it If you believe all you can be then why enlist in All you.. without permission, open your eyes and ears, people listen The last days is here dawg, the time is ticking Until judgment day clear, I'ma just [Chorus: Kobe] I'ma just chill, lay low and stay breezy I hear these streets is so greezy That's why I get high, I'm in the cool, finger in the sky Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Doing about 100 in the fast lane windows wide open Screaming I'll fuck the world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Bun B, Tech N9ne Album:  Give the Drummer Some Song:   Raw Shit Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4]  [Verse One: Tech N9e] This that war this  From the King of Darkness  Can't stop this mob shit  Awfully heartless  In a minute, toxic, caustic  Coulda lost your optic  With a millimeter boss  Get soft in it  Pissed off this mosh pit  Einstein, Tech N9ne shines  Behind thine rhymes  (I'm signed to mine flyin')?  To find fine wine  I can design lines  That'll get me to climb dimes  (Pieces, them fine beetches  Never tweet and just grind blind)?  Get up out this pit  You without sickness  Better get in the back of me  Before your mouth get split  Never look at a killer nigga  When you're on the curb  ?? Get to pokin' out  With some ladies do  Think they man enough  With a gun they be through  But if Tecca N9na said  He (crew)? with it  In a blink, I would do  A 180 too  [Chorous] (We off what we all)?  Sick and (frost pit)?  Everybody bosses and y'all is  NAUSEOUS!  Be cautious  We all trip and raw  It's brawl til we fall in this mosh pit  AWWW SHIT!  It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4]  [Verse Two: Bun B] In the middle of nothingness  I'm the light in the void  Sittin' on big rims, swollen  Like they been takin' some 'roids  You scared partner  Cause you look kinda noyed  Like I'm about to put hands on you  Like Pretty Boy Floyd  I got 'em sick mayne  Somebody call a specialist  Tell these haters, "Fall back  And get up off that extra shit"  Who want what with us?  You gon' be the next to get  Smashed up but your (cuffers)? on it  You'lla buy the naked shit  Quit acting like what it is is  And it's gon' be  And you got no say in this situation  It's all me  They know me well from Third World  To Zone Three  And we gon' take this movement  From Long Island to Long Beach  Two trill, Wes is on the horizon  So when the sun shinin' on us  It shouldn't be so surprisin'  You know we plan on you demisin'  So playa you gon' be six feet and under  While I'm 300 feet and risin',  BITCH!  [Chorous] (We off what we all)?  Sick and (frost pit)?  Everybody bosses and y'all is  NAUSEOUS!  Be cautious  We all trip and raw  It's brawl til we fall in this mosh pit  AWWW SHIT!  It's that raw shit  That'll start a mosh pit  Head bangers get to spazzin' out  And be like, "Aww shit."  [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Bun B Album: The B. Coming Song: Purple Rain Typed by: grahamc03@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Beanie Sigel] I roll a bat, crack a dutch, have a sizzip Get introduced to this drink that I sizzip Promethazine with codeine that's my twizzist It might lead me to the left or make me izzitch Pearlmeth with the tuss', some like the mizix 'cordin to they physics and how they wanna dizzip But be careful it ain't your ordinary liquid First time you sip it, you might get addicted Matter fact, I know you gon get addicted Cause it's so sweet like licorice, plus it's good for your sickness I used to watch my uncle sip it Goin through his glass in my grandmother's kitchen Head in his lap, grandma bitchin Pocket full of scraps, plus scratchin and itchin Back when they sip breaulm and smoked cheeba Took dawtons 4's and chewed ceebas This one is for my real mud-mixers Who get screwed up, my thick juice sippers Shout out, to my man Lil' Flip Big Mo, Project Pat and the whole 3-6 Yea I know about them Texas boys Who keep a liter in the cup, and a heater in the tuck Think a Xanax and indo sack make me slack Cocktailed or V'ed up, swiss-cheesed up Please don't blow my high (blow my high) When I'm sippin that purple rain Said don't blow my high, blow my high When I'm sippin that purple rain I know it may sound crazy, keeps me lazy [Verse 2: Bun B] Way back in '94 Screw still had his gate up he called over to his house and he poured me an 8' up I asked him what it was, he said Bun, get your weight up This is lean, them white folks call it promethazine Shit, but we gon call it drink dog cause that's what we be doin to it Now take this Big Red and pour about a 2 into it I said 2's and 8's, that the fuck is you trippin on He said man thats an ounce of the cough syrup that you sippin on So shit I poured it, I sipped it, then I tipped some mo' I fired up a green monster, and I hit that ho Started relaxin, shit and to my surprise I was noddin off, starin at the back of my eyes they tried to wake me up, but shit I just kept yawnin I fell out in my chair and woke up there the next mornin God bless my nigga, cause it's then I been spawned on my white muddy go, but can't taste a seed at all  [Verse 3: Beanie Sigel] + (Bun B) I roll a bat, crack a dutch, have a sizzip Get introduced to this leaf in my splizzif No stem, no seeds, no stizzicks The ultimate, experience, like Jimi Hendrix I like to roll up, cowboy tradition or burn a peace pipe and burn a cythe like the Injuns or burn a big spliff, Bob Marley Style "Buffalo Soldier," Rastafari style We smokes on pizurp (we sips on syzurp) Get it by the 8, by the pint, (or by the kizurp) Some might take a (high), or a down (or a bizurp) Whatever you can stand, floats your boat (make ya' twizurp) Yes I fucks wit' ya' if you smoke on green (or sip on lean) Yea whatever, click or teen (strip for a scene) Nigga burn your spliff one time (Say Beans, swing your big body Benz and I'll swing mine) [Bun B ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B.G. f/ Bun B, Juvenile, Ms. Tee Album: Chopper City/It's All On U Vol. 1 Song: Retaliation Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com First Verse: [Juvenile] Scraped my elbow jumpin' the fence Creepin' through the grass camoflauged lookin' for them Cowards, non-believers, contradictors, I'm comin' to get ya You try to frame me without the picture Shit, I'm obligated, to be a Juvenile for life It don't change robbin' shit in this game I know you heard about that 7th ward, 9th and the rest But who's down to knock a head off and wear a vest? Take a flight through that Nolia and then see who represent Not with them thugs ridin' wearin' them black reebok tennis Niggas fifteen, sixteen, seventeen Slangin' iron from that Josephine through that Melphanine And would do almost anything to prove himself relentless Like, a murder job and forgettin' the consequences Hustlin' through the brick walls avoidin' the feds Pushin' the dope steady duckin' blue eyes and curly heads And he got caught and then start, runnin' with yo peers Got swole and been home and now you back out chea And that boyd that cha shot, brothas hangin' on the block You don't know him but he know ya look you bout to get got BOW!!!!!! Laid out in cold blood on the Ave. Here comes the paramedics media and crime lab Understand this is all he know and it's all he see Which is why they known to be a Juvenile just like me Would'ja see that my words were a little bit cold a little bit trife Down with Tec Mafia Juvenile fa life Chorus: [Ms. Tee] Niggas.......they comin' to get'cha You betta watch ya back before they muthafuckin' split cha (3x) Second Verse: [B.G.] Ain't that cold? I heard a nigga, downed my nigga My partna just paged me and say they found my nigga It's a bust back thang can't be no hoes I got a hundred rounds plus for my Calico Fa sho we get's busy, and leave that ass fonky Full of that monkey and we don't to act a donkey I'ma go get in my all black fit, when I come just sit Cuz if ya sit cha hit, if ya split cha split If you die, you die Take it ten for one, wave bye-bye wave bye-bye You done took mine, I'ma take yearn This is what'cha earn, chopper bullets burn S.K. trigga clicker, the blunt-smoker lighter flipper Paper chaser for six figures bout my issue I'm get to split cha, get cha if you in my way I'ma deal wit'cha, muthafucka take a picture I'll wax that ass then tax on my yay Today if play I lay with the A.K. To spray and lay down the snaps I get down Niggas can't touch what me and Bun puttin' down Now down and pump round and distribute kees You sleep six feet I tear down the whole street Wear down the family they grieve because ya flat Bust ya head up leave ya deader yo blood redder I done fucked ya set down nigga hut Nigga what keep ya mouth shut retalitation is a must Chorus Third Verse: [Bun B] Dead ass nigga don't fail, no yellin', hit the door it never fail Shippin' his ass off to Hell, still the killas left behind him Can't find him cuz the nine flatlined him Now Mister, murda master for the lastin' Niggas tryed to swerve it past her, turned into a nervous bastard The blaster the Cash Money clique'll shoot em up And me all we had to do was boot em up He got the buck now who the fuck want it? I can't see it happen, clips be clappin' Cappin' you til' you see through Bitch go ask B3 too how we do Cuz me, you to one equals people,  Retaliation also known as the sequel It's X-rated, cuz the clique's made ten and now you throw the bitch Like I got no fuckin' sense, and I don't so take that A dead ass nigga can't talk, wave or blink back Click! Snapshot, to me your rap's not That hot like a fat rock off a crack spot In the back got a stable,  That's able to crack a bitch with a conference table Then choke her wit a jumper cable A Chiefer that stay reefer mo blunted One time a hoed stunted  We beat that bitch and right now no more frontin' Niggas actin' all shitty, gettin' no pity Cuz my niggas actin' pretty showin' many from our city Retalitation nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Big K.R.I.T., UGK Album: Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors Song: Gossip Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Pimp C sample] We gon' fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes-hoes wanna gossip Niggaz-niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip We gon'-we gon' fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Niggaz wanna tell it, hoes-hoes wanna gossip Niggaz-niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip We gon'.. [Big Boi] No introductions needed, boi just call me The Undefeated (BIG) And underneath this Georgia dry, I know I can't be seen with -  (BIGGER) bifocals because my vocals are classic Like Coca-Cola when they had cocaine in the package (WOOF!) I meant to say, blow in the ingredients And I went to the mall today and all the niggaz had on smediums~! (Hahaha!) Lil' bitty-ass clothes like Dancing with the Stars without the judges or the dance flo' Oh and niggaz +Don't Dance No Mo'+, all they do is dis Beef it up, call me Venus Fly Trap, waitin on fly emcees to eat 'em up I'm fly as I can be, them weak as fuck And ain't no keepin up, I'm balls deep and them ain't deep enough Fat Sax nigga, Cadillac killer (yep) Cataract prescription filler, I got my medicinal card  from Los Angeles, the city of lost angels A connoisseur of cannabis and from Atlanta, bitch! We never shop with skrangers, no matter what strain they slangin Some of the game rules done changed Niggaz is out chea talkin like a cockatoo, to a cop or two Now they watchin YOU and ya mama too - bird's-eye-view (view) [Pimp C] Uh, I'm gettin blowed on the regular Ridin and talkin dirty on my cellular Playa I got some young gurls that'll sell you some Uh, and if you my homeboy, she gon' give you some And it's all for the paper, but she still gon' cum You dippin in the cookie jar and now you sprung Uh, I'll have you trippin like you smokin furl Playa my hoes don't talk, anybody gon' tell yo' girl Uh, hol' up [Big K.R.I.T.] Okay, now niggaz wanna tell it, hoes wanna gossip Cause they pussy wahn't hittin and they lip was super sloppy Suck a duck-a motherfucker, rims chop, Lorena Bobbit Want my money, corner pocket, plenty game hoe Sop it like a biscuit, King of Diamonds, king of trickin, what's the difference? Got it poppin like a skillet with some chicken grease in it Country boy, country ways, from the belly to the grave Grow to bet nobody trippin cause the money already made - Krizzle [Bun B]  Man, I hate it all the time, I got haters in my biz (biz) Talkin 'bout the trill but don't know what the fuck it is (is)  Motherfuckers nowadays (days), are seriously sorry (sorry) Thinkin that the key to life is puttin ya business on Maury (Maury) You say you rockin Mauri but them motherfuckers Rockport Always talkin 'bout you bus'in nigga, but ya Glock short (short)  I know the truth so ain't no need in ya lyin (lyin) Bullshit ain't workin, ain't no need in ya tryin (tryin) Dyin to be the nigga that's spied in the telescope Crime with trilla niggaz, put-iron-to-ya-belly folk Tellin them tall tales, fibs, and humdangers (dangers) Save it for Jeremy Kyle, Steve, or Jerry Spranger (Spranger) Buzzin like a bee, tryna stick me witcha stanger (stanger) Bitch you can get the middle - (What middle~?) The fanger Stick it in ya ass and let it langer, no homo  and hit the high note like an R&B singer on promo (Hol' up!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Boi f/ Bun B, Gucci Mane, Project Pat Album: Sir Lucious Left Foot... The Son of Chico Dusty (Deluxe Edition) Song: Shine Blockas (Remix) Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com [Intro: Big Boi] + (Gucci Mane) Yeah! All the ladies say hoooo All the hoes say, (Hah, Hah, Hah) Yeah! Here we go A-town! C-post! Cutmaster Swiff, down your throat Boy stop!!!!  [Verse One: Bun B] Hot damn, ho (ho), here we go again (gain) Raise up off of mines, put your elbow in Slow your roll like your off-sets is off set You out of line, cuz you out off line, so you off net Leather seats all wet, paint up on the Fleetwood On this point, Jordans on my toes, did my feet good Still got my Coogi, my shorty got a Gucci on Flossing on the same track I hear Big and Gucci on Now we remixed it like it's two different packs  of Kool-Aid in the same jug, and I'm feeling same, thug This is for the boys in blue, and the G's flamed up I'm in the big body slab, raised up, game up! [Chorus: Gucci Mane] I'm on my grind shawty, don't block my shine shawty Hold up, hold up guess who just showed up? Rolled up, rolls cut, drop with the doors up I'm on my grind shawty, don't block my shine shawty Wait a minute, wait a minute, chill a little, sit a minute I can't close my safe no more cause I got too much money in it [Project Pat over chorus] It's your boy.... Project Pattah [Verse Two: Project Pat] I still get if off with the soft and the hard Now it's stacks that I stack for the sixteen bars Used to dodge them laws in them stolen cars Now I'm Escalade, sitting high with the stars Took a shine like a star, now my head is in the clouds And I'm papered, so I'm right back on the line Project Pat, my dog, and I'm leading half a pound Cousin house in the bay, on the North side of town Man, the streets in me, so I can't say I don't miss em Dipping through the hood plucking chicks, but I don't kiss em She wishin that I would take her home; long stick her  Then I get her back, hit it from the back and I'm gone [Verse Three: Big Boi] Can't be tripping bout no paper cause the safe is not so safe, The piggy bank got legs and feet, and can get up and walk away, shawty With my southern drawl, awkwardly I spray  Like the backside of a skunk and the stash house with the pump Pistol whip in my lap at all times in the 'Llac  From Atlanta to Savannah, can a nigga stop that? Not when God's got his hands on me only the strong survive And the weak minded are falling by the wayside They try But which I overcome and succeed, indeed But with success comes a great responsibility We chose to lead not follow, It's a hard pill to swallow Better get prescriptions filled cause there might not be tomorrow [Outro: Big Boi] + (Gucci Mane) Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah A-Town representer (Hold-hold-hold up) East Point, College Park Decatur, Yeah! I got me armor on, sword and shield on deck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Bun B, Ludacris Album: Return of 4Eva Song: Country Shit (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Ludacris] Yeah... I've been waitin to tell 'em about this country shit I'ma learn ya! You ready? LUDA! [Ludacris] Lemme tell you 'bout these old school Chevys, Cadillac SS, Impalas (Whoo!) If you smokin then we got mo' sacks than Troy Polamalu Yo' partners want some quarters, my partners want some keys In Atlanta we get that paper, can you haters say CHEEEEESE? Ten thousand watt amps (amps), six 15-inch kickers (kickers) My truck bumpin like an injected ass shots, like a stripper No insurance on these whips, tags all outdated I might not be shit to +YOU+, but my momma thinks I made it We gon' ball 'til we fall, or this Conjure get us wasted And I never drink that WHITE, all my women think I'm racist On that brown with a twist, tell these hoes to reminisce That my name is Ludacris and I'm like, "BEEEEYITCH~!!" [Chorus: Big K.R.I.T.] Lemme tell you 'bout this super fly, dirty dirty Third coast muddy waters, shawty pop that pussy if you wanna Lemme tell you 'bout this ol' school, pourin lean Candied yams and collard greens, +Pocket Full of Stones+, ridin clean Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit Lemme tell you 'bout this country shit, country-country shit, country-country shit [Big K.R.I.T.] I told 'em, "Aw man, hold up!", country is what country does M-I-crooked letter, hoe, who you know do it better fo'? Pull up, hop out - clean, in my old-school time ma-chine Keep a parachute for this altitude 'Cause when you riding this high, make it hard to breathe Mayday, holl'n out payday, +Knockin' Pictures Off the Wall+ when I creep Pros get wet as fuck when I speak, southern drawl it's just the way it be Heavy like sumo, numero uno, pourin up brown, she sippin on Nuvo Pimpin so cold, never trick on a hoe Outer space with the flow, like I'm livin on Pluto, y'know Biiitch~! I'm UGK influenced {SLOW IT DOWN} Chop-Chop and Screw it, for the folk in Texas that forever reckon with the styrofoam cup and the purple fluid Return of 4eva, I thought you knew it Country shit, that's all I see That's all I know, that's all I feel, that's all I am, that's all I'll be - country [Bun B] Candy-candy painted, 'Lac Biarritz (ritz)  Sitin on twenty-fo's, vogues (vogues) Pull up on my scene and I mack ya bitch (bitch) It ain't hard to tell, I suppose she chose To send over the clothes (clothes), Rolex and shoes This Charlie Sheen pimpin too big to lose (lose) Roll with trues and keep girls in twos Boy, you musta heard wrong, well you been confused See, I'm the big brother of Sweet James (James) I know all about these street games But the trick gon' pay (pay), the chick gon' say (say) So she cain't lie about what she, brang I'm certified like U.S.D.A. Representin Texas, straight up out the PA Graduated the School of Hard Knocks with a B.A. Right under the nose of the Vice and the D.A. Anything we say, take it as law, nigga When I'm in the booth, no rubber, I'm raw, nigga (raw, nigga) Talk down, get busted in yo' jaw, nigga Like I'm your pa. go run tell yo' ma, nigga (ma, nigga) No flaw nigga, one hundred percent Old school, no glass house, I'm under the tint (tint) Ask anybody here who runnin this shit K.R.I.T. and Big Bun in this bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Big Sant, Bun B Album: Live from the Underground Song: Pull Up Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 2X: Big K.R.I.T.] When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over When I pull up, it's over, I pull up, it's over Better cuff your chick, this shit here legit, bitch [Big K.R.I.T.] Five in the morning, riding yawning, can't turn my beat up On the way to a bopper with a crib that I can kick my feet up See the candy was shining, freshly priming, first time I seen her Now she wanna ride high with her head in the sky and look down on all her people Ain't it crazy how pavement be cracking when I'm slabbing them Vogues? Hoes go to jump in and can't find the handles on my doors So much twerking and working in here, I should install a pole for them strippers that love to suck and fuck and get-get down on the floor Transformers can't with this, not the way my doors flip Skyscraper tall when I creep and crawl, is that K.R.I.T. or a solar eclipse? Rise of the apes in my trunk when my chariot swang down Make the broke catch ghost like the Rapture approaching when my old school come around [Chorus 2X] [Big Sant] Say bitch, I pulled up on the curb, straight peeled off wit' yo' girl Say she wanna ride with a pimp, wanna get that dick that she deserves Say my back seat softer than a pillow top, paint so wet that it hit the spot And I'ma quench your thirst, that little nigga should have did it first You was holding hands and I was in her purse, I'm getting throwed up under city lights She right side checking lipstick, tryna make sure that her titties right We in the parking lot with the trunk open and sipping Standing outside the whip with the woodgrain wheel like it's 1996 Yeah trick, I'm 'Ridin' Dirty', Big Sant bitch, I know you heard me Tryna get the 'Lac with the eighty-fo's, tag just gon' say beg for mercy I just swerve and swang and bang it, beware cause a hoe might leave you hanging Better let 'em know I'm forever holding, kicking doors open, pay what you owe me, I told 'em [Chorus 2X] [Bun B] See pimping is what pimping is, and macking do what it feel like Drip the drape with that chunky stitching, and fo's and Vogues so I peel right Candy paint on that body mayne, chrome the grill and that woman Them belts and buck's and fifth wheel on the trunk, you'll hear me knock when I'm coming That bass so hard that it's numbing, that chrome so shiny it's blinding Them seats so soft that I'm sinking in 'em, so it's no need to recline 'em I drop the top and you see me, got different shit on each TV Got one with Sopranos and one with The Wire, the one up front is Boardwalk Empire Woodgrain wheel so goddamn new that sap come out when I grip it I represent for that P.A.T. and that H, so hoe I'm still tipping I chunk the deuce when I flip it, for my city I put on R.I.P. to the Pimp, this UGK for life for real, and I'm gone [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big K.R.I.T. f/ Bun B Album: King Remembered In Time Song: Shine On Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Big K.R.I.T.] Back one mo' 'gin Multi 'til the sun die, UGK 4 Life Good Lord, Good Lord, it feels good to shine (SHINE) Let's go [Big K.R.I.T.] By the time you prob'ly heard this I was on another verse bitch  Diamonds in the back with curtains  Breakin hoes off, I never dose off at my post Never disrespect your host, or bite the hand that feed ya Cufflinks cold as Ebenezer, my momma prob'ly shoulda named me Caesar Cleaner than a Baptist preacher, that used to pimp Gator shoes don't make the man so, primp primp So keep on with that, like I won't whip back Around in that 'Lac 'Lac, that you done seen Don't wurry about this, I'm surrious about this If you know what I mean, shine on {"Shine on me..."} (Don't get me wrong) Yeah, yeah, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (It's way too strong) Yeah, yeah, yeah, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (Don't get me wrong) Good Lord they know it, we shinin on {"Shine on me..."} (Ain't nobody trippin cause the money already made) [Big K.R.I.T.] So lately I've been observin (dat right) A lot of these niggaz look nervous (dat right) Come on in, don't be ashamed Go an' steal some game from my sermon (Well..) Cause elevation to celebration, I preach that dere and that bullshit they've been servin y'all, I don't eat that dere Keep that plate, I got my own Don't test my patience, bitch I'm grown! It ain't much you can tell me granny ain't already told me ...and she wasn't wrong, yeah we that strong So fuck your umbrella, rainy weather, and all that shade If God ain't want me to shine, he NEVER woulda let me chop on blades So shine on [Bun B] They say man make money, money don't make the man  But it's a little bit of both Cause it'll take some change, for you to make some change (yep)  That ain't just some shit I wrote Man that's natural fact and not evolution My mind game still evolvin (hol' up) And I'ma keep on rollin like 24s' and this world just keep revolvin Good at problem solvin, cause I'm good at startin shit in first place And it feels so good to be where I'm at man  cause where I was was the worst place (uh) But times change, so I keep hustlin Boys tryna to make my time cease But I'm laid back with my dime piece (what) Shinin hard like my time piece and it's on [Bridge] Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, I need you come on one more time and shine baby) Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Won't you shine baby, I need you do it like you do it)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, one mo' time for all my folk an' 'em) Ain't no shinin, like we shinin  (Shine baby, shine baby)  Ain't no shinin, like we shinin, babe  (They can't stop me from shinin on my own) (SHINE) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Moe f/ D-Reck & Pimp C Album: Purple World Song: Cash Typed by: Lil Hustle * * send corrections to the typist (*ad-libs*) (Chorus: Noke D) I'm talking cash, nigga Gripping grain, swanging lanes We talking cash, nigga Candy paint on all them Range We talking cash, nigga Don't try to stop my shine We talking cash, nigga Cause I tussle on the mind I'm talking cash, nigga - 4x [Big Moe] It's Big Moe I stepped up in the door Out the Southside bitch I'm far from a hoe I ain't even scared and you know I'm down to wreck it I'ma hit the bed Moe-Yo gone get naked Got to strap my glock, got to strap my ding-a-ling Out the Southside, Moe-Yo gone sing sing I'ma swing swing, crawl down slow It's that Big Moe and you know I'm no hoe I'ma knock down that hoe Toni Braxton It's Moe-Yo come down there hating hoes I'm taxing ?Slacking sleeping off? you can't be talking about my click You know it's Wreckshop, hating hoes be on dick It's that boy Moe, I'm out the Southside I done came down, Moe-Yo I'm gone chop Ain't gone stop to the T-O-P I creep I'm putting it down from the M-O to the E My nigga Noke Deezy, all about his cheezy It's the Moe-Yo claim pussy got to be greasy Got to keep it wet, on the mic I be's a vet I'm coming down five thousand gotta get my check If you want me to be on your song, or sing a damn hook It gotta be five grand bitch I'm coming down cool With my nigga what Blue U Out the Southside, M-O-E a damn fool With my partner D-Reck, hoes they been checked It's that Wreckshop, earning paper and our respect And my brother K-Luv, my nigga Big Toon Knocking down soon, Moe-Yo gotta get a room At the end of the fucking night, I'm gone be fucking It's that Moe coming down, I do the gangsta strutting My nigga King One, let's have fun My partners Keke, Weets, the Lil Red coming down on hard My nigga High G, you know he's down with me M-O to the E, from the 1, 2, 3 The Wreckshop tree, that's where I be from Partner Silly Yo coming down on fucking hard (Chorus) [Pimp C] Since I was 17, I've been sipping on sip Bitch niggas come through empty out the clip I love old school cars, with candy ass paint Your other niggas pussies cause them other niggas fake You hollin' you a killa but I know you ain't no killa I see you in the street bitch I'm a trill ass nigga And now since the eighties, putting niggas down Letting motherfuckers hear all that bass around I ride an Impala, don't pop my collar Coming through the record company, want all my dollas You ain't got my paper bitch, you don't get no dick And I ain't put my dick in the uh you wrecked Cause tramp hoes be talking, on the pilla walking Out the street get them hoes, telling em bout all your clothes And your car sitting on gold, and how much you get at shows You shouldn't trust that bitch, that bitch will get you hit I see it all the time, bitches get knocked on the grind Keep it ten with that wife, coming back in the middle of the night Say bitch you need to stop, you need to sell some cock You need to get off them rocks, and get on private yachts I'm talking bout they cousin, coming through bitches buzzing Drinking on hennessy, bitch you don't know Pimp C You late on the slab, coming through whipping ass I whip it up in the lab, and put it out like it's dark around (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Billy Cook f/ Bun B, Congo Album: The Truth Song: Slab on Blades Typed by: Lil Hustle [Bun B] Well, I'ma let my candy Cadillac glide (glide) From the North to the Southwest, to the Southside Blanging down the block, with that 8-0-8 kick My spinning 24's, making boys straight sick I put it down daily, can't nobody knock it Represent my zone, with them stones in my pocket Boys wanna hate, but it ain't too much to say Ain't no holding what I do, so holla back another day Eleven years straight, and cuz I'm still standing tall With my hands on my nuts, my back against the wall I'm deep off in these streets, my ear to the ground I know what you thinking fool, but it ain't going down We young in this game baby, ain't nobody jacking We five cars deep, everybody pistol packing Tell em Billy we ain't tripping, we flipping through the hood Throwing up the deuce, and trying to show em some'ing good [Hook] Billy Cook and Bun B, set it off in the club Congo and B.M.G., if you with us tear it up See my ways is player made, my slab be rolling blades My niggaz we lift the art, of many ways to get paid Billy Cook and Bun B, set it off in the club Congo and B.M.G., if you with us tear it up See we do just what we feel, and we feel just what we do B.M.G. 1965, Texas plates gripping wood [Billy Cook] I'm B.M.G. I write checks, I'm on both sides of the spectrum Rapping R&B Superstar, barring none I eject em A veteran, wreck off it when I pull up on the scene Fly as pigeon cool as cooler, then a fan naw' I mean Pimped out 64's, Caddy on 24's Billy Cook/ Bun B, and my nigga Congo I got a team of go-getters, stunners and head hunters Plenty of cash plenty of do', plenty of dro and head busters I might be sick with it, don't get it twisted I'm no sucker Bullshit labels try to sign me, but they greedy as a motherfucker Try to put Billy Cook up on us, except for game ain't contained Trying to leave C.C. out, you bitch niggaz is lame I done told ya, niggaz be stressing me that's for real Don't be fucking with my team, unless you want your caps peeled I'm a beast with this R&B, and I reign supreme Down South who it be, Billy Cook I'm a G [Hook] [Congo] Dipping through, in a Fleetwood And a hot boy, like I'm burning logs on a skeetwood I set it off in this bitch, like Big T would For your sake, your bitch ass better have a flee foot I'm holding something, that can chop and sweep your hood And peep your good, when your diamond line complete your wood It's diamonds up against the wood, when I creep the hood I'm trying to find a fine dime, to top piece my wood A head plumber down, to handle all my leaks for good Rich ain't as Christine, when I'm pimping in the parking lot I'm blowing big green, with a cloud cause I spark a lot So if you with it pimping, holla back it's super tight Cause I'm smoking super weed, and sipping on a super Sprite It's only right, that I set it off with Billy C Double O-K, to catch me rolling man just picture me Man I can't change the way I am, it's just the pimp in me It's meant to be, that's why my slab on blades nigga [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tuck f/ Bun B Album: Tha Absolute Truth Song: Texas Takeova Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) It's going down, Bun B baby Big Tuck baby, you know what time it is The Texas take over, know I'm tal'n bout Ay yo Tuck, time to show these boys how we keep it trill Down South know I'm saying, well let em know [Big Tuck] G'eah, this is the Texas take over The G4 plane, or the Rover Snatching this money, like a soldier's supposed to Riding with the pistol, syrup and the doja Texas is holding, woodgrain controlling Feeling like Tina, big wheels keep rolling Big money folding, your ery'day hustle Today I'm in London, tomorrow I'm in Russia Hurricane Tuck, the man of the hour Just got the money, now I'm working on the power And my real niggaz, still working that powder While I'm representing, this blue bunny flower [Hook - 2x] If you want it, you could find us in Texas Never gon leave, cause we love Texas Everything big, up in Texas By the way we walk, you could tell we from Texas [Bun B] It's Big Bun king of the trill, woodgrain gripping From the land of candy paint, where them boys ain't tripping See, Texas is the home of Screw music and drank Coming down blowing swishas, on them 4's that clank Muddy styrofoam cups, full of oil in our hand Sitting sidways on leather, as I flip through the land Chunking deuces showing love, as I swang up on your Boulevard One hundred percent gangsta, don't make me have to pull your card From P.A.T., on up to the D The fucking town we holding it down, and keeping it G So what you see is what you get, baby simple and plain Two of the realest done hooked up, to shut down the game Don't ask us how we got thoed, we just start Now that UGK done hooked up with that, DSR It's a wrap, all haters bow down go on and chill It's some new sheriffs in town, that's on the trill [Hook - 2x] [Big Tuck] I stay hopping out the pearl, Maybach Living like Diddy in the city, take that Blowing real kush, don't believe it blaze that Mob in the club, where the stage at You could tell, that I'm playing with some change Cause I got some down South stones, on the chain Big Tuck is the name, flyer than a plane Got the Gucci lens, with the diamonds on the frame Down here in Texas, everything good Everything candy, everything wood The Lone Star State, the house on the lake Riding with a bitch, thick pretty ass face g'eah [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B Album: How You Luv That? Vol. 2 Song: Ballin' Typed by: rap_beatz2k@yahoo.com [Baby] Now since I live in these motherfucking projects Police don't want to see us in cadillacs I bought a woman on gold to match my goals And I don't have to drop one of my hoes I got a Lexus and a Benz Expedition on chrome partner With 20 inch rims A hummer and a rose royce I got a candy helicopter in the lake front nigga I'm a ball till I fall Talk shit till I fuck I'ma fly till I die Shake till I break I'ma bake these cakes and drink alizate And fuck a different bitch every night of the week I'ma shop till pop and keep a high price partner Range and rove, got a mouth full a gold And I love these hoes Niggas wearing Rolexes Spendin 50 or better till coming back from Texas Bustin leafs and leather Got a hummer full of bricks Cuz I know I'm the shit, you can believe that nigga Got diamonds and golds so I can blind these hoes I'ma ball till fall, spending g's at the mall Have a big ballin party, inviting all y'all 10 G's around my neck, 50 g's on my rolex 100 G's on my Benz, 20 G's on my rims 5 G's just laying on the floor I party, hit the dope and give you 5 G's son The old man never seen that much cash before 700 G's stashed away for my son I hit it harder and get some cold rum Downstairs has 2 million just in case I die Baby we ain't gonna ride The little BC gonna ball till I die Playboy, tell me how you luv that? [Mannie Fresh] I got so many cars I don't know what to do I got so many hoes I'll give one to you Lexus laying wit the TV playin, that my CO Projects swallow me, cuz I'm negro The cornrolls don't got a hummer man The broads too I keep the hurricane Nigga raw street, thats the bubblied Benz Nigga raw folks, wit the Batman Benz, come on Put your eyes on this nigga Baby Papa, I got a diamond ring for you maybe I slam cadillac bowls me and Baby gram Out of state hoes wit diamond rings 7 nigga teens Look at the fuckin karats on your triple beam How you luv that? Lexus wit the blue stripe Can you take that Apollo with the white ass pipes 100's, 1000's, millions, damn Like from 6 till noon, I buy a whole building man [Bun B] Bitch we top of the line Never fuck wit niggas that drop a dime Thinking we ballin I'll fuck if you mine Your talks is too high. there's some diamonds bout to be blind Stop some time, then you can possibly climb I got Cash Money to prove it Walking and talking like I'm all cute and Refreshen and reuse it With cars you can't purchase While you strugglin for 2 g's at churches Nobody searchin, they just find and drop the bitch Probably looking for the boy, so we can get out this bitch Now the drink is on us, for the fights no fuck I'm visiting a whore, hoes only got butts, get naked and show cunts I need fucking sucking ass blowing Now just back up and show us your butt Blow up when you see us  Go down the beach and get some Reeses If don't believe it, ask Jesus Bitch we ballin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B (U.G.K.), Lil' Wayne Album: How U Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Millionaire Dream Typed by: markthomas@netalpha.net Whazzup This the life nigga Check [Verse 1] I got ten round my neck, twenty on my wrist  Million dollar luck ah, million dollar kiss Pull up in my Lexus, sippin on Dom P Call me lil' baby but you ain't know it was C.M.B. I floss everyday wootay Knowin to shine like a crushed wined face Roley What the deal on the real it's all about scrill Pretty grills, pretty broads, and plenty mills ah Ridin to myself up in my baby benz  Playin tens, goin shoppin with my lady friends Flyin to Nashville, me and bob splittin eighty Then I chill on Washatona with Slim and Baby See the $ on my back symbolize my click See the $ around my neck symbolize we rich Always wonderful, but Baby gotta see it to believe it All this ice and rich heights man it's off the heezy Fifteen and I'm workin wit a hundred and better And you can put that on my diamond Gucci bezel What [Chorus: repeat 2X] I got ten around my neck (mm mm) And baguettes on my wrist (*Bling*) See we ball till we fall (la la) Livin a millionaires dream (wootay) [Verse 2] Since I done hit me a lick, I done got some shit That most niggas out chere can't fuck wit Sixty- Five on rims to get they mind right Then took the Cash Money piece and put twenty all night Now I'ma ball till I fall if it kills a bitch Check the crown of the Roley from the flick to the wrist Six figures ain't enough for this game that I'm in If I can make a hundred G's then I can make a million Rice and Baby in a loader fuckin around with them hoes Me and Slim was parlaying makin deals in the rose Wayne and Manny in a hummer spit 'n game to a bitch B.G. and Juvi in a benz bumpin hot boys this Big Tymers oh it's nothing nice I ain't sellin for shit If it's a Bentley that I want, it's a Bentley I get Drop-top, CD changer, come equipped with the phone Cash Money Big Tymers and we ride on chrome Playa Haters want to picture me fallin' If you could picture 'Pac rollin, then you can picture me ballin Living good, lookin good, playin cards with the ??? CMR Hot Boys Big Tymers for life, nigga Yeah we drinkin diamonds and gold For the nine scrilla, biatch (echo) [Verse 3] Nigga I got million stashed so I can buy these buildings  And duck these killings And tipping these niggas tryina have billions  I just wanna raise my two children Going to these white folks and demandin millions Havin 'em saying Cash Money worth figures And tippin 'em just like Suge Knight did 'em And I done did my dirt in the process tryna' make millions See I done did a lot of shit in my lifetime Like, makin money, committing these stupid crimes But I still got my ghetto stripes When I'm pimp in the game  Cuz, I love to hustle all through the night Cuz, when I hit my block it's like the Pope done stopped I have them lil' children sayin, "Baby please don't stop" Worth six figures and I'm rich and these hoes and right Hustlin all night so Lil' Bryan can eat right I'm going holla at my people in Melph to make sure shit right ??? so I'ma cruise to the next life  Me and Bryan got to bitches we goin fuck tonight If they don't give up the pussy hotel they get left tonight That's how it be worth some G's  Man you can play them hoes like they ain't worth shit You dig (Baby Talking) [Chorus) [Verse 4] Young niggas wearin cracka gators All my life eatin steak and potatoes Valet please get the beige Mercedes It's beautiful, la la, don't hate us Back up for the most spectacular, cake stackular  Performance like Acura, got these stayin like Dracula Vroom, how you like that diamond bezel Blindin everything up in this bitch when I hit the shiny pedal  It's marvelous, the life I live  Smile pretty child got plenty Crystal to give Rolex's for everyday of the week Blowin gars in all kinds of cars will my brother Keith Steaks and fetuccini, lil' girls in bikinis Maybe Baby might let me use his beige Lamborghini Givin all these project hoes the weenie On radios and videos y'all hoes seen me Life styles of the rich and richer Look on any bad bitch wall you goin see my picture Wildlife on my feet everyday of the week Now how that shit hit you Look here Baby I'ma get wit you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B, Lil' Wayne Album: How You Luv That Vol. 2 Song: Playboy (Don't Hate Me) Typed by: gnikals330@yahoo.com [Lil Wayne] I be comin with it  If spot Wayne from a distance in the Expedition I'm on chrome 20 inches You'd know who I be Oh yes you'd know me Hoes see millionaire that's h-o-t Wodie slow down you might be ahead To slip and tell all your broads we already Coleon me a mobsta regular And you can call me on my ce-elier (cellular) (What) Celebrate and pop the Don-p (beep) That's Re that drop the bomb beats (uh-uh) Middle name's Rabbits Stuntin' hard naw that's my daddy Rabbit I got a rolley on my wrist with ten karats And I'm a shine but I'm still about blastin' (huh) Nigga lil shorty bout paper  Bedroom, second floor in a bater(???) I'm a superstar (star)  Money makin' pimp Up in the double-R (R) Just me and Slim I'm gettin cheese by the bills stackin' cake boy Cash Money how you love that playboy, playboy [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful How you love that playboy [Bun B] We go lights, action, camera We here to hammer ya Go ask Pamela or your baby mama lil Tamera Feel like a samera or Zorro rich niggas don't barrow Fill a check and wait 'til the bank open tomarrow Look at your sorrow Heads gotta meet  Kids gotta eat Why don't we make a mil (million) Rhymin' in and out of beat In mydazeep(???) Shit don't even look for it it's way off Concerts sellin' out like Chicago Bull's playoffs So stay off the ground cuz it's dangerous wodie Too many riches these bitches gonna wanna hang with us wodie It's a gang of us wodie You see one everywhere you go Ain't no thing with this wodie You get it any ear for sure We go to the bank So much bitch we got a bedroom What else count money and give a nigga head room So when you hear the leg boom Bitch you better get somewhere Somebody gettin' hit somewhere But on the west start some shit somewhere [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Playboy, don't hate me don't hate me don't hate me [Baby] I got these niggas talkin' bout this black on black hummer I scored that last summer But this year playboy I'm a stretch that motherfucker I bought a Yukon for my main bitch with my new horn Pictures of other niggas' old ladies suckin' my shit While you be lovin' this stupid bitch Now I guess since I been playin' with about 10 mil or 'sum These bitches givin' me their pussy like it ain't nothin' Goin' to the club with 10 G's And the bar tab that's all on Baby Lettin' these hoes and niggas drink for free Playgirl but you gotta understand 1 thing That shit all on Cash Money Well here's another case of this hoe sprayin' mace in my face Cause I wouldn't give this hoe no play Tellin' me I think my shit don't stink Cause I got a Benz, a Hummer, a Lexus  and a penthouse that say "hoe hater" With tattos with number 1 stunter With billionaire on my left arm And millionaire on my right arm Bitches be lovin' this gold grill homey I spent 20 G's on my earrings homey Nigga I ain't met a nigga that can drop a beat like Fresh And I ain't met a nigga tha can out shine me See I got a clip that's called "pussy go-getters"  Now playboy these hoes be lovin' these Cash Money niggas [Mannie Fresh] Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Don't hate me baby cause I'm beautiful These flashy cars ain't new to y'all Playboy, don't hate me don't hate me don't hate me [Mannie Fresh] (talking) What's happenin' this the gator shoe man Fresh and Vic a new man Anything come new playboy out I got 2 of that I think I can love that, I can love that, I can love that See what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,yeah This is a, this is a uhmm Cash Money/Big Tymers production This got Baby, Big Bun see what I'm sayin'  And Lil Wayne, and me myself, The Beautiful one It's beautiful baby, it's beautiful baby,  it's truly beautiful baby Now what we playin this year One Million, two million, maybe three million, maybe four Y'all just got to you know, hang in there  and see what we gonna do this summer What we gonna pull off, see what I'm sayin' What we gonna buy It's beautiful I'm just gonna give you a hint you dig We thinkin' about buyin' a city I ain't gonna say what city Just a city The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Tymers f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Big Money Heavyweight Song: Southern Boy Typed by: revz_girl@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mannie Fresh talking] Yeah,yeah yeah, if David Banner was here right now He would just look at y'all mutha fuckas and go "Damn,Damn, Damn, Damn" If Flip was here he would go "What is y'all saying?" [Mannie Fresh] I'm push a truck, nigga I'm drive a Benz Mutha fuck the 8's nigga I'm get the 10's I'm drink everything, I'm get drunk Watch the shoes, I'm show you dudes, I'm bout to pop the trunk I'm be captivator, I'm be calm Hat to the shirt, to the pants playa WOAH I'm play Polo, I'm stay rich I'm bout to bust the southside in this bitch I'm stay with Sprint mutha fuck Nextel (Can you hear me now, I don't love no gal) I'm eat chicken playa I'm sip lak And push the old school Caddy with the Diamond in the Back I'm get the candy paint just because I know you can't Pussy, pussy, pussy your life is blank I'm get the new J's smoke all the purple haze I'm stick with game spittin', game spittin' in your face [Chorus: Lil Wayne] 2x Cause Im a mutha fuckin' southern boy Coming down so clean, and with rhymes so mean Heavy starch in my jeans I want Criss, want hard, fuck a nigga, fuck a broad You can't stop my southern flow Cause I'm a mutha fuckin' southern boy [Baby] Look I ride the biggest truck 20 inches don't give a fuck When I roll nigga know I'm plush Coming round and I'm high as fuck Green truck, lift up, spinnin' blades is a must Wood grain, suede and leather, feelin' good with this Cali weather I can go in any hood get a nigga they know I could Coming round and I'm iced up too Nigga know bout me and my crew Laying low, being cool Smoking weed is what we do Moving ki's bought that coupe Stacking G's is what we do Nigga know that I'm slanging that iron Fuck around trying to take my shine Nigga know that I'm bout gettin' mine Hustlin, flippin' when I'm on that grind Nigga know we got work uptown Fuck around and we shut you down Pussy, pussy, pussy, you pussy pussy bitch [Chorus] 2x [Bun B] I'm pimping through the south holding my nuts I'm in my candy apple red cadillac car rolling them dutch White cuts with that stitch and tuck, lookin' for a bitch to fuck Find a slut lil fifty buck, look like you need this dick to suck I'm truck turner pimping, with Issac Hayes roll on Just another pimp gettin' his stroll on bitch hold on You staring at a pimp, tryin' to look him in his eyes When you prctice southballin', if you get broke don't be surprised Tell no lies about this mackin', some win and some be losin' If you fuckin' with my paper, you cruisin' for a bruisin' So let there be no confusion, pimping ain't no illusion Don't believe me ask (?), she shorted my lil brother She mutha fuckin' paged chose a pimp like no other We all about that dollar bitch so when you see a pimp don't try to holla Wipe me down and pop my collar [Chorus] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman f/ Bun B, Drake Album: Pricele$$ Song: More Milli Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Birdman] Make it so fresh, YM So fly so priceless, CMB bitch Just another day on the Top floor of the balcony bitch Live it how we live it Mula, Drizzy You what it is, young appreciate that It's big money poppin baby boy Ain't none of that lil biddy More, mo more milli More, mo more milli Yeah,.. pearl white candy paint job fly Big timer on the loose Got a bitch riding five And everytime I pull up you know I'm iced up When I step up in the club I light the bitch up Back on my saddle throwing purple out the truck Candy paint rally stripe shining like us Pearly white maybach, hatchback automatic straps stash spots under the rack bitch, ready to spray that Foreign grinds hard times Getting mines, you know up town Big time doing time You know, Harley Davis baby Cash money is pay me so you pay me how it weigh Baby, black, gold 100 mill off the floor Never told now you know how it go bitch One hundred, one hundred [Drake] Yeah Your now fucking with the most requested The young nigga that everybody is so obsessed with And balck on black 62 float majestic Me and stunna in it, boy I'm just so connected Caught up in a popularity contest It's about to reach my dreams and I ain't even got my arms stretched Thank me later first week I'm taking all bets Because a million copies isn't really far fetched I keep credit cards in cash knots I keep my darkest shades on til the flash stops It's for my LA girls getting them implants And all my DC girls getting them ass shots Got em for a reason shortie, go ahead buss it open I keep a secret baby, nothings heard when nothings spoken Haters talk it like my buzz isn't enough promotion And I just lost a Gucci sandal in the fucking ocean Damn, I guess the problems of a teen star Are confused all the conversations between y'all And dog that's funny, pay me what you know nigga All cash money Artist: B.o.B f/ Big K.R.I.T., Bun B Album: E.P.I.C. (Every Play Is Crucial) Mixtape Song: 5 on the Kush Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Bun B: x5] 5 on the Kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [B.o.B] Yeah, Yeah, HaHa I say I throw to the side Like a lateral I swear tonight I'm doing major damage Is collateral 50 on the potion 100 on the smoking Panoramic roof But we ride in slow motion Patron pass to ya Top self we toasted Top models Tops poppin off kelly rowland It's whatever I never let up I never feel better A house for the freaks And I'll never say never My seats all leather My jackets all leather Got peter pissed off cause my pillow full of feathers Since day one I stay down like a celler Bun B, KRIT BoB we some fuckin trend setters [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] [Big K.R.I.T.] Ok I roll up to the club I pull up to the mother fuckin top Got some hoes with a whippin bit on top Woofers in my cusion What's a trunk if it don't knock DJ on the dash If I want it then I cop It's G a ho [x2] And she a ho A sheep nigga leave alone What u pop pills for So high in the sky we crakin windows And this the end tho [Bun B] 5 on the kush 20 on the Drinks So floated in the club niggaz can't think [x5] Artist: B.o.B f/ Bun B, CyHi Da Prynce, Playboy Tre Album: No Genre (Mixtape) Song: Higher Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: B.o.B] You may not know my name But by the time I leave, you will remember the B to the O to the B And every single dot that's in between And every time I hop up in the scene I'm feelin' like I'm better than before I'm ready for whatever if you feel me let me know Cuz I just wanna flow I got up in this game tryna prove than I'm better than before But I don't even sweat it anymore I get up in the zone as I coast, As I take flight gravity better hold me tight Your relativity don't mold me right I'm every single kick, every snare, every line Please don't compare niggaz to me cuz I'm ham on the mic I'm down for the gamble like a red pair of dice You scared of the fight When you lay down and prepare for the night I be in the air on a flight I don't even care what the time High in the days of my mind Every single face that'll say "hey Bobby Ray" I say "Hi" You livin' the craziest life In a pair of shades I'ma bath and the spotlight raised Makin' every night club jump like raves Braves, braves, home of the braves Eastside Atlanta, that's where I stay Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Verse 2: Playboy Tre] Yeah, what am I to tell you streets? Never gave a drunk number to double shot of Hen Couple friends in the pen Do a couple years come home, year later nigga locked up again Man, calls on the phone, nigga what the biz? God damn ya'll doin' ya'll thang If life is a game, Tre Play that shit 'fore your folk come home with the ring, champs Do it for the hood, do it for the camp Passport livin' nigga do it for the stamps Do it for the deck 'til there ain't nothin' left Beat a bitch back like a trunk full of amps Trunk full of amps? Trunk full of amps Posted up drunk on the street like lamps Everybody high, but a word to the wise Don't try my clique cuz they might get amped So this for my niggaz locked up who call Said they want beats and the show's on the wall Know every time that I hit that stage I don't do it for myself man, I do it for us all This for my niggaz locked up, who right Take it through you, try and live my life Fuck what they say nigga get your pay They wanna go high, so watch me fly Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Bridge] Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) [Verse 3: CyHi Da Prynce] Okay, higher than you've ever been Just when you won't find a better medicine Now I highly recommend That you smoke it in the suite As me where I got it and I'll say I met a friend Police at the door, I would never let them in Everyday I wake up and try to set a trend Thomas Edison with whatever I invent Now I'm in a country that you ain't never been Netherlands Doin' more in the music, better let 'em in I don't know too many niggaz better than Prynce CyHi, so who want a better Benz? Vanilla, or yellow skin Big booty bitch, call her Evelyn Vegetarian when it comes to the green Get your dog shot like a veterinarian Tool in the seat Fly young nigga keep it cool in the heat Calmer than the farmer cuz I'm used to the beef Got more soul than the shoes on your feet Still a nigga free, then I move it to the east She probably your girl, then she cute and petite She said she got a man, what you doin' with a geek? Fuck him baby, come and chill with the king Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Verse 4: Bun B] Feels so dandy, comin' out candy Grippin' on grain in a clean 'Lac Go jump in the slab, put your seatbelt on Then adjust your position and lean back Its, Bun B and B.o.B and we be all about them greenbacks And we ain't farmin' no mean mugs or no lean thugs cuz we mean that Represent, Lone Star State And Kush City, home of the Astros Where them boys on the porch Smokin' on kush, in a cigar, straight from Castro We in the kitchen makin' all them fires Gettin' that dough with havin' to pass go And if you in the way of me and BoB gettin' this pay we gon' let your ass know That we the chosen, while you in time frozen We go straight ahead They sayin' he ain't this and he ain't that and he can't rap Well man, fuck what a hater says I keep on rollin' like a bulb tire With a bad broad out of Vogue, fire Underground King, go to my empire Cuz they might be high, but I'ma take them higher Yeah, I'll take you higher Higher than you've ever been See things you never thought You thought would never exist Higher Higher than you've ever been Where we go we won't fall, we'll stay there Cuz there's a place with no walls It's been ages since we've gone Get away, so long, levitate Higher than you've ever been [Bridge] Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) Higher (Higher than you've ever been) Higher (Higher) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bone Crusher f/ Bun B, La Chat, Lil' Flip Album: AttenCHUN! Song: Grippin' the Grain (Remix) Typed By: bigngreasy2006@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Bone Crusher) AttenCHUN! (Intro - Bone Crusher [Bun B]) BC: Bone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone (This line repeats 4X) BB: Break Em' Off (4X)   That Grippin' the Grain remix   Break Em' Off in here   UGK in here   Lil' Flip in here   We all in here, know what I'm talking about (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) Grippin' The Grain From the front to the back Can you feel my wolfers bang? Coming down bumping, knocking pictures off the wall (Verse 1 - Bone Crusher) 87 while I'm gripping the grain Pimping is hard though, ain't a damn thing changed Coming down so clean, shouts out to Texas man I'm so fresh, my nigga you didn't know Crispy starch jeans, starched down to the floor Heavy set exterior, deep into the floor What's y'all bitches talking about, you niggas ain't hardcore This here the major don Got the speakers in the trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Last line in verse 1 run through 1st line in chorus) (Verse 2 - Bun B) Yeah! It's Bun B, that underground king on top of ground In that Cadi slabbed out with rags out and it's down Chromey belts, buckles and blades that chop up and pound See the Neon in my trunk when I'm popping surround You be sipping on that oil, you dip off in that foil Put that water in the pot, watch me whip it when it boil PA I'm staying loyal, I keep letting them hang Until they free that Pimp C, Steven Jackson get the rain We gonna be.. (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Verse 3 - La Chat) I'm riding I - 85, big body Benz with spinning tires Bubbling eye signals on the mirror, when I turn the ride And the inside is just plushed out, wood grain and leather Clothes like feathers, navigational system ready to go where ever Ain't that clever, TV's in the backs of the head rests of the seats Plus that beat, you can hear the words of twist when I'm rolling down the streets So beep beep, let me have a lot of room while I'm switching my lanes Fast like a train, styling and profiling while I'm grippng the grain, we.. (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Verse 4 - Lil' Flip) Well I'm gripping the grain and flippng the caine, keeping my pockets fat I got dubs on my Jag, screens on my Cadillac I pack a gat, nigga take it cause it ain't no time for wasting Got a tech on my lap, plus a nine by the Play Station I riding high, getting bent, smoking weed, passing by Even when I'm just chilling, I still dress fly I'm a pimp until I die, I'm putting it down for Break Em' Off So if you ain't riding 20's, you got to take them off Cause you looking shitty boy, cause I run your city boy With Big Goon, Pastor, and my nigga Tity boy We came to get it crunk, so fire up the slunt And if that nigga talking shit, he will get jumped But I just came to chill, I ain't trying to have a fight I'm trying to show you niggas how a pimp turn out a dyke I do this every night, motherfucker how you feel From the land of the trill, the youngest one with a deal I'm Lil' Flip (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bone Crusher f/ Bun B, La Chat, Lil' Flip Album: AttenCHUN! Song: Grippin' the Grain (Remix) Typed By: bigngreasy2006@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Bone Crusher) AttenCHUN! (Intro - Bone Crusher [Bun B]) BC: Bone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone (This line repeats 4X) BB: Break Em' Off (4X)   That Grippin' the Grain remix   Break Em' Off in here   UGK in here   Lil' Flip in here   We all in here, know what I'm talking about (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) Grippin' The Grain From the front to the back Can you feel my wolfers bang? Coming down bumping, knocking pictures off the wall (Verse 1 - Bone Crusher) 87 while I'm gripping the grain Pimping is hard though, ain't a damn thing changed Coming down so clean, shouts out to Texas man I'm so fresh, my nigga you didn't know Crispy starch jeans, starched down to the floor Heavy set exterior, deep into the floor What's y'all bitches talking about, you niggas ain't hardcore This here the major don Got the speakers in the trunk, bump, bump, bump, bump (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Last line in verse 1 run through 1st line in chorus) (Verse 2 - Bun B) Yeah! It's Bun B, that underground king on top of ground In that Cadi slabbed out with rags out and it's down Chromey belts, buckles and blades that chop up and pound See the Neon in my trunk when I'm popping surround You be sipping on that oil, you dip off in that foil Put that water in the pot, watch me whip it when it boil PA I'm staying loyal, I keep letting them hang Until they free that Pimp C, Steven Jackson get the rain We gonna be.. (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Verse 3 - La Chat) I'm riding I - 85, big body Benz with spinning tires Bubbling eye signals on the mirror, when I turn the ride And the inside is just plushed out, wood grain and leather Clothes like feathers, navigational system ready to go where ever Ain't that clever, TV's in the backs of the head rests of the seats Plus that beat, you can hear the words of twist when I'm rolling down the streets So beep beep, let me have a lot of room while I'm switching my lanes Fast like a train, styling and profiling while I'm grippng the grain, we.. (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) (Verse 4 - Lil' Flip) Well I'm gripping the grain and flippng the caine, keeping my pockets fat I got dubs on my Jag, screens on my Cadillac I pack a gat, nigga take it cause it ain't no time for wasting Got a tech on my lap, plus a nine by the Play Station I riding high, getting bent, smoking weed, passing by Even when I'm just chilling, I still dress fly I'm a pimp until I die, I'm putting it down for Break Em' Off So if you ain't riding 20's, you got to take them off Cause you looking shitty boy, cause I run your city boy With Big Goon, Pastor, and my nigga Tity boy We came to get it crunk, so fire up the slunt And if that nigga talking shit, he will get jumped But I just came to chill, I ain't trying to have a fight I'm trying to show you niggas how a pimp turn out a dyke I do this every night, motherfucker how you feel From the land of the trill, the youngest one with a deal I'm Lil' Flip (Chorus 2X - Bone Crusher) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cam'Ron f/ Juelz Santana, Ludacris, Trina, U.G.K. Album: What Means the World to You 12"  Song: What Means the World to You (Remix) Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ludacris] Track Mas-ter-rrrah! What means the world to me? Snappin bras, menage-a-trois What means the world to me? Smokin hash, slappin ass What means the world to me? Breakin laws, racin cars What means the world to me? Makin bail, A-T-L [Cam'Ron] Uhh, uhh What mean the world to me? When I bang hoes, sky blue Range Rov's Stop comin to my crib with your period Serious bitch, and you act like I ain't know I like my dishes deep, I like when I twist a freak I like when her man find out, wanna call Cam's house Laugh when he went for me; I tell him Women are trife - yeah I been in your wife but do me a favor, dog Don't call here again in your life, I'm killer Atlanta I bubbled, in Memphis I hustled In Kansas I juggle, New York, all my muscle we tussle Listen you would too, if you knew what this game would do to you Been in this shit, two years Boo Look at all the bullshit I been through So called beef with you know who (who?) But I got macs, gats Nine nine's times nine, blow, blow, OW! (owww) [Ludacris] Let me tell 'em what'll mean the world Ludacris and a couple a girls You find a brotha runnin up in the girls I get 'em drunk, chugga-luggin the girls Ding-a-ling face huggin the girls I get late - think I'm up with the girls? Skeet, skeet, gone; it's all about that party Bacardi - motions, rub lotion, all over your body What means the world to me? A little head preferably, so I express this verbally And I don't care, I just want somebody to braid my hair Cause I keeps it nappy, I'm happy, and I got my word and ball That's all I need in this world, plus a little bit of alcohol A box of Phillies and tig ol' bitties in fifty cities I set it out after shows and the club is comin with me I'm black and proud, I'm black and loud, I'm black and high And it really mean the world to me if I live my life, stay black and die [Juelz Santana] Uhh, c'mon, yo, yo What mean the world to me? Gettin money fuckin girls for free On the corner hustlin from twelve to three Cook coke, make twelve from three, uhh Bottle up, it'll sell for three Two for five, sound well to me My coke so good have them fiends outside on line from twelve to three (uh-huh) And everything'll stop in the winter when I cop in the winter Come to your block in a drop in the winter Chinchilla top in the top of the drop in the winter Gotta make it hot in the winter, uhh Post on your block with the glock with the cops And the shit'll still pop in the winter 	{*chorus*} [Cam]	What mean the world to you? [Luda]	Breakin laws, racin cars (HO!) [Cam]	What mean the world to you? [Trina]	My house, my rocks, and my Bentley drop (OW!) [Cam]	What mean the world to you? [Trina]	Shoppin sprees in a Prada shop (HO!) [Cam]	What mean the world to you? [Cam]	Ladies? (HO!) [Trina]	Fellas (OW!) (HO!) (OW!) (HO!) (OW!) (HO!) (OW!) [Pimp C] Uhh, what mean the world to Pimp? My paper, steak and shrimp My bitches on the track For they daddy, bringin it back Pussy is still the best thing going I got a hoe like Jesse Owens I used to sell dope, ride dirty, cocaine scorin Sellin D wasn't for me, I gotta keep the prostitutes hoe'n Comin through, sittin low, in the C-F-I double-oh Platinum with the twenty inches Instrument to get the bitches Comin down, prancin 'round Gettin my dick sucked in every town Sweet Jones, fuck the clone Rippin wood, in the Brougham Bitch I got some game to sell and only money make my dick swell Hold up.. beitch, Sweet Jones [Bun B] Man, now what mean the world to me? Well, to me man, the world is mean Cause a - mean world is the only world that a mean man like me just care for seein Now ever-green I smoke, forever clean I croak The average Bun B Texas loc' The savage choked out, smoked out up in the mezzanine Now I'm just a fiend, hooked for the mic Bless the scene, look for the dyke I get her, let her, know that we better Hit the hotel, do what I like What's that? Find a fresh one take it in Strip it, flip it, break it in My pimp game is rock solid There's no way for you to bring fakin in Now we makin men, outta boys, or makin boys wormy Cause we bust bigger guns, got bigger nuts And when they go off they make a lotta noise And I can't think of no prouder joys than money, big cheese and a girl or two sheeit That's what the world mean to me mayn Tell me what the world mean to you, huh That's what the world mean to me mayn Tell me what the world mean to you, huh [Trina] I know y'all wonder, who the female stunner, in the G-G-Hunter Ridin 'round town in a hot pink Hummer, hot like summer With the diamond bangles like Charlie's Angels, you can't knock my hustle And I need my bread up front playboy, cause I can't trust ya I'm just like a phone bill, if you don't pay me, ain't no conversation And money mean the world to me, that's why this bitch here paper chasin When it comes to the figures I'm way way worse than them hustlin niggaz With the ki's to the coke, for the mansion the Bentley and the keys to the boat I take that dick real, real, real deep to the throat I'm from the M-I-A, that's where I dwell, niggaz can't you tell I'm bad as hell, even my pussy smell like Chanelle 	{*chorus*} [Cam]	What means the world to me? [Luda]	Breakin laws, racin cars (HO!) [Pimp]	What mean the world to Pimp? [Trina]	Marble floors, platinum beds [Cam]	What means the world to you? [Trina]	Stacks of bread on my Gucci spread [Cam]	What means the world to you? [Cam]	Ladies? (HO!) [Trina]	Fellas (OW!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Captain Save Em f/ Pimp C, Lil Big, & Yukmouth Album: My Cape is in the Cleaners Song: Representin South west Typed by: crazyniga@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist Representin south west Ain't nothin fake about it, Bout it, Bout it [Verse 1: Pimp C] Uh, When I was young, I used to want big rocks Now I'm breakin 'em in the black 'rarri drop top Wit the v-12 motor, So baby bend over For the big cheese holder, Blowin on dolja Tell me how ya feel when you see a pimp shinin 7 ave killer on my neckbone and diamonds That was 20 karrats, How ya gon stop If you was blazed on the 99 ave couldn't chop it Speakin of the lead gun, This is bout a new one Black on black thuggin mary, Buy mama the blue one Ya saw me in the white one, That was for that big bun And mary watches jus gave me a check for 2 million Now we did the first half, Never sip the hen fast Comin down franklin wit the bulletproof glass You can pay for p, But i'ma smoke on the best Cause that's how we do it in the south and the west [Chorus 2x] [Verse 2: Lil Big] Ain't No room for no elites up in my big league We monopolizing and prophisizing for bigger cheese Strategies makin our fantasies realities And business mentalities keep our pockets fat like calories It's time to get the mob a makeover No more slangin cola, We major stakolas plannin corporate takeovers Callin the shots up from the skyscrapers, Pushin paper Makin deals for millions gettin paid to sign players This thang of ours changed the movies, Music, And rappin Supplying what they demanding, And it's rapidly expanding Worldwide, So make you witness That the true definition of mob is money, Organization, And the business Who here? Big league players up from the west State ya biz, Mafia ties is in effect We connect, All of the dots between states, True respect For Lil Big, Yukmouth, And Pimp C [Chorus 2x] [Lil Big] If you represent the south, Say ya heard me! [Ya heard me!] If you represent the west, Say what what what what! If you represent the south, Say ya heard me! [Ya heard me!] If you represent the west, Say what what what what! [Verse 3: Yukmouth] Hollowtips bust out, Definite thugged out Said it before, I wanted to own my own drug house Ya dig it? Meal tickets and diamonds, Motherfuckers still kickin and grindin Niggaz hatin, Now doin it and shinin Crackin spills shit reclinin in a range Wit that woodgrain and tv screens, Video games ridin Hey, Listen to me, Motherfuckers goin off ecstasy hatin hennessy .45 Automatic, No way ya get rid of me Welcome to the city where niggaz act shitty But toast ya freight knees wit dum dums, It's the ol ak For niggaz who fled the cops, But they go our ways Listen, Plus I'm signed to rap a lot, scrap a lot Bust the gat a lot, Smoke, Slang crack a lot Listen, Crazy shit, Westside! Westside! [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Bun B, Mistah F.A.B., Paul Wall Album: Mixtape Messiah 4 (Bonus Tracks) Song: 2mph Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com "Sippin, sippin on lean, sippin, sippin on bo'" [Bun B] Comin down grippin grain, diamonds up against the wood Tops drop, blades chop, trunk is popped, I'm lookin good Swangin down the boulevard, chunky deuce, the fifth is shinin The queen is ridin shotgun and Finger's behind me So never you mind me, I'm just hustling, grindin My pockets are heavy and my diamonds are blindin My pistols are loaded and cocked so know that I'm ready I'll die for my family dog but I'll kill for my fair day R.I.P. to my baby bro, UGK until It ain't no stopping this movement, you lose on the real Cause we keeping it trill, that's from ashes to dust We got paper to make and fake nigga's asses to bust If you down for your hood, and you bangin that Screw Put your sets in the sky, cause this one is for you Keep on keepin it true, fuck haters and again Cause we don't play the game to say we play, we play to win [Hook: Mistah F.A.B.] {X2} Leanin to the side, you cain't speed through Two miles per hour, so everybody sees you Ridin by myself, with the pistol in the do' "Sippin, sippin on lean, sippin, sippin on bo'" [Mistah F.A.B.] Candy on my big wheel, yeah man I'm still a kid Twenty-six, rims same age as me, can you dig? Ridin down the block, knockin pictures off your wall Just showin off my grill made by Paul Wall Alpine speakers in my grill on blast Like my boys in Texas, hittin corner on them slabs Seat laid back, you know how us pimps be Keep your head up Bun B, rest in peace Pimp C A mill' on mine rolled back to back and young millionaires we haven't scratched Rhyme through the hood and habitat, candy paint look like some cabbage patch Haters hot, they mad at that, Chamillionaire, how F.A.B. get that? Two dimes in a car, how bad is that? King of the jungle, you an alley cat Prince of the coast brought Cali back, just threw some D's on a Cadillac Smoke so much, got cataracts, been rollin up for a matter of fact F.A.B. get love where F.A.B. is at, from the Bay to the South where them slabs is at Oakland down to Houston, only rollin with them savage cats [Hook] {X2} [Chamillionaire] {*Over Hook: Chamillitary mayne, yeah*} It's gon' be, F-A-C, T to the Feds gon' mess with me And F-A-B, when they see, mixtape money yes they pay me Mugabe, Inspector G, bring 'em all cause they cain't get me Ten vehicles parked in the yard, pick your choice, I'll get that key Take that jet out to West, let's swang and get our swerve on Hit that strip in my whip, gon' strip and let them sexy curves show Vehicle sittin very low, pimp that caddy very slow They like "Yeah, Chamillionaire, the realest I done heard holmes" [Paul Wall] I'm leanin to the side sideways, sittin crooked My Jolly Ratchet paint got all of the people lookin I'm beatin down the block, givin the streets an ass whoopin Peep the way a player move, take notes lil young-un I'm movin slow mo', leanin off a potent fo' Pistol in my lap, plus another one in the side do' You know I'm just a young hustler all about my doe Gettin cake and stackin up that paper, I need mo' [Hook] {X2} "Sippin, sippin on lean, sippin, sippin on bo'" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Bun B and The MddlFngz Album: Man on Fire Song: Deep Off Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com *Song borrows the beat from The Game's "Put You on the Game"* [Intro - People - talking] "Hey man, what's wrong with you?" "Fuck you lookin at nigga?" "I'm still tryin to find out nigga!" "Hold up, hold up, oh, we got a problem here?" "We got a problem here, we got a problem nigga?" (*gun shots*) [Verse 1 - Bun B] It's the return of the trill niggaz, hide your stash (stash) We dressed in all black and got the hood on smash (smash) I Roc ya like Dame Dash (Dash), one shot, one kill (*gun shot*) Ask anybody (body) and they gon' tell ya Bun real (Southern Smoke) It's a done deal when I pull up on ya Calico get unleashed (*gun shots*), niggaz clearin the corner Perfect to me and ten (me and ten), we movin much weight And this one for Pimp in a penitentiary upstate Damn, come on Bun, wait Naw nigga, this one dedicated to Pimp in a penitentiary upstate 'Til he come home, in his name we ballin We never forget the homies on lock or the fallen Band I.T., Young 'lo and Bad Azz Bam Sean Wee and Big Munst' and we ain't givin a damn If you need a kilogram, two, three or a dozen Come on down to Texas, holla at your country cousin [Chorus - Bun B] I can show you how to get stains, how to flip 'caine Show you how to grip grain, how to grip stains Bitch we deep off in the game (bitch we deep off in the game) Bitch we deep off in the game (bitch we deep off in the game) We be creepin in your backdoors, cockin back fours Show you how to mack hoes, slammin 'lac doors Bitch we deep off in the game (bitch we deep off in the game) Bitch we deep off in the game (bitch we deep off in the game) Already [Verse 2 - Young Kilo] Yeah, I learned how to shoot a MAC-10 'fore I turned 12 Hot shells burn, black skin turn pale You out to get mail?  I show you boys how to sell yay and how to tell what it weigh without a scale Motel 6, hard blow sell quick And I ain't gon' sell shit You'll sell nicks and dimes, twenties, even three dollar club sacks Buy y'all private, guaranteed to come back  [Verse 3 - Bad Azz Bam] I, turn sand into rocks with soda No wrist, just a fog tryin to rock your quota Microwave on top of the stove, these hands is cold  I, stretch the books, see how much water it hold Most niggaz think the water should be cold Really hot, keep it warm 'til the finishing lot Not cold nigga, listen and watch We takin bricks on the road, try to form your spot, nigga [Verse 4 - Chamillionaire] Yeah (Southern Smoke), you don't hear how we gettin it, then you gettin in the way I'm gettin rich, niggaz gettin pissed, cause most pussy niggaz play We can let that metal settle differences (*gun cocked*), let a clip set a date Point guard position, I'm assistin it, so an opponent better pray Of my environ-ment, yeah it's the Messiah So close to the truth than you, that your fiction cannot deny a Real nigga from gettin higher Don't believe me than check my prior Record, I said I'm on fire Your "poof" like your time expired, liar, haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Pimp C Album: Mixtape Messiah 5 Song: End the Fighting Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample of Pimp C talking] We gonna lose everything we fought to get man Don't you see That the game is set to leave the South and go somewhere else If we don't straighten up At the end of these records we listen to We don't get nothin out of 'em no mo' man We don't get no social commentary We ain't get no kind of knowledge out these records Everybody just talkin about how many chains they got on And how much dope they sold But the truth of the matter is this - I don't believe you! [Verse 1 - Chamillionaire] Yeah, independent as ever, Texas was at the top (top) Destiny tryin to stop us, expectin Texas to flop (flop) So we pull out the drops (drops), let the truck on and pop (pop) Reminisce how we lost almost every legend we got (got) CEO of myself just like J. is to Rap-A-Lot 'Face and the Geto Boys will always be big as 'Pac (for real) Jay is my favorite rapper (yeah) and Roc-A-Fella was hot But we gon' throw up the H before we ever throw up the Roc (Roc) Family chasin a dollar (yeah), Chad he got a daughter (yeah) Legacy with her mama, plus he got a Chinara (for real) Hawk he had a wife, so I pick up the phone to call her God gonna handle that and the blessing will be the karma (hold up) Who would of known that after the arguments we would ball? Got into it with Paul, started it as my dog Divided is how we stand, united is how we fall (fall) Pimp knocked down the door and then told me we had it wrong [Break - Sample of Pimp C talking] Everybody on these records lyin Everybody lyin, everybody this D-D boy Everybody these hardcore gangstas Everybody gon' do this to each other when they see each other And the truth be told We too blessed and we havin too much money in this rap game to be goin to war with each other Don't nobody wanna fight nobody in this rap game 'Cause 98 percent of these dudes is cowards [Verse 2 - Chamillionaire] Yeah, when the landlord's tryin to say I was locked out Hustler, that ain't nothin that I'm a cry about Used to sit up in the crib, Ramen Noodles with lights out Now my crib presidential and as large as the White House Yeah, maybe I'm gettin older (older), made me into a voter (voter) Daily I'm livin sober (sober), no mixin drank in my soda (soda) This reality show ain't as promisin as they told ya Texas got the controller, so maybe it isn't over You a man of morals, the industry can't destroy you (nah) Y'all be on that gossipin ish and I just avoid you (yeah) Y'all be actin like possum when seein I'm comin for you (yeah) Y'all don't really want problems with me 'cause I will destroy you Ew, these boys hatin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Slim Thug, Lil' Keke, Mike Jones, Trae,  Paul Wall, Bun B & Pimp C (UGK), Lil' Flip, Z-Ro, Scarface Album: I Won't Let U Down (Texas Takeover Remix) 12" Song: I Won't Let U Down (Texas Takeover Remix) Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I'm up early in the mornin'-thinkin bout gettin this money Lord knows I gotta get that paper the hustlers told me that I gotta go an get it now I'm gettin it the best way I know how I won't let you down [Verse 1 - Chamillionaire] Yeah! Our time has come, and your time has passed get out the way while I grind for cash money in the bank, and the rest be stashed when it's all done I will not be last y'all know me, y'all gon'see - Ben Franklin is my homie E - Y - E's is all on me, so lay it down like Ball & G no I can't be commercial, show e'm how to bring it to the streets for all my doggs ridin dirty, flyin birdies - pop the trunk when I pass the law Houston do we have a problem, obviously the answers 'Nah' ball hoggers won't pass the ball - I'm a steal that rock then pass to y'all [I won't let you down] [Verse 2 - Slim Thug] I'm on my block around the clock tryna get it if it get ya paid I did, got caught gotta quit it got out and got back up on my grind again cause you gotta play the game if you tryna win and hustle money ain't fuh sho, so I ain't tryna spend cause the minute you come up ya back down again I promise I won't let you down momma when it's the first of the month I'll be around momma [I won't let you down] [Verse 3 - Lil' Keke] Pound for pound, ups and downs but I'm still real chasin paper, money runnin like a treadmill I'm just a G in the street game we raise numbers I never let ya down, I never disapoint ya I'm up extra early - posted like a war solider my hustle hard like I cut it with some baking soda heart of a gangsta to the grind mayne I'm so commited Lord knows if I see the paper I'm a get it I'm up early in the mornin' - thinkin bout gettin this money Lord knows I gotta get that paper the hustlers told me that I gotta go an get it now I'm gettin it the best way I know how I won't let you down, won't let you down(*repeat 4x*] [Verse 4 - Mike Jones] H - Town got it on my back, chrome 84's on the Cadillac I stack stacks and stack plaques Ice Age we run the town - Ice Age we shuttin e'm down as long as I'm makin multiply(I won't let you down] my new album is on the way - when you say my name you say I'm paid H - Town we here to stay(Mike Jones] a millionaire can you imagine that? two time plaque can you add to that? - eleven cars can you handle that? [I won't let you down] [Verse 5 - Trae] If you lookin for the south, you can tell e'm I'm home on the block you can tell e'm I ain't leavin till it's gone thinkin'I ain't you can tell e'm they wrong when I pull up glass house with the roof half gone if it come to gettin paid, understand that I got e'm sittin back broke - I'm a show you that I'm not them now I'm in the hood full time tryna rock them yeah I'm from the streets, no way you finna block them mouth full of rocks, yeah money well blown - everytime I talk now, money well shown but just because I rap, don't think a fly cat - I hop in all black and still run up in ya home Trae Tha Truth I got hustle and flow I do it for the ones tryna hustle and score every hour, everyday until my body get sore one hundred percent and my hustle is showed [Verse 6 - Paul Wall] So when the streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake no time to waste I can't wait 'cause I got bread to break these boys is fake, they bumpin they gums - sayin they payin dues but they preoccupied up in the mall, buyin they gal shoes I'm motivated by the diamond chains and ice grills a Johnny Dang watch and a Cadillac on 4's with crater wheels I'm cash collectin, still trill - chasin a dollar bill my apetite is never filled, when chasin after these mills(I gotta grind] [Verse 7 - Bun B] From sun down to the sun up you know Big Bun up, tryna get his paper and his gun up can't let these haters get one up on me or try to run up gotta leave e'm gun up and get up - you wanna get down, get up I leave ya hit up and split up - so pay attention sit up and keep ya eyes on the target that's Bun Beata the King, he be goin the hardest not only is he the trillest but also he's the smartest gangsta slash rap artist [I won't let you down] [Verse 8 - Lil' Flip] Let me tell you a lil' somethin 'bout a G like me I gotta whole bunch of money and a whole bunch of weed Rap ain't dead, the trap ain't dead I'm still gettin bread in my hood with D - Red tell me a rapper you know with a crib and a bank account with 5 in it you losin fuck, I'm Scrooge Mcduck - my money piles I dive in it flippin and mackin I'm stackin my paper, you haters better fall back the south wack - Hell no, and Rest In Peace to Big Moe the cheaper my work, my beeper alert - all day and all night we ride gray, we sell white - we buy Haze and pour up Sprite [Verse 9 - Z - Ro] 24/7, three sixty five tryna get rich is on our mind Houston, Texas we ain't nothin but some go getters - and some trendsetters and we stayin on our grind remember when the world said, down south rappers couldn't rap now the down south rappers all across the map representin my city and I'm a wear it on my back it's official damn right the south is back even though we ain't never really went no where, we always been here we make good music, and we stack big money, and we act bad - all godamn year gotta give it to us cause if not we gon'take it and never give it back that's just how it's gon'go it's been every year in Houston, Texas but ain't a damn thing change you can still count on Z - Ro [Verse 10 - Scarface] Money my motive, my mission is to be holdin atleast two hundred million or mo cause if I'm closin I won't it where it's set up for the next generation of Jordan's so that next generation of Jordan's will have it easy that's why I'm out here movin this work creative legacy, avoidin Kennedy's curse, my heart beats heavenly I love you son for all that it's worth and down to die became to the worst [I won't let you down] [Verse 10 - Pimp C] You call in some cars, I be in jets Google "Pimp C" I'm all over the internet the paint over the Lac is so glass UGK for life, I need to teach a pimpin class cause I'm gettin my paper, reppin my house say what I want to, out my mouth 15 years I'm what it's about land of the south, that's no doubt Pimp a snitch, you'se a clown say my name, it's gon'go down you rent yo car, you rent yo house you kiss that girl, I been in ya mouth, Huh [I won't let you down] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Bun B Album: The Sound of Revenge Song: No Snitchin Typed by: tyger0726@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Bun B] This is for my gangstas, real niggaz, ballas, trill niggaz Northside, Southside, chunk ya deuce up This is for my gangstas, real niggaz, ballas, trill niggaz Eastside, Westside, chunk ya deuce up [Verse 1] Plenty niggaz get they head turned red for the bread Start off with the information, load it up in ya head Couldn't hold it, so it turned out its sumthin' he said What he tell the FEDS (need someone to call) Your decision was to snitchin' and they was there to listen When he told what he know, said they barely was trippin' Less time, now the niggaz in a better position Unless you count the fact that the streets know he was snitchin' He was lookin at a 30 but he only did 10 how them years turn to months, can he tell you dat, and He ain't really gotta answer, just the sweat in his hands Will he make it out to make it, hmmm well it depends Everybody know the info you was tellin ya friends Plus the streets know the deals that you made with the pen Russian Roulette, yep nigga bet the barrel will spin You hear that, yea nigga thats the sound of revenge [Hook: Chamillionaire] Walk down the right road, cause the streets is so cold You betta take ya life slow or you'll miss it Listen to the G-Code If you know what I know Then you'll keep yo mouth closed (keep ur mouth closed nigga) We don't tolerate snitches [Verse 2] If you gon live that crime life, I hope you hold dat 9 tight You live life like a pussy then thats prolly what you'll die like I neva eva loved a sucka, them ain't really my type Rats, snakes, yea mayne the game is full of wildlife Don't wanna do no time right? You wanna live that high life Like go withdrawl, have a hundred thousand in ya eye sight Enter ya crib, see the clouds peepin' through ya skylight You be a copycat, (cat) cause mine right Thats what he told me but I didn't listen Doin crime for a dime wasnt my intention You insane, think his name sumthin' I will mention Only snitches (need someone to tell) Alotta niggaz in the game, hustlin' doin they thing Usin codes on the phone with unusual slang If you know what he know then you won't say a thing You wouldn't need someone to tell Careful bout the life you lead, ain't smart with ya life you plead, the streets will ignite ya T like you ain't got the right to breathe (Cough) To choke on the realness reality is what the fake don't know how to deal with Words leak from the teeth, but he'll say seal it Then go get a undercover brother he can chill with Find a nigga that be hustlin to make a deal with But the streets will hold court for him and'll deal with it [Hook] [Verse 3] This for the G's, street jugglin, movin the fire When you talkin' what you talkin' it ain't through the wire Police pull you over, now they callin' you a liar You got amnesia, don't even know the dude beside ya You don't know, you ain't sayin, you ain't heard what he said Told you a closed mouth ain't gon neva get fed A open mouth'll get you county instead of the FEDS Some scared niggaz speak up so they'll be less in the red Niggaz can't deal with no 9 to 5 so they day-to-day budgeters Its the hustlers that get put away by the customers You upstate, niggaz use to be southerners Here the streets make the laws and don't answer the governors We the niggaz thats too real to snitch on a snitch But make a snitch turn to poof with a flick of the wrist That ain't gon get in arguements, just go get you a clip And they gon think about the consequences, let 'em repent [Hook] [Talking] Man hold up, you a real nigga and you ain't got nuthin to say when they come question you, just keep it 100 and go ahead and chunk ya deuce up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Bun B Album: The Sound of Revenge Song: Picture Perfect Typed by: Lil Hustle [Intro] My life is real baby, you peeping me take a picture You peeping me take a picture, (you should take a photograph) - 2x (*Bun B*) Catch me today, with a cannon or a Kodak Cause by tomorrow, yesterday gon be a throwback (You see it's real, they be like look at that Picture perfect nigga, you should take a photograph) [Chamillionaire] Introducing the truest voice of the South, it's who else but me fool Don't let all that foolishness they feed you, on T.V. mislead you Don't let all the magazines, and them papers out there deceive you The cups that be used to sip, but Caucasian kinda like my tee do You see that hand be glistening, you see the Sedans we flipping The hundreds of grands we getting, these units of scans we shipping You see that Caddy tipping, them thangs on that Caddy twisting That paint and that candy dripping, that drank and that can is missing That ain't a Cola, though dry and you feeling sober Boys trying to switch it over, apply it up in a soda Home of the Houston hustlers, who grinding and hit the quota Who fire and hit the doja, you high when you sniff the odor Told ya you gotta have, a foreign or buy your slab Afford it then buy it that's, important without it now You ain't gotta take college class, to see that we bout our cash You not if you gotta ask, let's take a pic by the slab hol' up [Hook] You see my slab, you see my candy slab Picture perfect nigga, you should take a photograph You see my chick, you see my chick is bad Picture perfect nigga, you should take a photograph You see it's real, they be like look at that Picture perfect nigga, you should take a photograph Photograph, ph-ph-ph-photograph-photograph Picture perfect nigga, you should take a photograph [Chamillionaire] When I'm tipping they'll probably watch me, the cops'll be paparazzi And try to patrol my posse, we shining and glowing glossy The jealous will try to top me, we keep it too real to copy What I'm listening to ain't a floppy, that disc gon be Screwed and Chop-pied All the ballers will ride to this, deposit deposit slips Buy the car and apply the fifth, raise the trunk an entire lift Use to go to that Kappa, but Kappa ain't been as crunk So I'm popping up at Daytona, on chrome and I'm popping trunk Jamming that "Ridin' Dirty", while riding beside the laws And they staring over at me, trying to scare me like I'ma pause Tell 'em naw they know I'ma crawl, all day in the robber cause I'm trying to go wash the ride, till them tires have whiter walls You peeping him take a picture, that chrome and that paint official You smoking then take a swisha, there's plenty just take 'em wit ya You chilling you ain't a sipper, then I'ma be hanging wit ya Take a hold of the grain and grip a, handful and smile for the pictures nigga [Hook] [Bun B] You see the bling up on my bracelet, and the shine on my chest Syrup in my styrofoam, it's sweet with doja no cess You done put it down with the rest, time to roll with the best Cause when you ride with the original, you ain't gotta guess I'm the connection that you need, when they say it's a drought Cause it's not really a drought, them other niggaz just out And I'm the plug you gotta have, when they say the river's dry Cause it's not really dry, they just ran out of supply I'm too fly for the clouds, too down for the green grass Better wear tinted lenses, if you look at my clean ass Catch me today, with a cannon or a Kodak Cause by tomorrow, yesterday gon be a throwback Candy still dripping, 4's is still tipping Wood grain grass, steering wheel I'm still gripping Repping for P.A.T., the West and the East And I'm repping for Pimp C, till he get back on the streets it never cease [Hook] [Chamillionaire] My life is real baby, ain't just a song (ain't just a song) Gripping that wood wheel baby, and riding chrome (I'm riding chrome) This is for the real playas, that get that do' (that get that do') Tell me how it feel baby, to see I'm-I'm riding candy and chrome (*Bun B*) Catch me today, with a cannon or a Kodak Cause by tomorrow, yesterday gon be a throwback - 2x (*talking*) Know I'm saying, gripping wood Riding through the hood, and feeling good Just like we say down in Texas, it's already You staring at me so hard You need to go on, do yourself a favor playa And take a motherfucking picture The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Bun B Album: Ultimate Victory Song: Pimp Mode Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * album is censored - edited words are in {brackets} [Intro: Chamillionaire] Yeah (let her go.. let her go, let her go, let her go) Chamillitary mayne (yeahhhhh pimp mode) You know I stay in (pimp mode) You know I stay in (pimp mode, yeahhhhh, let her go) Sho' wanna leave (let her go) You gotta let her breathe baby (let her go) But if you wanna stay (yeahhhhh pimp mode) Make sure you wipe your feet on the flo'  before you step through the do' (pimp mode) {Chamillitary mayne} Let's go [Chorus: Chamillionaire] Let me hop right into pimp mode Got the top down on a fresh set of Vogues And I push it real slow, slow I pimp the Caddy real slow (real slow) real slow Let me hop right into pimp mode Put the game on 'em, you know how the rest go Know how the rest go, go You know I be in pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode (pimp mode) pimp mode [Chamillionaire] Picture me listenin while she beggin (beggin) that ain't even my style (style) That's a penalty or a foul (foul) hit the sidelines and sit down (down) I ain't even trippin 'bout how many of my numbers that she gon' dial (dial) You'll get ejected from the game now (now) Watch me out and then hit ya like pow (pow) You know my stacks gon' stay stackin, knowin they hate so I'ma stay packin Knowin Chamillionaire got what they lackin, havin them ladies showin they backhand Continental Lincoln just stretchin (stretchin) stashes hidin my weapon (weapon) Baby flashin her flesh and (flesh and) hopin in turn that I'm sexin Yes I'm stayin +Fresh+ just like Mannie, 'bout to go hit my spot in Miami Now that I won I'm puttin my Grammy on the grille and hood of my candy She talkin 'bout "Can we?" Can we what? "Please take another vacation" I'm like - take another vacation? You gon' have to sit and stay patient I control her and remote her (pause) she doin just what I told her Got her phonebook in my phone, ya yellin somewhere up in my folder I stay choosin 'em like a boulder (boulder) I told her I'll promote her Pinkie shinin like it's solar, game colder than the polar, hold up [Bun B] Well it's a sunny day in the city with syrup and Sunny D Flippin through sunny side tryin to get me some money G (yup) Down South on the south side where car seats is sofa soft If you trill we can conversate, if you ain't, I blow you off Bun Beada king of the trill, the one and the only mayne My wood linin is suede, my seats is potent mayne My Air Forces is crocodile, candy and dodo mayne So when I step out I'm steppin out fly, that's for sho' doe mayne My Cadillac car is the machine, 26's sittin clean Cup, full of promethazine for the lean Knahmean? (Knahmean?) Sittin taller than Yao Ming Cut the corner them haters fall back and start bawling Lookin regal in the Regal, presidential in the Lincoln A baller in the Beamer man what the {fuck} was you thinkin Me and Koopa wouldn't shine? C'mon, we got you boys squintin Playa Texas is a +Grind House+, ask Robert or Quintin We be pimpin [Chamillionaire] + (female) (Pimp mode) Mmm, you in the presence of a playa In the presence of a playa (so you a playa, huh?) Mmm, I ain't gon' be the one to save ya I ain't gon' be the one to save ya (you ain't gonna save me) Mmm, you in the presence of a playa In the presence of a playa Mmm, I ain't gon' be the one to save ya I ain't gon' be the one to save ya [Outro: female] + (Chamillionaire) What you mean you ain't gon' save me? I don't need nobody to save me (oh yeah?) And you talkin about pimp, P.I.M.P.? (In the flesh) You know what that mean to me? (What?) Paper In My Pocket (hahaha) Now pull out your credit card Let's see if you can make my bank account pregnant (man you crazy) What color is your card? Oh is it black? (American Express) Cause if it ain't, you need to step your game up Rookie~! (Man who you callin a rookie? Get up out my car!) Uh, I was just playin baby, you know I love you (Yeah aight, I hope you love to walk, get out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire (King Koopa) f/ Bun B, Lil' Flip Album: The Mixtape Messiah Song: Platinum Stars Typed by: LilC942@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Lil' Flip] -Uh, Lil' Flip I'm hoppin' out in a fendi suit I got DVD's in my bentley coupe I got hoes that's 22 they buy me clothes and tennis shoes I'm so throwed when it come to hoes before I get they phone number they come outta they clothes I might take 'em to Papa Deaux's but only if she a proper hoe I gotta lac (what kind), a cadillac escalade I'm wearin' jordans (which ones), very first ones made I gotta watch (what kind), iced out cartier I gotta rolley but that's somethin' that I hardly wear I'm Lil' Flip, the coldest freestyle ever Since day one I was programmed to get this cheddar Who you drive? Platinum cars Who you pull? Platinum stars Who you write? Platinum bars Platinum teeth, inside yo jaws Diamond gon' rock my platinum wrist Platinum toilet to take a ish Gold is gold, and platinum is happenin' so whodi watch this [Chamillionaire] -Yeah, ay, it's Koopa Gotta green back, stack in my palm I come in Yukon black with alarm Ice on the arm and a platinum charm And you prolly had a thought about jackin' it nah Of course you didn't nigga the force is hittin' behind the throwback I show that the boys is trippin' ? sky hit a force and lift him Top on the drop yeah of course it's missin' Don't want her man to know that I'ma hit when I'm finished I'ma hand the hoe Back to her man before, he even have to know A weddin' ring ain't somethin' I'ma hand the hoe Do money grow on trees? nigga the answers no I treat g's like seeds get a grand to grow Car lookin' like a zoo in a candy store Alligator on the floor with a candy door Can't stand me no, cuz I'm havin' dough I keep a tune on me just like a mechanic flow You ain't gettin' paper what you up in the game fa'? Gettin' paper now couldn't be a complainer Trunk lift up at a acute angle Isoceles triangle pokin' outta my swangers Chain cost me 10 g's Independent no label could pimp me So it really ain't a thing you could get free Unless you tryna get them chains off of Pimp C We, jammin UGK you see the jewlrey ay! Cover ya eyes it'll blind like a U.T. Ray Stay throwed in the game, holdin' the grain (yeah) Ice and the white gold in my chain Raisin' the trunk and showin' my bang Hoes on the swangs while the doors color change Nah I won't let the change go to my brain Respect better be somethin' you hope in the game You gon' mess around and get choked with ya chain Flip, Bun and Chamillion in control in the game [Bun B] -U (Under), G (Ground), K (Kings) Bitch I'm the King of the underground and the pope of Port Arthur Keep that fire heat on ya street and a meat in your daughter Got no love for a hater, got no hate for a lover Just distrubute my pollution, keepin' weight undercover My brother, now we back up on the block again I got them rocks again, and the blocks again until' the cops come in but see the better bring the SWAT my friend Because I promise that we not runnin' Nigga we gon' be here all day posted in this hallway Keep them cluckers comin' in cuz we serve 'em all yay Them nickles and dimes and quarters That pop of the rock you a boughta But ? we oughta, nigga we turnin' ya projects into the Carter Got automatic starters, for they automatics choppers And the Texas boy a automatic to break you off somethin' proper I knock off a bopper, break down a bird and bust me a flow I'm down with the Pimp and the Prince from now forever you don't like it you must be a hoe so The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire f/ Pimp C Album: Ultimate Victory Song: Welcome to the South Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * album is censored - edited words are in {brackets} [Chorus: Chamillionaire] (Welcome to the South) Try to criticize us for how we live And go do the same thangs that we just did, mmm Better watch your mouth, try to criticize us for how we spit Then say you respect the money that we get, mmm (Welcome to the South) Must you criticize everything we did Then expect at us to never even trip, mmm We more than grilles and candy paint so be careful what you say Cause we must just throw it right back in your face, hey Better watch your mouth [Chamillionaire] Uhh, across the globe I hear the hate The same whispers from state to state If you didn't say it then this ain't for you Don't worry 'bout it cause you can't relate Before you buy me and you criticize me  while you beside me let's get it straight Cause you remind me of the kid beside me Same rapper that you say you hate Wanna criticize then fine (fine) Said it's I've got simple rhymes (rhymes) Every time I travel I'm  in the backyard that act just like mine Same grind just different times (times) I know things done changed a lil' Used to show our grills and they be like "Eww!" Nowadays all say "That's ill" I remember when a major label wouldn't even come pay a visit Used to say they have love for us but they was blowin them suspect kisses Now you watch and we see you plot  and you can't act like we ain't suspicious Shootin slugs just shoot at us  but when you bust your thang it misses Uhh, I ain't even much trippin  cause I'm the man where I'm residin So I'm decidin where I'm residin so never tolerate domestic violence I know you'd rather me just relax  and sit back in silence But I'm the owner, not just a client so the South is what I stay advertisin [Chamillionaire] Don't knock the swagger, don't knock the swagger  then turn around and be a swagger-jacker If you a man then you should be a man don't walk around without a Adam's apple We was lookin at it from a distance  but we wasn't trippin cause it had to happen Styrofoam cup, and a Snapple  and you actin like you been a fan of rappin If you was hatin or participatin  when you saw us up and never slidin through You and everybody else that did it It applied to them and it applied to you You actin like somebody made you say it Took your hand and then applied the glue Turn around and gave the mic to you and now you end up lookin like a fool Can't polly us, come follow us  and that's the reason I'm in the lead The rest of y'all are some bench warmers  and gettin mad cause I'm in the lead I'm switchin speeds don't get fatigued Y'all behind the line, y'all chasin me Y'all finna see my energy so ya get off my back and let a playa breathe I won't lie and act like  that I'm the one supportin everythang Like Southern rappers ain't never lame like some of these boys don't eff up the game Most of us do our thang  and the rest of 'em leave my ears in pain But that's him and he sure ain't me  so don't look at us like we all the same [Pimp C] Uhh, South side candy rider never been a socializer Flyin high, work grinder, knock your gal you can't find her She was sittin on butter, hun'ned thousand under her ass I was workin the wood circle smokin candy mashin on the gas I can't be you I can't do you, I just do me, if you ain't been where I been then you cain't, be who I be if you ain't seen what I seen and you cain't, see what I see I put the bricks, in the road there was slab on it wasn't free Been a legend in the South since the year 9-3 "Pocket Full of Stones," menace to society The hard in the cars, chrome-y fo's, not D's Now everybody pimpin and they all got keys Please you work, for UPS They say they smokin dro but all I keep smellin is cress I roll with the best, '92 me and Screw in the Lexus I might not be nothin to you but I'm the {shit} in that Texas (Welcome to the South...) {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chamillionaire featuring the following various artists --  Big Mike, Big Pokey, Boss, Bun B, Chingo Bling, Corey Mo, E.S.G., Famous,  Grit Boys, GT, Jayton, K-Ci, Kiotti, Lil' Flip, Lil' Keke, Lil' O, Magno,  Mike Jones, Paul Wall, Pimp C, PKT, Raw LT, Rob G, Scarface, Slim Thug,  Trae, Troublesum, Willie D, Yung Redd and Z-Ro Album: Chamillionaire.com New Years Special Song: Won't Let You Down (Extended Texas Remix) Typed by: the.day.hell.broke.loose@gmail.com [Intro - Chamillionaire + (Woman)] Chamillionaire dot com YouTube dot com slash ChamillionaireTV Log on right now and look at me Happy New Year's, it's two thousand and eight Let's get this cake Hahahaha...It's a movement! (Chamillitary mayn!) Woo! [Chorus - K-Ci] I'm up early in the mornin, thinkin bout gettin this money Lord knows, I gotta get that paper The hustlers told me that I gotta go and get it Now I'm gettin it the best way I know how I won't let you down, won't let you down [REPEAT 4X] I won't let you down [Verse One - Chamillionaire + {Over Chorus} + (Ad-Libs)] {THAT'S RIGHT! I GOTS TO GET IT BABY! GET IT! NAWFSIDE, SOUFSIDE, H-TOWN, STAY DOWN! HA! I GOT THE ENTIRE STREETS OF TEXAS WITH ME, AND WE READY TO RIDE! STILL STANDIN STRONG! YEAH! LET'S GET IT!} From the underground to majors, I'm a pro at gettin paper So you know a Texas playa gotta shine (we gotta shine baby!) We ain't worried about you fakers; we for sure gon keep it gangsta Ridin four's and shakin haters all the time (that's all the time!) R.I.P. to Big Moe, HAWK, Pat and DJ Screw You know that we gon keep it trill and hold it down (you know we gon continue to hold it down baby!) Cause the hustle's never slowin, we gon grind and keep it goin (gotta keep it goin for all the fallen soldiers!) And you know we'll always keep you on our mind we won't let you down (R.I.P. PIMP!) [Verse Two - Bun B] Sun down til the sun up, you know big Bun up Tryna get his paper and his gun up, can't let these haters get one up On me, or try to run up, gotta leave 'em done up and did up You wanna get down, get up, I'll leave you hit up and split up So pay attention, sit up, and keep your eyes on the target That's Bun Beater the king, he be goin the hardest Not only is he the trillest, but he's also the smartest Gangsta slash rap artist and he won't let you down [Verse Three - Lil' Flip + {Over Previous Verse}] {AY!} Let me tell you a lil somethin bout a G like me I gotta a whole bunch of money and a whole bunch of weed Rap ain't dead, the trap ain't dead We still gettin bread in my hood with D-Red Tell me what rapper, you know with a grip in the bank account with five in it You losin fuck, I'm Scrooge McDuck, my money piles, I dive in it Pimpin and mackin, I'm stackin my paper, you haters better fall back Is the south whack? hell no, and rest in peace to Big Moe The cheaper my work, my beeper alert, all day and all night We ride gray, we sell white, we buy haze and pour up Sprite [Verse Four - Rob G + {Over Previous Verse}] {UH! YEAH!} From writin these lyrics, flippin these pages Hopin you hear it, sit in amazement One of the realest, one of the greatest, ever to drop, rockin the stages I dedicate this, to all the people who hated Thought for a second that I wouldn't make it You were mistaken, you gotta face it Rep That Block, 'H' in ya faces This for my town, promise that Rob will not let you down Times is ugly, you love me then trust me, I must be the one who will bring back the crown Just look around, a man from a swat who Kept it real when the game said not to Bring back rap, I think I'm bout to, don't worry you know I got you [Verse Five - Famous + {Over Previous Verse} + (Ad-Libs)] {I'M FAMOUS!} It's L-I-L Ken, re-reppin 210 That's San Anton,"huh?", well act like you knew then They askin "who? when?", nigga stop playin I stick my dick in your mouth, and fuck what you sayin And check my resume and see that I'm all the way live That's right; I need the whole Pacific to swallow my pride I put my city on my back, then put it on the (map) It's Mr. Deuce Dime, I won't let you down [Verse Six - Jayton] Slow loud and bangin, we back in the loop Fresh out the pen, now I'm back in the booth Only thing I let down is the top on the coupe Boys hatin on the H, but we still gettin loot You do it for the fame; I do it for the block For the ones in the grave, and the ones on lock We next up lookin for the number one spot Tell them other rap cats they can keep the hip-hop Money don't stop, I'ma get it all day New paint on the whip, insides all gray Other boys left, but the south gon stay Ain't no way you gon forget about Jay- Ton, same ol' Hoover gangsta Got up in the game, to expose the wankstas A.B.N. gang keep a loaded chamber Tell the whole world that they ass in danger [Verse Seven - Slim Thug + {Over Previous Verse}] {HA!} I'm on my block around the clock tryna get it If it get you paid, I did it, got caught, got acquitted Got out, and got back up on my grind again Cause you gotta play the game if you tryna win And hustle money ain't for sure, so I ain't tryin to spend Cause the minute you come up, you're back down again I promise I won't let you down momma When it's the first of the month, I'll be around momma [Verse Eight - Lil' O + {Over Previous Verse}] {YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! HEY!} Everybody know that I spit the flow That make a playa wanna fire up and hit the dro Or pour up real big and shake before And knock off a Lamborghini, and lift the doors Right now they yellin out "game is sold!" Killin that remix, getcha dough Do it for the Fat Pat, Screw and Moe B.G., Gator, HAWK and the Mafio And everybody know I don't play no games I am off the chain, I got awesome chains I got awesome things, to get me awesome brain When I pull up at the club, I be flossin mayn Fat Rat With The Cheese, from the S.U.C. I don't gotta brag, I'ma triple O.G. All the H-Town proud of little ol' me Give the Lil' O a rest, I could flip the whole key, WHOA! [Verse Nine - Yung Redd] This rainy day, manage the workout plan I'm countin so many hundreds; I need another pair of hands Black Colleywood, where the fiends the only fans Sell it out, Riesco, supply and demand My elevator goin up, how could I ever let 'em down? 550 takin off, swear it just left the ground What's the value of a dollar, if you couldn't pay your bills? All we know is power, now tell me what life is, YUNG REDD! [Chorus - K-Ci] I'm up early in the mornin, thinkin bout gettin this money Lord knows, I gotta get that paper The hustlers told me that I gotta go and get it Now I'm gettin it the best way I know how I won't let you down, won't let you down [REPEAT 4X] I won't let you down [Verse Ten - Big Pokey + {Over Chorus}] {DO IT FOR THE CITY! I'LL NEVER LET YOU NIGGAZ DOWN MAYN! AY!} Po, Yo, real get gutty Block 4-oh, 3 wheelin, niggas gunnin Put your cleats on cause it's fin ta get muddy It is what it is and we comin for the money Y'all know me I'ma nigga that'll be in your home, just like a nigga got a door key Do it like Simpson, 'fore I let a nigga hold me Shake a nigga pockets, 'fore I let a nigga owe me One for the money, two for the hoe Three for the 4's with the rubber band vogues S.U.C., M.O.B., Hurricane Sensei fin ta knock down doors City on my back like brand new clothes Album on the way, underground in stores I don't let niggas down, I shut niggas down Crowd booed me, I'm next to blow [Verse Eleven - Lil' Keke + {Over Previous Verse}] {AY!} Pound for pound, ups and downs, but I'm still real Chasin paper, money runnin like a treadmill I'm just a G, in the street game, we raise numbers I never let you down, I never disappoint ya I'm up extra early, posted like a war soldier My hustle hard, like I cut it with some baking soda Heart of a gangsta, to the grind mayn, I'm so committed Lord knows if I see the paper, I'ma get it [Verse Twelve – E.S.G. + {Over Previous Verse}] {H-TOWN!} When Cham sent me the track, he had Pimp C on the song 'Fore ESG could spit on this remix, we seen Pimp C was gone 'Nother king taken off the throne, told Bun B he's not alone Might not be here in the flesh and bone New address, yeah heaven is home Make sure we carry that legacy on Like M-O-E, in every song Put they name in the trunk, then we gon pop and swang in the 'llac or the Chevy on chrome Like Vince Young, I run through songs Slow it down like Screw did homes ESG a million sold independent, I ain't talkin ringtones [Verse Thirteen - Troublesum] Here come the Trouble, so move Can't knock my hustle, gon lose Got twice the muscle, paid dues Twice a grind to prove I make moves like my name was Tom Cruise Mission Impossible, impossible to fool Down south baby, I'll show you what it do I never let you down H-Town, I'm comin through In the cherry lollipop drop, Gucci flip-flop Posted up on the block, and my hustle you can't knock, NIGGA! [Verse Fourteen - Z-Ro] 24/7, 365, tryna get rich is on our mind Houston, Texas, we ain't nothin but some go getters and some trendsetters, and we stayin on our grind Remember when the world said down south rappers couldn't rap Now the down south rappers all across the map Represent my city, and I'ma wear it on my back It's official, goddamn right, the south is back Even though we ain't never really went nowhere, we always been here We make good music, and we stack big money and we act bad, all goddamn year Gotta give it to us, cause if not we gon take it and never give it back, that's just how it's gon go It's been in there for years: Houston, Texas but ain't a damn thing change, you can still count on Z-Ro, HA! [Verse Fifteen - Trae] If you're lookin for the south, you can tell 'em I'm home On the block, you can tell 'em I ain't leavin til it's gone Thinkin I ain't, you can tell 'em they wrong When I pull up, blast house with the roof half gone If it come to gettin paid, understand that I got 'em Sit back, broke, I'ma show 'em that I'm not Now in the hood, four times, tryna rock Yea, I'm from the streets, no way you finna block them Mouth full of rocks, yea, money well blown Every time I talk now, money will show But just because I rap, don't think I'm flak I hop in all black, and still run up in your home Trae the Truth, I got hustle and flow I do it for the boys tryna hustle and score Every hour, every day, til my body gets sore One hundred percent that my hustle is swole [Verse Sixteen - PKT + {Over Previous Verse} + (Ad-Libs)] {AY!} I'm so destined to be the greatest true, symbol of what my state is of Little bit of Chad Butler (PIMP!), mixed with a little bit of Robert Davis (SCREW!) P-K-T rep for the H til the day that they lay me off in my coffin I'ma continue the legacies of Big Mello and both of the Hawkins I do it for love, you do it for dough You do it for fame, I do it for Moe Do it for the hood, Acres Homes 44 Family over everything, get it do it for the Foe (F-O-E!) To hell with not lettin you down, I'm tellin ya now, I ain't lettin you go For better or worse, until death do us part, I'ma rep for the H in the cold [Verse Seventeen - Willie D + (Chamillionaire)] From day one I repped my city, New York, got booed out there Best part was one year later, my group sold out Madison Square It's hard but it's fair, you ride for me I ride for you, regardless fool No matter what it is, with Willie D on your team it's gon be kinda hard to lose Had a rapper come down, I hit him with a big, cause he was talkin trash His bodyguard jumped off stage, (what did you do?) got dead in his ass (ha!) Go tell that to all those skanks, that think we're all about candy paint High cappin, catch around, H-Town, I won't let you down [Verse Eighteen - Grit Boys] {AY! AY!} Okay I'm G-boy fresh, way flyer than the next guy Southside rider, if you with me throw your sets high From Sunnyside to the Park, back to the Southwest side But if you got a problem with it you can G-F-Y (GO FUCK YOURSELF!) We the best and the rest is B-F-I Been down with Paul & Cham since the Get Ya Mind Correct times We all grinders, and this is go get it music G-R-I-T Boys, we'll never let you down Houston [Verse Nineteen - Corey Mo + {Over Previous Verse}] {YEAH! UH!} Me and my hustle bag, on the block, on the clock 24/7, you better shit or get up off the pot Mayn I'm from Hustle City, gots to keep my hustle with me At all times, I got my mind on my grind pimpin I never let ya down, let ya fall or let ya drown Cause I'ma go for mines, rain or shine, every time Corey Mo gon get his, so I hope you get yours You gots to eat to live partner, we ain't got no choice [Verse Twenty - Mike Jones + (Ad-Libs)] H-Town, got it on my back Chrome 84's on the Cadillac I stack stacks and stack plaques (stack plaques, stack plaques) Ice Age, we run the town Ice Age, we shuttin 'em down As long as I make it multiply (multiply, multiply) My new album is on the way When you say my name, you say I'm paid H-Town, we here to stay (here to stay, here to stay) (MIKE JONES!) A millionaire, can you match that? Two time plaque, can you add to that? Eleven cars, can you handle that? (handle that, handle that) [Verse Twenty-One - GT + {Over Previous Verse}] {UH! AWWWW! OKAY! GT MAYN!} I got stock in my block, I'ma jock that rock and I ain't talkin MTV My mp3's won't let you down, got it locked down like Timby Three's 7-1-3, 2-8-1, 8-3-2, that's what I claim See my aim's, to shut down every MC that's caught up in this game Mean as a rock, GT don't play, I scratch and mix and rap all day H-TX comin soon, super tight, UGK Classic material, gotta milk this game like cereal I'm smooth like butter, but not Parkay, my reign is so imperial [Chorus - K-Ci] I'm up early in the mornin, thinkin bout gettin this money Lord knows, I gotta get that paper The hustlers told me that I gotta go and get it, get it Now I'm gettin it the best way I know how I won't let you down, won't let you down [REPEAT 4X] I won't let you down [Verse Twenty-Two - Chingo Bling + {Over Chorus}] {CHINGO BLING! COME ON! CHINGO BLING! ARRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOO!!) I own my mansions, fuck a belly, sun shinin on my pinky When it come to independent, who you think invented? I'm a money makin problem, don't believe me, ask Asylum Down to the border or Harlem, bitch, you can ask about him (AY!) I drop the top in that Lex again (YEAH!) It wouldn't be H-Town without Mexicans (UH-UH!) And it ain't been the same since they put 'em in the ground (ain't been the same!) To Screw, Moe, HAWK and Pat: we won't let you down [Verse Twenty-Three - Magno + {Over Previous Verse}] {MAGNO YA HEARD?!} Got an old school, tan wood, my grind's harder than a canned good My fan base expands hoods, so don't question their fan hood I smelled the money, knew the odor I'ma rep H-Town I'm the newest soldier Kid with the arch ooo he polar, hustle harder than Louie Scoller Reppin the block, cause the block where I hang CD get copped, cause it's hot and it bang From the beat to the rock, kid, rocks his thang Won't let you down like a top in the rain Got fans that's Crip that'll bang that metal Fans so Bloody that they claim vessel Fans like dyin they change for the better can't let you down, never, ever [Verse Twenty-Four - Kiotti + {Over Previous Verse} + (K-Ci)] {OH! YOU SEE...} I won't let down my city, I can't let down my fans Got my Money Morris on, from a boy to a man Mayn, hard body 'iotti, do you know what I do Wreck mics go hard, man I pity the fool, my city the fool A whole lotta gorillas here like RAWR!, my cities a zoo Southeast Beach, welcome to my town Where the slab's like a crab when it's movin around Lotta rappers used to be the movement, I'm movin' up and they movin down Black girl in my lap, girl, in that 'llac girl, when I move around I lied, made a promise to my town, (I won't let you down) [Verse Twenty-Five - Raw LT + (Ad-Libs)] Let you down, never that The top on the drop now that's a bet Raw LT, raw like that Countin my stacks in the back of the 'llac The queen of my city, yes I is It go both ways when I rock my hips Collect more figgas, roll with gorillas Can't let the track Breathe cause my name not Jigga Roll with my fam, B-B-H, category six, gon evacuate I rep for my hood, dubs all in ya face And I would appreciate if you'd give me my space (yeah!) Cause y'all ain't talkin bout nothin (naw!) Y'all lame chicks steady bumpin (what?) Raw LT, I hold the crown ain't no takin it from me [Verse Twenty-Six - Grit Boys + {Over Previous Verse} + (Ad-Libs)] {GHEA!} G-Boy general, salute me in ya presence (ghea!) Ghetto gospel, gon call me the reverend (ghea!) Words hit you in your head like Excedrin Tone down your voice, you're talkin to a veteran This for HAWK, we gon grind til the last lick That bastard, flow classic Game sick, and famous like Magic Pocket full of bread, actin like I never had shit [Verse Twenty-Seven - Paul Wall] The streets is talkin and they tellin me to go get that cake No time to waste, I can't wait, cause I got bread to break These boys is fake, they bumpin they gums, sayin they payin dues But they preoccupied up in the mall, buyin they gal shoes I'm motivated by the diamond chains and ice grills The Johnny Dang watch in the Cadillac on vogue with cradle wheels I'm cash collectin, still trill, chasin the dollar bill My appetite is never filled, for chasin after these meals, I GOTTA GET IT! [Verse Twenty-Eight - Boss] Lil' Boss, tryna get a plaque to the house A.B.N. representin, I'm all about the cross Every time I touch a microphone it's all about the south I be wreckin the feature, that's why I'm always takin off I be up in the mornin for the first worm I make 'em get it straight like ya first perm I'm a G in the streets, you better first learn I'm paid, still spendin what I first earned When it come to doin this, I'm doing it for the trap In the bottom of the gutter, I'm reppin it for the map Feed me the clip, I'm protected by the strap It's real over here, give a damn about a rap I won't let my state down and that's for sure T-E-X-A-S we in the do' Raw nigga hizzout, it's about to show If it ain't gangsta, then it's got to go [Verse Twenty-Nine - Grit Boys] I keep a glock in the glove box, where the title's at I don't sleep, I don't eat G, if I don't mash Writin raps, rockin shows, that's a minor task The hardest part is acceptance, today could be my last Grid Iron, Grit Boys, HAWK was my mentor Focus on the future, sights sharper than a pitchfork Down with Cham since the Color Changin Click days Ghetto Reality, take a seat and witness history [Verse Thirty – Yung Ro + (Chamillionaire)] Yeah, I worked the nine-to-five, punchin the clock Check-to-check, wearin a uniform, that didn't work out So I left that alone, but then my stomach started rumblin Ate oatmeal for days, what you know about it?, nothin! Then that call came from Koop to come back to the streets (come back to the streets!) Signed the deal, bought a house and a slab in the same week (hold up!) Now I'm Swervin like Boosie when I'm ridin the streets Smokin dro, climbin the ladder like ESG (keep goin mayn!) Nice flows and shows, oh for sure, we grind On that row, stackin this dough and autograph signin And I gotta remind 'em, the name that's runnin the game (Tell 'em the name they say is runnin' the game...Chamillitary mayn!) [Verse Thirty-One - Chamillionaire] Our time has come, and your time has passed Get out the way while I grind for cash Money in the bank, and the rest be stashed When it's all done, I will not be last Y'all know me, y'all gon' see Ben Franklin is my homie E-Y-E's is all on me So Lay It Down, like 'Ball & G Naw, I can't be commercial, show 'em how to bring it to the streets for all my dogs Ridin dirty, flyin birdie, pop the trunk when I pass the laws "Houston do we have a problem?", obviously the answer's "naw" Ball hoggers won't pass the ball, I'ma steal that rock, then pass to y'all [Verse Thirty-Two - Big Mike + {Over Previous Verse} + (K-Ci) + [Chamillionaire]] {YEAH!} The OG's back from the system, picture me lettin you down Can't see that day ever happenin, not at all, no way and no how I'm from the gutter, you from the gutter, we still gon make it Still gon represent what the streets taught us, it's hard to shake it Where we go, we take it, we chosen for holdin it down Respect the hustle, we gettin it, yeah they knowin us now Big Mike I'm one hunnid, for real, ain't no hoe type can see me A born Gert Town hound, who (won't let you down) [KEEP GOIN!] Spit for my ghetto children, I'd die just to be their voice No one else there to chant for them and I'd die just to be their choice My focal point be this vocal joint that I lay as guidelines My savior be my example, shinin after I die [Verse Thirty-Three - Scarface + {Over Previous Verse} + (Chamillionaire)] {YEAH!} Money my motive, my mission is to be holdin At least two hundred million and more, cause if I'm closin I want it to where it's set up, for the next generation of Jordan's So that next generation of Jordan's, can have it easy That's why I'm out here movin this work Create a legacy, avoidin Kennedy's curse My heart beats heavenly, I love you son for all that it's worth And down to die if it came to the worst (talk to the streets 'Face!) This for my niggas in struggle, just know I love you Regardless to the pressure, I'm knowin you got to hustle Cause nothin came to us easy, they planted us in tombstones They quick to bury us niggas, that's how they do homes My uncle told me, tell my niggas to read Cause we in danger, got every city under a siege A total stranger, could say you've sold a couple of keys And got you locked and they won't let you leave [Verse Thirty-Four - Pimp C + {Sung}] {You call in some cars, I be in jets Google "Pimp C", I'm all over the internet That paint over the 'llac is so glass UGK for life, I need to teach a pimpin class}, UH! Cause I'm, gettin my paper, reppin my house Say what I want to out my mouth Fifteen years, I'm what it's about Atlanta the south, that's no doubt Pimp a snitch, you'se a clown Say my name, it's gon go down Rent your car, you rent your house Kiss that girl, I been in ya mouth, UH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chino XL f/ Bun B Album: RICANstruction: The Black Rosary Song: Xross Your Heart Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Bun B] Okay, mic check one-two Check one-two Burn up the booth Showin out in this bitch [Bun B] They say the meek shall inherit the Earth, well I'ma fuck meek daughter Marry her then kill meek's father Once his ass die and she inherit the shit Man I'ma cock back the heat and straight bury this bitch Bun B, carnivore, a predator Wanna war, get your metal up; I'm the victor, niggaz settle up Next up, bring me another competitor Set him up and I'ma shut him down, bet it up Straight fact, cock the eight back and wet him up Shit feels so good I just might get a nut No homo, kill his ass for free and call it promo Yo' ass I'ma do you for the low low Pull out the fo'-fo'; the bullet flies so fast But when it hits yo' ass, you gon' die so slow It'll seem like an eternity, but it was a flash And then it was over and that was yo' ass [Chorus: Bun B] We them, bad things that go bump in the night And we them, boogeymen that have you jumpin with fright So when we, come out the shadows and black your eye You better, cross your heart and hope to die Cause you can, talk the talk but tell no lie And you can, walk the walk, just walk on by Cause we are, killers by nature, that's no lie You better, cross your heart and hope to die [Chino XL] Yo, yeah, yo This is the crown jewel of my symphony of an animal I jump out the shadows and ravel when God is mad at you I promise you my imbalance is chemical You know how many prescriptions get ran through like Karrine Steffans genitals Anticipatin your death The left side of my brain ain't thinkin right, and in the right side there was nothin left Last breath struggle I think outside the box to put you inside of a box like a crossword puzzle .380 with the muzzle, be afraid like I'm Haiti trouble Never half hustle, shoot Russell in the calf muscle I'm the reason for your homies' disappearances But keep that off the record like songs with no sample clearances All that fearless shit perishes when I'm striking These niggaz is so over the hill it's like they hiking Hide your baby's mama, you don't want no drama Chino got more llamas than a Middle Eastern farmer Damage tu cara, leavin your body eviscerated Committed acts ungodly worser than you anticipated We take no prisoners nigga, we just don't want 'em We murder every soldier that they send until they stop comin [whispered] Cross your heart and hope to die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chip Tha Ripper f/ Bun B Album: Tell Ya Friends (Mixtape) Song: Boomshakalaka Typed by: AZ Lyrics Boom We livin in the last days Yeah we saw what's over 40 on me break you off proper And even got the cocka just boomshakalaka Yeah I'm a young cold mother fucker Put the hammer out and rock it like boomshakalaka My niggas hit licks like shotas load up the forty glockas Like Boomshakalaka boom And my bitch gone blast and she got that ass Like boomshakalaka nigga People say we runnin out of time And they gonna drop anotha rhyme like boomshakalaka I'm a lose my fuckin mind and I'm a Blast this tech nine like boomshakalaka bitch People say we runnin out of time And they gonna drop anotha rhyme like boomshakalaka A nigga run upon me and try to take mine I'm a pop this tech nine like boomshakalaka bitch I'm ballin forty in my hand Bet this mother fucker won't NBA Jam Up the springfield, don't' think my aim off My Louie Jacket cost more then ya chain cost I'm finna act up, not sober Now show punks just how I'm strapped up Glock on me, (fuck you up) Hot damn, son of a bitch Tell your daddy hush don't be a son of a snitch Turn tha t.v. on, they tellin' stories Turn your bitches on, she extra horny And you know what I'm on, with your fine ass She got red lipstick on the wine glass I know you niggas mad I see you tail wagging Act like you got some sense or something bad will happen She got off work and came straight to the club Your bitch tryina catch a date with some rich thug Oh you mad Trill OG Bun B all ready Trigger finger on the trigger and it's all steady No problem is too big or too small Got the third eye to see around corners and through walls No matter who calls we answer first ring Mind on the money baby that's the first thing Got your baby mama buy her purse dreams Losing her to me wouldn't be the worst thing This that mob music, strictly for made men Run up like you want it you can catch up fate then I ain't playin I'll pop you and then I'm not stayin They gone find you right there in the same spot you layin I'm not the one and I'm not the two bro I'm the cat who gone make it do what it do bro And you know so act right 'Cause I'm gonna keep the mack tight make it go boomshakalaka I'm what you call a living legend (sha-plow) This what you call a mack eleven (sha-plow) Here's two on the way down plow plow Here's four more plow plow plow plow I got a plan to take over your land If you keep it a hundred I keep it a hundred grand I'm not a star you know my name now my story You simple you represent fame I rep glory Damn now these nigga's talkin down But they don't say nothin when I'm around They don't fuck with y'all no doubt you get a pound No matter of fact fuck that you get around I don't' hang with industry niggas I hang with killers I don't fuck with these rap niggas they ain't my niggas My whole outfit from Paris Show up to your house party like Robert Harris The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Murder f/ Master P, U.G.K. Album: Life or Death Song: AKickDoe! Typed by: uphigh1@hotmail.com [Master P] Yo C-Murder Nigga you woke? Keep your eyes on the rollers nigga. Pass the weed (ok) We gon' head up interstate 10 We gon' pick up Pimp C, and Bun B (that's my niggas there) We gon' get rowdy rowdy and bout it bout it We gon' handle our business We gon' smoke We gon' make it back to the N.O. Cuz u know whut? Us South niggaz don't playa hate We got love from the South, East, West, to the Nizorth But it's your time baby We gon' handle our business And we gonna do this shit like g'z We gonna represent the gizame Ya heard me? [Pimp C] This game fucked up I ain't got no friends I done spend my last 70,000 dollars on a drop-top bienz Ugh, and I'm a real nigga Down to put a forty-five to his Hilfiger Lay it down muthafucka because I'm bustin' for mine Take that ine everytime and I ain't try to dine Niggaz dyin' podarthur (huh nigga what?) Thank that I'm playin? (huh nigga what?) Bust 17 times and let 'em feel what I'm sayin' UGK and C-Murder Cadillac and a Tank (Master P) Bout to fade the platinum Smoke some dank and some drank But bitch luv me when I come to your city Serve my dick out her pussy and bust my nuts on her titties Ugh, it's just a matter of time before I'm up in your house With my mask on my face and my thang in your mouth Now get your mind right nigga (mind right) and make a pimp rich and never put trust in a trick ass bitch (trick ass bitch) [chorus 4X] I'm bout ta pull akickdoe! (ugggggggghhhhhh!) Lay down on the flo' (flo') Want the G's and the money or everybody gotta go (gotta go) [Bun B] They try to run up in the manger (run up) Now hold oon Bun B I see me P and C in danger (danger) Just like the ATF, PD, and Texas Rangers Fuckin' with me and my middle fanga. But to this shit nigga we ain't strangers But I Gotta bust my magnums Gotta gage these pistols Hand grenades, and land mines chopper smoke bombs and missiles Some of them bitches whistle Some of them bitches silent But all them bitches handle business All of them violent Bout it bout it and dangerous soldiers that wanna gang with us Bang with us, hang with us get that No Limit slang with us I came to bust every ass in my way till it's over so get the chip off your shoulder feature this I done told yah we own 5 on your bitch in your bumpin' conflicts Nigga I can see that you got plicked Sit down and take a time trip this ain't nothin' ta sneeze at the fear in your eyes I see bitch where's the key's & g'z at? [chorus 2X] [C-Murder] Lay it down muthafucka Everybody gotta go Give me the loot is what I tell 'em When I kick in the doe' Nigga I'm mad at the world for my lack of havin' papers Fuck the law and the cops Cuz I'm down for a caper [Master P] Some say we dangerous Especially when we broke I'm mo daily than a dope fiend fiendin' for dope I just live for confetti You see I'm daily like Freddy You see I run through your house and leave it messy like messy [C-Murder] I got to much choice in my head I wanna take my own life My last chance is a 211 But it got me thankin' twicee It's a drought right now So these drugs ain't happenin' And if it wasn't for No Limit there would be no money or rapping. [Master P] You see my boy had an apartment full of keyz and g'z The word on the street is his homie told his baby momma to freeze! You see you can't trust nobody in this dope game keep your eyez on your enemies Stack some chips and get out man. [C-Murder] Give me a ski-mask, a 9 I'll be a down ass nigga And watch me pull a flee-flicker And make my cheese get bigger If I get caught it's 25, but that don't mean shit Cuz if I go to jail it's gotta be better than living like this Nigga 2 shots in the air Cuz I ain't bout bein' broke And if you bout i make a move nigga, everybody gotta go Just some bout it niggaz from New Orleans With tapes hooked up C-Murder, Master P, and UGK Now Nigga what? [chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Pimp C Album: Network'n Song: Holla at Botany Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] I hollered at Botany, Courtney came with the love We coming down mayn, blowing cuzin and bud - 3x We hollered at Botany, Courtney came with the love We hollered at Botany, Courtney came with the love [C-Note] Got's to holler at Botany, cause they showed me love Plus they showed me how to get it, and they down to buzz Wasn't another crew around, that was touching us Wasn't another crew down, that can fuck with us Up early in the morning, and we hit the spot Can't wait till school out, then we hit the block Call us big shot niggaz, but we run from cops And boys won't stop, till we hit the top No mo' slanging rocks, now they on my wrist We was at Screw house, jotting down the list That's when I grabbed the mic, it went some'ing like this I told him I was the coldest, with the mic in my fist Then I kicked a freestyle, and then mean while We was thinking bout, all the money we gon pile Fresh out the dope game, up in the rap game We got the whole world, feeling Screwed Up mayn [Hook] [C-Note] Now I told ya we gon do it, now we did it and we done it But you can't see me, with the diamond out woman On the Boulevard fronting, in some'ing brand new Got the rims big as Shaq, 26 on the shoe Boys roll candy red, boys roll candy blue I'll roll candy black, cause you know I keep it true Tattoo, say I represent them Clover boys Talk down, then you know we fucking over boys I'ma pop my roof, I'ma pop my trunk I'ma keep on smoking, on these baseball blunts Got that drank by the jug, got the dro by the pound Hear my Nextel chirp, cause we be town to town Got the K a hundred rounds, and we down to spit You can meet us in the street, keep talking that shit And I'm tired of boys hating, on the Screwed Up Click Thinking they did shit first, when we started this shit [Hook] [Pimp C] Everyday a holiday, night times is bright Spent my last fifteen years, getting money with my mic Yeah it's UGK for life, I'm still riding with Bun Dirty money in my pocket, riding dirty with guns All hundreds no ones, up under my paper stack Got a Bentley and a Rolls, but I still love Lacs Purple in my sack, keep a magnum for they back Coming down on Willie D, Bush Bill and D-Act We all young ghetto boys, I rep the South Port Arthur Texas, the real trill ville no doubt Riding in a glass house, glad to see another day R.I.P. one time, for that H-A-W-K If your people locked up, you need to send em money Cause it's never too late, to stop acting funny My car candy red, I'm dripping period blood Gotta holla at Botany, them niggaz out here coming up [Hook] (*talking*) Coming down, Third Coast mayn we in here Screwed Up Click representer, off top Pop that trunk, banging mayn swanging mayn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Bun B (U.G.K.), Godfather Album: Third Coast Born 2000 Song: If it Was Meant to Be Typed by: NcSteve173@hotmail.com Ah, Ah, Ah, Father live my life (2000) Tryin' to do what's right, Ah If it was meant to be, I'll store a whole key, and push a Bentley Build my own mansion on Mars, go down in history If it was meant to be, I'd go platinum in a day An If it was meant to be there'd be no po-lice where I stay [C-Note] Oh well, I live in Hell I'm trapped up in this ghetto Crack sales, we livin' well But still ain't nuttin' to let go If it was meant to be, so set yourself free If we ever make it out this ghetto I sold my shit to C, that's on me I'm jus a G, I'm tryin' to get my life together I know through all the sunshine there be some frightning weather I ever, you gotta live your life slow If ya ass in a rush you might get trapped in the snow With, nowhere to go, nowhere to hide An if, it was meant to be, I'd be nation wide (nation wide) Give me the world an all that's left up in it Bump-in nation, ridin' broke while rich an independent [Revised Hook] If it was meant to be then everybody I know would be a G An all the homies doin' time in the pen be set free If it was meant to be, I'd go platinum in a day An If it was meant to be there'd be no po-lice where I stay [Godfather] If it was meant to be, I'd be a millionaire the next century It's '99, Juelzie's out the penitentiary Drug game done crashed, jus like the stock market But weed'll never stop sellin, give me the blunt an spark it If it was meant to be, God'll let me see tomorrow Gotta go work for mine, I never had to borrow And as for friends, that's somethin' that I never had I love my mother to death, but what about my dad? If it was meant to be, none of us would have to struggle I pressed my luck with the Sotas to make my money double A man of life, no stress no bills I know some people that's broke, that wanna go an kill If it was meant to be, you would have fame and fortune Die a sinner, you'd go to Hell where it's scorchin' So when the y2k, I found a new way I make my own decisions, Don't care whatchu say... [Revised Hook - C-Note] If it was meant to be, I'd be known world wide Four or five differnt Bentley's, parked outside If it was meant to be (meant to be), I'd be locked behind bars But still I'd rather ball with young ghetto stars [Bun B] Say man I'd already be platinum An I'd already be rich I'd already be in a house on a hill with a bad bitch An I'd already be settin' trends in a 2001 Bendz Lookin' at super models through a Cardy LN's An I'd already be at the top of billboard for a month An I'd already be on stage in the Summit with a blunt I don't tool wit Lauryn Hill, not even bar an steel Man I'd already know how to inside of a foreign field An I'd already know how much they love me over seas And how to blow a grand in quilla in Amsterdam wit clover G's An I'd already know how tight my name in lights would look at night While blowin' chocolate mixed with hash mixed with flight Man I'd already know who killed Malcolm X and Kennedy An who my real fathers was from niggaz who pretend to be I'd already be readin on everybody who hate If it was meant to be man I wouldn't even have to wait If it was meant to be (x3) (Music Fades) (Talking) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Note f/ Juvenile, Bun B, Godfather Album: Street Fame Song: Know What I'm Talkin' Bout Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] This one, got 'em bopping to this Keep 'em all day in the mall, shopping to this Riding on them chrome'y blades, steady chopping to this And I'm in a rag top, steady dropping to this Know what I'm tal'n bout, one time clocking to this Cause the bang in the trunk, steady knocking to this Keep the nine millimeter guns, cocking to this And you gon know me when you see me, by the rocks on my wrist [C-Note] Plenty hoes, showing me love (know I'm tal'n bout), got the Benz sitting on dubs (know I'm tal'n bout), that's the way we do in the South (know I'm tal'n bout), put them diamonds in your mouth (know I'm tal'n bout), pulling up looking real clean (know I'm tal'n bout), Navigator filled with screens (know I'm tal'n bout), got my grill filled with diamonds (know I'm tal'n bout), got the bumper steady reclining As you see, I'm from the Third Coast nigga Balling, what we does most nigga C-Note, y'all can't come close nigga Freeze, so y'all can't stop my niggaz Got a lot of women, when we up in the club Walk outside, and we sitting on dubs Ballers and thugs, steady showing me love Fly like a dove, in them planes above know I'm tal'n bout [Hook] [Bun B] King of this rap thang, in the Lone Star Everyday we smoke kill, pop pills on bar (know I'm tal'n bout), coming out the Westside vecinity Fuck a crowd fuck the law, fuck over the enemy (know I'm tal'n bout), king of the after-hours I'm able To walk up in to Cornbread's, and pick a pool table (know I'm tal'n bout), put dice on it put a price on it Lick every nigga with it, got advice on it (know I'm tal'n bout), you want it damn fool pick a number And we'll find six feet of dirt, to get you under (know I'm tal'n bout), did it befo' we'll do it again Let's take it back to '92, smoking fluid again (know I'm tal'n bout), you let him damn him do it to you Acting like you wasn't G's, when you knew it was true (know I'm tal'n bout), we coming through your HQ in a blue S2 In 2000 and 2, now what you gonna do know I'm tal'n bout [Hook] [Godfather] Know what I'm tal'n bout, loving Down South They dub like horses, with gold in they mouth In the E Class, when I see ass Horn beep-beep, then I pull up fast Love for the Third, when the Third got birds Roll big birds, sip on syrup Whole club pumping, everybody jumping Like Kriss-Kross, never take a big loss If I get pulled over, it'll get tossed Stay hogging, cause I'm the big boss Bun B, C-Note murder we wrote O.G.'s, now relax wrap ski boats Big pimping, fuck leave her limping Ecstasy pills, got her heart trembling Got a lot of women, never be simping Dudes out of line, I be homicide attempting [Hook] [Juvenile] I'm bout to put the double R, in the spot It look clean when it drop, but it's rough with the top Man I got, four or five of y'all Everyday trying to figure, what I drive is hard 45 inch bus, studio in the bus DVD satellite, I ain't kidding you black If I owe money, gotta be to the max Third Coast baby, I'm speaking the facts Better sco' from me now, other niggaz'll tax If you don't have what I want, look I'm giving it back I'ma snatch me a hoe, before I go to the pad And hope she give me head, let me go in the ass Man I see a whole lot of people, up in the club Women shaking they ass, niggaz throwing it up And recognize, when the real in this bitch And you try to take me under, but I'm still in this bitch [Hook] (*talking*) Bun B, Juvenile, C-Note off that (know I'm tal'n bout) Putting it down Third Coast style (know I'm tal'n bout) Grizz on the track got my back, what up with it (know I'm tal'n bout), Big Shot Records we here to stay baby Know I'm tal'n bout - 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Crooked Lettaz f/ Pimp C Album: Grey Skies Song: Get Crunk Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Pimp C-talking) Hold up, Sweet Jones, 64 dollar cologne bitch Smellin good, leather and wood, feelin on somethin Know what I'm talkin 'bout, check it out (Pimp C) Sweet Jones, in a foreign car, shinin like a muthafuckin superstar I'm sippin the bar, grippin the grain I got 17 karats in my piece a chain I been a young pimp nigga since I was a kid Mama would be 'shamed of all the things I did Like cookin the stones and bustin caps out the 'rome I keep a chip in my phone and put key domes in ya home I'm the trillest of the trill, you the fakest of the fake Pussy-ass niggas in the club tryna playa hate While I'm standin here draped in diamonds I ride with made niggas, some choppin on blade niggas Survive enemies, Mississippi get paid niggas They lay ya lup in ya lap, and let the pistol dome clap And it ain't all about this rap shit bitch nigga Handle the business with the muthafuckin chrome trigga (Chorus-Pimp C) Now if you heard what I said then get crunk, get crunk Now if you heard what I said then get crunk, get crunk Now get buck, now get buck And pop ya pussy if you don't give a fuck Now if you heard what I said then get crunk, get crunk Now if you heard what I said then get crunk, get crunk Now get buck, now get buck And pop ya pussy if you don't give a fuck (Crump) Sweet done analyzed the game, now he taught me the shit I get some golds in my mouth, platinum game I spit Pimp done told me 'Vel, these niggas ain't nothin but hoes' 'You make most of ya cheese off production and shows' See it's all good, lift up ya seat, don't piss on the wood If these niggas feelin froggy, let 'em come to the hood It's all gravy daddy, get crunk, get crunk Talk shit bitch, and get stomped, get stomped Big Crump in Baton Rouge and ?? in P.A. I hit moms with 10 grand, now I got money to make I watch it bubble and shake, choppin lyrical cakes Niner-Ross on my side, for these busters and fakes (Chorus) (Kamikaze) Don't ever talk to police, don't let 'em know just where you sleep And watch them killas 'cause they creep And won't believe that thugs get deep If I said it then I did it, if I speaks it then I live it And early Christmas we gon' gets it,  'cause me and C we 'bout to spit it ???? partner, but I'm not, tryna cypher what I got To get this shit, it keeps it hot Then sell it back to make this knot You sons a bitches ain't gon' last, tryna pocket all that hash Can't even launder all your cash, 'cause you gon' swander on some ass I'm like pimps say, it's hatin goin on in P.A. But shit them same hatin niggas is on them streets where I stay We go from Jackson back Texas, want some action come and check us Got that love then come and bless us,  think we soft then come and test us Just us trill southern niggas, you brought you that bouncin jump So on your left is Mr. Franklin, on your right is Mr. Crump Dump them niggas in the trunk, UGK smokin on skunk Crooked Lettaz ain't no punk, we hit yo city, get it crunk And ain't not pimp without no hoe, ain't no show without my dough You try to floss but know you poor, 'cause you's a rapper with no flow So I'm a tell you out the door, ladies don't look if you's a crow Nigga's don't speak if you's a hoe,  you got the sweet, nigga let's blow and get crunk (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Custom Made Gangstas f/ H.A.W.K., Bun B Album: If You Ain't Hungry, Don't Come to the Table Song: Victorious Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) What's up Houston Texas, it's Custom Made Gangstas In the building, dropping on another one on your teflon Know what I'm talking about, got the heat ready To say already, you know what I'm talking about [Bun B] I ain't never seen the top, of a slab I couldn't drop I never seen a chromey set of blades, I couldn't chop Never seen a fat sack, of dro I couldn't burn No a corner, that a nigga couldn't Cadillac turn From the land of the swisher sweets, and sipping lean too Candy painted Cadillacs, and DJ Screw Southside G's, representers of the real Don't like it, we give's a fuck how you feel already [Lil' Keke] I do it verse for verse, I do it lick for lick I'm just a franchise player, number one draft pick Ok it's Dirty 3rd, and it's a hundred degrees 24's and Benz do's, blowing dro in the breeze Take trips 'cross the world, but I rep H-Town Exit Martin Luther King, make a right touchdown Hit your roof and let 'em hang, when you floss in a Cheve' And from Texas up in Florida mayn, already [Hook] Are you really, feeling good tonight (already) Are you gon represent your hood tonight, (already) Cause the drinks on me, and the bar tab's heavy Scream it like you mean it, when you say (already) Now do you got a icy piece on your chain, (already) Well what about your watch, your wirst and your rings (already) If it's your Lac or your Benz, or your old school Cheve' Scream it like you mean it, when you say (already) [H.A.W.K.] I'ma drop it on the belly, in my '57 Cheve' Swanging working my jelly, while I'm screaming already My grammar country like Nelly, my weed loud and smelly Go on give me that girl, like Bun and Lil' Webbie Already, I'm guiding the wheel so steady Already, alert the Don on Nextelly What it do, pull out the 72 Come down and come through, like we use to do Are you really feeling good tonight, already Cause po' a fo' in a one liter Sprite, already Fuck it nigga put on all your ice, already We bout to shine like disco lights, we do it right In these H-Town streets, we don't play no game And if you saying already, you done stole our slang And of you ain't already, on top of your game Then you really need to step it up mayn, already [Hook] [Lil' Keke] We got independent cash, so the family's strong The buzz done start popping, and the cash is on Houston Texas on fire mayn, y'all boys ain't heard SUV's sitting tall, ain't no scraping the curb Let's do it vault for vault, or do it bank for bank You can pour that cup out, boy that shit ain't drank When the trunk is knocking, it could get drastic I'm an underground king, everything is a classic Bun and Don Ke, H-A-Dub we here We laying the foundation, cause the millions are near When everything got bad, a nigga still had his pad Chasing after bucks, y'all chasing after fast Already, Mr. Lee keep that thang steady C.M.G. is hungry, my whole click ready I'm a first class playa, when I take that flight Screwed Up Click in the building, feeling good tonight yeah [Hook] (*talking*) Yeah, how you love it so far man it's a masterpiece You know, you never thought you'd get a underground like this Exclusive new tracks, freestyles on the way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ Bun B, Devin the Dude Album: MTA2: Baptized in Dirty Water Song: Gots to Go Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com [Chorus: Devin the Dude] Ain't no tellin' where I might be I got places to go and people to see Ain't no tellin' where I'll end up I got shows to rock and hoes to fuck Ain't no tellin' where I might go Coast to Coast or just next do' (door) But, I gots to go, I gots to go Eh, eh, (I gots to go) eh (go), eh, eh, eh (gotta go) [Verse 1: David Banner] Roll up on that tour bus, smokin' a blunt Then heard a (dunn dunn dunn dunn dunn!) what yo' baby momma want? Nothin' but good fuckin' dick suckin' train runnin' She lickin' on my nuts, talk to her if she hear me comin' Watchin' me go She swallowed cum, you kissed a hoe Tongue and lip, all Man you really lickin' my balls Heard you for my baby momma last night nigga, nah But she did bring weed, no seeds, sticks all I'm lyin' when she come over, cock lyin' in her jaw Niggaz all up in her drawers And that's yo' baby mother If it makes you feel better, she's a good dick sucker (sucker) [Chorus: Devin the Dude] [Verse 2: Devin the Dude] My Job takes me out of town on all-expense paid Wakin' up with a hangover 2,000 miles away It seems easy: weed, women, and wine Four hours of sleep is all you get - now it's time To tally hoe to the show, a yo, yo let it go Bust through the do' (door), rag & flow and grab my hoe And get back in the van with some titties in hand Let her meet ya new friend, who's willing to spend The whole night? Another flight another gig another city Touchin' on somebody's baby momma's titties Niggaz in the lobby wonderin' where their women are Third floor havin' a "Let's Become a Bitch Seminar" Can't get attached, I got a plane to catch I wish I could a hit that but I'll be back [Devin the Dude talking] Yo, (huh) ain't no tellin' where I'm a be at But you know, out the do' (door) uh huh [Chorus: Devin the Dude] [Verse 3: Bun B] Yeeah, man this the king of the chillin' circuit, I'm aight, ten in it I'm paper chasin' and rap hustlin' it ain't no synonym My money ain't a game so I ain't worried bout winnin' it I'm worried bout makin' it, stackin' it and spendin' it (and spendin' it) Ain't no pretendin' it don't make the world move Same way you can't pretend my shit don't make yo' girl groove See, God work in myterious ways but I don't (don't) And the devil will make a deal wit yo' ass but I won't (won't) Now you can have the cleanest paint job on ya trucks Six T.V.s, wood wit leather seats, stitched and tucked The biggest chrome rims, playa, I don't give a fuck If I holla at yo' bitch, guarantee she gettin' buck You can yell and you can scream and you can fuss and you can fight Like it's the worst night in yo' life, to me it's just another night I ain't carin' bout ya drama (uh uh), or breakin' up ya home You just a joke for the crew and material for a song, main [Chorus: Devin the Dude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: David Banner f/ Bun B, Raheem DeVaughn Album: Sex, Drugs & Video Games Song: Smoked Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: David Banner] She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out She-she-she only wanna fuck when she's smoked out She say, she say, she say, she say, she say, she say, she say (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out She-she-she only wanna fuck when she's smoked out (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) [David Banner] She don't like me on the radio, ride up on me in the hood Only call once or twice, I fall through and fuck her good Only like a foot high, Cali cush, I bring it by Got the best pussy in the world, nigga I can't lie Love it when I fuck her friends, never ask me for no ends Bring 'er on, money for the weed like I pay in tens Twenty's on a good J, smoke her whole life away If you pop 'shnell, sip some limo, never ever fuck with ya But never ever fuck with they [Interlude] Smoke, uh Roll it, bite it, smokin... [David Banner] Fuckin on the floor, on the couch, on the porch, in your mouth I'm in your body so deep that you scream to pull it out Let me take you to a crazy that you never ever been Put your legs on my shoulder and some kush in the wind I ain't tryna be a friend, I'm just juggin down here We can visit now and then but for now I'm 'bout the bin But for now I'm 'bout the bin [Raheem DeVaughn] She so ghetto girl just be fine She rolls her J and then she roll mine Place call up, never bump and grind She go her way and I go mine She call me when she feelin real freaky To be a midnight house call lover Like in the back woods, real good kush And it's all about the Magnum rubbers She like them shotgun kisses that taste like marijuana Fuck her you gon blow her back out The room's smokin like a sauna Already go but I ain't cumin yet We Wiz Khalifa high, Mississippi soakin wet She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out {*2X*} She say {*6X*} She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out {*2X*} (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) {*3X*} She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out She-she-she only wanna fuck when she's She say {*6X*} She only wanna fuck when she's smoked out {*2X*} (I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke) {*7X*} [Bun B] Man I'll be rollin through my city in a drop top something Here to suck her that, mouth back and cigarillos to puffin boys Sayin that they blowin on their kilo but they bluffin' I stay treat up like a pop quart, they a dope player is nothin' Why you stressin with them C's? I got extends all in your weed I got that hard drop Bonnie Connie, they here, that's all you need And this is strictly for the G's so I keep fightin with the durk Get your pop on like the sweets, why she liftin up her skirt? [Outro] I only wanna fuck, I only wanna smoke {*6X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Devin The Dude f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne, Tony Mack Album: Waitin' To Inhale Song: Lil' Girl Gone Typed by: dcs10251980@yahoo.com [Tony Mack - adlibbing] [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Okay, I'm talking 'bout a good girl gone bad Crooked world, wrong pad Right mom, wrong dad I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you But, it just eats me up like some barbeque from Luther's In the morning with the boosters, on the corner with the boosters And she's the fresh-cut, and they're on her like sutures And I wanna talk to her, but her momma has to school her I wanna see her better, she's the weather of my future I don't wanna see another hurricane Baby, you can kill the pain If you just let me explain Trust me, I know what I'm sayin' You will end up on the track of an oncoming train Stuck in the passenger seat, trying do the fast lane Damn! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it She was raised good, can't blame her parents Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Verse 2: Bun B] Well, once upon a time there was a mom and a dad Who on the outside had everything people wished they had A beautiful daughter, two-story house, two-car garage And a white picket fence wrapped around the front yard See, daddy was a doctor and mommy was a banker Mommy's job got outsourced, so now mommy's a dranker Daddy had a malpractice suit, now he's a snorter And all this shit is taking place right in front of their daughter She says, "Daddy, what's wrong?" But, he's just too high "Mommy, what we gon' do?" She just get drunk and cry Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin' to do right Looking for answers alone, in the darkness of night Shit ain't tight! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it She was raised good, can't blame her parents Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Verse 3: Devin The Dude] Couldn't even fold her own clothes yet, she chose to jet Some shit that she will always regret Now she's runnin' from house to house, out and about All hours of the night, learnin' hard lessons of life She called home twice, but she couldn't say Where she was gonna' lay her head the very next day She gave up her body and mind, way before time Got nothin' left to dug out, to get help [Verse 4: Tony Mack] She doesn't know what to do with herself Her family's worried, think she don't even care Don't even care! She's livin' a rough life on a hope and a prayer Where she'll end up in a few years, who knows where Who knows where! [Chorus 2x's: Devin The Dude (Tony Mack)] Little girl gone somewhere, out there stranded Can't nobody find her and they don't understand it (Don't understand it) She was raised good, can't blame her parents (Heyyyyy!!) Lost in the sauce is not the way they planned it [Tony Mack - adlibbing until the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dirty f/ Bun B Album: Hood Stories Song: Rolie Polie Typed by: ri-co@blackplanet.com [Intro: Mr. G-stack] Yeah... What? Okay... yeah Dirty Boyz back.. This song for all them hoes in the club All them bad bitches All the hoes... at least that thank they bad You know... all them type of hoes Check it.. [Verse 1: Mr. G-stacka] Now when I hit them club doors, I'm in this bitch until the club close In case I'm leavin' out with one of these club hoes I'm at the bar throwed, off that Petron Gold A half of ounce of 'dro, smoke until my eyes close Check out that dance flo', shorty shake it like a pro She drop it low and make her elbows toach her toes I'm tryin' to get her home, so I can get her out her clothes Sit her on this pole and see how fast her back role Them other hoes hate her, they know they can't repace her Got niggaz throwin' paper like she work at Club Shakers She ain't no stripper but they tip her cause they want to cake her Every song that she dance that's when niggaz pay her Now that's a bab bitch, she got the club locked Them other bitches ain't got shit on how the pussy pop But let me show you just how bad I'll wear that pussy out Cause you been dancin' for so long, I know that pussy hot [Bridge] She been dancin' off that Little Jon all night Shorty why you all hype? Gone off the Paul right? DJ, kill the fog lights Y'all might not like the beat, but then again y'all might Shorty be shakin' that ass fast like that all night Role that ass slow girl Role that a...role that a... (R-Role that ass) Role that ass slow girl Role that a...role that a... (R-Role that ass) Role that ass slow girl Role that a...role that a... (R-Role that ass) Role that ass slow girl Rolie polie slow girl [Verse 2: Bun-B] Well if you know like I know, when you see her get at her Since the last time I seen her, man that ass done got fatter Look at how she pitchin' that pussy, she need her a batter Pussy poppin' on a hand-stand, and I ain't mad at her I'm just glad her mama and dad had her so I can find her Pull up to that bumper behind her and straight grind her Nigga if her ass was a rapper, I'da signed her I see she still a bad bitch, I don't need a reminder (At all) You know tha Bun Beater all about the booty homie Now bend that ass over, let me put my Louie on it(man) Boy, I tell ya... Ain't nothing like pretty asses y'all I'm talkin' big, brown, and round like some basketballs (Hold up) You know I love it when it jiggle like that When I rub it and slap it and make you giggle like that I'm down with Pimp-C, so you know I'm on my p-i Now get down with them Dirty Boyz quit actin' like a b-i [bridge] [chorus] [Verse 3: Big Pimp] I been peepin' you up in this club Ever since you came in you been gettin' buck I sippin' Grey Duck, cause they fucked the Henney up A thick juicey gul, man I finna get to her I ask her "What her name?" She tell me that it's +Vivica+ She kinda +foxy+, bendin' over ass stickin' up My mind blowed, plus that 'dro gotta a nigga throwed A thick hoe, like she stuffed tissue in her clothes Plus she been dancin' off that Little Jon allnight, aw shorty all right The way she role that ass got a nigga dick hard like.. Black hoes, mixed hoes, some hoes all white All these bitches in the club, most off them all night Shawty nothin' but twenty-one, eighteen up... grown to me But I'mma see how grown she is when I take her home and see Behind her where I wanna be, shorty you to crunk for me You bumpin' me, slow that ass down, that's what I wanna see [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dizzee Rascal f/ U.G.K. Album: Maths & English Song: Where's Da G's Typed by: dizzeerascal.co.uk [ Verse 1: Dizze Rascal ] Liar liar, pants on fire, you're not gangsta, you're not street You just make yourself sound gangsta when you're rapping on the beat You ain't got yourself in no life-threatening situations yet You're no dealer, you're not balling, you just get yourself in debt You're a fan of hip hop, wanking when you hear them rappers talk Love to sit and listen but we know that you don't walk the walk What's with all the fake aggression, I can see that it's not true I know killers, I know gangsters, and they never heard of you You ain't robbed nobody, shanked nobody, you ain't bust no gun You ain't seen no ghetto action, who do you think you fooling, son? You should pull your trousers up, you know it ain't your type of look You're no playa, you're no pimp, I think that you should read a book And seckle, find yourself a pretty girl and settle You know that if it's on that you ain't drawing for no metal  I know them rap songs got you thinking you're some kind of g Well if that's the case, then que sara and what will be will be [ Hook ] Where's the G's? Where's the stars? Where's the whips? Where's the cars? Where's that cribs? And where's the yards? Cause all I see is hype Where's the dough? Where's the cash? Where's the hoes? Where's the gash? Where's the blicks? And where's the mash? Cause all I see is hype Too many moots on the TV How many real crooks on the TV? All I hear is dead hooks on the TV Being real these days ain't easy Too many moots on the TV How many real crooks on the TV? All I see is bare poop on the TV Being real these days ain't easy [ Verse 2: Bun B ] Well it's big Bun B and I'm back again, talking that shit on the track again Too many motherfuckers be lying about selling, buying and trafficking I'm like really though what's happening, you boys talk about that crack again?  Cause we don't believe you, need more people, y'all might as well just pack it in Show me the paper you're stacking in, show me the blocks you got on hold Show me your workers, show me your shooters, lemme see the neighborhood you control Lemme see if you a boss, and if motherfuckers is scared of you And if somebody trying to take your shit, let me see what you prepared to do Are you ready to go to war? Are you ready to shoot to kill? Are you really gon' man-up or bitch-up? Just tell the truth for real Are you ready to take a life, walk up to 'em and squeeze the trigger I don't think so cause you ain't built like that, so just be easy, nigga Cause you know you ain't 'bout no drama and you know that you really don't want it So stay the fuck out of the way when them trill-ass niggas is on it Dizzee Ras and UGK, you know we stay connected Trill recognize trill, so just respect it and check it  And tell me [ Hook ] [ Verse 3: Pimp C ] Where the Benz and where the hoes? Candy niggas with candy clothes Where the cocaine? Where the o's? Where the SoundScan, where the shows? You's a pimp, bitch, where the track? Where the diamonds and where the Lac You say that you that you in hot pursuit But I ain't never seen you with a prostitute I got everything I say Don't believe me, ask Lil' J On the West ask Ice-T Fuck good but my dick ain't free So hood I used to whip the d Patron and wood when im in the B Sweet Jones, Tony Snow, Percy Mack, Pimp C Bitch, I got a bunch of names Getting head in the H.O.V. lane Getting red, I let my nuts hang Wear a lot of red but it ain't no gang Chased by the feds but it ain't no thang I guess they think I still sell cocaine 92 carrots in my chain Jumping out a red-candy thing Never snitch, never tell, get caught up, go back to jail Before I tell them hoes shit, fuck the law, they can eat my dick The main niggas that pop the trunk Go to the pen and get with them punks Then come home trying to act tough When they was up there getting fucked in the butt [ Hook ] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay & Greg Street f/ Bun B, Papoose, Razah & Shaq Diesel Album: DJ KaySlay & Greg Street the Champions (The North Meets the South) Song: Can't Stop the Reign Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Razah] You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign no When it starts to fall, when it starts to fall [Shaq Diesel] R.I.P. B.I.G. From your big dog B.I.G. D.E.E.Z. Shaq Diesel Kayslay (Kayslay) Money Mark (Money Mark) Studda Box, Box [DJ KaySlay] Yeah it's the champions! Kayslay! Greg Street! Come On! [Verse 1: Bun B] You see the sun goin down and the moon starts to rise The winds pickin up and it's lightnin in the skies Everything darkens and the clouds start to form That's when you see an underground king bring the storm Settin out the bait like he's goin for the kill With black leather gloves wrapped around the blue steel All about the green give a damn how you feel You got yellow down your back you can't rock with the Trill Leave you red from head to toe, give you the blues When I fix you with some light grey cement shoes I rode trues and vogues, nice blades and pirelli's On that O Six benx the color of apple jelly It's a wrap for you pimpin, like a hoagie at the deli You was the man back in the day but you Fell like Felly Now it's a new king on the throne with the roar of the crowd It's Bun B and while I'm holdin it down, you can't stop the reign [Chorus: Razah] You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign no When it starts to fall, when it starts to fall There's no one left to blame, I said it's no one left to blame If you locked that door, if you locked that door [Verse 2: Papoose] Do not disturb, the King usin the bathroom The Queen's bathin his body the tub with the statue My physical is pure, covered in no tattoo Chillin in my throne the man's home is his castle You only got a one track mind or what have you I need a passport for my brain my mind travels You don't know who's a snake till after they attack you How do you identify 'em not all snakes rattle Savages on DVD's comin at you My concepts is too complex I leave 'em baffled I'm so far passed you why would I have a battle When I'm already winnin the war in the rotten apple I never been selfish it's a non stop hassle Even when I made peanuts I shed cashew Try to stop the reign where the pump double barrel Papoose I'm a bang it on you like Shaq do [Chorus: Razah] You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign no When it starts to fall, when it starts to fall There's no one left to blame, I said it's no one left to blame If you locked that door, if you locked that door [Verse 3: Shaq Diesel] CD's in the cockpit of a hot drop top whip Livin Miami style worth of flocks and shit The platinum plaque hanger, track stranger rim rack banger Dominerical baller homey I'm no stranger Diesel Dog Mafia dough propper Flow alone got me spittin these hot flames with Big Poppa And I still represent the Bricks Just like dirt, like when they used to flood the bricks with bricks From now on call me B.I.G. No disrespect to Notorious B.I.G. R.I.P. but damn when your lookin at me You be like damn Shaq Dog do it B.I.G. I got a Phantom same color as butter When I ride by niggaz be like damn I can't believe it's butter Believe me dog I ain't never gotta spit Iced out grill that says Shaq O'Neil's the shit Can't stop the reign I told you that man Money Mark is my bullet Cousin Kenny is my gat man Dog and Box got my back man Kayslay, Corey Gunz, Main Street, Lil' Shaq man That's my circle, try to break it I hurt you Ain't no gettin out that, I doubt that Classic maker, resurrect hits smash to bits Can't you see I mastered this? What's beef? Who gives a fuck I'm not knowin Stop askin me 'bout Kobe, D. McNabb, Terrell Owens The world is mine and you can't get with it I'm a King not a rat, get it And I don't pick chicks, that used to pay Deez a visit Until I married somethin esquisite I just gave y'all thrity bars, my garage got thirty cars Four, five and sixes [Chorus: Razah] You can't stop the reign, you can't stop the reign no When it starts to fall, when it starts to fall There's no one left to blame, I said it's no one left to blame If you locked that door, if you locked that door The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ Bun B, Hak Ditty, Joe Buddens, Killer Mike, Sauce Money, WC Album: The StreetSweeper Vol. 1 Song: Coast to Coast Gangstas Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Sauce Money] (*Laughing*) Brooklyn This is the set-off Kay Sleezy Take it to the streets nigga Word up Sauce Money Uh, uh Proper set-off Don't get it fucked up cuz Sauce calm wit his grandma Cuz I'm like baking soda bitch, I'm armed with a hammer And when I'm strapped fool, fuck your brother Cuz like Jimmy Ivene in Virginia you in the scope like a muthafucka Fine, niggas don't wanna let him shine Niggas hate that fact Sauce don't give a fuckin' nine Soon as he ran his mouth, one tre pound seven to nine Guess who's the odd man out I guess we got something in common I'm just a little more calm when I'm about to split your arm in Put a hole so big in your noggin That if you God body, you can fit the whole sun, moon and star in You starvin' for more lyrics I know Steady robbin' all them lyrics I flow I'm Sadam-ing all you niggas fo sho You betta know I'm a true nigga, please do nigga Betta inquire from a few niggas Cuz bitch, I done shit on quite a few and quieted a few niggas Get a grip, dead four-fifth in the hip Slip, never picture me fallin' nigga don't trip [Killer Mike] Stoned is the way of my walk In a mini-mack eleven, the tone when I talk When I spray niggas pray, lay on the sidewalk Color blood red, body outlined in chalk My rhymes, two zigs all nines Hard hit when they spit, split wigs double time This eightball's a strict nine Tear apart body parts when I spark nine At they head hard lodged in they damn spine Leaves emcee's like Christopher Reeves, crippled and cryin' Shittin' in a bag and a breath away from dyin' Nigga I'm - the epitomy of raw rhymes The epitomy of rap rock I make a block party bop to the sounds of a hot glock From New York down to Georgia it don't stop Killer Kill from Addamsville with a hot glock Blaaat! [Bun B] They say murder is the case they wanna throw me I guess these muthafuckas don't know me O.G. rock called a yay slanger VA's finest Underground muthafuckin' king call me "Your Highness" I tear your sinus with this gun powder Wipe your tears with the steal, no fear this is real niggas Here is the deal: you clear in this field And ain't stoppin' until every hater here is revealed Cuz we don't need no fuckin' clearance to peel Or shortstoppers runnin' and the fear is revealed So - get off this block homie handle your corner Keep all your heroin, rocks and you mariju-wana I'm like a - character on the Sopranos or the Wire You'se a - big pussy lil' man, it's over, retire Cuz the - clock's tickin', your days is done But we know all them lil' different fuckin' ways you slum But it's trill downtown, your momma's all free Your house is sugar-layin' with your wife and your seed Yes indeed, Big Bun is on a home invasion You gon' bleed on my gun from your dome abrasions Cuz my chrome is blazin', I'm naughty crunk Got the bop gun like Sir Nose D'Voiddoffunk Bitch, I pull a sawed-off from under the waist Open your eyes muthafucka, you got thunder to face Fuck rest, we gon' lay these muthafuckas to waste You bit the pully nigga tell me, how the fuck did it taste From my gun... Big guns, big power M. Woods, sixth hour Berettas, Tauruses, Rugers Smith and Wesson's, glocks and lugers AK's, AR 15's Mack elevens and M-16's High caliber, so why try it? You live by it, so you die by it A muthafuckin' gun... [WC] Who's the man with the strap in his hand Homie's stolen semi-autos and contrabands All day every day, crossin' my hood in day In a six-trey with my nigga Kay Slay Dub the law scan, the infrared scanner Hangin' out the window, hittin' em up with the bandana And I can't stand a snitch so I - clean the lid Just in case them bitch niggas wanna sing with this I stay on the trigger, cuz lames hate me nigga They can't pay me nigga, where my lay dates nigga Where AK one-on-one so thirty shot Nine millimeter Melindas aimed ready to send ya So put your can on your vest like a Bible and pray slowly Cuz this'll leave your teflon holey With the forty glock ready to ring, bring the trauma to the scene It's the Ghetto Heisman and the Drama King [Joe Buddens] It's about that time nine-milli clappin' Dude, what's really crackin'? I been gettin' it since 'Paid In Full' was really happenin' I gotta do it like that to keep my street name And pride made me kill Wayne Growe when the heat came I don't smut but stimulation is good I keep the hammer with me, Joey's renovatin' the hood Difference between us, I'm gettin' loot on tours Good shoes on the Beem, you got a boot on yours Dudes with no names wanna put an end to me But doggs, I'm readin' between the lines, the whole game's in parenthesis Talk about models and how you with somethin' When you really shootin' air balls, you ain't hittin' nothin' Nathan, through the strip, O.G.'s blazin' Street niggas slowly hatin' on Joey so amazin' And hood niggas knowin' what up Either holdin' you down or holdin' you up, throwin' it up Oh! [Hak Ditty] Aiiyo, fuck the dumb shit, when the guns spit One clip'll have your whole strip laid down Thirty-two shots to your block, I had that shit caged down And before you blink, I let off eight rounds This the ro-yal I ain't playin' I'm takin' this over, so y'all either layin' or dying And I won't hesitate to blaze the iron You cocksuckers is chillin' with a ragin' lion I see them dudes every day, when I'm racin' by 'em Or on the curb poppin' bottles while they hatin' and eyein' Uh, whether the slider or the highrider I keep my block rocker, glock under the blue dosser Far as Philly, it's no question to who's liver I'm hotter, Hak Ditty, block locker Fully prepared I hope y'all fully aware that y'all niggas got a problem this year (*Gunshots*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ KaySlay f/ Baby D, Bun B, David Banner, Lil' Jon Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 2: The Pain From the Game Song: Drama Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com [Intro: Lil' Jon, DJ KaySlay] [Lil' Jon] Hey (hey!), what?! (what?!) It's the motherfucking Drama King, KaySlay (yeah!) Me, it's ya boy Lil' Jon, hey (hey!) Let's go (ha!), what?! (what?!) what?! Let's go (ha!), yeah, hey! (hey!) Let's go (ha!) [DJ KaySlay] + (Lil' Jon) A yo it's DJ KaySlay the Drama (drama!) King Ain't nothin' but real (yeah) niggaz up on this track (what?) right here A yo Brian, we gots to get up in the mix Like we back on the block in '86 [Chorus: Lil' Jon] If my hood talkin' fake shit, what you gon' catch?! (Drama!! Drama!!) What?! What?! (Drama!! Drama!!) In my face thinkin' "oh he hard!" he'll catch (Drama!! Drama!!) Yeah! (Drama!! Drama!!) Tryin' to say somethin' freak bitch, what he gon' get?! (Drama!!, Drama!!) Hey! Hey! (Drama!! Drama!!) You better back up bitch before you get slapped quick! (Drama!! Drama!!) About that nigga named! (Drama!! Drama!!) [Verse 1: Bun B] Niggaz sayin' what they gon' do when they see that Bun B You tellin' everybody out there all that dumb shit but me Alright, you niggaz want it, I got it FUCK IT, it's his space (space) Soon as I get the work from +Kay+, niggaz is gettin' +Slay+ed (slayed) The 50 Caliber handgun, the Mack (Mack), the Glove (Glove) Catch a nigga off the street, show his bitch-ass some love (bitch-ass some love) Hoe, you ain't gettin' no greater, you's a hater Give him 30 in his grill, feed his ass to the gators Fuck him now, fuck him later, niggaz know cause niggaz seen it (seen it) I'm gettin' my money now or get yo' bitch-ass between it (bitch-ass between it) Rawer than Sushi and still swimmin' in the sea I don't know how shit was but I know how shit is finna be (what?) Killin' off the enemy, short stoppin' ya cuts (yeeah) Cuttin' off ya supply cause now your connect workin' for us (okay) Grab the thang and I'm a bust, I ain't scared to do the time So if you wanna fuck wit us, best of have it on ya mind, nigga [Chorus: Lil' Jon] [Verse 2: David Banner] KaySleezy, man it's easy, look, for me to go and bust On pussy-ass niggaz who can't shut the fuck up The Drama-Slap-Ya-Momma King and Mr. Mississippi If it's problems come and get me man, I'll dump 150 Out the (A) K, blowin' my way, make his momma say, "oh my!" Niggaz die, I roll around high All the dro clicked out bustin' the .44 If ya really buck girl, then you slap that hoe Knock her out Bitch look, ya know what I'm about Born fair If ya real then put it in the air Big guns, big funds and real big wheels Go on hit him in his chest and watch his body windmill Aw FUCK, David Banner is comin' out the cut All I got in this world is my word and my nut - fuck nigga [Lil' Jon talking] + (David Banner) Yo we gotta let these (yeah) niggaz know what they gettin' When they fucking startin' wit that bullshit [Chorus: Lil' Jon] [Verse 3: Baby D] Motherfucker want it, get done up Packin' heat out the summer BLAOW! BLAOW! in the crowd Now watch the crowd go ball And this here (yeeah) about the clip and (hoe) they dug it (hoe) And givin' blood up (come on) I'm too fast for 'em Mr. Potato (oh) Head (ooh), nigga then slid and mash on Clash on 'em (yeeah), harass 'em (yeeah) Flash 'em (yeeah) wit a full tank of gas Then put this (oh) in ya ass Wit acid (yeeah), without a reason (hoe) ain't leakin' But (come on) how my tolerance is limited Got 'em smokin' like chimney, leave ya body dumpin' like Jimmeny You the enemy that envy me (hoe) it's a sin to be (come on) Friends wit these niggaz who ain't kin to me Family, countin' (ooh) the problems, when we jump off probably Hard and he soft (hey), I was taught (hoe) Uh, (come on) when you done wit 'em (what?), they better not be able to walk Don't talk (yeeah) and let your answers speak for ya (for ya) The block ain't hot until it boil I love the block (yeeah) like hot pot did Donald Boyle (ooh) I make bread on the soil [Chorus: Lil' Jon] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Bun B, Lil' Boosie, Nicole Wray, Webbie Album: More Than Just a DJ Song: Hustle Game Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Nicole Wray] H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous So when you see me I'm just gettin paper, paper H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous [Verse One: Bun B] Say! I'm a trill ass nigga, wait let me define I'm down for my issue with that bread on my mine I'm built for that big boy shit like Depends And outside of the fam, we ain't got no friends I got a couple priors a couple pendin We know you ain't a gangsta hoe so stop pretendin I checked your resume it don't compute If ya bought this and sold that where's ya loot? I know you don't wanna compare ya hustle game with me Your cards two years old and your chain is three Bitch you can't hang with me, and it's plain as day Your niggas ain't got it in 'em then swing this way Your reputation is built on bullshit So the four fifth I pull quick and give you the full clip I didn't want to but I had to do it Since I did it for the hood I was glad to do it, nigga!!!! [Chorus: Nicole Wray] H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous So when you see me I'm just gettin paper, paper H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous [Verse Two: Webbie] Look! I'm trill young savage I'm the youngest of the fam Bad bitch long hair good weed in the air Got a ounce of that kush no seeds up in there Virgin bitch tight puss had to squeeze up in there When a nigga hit the do' you know it G's up in here It got cold all the pussy niggas freeze up in here Me, Slay, Bad Azz, Bun B up in here Four G's see we all blow trees we don't care Mac 10 snuck it in for the clowns 'round here Make a motherfucker sit they ass down somewhere Had some niggas outside waitin 'round somewhere Headline on channel nine you got found somewhere I'm a laugh my ass off blowin a pund somewhere With two big flippers and some gowns and some slippers Hot metal like the weather more clips than the Clippers Savage Life in stores now 'gon get it nigga SO!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Nicole Wray] H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous So when you see me I'm just gettin paper, paper H-U-S-T-L-E Get yo' game up, game up Don't be walkin 'round tryin to blame us, blame us We be everywhere we street famous, famous [Verse Three: Lil' Boosie] Look! Some say I talk alot of shit well I was raised wrong Coke dealers who got tired of bein broke niggas I'm walkin outside with the four five yeah! I can't be scared drinkin purple to the head Permit the scene yeah we leanin in that boot nigga Heroin got niggas gone so we shoot quicker They call us country cause we thuggin in a small county City folk they ain't grateul for their good surroundings I run that shit that make the real nigga stand up It's Boosie Bad Azz trap like and what!! Asylum signed me, now a nigga find me On B.E.T. with W-E-E-D I.E. Ninety eight, I'm an underground hard hitter How you spit how you spit it? God nigga Kay Slay I'm underrated and I promise you I'm fittin to hit the rap game and this what I'm a do Fuck I don't love like Rosa Parks hit the bus Niggas in the south spittin but them niggas ain't us (THEY AIN'T US!!!) We drank tusk, smoke purp with the DipSet Grip teks, and hit niggas in they flippin neck All I want is my respect, I ain't 'gon say nothin else I'm a let the case rest Boosie Bad Azz!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Bun B, Dorrough, Jay Rock, Papoose, Twista, Young Chris Album: More Than Just a DJ Song: Layed Out Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: DJ Kay Slay's Hot 97 Intro] WARNING!!!! (WARNING!!!!) WARNING!!!! (WARNING!!!!) WARNING!!!! (WARNING!!!!)  THE DRAMA KING IS IN THE BUILDING!!!! THE DRAMA KING IS IN THE BUILDING!!! [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] (Bun B) Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out (OK) Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody (Lay 'em out then) [Verse One: Bun B] II Trill gladiator Rap-A-Lot soldier Fingers up, haters down, niggas should have told ya Lookin down on this team you must be on meth (Meth) We nothin but them riders and we ridin to the death (Death) Ya better make a left 'fore it won't be alright (Right) Cause when niggas get the ridin bitch we ridin all night (Night) And you'll be amazed (Mazed) When we get to disrespectin  Niggas like we Kanye, at the VMA's, hold up! [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out, some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid, some-some-some-somebody [Verse Two: Twista] Let 'em know it's all good even though they know that Twis' misunderstood Say slick, talk shit, I wish (I Wish) You Would (You Would) I ride (I ride) Stay strapped (Stay strapped) I box (I box) I roll (I roll) And if we get into then I won't hit ya with the knuckles I'm a hit ya with the black fo' fo' So cold, If I see ya in the club and the bitch started the knockout I let ya know you better holla mayday I'm a call lord then I'm folks that wanna get you stuck then I'm a hop and call Kay Slay Stop a motherfucker I say really, then and furthermore I roll up and stuff him like a Philly Pop a motherfucker like a pill or wheelie If the Twista wanna drop a motherfucker get the milli Cause... [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody [Verse Three: Papoose] Somebody gon' get laid out, pull the gauge out, blow his brains out  He tough, let it hang out, pus, let it drain out Pull the shank out, cut his vein out Nigga came out with his chain out and his shades out And his braids out, said he hates East and he hates South Talkin with a hate mouth, I'll smack the taste out Now he stashed in a bodybag with his head out Shotty blast, everybody dash when I bang out I give orders like take-out He ain't wanna play the house, but he's aced out Whatchu fist fightin for? Whacha face 'bout? I put the +Flava to Ya Ear+ when the +Mack+ blow the +Craig+ out Make 'em hit the ground like the {?} threw his leg out Scream at the crowd, where they ball we ain't came out And show him with the Auto like T-Pain mouth Pa-POOSE, Pa-POOSE, I'ma show 'em what my name 'bout! [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody [Verse Four: Dorrough] Say, somebody hit 'em (hit 'em!) That shit talkin gon' get 'em stomped up Yea - better hope the shoe don't fit 'em If it do (whaaaaa??), you through Fuck you and yo' crew I don't move, the goons shootin out the blue (Br-r-r-RAT!!) Turn this bitch into a hoe into a serenade, getcha whole body sprayed 47 AK, now ya ass +Kay Slayed+ UP!! Boy, you got me fucked up Keep bumpin ya gums, getcha mouth tied up (Bitch!) [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody [Verse Five: Young Chris] Bodybags Balboa bitch I got a "ay" for your Rocky ass Leavin holes all up in yo' face, like a hockey mask Want drama let it be, put 'em under Pleasure P Put 'em to the test and see, bet you niggas rest in P-E-A-C-E, too raw for TV Meet your maker +Final Destination+ hater 3D I murder production y'all boys can't see me Got a better chance beatin a murder with a P.D. [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody [Verse Six: Jay Rock] Who followed me home?! Drop it like Angola stones Poppin my disc is like poppin ya dome with the K/Kay, +Slay+ rappers in the circumference of the own home It's my world, see my face in the ozone? (Whoo!) Before I was on the cover of magazines I was loadin up, duckin for cover with magazines Clips like a hairdresser, getcha doobie clean Welcome to Hell mister, I own niggas and cheese [Chorus: 50 Cent Sample] Somebody 'gon get layed the fuck out some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid the fuck out  Some-some-some-somebody 'gon get laid some-some-some-somebody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Bun B, D-Block, G-Unit, Papoose & Ray J Album: You Heard of Us (Remix) 12" Song: You Heard of Us (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Sheek Louch] Yeah! Streetsweepers!!! Aiyyo Kay Slay I've been wantin to say this right! THIS IS THE REMIX! YEAH! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me [Verse One: Sheek Louch] OWWWWWW!!! Lower the semi the engine is Henny Playin Big Pun on my way from visitin Remy (Hold ya head ma!) Yeah I need juice, sour diesel and dark shades Liquor in my cup, doin 90 on the Palisades  Hammer on my waist, act stupid then it's right in your face (WHATTUP!) Sheek crazier than Max B losin his case (IT'S WAVY BABY!!!) One DJ, two turntables, no replay Women love your boy (HELLO!!!) Sheek Cool J [Verse Two: Bully] Rookie on the block a veteran with a glock I ain't Big or Pac Bully got his own lane Yeah I'm with The LOX but Bully got his own brain Two dancers with me like the homey Daddy Kane I like D.O.A. but holla at me T-Pain Yeah I'm big but my shooters the size of Lil' Wayne (Mini!) Keep the fame, I take another zero on it It ain't unless the Ghost, Pinero's on it [Verse Three: Styles P] Dolla bills and good chron', hood don Keys when the LOX there, fuck nigga pop (Pop off!) Knockin Biggie in the new whip, roofless Ain't Cool J, but the play god witta pool stick +In Too Deep+, way too street Talkin peace, save that shit for the Hindu's beef (C'mon, B!) My gun long, from the bed to where the window reach (Leave that alone...) Talk to shit to D-Block nigga and end yo' speech, bitch! [Verse Four: Jadakiss] EH-HEEEEEH!!! Yeah, yo... They all hatin, even the ones gettin money They all Satan and go both ways, they all datin (haha) Shorty wit the doobie in the car waitin (Hold on...) You know the god, I'm M6 and the R8'n 'F' the world, in other words, screw the nation My word play is excruciatin (pain) These niggas is just hallucinatin, and keep tweekin But I'm the trustee, so it's job The Street Sweeper, what! [Verse Five: Tony Yayo] I kill a snake in the grass I'm the mongoose One phone call boy let the goons loose (BOOM!) Then Kay got a hundred round verse I need a hundred on the show I need 50 on a verse Yeah! I got the riches but a nigga need God in his life for them spiritual wishes FUCK BITCHES!!! Look at what they did to McNair  These rappers lookin like a bunch of ants in a Leer Everybody wanna be on every hooper in the hood wanna be the boy that dunked on LeBron Like Jordan, Xavier, you can have that girl I ain't savin her I'm like Rakin nigga, I Move The Crowd R.I.P. To Michael Jackson moonwalkin in clouds Yeah the Full ten loud so forget that three eighty D-Block and G-Unit we the most shady!!! [Verse Six: Bun B] II Trill is in the building! Hide ya broad And tuck ya chain, you lyin to lame, we goin hard! (Goin hard!) We rollin deep and we known to put the pressure down (Down!) You not built for this business, don't make me test you clown (Clown!) Pound for pound, I'm the best thang spittin Stay throwed, stay hittin in the fresh outfit and It's hard to do it like me (me) when my Jordans' don't come out 'til Christmas and my Nike's is iD (D!) Me a hater? Why be one? Please! I tell you what, playa, slap a hater when you see one (One!) The streets we run, I don't mean joggin Talkin 'bout break bread or get it in the noggin We in the house like a recluse And while you drinkin Gatorade, we sippin Trill O.G. Juice Get it poppin from the get-go, slow it down Like you out of petro 'fore them shooters let go [Verse Seven: Papoose] How you 'gon see me on a E-Dubb track? Your album was a brick call it re-up rap You don't got no street knowledge you don't build Leg shooter claimin you so real How you gonna shoot a nigga in his calf muscle you don't kill Your bullets go to the Cavs like Shaquille O'Neal Gotta find ways that we all could eat So we move that white girl like Dawson's Creek Rappers is unstable so they thoughts is weak I'm stable like the places where the horses sleep Yeah they got grams but they grams just ain't right My grams is like a hammerhead shark, great white When I'm bangin at you homey I ain't the leg type I'll head tap 'em like a bitch do when the braids tight Think you hot cause they log on to your fake site?! I wanna see if they can log on to your grave site [Verse Eight: Lloyd Banks] Uh, Prada good in 80s', new Mercedes, few ladies New York City's baby, got the projects goin crazy Pay me everything up front, we got the pumper money happy Look at me, my earrings POP like Pappy Get at me! I'm chromey, make it shake all by my lonely I done bust so many bottles, now the wattress want boney Trick on me, her miss cologne me, her favorite homey I'm stoney, she'll David Blow-me as I get cozy Play the corner like posey, frozey, with a u-zi Hennessy and Rosie, can't a single woman hold me Guns don't stop bullets, so err'body packin One boy, you ain't strapped, you done, won't be long 'fore the casket come There's ya mourning god, hood hero, fallen star Local broad, fallin car, Chronic out the jar To my table of the bar, model stay but I'm star Livin god, bar for bar, haters stop me, naw! [Chorus: Ray J] Yeah I know you heard of us, the murderous, most shady D-Block, Ray J you better watch your lady We pop bottles in the club on the daily And I buss a nigga head if he ever try to play me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Bali, Blood Raw, Brisco, Bun B, Lil Scrappy, Rock City, Shawty Lo Album: We Global Song: Final Warning Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [The Inkredibles]: It's so incredible Intro: [DJ Khaled] Yeah it's the DJ Khaled Khaled Khaled I do this for the projects! I got the Mothafuckin Gutta on this track I got the projects on this one! Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who you callin Nothing can save you know Shotta youts will run up in your apartment So you betta mind where you walkin God damn man can to your target Nothin can save you know [Bun B] See you dun push the wrong button And Cross the wrong line Stepped on the wrong shoe Muthafucka it was mine Time and time they get me out the tandem Me are da true I traded mine in For caveman king You don't wanna fuck with the Southside Gotcha boys Ya'll ain't know trill ass niggas Ya'll some boxy boys And pull shots on boys Scattered like a roach And put that on the fifth I'm the nigga you don't wanna approach [Blood Raw]: I was raised in the heart of the jungle The belly of the beast And this lick here sweet I'm so flawed You can put me on the front line Ass back nicks I don't represent the gun shy Thing about the Street life Homie I live Wear my heart on my sleeve And niggas gotta fear life From the bottom to the top East to the west All I gotta say is Khaled Nigga we the Best Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who you callin Nothing can save you know [Ace Hood] Yo Bdah Bdah Bdah Khaled go let me see em Hand me the fucking clever Cause I got a fucking fever For all the evil Kinevel people  who try to stunt Call me Danny Glover I'm lethal this ain't no sequel Shoot you people while you sleepin The grim reaper is out to lunch Put holes in you mouth so you can't be found And Khaled got my back He gon shoot a hundred rounds Bdddddddddddddah So say hello to death If you ever in my town [Brisco] I came from the eggs of a goddess And the balls of a gigolo All I had was 2 ounces An old chevy and figuro Blood shed apart my feet And bad vibes got a nigga rockin voodoo deep Lord forgive me I know not a better way And pop has tried to stick me Damn I need some better ye Ring the Alarm Tell em people come come Look at what the fuck the Briscgun YEAH! It's the Final Warning! [Bali] Khaled these niggas talkin I'm an orphin And leave a hole in his head Like a dolphin Fuck a hole in one Ain't golfin' I'mma put his whole unit in a coffin Cause any nigga fuck wit my pocket I'mma open his ass off Like suicide doors Any badass niggas Y'all scared of that lake I'mma tell you once don't be scared of the dre Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who your callin Nothing can save you know [Lil Scrappy] I'm usually cool But know I gotta bet back I tried telling ya Ain't wit'cha death threats I let my nigga know Tell em go hammer that And it ain't gon take all day We know where you live at Ill bet ya hide from ya neighbors Keep em mad shawty That's how we kill em babies Holla Khaled And tell him Im on the way now I just had to hit a lick in the A-Town [Shawty Lo] Look at me it's shawty So bossy And I don't feel like that Can't stop me now Ya See what's Haapnin Big shit dun popped off I'm the best nigga you can ask Khaled you can ask Khaled you can ask Khaled I'm the best nigga Chorus: [Rock City] You have no idea why you started But guess this is your final warning And boy we don't care who your callin Nothing can save you know Shotta youts will run up in your apartment So you betta mind where you walkin God damn man can do your target Nothin can save you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Bun B, U.S.D.A. (Young Jeezy) Album: Listennn... The Album Song: Gangsta Shit Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] Now I ain't really got time for the he say she say yellin ova tracks like a motherfuckin DJ Dey beggin for attention I'm beggin for a reason masked up get these straps yeh it's unseasoned These niggas broke they joke laugh at you niggas sit back and smoke (Ha-Ha) gangsta shit duffle bag full of bricks Add it all up save for the chips HOLY GUACOMOLE! datz a whole lot dip 12 months, run that's a whole lot of flips well bury ya today datz a whole lot of trips say he got six chevys now that's a whole lot of whips (What's up) Gangsta shit gangsta shit the way I do my thang gansta shit gangsta shit I'm just a young ghetto nigga with a big azz chain [Verse 2: Slick Pulla] You recreate a shield you betta respect us betta understand the game, these checks, not checkers two chunked out chains we call dem double deckers you comin for that saint nigga we bound to wreck ya My niggas add flavor to the game like zeteran bitch my 25th tool I'm a concrete veteran We eat wheat niggas up like corn on the cob you a hustla, naw don't quit ya day job! [Verse 3: Blood Raw] Errbody claim reson errbody kno the game I call dem trap actors half the niggas lame but on the real shit Felons still tow the heap real thug bread O.G. like Bun B Jeezy from the hood Slick from the gutta we to real ova here to fall out like Cash Money brothers Naked boy smith ran for Evan Smith Ross facin life and that's rich now that's Gangsta Shit! [Verse 4: Bun B] Cali gon cali ridin tall in his saddle pullin up low and with that choppa I'm ready for battle it's gangstas from San Francisco and up to Seattle We ain't with all that snitchin shit so mane go and get tattle I'm a dirty south legend and thou shall honor the team from the land of the long hard Where we home sellin D get that dirt weed local not the indo ship not to mention the gallons of promenthezine that we sip The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Bun B, Paul Wall Album: We the Best Song: Hit Em Up Typed by: dusan_fresh@hotmail.com [Chorus: Paul Wall] I'm comin down, I'm actin bad I'm chunkin dueces and I'm choppin up the slab I'm comin through, I'm tippin dime I'm sho a naked and I'm straight actin a clown [x2] [Bun B] I'm a certified D-boy, a real big nutta A candy car strutta that be sittin' on butta Comin' straight up out the gutta with the cordaless cutta Man, what is that? The Chinese choppa that likens Mr. Studda What a fucked up predicament (Damn), a scary scenario Automatics in ya face have you preparin' ya burial They tracin' tha weapon after you scratch off the serial Leaves you up like cereal, there it is and there we go Some bad Didos ridin' off in tha wind and Nigga we got all ya soft in ya hands so don't pretend Like this ain't what it was (was) or we ain't what you say (say) I'll make a high cappa or court fraud light in tha day Cause in the middle of the street in height of tha traffic Watch what you say when we meet cause they know might get yo ass kicked End up in a pickle like a Vlasic, UGK nigga We cost like a foreign but get respect like a classic motherfucker [Paul Wall] This Paul Wall, baby, Swishahouse spokesperson Choppin up tha slab, spokes turnin, bobbies searchin Shoppers splergin, Caked up cause my pockets swoll I'm callin plays, pullin broads, I just think and roll I'm from that lone star, tippin dime dat candy car Get it shined on 59, Lean and tuck I'll cut some more Hoes wanna who we are, Fathers wanna know what we get Hatas wanna talk down a knot, but they just mad cause they ain't hot They ain't got the cash that I got, They don't know what my hood 'bout They don't know about trunks that pop on Lambo's that blaze tha chop Countin cash and stackin not, South victory back to Scott Crawlin like big crocodile, I'm diamond smile and Johnny watch I'm with my partner, box, you and you and not with 'cho Rick boy, yeah that's fo' sho', breakin em off, you already know Drive slow like Kanye West, and Branyan Wayans, and Manny Mesh A Swishahouse chain on my chest, I keep it fresh, We are the best The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Birdman, Bun B, Schife, Soulja Boy Album: Victory Song: Rockin' All My Chains On Typed by: AZ Lyrics Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on [Verse 1] Right Gotem goin crazy like I just came home With this bud be it khaled You know that it's a winner You know I got the yams like a thanksgiving dinner I'm trappin on ham like a thanksgiving dinner And bringin a drummer like I'm mr. thansgiving nigga The game it's switched up In white winter black So gimme ? hook me up the fact though Mo money mo ice I ain't buying no price swear I'm on that one time They lookin' so nice These old ladies saying he look like a low life I'm in the foreign with a foreign makin your wife Got me a piece of a pie Now where's your slice. Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home [Verse 2] Shawty in lights Roll another dice Big money bitch Cash money life Flip another chicken Bought another chicken Cook another chicken Fucked her in the kitchen Pack another meal Hot up in the feel Always strapped Me and khaled in the hill Diamond close to ice Fly poppin flights Uptown solider spit the meal on the watch And as I proceed to make some more G's Represent my city Shoe for bee Uptown G's YMC B's Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home [Verse 3] Soulja Boy Tell em 10 diamond chains on my neck I called DJ Khaled because I know we the best ? can't never cup another check And I'm down in Miami Ridin in the phantom Somewhere by south beach Soulja boy tell em Got a million dollar mouth piece On my dog mutha fucker dead leash Put your lighters in the sky Soulja boy tell em Work in the kitchen ? money on my phone I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home It's time to hit the club Rockin' all my chains on All my chains on Rockin' all my chains on I might hit the club Rockin' all my chains on Gotem goin crazy like I just came home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Ace Hood, Birdman, Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Fat Joe, Jadakiss    Ludacris, Mavado, The Game, T-Pain, Twista, Waka Flocka Flame  Album: We the Best Forever Song: Welcome to My Hood (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] (T-Pain) I'm f'real about this shit! This the remix! (Welcome to my hooooood, hee-eee) Let's go! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! Where the hood at? - Remix! [Chorus: T-Pain] (DJ Khaled) Welcome to my hooooood - Everybody know everybody And if I got it, everybody got it, uh! Welcome to my hooooood - Look at all these old school Chevys' 24's so you know we roll heavy, uh! (Y-M-C-M-B!) Welcome to my hooo-ooooo-oood - Where they gettin fly +Like a G6+ and everybody know this is the remix Welcome to my hooooood - Dem boys'll put you down on your knees (Miami Dade County, 305) WHOOP! WHOOP! That's the +Sound of Da Police+ in my hood! (We the Best Music!) [Verse One: Ludacris] Stop playin wit 'em! LUDA! Everybody on the corner with the works slangin and bangin in front of that liquor sto' Blowin money cause I live life fast, so this bottle full of 'gnac I'ma sip it slow Singles double when triple beams take over Now holla cause these Impalas got extreme makeovers (WOO!) Couches covered in plastic, babies all in the street, now Wear the wrong color catch a Rodney King, beatdown! Kids hit with switches, mommas is quotin scriptures While Luda's gettin head, mo' gums than baby pictures (WOO!) Cock my 40-Glock and my partner just bought a replica Now Asians sayin they don't keep no cash in they register (hurry up and buy!) We run from red and blue LIGHTS to get the green But whoever got that WHITE, is "winnin" like Charlie Sheen! [Verse Two: T-Pain] HEY! Teddy Pain! (Teddy Pain!) Bad man! (Bad man!) Mix shots - BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM bang! Man +We the Best+ nevertheless, you know we get it hot! FIRE flame flame FIRE FIRE flame! Put me on the track and I'ma really let a muh'fucker feel it when I do it how I do it what I do If a nigga really wanna test (come and test) you can bet that I'ma eat him all day - FUCK FOOD! 8-5-0 what I represent (sent) Talla-home Florida president Me and DJ Khaled got these haters lookin hesitant (yeah) So keep all of that wackness out my EAR (BYOO, BYOO) That's the sound of yo' CAREER in my hooooood.. [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] {*Bell Rings*} I hope you niggas got your ringside seats!!! 'Cause it's whoop ass season (COMIN TO A HOOD NEAR YOU!!!) Everybody know what happen when you see me comin (BACK UP!!!!!!) I be hurdlin then got you regurgitatin and murderin everything (GUNSHOT) (BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP!!!!!) (Y'ALL KNOW WHAT IT IS!!!) I'm comin to get it in Enough of the block and I'm runnin the hood and nothin can top it You could Google it or you could search on how a nigga come and Lock up impossible for you to stop it!!!! (MORE FIRE DUN DI PLACE!!!!) Blackout and heat di bed yuh know a ease di dread I probably need di medical situation because the way I'm fuckin everything I tell di people dem!!! Why you try to do when you already know I'm the king with it And you don't wanna come behind me with it bro I KILLED THIS SHIT!!! I AIN'T GOTTA RHYME NO MO'!!!! [Verse Four: Twista] (T-Pain) (*Twista Adlibs) (**Mavado) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) Welcome to my hood where board members of faculty Backin me if you ever try and tackle me That could be when I eat 'em especially when I beat 'em When you see a bunch of killers and hustlers on the side of me I'm an anomaly to 'em, put 'em on crutches for suckin their verses Such as the one that's kickin a ruckus Much as I smoke a dutchess and model bitches that cut us And motherfuckers and lovers and enemies wanna touch us I'ma spit a flow as if it was a sin (*WHAT!) Then the gangstas are best with me forever see I find a fo' put in on a pen (**Ayyyyyyy!!!) Then you know to never test with me it'll be a +Category F5+ (**ANYWAAAAAYYYYYYYYY!!!!) Let 'em in the military with automatic weapons so let's ride Love to the hunters and everybody that runnin them north and the whole city comin from the Westside!!! (**WHAPPEN TO DEM!!!!) [Verse Five: Mavado] (T-Pain) Come to di Gully weh we nuh tek baddup Big spliff inna mi hand and Hennessy inna mi cup Yuh see di gal weh we have up it's like some angels a duck Dem phat and grab up! Yah hear mi!!! Ha Ha!!! When yuh pass di gate, greet mi at di entrance Violate, straight death sentence Yuh live yuh must be great to be a snake nuh repentance We comin at yuh wid vengeance (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!!) [Verse Six: DJ Khaled] Never slippin, I'm ballin, Puff keep on callin I don't see none of you pussies (I ain't tryna hear that shit!) Fuck that shit groupie talkin Rep Miami the ghetto (Dade County), every hood and the projects And when I drop off my singles, I'm droppin one of my targets Lord forgive me for my siiiiins I gave you hits, I gave you "All I Do is Wiiiin" (I won't stop) I live this shit and We the Best it's no preteeeend I'm touchin millions, throwin hundreds in this biiiiiiitch! [Verse Seven: Birdman] Yeah, Uptown Swagged out, let's get it (Ah-AH! Ah-AH!) R-Real nigga #1, hustle fly with my son I come from Uptown, G5 Tommy Gun Red flag everyday, hundred mil' ready to spray Swagged out nigga, Bugatti with the paper plate B-B-Blowin on some good, nigga (on some good, nigga) feelin good, nigga (feelin good, nigga) Stunna Island, me and Khaled on the WOOD, nigga (on the wood, nigga) You understand? Shinin like I know we should Birdman YMCMB, we good nigga! [Verse Eight: Ace Hood] (Brownwaaaay!) A-A-Ace Hood in this bitch hoe, kickin down in yo' front door Knock knock, you hear the Glock cock and that thing pop on that fo-fo' (BR-R-R-RAT!) Posted on in that same block, I'm in the drop top with that bank roll Y-Young nigga, I'm out chea, cain't name a place that I cain't go Ridin 'round with 'bout 50 grand and they wonder what do that safe hold Middle fanger them feds and that's what I pledge a part of my G-code Man, FUCK them prosecutors, hustla connoisseur 'Cause +We the Best Forever+, make sure you spread the rumor bitch~! [Verse Nine: Fat Joe] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Cooked coke, hard rock, stashed in the body shop Only way to break them bricks down is karate chops Niggaz gettin left right in front of the marble precinct Leave 'em like them Jordans' - red dot, leakin I'm fifteen when I first started coppin pies You forty-six just turnin Blood, stop it five It's like the only way to make it is supplyin things Hoop dreams dunkin over cars, let the choir sing [Verse Ten: The Game] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yo it's that black raw, black dawg, pullin up on that black hog Compton that's my backyard, that's where I used to get them sacks off But now I got platinum plaques in the back of the back and I'm back with Dre again Aftermath, We the Best, me and Khaled, Dre and Em "Detox", "RED" - that's back to the back, step in the club with my hat to the back Nigga I'm so hood even though I'm livin good niggaz still in the V.I.P. strapped with a gat Drop a couple stacks then it's back to the trap couple hoes in the back, red wheels on the 'llac Redrum if you try niggaz, Westside! Throw it up, now! [Verse Eleven: Jadakiss] (*T-Pain) (*WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) They knockin packs off (off) they lettin gats off (off) Medicaid, benefit card, scratch-offs Savin every dime (yeah) tryin to choke a quarter And they ain't sellin crack (nah) they sellin Coke and water Smokin or you snortin, they coppin all the Jordans (yeah) Nothin's more important, steal 'em if you can't afford 'em (yep) I'm gettin to the money (money) I need another comma Some of 'em love the drama (yeah) more than they love they momma [Verse Twelve: Bun B] (T-Pain) (WELCOME TO MY HOOD!!!) Yeah, welcome to the land of the Trill where everybody walkin with they hand on the steel And the model is a supply and demand and he will you been outta line with the wrong man and get killed Where you damned if you will, damned if you won't lot of dudes sayin that they can when they don't And a lot of boys sayin that they G's but they ain't mess around get laid down in the paint Better do what you say, say what you do 'fore I come around your hood broad day with the crew They got them fists, A-R's, AK's and them twos and they will gladiate all day, what it do? (What it do?) R.I.P. to the trillest that did it, to my G's on lockdown acquitted Think I'ma stop reppin P.A.T.? Forget it! (get it, get it) [Verse Thirteen: Waka Flocka Flame] (RIVER-DALLLLLLLLE~!!! WAKA! FLOCKA! WAKA! FLOCKA!) Welcome to Clayton County, my house got surrounded The enemies tryna drown me, but my hood still around me (RIVERDAAAAALE!!!) Rookie of the year, no "Freshman" cover Shawty sixteen years old, with FO' baby mothers!! First rapper ever to jump off the stage on BET (Uh-huh!) And since Pac, go to Hollywood and keep it street (WEEEEST-SIIIIDE, UH!!) First Wooh to put T. Rodgers on the TV Everyday it's a party on Grove Street [Outro: DJ Khaled] "We the Best Forever" June 28 It's gon' be a hot summer! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Do or Die f/ Bun B Album: Get That Paper Song: Hey Ma Typed by: abcthc_2003@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Mmmh Ain't this some shh Here's another one Here's another one yup [Chorus 2x] Hey ma what's up you right I'm right throwback too tight tonight sho night shotgun we ride P-O P-I-M-P-I-N [Verse one] Fire up a swisher sweet hop off in my jeep got my throwback on On the celly phone I done bump this chick named vanessa got it goin on I'ma wax that ass give her one map then send her home Headed to the mo she got my knee's knockin pulled over by the park Now my jeeps rockin oh......nananana mmm.....lalalala Momma's bad with it ass is so pretty let me hit it from the back While she talks dirty fellas let me hit that then walk early Ladies got a women but don't worry she got me gettin at her Baby's feelin betta relax her mind with the ismm then I'm spittin at her Whats mine is mine whats yours is mine the flow is blind I see you not just us now who you trust [Verse two] Well let me pull up to your earpiece and sprinkle some game You ought to be tired of dealin with the same old same time for you To roll with a G and get rid of your lame we some grown ass people Aint no need to be ashamed Bun b is the name king of the trill is my label dont you worry bout a thang Cause I'm willin and able Not to mention lock loaded and cocked ready to rock so close the curtains Turn the lights off and unplug the clock Wanna knock you off and knock you down You dont need nobody else so let me lock you down Not with handcuffs baby but with real talk cut a corner with me Let me show you how the trill walk You can tell that I'm the king by how I move through the city And I can make it a queen and move through it with me I can tell that your ready I can see that your down So hop your ass off in the caddy girl lets light up the town [Verse three] You lookin badder then ever tighter than prada gucci suede leather Drop the top in this wheather Bend the block with a glock and a dime on my side Pretty ? and fendi plus I gotta have a lot of that henny With the paper to fold Spreewells spin while the h-s-e roll Now tell me a-k you cold Plus ladies love the way that we flow Wanna sit and get blowed At the front stairway of a luxury condo Come out of her clothes In her bedroom with the springs up and rockin When I handle my function Bounce back on the e-way whats poppin Put the clip in the glock in roll to the westside call up my chopper But the head was too proper got to the point where I really couldn't Stop her 25 with thick thighs And she likes to ball with pimp than rich guys And she rides by word and I got her locked like dro and good herb She wanna splurge ?? next week up on the same old thang Kickin the same cold game Let her know that she dealin with the same old lame I got paper to check plus the number one rule is M-o-b-p-o-p-i-m-p from d-o-d holla [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Bun B Album: Young Sweet Jones Song: Put it Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Bun B] Now when it come to makin money I'm a printin press And when it come to bein trill I'm the litmus test Run it like a fitness test And when it come to makin +HIStory+ I'm like Joe's son A million ways to die and you already chose one A million dollars stacked, it sounds like a good beginnin We on the top now, go back and tell the hood we winnin And while you're there, let 'em know I did it just for them I made 'em cough the cash up and left 'em just the phlegm Is that the +King of the Trill+? Go tell 'em yes it's him And his testosterone is up, who's got the estrogen? I like your girl and I think she like me even mo' I hit her with that heave and ho and then I'm leavin bro The Dirty South's finest, and Dirty South's behind this Now that's a plus on the report card, not a minus Keep your security blankets because I'm not your Linus You got a problem with us, you know just the spot to find us [Chorus: Drake] Uhh, since you're tellin on me, tell the world 'bout me Ask your girl 'bout me, she'll probably tell you that I Put it down, put it down You know how I put it down, put it down e'ry time I come around Just bought a car, the nigga Pimp owned it I threw some tints on it, he would've loved it how I Put it down, put it down You know how I put it down, put it down e'ry time I come around [Bun B] They know I'm in the Port Arthur state of mind Southern superstar status, I elevate the grind My time is money so I put some money on my time Lightenin on the Breitling, so excitin when you see the shine We on the level those before us never even thought of I broke my bread and fed my team just like the Holy Father I helped the blind to see and kept it G just like I oughta The only thing that's left for us to do is walk on water We playin all four quarters 'til the clock expire So 'til I see the ref wavin I will not retire My flow is still official, and I still got the fire Can't take your eyes off me, like when you watch "The Wire" And in oh-10, we fin' to go in So let the opposition know that there is no win And I am no friend, so put your hand down And tell 'em stand down, before it's man down [Drake] Yeah, uhh... Round, I got a hundred girls in each phone Drizzy Drake mayne, "Young Sweet Jones" I never cheat unless you count the girls I cheat on I know you can't bring every single one you meet home Homesick just when I thought I was sick of home Losin track of time, every day we switchin zones Drizzy Hendrix, I'm just backstage gettin stoned "Thank Me Later" man, a million copies shipped and gone Overboard nigga, I'm quoted more nigga Results are in, I guess you should've voted more nigga Swimmin in the money, I'll just float ashore nigga Never drownin, what the fuck you think this boat is for nigga? Yeah, I'm quick to take an R&B diva out I'll bring some friends, she bring some friends that know what we about And when it's done I'll put my slippers on and see 'em out And tip the driver to make sure he take the scenic route I swear these women livin like they tryin to write a book after But I'm just really tryin keep it G for my chapter Listen to my words, see just what I mean Rest in peace to Chad Butler, every day I'm +Ridin' Clean+ Damn~! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: So Far Gone Song: Uptown Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lil Wayne - Intro] Yah... Uh-huh... [Drake - Verse 1ne] Uh... hardly home but always reppin... You hardly on and always second... When I'm awake, you always restin... And when they call you the answer, you are hardly ques-tion I, I'm doin classic shit in all my sessions Other niggas' situations, they are all depressin  That's why I never follow y'all suggestions  I just always did my own thang  Now I run the game, you stupid mutha-suckas  I see all these money through my +Ohio State Buckeyes+  Shit been goin good, but good can turn to better  'Cause you the type to lose 'er, and I'm about to get 'er.... [Chorus: Drake] It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay  You can run and tell your friends that I'm on I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on Best believe I understand it's okay, it's okay, it's okay It's okay, it's okay, it's okay  You can run and tell my city I'm on I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, c'mon You can run and tell my city it's on [Drake - Verse 2wo] Yeah... wrong way down a one-way  Women don't get saved 'round me, even on a Sunday Damn, where I get it from? These niggas always wonder who  Then they meet my pop and tell 'em, "Drake is just a younger you"  And shawty wanna party, so don't let yo' girl up out the house  or there'll be shots on TMZ of me givin her mouth-to-mouth..  Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her I drive two black cars, I named 'em Malcolm X and Martin Luther I don't ever play, but I'm in the game la-dy  They just lose to +love+, those are tennis games, lady  Have you countin money, goin duffle bag crazy  Sippin on Pink Floyd and puffin Wayne Braaaa-dy Damn, +Whose Line is it Anyways?+  I'm in the daze, you been amazed  Y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage I'm on fire, yup I've been a blaze  I got dough to blow, but I wanna blow it right, you look nice  and yo' frame, makes me wanna bowl a strike, well alright  Guess I might, know what? Fuck it, yes I will  I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real  Put it to ya life [Bun B - Verse 3hree] Bun B, king of the trill, also one of the dop-est  Whether the streets or on the mic, I'm dope and yes I'm foc-used  The gangsta recognize me for my loc-ness, no joke, it's  time to shake these haters off like the skin of a lo-cust  or maybe like a py-thon, that's the type o' shit I'm, on  I wrote this on my i-Phone, so let me drop this i-Bomb  I, palm the game like it's a Spalding ball and take, flight  from the free-throw line and slam it down like I'm the great Mike  Bun n' Wayne n' Drake in here, manye this gon' be a great night  Look at all these posers bite our swagger like a great white Try to cross me over I just fake left, then I break, right  Stupid animal tricks like David Letterman's Late Night  This that major moment you've been waitin on for too, long  The best that ever did it and doin it on a new, song UGK and Young, Mone,y too strong  Bound to be in the green like a crou-ton, so what the fuck is YOU, on? [Lil Wayne - Verse 4our] Yeeeeeeh...yaaaaehh... I am the leather jacket, black glasses, All-American bad boy  I own the swagga supermarket and you - you just a bag boy  'cause I got that swag boy, the swag you never have boy  Hate and I will leave ya chest the color of my flag, boy  Su-woo bitch, I do this shit  I'll erase you like I drew you, bitch  And I keep that toasta, you can come and be my strudel, BIIIIIITCH~! I'm so Uptown! and mutha-FUCKA if you ain't, don't +GO+ Uptown, yeaaaah-AHH!! And now I'm on dat rock shit But why they let me in? I'ma start shootin in a moshpit Haha! FUCK is you talkin bout?!  weezy in ya mouth now, Weezy whatchu talkin booooooooooouuuuut Young Mula, bayy-BAAAAAAAAAAAY~! [Lil Wayne - Outro] Yah... Uh-huh... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Pastor Troy, Pimp C, Too $hort Album: Loyalty and Betrayal Song: Doin' the Fool Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-40 talks over intro] Nigga up in this motherfucker I mean I been fuckin with this motherfuckin burgundy carpet pimpin What about you pimpin, I mean I know you fuckin around with that purple bag youknowhatImean? That Crown Royal, oh boy! I mean, we got, we got a whole bunch of player-ass niggaz up in this m'uhfucker right here today We got that nigga.. E-Feezy, Too $hort, knahmean Pimp C up in this motherfucker, nigga Pastor Troy [Too $hort] Damn fool.. I hits free (free) it ain't wholesale Just got through hittin it so well, at a hotel But don't tell (don't tell) I cuss your fuckin ass out bitch Fuck yo' drunk-ass and watch you pass out bitch (beitch) And when you wake up, I tell you anything You fucked me so good bitch, you deserve a wedding ring I practice what I preach, ridin vogues and findin hoes I told her I'd buy some clothes, but I'd be lyin to hoes I ain't buyin her shit, bitch I can't do that I had to jump in my car, and call you a cab Cause I'm out.. you know I'm all about fuckin hella good Take the rubber off I'm in your mouth comin to a town (beatch) near you, real soon.. Infiltratin hoes nigga, we some real fools (real fools) And it's true, and baby girl knows it too Ask her shit, she'll tell you how I do it fool Doin the fool! - Ain't no love motherfucker we breakin the rules Doin the fool! - Niggaz like me ain't got nuttin to lose Doin the fool! - We servin you haters straight off the top Doin the fool! - Just to let you know this shit don't stop [Pastor Troy] Okay okay up next, oh, it's the boss, from the home of the Braves Down here chillin with E-40 cause it's time to get paid C'mon, actin a fool, cause y'all know how I'ma do She fucked me, Pimp C, and $hort too I drank no brew, it's Remi, that special kind Don't fuck with who? My nigga, you out yo' mind Fresh off the grind, my niggaz is the killers Actin a fool bout this motherfuckin scrilla No one no trill'a, but tell them, I'm down mayne Go grab my leather, and get into some gangster shit So if it's cool, it's cool.. But just that quick, I act a fool.. [E-40] But I ain't never been a sucker I ain't never been a mark I ain't never been a busta I ain't never been a simp, potnah I always had heart Papered up hustlin never 'posed to handcuff a beaotch, mon Pimp to the hoe, protect the trick beaotch, mon Be extra mannish (extra mannish) get some skull Purple bag, Crown Royal (Royal)  Gotcha beaotch actin mannish, think she spoiled (spoiled) I'ma Camoli all over her body, she used to that Potnah big 40 had it like that Cadillac (Cadillac) sittin on buttons, 32 valve The DTS (DTS) half a gallon to the mile Platinum chest (platinum chest) lite brite, love to smile What a mess (what a mess) horny fucked me on my desk Kitchen tile (kitchen tile) then she swallowed up the rest Ask me how (ask me how) a fat ass cum shot on her breast She said, "It's been a while since I had sex" (what she say?) She said, "It's been a while since I had sex" (what she say?) (she said, oooh oooh.. oh boy!) 	.. c'mon c'mon, okay okay! .. 	.. c'mon c'mon .. [Pimp C] Comin down in candy car, smokin on some candy bar Everyday I'm choppin blades, comin through on old school maids Got in this game so heavily, just like Frankie Beverly Silly nigga that Southern girl put cocaine up in your world Cause I'm a young ass nigga on the slab Comin through in a whippin Nav' I used to be out on the ave But now all my keys got the Midas stamp Change my name to Sweet Charles Smell like sixty-four dollar cologne Comin down in burgundy Brougham and I keep a chip off in my phone Sweet Charles, bitch! Hold up Smoke somethin.. 	.. c'mon c'mon .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Bun B, Eightball, Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys, Petey Pablo Album: Grit & Grind Song: Rep Yo City Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! hah hah! [4X] [Hook: Lil' Jon + (Petey Pablo)] - 2X Rep yo city! Rep yo city! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Fuck that shit! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Rep yo city! (Rep yo cityyyy!) Rep yo city! Fuck that shit! (Rep yo cityyyy!) [Hook 2: Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys] My niggaz run this bitch! Nah hoe! My niggaz run this bitch! Nah hoe! My niggaz run this bitch! Nah hoe! My niggaz run this bitch! Nah hoe! [Lil' Jon] - 2X Cut loose motherfucker, go bad go hard! In the club motherfucker, go bad go hard! In the truck motherfucker, go bad go hard! Throw it up motherfucker, go bad go hard! [E-40] We 30 deep (30 deep) we bleed the block (bleed the block) We milk the Ave. for damn near e'rythang the Ave. got (Ave. got) We do the fools (do the fools) we act a nut (act a nut) We set it off up in this bitch and tear the club up What it do? What it is pimp juice? We got a car with the cups in the trunk For the thugs and the broads with the G-string drawers up in here straight break it all off (break it all off) Where the big dawgs at? What city or set ya claim? Fame, X.O., several drinks of champagne Hustlers in the game tryna maintain, lost ya chain outta control, we so cold (so cold) I'm on another level (another level) Went head up with the devil (with the devil) I never been a sucka (been a sucka) I always been a rebel (been a rebel) What's your stompin ground? (stompin ground) What turf you from? (turf you from) What's you city playboy (what's yo city?) mine 9-4-5-9-1 Vallejo! That's all I yell (that's all I yell) Speakin of yea' I hope I never have to go back to slangin llello (slangin llello) We fuckin around (fuckin around) like my niggaz out there in Oak Cliff D-Town Puttin it down from my house all the way to yo' house back to the fuckin south! [Hook: 2X] + [Hook 2] [Petey Pablo] Could it be the way that I be reppin (WHYYY!) for my niggaz? Could it be the way that Petey Petey (RIIDE!) for my niggaz? Showin niggaz love (love) raise up motherfucker! You need to be reachin down pullin yo God-damn shirt up, that's love! Wherever you live, wherever you from, wherever you call your home Wherever you lay yo' God-damn Kangol down motherfucker! Wherever you cheddar cheese, churn cream, lick that butter Wherever yo' ass got lots of fat for all that God-damn trunk Y'all niggaz don't understand the seriousness of what Petey be sayin I took a unknown piece land (and planted) a God-damn flag! Say I didn't (DID!) motherfucker I'd die for this I done my God-damn thang, I brought my folks in this somma bitch Hot Atlanta! The Bay Area! Y'all niggaz don't want no noise (noise!) with Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys  (Boys!) Y'all niggaz don't want no shit (shit) with E-40 & The Click (The Click) And you can say whatchu want homeboy (homeboy) I'll always be the one that ill! [Hook: 2X] + [Hook 2] [Bun B] From the land of the trill, where the vanity's real And yo man'll be peeled or at least branded, God-damnit we ill More horror than "Amityville", no sorrow; hand me the steel Your tomorrow I can't even feel - oughta be plannin ya will UGK ain't dropped in a while, but still we stoppin ya smile Keepin boppers in file, standin on top of the pile And you'll get popped with a smile, this ain't bout shoppin and style This bout syrup and candy paint, you see us choppin for miles Out the black and the 'Lac, swingers clap and if they take yo' flax You'll get smacked for your packs, paper stacks and you'll crack-back yo' back Hold up, they got game to sell ya, from drugs to paraphenalia Gun-hand'll never fail ya, ask Rollie B, he'll tell ya [Eightball] Memph', Tenn representer (uhh) Orange Mile nigga (yeah) Symbol of the south, legendary rhyme spitter (uh-huh) From Memphis to Mississippi, deep off in the woods (uhh) From A-T-L to M-I-A, deep off in the hood (yeah) Twankies on coupes (yeah) money-makin sluts (what) You trippin if ya ain't got 22's on ya trucks Dogs in the yard (yeah) pistol on the seat (uhh) Sticky rolled up for them blunt monkey freaks My nigga Earl hollered (whassup) big Ball got it poppin (that's right) Smoked me a couple, hit the studio and dropped it For all my dawgs who keep it G and keep it crunk Represent yo' city, let 'em know where you from [Hook] + [Hook 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ 8 Ball, Bun B Album: My Ghetto Report Card Song: She Say She Loves Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 4X] She say she love me, she - she say she love me She - she say she love me but all we do now is fuck and fight [E-40] If I asked you to rob that bank with me, wouldja do it? Wouldja do you time like Martha Stewart? Wouldja bust a nine, wouldja go to bat? Put your life on the line with me, hit the dope track? Oooh - is you down, would you beat a bootch down? If a pimp couldn't swim, would you let a pimp drown? Wouldja, stop naggin me about last night? (Last night) Two wrongs don't make no right (no right) All we do is fuck and fight Kiss and make up and lay up all night Now bend over while I lay this pipe While I beat the coochie to the broad daylight She say she love me (love me) But when I'm in the studio, she be gettin all ugly (Gettin all ugly... she say she love me) But I could give a fuck 'bout it cause I'm 'bout my money Bendin co'ners, ridin jump off Money long, like Mutumbo Got that tweed, pushin peas Frankenstein, 2-2-3's I'm about my money (money) Hangin out the window throwin up the Playboy bunny Ain't never phony I'ma keep it movin mayne cause I'm always hongry Lil' momma what that is, tell me what'cha name What it be, do you need a lil' Q.T.? A lil' quality time, a lil' bumpin and grind A lil' wine and dine, a lil' movie? A lil' money sometime, a lil' Dolce Gabann' A cherry Louis Vuitton, a lil' jewelry? Why you mad, why you always take it out on me? (on me) Why you always showin out in front of company? (company) [8 Ball] Mannnnnnnn, ain't never seen one look like you cutie Dammmmmmmn, five foot two with a nice round booty You are just my type, I can see it in yo' eyes And I knew that from day one Stayin up all night just chillin Talkin 'bout what we gonna name my son Twenty-fo' seven hustlin The object is not to be broke again Let me get yo' whole paycheck One time when I couldn't pay the rent Now look at your baby Benz With the lil' TV and the crazy rims Big rocks on your hand Tell your friends big daddy bought them Now, on the other hand Here we go again, talkin 'bout "Where the fuck you been?" Always, at the studio In another time zone tryin to get rich Get you for the Zinfandel Fire up one, let you hit the green Niggaz mad, you on my team Cause they know how you move them things Come home, be a momma and a wife and a freak in the bed baby I'm tryin to work Why you gotta call me 100 times like you crazy? Don't play, when the time is right we can get up in the urr and go play Wanna go dere, then stay hurr, and love me e'ryday [Bun B] Well there's a stranger in my house, in my bed Fuckin up my life and my bread Playin mind games all in my head Sometimes I swear you worse than the feds You love a nigga, then hate a nigga Then you love me again man this shit's confusin In the streets hittin licks I'm winnin Comin home fuckin with you man I'm losin (I'm losin) I'm built for drama but not this kind (this kind) Let it slide befo' but not this time (this time) This is the business in this here hustlin You can't be fuckin up this grind (this grind) Man you been doin too much campin (campin) Bumpin your gums and yappin (yappin) Interferin in grown folks business And baby girl I just can't let that happen (happen) I've been out here sweatin this blood Fuckin with cutthroats to get this cake (this cake) But I swear, it seems like the mo' I give ya The more you try to take My heart and my back you try to break I ain't crazy I see the signs Try to steal my light and my shine You must be outta yo' fuckin mind (DAMN!) I just wanted to spoil you Well I guess I succeeded But now you just too fuckin conceited If this is love I don't need it You actin like you the pimp and I'm the hoe (HELL NO) Man I swear to God if your pussy wasn't the bomb I'da left yo' ass a long time ago BITCH! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Bun B, Juelz Santana, Pimp C Album: My Ghetto Report Card Song: White Gurl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [E-40] White girl {*8X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 8X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [E-40] Girl girl {*8X*} [E-40] I throw the yola in the pot, let it simmer and bathe Add a little baking soda, make it foam like aftershave I like to serve my dope wet, cause it weigh a hella lot mo' You can smell the residue and the fumes from next do' Ughhh, turf superstar, microwaves and pickle jars Portable digital scales, custom painted muscle cars Pimpin where the razor blade? Use a safety pin What they goin fo'? Nigga what you tryin to spend? When it's a drought I just sit on my dope and wait for the prices to skyrocket and rise like real estate I got that ice cream, that candy, that girl, that white white white My car's a Charger 2006 Hemme, tight tight tight I'm a d-boy, BOOTCH, I thought you knew Just like ehhhhhhhhhhh'ry motherfucker in my crew (BEOTCH!) Bundle in the bushes, chopper up in the tree AK'll light up your chest like E.T. [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [Juelz Santana] Uhh, now let me introduce the world to my girl She white, she bright, she shine like a pearl And I ain't talkin 'bout Lindsay Lohan I'm talkin 'bout that sniff that blow man, what that one hit that'll get you open Might make your nose bleed, if it's potent So if you're not ready, homey don't tamper with it She the chick who had Tony Montana slippin She so bad she make you mad But soon as you get mad, she make you cash That white girl, but she ain't always that light She ain't always that bright, she ain't always that white Nope; gimme one girl, I mean one gram I'll teach how to give a white girl a suntan Put it in that pot, 'til it get that hot Then start to Sir Mix-A-Lot [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [E-40] Oooh! [Bun B] Well down in the Dirty, South to be exact Gettin money with white girls is a well-known fact I like 'em black, brown, Puerto Rican or Asian But nothin bring the bread back like a caucausian Whether, winter fall, summer or spring A white girl's always down for doin the damn thing (fo' sho') Put her on the highway, she ain't no punk Got a white girl drivin with white girls in the trunk (hold up) I ain't lyin, it's the best thing goin When my white girl's around, it's always snowin Momma cain't stand her, tellin me to switch Sayin I'ma go to jail fuckin with that white bitch (no shit) Always around to keep me paid With some white girls on my team, I got it made So if you down on your luck, and got no money Then do what I do (what?) go get you a snow bunny mayne a [E-40] White girl {*4X*} {*"White girl" continues to repeat 12X in background*} I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl I got that, whiiiiiiiiiite girl [Pimp C] I got the Pyrex workin with the white girl in it It's the dope Superbowl and nigga I'm 'bout to win it No question marks or commas, nigga we got the scarma When we through with this batch, we goin out to the Bahamas I keep them stiff broads when I'm fuckin with the hogs Cause they never get stopped by the motherfuckin cops Bootch look hard but the bitch is a fraud Don't like to see me ball, want me to go rock a rock Move around bitch, you need to get out the way I keep a young Suzy when it's time to move yay You need to learn the game befo' you try to play Cause like Calgon, them laws'll take you away So I keep me a snow bunny, ridin in the front With a triple zillion head and a platinum cunt Ya already know they eat nuts like a squirrel Let me hit ya in your ass and bust nuts in your curl White girl {*laughing*} bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball w/ Bun-B of UGK Album: Lost Song: Ball And Bun Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com [EightBall] Check 1, 2 Check 1, 2 baby, yeah, uh 1, 2, 1, 2, microphone check, 2 somebody better tells these mothafuckers how we wreck fools Disrespect fools Check and snap necks too Chrushin' duos Sittin', waitin' on the next 2 Nigga, me and Bun got the extra clips and bullet proofs Gone off illegal shit, bustin' out the sunroofs Scatterin', niggaz chatterin' About where they been Where they from, why they hate me, and relate me with Stereotipical, down South country shit On the real, we on the hustlin' makin' money shit It's EightBizall makin' nigga feel Memphis, Tenn Makin' hip-hop, funky as a chit-a-lin Bitter men, mad, thinkin' that they better men Knockin' at the Suave House door, but we won't let 'em in Hoes and niggaz, got a lot of shit to talk about Runnin' your mouth, can get you dead, deep down South Chorus:  [EightBall] I don't know where ya been, And I don't know what ya seen But I know deep down South, It's all about the green [Bun] Now, I don't know what ya seen, And I don't know where ya been But I know deep down South, ya keep your G-U-N [EightBall] I don't know what you've done, And I don't know what you do But I know deep down South Nigga, it's all on you [Bun] Now, I don't know what you do An I know what you've done But we can't tell ya 'bout nobody else, But Ball and Bun [Bun] I see no evil, Say no evil, Hear no evil, Try not to get in no evils Raised up on Briz and Biz Bo-wevils Ain't no sequels for your people when we touch down South gon' put that crush down Nigga lay your philly, and you'll touch down Takin' that shit so much clown Don't even sound real no mo' Your cap'll get peeled, slo-mo Fuck you and that steel .44 I'm triz, oh hoe Pay your dumbasses no nevermind Flip flows, so clever shine Like diamond grapes on leather vines Forever I regard it As the first fool that started Movin' gassed up niggaz till they farted Hands, black hearted, cold Get retarded Like slingblade, it bring made niggaz I played niggaz Still wanna see a thing fade niggaz I stay niggaz That is the fight, what you believe Give you life room to breathe But tonights the night for you to leave As soon as sleep Ain't got, no tricks up, Your still get mixed up From Southern black macks That stay gettin' they dicked sucked Chorus [EightBall] Crooked as the first letter in the word South Niggaz who be 'bout gettin' paid, even when it's a drought Fuckin' some stout, smokin' out At my nigga house 98 live, side bet and gettin' screwed out Screwed up, drinkin' my cup Grippin' my nuts Hoes be jockin', but eager niggaz get setup Wet up, fucked up, what's up? Test us, guess what? True but, you just, messed up Deeper, than encyclopedia Britanica If Ball don't do it, then Bun-B gonna handle ya [Bun] To all you Betty Crocker, Cock knockers that wanna cook a cake But don't know what it took to make that bitch, Take a look you fake And switch your recipe Niggaz always takin' tests of me  Pressin' me, just to see the stress and hate Bring the best of me Leave your mouth open, sesame seed I seperate from stem and weed Me, I go, murder Murder them in deep blood clot They get all red hot from lead shots And what not Mine, I go dead after red dot And buckshot, So bitch niggaz get the fuck out Leave suckas stuck, fuck props This where the buck stops Chorus [EightBall Talking] Yeah, Euphoric images Psycadelic gangsta shit This is fuckin' groovy man I'll be back 3004 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E.S.G. f/ Bun B, Slim Thug, Ms. Marylin Album: All American Gangsta Song: In My Cadillac Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) (in my Cadillac), just rolling (in my Cadillac), looking good (in my Cadillac), shined up smelling clean (in my Cadillac), smelling good check it [Bun B] L Dog Verritz, Sevilles Coupe Devilles Escalades and Latays, damn dude is real No matter where you from, or how you feel You ain't showing classic grills Fool you ain't riding real now here's the deal Got the sun rooftop, with the diamond in the back And I'm sitting in the squad, just reclining in the Lac My doja pine is in the sack, that we blow Now tell me that you ain't dizzy, trying to follow the chrome The trail free 22 inches, two pairs of shoes one on the trunk Popping and swang crank up your bang, let's get it crunk Show your screens if you got em, po' ya lean if you sipping Blow a swisha if ya smoking, fool we ain't even tripping There's only three rules, when you sit in my car One no ash on my flo', two don't steal your bar Three don't touch my radio, cause I'm banging my Screw And everyday pulled Arthur P-A, this is how we do rolling [Hook: Ms. Marylin] In my Cadillac, see me rolling In my Cadillac, sipping smoking In my Cadillac, boppers watching In my Cadillac, rims nonstopping trunk keep knocking [E.S.G.] We in a Cadillac that's where I'm at, DTS or a slant back Where your candy paint at, boy where your cup of drank at Now think that, some people get tired Of hearing, bout cash and cars When you never had nothing, that make ya feel like a star Navigation Onstar, just to tell where I'm at Sedan Devilles chrome grill, and wheels with belts to match New platinum Coupe plack, wonder where my roof at That's that new drop top, now should I bulletproof that Look black, if you ain't cutting on no 20 inch buttons I'ma tell you what to do, and playa oooh nothing 22's or 23's, six T.V.'s when I'm swerving Escalade special made, same size as a Suburban Trying to ball till I fall, just like Yao Ming Southside ride, candy red on cream Northside playas, y'all know what I mean Blow green on the scene, everything so clean Can't mess with the team, ghetto dreams P-A-T, we still the kings E.S.G. in a EXZ, come on girl let me hear you sing [Hook] [Slim Thug] My Cadillac killing em, I'm Sprewell wheeling em If they less than ten G's, then the Boss ain't feeling em I keep's it real, in the Caddy Deville Turning corners wood wheel, with the big daddy grill Looking like I'm worth a mill, backing out the garage Rolling hard, for the competition on the 'Vard Shit I live like a Boss, floss like a Boss Candy blue with the gloss, on my 7-5 Boss Hold it down off the North, I'm a high roller You ain't seen a Lac colder, look I told ya Pulling on doja, in the 45 fast lane Hoes and niggaz trying to flag me down, when I pass mayn But I keep going, do-do keep blowing Purple drank po'ing, while my candy keep glowing High-siding when I'm riding, Slim be holding it down Ask around, they'll tell you how my Cadillac shine [Hook] In my Cadillac The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E.S.G. f/ Bun B, Chamillionaire Album: Screwed Up Movement Song: Ride Wit Us Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) G'eah know I'm saying, it's going down right now We got three legends in here And we'd like to welcome everybody, to the South Know I'm tal'n bout, so we gon take you on a lil' tour And show you how we do it, where we come from Know I'm saying, or like we say know I'm tal'n bout (already, know I'm saying hey it's Koopa uh) [Chamillionaire] Stay froze up with the bluest wrist, stay coming through in the newest whip Stay iced out like a new refrig-erator, say I do it big Cause they know I do and they know it's true, and you mad when nobody don't notice you Cause we rolling through and they know it too, Chamilitary it's Chamilitary known to do What they can't million dollar crib, multi-million dollar deal Multi-colored diamond grill, it's my multi-million dollar year I'm for real I'm for real, it's the truth of the streets really trying to feel Behind the wheel grinding still, cause I'm trying to feel on a diamond wheel Swang the swangas with the swang and banga, in Suburbans and drops When we pop up, niggaz know what time it is like the Burger King watch If they don't then they can get beef, like it's a Burger King stop Make an order get your recorder, while I murder it pop I got my hand on my phone, they say it don't look like my phone Police trying to catch me riding dirty, that's my clip and my chrome uh Give me back my weapon you wise guy, stop hating cause the way a nigga ride fly Turn all the speakers up in the fly ride, have a nigga block sounding like a drive by [Hook] If you wanna ride with us, you gotta be down to bust If you wanna ride with us, talking to my G's and hustlers If you wanna ride with us, 24's up on the truck If you wanna ride with us, let me see ya throw your side up [E.S.G.] Ride with us or come roll with me, E.S.G. and my dog Bun B And the C-H-A-M-I double L-I-O-N-A to the I-R-E Me and Pimp C in a Bentley mayn, million sold independent mayn Told you boys you ain't eat like us, trunk'll pop but u ain't beat like us O.G. out the S.U.C., 0-7 ESV R.I.P. to my dog Todd Profit, DJ Screw and P-A-T ATL gon trap with it, rock and finger snap with it H-Town slow it down, chop and double tap with it Louisiana pop jiggas with it, diamond grill and get triller with it Sipping lean with the championship team, watch me Pittsburgh Stealer with it Fish scale like a real O.G., too many e-mails for me to read www.myspace.com, forward slash yup E.S.G Independent I'm a giant, backhand boys who act defiant 36 OZ wave my wand, go fade the one like Kobe Bryant Never seen purple smoke this strong, big old spokes'll poke out on chrome Leave it alone or get chrome to the dome, represent for your home if you know this song [Hook] [Bun B] I got the keys in the ignition, the dro up in the gaurd Candy dripping off my swisher shoes, cup in my car I'm a ghetto superstar, I can cut any corner Get to flipping and flossing, through any hood that I wanna Bun B back up in the slab, navigating the town Chunking deuces and showing love, when I'm coming around I don't have to wanna try to be down, I been a G with it All the game need, is Bun B and Pimp C in it Underground King, P.A.T. that's where I'm from Representing, until they send me back to kingdom come Hustlers they want my downfall, short stoppers want my cuts Rappers wanna take my spot, but they can all just get my nuts Fingers up haters down, free the Pimp that's the drill Lady shining on the grill, that's how we keep it trill Diamonds up against the wood, pistol on my side Banging Screw that's how we do in Texas, that's how we ride [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E.S.G. f/ Bun B, Slim Thug  Album: Owner's Manual  Song: Wish U Wood  Typed by: Lil Hustle     Huh, now what you know about them Texas boys  Huh, huh     [Bun B]  Say mayn you know who it is, and yeah you know what I do  Oh yeah you know where I'm from, and just how I'm coming through  You know it's R.I.P. to the Pimp, and also for Screw   For Moe, Pat, H.A.W.K., Steve, Gator and Mello too  Oh yeah this H-Town baby, you already know  Boys steady bang steady blow, and they steady po'  Now we done told em befo', and we done showed em befo'  But I'ma put it out there again, so you know from the do'  In them 2011 J's, 2011 cars  Putting the cameras, on these 2011 stars  Making it crystal clear, so it's no confusion  There's no substitution, cause we repping for Houston   Now some call it Two-ston, and some Clutch City   Where the cars and the women, look so damn pretty   Oh yeah you hear me, it's going down here   And if you ain't down with it, then don't you come around here      [Hook]   (Uh, now what y'all know about them Texas boys)   Coming down in candy toys, smoking big talking noise   (uh), Mississippi Lousiana   Arkansas, Florida, Georgia and Alabama   Rep your block rep your set, let me know it's all good   And if you don't bang, just represent your hood   Say I wish a nigga would, wish-wish a nigga would   Wish a nigga would, I wish-wish a nigga would      [E.S.G.]   We on the way playground, the purple and green paper   Home of independent bosses, Lil' J's and Tony Drapers   Bun B's and Pimp C's, Slim Thee's and E.S.G.'s  Ducking F-E-D's, come with quarter G's Drew Brees   Fo's trees, be teasy kush fo' the trill   Peyton Manning with the canon, I can hit the whole field  Trunk popping like pills, we big Benz silly boppers   I'm good with the chopper, and I ain't talking helicopters   Blocka-blocka, it's over you dead   You a fo' power line flow, I'm over the head  Candy blue black or red, you can tell when I come   The big three and I don't mean Dwyane, Bosh and Lebron huh     (*talking*)   This how it go down, cause we stay bringing heat   Know I'm tal'n bout, three bosses getting it in   Yeah I was born in the Boot, but I moved to the H   Cause the prices cheaper, so get with me g'eah      [Hook]   (Uh, now what y'all know about them Texas boys)   Coming down in candy toys, smoking big talking noise   (uh), Oklahoma Carolinas   Can't forget Tennessee, yeah the whole South behind us   Rep your block rep your set, let me know it's all good   And if you don't bang, just represent your hood   Say I wish a nigga would, wish-wish a nigga would   Wish a nigga would, I wish-wish a nigga would      [Slim Thug]   H-Town Texas, candy cars and bar  Neighborhood superstars, and plenty fine broads   Southside stay stunting, riding red turning heads  Northside still blue, boys ducking them FED's   Ery'body bout bread, trap stars grinding   24-7, that's why ery'body shining   Johnny got boys blinding, jewels is a fool   Riding round with the tool, if you snooze you lose  Paid dues in the House, nowadays days I'm the boss  Me and E still stunting, breaking boys off  Been getting to the money, over ten years strong   And they wanna know why, Thugga paper so long   Grown man swag, when I'm popping bitch ass   I chopped off the braids, but my bitches ain't mad   In a million dollar pad, yellow bitch acting bad   Go down in H-Town, we bout that cash Thugga     [Hook]  (Uh, now what y'all know about them Texas boys)   Coming down in candy toys, smoking big talking noise   (uh), New York to L.A.  Detroit, Chi-Town, Arizona, V.A.  Rep your block rep your set, let me know it's all good   And if you don't bang, just represent your hood   Say I wish a nigga would, wish-wish a nigga would   Wish a nigga would, I wish-wish a nigga would      Huh, now what you know about them Texas boys  Huh, huh - 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E.S.G & Slim Thug f/ Bun B Album: Boss Hogg Outlaws Song: Thug it Up Typed by: mistauneek2k1@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist We thug it up (X4) [Bun B] Well I'ma saucy ass super throwed Southern style gumbo Pimp, I eat jumbo Shrimp, make a dumb ho Limp, cause her back broke up Your back in the track, that poke up Pay for the sack, the bag smoked up Now that's gangsta, live in effect Crystal clear, gots to keep your pistol here (Why?) Cause Texas don't play Don't smile, don't joke We stay for a lick, act frog and get croaked With a buck, blast, buck, blast your toothless And then they say, damn they ruthless Northside, Southside, we don't care We don't say no to money Too busy sayin, "YEAAA!" Lift candy to schools, weddings, malls Million dollar concerts, and ho's in the walls All haters better peep like Tom Cause my clique, my city, shit even my baby momma We gonna thug it up Everyday of the month, anything I swang Got to have bang in the trunk We gonna thug it up Til I'm dead in gone, everythang I drive Got to be sitting on chrome We gonna thug it up Like a underground king, drop screens Byzletine, and my crease styled jeans We gonna thug it up [E.S.G.] Man thug it up, thug it up, wha? wha? Man I'ma thug it up Escalade, dub it up B.G. gettin' paid Big mouth, thug it up Might as well, shut it up Get outta line, slug it up Codine in the cup Diamonds bling, priceless cuts What's up this year? They say the rap game changed No more rappin bout cars, and iced out chains Boys must be insane Real hustlers go on and get it How the hell you gonna live it? Money shorter then a midget Better get some more digits To talk about this No more cousin, R Kelly, see walking to this East coast to West, Mid-West to Tex Independent, Grammy-Nominated, Now what's next? Dirty south, give respect We started them slangs Screaming "Parkin-lot Niggas"  Sippin' Syrup with Bang Big flames, stained panes We ain't new to this game R.I.P. Dj Screw This for the thug in you man! We gonna thug it up Everyday of the month, anythang I swang Got to have bang in the trunk We gonna thug it up Til I'm dead in gone, everythang I drive Got to be sitting on chrome We gonna thug it up Like a underground king, drop screens Byzletine, and my crease styled jeans We gonna thug it up [Slim Thug] Slim Thug gonna thug it up, I'ma, I'ma, I'ma I'ma thug it up With E.S.G. and Bun B Sippin on some Dun-P In a stretch RV Come see, the three Best that never rest Thugged out ??  With white tee's on my chest "O yes!" Slim Thug change the code in the club Cause when I pull up on dubbs I get nothing but love I hit the bar Make the whole crowd think I'ma star Cause I blow mo' on doe Then you blow on your car By far, fo sho' I'm the opposite of Po The most ghetto boy ya know  In a six double O I move slow, and sit low On a 84 elbow Spit flow, on the floor Trunk open and close We some Texas boys With candy Lexus toys Drive wreckless outta bars When we come out hard Give us our card Hater's ya mouth, plug it up Cause me, E.S.G, and Bun B gonna thug it up  We gonna thug it up Everyday of the month, anythang I swang Got to have bang in the trunk We gonna thug it up Til I'm dead in gone, everythang I drive Got to be sitting on chrome We gonna thug it up Like a underground king, drop screens Byzletine, and my crease styled jeans We gonna thug it up, thug it up We gonna thug it up, thug it up Thug it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fiend f/ Master P, U.G.K. Album: There's One in Every Family Song: Slangin' Typed by: crucifix666@hotmail.com [Master P] Yo, what's up nigga, this the colonel, MP. But uh, Fiend nigga, it's your muthafuckin time to shine. You gon mix this shit up with Bun B and Pimp C. U.G.K. and Fiend? This straight for all the niggas in the hood Niggas on the corner, every nigga in the penitentitary. Nigga, this busta muthafuckin free. This for all the real Niggas and bitches out there, ya heard me? No Limit style. Told y'all muthafuckas ain't No Limit. [Bun B] You muthafucka, I don't feel where you comin from I don't like your zone, bitch, your microphone bitch Your tone switch sound like you wanna dig your own ditch It's my pleasure to bring the shovel You been lookin for trouble So me and C and Fiend gon bust your bubble on the double Hut one, hut two, march nigga, fire off that torch nigga Straighten it out like starch nigga When I'm parched nigga, take a sip of some kerosene Mixed with promythosene, turn your block to a terror scene Shit you ain't never seen Twenty millimeter tank rounds eatin up everything Nowhere to run, hide, or back down I put my mack down, picked up my ass kicker Cause it blast thicker, hose and get off in that ass quicker The last nigga figured, he had a chance To make it to that chopper, shit in his pants Make the murder man dance We shine like clusters, to leave you in the dust Cause we tryin, to get rid a all you haters and you muthafuckin bustas [Chorus:(1) Fiend]  Boy, we down south bangin Rollin with these hustlers Tryin to get rid a you hatas and you bustas [Chorus:(2) Fiend] X 3 Down south slangin Rollin with these hustlers Tryin to get rid a you hatas and you bustas [Pimp C] I got the cocaine lady, white lady, by the key I get them whole for ten, double up for seventeen Two outta one, step on it to win They essay's is my partna, mafia stamp on the end Two block solid, each one worth one I rock it up my seven and I chop it up with Bun A pocket fulla stones, hollin bout a wrong Smokin, ridin dirty, got a chip up in my cellphone Keep this shit pumped Get to pop the trunk Feelin light headed off some California skunk And bitch I come from Texas and love that shit to lean I'm down with Dj Screw and bitch it's U.G.K. and Fiend And we ridin with some killas, niggas bout they drama Pimp like a wheelers, and bitches like pirahnas I'm sweet James Jones, a pimp and a hustler Tryin to get rid a all you hatas  And you muthafuckin pussy ass bustas [Chorus:(2)] X 4 [Fiend] What's the sense of it all? Pimpin, powder, and pussy tryin to make pennies Payin off, so friendly to flip with my people give me If any doubt, the south, in every show today, blown away From the wrong way, I'm killin these niggas the Jones way Let the psalm say, he died as a hata Sooner than later, shoulda pop em since the incubator My life is droppin heron, at the sharon Lookin, death dead on Knowin I was dead wrong From the sad songs, have you been to my city? If you ain't got shitty, everything is far from pretty But I'm one bad fucker that's always claimin tank Niggas know N.O., dank, and elevate My rank, what you call it? Bustin out the Expedition Fiend pimpin, blowin up corns coke and cat emissions My livin, resist the No Limit and stashin a duster Servin the cluckers, poppin it undercover We gettin rid a bustas [Chorus:(2)] X 6 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway & Jake One f/ Bun B Album: The Stimulus Package Song: Sho' Nuff Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Freeway] Uh, who's bad? I'm bad (that's right) I am Michael Jackson, Puff Daddy "Bad" Boy, I will strike you with the belt like your dad (that's right) I will +Rock Your Bells+, I am LL +Bad+ (Rock Your Bells!) I am hard as hell Got the semi on blast, call you on speed dial You can't confine me to a cell I injure competition, make the niggaz do the math They always wind up losin, 'cause I hardly take a L Take a smell (smell), sniff I'm the shit like feces, the GT too quick (ain't that right) You need 200 G's to move this (that's right) I do this, I breeze past the DT's, so swiftly (swiftly) Y'all dudes iffy, I'm him, men gotta send other men to get me And the men that they send, get hit up I dump the Calico and let off fifty in a jiffy [Chorus 1 - Freeway] (Bun B) Is ya gonna ride? (Sho' nuff) If them niggaz try ya, pull a homicide (sho' nuff) Empty fifty bullets right in they behind (sho' nuff) I'm the meanest, toughest, mofo low down around this town Ain't ya gonna move? (Sho' nuff) If them niggaz try ya, will ya show and prove? (Sho' nuff) Run up on them, empty fifty from the tool (sho' nuff) I'm the meanest, toughest, mofo low down around this town [Verse 2 - Bun B] It's Bun Beeder, the heater cocked, show me the spot I need a knot, whether the bread is for me or not Leave the block, if I see the guap, I'm on the case You got the base, I put the glock up to your face Taste Bun metal, the color of gun metal When the gun settle, you perish and then Big Bun pedal Petty drugs, naw, hit 'em with the raw Head-tie, kill 'em with the no, then we fin' to go (to go) Split the shit, split the dough, then we hit the do' Then we hit the blocks with the rocks, let these niggaz know (what?) Then we fin' to sew up the corners with the blow If you ain't down, then we hit you with the clip fo' sure (ho) Let the trigger go, then the nigga go down Talkin about this yo' town, motherfucker slow down (whoa) Be easy pimpin, you too squirrelly Me and Philly Freezy shut it down, early [Chorus 2 - Bun B] Ain't ya gonna move? (Sho' nuff) If them niggaz try ya, will ya show and prove? (Sho' nuff) Run up on 'em, empty fifty out the tool (sho' nuff) I'm the meanest, toughest, mofo low down around this town Ain't ya gonna move? (Sho' nuff) If them niggaz try ya, will show and prove? (Sho' nuff) Run up on 'em, empty fifty out the tool (sho' nuff) I'm the meanest, toughest, mofo low down around this town [Verse 3 - Freeway] Nigga wanna war with me, I take 'em on live I blast the 4-5, you have to pick 'em on up (on up) He get mangled, I'm bilingual Abdul Hadi taught me Arabic, I took him on Hajj (on Hajj) Shaquan, Jazakumullah Hukhair In the city we residin they warin like the Al-Qaeda We're never warin, performin like Leonidas Y'all dudes lazy, you bust a grub and get niggaitis Put the burner to your gums like gingivitis Floss with bullets, I'll pull it, crack your eye wear Hell if I care, I handle business, leave you right here Niggaz can't afford the lenses I wear Look at my pair, they are Aviators, y'all are player haters You can never fly or get a seat in my Lear, you need a high chair You can try the one but it will get you done You can go and get your duns, nigga it will get them aired, yeah [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Bun B, Clinton Sparks, Jim Jones Album: Purp & Patron (Mixtape) Song: Favorite DJ (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Jim Jones] Who's in charge? I'm asking y'all Somebody better answer before I blast at y'all Live life just as fast as y'all But you little niggaz know that my cash is tall New York like Stoudemire You think your hot, well I'm on fire The money wash up and I'm tryna dry it If a new car drops, then I'm tryna buy it Cam front, kinda tired Had a bitch last night, left her in the higher At the party, music loud (?) move the crowd Then we Clinton Spark 'em Damn right, let my niggaz chalk 'em All my dogs bite, we gon do the barking And the money speak loud, we gon do the talking And what you do with the bread U went to the ghetto and tell 'em Su Woo bred And I'm sorry to say, lift the back now home boy the 'rari today Such a horrible day (?) Bouquet Married to the game, I don't need no bouqeut Just a new whip and it got her to pay So I tell 'em touche Go nigga, Go Rozay mo' Just got started, tell 'em ten mo' With a bitch on my side with some hips like woah Lemme see you hit the floor (c'mon) I know that your with it Till ya body sore Girl you know you can get it I'm gonna play for you tonight like it's your birthday Tonight I'm gonna be you're favorite DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Tonight I'm gonna be your favorite DJ [Bun B] Lights is flashing, cameras filming soon as we walked up in the building Bopers fainting, haters kneeling I smell like money, look like a trillionaire and I really don't care how you feeling Big-faced hundred dollar bills I'm peeling Bottles stacked up to the ceiling and I just can't explain the feeling Fellas, put your grands up Ladies, put your hands up We sipping Jimmy Neutron, player, and I can barely stand up R.I.P. to the Pimp, you know I rep for UGK Get 4 million with Clinton Sparks, your favorite DJ Lemme see you hit the floor (c'mon) I know that your with it Till ya body sore Girl you know you can get it I'm gonna play for you tonight like it's your birthday Tonight I'm gonna be you're favorite DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Tonight I'm gonna be your favorite DJ [Game] Hit 'em with the punchline, hit 'em with the bass Blowing that orange kush all in my face Glock on my hip, nigga, murder was the case Any nigga want drama, boy, I hit 'em with the 'K Nigga act cool, nigga, hit 'em with a J Swim in that pool, Pat and Ryan all day Nigga need work, I got birds in the safe Ski mask in the cut hand, keys to the Maybach Where you lay at, bitch, I scope I never miss where I spray at Underground King, nigga, UGK that You should try crack all night, all day that Tell me where the weight at ZipLock baggies all in the trunk Going through the zone blowing that purple stunk Its the critics, get it? (?) only got straight A's in physics Dope boy business, Dope boy flashy Chains on my neck, elbows still ashy Hood nigga for real Ask my nigga Pharrell Turning my fingers on, the boy is the raw deal Chicks all dimes, the motto is cash peels Each one of them off down in Louis Vuitton heels Tell 'em muthafuckas that the legend is real Sleep next to a dime that I wake up to a meal House on the hills Where Hurricane lay his head at Anywhere in the U.S., that's where I get my bread at Nigga play the 9 by my waist, where the lead at? Anywhere that I shoot, same spot nigga dig that? Yellow take nigga Clinton Sparks on the California quake nigga When the light on, quick to kill a fake nigga Cash Money in my pocket like the Drake nigga (nigga) Lemme see you hit the floor (c'mon) I know that your with it Till ya body sore Girl you know you can get it I'm gonna play for you tonight like it's your birthday Tonight I'm gonna be you're favorite DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ Say Go, Go, Say Go DJ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Keyshia Cole, Jadakiss, Bun B, Pusha T (The Clipse), Fat Joe, Young Buck, Queen Latifah  Album: Game's Pain (Remix) 12" Song: Game's Pain (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro - Keyshia Cole] Eyyy-yeaa... (Oh yeah) Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaah...  Heeeey, yeah... [The Game - Verse One] The duffle bags and Benjis spreaded through the city The Lambo's and Bentley's sittin on 20s Thinkin back, when I had the fall blue and black Pennys' Listenin to Faith on the Funk Flex tape (Ah-HEH!!) Like BAM, before Diddy was a mogul I had the low-lows, JBL speakers bangin Total I like the lead singer, the dark one And Biggie had a Benz when I wish I could park one Shed a couple tears when I heard that he caught one So everytime I drive down, wish I'll spark one, for you and 'Pac Wish both of y'all had +One More Chance+ Like I wish 'Ye and Donda had one more dance CRIBS! [Jadakiss - Verse Two] Hah-HEEEEEH!!! Yo, back when it was already to sell ready rock My top two was Rakim and Freddie Foxxx We know, they were both deep dudes The G. Rap came out with "Ill Street Blues" BDP took me all through school And Bobby Brown told us, +Don't Be Cruel+ Krush Groove had us thinkin we was all cool These are the reasons why I'm payin my dues Shoulda saw how your boy was dressed Do it from Grand Daddy I.U. and Lord Finesse Feel some kinda way, get if off your chest Get embarrassed, "It's My Thing", Erick and Parrish Learn how to maneuver, listenin to Slick Rick the Ruler, Dana Dane made me more smoother ...hah-HEEEEH!!! [Bun B - Verse Three] R.I.P. Pimp C Game, let me take 'em down to the South one time Where the cars and the rims and the mouths on shine I grew up on the Geo Boys, talkin 'bout they was from Fifth Ward "Balls and My Word" had me ridin through Fifth Ward lookin for the Rap-A-Lot office Tryna kick a flow and hopin Rap-A-Lot offers me a deal Had to keep it trill so I can bust like E from O.G. Style and Rick from Royal Flush I came up, in the ghetto manye, the G way Listenin to Luke and the Ghetto Style DJ's Poison Clan, Shy-D and the Gucci Crew Dreamin one day that I could rock some Gucci too Breakout, like the Convicts, don't even trip Parked the candy 'cross the pen, bumped the Ganksta Nip Manye, little did I know that the time was comin for me and Pimp to shine on 'em like a +Chrome Plated Woman+ - fo' real! [Chorus: Keyshia Cole] See ever since the day I got the chance to make a change I've been in this game, it's a new day And I'm makin it known 'cause, I just want the world to know I'm payin my dues, and I got the utmost, I just wanna let you know I'm payin homage 'cause, you've paved the way for meeee, ye-yeah [Pusha T - Verse Four] {overlapping chorus} {Okay, yanahmsayin? Gotta understand I'm from Virginia} {Rap money was like a FAIRY tale to me, you know?} It was all a dream, until Teddy Riley hit the scene Floatin through Virginia Beach in ALL the machines EYUGH! - He was posse deep, runnin niggaz Jeep Lambos and the Porches ridin back and back through the streets I was more of Nas, OG's was more Jigga Lu' was like, "How you like the army jacket nigga?" When he wear Versace - young nigga, get like me He was poppin Cris' in 88 when Eric "Eazy-E" Wright/right - I was on the wrong mission Started puple tape {?} in the kitchen, poppa listenin Whoever thought it'll be this? Pusha Tongue, Keyshia Cole, Game on the remix - PAIN [Fat Joe - Verse Five] JMJ, my homey Mac Dre Big L, Big Pun, Big-gie (talk to 'em) 2Pac "Live and Die in L.A." (L.A.!) N.W.A., I used to love Eazy Back when everybody was doin The Hump I was Radio Raheem in Reebok Pumps Used to ask for the mic everytime they fronted Damn, I feels good to see people up on it! KRS, the Furious Five (Waddup Kris?) Cold Crush show me how to dress fly (yep) Latifah "U-N-I-T-Y" This is when hip-hop was alive, Cal-ca [The Game - Verse Six] Clack, cookin, Joe, good lookin The remix is big - BROOKLYN Bed-Stuy, teardrop on my left eye Star on the other one, L, we got antoher one +Mama Said Knock You Out+, so I'ma do it The South gon' love it - chop it {SCREW IT} Slow it down, then bring it back up G-G-G U-NO!! Nigga, it's Young Buck! [Young Buck - Verse Seven] I'm talkin bout Scarface, OutKast, and 8Ball UGK all day is what we would play, dawg I was in the blind like my name Ray Charles Thangs you go through, Game, is what make stars (aight) All of my enemies - I don't hate y'all 'Cause I understand that it's +ME+ that make y'all (what?!) Louie bag luggage, my plane 'bout to take off I'm helpin my people get back what they lost (EYY!!)  Blood of a Black Panther, a born boss STILL gettin letters from the penitentiary "Freeway" Rick Ross and even Lil' Jimmy So if I slip up, I KNOW where they gon' send me (let's go!) You don't! But all the real folk roll wit me You won't! So I'ma hold down yo' city You want me, shawty, now the time to come and get me I'm Makaveli-trained and we on that ol' +Biggie+ - YA HEAR ME?! [The Game] Young Buck, welcome home nigga... Queen Latifah... [Queen Latifah] Whatcha wanna do, baby BOY? (...take me out) You don't want it, you don't know how it goes down (Jadakiss, Bun B, Fat Joe, Pusha T) Ooooooooooh, yeaaaaah.. Yeaaaaah, last night Latifah saved my life OH! Oh - Last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuub... Last night Latifah saved my life - in the club Yeah, last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuuuuuub... In the club - you thought she was a thug You thought she was that, chick that, you, see, all up at the club Last night Latifah saved your life Last night latifah saved your life - in the club (If it wasn't for you, it wouldn't be me) It was ON...crackin.. poppin.. pushin.. But I pulled that and - Oh, snap! Word? She hold it? Oh! GAME in the club.. (*whispers* REMIX!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: the Game feat. Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I., Fat Joe, lil Wayne NORE, Jadakiss, Styles P, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Twista, Tha Dogg Pound, WC, E-40, Bun B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Young Dro, The Clipse, Ja Rule Album: One Blood 12" Song: One Blood (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jim Jones Intro] Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch You know what it is When you see me two twelvin you homie You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch [Jim Jones] BALLLLLIN' Peace blood, peace almighty We all thugs and we run the streets nightly And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out My feary side, where we ride And we all fly high in the Leer G5's So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang! Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang! And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim! It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang! [Snoop Dogg] They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause 21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz We from a different street, all got that different heat But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE! [Nas] Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga I got rappers gettin mad at me I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression [T.I.] You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me? What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL! Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW! Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW! I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL! I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL! Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW! [The Game] Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek She givin one blood, one love, on dubs 140 thousand the first week... UHHH! [Fat Joe] All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it Somebody go and get this nigga a pint box And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too! [Lil' Wayne] 504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key! [N.O.R.E.] New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat Def Jam, they gonna flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in The building no more... It's OKAY! I GET IT POPPIN! Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's Who took believers an opportunity to breathe And you ain't gotta go overseas to see our rap shit You can come to left, round Queens and get jacked quick [Jadakiss & Styles P] (One blood) we used to the spillin (Came from the hood) so we used to the killin Used to the black males (makin cracksales in the buildin) (How else you get the benz) with the suede on the ceiling? (Blood in) blood out (me and homie) back to back (Both loaded workin) we about to pitch a (shut out) I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga) Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga) D-B-(L-O-)C-K, (he spray) The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay) We got a mean team, (Hip-Hop dream team) Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen) Yeah, no security, (I'll put you on the respirator) I'm the bomb, (I'm the mothafuckin detonator) One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug) Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood) [Fabolous] WHAT IT LOOK LIKE? All I say at most Shooters waitin on the word... JUST SAY IT LOS! I let these niggaz live, yes, I saw 'em pull the plug Havin goons pullin gloves, leave the room full of slugs Catch me trafficin, on maroon colored dubs Couple Africans, with balloons full of drugs If they like me, tell 'em line up While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line up [Juelz Santana] Mic check, one two, one two, check I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two on two Let's go, you're eyein us in the iron bus, BOOM! Leak ya, two liters of red juice, hawaiian punch So what you boys gon do to me? I'm born street Your life's sweet, MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!) Mama told me not to play with fire but She never told me I would grow to be a liar [Rick Ross] One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs Save the colors for the cars, see we kill for the fame (Ross) The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross) I'm a heavy better, I'm a heavy seller Keep white in the office call it Jerry Heller Lettin off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick And we gon sit here, wait for the derrelics [Twista] Bitch I got lords and gangstas, show me where them niggaz at Chi got two six's and kings, show me where them killas at Chi got them ballas and hustlers, show me where them figures at Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps! He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppers, nigga He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin, nigga Hurt him in that cherry six fo, shit ain't no stoppin, nigga Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet When I put him in the cemetary then I gotta holler out! [Daz] WHATTUP CUZ?!?! [Kurupt] Yeah rollin with two grips Glock holdin on the hip, rollin wit two clips Got two tiny locos ready to take trips Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips But they know what's crackin cuz, cause as we huddle They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle West coast gang bang, riders erasin em Got funny niggaz raisin up and riders replacin em, cuz! [Daz Dillinger] Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew RIP for niggaz who don't stay true Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran Dwellin in the land of the gang bang with fleshin I'm legendary, yes, yes, a westcoaster Throwin up two C's, wit two guns in my holster I'm from Long Beach city, a crip next to Compton Down wit my nigga Game, if you niggaz want problems From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet ????? to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet Worldwide, get swept away by the tide By G's, and BG's, O.G's, its time to RIIIIDE! [WC] Who the rider, looter through the gutter mayne? Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes! From the westside, strivin to dead em Where them killers throw that third letter up Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin blueberry green Cadillac on blue D's and a blue T Money thick as blue cheese, chunkin up the dub What the west be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood? [E-40] The Bay Area, fuckers, we pop em Open you up if you got a problem Up top, born in Cali-forn-ia Clean your clock, open your can of tuna Make a choice to see the hell or it's heaven Get your chest layed out wit the FM 57 This ain't nothin to do with nobody But in the Yay, there ain't nuttin to do but catch bodies [Bun B] I'm comin straight outta PAT, like Compton in all black But when we say what it do, they never say holla back Bun B, the uh, OG like '95 Air Max Neon green outta fight club off a fair facts Ask the hundreds, it's doable, I done done it At the summit of rap and I'm watchin you haters plummit Run to it or run from it, to Bun it don't differ Wipe the streets with ya like you a swiffer as a gifter, one blood! [Chamillionaire] I'm the realest youngster thats breathin, and I don't gotta give a reason Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin to be competin! My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet till I finish eatin My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin all the room on your tv Like +Eric+ they think its +Eazy+, but it isnt easy believe me Need to make a room in B.E. television if you wanna be me Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G! [Slim Thug] Its one blood if you blood or cuz From that number one thug, its still one love I rep my blue boy team but I do it for green I do it for my folks, vice lords and kings All us trappers, future rappers, standin out on the blocks Tryna get up out the hood mayne, and stack 'em a knot Put ya sets in the air, scream fuck the cops! We gon rep for the hood mayne, like it or not! [Young Dro] My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin obstacles Trappin, I made it logical, my topic is impossible I got a partner named Shoe Strang, cause shorty real crossable Shark meat to Papadough's, cars be tropical All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable I am unstoppable, my calico is toxable Lyrically diabolical, cushion is not ??? [The Clipse] Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue) Never in the wildest, (was he talkin to them) Style on niggaz, (but feel it to the numb) Japanese thread, (brought flavor to these bums) Consider me the savior, (look what the lord gave ya) My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful) Frolic in the snow, so playful (And revivin the track) like we flowin through jumper cables (What duo) you know (get XXL kudos) while coppin off Coolio (Classic shit) we mastered this, (left for dead) I'm back, (I'm Lazareth) [Ja Rule] Shit, one trip, one blood, LA, New York The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up Hands down, can't touch, the flow is a bit much The style, wanna keep up? I advise you to speed up With money movin like coke, these days gotta re-up G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up You see us, in dual seaters and throw it up! Its all hood, niggaz rep your sets if your cuz or (blood) ...Niggaz, we all bleed! These niggaz can't breathe Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part Niggaz that got bullets with names on them! Want em, come get 'em niggaz, y'all know where to get at me Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me You bastards, I'm laughin, bullets stickin in family Who sadly gets torn between one crip and one (blood) Y'all niggaz know me, haha... yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Glasses Malone f/ Akon, Bun B (UGK), KAM, Lil' Wayne Album: Certified (MP3 Release) Song: Certified (Remix) Typed by: wammygivaway@gmail.com {Glasses Malone slowed down} [G. Malone] I'm certified, baby {And this the remix} [Lil' Wayne] Remix, baby [Akon]  Akon and Glasses     Akon and Glasses [Lil' Wayne] Ha ha ha [G. Malone] G. Malone (Verse 1) {Akon in background} [Malone] Niggas spit fairy tales    G. issue the facts    Not Jeezy, but I sold my fair issue of crack    Not Weezy [Wayne] You dig? [Malone] But Weezy right here    Man, this Cash Money Records, let me make it quite clear    Walkin' with the red's like fucking with the town    Know a pierce Watts nigga make a square bow down (WHOOP WHOOP!)    I'm certified baby, you better ask Cube (Yeah)    Better tread light like you wearin' glass shoes (Yeah)    Bet this crown hold a G    He don't really want beef    I'm in nice town, chillin'    Young Chris    Young Neef    Born down in the A with the boy Bo Hagan    Or catch me in the H, Pimp got my trunk wavin'    Find me in the 90 south, sourin' with a Nato trick (Trick)    Hex Murder, them my boys out the D's (Detriot)    Mistah F.A.B. in the Bay, Three Six in Tennessee    I'm certified baby, they just pretend to be {Akon and Glasses} Chorus: Akon (Lil' Wayne in background) I ain't for all that beefin' Got niggas to buck shells for no reason (Remix, baby) Ask around the streets, man, I'm certified Across seas, all my customers are satisfied See, I ain't for all that beefin' A matter of fact, I'm tryin' to chill with the squeezin' (Remix, baby) Ask around the hood, man, I'm certified And I hate to have to put a bullet in your mind, yeah [Verse 2: Bun B {Akon in background}] I'm G'd up from the feet up So speed up You hold up from the flow up So ease up It's G's up Everybody else, get low Cause I'm a put a hater on lockdown like it's get mo (Whoa) I get more money, I spit more fire (Spit more fire) I knock know-boppers and sit more higher (What) UGK for life til death And I'm no liar It's R.I.P. to the Pimp Til the day I expire I'm a rep for the team (Team) I got it on my back (Back) Like Agnus holdin' on to the world, and that's a fact I'm a hop off in this slab (Slab) Then get back on the grind (On the grind) So I can get this Trill movement on they mind (On they mind) Rockin' my Coogi Air Jordans and a beehat (Beehat) Sippin' on syrup and white Can you see that? (See that) UGK for life is more than a tatoo Disrespect, we comin' at you Me, Wayne {Akon and Glasses} Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Kam {Lil' Wayne in background}] Homie I'm certified, word to God (Trick) From the dirty side Disrespect the clique Be the victim of a murder ride Yeah, you heard of pride up before destruction That's cause we done cut more hide up than alien abduction And done had More suction on my gun than a vacuum Obstruction Of justice on the run In the back room Ever since the crack boom, prostitutes callin' Gangstas do they thang from Watts and we be ballin' [Lil' Wayne {Akon in background}] And in my noon do Starin' at the moon roof Two yellow women and they poppin' like balloons do Two pistols, I ain't gotta pop 'em cause my goons do Ball we a bungee grape, but turned into prune juice Man, they gon' think I'm Lil' Boosie when I zoom through And I'm gonna be when my dawgs like woof, too Money over female dawgs, bitch, roof, roof I'm a beast, I'm a Dogg, I'm a new Snoop Heh heh heh And them ballin' like Fade away (Fade away) She all on my Eskamina like Labor Day Heh heh heh Now you could walk, crawl or skate away But not me (Why) Because I Rrrrrrun this bitch (Ok) And I'm a keep Runnin' on I keep Runnin', but I'm never runnin' out of money I'm a dawg, I'm a stunt If I don't nothin' Weezy Hot like the sun, they better get ya {Akon and Glasses} Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ 4-Tre, Jody Breeze, Killer Mike, Lil Scrappy, Young Jeezy Album: Trap House Song: Black Tee Typed by: tyger0726@yahoo.com [Chorus 2X: Gucci Mane] + (Lil Scrappy) I rob in my black tee Hit licks in my black tee All in ya house searchin for bricks in my black tee (Crank it) I kill in my black tee I steal in my black tee I'm real so I gotta keep it trill in my black tee (O-kay-kay-kay) [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] You can catch me all in a nigga house wit a black tee Gucci Mane, lil flair got a million dollar mouthpiece Black Tee, black rag, even got a black mask Leavin out ya house, thirty pounds in my book bag Black 'llac, black back, fin' to hit a lick again You a head bussa punch yo hand wit yo fist den Franchise hate me, probly wanna kill me Remixed it wit Scrappy and now the hood feel me Fresh on the scene wit the all black shirt Gucci so gutta he'll steal money out ya purse I lay up in ya yard, rob ya when ya go to church Ya love white tees now ya face on the shirt Black tee, black reed, trappin on the front street Got a black pistol grip pump on the seat Black tee, O.G., nigga don't approach me Bubble gum wappin ass niggaz can't smoke me [Chrous] [Verse 2: Bun B] It's Bun B in his black tee & G in his black tee Reppin UGK and BAT in his black tee Pimp in his black tee, mack in his black tee Free Pimp C on the back of his black tee Gucci chain swangin on the front of his black tee Cadillac swangin, smokin blunts in his black tee Stunt in his black tee, ball in his black tee It ain't jus me pimpin we all got a black tee [Verse 3: Young Jeezy] And I got a 1-2 Bun Got 36 O's for the 2-1 Jeezy bout them green guys Got H-town goin for the ten or five I'm talkin cornflakes Black inner tubes wrapped in black duck tape Say it again dawg to make sure that ya heard me Got my four-x black tee up under my jersey [Verse 4: Killer Mike] I got the all black Chevy on all black rims Keep a small black gat in my all black Tims On the all-black leather there's a all-black mack Tryin to snatch get ya black ass blowed the fuck back 44 to ya torso 4 in ya hat Kick doja to ya house and put it to a cataract Gorillas wit banana clips goin monkey in the back They'll put yo ass in that black box, laid out flat [Verse 5: Jody Breeze] Look I slang in my white but I bang in my black tee Gucci on the front, Jody Breeze on the back street Chillin by a black Cadillac on sum black feet Scrappy in a Chevy watchin Scarface on the flat screen Told y'all constantly, ride wit the pump wit me Yup in my black tee, wit the nine underneath I ain't gotta keep tellin y'all niggaz I'm a G I'ma just cock back and leave sum blood on ya teeth [Verse 6: 4-Tre] I'm so stainless in my black tee Remainin in my black tee On the grind cause I like to shine in my black tee Diamond glistenin cross plus the background is a black tee Thieve then come back sprayin rounds in my black tee 4-Tre, I want war in my black tee Fuck them, they probly neva wore a black tee Workin in my black tee, smokin purple in my black tee I'm lookin for twelve all out yo curtain in my black tee [Verse 7: Lil Scrappy] Fuck a white tee, I got my black tee and vest on Fuck a sturdy shot, I'm goin straight for the bread home I don't know why y'all niggaz dropped move B Cause now Raheem'll show ya punk ass a tree Bust nuts in my black tee, sluts in my black tee Now I'm smokin nothin but blunts in my black tee See me in Valve then tried to fight me Jus the same monkey shawty don't take me lightly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Blaze 1, Pimp C, Rich Boy Album: Back to the Traphouse Song: I Know Why Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Zone Fo' [Chorus: Blaze 1] Bitches love me they niggaz hate me, I know why {*3X*} Twenty-fours on the Chevy, look like I'm 'bout to fly [Gucci Mane] Take flight on a hoe, ride a kite on a bitch Lear jet Gucci, when I ride on 6's Gotta sit high, like my ride on switches Rent it out the ass dudes barkin hoes keep lookin Shackles wanna jet, but they don't keep bak Candy coated 'llac, with the brat pushed back Shorty smoke thrax, what'chu know 'bout that? Let the top back, the hood catch contact It's a known fact, Gucci smoke on purp' Old school verty, with the ace on the skirts See the tucked dash, paint look like glass I came through skatin, and they done start hatin Twenty-eight D-U-B's on rotate These haters roll dank, I tell 'em get'chu straight Twenty-eight D-U-B's on rotate These haters roll dank, I tell 'em get'chu straight [Chorus] - 2X [Pimp C] Yeah thaaat nigga she just looove me Watch me ride by wanna fuuck me See me in the club wanna suuck me Guess that's why you mad and wanna buuuck me Tellin them niggaz you gon' killllll me But you's a bitch, you gotta feeeeeel me I ride around the ghetto, two hundred thousand on the slab Spent a million on my jewels and a million on my 'llac Three million in the bank, fo' million in property That's nine million dollars and your wife still jockin me IRS still watchin me they hate niggaz with paper Didn't like me in school, but now the bitch caught +The Vapors+ Like Biz Markie, she got what I need She thinkin it's the pussy, it's her money and her weeeeed I like her head, but I love her bread Them hoes want a Pimp but them hoes just scared [Chorus] - 2X [Rich Boy] I pulled up in the S5, 52 hoes with me Three thousand dollar Gucci jacket ridin Big Willest Drinkin deuces and we smokin on some real killer If you ain't out here gettin then yo' ass silly Air Willie, nina on my side I'm sittin so high I don't ride I glide Slide, them thirty-two inches on my Phantom Them blades choppin on that bitch lookin like a gremlin Hoe I'm a winner, I deserve a trophy If you ain't got no money then nigga don't approach me [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Bun B, Devin the Dude, E-40 Album: The State vs. Radric Davis Song: Kush Is My Cologne Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong I know [Chorus: repeat 2X - "I know" only first X] Kush is my cologne, ku-kush is my cologne Ku-kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong Kush is my cologne, ku-kush is my cologne Ku-kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong (I know) [Bun B] Got a Swisher filled up, with that one hitter quitter bro Bubba for ya trouble on the double it'll get ya bro Pass me the D's, light it up with ease In a cirle full of G's, smokin on them trees Pass me a cigar, and I'ma bust it down quick Pass me the purple, make sure that hoe is round and thick Break it down, fill it up, roll it up and light it And you know it's the bomb, soon as it get ignited Pimpin I cain't even fight it, it's callin me to smoke So I fire up another square and take another toke I be damn near goin broke, and my girl say I'm wrong Shit but ("Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong") ("I know") [Gucci Mane] I'm inhalin it, exhalin it, it makes me more intelligent I feel like I'm still mailin it or sellin it, they smellin it Kush, purp', strong 'dro, what I need cologne fo'? "They tried to send me to rehab but I said" No, no, I won't go, damn it's really loud Smellin like a whole pound, kush cologne, haze is her perfume Bubba kush for breakfast, with my Captain Crunch I smoke ten blunts befo' lunch, don't that sound like that's too much (Gucci!) I'm so high, I'm so in the sky, everybody know Marijuana is my fragrance probably smell it on my clothes I smoke that bubonic sonic, hunger sippin gin and tonic You lil' boys is hooked on phonics, Gucci hooked on chronic sonny! [E-40] BEITCH! Lemme holla at 'em, UHH~! I'm in this booch, hail the kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing Hail the king, mayne I'm zapped Man I've been smokin hella weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed Hella tweed, and I ain't talkin 'bout Twitter mayne I'm talkin 'bout tweed - uh oh, look out!! Uhh Liquored, twisted, bent down, probably won't know how I got home Babu wanna jump my bones, she got her "fuck me" jeans on "Fuck me" dress on, "fuck me" jeans on "Fuck me" dress on, "fuck me" jeans on BEITCH! Anythang, hollerin at a dame Tryin to get brain but I don't know her name Lookin at my chain, let me explain Push cocaine but I don't make it rain Gimme that gouda bitch, no extension Pay me hoe, or pay me no attention Send a botch, rock YouSendIt MegaUpload, all up in it Retirement plan, booch you my pension Hater repellant my brand new invention Everything that I say I meant it Raised in the Bay where it's so pimpin Raised in the Bay where it's so pimpin Raised in the Bay where the bitched temptin ("Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong") ("I know") [Devin the Dude] Kush is my cologne, I got many fragrances Shit gets so expensive but I hardly have to pay for shit Every puff is like a squirt, smell it all off in my shirt Co-workers give me compliments every time I go to work What kinda cologne you on? 'Dro is like my aftershave Have me feelin and smellin so good yo I don't have to bathe But by all means, I must keep my balls clean Make sho' my dick's legit then I go take care of the small things And it all seems worth it Fo' hundred and fifty's kinda steep but I deserve it Weed smell so loud that you think you heard of that Heard of that ("Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong") ("I know") [Chorus] {*fades out*} Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Bun B Album: The Appeal: Georgia's Most Wanted Song: Little Friend Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: imitating "Scarface"] Okay! (Yeah) Fuck it, I don't care (The Appeal!) When I fuckin came to this fuckin country All I had was a dollar and a dream (Fuckin dollar and a dream) [Gucci Mane] We need more Rose, my bitches gettin thristy My words like New Year's, Christmas came early (burr) Got these bitches earlin, my earring's perfect (bleah) My left pinky finger rollin like George Gervin My name ain't Earvin, but call me Magic Abra cadabra, top off the Phathom 458 Italia, first in the states (vroom) Out of town plates, just to make it look great I need a haircut, plus a car wash I get out the car and they take they bras off (wowww) See I fought the law, and the fuckin law won Came back on appeal, want a new outcome Overload your eardrum, here it, here it come (here it come) Income to income, go and get you some Say bye to the bad guy, wave bye to the bad guy Gucci Mane the bad guy, yes I'm the bad guy Wave bye to the bad guy I came to this country with a dollar and a dream and a chopper and a team full of killers - what'chu mean? I'ma bad guy, a bad guy from start 'til the end Say hello to my little friend (hello to my little friend) I coulda been a doctor, I shoulda been a lawyer I go to court so much I coulda been my own employer (Gucci~!) I'ma die a dope boy, always been a hustler Started off custom now (say hello to my little friend) [Bun B] I sit back in the big 'llac with a six-pack in the trunk Boppers lick that while I roll a big fat nickel full of skunk So get back where your clique at got that click-click for the funk And them big racks where yo' shit at nigga you look like a punk You say you fin' to do nigga go on 'head and do it then You say you fin' to chop it up well go on +Screw+ it then You say that you the big man well where you belly? The peanuts got that butter, let me see you work your jelly Just like I thought, nigga you look like a clown Take the red ball off your nose bitch and sit yo' ass down Rainbow wiggin it, hoe I ain't diggin it Bottles of Circo hoe we gulp and we ain't swiggin it This game full of pussies I'm puttin my dick in it Bootin you bitches out the game, we ain't kickin it Middle fingers up hoe you know where I'm stickin it Me and Gucci brickin it while you niggaz keep knickin it [Gucci Mane] I got sixty racks layin on the floor in Magic City Like Samuel L. Jackson I think it's time for killin I touched his wife titty and the nigga started trippin That ain't proper etiquette, but see the bitch strippin AR-15 whipped his ass into pieces Don't get it twisted think it's all about the pieces and all about the bracelets, I'm still fightin cases 10 thousand for the glasses, diamonds in they faces (burr) Your own blood taste it, we stomp you 'til you're tasteless My t-shirt ain't tailored, you read what it said bitch Brick Squad boss man, off with your head bitch Run for the exit, they shootin inside here Parking lot gun fight bodies outside here Police best bet come with the riot gear Soldiers down to die here, moved to America Dollar and a dream and a {?} pitbull{?} terrier [Outro: imitating "Scarface"] Okay~! I'm fuckin reloaded, it's Gucci, hah Darkchild, burr!! I came to this fuckin country (hah?) Dollar and a dream I'ma get my respect Okay~! Burr, you wanna play with me ah? Well say hello to my little friend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Bun B, Devin the Dude, Pretty Ugly Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: So Tired Typed by: ibrown3@hotmail.com [Chorus: Dion] Tired, so tired It's a shame the way I'm livin this life, but I keep livin it Smoke to get high And the weed and hennessy don't do nothin but I keep rippin it It's the way I live my life It's my life and how I live in the sunshine, my nigga It's just the way I live my life It's my life and how I live in the sunshine [Verse One: Bun B] Man, day-in day-out it's the same old same I'm tryin to make a dollar out of 15 cents main A little purp in the swisher A little purp in the cup A little purp in my system and I can't give myself up I kick myself up out the bed Out the door to the block Motivate my way to the corner and hustle the rocks I don't love what I'm doin, but I hate where I'm stayin So I be out with the truth's, cause it's due's that I'm payin Prayin I can find a way up out this bottomless pit Cause livin like how I'm livin ain't hittin no shit Niggas tell it like it's nothin so there's no one to trust And for me to see tomorrow by any means is a must So ain't no need to fuss about it, take it day-by-day Get my hustle on and keep these hater's out my way I trust no niggas and trust no ho's And I'm never really asleep, there's only one eye closed So I'm tired [Verse Two: Devin the Dude] My work, shit is also playtime When I punch in I roll a sweet then I say rhymes A drink'll help, I take a step to the bottle then pop the top Finish up the lyrics, go in and rock the spot I come out and take another swig Another brew, another blunt, another cig Shit, who got the liquor nigga Fuck it, I'll drink it even though, you know, it gets me sicka quicka I'm goin hard, yet, I'm still on the clock My homie got the weed, my partna got the pills on lock And, whatever-ya else you want from speed to syrup But I prefer the herb And I drink, so I got to watch how I behave My beer was frozen – tried to put it in the microwave I got to focus cause tonight we got a show And you know we gonna be drinkin and smokin some mo' But ughhh [Verse Three: Pretty Ugly] Now personally, I don't give a fuck who forget about me when I'm dead and gone Cause most of the people who don't care won't even hear this song I been a lot of place's I thought I'd never ever be And I seen a lot of things I thought I'd never ever see My momma told me that these streets gonna be the death of me I've been in situations from murder's to the burglaries I'm a pretty dude, why ugly dudes always be testin me I'm a skinny dude, why big dudes always be testin me I make it happen real fast, unexpectedly My hood shootouts be exactly like the Westerns be I tell a judge and jury I was just defendin' me And intimidation is no relation, only kin to me I usually ride by myself, there's never men with me I'm a grown man, I don't need no men to send for me Cause it ain't no vest on me, don't think you got the best of me That ain't the way I'm supposed to die, that ain't my destiny The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hotboys f/ Bun B (UGK) Album: Get it How U Live Song: I'm Com'n Typed by: Fireboy504@hotmail.com (B.G.) Boy, picture me com'n, shining my motherfuckin ass off Nigga I'm com'n in a Ram on 19's I don't want for nothin, livin the million dollar dream All of a sudden, niggas wanna do me in Don't make me get disgusted, or over your head is 10 Me and Baby shinin, on 750 C.B.R.'s Going to the best western with niggas in two cars Tomorrow hoes gotta go, cause me and B flyin back to Tennessee Tryin to see bout some cheese They got niggas ballin, but they don't even wanna Get out the projects, and buy a house on Washatona Fresh gotta Burben, pearl white with T.V.'s My clique ain't hurtin, haul to the bank First N.B.C. Juve gotta a Beamer, blue and black with 17's B Expedition shoppin, he just ordered 23's It's all gravy, this life i'm livin, i'm lovin, Young, straight thuggin, watch out for my clique cause we com'n I'm com'n, draped in diamonds, you blind homes I'm com'n, bout gettin my fuckin shine on I'm com'n, draped in diamonds, you blind homes I'm com'n, bout gettin my fuckin shine on (Lil' Wayne) In all black, ready to get a nigga for some yay, Playin with heavy weight, i'mma end ( ? ) Don't hesistate, better play it cool, shipe I'm up the big two, shipe, go by the rule, shipe Drop everything where you stand nigga, Give it all up, like a man nigga You workin with somethin, nigga bring me to the house Respect my mind, or get your brains knocked out I come for the cheese, 25 G's, remain on your knees Or i'll be forced to release, freeze, I make a nigga break down like a bucket Nigga what, you ain't gonna what, hold up, (gun cocks) up it Who fallin now, loga, tell me that Who ballin now, broadas, flat necks Spread it on down, with ya issue I be stunnin Nigga lay it down, i'm com'n I'm com'n, you better watch what you do nigga Nigga I'm com'n, ( ? ) it's on you nigga I'm com'n, you better watch what you do nigga Nigga I'm com'n, you ballin, it's on you nigga (Bun B) >From a penny, to a nickel, to a dime, and a quarter If a any nigga fickel-fuck with mine, then he oughta Get his wife, son, and daughter funeral plans in order Cause i'mma slaughter his blood line till it's thinner than water Went from captain Save-A-Hoe, to Captain Kirk, to Captain Kangaroo But you ain't got no army captain, so who is you a danger to Nobody hang with you, slang with you, bang with you, spend change with you, or do no kind of gangsta thangs with you I'm on your heels, and ain't no lettin up So if you hit the ground, bitch ain't no gettin up Niggas start the bettin up, Put your last dime on me, your credit line on me, Ask Niggy D.D., you gon win every time on me That ain't no lyin on me, that's on my momma All my niggas locked up and dead, behing all that fuckin drama Wassup to Big Tymers, producers, groupies, bitches, and rap rhymers Big Bun com'n like dicks and vaginas I'm com'n, just when you niggas least expected I'm com'n, so have your whole body protected I'm com'n, strong armin your whole clique bitch I'm com'n, so wipe the cum up off my dick bitch (Young Turk) I got more weight then them niggas up state My name, Raymon D., I'm the nigga with the yay I'm from the projects, 42 dollar rent, i'm ballin Stackin ends, taller then tall, could never catch me fallin Ride slow, shine like diamonds, twinkle like gold The young nigga, fuckin all you old niggas hoes When I come, I come with it, I don't rep Playa haters wanna kill me, march niggas, step Yeah I got it, fuck them niggas, I ain't hidin it Hot boy with hot toys, hangin in the closest Ready to be fire, drama, i'm bout that Chopper with 50 shots, nigga I pack gats My set be on fire, hotter then the sunny Want a package, meet me at the spot, nigga i'm com'n I'm com'n, with the coke, let me though nigga I'm com'n, playa hate me, you get removed nigga I'm com'n, with the coke, let me though nigga I'm com'n, playa hate me, you get removed nigga (Juvenile) Stop at the gas station and put 30 in the tank Pockets kinda low, I hit the curb to the bank Just thinkin bout this bitch ass nigga, thats disrespectin No question, wootay bit the hand that done fed him My nigga Doug told me, " man ride with them choppers " My nigga Baby told me, " man don't stop for no poppers" Know that a bitch will get you crossed in a minute Know that they gonna put it off till they get it I had a bad bitch with big ass, until she was top of the line So she stayed in Chanell fits She ran with some made niggas, so she was a made bitch However you wanna do it, it's all on you how she played it She worked for Hot Boys, and I was the chairmen Complication, just give me the Franklins You can take it like a man or a bitch Best to get the fuck or you wanna get flipped I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga I'm com'n, you gotta get it, you gotta do nigga I'm com'n, Juvenile is comin through nigga I'm com'n, i'mma knock your brains in your shoes nigga I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga I'm com'n, Juvenile is comin through nigga I'm com'n, i'mma knock your brains in your shoes nigga I'm com'n, better watch what you do nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Icewater f/ Pimp C, Raekwon Album: Polluted Water Song: Knuckle Up Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Raekwon] We slang kilos, eighths to them shorties, bring G loads A paper to the hood, we got you, cop three of those And get your hustle right, whether you a trapper or a gun clapper, make sure your weapon is hype We got all kinds of shooters, sprayers, pitchers Nigga who hit playa, catch you in ya gators Haters that love rockin nigga for bread, lead fly Hit in you back of your head, he gettin dough, all that's dead now Yo, no more hallucinatin, we just used to hatin Go 'head and violate, we murder clicks, who you takin? Not none of us! You know my gun'll bust And every town state, niggaz pull they guns for us And peel somethin up, and kill somethin up We "Go Hard" like Tennessee boys, hit 'em up We get it every day and, it's like a matinee and We on the block hard, Allah said "Rae, you made it" It's time to take it over, it ain't a safe promoter Out there, give me my change or get thrown in the Rover [D.C.] It's Donnie, I get lots of bread, though as far as that block I got it locked, like a rasta's dreads And I will infra-beem dot ya head, put a couple of shots Inside your top, tryna stop my spread Fuck cops, I just watch for feds Cause I know they be hatin on how I'm cakin want me boxed or dead I move with birds by the flock, instead - D.C I keep whoopin, keep cookin, 'til the pots is red Keep pushin, I don't stop at reds, fuck a red light It's red light specials, when I pop that lead I can even make a boxer beg, catch ya pops in bed Pop his legs, while you watch him beg The name's Donnie, I was mobster bred, so you know I'm a don Plus I was born with that shottas edge I keep that chopper filled with copperheads, I bust a couple of shots It'll leave a couple coppers dead And you can run a couple blocks ahead, and wont get away Unless you wore some shit today that blocks ya head ... [Pimp C] Huh, step up yo' game, you off the square (square) You cain't be a pimp just 'cause you got long hair (hair) 'Lacs don't make macks, AK's don't make killas Scary niggaz shoot first, if you a G, it's a curse (curse) +Last of a Dying Breed+ like Brad JORDAN Pimp C, bitch! Words nuts and my foreign If I say it in the streets, I'll say it to ya face Knock ya whole muthafuckin off, take my case Never give 'em my connects, never hit P.C I'm a young fuckin HOG! Bitch, +The Game Belong to Me+ Dick ain't free, fuck a promo show You ain't got fifty thousand cash, bitch, fuck the radio! (beyatch!) Fuck BET and fuck, Diana Ross Shut the fuck up, old bitch! Slim THUG is the BOSS (BOSS) J. Prince the Godfather, DJ Screw is the King Ride my dick, a Cadillac, got'cho advance in my pinky rang, BEEEEE-YATCH!!! (In my pinky rang, BEEEEE-YATCH!!!) BEEEEE-YATCH!!!...Sweet Jones, BEE-YATCH!! Hol' up, motherfucker! Motherfucker, smoke sum'hin, BEE-YATCH!! Trademark, knahmtalkinbout? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ U.G.K. Album: Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter Song: Big Pimpin' Typed by: FLIPMODE2003@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * this is the album version, the VIDEO has an extra verse [Jay-Z] Uhh, uh uh uh It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh.. Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah.. You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah Chorus One: Jay-Z We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin G's Check em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin G's We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B [Bun B] Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario Comin straight up out the black bar-rio Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No I can't fuck a scary hoe Now every time, every place, everywhere we go Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!" Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit We don't pull it out over little shit And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me and you see us comin down on yo' slab Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it But nigga if you hatin I then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track  Timbaland let me spit my pro's on Pump it up in the pro-zone That's the track that we breakin these hoes on Ain't the track that we flow's on But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man Fo' real it don't get no bigger man Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool Chorus Two: Bun B We be.. big pimpin, spendin G's We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin G's And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga [Pimp C] Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise Chorus Two The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ U.G.K. Album: Big Pimpin' (Radio/Video) single Song: Big Pimpin' (Extended) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, cmbillionaire13@aol.com [Jay-Z] Uhh, uh uh uh It's big pimpin baby.. It's big pimpin, spendin G's Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh.. Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah.. You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em Cause I don't fuckin need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't fuckin feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?" I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch Better trust than believe em In the cut where I keep em til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up Let em play with the dick in the truck Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs Divorce him and split his bucks Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread so you can be livin it up? Shit I.. parts with nothin, y'all be frontin Me give my heart to a woman? Not for nothin, never happen I'll be forever mackin Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion I got no patience And I hate waitin.. Hoe get yo' ass in And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah Chorus One: Jay-Z We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese Check em out now Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B [Bun B] Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario Comin straight up out the black bar-rio Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh Oops, my bad, that's my scenario No I can't fuck a scary hoe Now every time, every place, everywhere we go Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!" Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit We don't pull it out over little shit And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me and you see us comin down on yo' slab Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it But nigga if you hatin I then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track  Timbaland let me spit my pro's on Pump it up in the pro-zone That's the track that we breakin these hoes on Ain't the track that we flow's on But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man Fo' real it don't get no bigger man Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool Chorus Two: Bun B We be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T. It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga [Pimp C] Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise Chorus Two [Jay-Z] On a canopy my stamina be enough for Pamela Anderson Lee MTV jam of the week  Made my money quick then back to the streets but Still sittin on blades... sippin that ray... Standin on the corner of my block hustlin Still gettin that cane half what I paid slippin right through customs It'll sell by night its extra white... I got so many grams if the man find out  it will land me in jail for life  But im still big pimpin spendin chesse  with B.U.N. B, Pimp C, and Timothy We got bitches in the back of the truck, laughin it up Jigga Man that's what's up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pimp C, Rick Ross Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail Song: FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Pimp C] Little over a year ago I was in bondage And now I'm back out here reaping the blessings And getting the benefits that go along with it Everything that's out here for kings like us The reason why we like this this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff They don't understand is because we really from Africa And that's where all this stuff come from And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying So don't look down on the youngsters Because they wanna have shiny things It's in our genes, know what I'm saying We just don't all know our history so... [Hook: Rick Ross] Fuck with me, you know I got it Fuck with me, you know I got it Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it Come fuck with me, you know I got it [Verse 1: Rick Ross] I just landed in Europe, nigga Shopping bags, I'm a tourist, nigga Money talk I speak fluent, nigga Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga Look at me, I'm pure nigga I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga I don't bop, I do the money dance My bitch whip cost a hundred grand Red vert, tou see me slide Sexy bitch I hope she 'bout it Sexy bitch I know she 'bout it Fuck with me, you know I got it [Hook] [Verse 2: Jay-Z] Hov just landed in Rome, nigga All hail, Caesar's home, niggas Chin don, Ciao Bella Come money dance with the good fellas Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it Even if a nigga gotta Robert, get it? Black Jack in casino A nigga got unlimited credit A nigga got a lot of vendettas But we the Black mob, we gonna set it Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach 200 in the dash we gonna rev it, skirt Lucky Luciano is what that call me Paisano A 100 keys at the piano plays across the Verrazano El Padrino, in the villa in Venice sipping vino Not bad for a Mulliano, y'all know like we know, I got it [Hook] [Outro: Rick Ross] I'm riding big coming down that beach Geechy niggas with satin sheets Bad bitch, she a masterpiece Got a bad bitch, she a masterpiece The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ U.G.K., Manuel Seal, Pimpin' Ken Album: Instructions Song: Money, Hoes, Power Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Pimpin' Ken] Yeah, yeah, yeah It's the motherfuckin' infamous Pimpin' Ken Yeah, all you motherfuckin' hoes out there misguided, undecided Y'all need to come on and fuck with a pimp right Yeah, if y'all keep them suckers off ya motherfuckin' mind Bitch I can keep em' off ya motherfuckin' behind Check this out bitch, ya understand Y'all need to quit playin' the motherfuckin' joker And come on and pay a motherfuckin' pimp broker Yeah ya know what I'm talkin' about Yeah, let it be Pimpin' Ken for the reason Ya understand I'll make it for the season Know what I'm talkin' about, yeah bitch please believe We can put it on the dotted line, Atlanta tied Ya know what I'm talkin' about bitch (Yeah) Yeah bitch ya understand, tell that nigga ya understand You ain't missin' bitch, you ain't on no milk carton You with pimpin' bitch, Pimpin' Ken that is Ho ya know what I'm talkin' about (Yeah) Damn my nigga take off, J.D. we doin' this shit Ya understand, better known as the motherfuckin' royal highness Ya understand, ya won't find us, ya understand And I'm feelin' hype too (Come on) [Jermaine Dupri] It's that lil' College Park nigga, in fact they call me Long Dough Niggas hate me cause I'm wearin' platinum every song go Hoes love me cause I, cause I keep it comin' strong and yo I'm a pimp with mine every time I don't give a fuck who she is Bitch you can go Get another cause they love us niggas in the fast life Niggas that can put it down and came up with they cash right Keep em' keep em' in the mall fresh, ball every night That's my life I come through any time I want to and hit that ass right Up like a flashlight, walkin' cause of all of my bling (Bling) One of the baddest motherfuckers that the game has seen Think about it From the first time that ya heard me Way back in the 90s early Me and my pimpin' out here doin' our thing in SWAT [Chorus x2: Manuel Seal] I got the money, hoes, and power We be in to see that ya cuttin' I'm all about cha' But if ya not up in the mix girl I ain't trippin' Cause all day all night, we steady pimpin' pimpin' [Pimp C] Still smokin' out, pourin' up, keep these bitches hoin' up They break Pimp C long bread cause everything I touch be blowin' up Candy cars, I'm a star Choppin' blades, sippin' on bars Young pimp I'm from the South Run off put that piece in ya mouth We Jone, fuck a clone Keep a lil' bitch on my phone All my cars blaze chrome Bitch can't leave my dick alone, alone, alone You ain't from no Memphis bitch Cause I was playin' Project Pat hittin' the switch Puttin' the dick up in ya dame Every time make her say my name 91 I been grippin' grain Bitch nigga wanna steal my fame, fame, fame I be at home smokin' dro, dro And see a nigga doin' a dance on the video But I'm young pimp, steak and shrimp Flyin' high like a blimp Write my name in the sky on track Tell the bitch to bring my money back, back, back, back bitch [Jermaine Dupri] He talkin' directly to you [Chorus x2] [Bun B] Well if it ain't cash then I don't want it I'm a million dollar striver, I get liver Then the pimps that push clock punchers nine to fivers A high diver, with mo' tricks up my sleeve than ya boy MacGuyver A cadaver, that'll get cha' voted off my island like "Survivor" Is you blind, my pimpin' only gets better with age like a fine wine And it's time to put up yo blinds I might raise a pimp to shine Decide to yo mind, desing Two steps ahead of yo slow roll You best to get a grip on ya world, world Or we'll put that Miracle Whip on ya girl Pimp her, let a trick sip on that pearl Let her pay that is Ol' sucker for love, titty baby, mama's boy That's just the way that is And that's the way that it's gonna be, gonna be So ya might as well take ya lil' Heartbreak Hotel reside Stuck in the mud, still ridin' ass off to mo' me Cause uh... [Chorus x2] [Jermaine Dupri to fade] Bounce, come on bounce, come on bounce Come on...bounce Come on bounce, come on bounce, come on bounce Come on, yeah come on bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Jones f/ Bun-B, T.I. Album: On My Way to Church Song: End of the Road Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com (T.I. talking) Jim Jones what it is homie Killa Cam, Freekz Zeeky, Juelz whats happ'nin Hey 'a aye... yea yea yea 'a aye T.I.P. nigga y 'a y yeeah. Aye a aye I'm up in Harlem to put it down wit my muthafuckin folks Dipset bitch. A town to muthafuckin NY nigga you already know what it is. Bankhead C-rod, Grand Hustle, Diplomats you dont like it kill yaself nigga. Lets go (verse 1 T.I.) Late night straight white fa ya base pipe No mo quarter O's get ya weight right Crack rock black glock kept it waist height (hey) It hit ya mug you dont imagine what ya face like American pie I'm tellin you guys you want beef wit us well who the fucks preparin you guys We sparin you guys get buried alive What you rushin fa, act like you in a hurry to die Some I let 'em fly 'fore I let that ride I paralize ya like Supermans horseback ride nigga Walk up on ya car and scorch dat ride Flat tires, glass shattered wit a corpse inside A town break down straight pounds of dro' Still deal if you want 10 birds or mo Pimp Squad, Dipset I know ya heard before If we called you a bitch you deserved it hoe. Aye (verse 2 Jim Jones) I cop bricks of the crack (dat yayo) And take it to my block, strip or my trap, my block strip is so trapped Cops quick wit a strap, and you'll be scared shitless How they where the big fifth and load up flares and biscuits I'll take ya bitch from you, bring her back wit smeared lipstick (She Mine) You can compare ballistics, but it's mere physics (Pimpin) I'm 2-3's on drops, I used to play hoopties on blocks plottin man like who he gon pop In this tragic city, now I'm Bankheadin 4 tens headin down in ATL's Magic City Yes the stash is pretty, and the mag hold 50 We take ova towns, then send the Rovers 'round Lookin fa hoes to pound, ya local hoochie spot Lookin fa hoochies hot, to get they coochie popped I love the titty bars, I love my niggaz pa Dipset, Pimp Squad yo lets get it pa (Bun-B talking) Yeah already trill niggaz in this bitch UGK know what I'm sayin. Thats off top fool You already know. Wreck it boyz. Go down like that What up Jones. Dipset nigga (verse 3 Bun B) Bitch my Cadillac is candy and my pistol is pearl My best friend is a pimp and his bottom bitch is ya girl I got them 84's that clank, the big diamonds that blank Plus them hoes that pop pills, smoke kill, and sip drank Fuck what ya think I'm tryin to tell you how life is give it and take it My lil brotha in the pen, where niggaz shiv'rin and shakin We got a million dollar team, wit one gone So I'm takin my 500 to flip in the game to have somethin for 'em when he come home My two older brothers locked up, both of 'em smokin Principals gon be fucked up my lil neices and nephew heartbroken Seein Daddy in a cage at that age, it fuck ya mind up So at this stage in the game I gots to really get my grind up So you gon see me in yo city doin a verse or a show Or maybe even servin these niggaz a couple of dem thangs on the low Dipset affiliated so you can hate it or love it But it you keep pushin ya luck bitch my middle fingers gon shove it Know what I'm sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Roy Jones Jr. f/ Bun B, Magic, Mike Jones, Perion Album: Roy Jones Jr. Presents Body Head Bangerz Vol. 1 Song: 24's Typed by: blockburner@blockburner.com [Hook- Perion] You can find me on 24's Blowin on a pound of dro Getting gone in the wind Sitting behind tint Getting bent You can't see me But you smell the smoke Oh yeah *Repeat [Bun B] Now what you know bout the H town clutch city the throwdest with them big body slab swangers on the grind and you know this got them buttons and bumper kits them buckles and belts with pop trunk, shiny grill keeping it Trill with ourself we break left and lack turn to the right and bust his glock off - what and if one time roll up we ain't fittin turn this knock off I'm a crank this surround up and show him my thang and if we need us another corner to slang it ain't a thang we got that 3rd Ward, that Yellowstone, 5th Ward and the Acres dirty dub back to the Southside we fulla bar breakers so anywhere you wanna take us guarantee you can show him up I'm a crank him like a seal on a PT and pour him up Paul Wall the OG Ron C to slow him up so if ya'll reppin some down ass hoods player than throw 'em up keep the Trillness in front of me and them haters behind me so Magic if you're lookin Bum B this how you gone find me...my nigga -how- [Hook] [Magic] I'm on the 10 goin' West and I'm heading straight to the H From Louisiana got money to make They got some bitches I didn't cut Some clubs I didn't crash Some bars I haven't run up the tab on a nigga ass Neglecting my nuts I work too much fuck gettin tipsy tryin to get fucked up I need some rup to sip So I can lean in my cut dogg Eyes focused on pussy Run some G on a damn broad I'm with Bun and Mike Gizzle Sippin and dippin til atleast 7 in the morn My 24's I call them the hoe catchers Catch the type of hoes that wouldn't usually sweat ya Bet cha I do it bigger than ya'll 40 gals on call to entertain my dogs just bring me some good and a big fat goo so I can puff and blow smoke on a hater like you [Hook] [Mike Jones] Makin money is all I know 24's is all I roll killa dro that's all I blow in the lime light I shine and glow Mr Magic and Bun B wanna live lavish then come with me As I flip the script in my Humvee Grindin for my currency 281-330-8004 hit Mike Jones up on the low cuz Mike Jones about to blow I'm in a Lex black on black ballin' 24's and up when I'm crawlin grind daily to keep from fallin Got hot now majors callin I'm Mike Jones Puttin down for Swisher house Princess cuts all in my mouth Representin that dirty South Stay on the grind from 9 to 9 Hope and pray one day I'll shine Body Head, Swisher House and Middle Fingers we on the grind I'm in a Benz on Lorenz 24's in the wind My daily routine is pimpin pens I'm Mike Jones -who- Mike Jones -who- Mike Jones Swisher House and Body Head baby [Hook] [Bun B] Listen partner You're to wet behind the ears And you're to dry on the nose Know what I'm talking about What you need to do is help yourself up in the slab Catch a corner with a Trill player like myself I'm a flip you through H Town Know what I'm sayin I'm a keep it real with you I'm a pour ya skee taste, know what I'm sayin I'm a twist you up a Swisher you know what I'm sayin Go on and hit the North Side, South Side, South West I got them Body Head boys with me baby It don't get no Triller than this here No what I'm talking about The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Juvenile f/ Bun B Album: Reality Check Song: Rock Like That Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Juvenile] U.T.P. in the buildin' Sinista on the motherfuckin' track, nigga... I'm ridin' dirty, way low to the grass Whole hood payin' attention to me showin' my ass I just cooked up and the tube was fulled up I sold my whole thang 'cause my dude and them pulled up They talkin' about a nigga like a hurricane forecast Boy kinda ignorant but he could move the coke fast To hell with the talkin' nigga, we could go do it The package right here nigga, let's roll through it I'm down South bred, that's what my mamma and my daddy say Acts like New York and smoke cush the Cali way Gutter, I hustled the corner, cuts and alleyways Word mean nothin' to me, I'm goin' that-a-way I got a dynasty and I ain't throwin' that away I've been investin' my rhyme up on my strategy And I don't feel that it's time to put the strap away It's either that or just I'm full of that Alizee We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These U.T.P. niggaz we rock like that We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Magnolia niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me [Juvenile] I don't cut no corners to jip for no figures I ain't kissin' no ass to live with no nigga I don't need this rap shit, bitch I'm in these streets When Cash Money didn't pay me, I still got sleep Get capped, you're on the phone, tell her I need the teeth To set the nigga up to get his Jesus piece She used to run it with Nate Dean, now she's a beast Got her daughter sellin' pussy for a G at least I move a lil' work, ain't nothin' to brag on Somethin' to keep me nice and my homie to tag on 24 inch shoes on the rag on I got shit poppin' in my hood and I'm that strong Fiends keep smokin', please don't quit You want another hit? - fiend on this But watch it, the gun is under the shirt now Me lead love and me will keep sendin' the work down We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These U.T.P. niggaz we rock like that We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Magnolia niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me [Bun B] Keep it trill, keep it gangsta, pimpin' keep it 100 Before a nigga be done got killed and I'm the one who done it I'm in H-Town baby, the home of the hoe sale Where niggaz don't just give you a brick They give you the whole deal Drug deals goin' down at ten dollar motels Keep it on the down-low 'cause somebody might go tell Like it, get you what you need, just have yo' mail And send your people 'round here so I can get some more sale Know that I got more yayo that most niggaz goin' I'm gettin' it from the same niggaz bringin' all the 'dro in I'm 'bout to get it dropped off, I'ma let you know when ("Shit, I'm tryin' to spend like fifty wit ya, dogg) Shit, fo' sho' then Bring your money with you, counted and wrapped up And move like you 'sposed to be movin' because we strapped up Don't get yourself clapped up for no reason Cause we won't hesitate when it come down to the squeezin' We rock like that 'cause we rock like that These 3rd Coast niggaz we rock like that Cause we rock like that 'cause we rock like that These Rap-A-Lot niggaz we rock like that You can get it quick to your head, homeboy I don't think you wanna fuck with me You can get it quick to your head, lil' mama I don't think you wanna fuck with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killa Kyleon f/ Bun B Album: Welcome to Tha Hood Song: Hood Hop Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) I'm fin to give you half a brick Of Killa Kyleon nigga, and the other half Gon be the legend himself Bun B Nigga H-Town in this motherfucker, run it [Hook] I'ma slang my caine, swang my swang Pop my trunk, bang my bang Grip my grain, recline my leather H-Town hoe, they can't do it no better [Kyleon] I'm a Mack like Goldie, game like Kobe I'm real and you shady, like Eminem and Obie The game's hottest thang, since a iced out Rolley I'm Shaq in the paint, motherfuckers can't hold me Somebody please show me, a nigga mo' liver You H2O flow, Killa flow like lava Ain't nothing but riders, in my click bitch And just like Rick James, I'm rich bitch My flow like bronchitis, I'm sick bitch So when you listen, you gon say that this some sick shit I'm a G but, Killa ain't that boy from the Clover Like P, you don't wanna go to war with a soldier I'ma aim thangs, that'll put your brains on your shoulder Then send you up to heaven, to go hang with Jehovah Now the game over, go find a reverend Cause niggaz coming up dead, like 9/11 Now your mama in the church house, crying and yelling He fucked with the wrong niggaz, we was trying to tell him Whoa, niggaz know that Killa Kyleon harder I upset these niggaz, like Antonio Tarva I cut up the beats, like a motherfucking barber I'm a 17 shot, you just a six shot revolver Fin to run the game, like Nino did to Carter Houston's unorganized, I'm finna put it back in order (*talking*) Yeah, now that's what I'm talking bout That's that boy Killa Kyleon, right there Repping for Boyz-N-Blue, H-Town stay down I'm fin to do this shit right here UGK style my nigga [Bun B] I got's the eye of the tiger, and the call of the wild When guerillas back down, niggaz fall in the fire So put out your black and mild, you fucking with G's That don't do shit but stack and smile, pistol packing pow Up in the truck and ride down, on your whole hood The cut throat's on the creep, up to no good You got somebody you can call, then you sho' should Cause I'ma come through and burn your ass, like slow wood Work on the highway, doja on the plane Pills through the UPS, I'm thoed in the game Got the drank from the drugsto', and hoes on the corner It's money on the street, and I'ma get it like I wanna Anytime you need to see me, it ain't hard to find me Fingers on the side of me, Boyz-N-Blue's behind me Fuck niggaz in front of me, we shutting 'em down Treat 'em like a Jay-Z shirt, and button 'em down [Hook - 2x] Artist: Killer Mike f/ Bun B, T.I., Trouble Album: R.A.P. Album Song: Big Beast Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Killer Mike] Hardco' G shit, homie I don't play around Ain't shit sweet 'bout the Peach, this Atlanta, clown Home of the dealers and the strippers in the clubs doe Catch you comin out that Magic Cty with a snub, hoe Lurkin in the club, o' tourists muh'fuckers Welcome to Atlanta - up the jewelry, muh'fucker! These monkey niggaz lookin for some Luda and Jermaine and all that nigga found was a Ruger and some pain POW motherfucker POW! Come up off the chain  POW motherfucker POW! One off in they brain  We some money hungry wolves and we down to eat the rich Your bodyguard ain't shit, we strip him like a stripper bitch These real ass killas move in silence with violence The minute it's set off, we the motherfuckin wildest I am from the Atlanta that they never speak upon Where everybody got a sack of dope and a gun [Chorus: Trouble] Now you know just how it goes We ain't playin 'round with that bullshit Nigga, we ain't lettin shit go When you come in you betta come correct It's real G shit, you gotta show respect [Bun B] Once upon a time in the projects An OG saw a young Bun B as a prospect Thought that I would understand the streets from a very young age (age) So he opened up the G-Code to the front page (page) He sat me on the porch, said this where lil' dogs sit Pointed at the yard (yard), said that's where big dogs shit (shit) He said don't leave 'ti yo' ass get growed (growed) And don't come back 'til yo' ass get throwed (throwed) Whatever you want is whatever you can have Bring the pain and leave 'em wet like they soakin in some Suave When you step out on the ave (ave), make sure they wanna see ya  (Wanna see ya) cause bein trill is an onomatopoeia Be about it like a G, a hater wanna catch ya slippin (slippin) Tried to be a Jordan, but settle for a Pippen Playa I ain't even trippin (trippin), but I don't really care Because my pistol's in yo' face so put yo' hands in the air [T.I.] In '96, I'm ridin with a pistol grip banana clip From Simpson Road to Adamsville, I'm reppin this Atlanta shit Nigga tryna handle us, let's see can they handle this A hunnid rounds at 'em, that N-O Louisiana shit Drinkin on that Hennessey, blowin on that cannabis AmeriKKKa's nightmare, trap nigga fantasy Record full of felonies, searchin for a better me But choppers go off in my hood like Iraq, Cuba, Tel Aviv Shoot a nigga, let 'em bleed... fuck 'em shawty Sucka nigga I'll never be, don't give a fuck about it Quick to run up on that Audi, make him get the fuck up out it Nigga better be about it, he deserve it, he allow it What's a coward to a kamikaze? He ain't robbin  Man this predator and prey/pray, the Lord nature where I stay I catch you slippin with that K, ain't no illusion, no confusion Betta come up off that cake nigga and all that jewelery or you snoozin! [Killer Mike] Wa da dang! Wa da da da da dang! Listen to my Kimber 45 go BANG! Bang! BANG! Grind Time rap gang We the readers of the books and the leaders of the crooks Predators, we eyeballin all of y'all lames Let me fall off, I'm takin all of y'all chains All of y'all watches and all of y'all cars Well who he talkin to? All of y'all stars! All of y'all rappers and producers and such No homo promo homie, you might get yo' ass touched~! Like Def Jam circa '83 you get +RUSH'ed+ If you rollin with some winners then you rollin with US! I know some dumb country niggaz but them niggaz ain't we Know they dress and look the part but them niggaz ain't G I don't make dance music, this is R.A.P. Opposite, of that sucka shit they play on TV The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killer Mike f/ Bun B, T.I. Album: Monster Song: Re-Akshon Remix Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [T.I. talking] Aye, aye Bun who did this man? So me and you got, T.I.P., Killer Mike, Lil Jon, and Bun B So that's the King of the South.. the Underground King.. the King of Crunk.. and King Kong all on the same song Heheh.. aye Jon, they ain't ready We taking it on back to the trap my nigga! [Hook] I got them 'bows on my 'lac - swervin on these niggaz! I got the hoe up in the back - bumpin niggaz figgaz! I got the weed in my sack - smokin on that killa! In the hood where I'm at - trappin with my niggaz! I got the NEW NEW... (Killa K-K-K-Killa Killa...) NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..) NEW NEW... (K-K-K-Killa Killa..) NEW NEW... (Niggaz don't wanna touch the Killa..) [T.I.] Man we been throwin raps for too long Aye whatchu wanna do homes? I'm finna pull this heat and have you fetal like a new-born T.I.P., Mike, and Bun B - scared whatchu better be We was just the kings, now we heads of a legacy Leaders of the new south, fake niggaz move out He talkin loud and proud, but he scared with a tool out I'm the nigga they be askin what we gon' do bout? Mike told me "fuck them niggaz, bring that New New out" Tank the Chevy, buy the Caddie, bring the 22's out Put the city back on top, just seperate the fools now We had lots of misrepresentation but hey we cool now Can't keep playin both sides of the fence, you got to choose now The realest of the real or the fakest of the fake If ya got it on ya chest, shawty say it to my face When ya hold ya nuts in hatred, ya only rushin til ya wait And we gon' show them people what it really is in the A [Hook] [Killer Mike] Straight from Atlanta, the hog hand-ler Grown folk trap, scramb-ler Knee deep, means to get them G's to my manager My mack-10 made for action, body-baggin and throat braggin I'll drag 'em threw the river like a bad yellow nigga I'm mashin with pops fashion, bustin first no questions askin You gon' off that waterboat and thinkin you can hold me I'm, King Kong on every track, no cap-sule can hold me I'll THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP, when I BUMP BUMP BUMP BUMP! It's woofers, tweeters, speakers, geekers, ALL IN YO' TRUNK! My dad ain't raise no fag, my mom ain't had no punk We don't hesitate or negotiate, we pop Chevy trunks From the home of Coca-Cola, I'm not referrin to soda I'ma grind til I shine, or die going for mine Sick Sawyer buy my side, swervin and blowin pine Don't be a victim to a Killer, be a father to ya son This Re-Akshon, Killa Kill, T.I.P., and Bun [Hook] [Bun B] Bitch I'm coming live from the trunk and I thrive on the funk Cuz I'd rather die like a man than survive like a punk I'm no coward, I'm 'dro-powered, you gettin Twin-Towered devoured - it's a shit-storm and you bout to get showered From Broward county to Harris, Pasadena to Paris I embarrass niggaz on chrome wheels as big as the ferris Cuz there is, now way now how - I stay low-key, low-brow In that black on black on black in the 'lac cuz I'm so wild I get, drunk off that, I'll be high off this I might pop one of those, it don't matter my nigga - I don't miss They put me hot on list, where players are posted But them players we posted up on corners, when they say and get roasted And the prayer get toasted, cuz I keep the flame on The face for the game on - leave a stain on anything I puts my name on Disrespect and the tech'll peck a player like Woody Cuz cain't nuttin keep a trill nigga down, ask Khujo Goodie [Hook] [Killer Mike talking] All I gotta say is sucker emcees better run The debate is now, who's the greatest emcee? T.I.P., Killer Mike, or Bun? We are not doing this for fun - this is a bloodsport Emcees are dying, mothers are crying and wack-ass niggaz will go out trying It is officially a new day, I am officially the new mouth AND THESE ARE THE EMCEES OF THE NEW SOUTH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: La the Darkman & Willie The Kid f/ Bun B Album: Dead Presidents Song: We Gone Grind Typed by: Davida.b. [Chorus 2X: Bun B] Cus when times is hard, we gon hustle And when the money get low, we gon grind See they don't treat a nigga fair But we really don't care Cus even though we broke, we gon shine [La the Darkman] It's about that time, if you wanna grind, you know how I'm feeling Move them os, trying to stack my paper to he ceiling Lord willing, I'm a see more than a couple million Couple grams, couple coups, couple jeeps, and I'm chilling I got work for cheap, Air Ones on my feet And it's always winter cis I keep the heat So discreet, but I'm heavy, rims twenty four pervellys And my range same color as strawberry jelly I'm like DMX in Belly, putting down a small town And my gun will blow the nose off of any clown Ask around, I'm a mobster, eating shrimp and lobster LA, I'm a done, these dudes are just imposters [Chorus 2X] [La the Darkman] I be in Texas, nigga getting grip, hennessey to sip I-10 is the highway from them out of state trips With them grips, heading to New York, stick em with the fork And I ball like pumpkin for the love of the sport Naked bitches taking pictures for the love of my riches Stick tight with my niggas, stay far from them snitches Suberbs to the trenches, I work the whole turf Any problem with my paper, somebody will get hurt Riding Benz in the back slw, sipping on Yak See me now, I dun came a long way selling crack And I move like it's telling me, Atlanta to Tennessee Bums and yay, weed, plants, or that ecstasy [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Boosie & Lil Webbie f/ Bun B Album:  Gangsta Musik Song:   Give Me That Typed by: MizKutiePy@aol.com (Oh) Girl give me that (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that Girl give me that (pussy) (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that Girl give me that (pussy) (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that there Girl give me that pussy (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that [Lil Webbie] - Verse 1 You know you want it Girl don't act like you don't want it Girl I want it just as bad as you do And look see I can tell from this lil vibe You got me feeling that you dig me Boo I'm digging you too You wanna be one of the chosen few Then gon jig up in this motherfucker Maybe me and you can do it big up in this motherfucker Sit you in a crib where you can chill Don't have to move a muscle Give you some be good now you be good Daddy gon hustle Come here let me Whisper in your ear I gotta tell you something Listening to this song kinda make a nigga want something Did some daydreaming Now I'm fiending like I'm on something Girl don't hold it from me Cause right now I'll be don strong on ya I ain't the type to ruin your life By running game and throwing your dreams Get in your brain suit your game Ease your pain and show you things Sit you on some leather seats while blowing green And switching lanes Girl stop playing games let me beat it out the frame [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there [Bun B from UGK] - Verse 2 She five foot seven a hundred and thirty nine pounds Thirty six twenty four thirty eight pretty fine brown Bad lil broad I ain't seen her in a minute Since the All-Star game and I'm still tryin to hit it Got a baby for this nigga that I used to sell things He caught a fed case and he ain't leave her no change She sold all his jewels she sold all his cars Now she dancing in the shaker club stripping for the stars Sliding down the pole slow drop it to a split Pussy popping on a handstand man she the shit She still looking tight though Still built right though Run my game right and after the club She might go back to the telly with me Shake her jelly with me Let my people bust on her face and her belly with me I got Lil Webbie with me and he ain't hating We some players in this bitch so baby stop hesitating [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there [Lil Webbie] - Verse 3 Now I can tell from your size that that pussy is fire So I'm here and willing to give you whatever it require For you to lay down on your back and then open your thighs Long sharp deep and wide have you rolling your eyes You a big fine horse I had no choice but to try it Look like it's worth a couple g's but ain't some shit I buy Let me whisper in your ear again I ain't gon lie I might share a lil meal just don't tell nobody Look you know you want it Girl don't act like you don't want it Girl you want it just as bad as I do But check this out You gon be wishing that you been gave me your money By the time I finish rumbling with you While rhymes get loose let's take this shit to the room And you just keep yourself excited til we get to the room Cuz I've been rocked up since I met you I'm ready to give you the blues Don't stunt now take off your shoes Don't act confused you know what time it is [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artst: Lil Fame & Termanology f/ Bun B Album: Fizzyology Song: Hustler's Ringtone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [sample from "Poisonous Products" by Boogie Down Productions] "Make it sweet, NOW!!" [Intro: Termanology] + (Lil Fame) Get dat guap, gotta get dat guap Get, get dat guap, gotta get dat guap Get, get dat guap, gotta get dat guap Gotta get dat guap, get, get dat guap (This is the ringtone...) (Hustler's ringtone...) Get dat guap, gotta get dat guap Gotta get dat guap, get, get dat guap [Termanology] So what? I sell twenty dollar bags of the lye Smoke half the weed and I never throw five I'm so live, I could sell a honey jar to a beehive and they'd never realize I'm so true, and so fool like I rolled through a black church sellin soul food ("NOW!!") Huh, so if you like the watch The shit stolen, but it shine, call it +Icy Hot+ Ch'eah; and I ain't stressin if I might get dropped cause I never been signed, see the way that I rhyme I'm a hustler muh'fucker I don't follow the line I'll sell anything that God's mind made or designed Outrageous is how I'm, comin off to some people You still can't deny the boy stay on his grind I'm a grade A hustler, smuggler, embezzler And since you a customer go holla at the register [Chorus: Termanology] + (Lil Fame) (This is the ringtone...) Get get dat guap (Hustler's ringtone...) Get get dat guap (I sell it for cheap homes...) Gotta get dat guap (Got what you need homes...) Get dat guap (Hit me on my cell phone...) Get get dat guap (This is the ringtone...) Get, get dat guap, gotta get dat guap Gotta get dat guap, get, get dat guap [Bun B] Let's get it... yeah~! You already know it's Mr. No Promo Give me beats by Primo, I go in, no homo Give me beats by Fame I'll make you +Famous+ like +Billy+ +Danze+ keep your hands where I can see 'em - no really "Get 'Em High" like Talib, cause the heater sittin next to my rib, is ready and willin, cause that's how I live ("NOW!!") Gotta get home to my kids, wifey and mommy too So for nothin less than that, homey I will body you Wrap up rappers like candy; with the microphone I'm kinda handy so sucker MC's can't stand me Twinkle toes niggaz dressin dandy I fuck over your plan A, so try a plan B! (Aw naw) Term' said that tight pants is for chicks And some of you cats got cameltoes instead of dicks (Instead of dicks) Pause!! You got a pussy in your drawers Hear my ringtone and haters start callin the laws Pack it up we gotta go [Termanology] Soon as I wakes up doe! Aiyyo, whatever he slang he do it on prepaid It's no trace when he gettin his papes I stretch, 9 eightballs out a O-Z Fuck that 3.5 shit we sell 'em for 3 Huh, I cakes up, soon as I wake up Got a hundred grams in the room I gotta break up ("NOW!!") Break down, bag up Ship it out, re-up You wanna stretch it you gotta recompress it And if they wanna test it you tell 'em hit the exit (Fuck outta here!) 'Less they wanna cook, they you gotta sell 'em raw Sell 'em that butter shit, they comin back for more 'til 3 or 4, round 5 or 6 They be comin back around for another fix I know this other chick, she be whylin out Two cheeseburgers talkin 'bout "I'll suck yo' dick!" (Fuck you say?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Flip f/ Bun B, Young Buck Album: Game Over 12" Song: Game Over 12" Typed by: playboy224@go.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (Hahahahaha)(wooo) Game Over, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yeah Game Over, (yeah, the remix) The remix, the remix, the remix Clover geeeeees in the building (game over), (fo sho, fo sho, fo sho) We got G-unit it the building (game over), (fo sho, fo sho, fo sho,) UGK in the building (game over), (fo sho, fo sho, fo sho) It's Lil' Flip, Young Buck and Bun B holla at em' [Young Buck] My Chain hanging twenty fo's on my escalde and… I Smoke so much a lot of people might think I'm a jamacian I know just where to take em' straight to the dirty dirty Where Bun come from, and Lil' Flip flip them birdie birdies Me and Banks Bank heading out in ATL 50 riding with me blowing sticky down in cashville We keep the club crunk ya'll know how we do it Now let me see you stomp (stomp) in your G-units They say I'm dressed like a thug, they won't let me in Security better move or get up on my level then The hood in here, where they at, (here we go buck) Now let's buy the bar and drink till we throw up (Now who they want?) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (game over) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (Now who they want?) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (game over) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (Now who they want?) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (game over) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (Now who they want?) Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip, Flip (game over) [Lil' Flip] Lil' Flip is in the building, oh boy (oh boy) Ah shit I had to do a remix I got a thousand dollar shirt, plus three hundred dollar kicks I know you mad cause your gal love my voice (ooooooo) I know you mad I'm on the cover of the source (nooooooo) I take fifteen minutes to drop a track boy You ain't know I got Houston tatted on my back boy I be in Philly with "Beans", I be with "50" in queens I be in Houston with Bun, I keep a gun From the crack game, to the rap game But my main goal is to try to stack change I'm number one on the charts you at the bottom boy Cause if you drop when I drop, it's a problem boy I got kicks for days, I move bricks and haze I'm big pimping like "Jay" we choppin' blades And clover gees on top of my chain When I die put a crown on top of my name, holla (now who they want) (Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh) (now who they want) [Bun B] It's the king of the underground, the king of the thrill In that candy Cadillac with pinky ring on the wheel Diamonds against the wood, southern side stunting And it's nothing for Bun B to come down on them bustas I saw your rims fool, the spinners but they not dammit See that's that half ass hustling, let's not have it You wanna ball with the best, just go ball with the rest Got more TV's in my car then best buy You can just cry, your crew or a takeover My nine' will give you a new grill like extreme makeover Do this Pimp C, come home we move the fake over To lame over, and it's the same cause the… game (over) [Chorus X2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon & the Eastside Boyz f/ Bun G, MJG Album: Kings of Crunk Song: Diamonds Typed by: AtlBoyShawty@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Diamonds in my peace of chain Diamonds in my piece of Diamond diamonds in my piece of chain Diamonds in my piece of Diamonds diamonds in my piece of chain Diamonds in my piece of Diamond diamonds in my piece of chain Diamonds in my piece of chain [Lil Jon Talking] Yea This shit right here (whats up) For all my niggas in the south (ok) Makin big dough (know what I'm talking bout) Makin big long dollars All my niggas in H-Town New Orleans, Dallas Texas Mississippi All over the south Shit of course the ATL (All over the south) All my niggas rockin those diamonds and pieces in there chains [MJG] Now we done talked about the pinky ring And talked about the gold grill So tell me What's left to give really yo spine a cold chill We call some call em diamonds We call em ice It varies in the sizes the shape The color and the price From canary yellow, ruby red to baby blue One stone or maybe two Fuck it cause we all cant be babies fool Some of its jazzy Some of it cant be real Nigga say its sittin platinum Knowin its stainless steel shit I seen all kinds of medallions On the necks of rappers Drug dealers, Marks, ball players and stallions ??? shit they buy them hoes by the dozen O.G. nigga get a new piece Pass the old down to his cousin Spell out your name, your corner, your clique I know a pimp that got a piece with a bitch sucking his dick So what you waiting for you shy men?  Come join the fly men That'll push like hymens for (diamonds) With perfect timing [Chorus](2x) [Bun B.] Some folks'll kill to have a real diamond You get some grade A rocks and in 20years they still shining No need to worry, women will find em But if they gaze at yo karrots for to long it will blind em Cubic Zirconia helped the whole hood fine Now that everybody can bling we having good times I'm writing clever rhymes feeling like forever grindin A diamond in the rough Buff me up and hear me shine I used to hit these streets and slang Hussling in these peoples game Now its just for piece n' thang I aint tryin' to preach you man I aint tryin' to heat your flame I just wanna teach your brain I'm so full of flavor I'm give some to the weak and blang M-J- fucking G Touch me I'm in reaching range Lets hit the beach and hang For pimpin ill be the blame A ??? droppin this knowledge will help me explain About my Diamonds, my pimpin and my piece of chain [Chorus](2xs) [Lil Jon] Yea Yea Yeeeaah Bitch I'm coming down Coming down tough Bitch I'm coming down with them diamonds I'm my cup Im shining so hard My pinky ring done Ruby in the middle Got yo baby mama frozen 25 karrots in the BME piece To many karrots in my mother fucking teeth In my chain Them thangs Big like boulders My rocks cutting up like Taliban soldier [Big Sam] Cause down in the dirty it aint no drama or no beef Its all about them diamonds in yo piece I guarantee Man I know a nigga wit a mouth full of gold On the top he had the SOUTH And on the bottom LIKE WHOA Big Sam with 36 off in my chain 4½ off in my wood a woodgrain And my piece I'm bout to precious cut them thangs With 200 thousand to make that hoe blang blang [Chorus](5xs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ Bun B, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Nas, T.I. Album: Crunk Juice Song: Grand Finale Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*SIREN sounds*} [Intro: Lil' John talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to this motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz (Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!" [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11 [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair 'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill 'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross 'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz f/ Bun B, E-40, Eightball, Petey Pablo Album: Kings of Crunk Song: Rep Yo City Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com [Intro: Lil' Jon] Ahh!, ahh!, ahh!... ahh!, ahh!, ahh! Ahh!, ahh!, ahh!... ahh!, ahh!, ahh! [Chorus: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround) Rep yo city!!! (what!), rep yo city!!! (what!) Rep yo city!!! (what!, fuck that shit!, what!), rep yo city!!! (what!) Rep yo city!!! (what!), rep yo city!!! (what!, fuck that shit!) My niggaz run this bitch! (nah hoe!!) (hey!) My niggaz run this bitch! (nah hoe!!) (hey!) My niggaz run this bitch! (nah hoe!!) (hey!) My niggaz run this bitch! (nah hoe!!) (hey!) [Verse 1: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] - (repeat 2X) Cut loose motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! In the club motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! In the truck motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! Throw it up motherfucker, go back, go hard!!! [Verse 2: E-40] We thirty deep (thirty deep), we bleed the block (bleed the block) We milk the Ave. for damn near everything the Ave. got (Ave. got) We do the fools (do the fools!), we act a nut (act a nut) Set it off up in this bitch and tear the club up! What it do?, what it is? Pimp Juice (Pimp Juice) Got a car with the cups in the trunk (in the trunk) For the thugs and broads with the G-string drawers Up in here, straight break it all off (break it all off) Where the dig dogs at?, what city or set you claim? Fame, X.O., several drinks of champagne (champagne) Hustlers in the game trying to maintain, lost your chain Out of control, we so cold (so cold) I'm on another level (another level) Went head up with the devil (with the devil) I never been a sucker (been a sucker) I always been a rebel (been a rebel) What's your stomping ground? (stomping ground?) What turf you from? (turf you from?) What's your city playboy? (what's your city?) mine 94591 Vallejo! (Vallejo!) that's all I yell (that's all I yell) Speaking of yell, I hope I don't have to go back to slanging llello (slanging llello) We fucking around (fucking around), my niggaz out there in Oakland, D-Town Put it down from my house all the way to your house Back to the fucking South! [Chorus: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround) [Verse 3: Petey Pablo] Could it be the way that I be repping (why?!), for my niggaz Could it be the way that Petey Petey (ride!), for my niggaz Show a nigga love (love!, raise up motherfucker!!) You need to be reaching down pulling your god damn shirt up, that's love! Wherever you live, wherever you from, wherever you call your home Wherever you lay your God damn Kangol down motherfucker! Wherever you check your cheese, turn C.R.E.A.M., make that butter Wherever your ass got lots of fat for all that God damn trunk Y'all niggaz don't understand the seriousness of what Petey be saying I took an unknown piece of land (and planted), a God damn flag Say I didn't (did!), motherfucker I'd die for this I've done my God damn thing, I brought my folks in this summer bitch Hot Atlanta!, the Bay Area!, y'all niggaz don't want no noise (noise!) With Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz (Boyz!) Y'all niggaz don't want no shit (shit!) With E-40 & The Click (The Click!) You can say what you want homeboy (homeboy!) It'll always be what it is (hey!) [Chorus: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround) [Verse 4: Bun B] From the land of the trill, where the vanity's real And your man'll be peeled or at least branded, God damn it we ill More horror than Amityville, no sorrow, hand me the steel Your tomorrow I can't even feel - ought to be planning your will UGK ain't dropped in a while, but still we stoping your smile Keeping boppers in file, standing on top of the pile And you'll get popped with a smile, this ain't about shopping in style This about syrup and candy paint, you see us chopping for miles Out the black and the 'Lac, swingers clap and if they take your flax You'll get smacked for your packs, paper stacks and you'll crack-back your back Hold up, they got game to sell you, from drugs to paraphenalia Guns that'll never fail you, ask Rollie B, he'll tell you [Verse 5: Eightball] Memph', Tenn representer (uh), Orange Mile nigga (yeah) Symbol of the South, legendary rhyme spitter (uh huh) From Memphis to Mississippi, deep off in the woods (uh) From ATL to MIA, deep off in the hood (yeah) Twankies on coupes (yeah), money making sluts (what?) You tripping if you ain't got 22's on your truck (uh) Dogs in the yard (yeah), pistol on the seat (uh) Sticky rolled up for them blunt monkey freaks My nigga Earl hollered (what's up?) Big Ball got it popping (that's right) Smoked me a couple, hit the studio and dropped it For all my dawgs who keep it G and keep it crunk Represent yo city, let them know where you from [Chorus: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz] + (Petey Pablo in backround) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//lil_keke/allstars/already.kek.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//lil_keke/allstars/already.kek.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Keke f/ Paul Wall, U.G.K. Album: The Day Hell Broke Loose 3/Loved by Few, Hated by Many Song: Chunk Up the Deuce Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Hook] I chunk up the deuce for the South and the North Boys talkin down and boys wanna hate I chunk up the deuce for the South and the North Boys talkin down don't make me pull out the choppa I chunk up the deuce for the South and the North Boys talkin down, I'll leave 'em on the streets dead I chunk up the deuce for the South and the North Boys talkin down, I got them diamonds in my mouth [Paul Wall] Well it's that grain gripper from Houston, Tex That barre sipper that barre no plex I'm straight up outta that Swishahouse, where G. Dash write all the checks So check the neck, check the wrist, I'm balla status from head to toe My jewelry shop sell more grills than George Foreman, baby now y'know That ain't a igloo, that's my watch; and that ain't snow, baby that's my chain That's not a ice tray, that's my teeth; and that's not a snow cone, that's my ring That ain't Kool-Aid up in my cup, I stay sippin that purple oil I stay flippin the slab on 4's, 'cause I'ma hustler 'til I'm in the soil My wrist game is one of a kind, Patek Philippe worth a 100K My work schedule out on the block, it's mash all night and grind all day No 401K for a hustler, just bleed the block and stack that paper M.O.B. when it comes to hoes and a .40 cal when it comes to haters We authentic playas not counterfeit, gotta 600 Benz with a fall kit Got hoes at the HK turning tricks, out runnin the track tryna make me rich I'm too legit to quit, stackin up that paper 'til I'm gone So I'ma be workin wood wheel and catchin splinters Ridin 20 inches or better in chrome [Hook] [Lil' Keke] Yeah.. Don Ke! Houston, Tex; got the streets burnin, poppin seals with them 4's turnin Rookie boys they still learning, losing cash, I'm still earning Get my bread when I shake the Fed, keep them dimes in and out my bed Jump in the drop to convert the top and let 'em bop on candy red Leather seats with that wood out, they don't know what my hood 'bout Tryna take the young Don's spot, I'm platinum ball and still hot Haters off in my mix again, pimpin broads plus pimpin pens Multiplying, I gotta win; keep that ice looking clear as Gin Out the roof still chunking deuce, ridin slab and hoppin juice Diamond grill with plenty skills, just pass the mic and I let it loose Independent still chasing bucks, 22's on Porsche and trucks Model chicks with them big ole butts, killa clans with them big ole nuts Hit the club with my game tight, hoes bobbin my fame right Did her thang the same night, boys talkin it's all hype Cut the check when I run my mouth, roll the green like I'm playin golf Texas boys be goin off, representing the North and South [Hook] [Pimp C] I'm from Port Arthur, Texas; represent it 'til I'm dead (dead) Pimpin almost died in the 80's, boys was scared (scared) Bitches was on crack, and the 'Lacs wasn't rollin (rollin) But the game done been revived 'cause now the Southside is holdin (huh!) Pockets stay swollen (huh!), what do we do with all this cash? (cash) Drive '84 Biarritz with TV's jumpin up out the dash (dash) Pistol in the stash even though I'm on parole (role) Nigga try me with that fuck it, bitch I'll leave ya body cold (cold) {*echoes*} [Bun B] From the land of grain (grain), drippin paint (paint), 84's and a chrome grill This Texas baby (huh), dirty South (South), P.A.T.; you know we real We pack the K's (K's), Desert Eag's (Eag's), AR's and them 38's We servin nothing but Charlie White, playa we don't sell that dirty weight Big Bun B'da, hold it down (down), rep the town to the fullest (fullest) Whether it be on the mic or in the streets bustin them bullets (bullets) Don't put it with me (with me), I won't pull it on you and leave you ventilated U.G.K. is back on the block and you marks is finna hate it [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Keke & Slim Thug f/ Bun B Album: The Big Unit Song: Oh Buddy Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] When you see me in the club, and I'm acting up You'll be like (they go), oh oh oh buddy When you see ma in the club, backing up You'll be like (they go), oh oh oh buddy When you see me in a Benz, with a bad ass chick You'll be like (they go), oh oh oh buddy When you see me at the telly, with your girl in my whip You'll be like (they go), oh oh oh buddy [Slim Thug] Oh buddy, here come the Slim Thuggy Looking lovely, in the club on bubbly It get ugly, when the Boss show up Bartenders, know I'm bout to buy the Crys' and po' up Fuck a glass cup, me and my niggaz got bottles Mash on Benz throttles, and knock down models Ghetto stars, all got at least six cars The cleanest ones in the parking lot, that's ours We got money and the power, respect and game On the hustle so much, we expecting change Been to a lot of big places, cause I got big faces I do the kinda dirt, that'll get you big cases (oh oh buddy), when you look at my piece (oh oh buddy), when you look at my teeth It's a shining pair, filled with diamond squares Sometimes I think, all the cash I got ain't fair [Hook] [Bun B] Say mayn, I use to be last in line at the club Now I'm V.I.P., I walk pass the line at the club In my gator shoes, and my gator clothes Demari and Izar, La Cast on you hater hoes King of the underground, Bun ain't gotta remind ya Sweat no brow, there's always one hiding behind ya Little bit finer, with a lot of designer Clothes in the closet, that blow you right out of my mind Now baby girl, you already know my ear mode Triple play party, in the backseat of the limo You on one, but your girlfriend is on two You want me and she want you, here's what we gon do Oh buddy, I wanna entertain your company Oh buddy, they chose eachother right in front of me And then I'm going from one to two, and from two to one Cause this here, ain't nothing new to Bun so [Hook] [Lil' Keke] Hit the parking lot swiftly, so nifty 22's spin on the truck, a 3-60 Get in the Lac Slim in the back, chrome leather wood in the gat Covered in black, look at the mack Oh buddy, sipping on some'ing muddy Tasting so lovely, got's to be bubbly We doing it pursuing it, you never ruin it Lil' Keke the Don, representing for Big Unit The H2, working the MP3's Plus the 7-4-5, on the D-U-B's We slab riding, hang gliding and all that Voicemail picking up, call me right back I'm on tour, probably dressed in Valore All eyes on me, like I'm Tupac Shakur The Dirty Dirty, getting all the loot And it's one thang fa sho man, the Don the truth [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Bun B, Twista Album: The Naked Truth Song: We Don't Give a Fuck Typed by: da_only_baller@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Take that nigga chain, we don't give a fuck Hit that nigga up, we don't give a fuck Jack that nigga truck, we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck, he ain't down with us Take that nigga chain, we don't give a fuck Hit that nigga up, we don't give a fuck Jack that nigga truck, we don't give a fuck We don't give a fuck, he ain't down with us [Verse 1: Lil' Kim] I Brooklyn Bounce nigga, in Dirty South down to the ATL Rep B.I.G. to death, betta watch what come out ya breath We thuggin', thuggin', we thuggin' Honey girl Queen B double E-E I'm heatin' up in oven, no bitch is comin' like me We get by, we get crunk, we spit fire, we got pumps We get high, we get drunk, we got heat for ya'll punks Can't find you layin', my fam is not playin' Gotta get that money, that money, that money, money You don't want no problems man, none if you get outta lane We comin' like the Taliban, poppin' like a collar man Cowards want to violate, then we got to demonstrate You faggot niggaz tellin', when we see you we be yellin' [Verse 2: Bun B] Bitch I been trill ever since the day I came out my mommas cock Come on down to that Dirty South, you gon' see I got it locked I can go on any block and on any hood and on any town Runnin' deep with money and jewelery and holdin' myself down Connected to every heavy nigga across the U.S My cocaine is the whitest and my diamonds are the bluest My city is the trillest and my niggaz are the truest Got everything to gain and nothing to lose, so let's do this We load 'em up, cock 'em back, let 'em go we knock 'em off Cut off all his cake, rocks, and eggs, this nigga block 'em off It's B-U-N for UGK, straight up out that B-A-T Holdin' it down for K-I-M, reppin' for Pimp C, let's see 'em bitch [Verse 3: Twista] Big cars, big trucks, big nuts when it comin' up off the dust Think it's funny 'til he comin' up out the club Gonna getcha money when I'm comin' up out the cut If I catch a nigga slippin', I'ma tell a nigga know that shit Then I snatch that chain When he leave his friends, I'ma get him out his ends And his Benz, make him cash that train Come out the dark and get the lights on Turn together, get it up Take his watch, take his bracelet, take his dust, take his truck I can't help it to get itchy if I see the nigga ballin' Nigga yes ya'll then I gotta get a piece of that Steady figure with the Jacob in the bezel with charm Well come over hear I got a little heat for that AK-47 and the Desert Eagle with a sawed-off pump Got a what, an E-95 with leather grip And a Mac-11 comin' out the trunk Got what, a black ski mask and leather gloves And duct tape I can get what I want Got what, when the Queen and the Twist ride on them bitches We don't give a fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' O f/ U.G.K. Album: Blood Money Song: Who's Snitching Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) 3rd Coast what, know I'm tal'n bout uh  Smoke some'ing, hol' up [Lil' O] Man I rush you, two glocks drawn and bust you You a lil' nigga I'm heavyweight, I'll crush you Touch you, right in front of your partnas like fuck you And won't nan one them niggaz say shit, I hush fools When they see what I pack, they say damn who is that It made that nigga sounding soft, flipped and land on his back And we don't want none of that, mayn fuck that nigga We wasn't close anyways, I had to bust that nigga Quick to do a 1-8-7, on niggaz tattle telling Fat Rat Wit Da Cheeze, put seven in his melon Then hopped into the Lac, then I'm bailing But that's what he get, for fucking round with these felons Cause you a snitch, true this ass nigga Grab the ski mask, and come do your ass nigga And really I don't give a damn who you is nigga, cause I'm way too raw See you bump you dick suckers, man I bump boys off [Hook] Someone snitching to the laws, we gon hang that snitch Straight bang that bitch, cause we trying to get rich Ain't no time for no haters, being all in our mix We gon hang that snitch, straight bang that bitch [Pimp C] I'm gripping the grain, buying a sweets Playing with candy toys, I'm staying strapped with the heat The dime to the nickel, and the nickel to the dime Boys is talking down, but I'm still busting for mine He done got one, he back on the streets told em I was top gun Now they planning the Sweet, and now the motherfucking FED's They got, the phone tapped But when them bitches get here, you gon be full of hot caps And it ain't all about this rap, it's all about the snaps The syrup and the sap, I left the shit off in his lap I had to bust a cap, now give a nigga dap Man fuck them niggaz telling, all them bitches take a nap The police in Port Arthur, they hate a nigga guts But deep down in my soul, they could eat a nigga nuts They try to set us up, but my mouth never budge Dedicated to my niggaz, doing forty behind drugs [Hook] Someone snitching to the laws, we gon hang that bitch Straight bang that bitch, cause we trying to get rich Ain't no time for no haters, being all in our mix We gon hang that snitch, straight bang that bitch Dog this boy I know too much, cause we got tagged quick Let's hang that snitch, straight bang that bitch Have him sleeping with the fish, for fucking over the click We gon hang that snitch, straight bang that bitch [Bun B] Yes we are the jet setters, go-getters and chest wetters The fo' head sweaters, with big black ass barettas The Dr. Feel-Good's, with the real good connections On political election, and cocaine importion With the coast guard protection, and china white distribution All through your section, fifteen woman selection For whom, I got no affection But help me keep my erection, with no plexing I guess I'm just another clowning ass Texan, diamond teeth grilling Pivet relaxing, texting hoes sexing Jazzy belts flexing, next in line In the book, to be the made men Getting high in hotel rooms, Kapone stayed in That Gotti played in, and Clinton got laid in Marion got high in And Bun got paid in, so soon as the big broad sang I pull this thang, and leave your ass bang [Hook] (*talking*) Yeah fresh, (for 9-9) you hater ha-ha Huh UGK and Lil' O, (Lil' motherfucking O) We done wrecked it, promised we done wrecked this motherfucker (hol' up) man hold up, (we gone) later The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Nas, Shyne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Outro Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Bun B] Yeah...when I step in the spot, motherfuckers say, "Who that?" Big Bun Beater, but you already knew that Live from the state where they chop it and screw that You hatin on the trill OG, where they do that? (for real!) Motherfuckers need to get off the dick man Fall the fuck back like a bike with no kickstand Get out my mix man, just go' get you stuck Deeper in the quicksand, with no easy fix man (damn!) No tricks man, those is for kids Kush in my cigar, and hoes in the crib Drank and the 20 ounce froze in the fridge You fuckin with PA so you know what it is (what it is) I'm sittin on the fours that clack Comin down candy in the golden ‘Lac We gettin to the money like it's Goldman Sachs And we do it for the pimps that are holding back, let's go! {*echoes*} [Nas] Look who crept in with automatic weapons, reppin QB till the death of him That...nigga that inspired lyrical tyrants like Kanye West and Em Track record goes back to “The Essence” Smack adolescents who ask who the best is I'm nasty like gas from a fat man, attested I pass it, you gaspin for breath and you die fast But I'm like a gastronomic bypass Bunch of Nas advocates, actors seemed to get typecast in the same role Since sixteen I ain't grow a day old yet my brain grow, cocaine white Range Rov' Tats on my body like an art exhibit, I did real good for a project nigga Was once a Bacardi sipper, now it's Chandon, fat blunts in the car with strippers Guns in compartments hidden, I was real young, look at youth, a novice nigga Blessings, bowed down, respected, chowed down now my food's digested Pow pow, with my shooters are techs, bust louder than the noise that I just spit Let's get one thing straight that my crown ain't for testin... testin Chop heads off like King Henry the Eighth, guillotine to ya neck bitch~! I'm a king in this thing, don't be dumb Been in this shit since '91 Niggaz can't fuck with the style I use Your fate is +sealed+, no Heidi Klum Calm now, was a wylin dude, studied cowards that made power moves Watched Wild Planet seen lions devour food, you can say that's how I move A monster nigga, and I don't really like doing songs with niggaz And yo my nigga Wayne - let them niggaz hate And like my nigga Drake say, "We ain't got time to respond to niggaz" [Shyne] I'm a villain, I'm a villain, all that happens in the street Poverty and desperation made me everything I be I'm a shotta, when I pop up with them poppers burn ya block up Call the judges, call the coppers, we takin over Gotham Word to Poppa {*echoes*} Bl-bl-blood gang, five! It's that Blood gang, five, but green is the bottom line I run this town, I ain't gon' lie, they run they mouth, they ain't gon' fight They actin like they ain't gon' die until I let them llamas fly Flatbush to Bed, do or die, from Watts to Larry Hoover Chi Poverty and heroine, it's no place for a juvenile Greed in our heart, it's the green that we want Cash Money is the company and Weezy the boss! {*echoes*} [Busta Rhymes] They say I'm underrated (uh huh), but un-compete-with-able Understandable, being that my rating levels are unreachable Anything said other than that should be silenced, unspeakable! And the thought of you being nicer than me? Unfeasible! They ask is what I do ever gonna stop, this shit will never end That's when you hear a car crash in the vocal booth got 'em sayin "There he goes again!" See now they nominated a nigga to come and flatten everything Now let me dominate it, nigga run And they be knowin that I be blackin on everything And make it complicated like a nigga constipated with a gun I gotta make it what they want and wake ‘em when I come and shake ‘em And bake ‘em and take ‘em to another place Ain't no fakin, ain't no kind of mistakin how I be breakin up Everything and be creating a s-s-s-situation when I'm done (damn!) You see I spit National Treasure, discography rich And I done killed more cats than curiosity snitch! Most of you niggaz sorry and owe apologies quick What the fuck you niggaz still hangin'around here for? You apostrophe bitch! {*laughs*} Okay, now enough of that, see now I'm out the door Tunechi, thanks for giving us a whole ‘nother classic with Tha Carter IV {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Little Brother f/ Bun B (UGK), Darien Brockington Album: Separate But Equal/Candy 12" Song: Candy Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Bun. B] Well we the real Trill, playas postin up in the corner Sippin and blowin on purple, gettin lit like we wanna My persona is O.G., my aura is green and I'm known for comin down on them blaze, sippin lean So fresh and clean, I'm draped up and dripped out Every time I hit the scene, they say, "Bun, you done tripped out" If I ain't got nothin new, I ain't comin outside That goes for clothes and rolls, shoes, jewels, and rides I done try to be low-key, and change up my handy But if I don't show off my dough, how dey gon' know that I have it? I'm too used to the flossin, I'm too used to the shine and I gotsta to relive this tread as hard as I like to grind So right now is the time, and right here is the place We gon' pop up the bottle until we po' off the taste Everybody showin +love+, and we know where they +tainted+ So throw your hand up in the air if yo' car's candy-painted, c'mon! [Chorus 2X: D-Brock] They see me ridin-a, they see me grindin They see me steppin up, they see me shinin' And they say it's like can-dy (and what they sayin, s-sayin) It's like can-dy [Phonte] Aiyyo, I met this new girl (wha?) wit big juicy lips (wha?!) and nice round hips, I mean her body is a safe space and niggaz that hate Tay say her body's a trip Aiyyo, it's more than a trip faaam, her body's a vacate and we 'bout to make way, and step out on the town to do it the way we do it and such Had a couple kids so we cain't, do it as much But when we do it, we do it like they do it in church (c'mon) Made 'em scream Hallelujah for it, for on a night like this It seems my double-breasted ain't suited for it (tell 'em) So I'ma hit 'em wit hard bottoms, slacks and button-downs Initials in the cup links, the boy don't fuck around The game is in trouble now, cause we on dancefloor doin the two-step and people starts to applaud [*imitation cheering*] For Mr., and Mrs. Tiggalo they Dancin With the Stars Dead broke, but tonight we party like we million-arrs, yes Lawd! [Rapper Big Pooh] Aiyyo, peep game, this is real rap A la' niggaz wanna see where my skillz at A la' hoes wanna know where the bills at I'm like, "Mami, beat the streets," she don't feel that Ralph Lauren, ?Ill Skin?, yeah I'm all that I'm laid-back in the Lex and it's all-black "Cool nigga over there" is what you call that Matter a-fact, I do it like it's goin outta style Karat profile, two dimples when I smile ?Don't chaff?, feel the air when I pass all the while Hoes keep eyein me down, yet they eyein me now Me and Trey tryin ten for town Gettin down wit my 1-2, and this how we do I came to shut the party down, it's official and every night like New Year's Eve I go hard like you wouldn't believe, I'm dat DUDE!! [Phonte] Yes, Little Brother, Bun. B collaboration Pimp C. welcome home, yo thanks for the love man, it's all good Shout out to all my niggaz out in Texas Out in Houston, I'm talkin 'bout The Foundation I'm talkin 'bout Cosmos My nigga Frank, whaddup? My nigga O. Cliff, whaddup? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Beanie Sigel, C-Murder, Pimp C Album: Release Therapy Song: Do Your Time Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*jail cell door slams*} [Intro] You have a call from an inmate in a correctional facility Inmate, state your name (Darren) This phone call may be monitered and recorded Press 3 if you accept the charges, if not hang up [Ludacris] To my cousin Darren Ranch - stay up homie To my brother Chris Butler - stay up homie If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you To my brother Mikey Mike - stay up homie To my cuz J.B. - stay up homie If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you You lookin at a man that would die for his daughter, just to let her breathe And I'd definitely die for Jesus cause he died for me Give my eyes to Stevie Wonder just to see what he's seen But then I'd take 'em right back to see Martin Luther's dream I'd dream that I could tell Martin Luther we made it But half of my black brothers are still incarcerated Locked up in a cell block, lost from the shell shock Some sold they soul, others used to sell rocks Look up in my mailbox, I get letters from my cuz and every week said he wanna hit the streets But he never struck a deal cause his mouth will never squeal Put some money on his books and help him out with his appeal Send some pictures of the fam and nasty pics of Shawnna If you ever have to leave I got your mother AND your daughter Born in this way of livin and our youth is stuck To be safe it's safe to say the justice system's FUCKED up! If you doin 25 to life - stay up homie I got your money on ice so - stay up homie If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you All my peoples in the pit - stay up homie And until you hit the bricks - stay up homie If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you [Beanie Sigel] Until I went to jail you couldn't tell me, I ain't seen it all That box, a motherfucker - it could stress a nigga balls Especially when you broke and home base ain't acceptin your calls And you don't hear your name when it's mail time Caught in damn jailhouse barbers pushin back on your hairline Fuckin Sinequan will have you stuck in that pill line Your bitch miss the V-I this weekend The food in your locker keeps shrinkin, your celly feet stinkin The canteen ran out of menthols Can't see how grown men wash other men drawers Niggaz play the phone room reckless and get hit with new indictments Talkin about old connects and new prices Stress'll take a young nigga, give him an old face Or stress'll take a dumb nigga, give him a new case That shit I used to tell my walkie, Lil' Itchy All he did was smoke weed and drink coffee, I know he miss me [Beanie Sigel] + (Ludacris) To my man Lil' Nell (stay up homie) To my man Steve P (stay up homie) If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you To my man Paul Selene (stay up homie) To Abdul McKeith (stay up homie) Until I see you in the streets keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you [Pimp C] Uhh, if your people locked up you need to send 'em some shit Cause it's never too late to stop bein a bitch A magazine and some pictures is a nigga's whole world When I was down them niggaz fell out so I'm ridin with the girls Cause they got mo' heart, than them fake ass dudes Ain't send no letters, no books, and no money for no food Cause commissary is so very necessary It's so close to bein slavery, in Texas nigga it's scary I reached out to C-Murder right before I came home And when him home, let me go I make sure that his books was on And three months later that nigga came home too Ain't +No Limit+ to this shit cause now his dream's comin +Tru+ I'ma keep ridin with Bun cause UGK will never stop And I'ma stand up for my partner, steady let them off a lot (yeah) Biatch, and I'm as trill as you can be They scream "Free Pimp C" but not see the pimp free (here I go) [Ludacris] C-Murder! [C-Murder] Wake up, roll call, another day gone by Now put a 'X' on November 25 I'm still alive Open the dead roll balls Now this dead man walkin parkin million dollar cars It's slavery, hard labor, catch the feel Redneck on the hearse while you walk, it's real With a shotgun, burnin at the back of your dome 300 years left, my dawg ain't never comin home One fight, dude got stabbed, he lost the nine Almost died, in Camp Jay{?} nigga, ride or cry Cream has suicide attempts, Precious took his own life White boys can't handle the pain at night You gotta fight for your shoes, or get your ass shook And walk around with lipstick, and a pocketbook You all in bitch, sit down when you piss Sweet ass, you a ho, watch I blow you a kiss {*mwah*} [C-Murder] + (Ludacris) To my cousin Jimmy Watson (stay up homie) To my homeboy Mack (stay up homie) If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you [Pimp C] + (Ludacris) To my nigga Pharoahe (stay up homie) To my nigga Z-Ro (stay up homie) If you're locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you To the king Larry Hoover (stay up homie) To my partner Shan-O you gotta (stay up homie) If you're locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you [Ludacris] To the homeboy Shyne - stay up homie To my nigga Mystikal - stay up homie If you locked in the box keep makin it through Do your time (do your time) don't let your time do you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ U.G.K. Album: Back for the First Time Song: Stick 'Em Up Typed by: B_God15@hotmail.com Yeah nigga got that Ludacris Got that UGK that Disturbing the Peace Click And you know what i'm tired of? I'm tired of these flashing ass flossing ass niggas So if you see one you know what you do? Chorus: Stick em up stick em up bitch stick em up Put ya hands up where I can see em see em see em Stick em up stick em up bitch stick em up Target niggas wouldn't wanna be em be em be em (repeat) (Pimp C) Uh, I want the money and the power they hittin me every hour For the silt resin powder chasing them dirty dollars I'm from Texas nigga it get hectic nigga People depending on me I can't neglect it niggas Cause the game is deeper than just working off the beeper If the paper ain't right then we calling a sweeper To clean up the problems and straighten the mess So nigga come wit ya pistol and nigga come wit ya vest This ain't the east or the west the 'bama weed or the stress I'm Young Pimp from Port Arthur and we done passed the test And we smoking the best everywhere that we go And when our records come out them bitches sell out the sto' Stayin throat on the 'dro and keep that thang on the flo' Want my momey up front when we come for the show Y'all can play wit ya paper but i'm dyin for mine So while y'all buying them watches i'ma stay on the grind Fuck Nigga Chorus (Ludacris) Hallow laid hollow sprayed I'm the hollow man I get to the hollow point wit my hollow plan Hollow bullets I pull it i'm about to live in vain And then I drill em refill em make sure they feel the pain It's mighty strange how your peephole is my fuckin gauge Catch you in concert and then wipe you off the fuckin stage I feel a ghetto rage let's turn the ghetto page My bitch will stick you wit ghetto metal stilleto thangs And I got a ghetto aim with diamond 'bezeled rangs So while my index is working my pinky's blinding thangs I hit em at close range I spit em at most brains You think you real rich nigga we gonna make some chump change You think it's a fucking game you think it's a blood sport You gasping for breath and I'm puffin on one of these Newports And I see a red dot aimed at yo head Then bright lights oh no po-po and guess what they said They said Chorus (Bun-B) Say nigga you think it's a joke? Trill niggas be going for broke Twist this whistle loc and them muthafuckin pistols smoke And it's just a matter of time before you labeled a busta I just the nigga that couldn't catch up and cut the mustard Now I got confidence I don't need no condiments All I need is common sense to see through your incompetence Nigga keep your compliments they don't flatter me And that'll be the day bitch we don't play you know where the gat'll be huh, right on the side of me (side of me) Right where it's 'posed to be ('posed to be) Bitch niggas die for me (die for me) Just for getting too close to me (close to me) So kiss your rosery beads and sing a silent one cause I promise if you get it it's gone be a violent one Coroner catching his breath like he's got asthma When they cut on the blue light and see all that fucking plasma Millenium murda master nigga I ain't new to this So when you see that Bun-B young pimp or that Ludacris You just Chorus ATL the PAT UGK and DTP (I wouldn't wanna be em be em be em) Shawn Drey I twenty Ludacris and Fake Fees (I wouldn't wanna be em be em be em) Down South how we do it Pimp C and Bun-B (I wouldn't wanna be em be em be em) Roll trees ride D's make cheese and shake fleas (I wouldn't wanna be em be em be em) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller f/ Bun B Album: I Love Life, Thank You (Mixtape) Song: All That Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Bun B] The people think it's all about the fame And the money and the status and the game But it's deeper than all that [Mac Miller] They just want the women and the cars Getting high so they can chill with some stars But it's deeper than all that [Bun B] They thinking that it's all about the shows And the chains hanging down on your clothes But it's deeper than all that [Mac Miller] We're here to change the world with this thing called rap Homie, believe me, it's all that [Verse 1: Bun B] I got that money on my mind, the grind And the ability, the knowledge and the know-how Stamina and agility Soon as I step in the facility these haters start Testing my civility, I'm telling you They killing me. some of them feeling me And some of them be grilling me but I just blow my kush smoke up to the ceiling g Yeah, and take a toke of the swisher smoke They got the paint and the brush, but not the picture, loc What is an emcee if he can't rap? Just a monkey with a mic just waiting to get slapped What is a dj if he can't scratch? The one rotten apple that's spoling the whole bag What is a b-boy if he can't break? Might as well do the dougie or even the harlem shake And what is a graffiti artist if he don't tag? No homophobia, but he's a fag Cause it's deeper than all that... [Verse 2: Mac Miller] One time for the world cause we do it for y'all That logo light up in the sky when the studio call Moving the crowd, get em loud without a gimmick Spit with a golden ticket, I'm whipping it up in minutes My feet up in this game Rapping even made a divot Don't worry about the critics If it's happening now, forget it For my heart is where I give it Stay thinking about the future When I'm rich, I'm a call my mom before I call the movers These haters are just losers Hate to see you winning Gave my? the beginning I'm in it for extra innings Here to change the world like a change clothes Wouldn't mind a little bankroll, pesos But I"m right here for way more What is somebody if they can't love? A hater... someone give em a hug We here to change the world with this thing called rap And homie, believing is all that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mannie Fresh f/ Bun B, David Banner, Jasper Album: The Mind of Mannie Fresh Song: How We Ride Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro, Mannie Fresh) Yeah Ya drive a Chevy now Yeah, I'm ready now The car's stolen baby But I'm rollin baby (Hook, Jasper) Cadillacs to Cutlass Regals, Pontiacs and Chevrolets We ride, we ride Chevrolets ('lets) Chevrolets ('lets), Chevrolets ('lets) Cadillacs to Cutlass Regals, Pontiacs and Chevrolets We ride, we ride Chevrolets ('lets) Chevrolets ('lets), Chevrolets ('lets) (Verse 1, David Banner) I got a big '67 'Lac Coupe DeVille Mississippi on the tag, man that wood on the wheel That motherfucka change colors like a lizard and shit 55 ridin south, gettin head from a bitch Matter fact, yo bitch, nigga love it and check it She like leather to the ass, so I love to ride naked Right, bang her in the pussy, baby how that feel? Left hand, swangin free, grippin wood on the wheel Then I smack her on the ass man, and jump in the Regal I got some hoes 'cross the river, all up in west, wiggle Ready to twurk, pop it sick somethin, do it for daddy I get back, later on ya bitch is washin my Caddy Spit-shine, waxed up, Armor-All on the tire Ran the hoes down the throat, cuz that mouth so fire That's where a nigga ride, in the south You taste a nigga dick, every time you shove ya tongue in her mouth Ya weak bitch! (Hook) (Verse 2, Bun B) Say man, I'm in the deuce, in the quarter Fuck with juice, smoke, and water Actin bad wit'cha daughter Like a real nigga ought'a What her-what her momma taught her Keep ya boys toes curled up But man she be-man she be fuckin ya boy world up I'm thowed in the streets I'm thow-thowed in the game I rock-rock bizintine Stay blow-blowed in the brain I'm grippin-grippin on the grain Like a real south-sider I bounce and swang-bounce and swang down on them spiders Partna you think you know, but playa you mistakin You knew ya seen-knew ya seen the candy paint cakin Bump back-bump back and recline, trunk-trunk open wide Woofer-woofer beat'cha dome, it's a-it's about to go Chrys'a-Chrys' about to po' You know we-know we got the g's Real-real "Big Tymers", all a-all about the cheese So gon-gon' show ya tattoos, and ya gold tooth We screamin-screamin "Free Pimp C", and flaggin out the roof baby  (Hook) (Verse 3, Mannie Fresh) [Screwed voice] Four-fifty-four [Big-block, red stripes-stripes] Comin through this bitch with them loud ass pipes-pipes [Any nigga wanna come and get it] Please-please Breeze by yo ass, with the motherfuckin ease In the middle of the dark and Interstate sparkin Call-induction opened up, carbuerator barkin Pass by the crowd, music real loud [Every-every thang in my cd-changer for the sound] Then I do it real good, diamonds on the wood Oh pissy-ass, sissy-ass lame wish he could Ride like that, "Diamond in the Back" Moon-roof top, Brougham Cadillac Then I pass in my Cut' dawg, screamin out [Fuck y'all] Roll down the window, hey! Let a pimp pluck off Acious Clacious Clay has returned In a Super-Sport Chevy wit' a ultra-perm, woo! (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ U.G.K Album: Ice Cream Man Song: Break 'Em Off Somethin' Typed by: Alittleloco@aol.com (Master P) Boy, we about to fill they motherfucking head up with this ghetto dope Time to break these hoes off somethin' Got my niggas Bun B., Pimp C, I mean U.G.K Done hooked up with Master P  We about to bring this shit across the border  Ya heard me, from Texas to New Orleans Hustler, baller, gangsta, cap-pealer  Who I be, your neighborhood drug dealer A young nigga thats bout it, I mean these No Limit Soldiers We get rowdy I got something for y'all haters (something for y'all hater) Y'all can't fade us Ghetto cheese and drug deals thats whats made us Now I'm space-aged pimping but not Eightball Don't make me get stupid and leave your fucking blood on the wall Bout' to go physco, and load this rifle I'm from the projects where we all think alike though And killing ain't nothing but a hobby Don't me do a fucking 187 robbery And like some brand new Jordans, you tied up You sound like a chicken so its time to get plucked By a gangsta, keep one up in the chamber Don't make me wear your ass like some 85 Wranglers Now you all screwed up like DJ Skrew Don't have my money, nigga fuck you and your boo Got amphetamines for them dope fiends Where I'm from a little town called New Orleans But blowing up like B-12 Niggas don't give a fuck cause they quick to send your ass to hell The murder capital of the world Where niggas don't give a fuck about you, your boy, or your girl And if you come stunting on them gold thangs I'm a have to break you off somethin' (hook) Break you off somethin' Don't make me break you off somethin' (x3) (Pimp C) Let me set the shit straight, let me lay down the rules If a bitch is talking shit, then that bitch gonna have to snooze Pimp C bitch now what the fuck you said AK hit the wall tore the stuffing out the fucking bed I'm looking at dead, I'm fully auto Tommorow I got court, I ain't gonna go Nigga owe me money, thinking it's funny, bought a 64' I'm bout to pull a kickdoe  I need mo money money mo money money Took the keys, took the cheese, and fucked his main hunny, hunny Now the game is escalted, cause ain't no witnesses  To go back and tell the Po-Po's all the shit we did I'm looking at rape, I'm looking at kidnap But when them bitches get here you gonna be full of hot caps I'm breaking them bitches off, putting 'em in the trunk Riding around P.A bout-it hostages blowing skunk Cause getting rid of enemies to me ain't really nothin' nothin' Pimp C bitch 14-96'll break you off somethin' hook (Bun B.) We coming down like a sail, in that goddamn rover Just when you thought it was the beginning You bitch, now its over You can call on the Calvary, reinforcements, and your local P-D They getting somewhere if they see me My nigga thats how these G's be we three, me C and Master P Sipping on Gin and Kiwi Fuck popping in your CD, bitch we popping in them clips And now we all up in your grill live in 3-D With drama, disaster, and death when you make me have to blast ya' Y'all has to recognize you fucking with murder masters Who plaster your ass and make your momma call a pastor Dying faster than you thought, now that's your ass bro It's the class of 9 scrilla on the for real'a Direct from the villa of killas, now who thinking they trilla' Watch me fill a wanna be cap pealer with them slugs Probably for jaw jacking and jumping Bitch don't make me break you off somethin' nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ UGK Album: MP Da Last Don Song: Ghetto Life Typed by: timbaland01@juno.com Uhhh, shhhh Don't say nothin' just listen (For all y'all ghetto people out there) Through like all the bloodshed And all the tears and all the homies I done lost (Calliope Projects) Ain't nothing like the ghetto If I had to do it all again I probably wouldn't change a thing Master P: I live my life homie, but not for greed Picture young sistes and brothers planting their ghetto seeds Ain't nothing promised in this ghetto but we lost cause we black Picture 5 kids in the project in a one room shack I had big dreams of making it big I caught nightmares of fools splittin' my wig I couldn't change for the guppies that tried to hate Picture me a ghetto child with a house by the lake Ain't nothing promised but we not to blame Sinning, uhh to make some change I wish the society feel my pain Empty me underneath we all the same High construction on penatentiary bars They main focus is blacks with fancy cars And they beat us on high interest loans Repossess our property cause we don't think to own Chorus (4x): This ghetto live got us hustlin' and scufflin' I said penatentiary chances keep us thuggin' and muggin' Bun-B: Now I was known for walking on the wrong side of the tracks Slanging, smoking and drinking yack, reminiscing and thinking back A lot of facts have been changed we take the innocent and guilty I played the cards that they dealed me Went through changes that dealed me Into a better man but most often I'm misunderstood Call me a gangsta 'cause I relay consciousness from the hood But alot of good comes from what you call negativity We working with no leverage or incentive g 'Cause their nothing you ever give to me On television or them history books Got black kids thinking they only out on this earth to be crooks See all these mystery looks, that's on the face of the boss man When he can see a young black brother no longer lost man They try to break your spirit, before you figure out the game By the time you do you lost your fame, reputation and your name But baby we can do it take your time do it right You don't wanna be a superstar overnight Trying to live that ghetto life Chorus (4x): Pimp C: I live my life for my son so he can have something Blessed just to see a new day so I'm trying to grab something I been on top of the world and at the bottom too When you up you got lots of friends and when you down it's few The way we grew up was wrong, I'm the first to admit I know God and just drop me here to be going through this I lost D-Ray last year and it's just not the same Just at the time in his life when he was trying to change He told me, Pimp I need help, I want up out the game I made a promise, I lied cause the next night he died I guess our childhood is over 'cause man ain't nothing funny And everythign that I love revolve around sex and money I wanna have some more kids but in the 90's that's crazy The woman's polluted so it ain't safe to make babies And it's a shame cause Uncle Sam ain't got no job to pay me But pay the mightiest 40 g's for every year they enslave me It's crazy Chorus (Repeat 'til Fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Pimp C, Silkk the Shocker Album: Ghetto Dope Song: I Miss My Homies I want ya'll to play this at funerals in the hood. Til all this black on black crime stop. Some say the blind lead the blind. But in the ghetto you never know, When it's gon be yo time. [Sons of Funk, Mo B. Dick, O'dell] Sittin at the ghetto thinkin bout All my homies passed away (uuunnnggghhh!) Candy painted cadillacs and triple gold That's how me and my boys rolled How could it be? Somebody took my boy from me My best friend's gone And I'm so all alone I really miss my homies Even though they gone away I know you in a better place And I hope to see ya soon someday [Master P] I used to hang with my boy even slang with my boy Used to bang with my boy, goddam I miss my boy We started out youngstas in the park throwin birds In your hearse, damn it's sad to see my nigga in the dirt The game got me workin, got me perkin, never jerkin Still blowin dolja fo ya cause I know you up there workin Ya little baby's cool and ya baby's mama straight But today's a sad day to see the t-shirt with ya face From the cradle to the grave, from the streets we used to fall In the park you liked to ball, put yo name upon the wall In the projects you's a legend on the street you was a star But it's sad to see my homeboy ridin in that black car A lotta soldiers done died, a lotta mothers done cried You done took yo piece of the pie but you was too young to retire Why soldiers ride for yo name leave it vain Some Gs never change, damn they killed you for some change Smile for my homie Kevin Miller my boy Randall The ghetto persons that lost they loved ones to these ghetto scandals Take a minute to smile for the dead (uuunnnggghhh!) Smile for the dead (RIP 2Pac, Makaveli)  All my homies who done made it to the crossroads (Biggie Smalls) [Sons, Mo B. O'dell] How could it be? Somebody took my boy from me (It's like I can't believe you gone) My best friend's gone (Sometimes I feel like I can't go on) And I'm so all alone (Everytime I see something you done left I really miss my homies (It just remind me, more and more of you, dawg) Even though they gone away (I just keep reminiscin) I know you in a better place (Cause I know you alright) And I hope to see ya soon someday (And I keep smilin, knowin I'm a see you in the crossroads] [Pimp C] We used to grip on the grain and flip them candy toys But I'd give up all that bullshit if I could get back my boy Off in the club smokin weed til 3, hollerin at the hoes Spendin $4000 on me on gators and clothes When I turned to rap, he had to chase the game Nigga told me, "C, leave that dope, cause rappin is yo thang" I ain't gone even lie, some nights I ride and cry Wonderin why the real niggas always the ones to die So I just smoke my weed and try to clear my mind I wish that I had the power to turn back the hands of time I wonder if there's a heaven up there for real Gs For all the niggas in the game that be sellin keys I keep my memories, try to keep my head stromg But baby it's hard to be strong, when yo main homie gone [Sons, Mo B. O'dell] Even though you gone away (Even though you gone, you ain't never gon be forgotten) I know you in a better place (Cause as long as I'm here You gon live through me and other TRU playas) I really miss my homies Even though they gone away I know you in a better place And I hope to see ya soon someday [Silkk] I'm just sittin here dazed thinkin bout all the times we had Thinkin the past, some was good and some was bad Remember Dante? It was a group of us, just a group of five Now three dead, one in jail, it seem right now I'm the only one alive To all my soldiers before me, may ya'll rest in peace When He took three, took my soul, just the bodies He at the crossroads guide us out to the rest of me Wishin I could rewind time like demos Me and you gettin girls, writin down numbers like memos Makin million dollar bets, makin all our money stretch like limos Even though I smile, it's sad, but they say gangstas can't cry But if I close my eyes and visualize me together Then I suddenly wanna smile To see you laid down when it's yo time, when your time was up You never seen your child, but he's here to remind us Even though you was wrong, I never could belive that that was true You was with me forever, you could check my rest in peace tattoos See me and C and P forever gon be ridin and thuggin Rest in peace to all the ones that didn't make it And rest in peace to my brother We gon miss you (I love these fools) I know you in a better place (Every time I get on my knees) And I hope to see ya soon someday (I pray for you, I'm glad you in a better place I hope I see ya soon, ain't no more killin Ain't no more fights, and ain't no more tears) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P w/ 8-ball and MJG, U.G.K. Album: I'm Bout It Song: Meal Ticket [Master P] My potna gave me $50, put me in the game, I been slangin weed then I moved up to cane Pushin dem bouldas, slangin dem quarters, I got em 2 for 3, god dammit, I'm a balla! Pushin in weight, from state to state, Niggaz ridin dirty, on my mobile phone, it's U.G.K. Pimp C said, "P, what's really goin on?" I said what's really happenin, he said, "I gotta pocket full of stones!" Now P be dat new kid on the block 36 O-Z's choppin up rocks in my rock shop And label me a drug deala, just anotha hard nigga, Rest in peace to 2Pac, and the rest of ya'll thug niggas. Playaz hookin up, tryin to make work, Sendin work from FedEx to UPS trucks Now P livin lavish, caviar and cabbage peppers and beans, and grits and cabbage Down South hustlin, ballin, slangin Niggaz teamin up, some niggaz gangbangin Used to drink 40s, now it's mowhet Used to roll cutlass, now it's benzes and vets ?Becketts? on my fingaz, Rolex watches, Hoes on the block, bounce that azz, I mean pussy poppin  Label me an alien, just like Outkast Cause I made my money from the ghetto and I did it fast Cause I'm bout it, ya'll know I'm rowdy, Ask Big Mo and John Henry if ya'll doubt it Hooked up with 8-ball and MJG Cause we tryin to get a meal ticket from these streets Chorus: Tryin to get a meal ticket (8X) [8-ball] 8-ball and MJG, southside representin, a nigga came to mention, These hoes can't touch my pimpin Mobbin through the swamp, P and me and G and U.G.K. ?Hustlin? as a muthafucka, fuck what these hoes say! [MJG] Cause we each be lookin for meal tickets, witches, drivin me crazy Lady, can I claim yo baby, honey call me the ?shady?, maybe Construct the thinkin, we're turnin' to duckies bankin'  No laws somebody save me a slice of meat up in my grave [8-ball] Captain Save Em, pay em, before you get to lay em Got a real nigga's job, so damn hard tryin to play em Weigh em, no weigh me, cause that's what they gon pay me Pimpin ain't dead baby, just ask MJG [MJG] Who be I? MJG, he be me! But if I was he, and you was I, who would you see? One of us ??? when ya hungry, I do it only Pertainin bustas, fakes, and phonies, About that money, where my ticket? Chorus (8X) [Pimp C] Cocaine lady, white lady sellin good I'm leanin' on the leather, and I'm grippin on the wood. I'm feelin on the ??? ballin in the ?slant back? I'm Pimp C, bitch and Tree, us niggaz roll Cadillac Bad ass bitches can't leave my dick alone, I done bout me a key and changed my name to James Jones Pimpin ain't dead, ya heard what I said, How the fuck is pimpin dead when bitches still givin me head? Lickin my ass if ??? be the deala [??? (other dude from U.G.K.)] Suck the nut up out a ??? bucket slow down suave nigga, Now bitch I be the prison pushin' everything, a 4 for 4 doors, king of the quarters Fuckin with nothin but queens and they daughters Get cleansed, weeded, and watered, I flow like a Asian, Malaysian Saudi Arabian, African I be blazin' In the Golden Gate, swish it out, holdin weight, I hits the block, I'm rollin bait, Them fiends come out, they know they got to ?stole the case? I motivate, fiends, dealas, ballas, hatas, shops and boppas, Jekll and Hyde, Bonnie and Clyde, and niggaz that ride with glocks and choppas Where we out? Chorus and fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mean Green f/ UGK Album: Mean Green Presents Major Players Compilation Song: Tossed Up Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com [Pimp C] (Bun-b) uhhh hol up..smoke something bitch keep your mind on your money (keep my mind on my money) I represent UGK river, know what I'm talking bout (black owned) independent and black owned (smoked up) smoke on something so get your mind right uhhh, I'm young motherfucking sweet jones pimpin the six gotta yellow bone bitch cooking me serving bricks since I was 17 I've been a legend in texas screaming fuck the police and blowing dough in the lexus I saw your video nigga, you're slow and sloppy spent 500,000 on a carbon copy while I was smoking with the young soldiers in the caddy yall fucking off your money trying to be puff daddy i'm a OG rock baller I know some nigga that a bust 17 off in your impala you fuck them hoes and pay em top dollar I'm still down with lil J I gotta the money and the fucking power bitch chorus x 2 now all you niggas talking shit you getting tossed up and all of these hoes that's on the dick they getting tossed up we got them cookies and them bricks they getting tossed up so don't you be bout nothing slick you getting tossed up [verse 2] yall niggas done fucked up and called up some treal niggas niggas who ain't scared to put 6 in your Hilfiger deal wit a nigga like a swisha and split him down the middle remind a motherfucker who the real hard hitter gold diggers for cheese jealous and in keys keeping berretas for them playing hating fellas what the fuck can you tell us driving benzs with mo mos hoes sucking our toes cause they know we the niggas roll with all the goddamn dough I cook a quarter pound of blow sell it for 44 selling ounces for 5.50 caught you 12 at your door it's smitty the pimp dope pro hoe I know the rules the early bird gets the bread if you snooze you lose chorus x 2 [Bun -B] you done pushed the panic button  now we taking it all like a glutton any tripping we cutting so listen it's bubby hutton now any hoe that snort in here you can catch the nuttin we synonymous with a rock like charles s dutton our prophecies now wasn't you that sudsucker talking shit with that funky bitch up in that fuddruckers you best to be a mud ducker, I'm a thug bucker and I got one specially designed for all you motherfuckers we love ruckus, wanna shuck and jive but when I came through with that four to the fucking five niggas duck and dive ????? what a fucking liar bitch ain't no time to get flossed up I'm sauced up you said it cost what woooo-d chorus x 4 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & Redman f/ Bun B Album: Blackout! 2 Song: City Lights Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus 2X: Pimp C sample] I get tore up, I get tore up under city lights Tore up every city, I get tore up under city lights I get tore up, I get tore up under city lights Tore up under city lights, tore up under city lights [Redman] Yo, I'm rolling in my ride, my eyes real chinky Hit 145, buy like 12 twinkies Today a good day, I know, don't jinx it I 'will' keep a 'smith', just like Jada Pinkett Baby, without blinking, I do it my way I shit on folks, the opposite of R. K. I'm rude, pardon me, I'm too hood Doc on your mind all the time, like New E.R.A. Who am I? That nigga too fly My mama gave birth on Continental Airlines I ain't lying, I'm back, boy, you hit the backboard I'm all swish, make a memo on your black board This class here, nigga, is for the underground UGK, Doc and Meth, locking the summer down And I ain't playing games, homey, so get it right Cuz I 'get tore, I get tore up' under city lights [Method Man] I dropped in '95, now I'm on 95 South in the Dirty, been "Ridin Dirty" since Dirty died I gets it early, my nigga, heard me, I'm certified And when I ride, I'm with Reggie Noble, New Jersey Drive I make it happen, homey, I take you back when I was wearing ponies And them older niggas was snapping on me How many rappers know me? I know what cash own Face it, this game I take it, in holy matrimony And now can't nothing hold me, I fucks with UGK Some dudes is more like Kobe, I'm more like Rudy Ray You either in it pimping, or you just in the way I love this life that I'm living, your shit can end today Two things to know about me, I guess I'll never change And keep this money like Southern Cali, it never rains And I ain't playing games wit ya, so get it right And I 'get tore, I get tore up' under city lights [Bun B] For the king of the trill is up in this bitch Drop the top, but I get the switch You see my level, he tuck the stitch Texas, nigga, we getting rich Fuck a hater, man, fuck a snitch G-Code nigga, we don't love the po-po No more swag, now pass the dough dough We keep it super tight like pants in SoHo I'm bout my dough, ho, so don't play with my bread Man, I be trying to stop the violence nowadays so it's dead I'm popping that trunk and grabbing that chopper, putting that K to ya head I'd rather be laying up in the bed with your baby and may getting head Yeah, my Cadillac car is candy painted, dripping like Bernadette My steering wheel is woodgrain, I grip it and turn it quick I'm riding bowls, black with yellow stripes, like a Steeler And as far as the rims go, I'm an 84 dealer A smile peeler when I mash out in the Cady Lean it back up on the leather, man, and smoking on a fatty This UGK 4 Life, if you ain't know you better get it right Why, 'I get tore, I get tore up' under city lights [Outro: Redman] UGK, Redman, Method Man, in the fucking building, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Bun B, Lil' Keke Album: Who is Mike Jones? Song: Know What I'm Sayin Typed by: kchizzy89@yahoo.com [Chorus: Mike Jones] Uhh! Represent your hood, represent your block Represent your spot... (Know what I'm saying) Uhh! Represent your ward, represent your town Because it's going down... (Know what I'm talking about) [Verse 1: Bun B] When you see me with my gun out, it's gonna be a one on You know what type of shit Big Bun on... (Know what I'm saying) Some of that six figure shit, that live and die by the trigger shit That H-Town B in Texas trail as big as shit... (Know what I'm talking about) Wanna fuck with me get a bigger click, move yay get a bigger brick Wanna fuck my gal better get a bigger dick... (Know what I'm saying) So do me a favor and recognize that you a hater That couldn't see me if I was your neighbor... (Know what I'm talking about) Yeah Mike Jones and Swishahouse, better meet me at your sister house Tell her I had that doshe and them swishas out... (Know what I'm saying) Nigga we gonna set up shop in here, let bottles pop in here And watch these baddest bitches bop in here... (Know what I'm talking about) Shiit, middle fingers up (haters down) We about that drama, so if you don't want it bitch don't bring us up... (Know what I'm saying) Man and we gonna be grindin nigga huggin this block Til they free KS and let my brother off lock... (Know what I'm talking about) [Chorus 2X: Mike Jones] Uhh! Represent your hood, represent your block Represent your spot... (Know what I'm saying) Uhh! Represent your ward, represent your town Because it's going down... (Know what I'm talking about) [Verse 2: Mike Jones] I... sip on purple bar, right around the time on my candy car Diamonds shine like a star... (Know what I'm saying) I... love to grip that wood grain, love to talk that Texas slang I spend change like it ain't no thing, nigga... (Know what I'm talking about) Because down south we be tippin on fo's, in the parkin lot pimpin these hoes It's M.O.B on every hoe, nigga... (Know what I'm saying) Down in H-Town we grippin on grain, flippin on swane, sippin that drank Causing pain in the turning lane, nigga... (Know what I'm talking about) 281-33O-8004 Hit Mike Jones up on the low, Shyyeah... (Know what I'm saying) I said 281-33O-8004 Hit Mike Jones up on the low, Shyyeah... (Know what I'm talking about) [Chorus 2X: Mike Jones second time "now" is replaced with "uhh"] Now! Represent your hood, represent your block Represent your spot... (Know what I'm saying) Uhh! Represent your ward, represent your town Because it's going down... (Know what I'm talking about) [Verse 3: Lil' Keke] They better stop playing, becaue we might slain Somebody start praying man... (Know what I'm saying) I'm bout to get it hot, before I blow the spot Give me some hen and rocks boo... (Know what I'm talking about) I'm bout to let it go, I'm talking kill the flow You watch your chick you take your bitch... (Know what I'm saying) You niggaz know it's on, we pushing plenty chrome This the don, me and Bun... (Know what I'm talking about) I fuck with Mike Jones, broke niggaz stay at home We off the hook like Cook-A-Book... (Know what I'm saying) Big Texas where it's where it's at, y'all better holla back We packing gats and smoking sacks... (Know what I'm talking about) Pimpin these young hoes and my bank roll still swoll Got me tippin on fo fos nigga... (Know what I'm saying) I'm bout to smash up, y'all niggaz givin up You roll a square and pour a cup... (Know what I'm talking about) [Chorus 2X: Mike Jones second time "now" is replaced with "uhh"] Now! Represent your hood, represent your block Represent your spot... (Know what I'm saying) Uhh! Represent your ward, represent your town Because it's going down... (Know what I'm talking about) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mike Jones f/ Bun B, Snoop Dogg Album: The American Dream Song: My 64 Typed by: Hollatumi@aol.com Cruisin down the street in my 6 4 jockin the bitches, slappin a hoe Went to the park to get the scoop knuckleheads out there, cold, shootin some hoops Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my (who), jockin a (Mike Jones, Jones, Jones) [Mike Jones] Well I'm cruisin down the street in my candy painted low (low) bouncin like a door, with 4 on my 6 4's I pull up wood grippin, doors tippin sittin low I'm hittin sixteen switches watch it stop and hit the floor I'm leanin on the curb sippin syrup blowin dro the girls show me love when they panties hit the floor I said I'm leanin on the curb sippin syrup blowin dro I got the 6 4 hoppin, watch it stop and do a show First I lean wit it, then I rock wit it I got a candy apple drop wit a glock in it First I lean wit it, then I rock wit it I got a candy apple drop wit a glock in it First I lean, then I rock, (mike jones) first I lean, then I rock, (I said) First I lean wit it, then I rock wit it I got a candy apple drop wit a glock in it (because I'm) Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my, (Bun B) jockin a bitch [Bun B] It's Bun B I'm known for slammin cadillac doors Comin down on that kandy With them swanger and them 4's But I got love for the west coast (all day) so I suppose I'm-a head out to Cali the land of the low lows Touchdown to L-A-X and I don't need no car Robbie Chino pick me up with the bud and the bar In the hood I'm-a star so to the hood i'm-a go with mike Jones and Snoop Dogg and they already know Then I get love from the B's love from the C's Mexican, Asian that's a more of O G's Throw it up when they see me and holla Ay Bun When I'm comin out as soon as ansy gray one You might see me at long beach OR MAYBE PASADENA Inglewood I E or West COVINA a southside ride with the homie big Kun car hoppin, top droppin the gettin get good when I'm Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my 6 4, jockin a bitch, jockin a bitch Cruisin down the street in my (Snoop Dogg) jockin a bitch [Snoop Dogg] Big Snoop Dogg with a yellow paris hiny with two girlies in the back in they crip blue bikinis shakin and they jumpin cause the duece keep bouncin tippin, whippin, thats it, steady dippin Candy paint drippin and these axels want a sippin As I shake like a dice game Cold as the ice age Mike Jones rockin like a rollin stone It's Snoop Dogg boy I'm B-B-Bad to the bone Yea them Cali boyz We love them low lows an real car club niggas bang they low doors and take fo tows See everything is fine I'm in the 64 A 60 trail a 59 I love my car like I love my wife See lowridin aint a sport its a way of life On the real dough I'll tell you how it feel though If you see me in the fo creepin slow yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MJG f/ Bun B, The Fedz Album: No More Glory Song: Take No Shit Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Intro] All these niggas (Break that break) Talkin' bout they know about pimpin' They don't know what the hell they talkin' about Ya know what I'm saying (Jack that trick) Nigga, I got yo baby mama, in my nigga car Giving me head shots (Break that bitch) Get the head then I'm dippin', know what I'm saying (Jack that trick) [MJG] Now this goes out to all my niggas, stay fucked up Suck my dick goes to you hoes that act stuck up Thinking that I need you, I don't see the fuck how I didn't need you before so why the fuck I need you now See I ain't going primetime for nah freak trick All you are is a piece of pussy and that's about it Might make me a grip if you don't try to head trip Spit the legit a bit plus I got the certificate From Break-A-Bitch College, with the knowledge My game be polish never tell em' bout the dollars Keep em' in the dark and far from my heart But make her play her part, that's what the game taught So I can mack the millennium, from what I'm giving em' Baby serve ya purpose so I'ma have to get rid of ya Figure, she's a role rider, but I got wiser And took no shit, shine that ho off like a visor [Hook: The Fedz & MJG] When them hoes price tag get large Don't pay em' just break that bitch (Make em' sluts) When them bustas on the corner look hard Don't ignore em' just jack that trick (Take his nuts) When them hoes price tag get large Don't pay em' just break that bitch (Make em' sluts) When them bustas on the corner look hard Don't ignore em' just jack that trick (Take his nuts) [Bun B] Nigga, oh yeah I see you still playin' games On hoes you laying aims Weighing fames more than the fortune What is you saying man Stating it plain and simple, hope your pimples get bust Mr. Whipple cause you squeezing the Charmin too much and plus You cussing to loud to really be mad I can see it in ya eyes, you's a punk ass nigga just like ya dad It's sad, puttin' hoes in cribs, take em' out to eat lobster Tying they bibs and can't take care of your kids Just left ya baby mama man, the bitch is doing horrible Go see ya lil' girl nigga ya child is adorable Nah, you's a suck ass, out of luck ass A penny puck ass, stayin' in mud stuck ass Nigga go on with ya funk ass No passes given, sorry asses livin' None of my clout, say it loud, my click and cash is driven Me to the point of no return Have you no con-c-ern Watch the rubber that we burn cause we learned [Hook] [MJG] Drop down give me the cheese, nigga freeze Fuck it up, final result triggers squeezed Watch me while I'm making a dash through the cut Assassination truck rolled up, blew it up Making moves, watching my back, third eye Killers wanna jack but the fact they heard I Pimp hoes regular hell it's the pimp god Background reckons to tell us, pimp hard MJG is the name up in headlights But take it baby make sure that you read right Dom Perignon and that Moet will get it tight Hennesy, I finished the cup up without the ice It's the worldwide strategy, had it be never known Before you see the less of me naturally I'ma bone The shit up out you suckas who's scooting the Vasoline I'm peeling caps in case and perhaps you looking mean I'm filling ditches up with them bustas who start to steppin' You've come for riches but what you get is some hard lessons Eliminating pitiful haters who hate G The shit I won't be taking, the shit ain't gon' take me [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Natalie f/ Bun B, Play N Skillz Album: Everything New Song: What You Gonna Do Typed by: tyger0726@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] So what you gon do, wutchu, wutchu gon do wit it [Verse 1: Bun B] Well it's the king of the Trill, Bun B on the flip Comin down, drippin that candy wit grain and grip You see me tippin my Fo's, see me bangin my +Screw+ See me lookin fo somethin jazzy baby, jus like you So what you gon do {repeat 3x} [Chorus (singing): Natalie] What you gon do if I say I'm gon leave wit you tonight, tonight, tonight What you gon do if I say I'm gon leave wit you tonight, tonight, tonight So you can call me up, And you can pick me up We can do whatever you wanna do I know you wanna touch, well let me know whats up We can do whatever you wanna do [Verse 2: Natalie] & {Play N Skillz} I spotted you and I noticed how you were lookin at it It's up to you however you wanna get at it Well make a move cuz I'll be waitin fo you tonight, tonight, tonight {So can I roll witchu, you can roll wit me It's what you wanna do let me kno gurl} So I'll be down wit you, you'll be down with me Its what you wanna do, let me know boy {I got the whip outside, when ya ready we can go Its sittin on them thangs so you know we bout to roll} Im tryna get at you so you can leave wit me toniiiiight, tonight, tonight [Verse 3: Natalie] & {Play N Skillz} I like the way you're comin at me boy it feels good You put it dooooooown like I knew you would It's me and you alone, boy lets take our time Aint no need to rush, we'll do whats on yo mind {So can I roll witchu, you can roll wit me It's what you wanna do let me kno gurl} So I'll be down with you, you'll be down with me It's what you wanna do, let me know boy {I got the whip outside, when ya ready we can go It's sittin on them thangs so you know we bout to roll} Im tryna get at you so you can leave wit me toniiiiight, tonight, tonight [Verse 4: Bun B] You wanna roll wit a body, you wanna roll out in style Well get behind the wheel wit da Trill, I'll make it worth ya while I show you jus how it feels to live like a queen And cut you out a slice of life that you've neva seen The best cars, clothes, cribs and shine Not to mention that thug love makin it blow ya mind Anytime she want mo than jus a one-hitta quitta She already know, call me up and mayne I'm comin to get her [Outro] Play N Skillz... Natalie... King of da Trill, Bun B... H-Town... So what you gon do, wutchu, wutchu gon do wit it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pimp C (UGK), Sean P (Youngbloodz) Album: Cut it Out 12" Song: Cut it Out * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * originally slated for "Brass Knuckles" [Intro: Sean P] (P-I) Yeah, ay, whassup c-c-cuz? It's goin down, Eastside, yeah Ya boy Sean P, Nelly, Pimp C, ay [Pimp C] My paint too wet bitch, never claim a set bitch Blue and red make green, just cash the check bitch Went to the store a lot, bought me a vanguish{?} Never trick my money in the club with a skank bitch Big shrimp on my plate, look like dolphins (dolphins) Pushin cookies in the soft ones I can do better by myself, not bad (bad) Girl ate the whole thing if she call me Chad (Chad) The records ain't sellin up there, they mad (mad) Rappin like us gotta hit but you a fag I'm a young country nigga, uncut like snow (snow) Make them young girls get down on the flo' (flo') Make them young niggaz put candy on the 'Llac You got clouds in them diamonds, take that monkey shit back Cause I'm smokin out, throwin up, keep that lean off in my cup Smokin out, throwin up, keep that heat off in our truck [Chorus: Nelly, Pimp C, Sean P] When I hit the parkin lot, and the fifth wheel drop You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) When I'm fresh from the jeweler and it's sunny outside You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) When I'm creased up, J'd up, E's and my K's up You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) From all them niggaz that's trill to them niggaz unreal You know damn well (you don't wanna see me) uh-uh So quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (look here) Quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (look here) Quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (now go 'head) Now watch my fingers (lil' boy) cut it out (hold up!) [Nelly] I ain't choose yo' chick, yo' chick chose me I ain't gotta pick one, I'ma take all these For every hundred you got, I'ma peel off three Hey, don't worry 'bout it lil' boy, that bill on me Eight years now, you can call me a vet That money you grossin, call that a fourth of my neck We don't call paint shiny, we call paint wet A Darryl Strawberry colored Coupe, call that a Met Got a few rides already, got a few more to cop Got a blue one that's hard, got a black one that dropped Got a Buick that's green, the same color my snot Lil' daddy you ain't the shit, you might as well get off the pot That's some new St. Louis shit, yeah that's funny But I'ma stick with the old, the new don't make enough money So when I'm on (wipe me down) when they dirty (wipe 'em down) You think I showed my ass befo', sit front row (and watch me now) Cause my grandmomma hate it, but my lil' mama love it Said my grandmomma hate it, but my lil' mama love it [Sean P] 28 inches sittin tall, it's ridiculous With a slum yellow bitch cause that's the type I kick it with Ride with a stupid pack, and a couple stupid cats They call us the Goon Squad, so you know we stupid strapped Shuttin down the parkin lot, we doin the moonwalk I ain't stuntin ass hoe, cause I'm tryin to pillow talk I be where that work at, where niggaz get murked at Earth is spread, then we mounted up and drop the purp' back Can't you tell I'm hood rich? You ain't from my hood bitch? Don't you see the leather seats? The way we grip the wood pimp? Goin hard on 'em (goin hard on 'em) rocks shined on 'em (rocks shined on 'em) Bust up out a hood, this is our grind money If we pop the bands on 'em (pop a band) throwin grands on 'em (throwin grands) Nelly grab the wheel and make the Chevy dance on 'em I'm a block star (block star) ain't a phony nigga (nah never) A phone call'll have them youngsters all on ya nigga [Nelly] So don't start no shit, won't be no shit! Don't start no shit, won't be no shit, boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (OG Ron C f/) Bun-B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug Album: Real Recognize Real Song: In Money We Trust Typed by: LilC942@aol.com [Bun B] Now if you got it on yo mind I can get it off your chest Take it out yo mouth and I'm gon' take care of the rest No stress, just do-do, when I'm jumpin' out the 4-door Smoke 'll hit you like judo when you walk up to the yuko When I let the top down, sippin lean still ballin' TV's in the visors so the screens still fallin' Niggaz grab hustlin' I ain't finna break my neck I make some paper off this flow, but I got rich off respect Ask anybody who know me about my seeds Westside 9th street, I came up amongst the G's Crack game in 88, it took over shit I was there I stood on southern through texas and got my share And my nina on my waist, dope up in my jaw One eye for them fiends, one eye for that law Niggaz crooks as niggaz soft, so my rep is hard as steel Big Bun muthafucka, representin' for the trill [Chorus - Chamillionaire] If you haters you gon' like us If you like us you gon' hate us But, one thing you can say is we some serious paper chasers Cuz, friends turn to haters And, some turn to traders But my money never change us (mhum) So in Money We Trust (repeat) [Chamillionaire] Wipe the mirror cuz there's a compare of eyes in a colored face Can they see why he love to chase green fetti in a gutta place He grew up so he love the taste For diniro's he love disgrace Denies that he's tellin' a lie lookin' right in his mother's face Can't reside, in his brother's 'states But out ridin' on dub's he take What's hidin' above his waist, and go ride out some other fake He's claimin' that he's real, but when he's not on that camera He rather gets something fully colds, like he's copyin' Santa When he's not on that camera, he's talkin' like he cock with his grammar But he will not cock go pop, at the top of his hammer Money's the reason why rich people get red-dots on they flannels While bank-tellers gotta get down on the floor like they Banner Gotta spot in that 'Bama, and also gotta spot in that channel Few people know I gotta spot to stash that knot in Atlanta Don't trust the chick I with, she fine and mixed with another race But here's the combination to my safe, if I'm sent to another place [Chorus - Chamillionaire] If you haters you gon' like us If you like us you gon' hate us But, one thing you can say is we some serious paper chasers Cuz, friends turn to haters And, some turn to traders But my money never change us (mhum) So in Money We Trust (repeat) [Slim Thug] Alot of brauds say when Slim got a lil change he changed I ain't go lie yeah I changed, but it was for the better mayne When I was broke ain't have to worry bout gold-diggin' hoes When I was broke I ain't have to worry bout jackers tryin' to get my dough Haters bustin' the .44's, cuz I'm stickin' they chick I got alot of best friends quick, when they heard I was rich And them niggaz I used to ride with, stack cash get high with Was the same niggaz on my side, them the same niggaz I'ma die with Some friends turn foes, and some men turn hoes But that's how the shit goes, when you ain't broke no more Money the root of all evil, it could help or hurt people You can't live without it so it tend to turn good guys evil Alot of folks love money, more then they love theyself I rather be dead then broke takin' death chances for wealth I know niggaz 'll kill you for scrilla and won't think twice to bust Yo life ain't worth shit to us, (mhum) IN MONEY WE TRUST! [Chorus - Chamillionaire] If you haters you gon' like us If you like us you gon' hate us But, one thing you can say is we some serious paper chasers Cuz, friends turn to haters And, some turn to traders But my money never change us (mhum) So in Money We Trust (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: One Republic f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Apologize (Remix) (Single) Song: Apologize (Remix) Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook, One Republic) I'm holdin on a rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearin what your say But I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but waaait Tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around (Verse 1, Lil Wayne) OK, I'm talkin' bout a Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right Mom, wrong dad I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you But it just eats me up, like some barbecue from Luther's In the morning with the roosters On the corner with the boosters And she's the fresh-cut and they're on her like sutures And I wanna talk to her But her momma has to school her I wanna see her better She's the weather of my future I don't wanna see another hurricane Baby you can kill the pain If you just let me explain Trust me I know what I'm sayin' You will end up on the track of an on-coming train Stuck in the passenger seat Travelin' through the fast lane (Verse 2, Bun B) Well once upon a time, there was a mom and a dad Who on the outside, had everything people wished they had A beautiful daughter, two-story house, two-car garage And a white picket-fence, wrapped around the front yard See daddy was a doctor And mommy was a banker Mommy's job got outsourced So now mommy's dranker Daddy had a malpractice suit Now he's a snorter And all this shit is takin' place right in front of the daughter She says, “Daddy what's wrong?” But he's just too high “Mommy what we gon' do?” She just get drunk and cry Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin'a do right Looking for answers all alone in the darkness of night Shit ain't right (Hook) I'm holdin on a rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearin what your say But I just can't make a sound You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but waaaait Tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around You say that it's too late to apologize It's too laaaate I said it's too late to apologize it's too laaaate Artist: Outlawz f/ Bun B, Lloyd Album: Perfect Timing Song: 100 MPH Typed by: westbingmanson@gmail.com [Chorus: Lloyd] Let mamma so cold what you doing making me wanna holler On your mark get set go, let me swing it by the 100 miles per hour Let mamma so cold what you doing making me wanna holler On your mark get set go, let me swing it by the 100 miles per hour [Bun B] Man, hold up, back up, give us some space I think I just found the baddest … in the place Damn, baby girl … with it, and when she moving man she breaking every rule with it And me, I'm cool with it cause that's exactly how I see it And how she needs to do it and how we need to g it I'm the only player in here you really need to be with Now go ahead and pop it p.i.m.p. shit I know a profession no one of me You got my nature rising girl, look what you have done to me [Chorus: Lloyd] [Young Noble] She working out lately, my old lady got a new body Got my Jimmy popping willies like a Ducati She remind me empire Good Lord true guns No make-up, she don't care about Channel, Jimmy Chiu, Gucci, Prada or She could spot a hater even with the shades on Beyonce Big her theme song [Hussein Fatal] Smart too, cause I gotta be eagle on me And show the badge she thinks the desert eagle on me And yes sir, it's her don't lose a I got they key to baby's box when it needs lock She calls ice box where our used to be, chevy mamma used to me I tell her this is what you do for me See, where my bottom baby used to be [Chorus: Lloyd] [E.D.I.] At the ball playing lost in the sound When I know we can go from where kick it all around Got a … with a villa, on the coast out in … We can sip some liquor while we're smoking got me just to get a bone, mayb just that made me real sorry Sexy little bad we can come stay up on a hustle, got a full of diamonds Walking out the city making rain harder than the dudes all black and sitting up big 22 [Lloyd] Now she's baddest little thing that I've ever seen Slim waist with a face … magazine Mamma got the kind of ball got the beauty queen in the movie scene, you know what I mean And my mind is the only thing she blows all around up and down she goes the edge… down to the flow, yeah, she knows, she's a killer, killer That girl is a winner, so cold make the hardest shiver, shiver fast cars, pretty women, I'm speeding in her [Chorus: Lloyd] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paul Wall f/ Bun B, H.A.W.K., Killer Mike Album: Chick Magnet Song: Dat's What Dat Is Typed by: LilHustle187@aol.com (*talking*) Killer kill from the Ville, Killer Mike In the motherfucking building nigga Y'all already know, Killa kill putting it down New South Movement, mo'fucker New South Movement, South Lee Southwest Click [Hook - 9x] That's what that is pimp [Bun B] Now loving, is the size of my shoe And that's the new size that'll hold you, let your shit come through See one deep I'm whooping clicks, gangs With my 50 Cal. click bang, I'm gangsta walking with that trick aim My nuts hang, like D-boys on the corner And I could send a bitch nigga, a Bengal like Ty Warner I'm standing on a soap box, preaching the gospel On how you should move them coke rocks, and protect yo glocks And turn your projects, into Ft. Knox It just a fo' night, with two 44 glocks Now rise and shine it's a kick do', for your pies and pine I'm riding off in the sunset, the horizon's mine Everybody dies in time, but how will you pass In a million dollar mansion, or dead broke on your ass Think fast, cause your number is coming up And ain't no second chances, when the killers is running up [Hook - 8x] [Paul Wall] I step into the club, in a fresh white T Looking for a one night wife, to delight me A lot of dudes claim, to be gangsta like Ice-T When in actuality, they sweeter than ice tea Get your weight up homie, only the strong survive Get off the bus and pay your dues, you don't belong on this ride I'm a full time playa, all about my hustle Demonstrating my muscle, if I get in a tussle If you got plex, I suggest you keep it hush-hush Cause boys wet up on that water, and you might get bust I got to stay up on my note, so my game is sharper I can't be wiped out, I'm like a permanent marker Boys mean mugging in the club, repping they hood It's understood but cross that line, homie it ain't good It's survival of the fittest, I'm the last one breathing While you in your bed sleeping, I'm still out here creeping [Hook - 8x] [Killer Mike] Take your ass to church nigga, if you wanna learn better Join Mase and Bethle-fuck him, I'm trying to get cheddar My stack will clearly show, my talent for moving blow And it's gangsta music, so fuck the status quote Grown men talking, who let the children in Get the nine to spit it in, leave him smelling like chit-lens I ain't playing I ain't joking, I'm rolling loaded and open It's best you not provoking, this man when he pistol toting The 4-fiftha, will tuck turn toss twist you Split you right down the middle, like a brand new swisha When the bullet hit you nigga, it rip and tear tissue Bullet bang, turn brains into baby batter Turn great matter, into antimatter Fuck your chitter-chatter, who's good better best badder Let the shotgun splitter splatter, who it hit child or bitch It don't matter, niggaz just handling bis' Primetime guerilla gang, get his what it is [H.A.W.K.] Last but not least, it's H.A. Dub Buckshot slugs, you covered in blood Feel me cuz, or get drug in the mud By these Texas thugs, who really don't show no love That's what it is nigga, handle your bis nigga This ain't your year nigga, I'll split your wig nigga Take a sqwig nigga, this is the new South We coming hola, so what you talking bout You niggaz still learning, we got they heads turning We got the streets burning, this is a street sermon That's what it is dummy, you niggaz chasing honey We out here chasing money, jacked by G and running [Hook - 16x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paul Wall f/ Bun B Album: The People's Champ Song: They Don't Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: various samples] "They don't know what that star about, they don't know what that war about" "They don't know what that candy car about or smokin that joint about" "Texas is the home of the players and pimps" "Showin naked {ass} in the great state of Texas" "Third coast born, that mean we're Texas raised" "Texas mother{fucker} that's where I stay" (already) [Paul Wall] What you know about swangers and vogues (what) What you know about purple drank (what) What you know about poppin trunk (what) With neon lights and candy paint What you know about white shirts (you don't know) Starched down jeans with a razor crease Platinum and gold on top our teeth (what) Big ol' chains with a iced out piece (bing!) You don't know about Michael Watts (nuttin) You don't know about DJ Screw (nuttin) What you know about - MAN, hold up! I done came down and what it do? (already) You don't know about P.A.T. (uhh) What you know about FREE PIMP C What you know about the Swishahouse man (what) What you know bout the S.U.C. (nuttin) We keep it player, ain't no fake We be holdin plex whenever haters hate (okay) We listen to music Screwed and Chopped Down here in this Lonestar state Out of towner's be comin around Runnin they mouth be talkin down But you don't know nuttin 'bout my town Either hold it down or move around [Bun B] They don't know what that cheese about They don't know what 83's about They don't know but that's how it be's about or pour PT's up out They don't know about sippin or they don't know about slabs that crawl They don't know about gettin amped off three monsters wrapped in that four They don't about about RBJ's They don't know about Beltway Drive They don't know about Louis Manna or Corbin Terry, them boys go live They don't know about bumper grill They don't know about button it down They don't know about H-Town Takin over the rap game and shuttin it down Bun B baby I rep the trill All about makin a dollar bill Grip the grain, drip the stain Dancin Swisha let's throw some kill I'ma keep it real mayne show my skill Pop my trunk and show my fangs Leave you numb like novacaine 'Til they free Pimp C, you know it mayne [Paul Wall] Hold on, hold up a second cuz' Boys comin down blue or red (mayne) Down here pimpin ain't dead (ha) Grindin daily to stack my bread I from the place where girls jump fly (what) Nowadays the broads pimp broads (yup) They got mo' game then most these guys You'll get set up and then you'll get robbed (gone) You don't know about chunkin a deuce (nuttin) You don't know 'bout a Southside fade (nuttin) Down here we be ridin D's But you don't know about choppin blades (what) Texas Southern or Prairie View (what) What you know about Battle of the Bands (nuttin) Down here we got ghetto grub Like Williams Chicken or Timmy Chan's You can catch me ridin swang What you know about sippin syrup (nuttin) You don't know about po'n it up Purple drank so speech is slurred (what) You don't know about the way we talk Boys say we got country words (ha?) But I don't really care what you heard (okay) Cause you don't know about the Dirty Third [ad lib scratches to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paul Wall f/ B.G., Bun B Album: The People's Champ Song: Trill Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Paul Wall] Trill is when you're hustlin, trill is when you're grindin Trill is when you punch in that clock overtimin Trill is when you keep it real one hundred percent And hold it down for your team run your game full sprint Trill is when you never fake, trill is when you real Chasin after dollar bills, gotta get it how you live Trill is when you hustle so you go out there and get it Doin whatever you gotta do to make a meal ticket [Bun B] Yeah, I'm all about the cheese baby, all about the cheddar When it come to ghetto grindin can't nobody do it better A real go-getter, never hesitate to hit a lick I don't have to even make a phone cal to get a brick Ya find lieutenant on ya Sidewalk Two At code fo'-twenty-'fo, he know just what to do Bring me two turkeys back like it's Thanksgiving That's how we do in Texas my nigga, so how you livin Up in the game since the early 90's Never sleep to keep them haters one step behind me Ain't nothin changed but the time that they hand out But even without the cars and the ice, we stand out Cause everybody know us in the streets, we like royalty Commandin respect and demandin click loyalty If you ain't down with freein Pimp C then fuck all y'all You wanna know what trill is? Tell 'em Paul Wall [Paul Wall] I'm a survivor of the struggle, I live by the code In the city where greed and envy make ya heart turn cold At 17 years old I was ahead of my time I had to roll with the punches and keep my ducks in a line I keep my mind on my money, I keep my mind on my paper I keep a glock inside my pocket for all these jealous haters I trained for chess moves, I'm five steaps ahead I keep my mind focused, make money, break bread I'm rollin 5 9, it's the home of the crack sales That South Lee block got more cookies than Snackwells I snatch you up like eatin shrimp, don't contest do not attempt You crossed the line no turnin back, we'll leave you naked like Larry Flynt With young ghetto stars, certified with ghetto scars Intoxicated by weed cigars, we eat stress by sippin barre Fancy cars and diamond ice, I'm intrigued by fancy thangs We always keep it trill, in the hood we look like kings [B.G.] Look, look, if you know me then you know I'm a G If you know me then you know I'm gon' run through a hundred bricks a week If you know me then you know I'm a dawg If you know me then you know I get a package and I fly 'til it's gone If you know me then you know I'm a fool If you know me then you know I'll punish you if you fuck with the dude If you know me then you know I'm a man If you know me then you know I keep a plan to keep some money in my hand If you know me then you know I'll bleed You don't know me ask somebody they'll tell you wodie mean what he said If I huff it, ain't no doubt I'ma spread I'ma cock and bust, since 13 I been droppin my nuts I'm online for new artists in Florida Got a bitch that'll drive with a package from Atlanta to Dallas You ain't know, better ask your bitch Paul Wall, Bun B, B.G. is as trill as it get The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Bun B, Rock (Heltah Skeltah) Album: Monumental Song: Feel Me Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Smif-N-Wessun] (Sample from "Who Ya Wit?" by Jay-Z) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, uh huh, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, uh!) Fall back and just (Check the repertoire, uh huh) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, feel this) Fall back and, just (Check the repertoire) [Verse One: Tek] Bottle of Melou and the four fifth Big beard tattooed face, who waan rip?  You can be the genie in the bottle Jack in the box, different than the model I'm what the block made me Defense impregnable, gun game crazy Can't wait 'til the word get back And I ensure I rise how ignorant the mack act I stand chain out, with the flamer If it don't kill ya, definetly name ya (YOU KNOOOOOWWWW!!!!) I mean really do a number Sit you down for a half if not the whole summer My nephew asked if I wanna see him get like (I align strong two g's) Until him get right I fell asleep in the Porche behind the wheel Woke up comin off the wall and that's real [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Two: Steele] The rhyme gravel 'em high the mind travel Defy Darryl your eye meet nine barrel Like Shyne Barrow the cannon be under the camel I'm focused, look into the eye of the sparrow Drop vowels at rhyme battles Snatch the crown of the king have crooks in your castles Like Roy Harbs with a bat, duke I'm a natural And my apparel is all black when I get at you This rap is fire been rappin to void distract you Pen to position I should write with a scalpel The surgeon general carve lyrical statutes And I'm original I ain't like other rap dudes  Act rude, spit facts holdin my cashews Cash flew I don't like rules guess I'm irrational A jack ass too act new I'm a smack you Ask who clapped? Just Smif-N-Wessun that's who  [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Three: Bun B] It's just one man, one gun, one clip, one trigga One second to die and that's comin from one nigga (Nigga!) Stand back I'm the one man Delta Force Wanna play cowboy that heater will melt ya horse (Horse!) Pull up on a nigga block in a mail truck Mailbag hangin with the nina and it well tucked (Tucked!) Ring your doorbell package for signin Soon as you open te door I'll split ya back with the nine (Nine!) My vernacular shine so I ain't gotta wear the chain often (Nope!) I'll crack ya hard ass head and let ya brain soften (Damn!) Because my mama ain't raised no suckers (No suckers!) Don't make me leave your forehead on your chuckers (Chuckers!) Motherfuckers said a tornado hit Brooklyn (Brooklyn!) Nah that was just me son but good lookin (Lookin!) What you got cookin? (Cookin) Bitch nigga fricasseed  Trill O.G. I give a fuck what a nigga say!!! [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Four: Rock] 'Cause this the mr. monster man Rocko, monster man Gotto Don't try, monster man scar your fam pronto Monster man hard to glam at you, hear me I pop toast With a squad of marauders bangin all for that gwop though I got crasah test dummies (Dummies!) that blast it for me (For me!) Do anything I tell them 'bout some cash bread money (Money!) Chad said he bummy (Bummy!) Now that nigga bummy fly Fast cheddar comin in from Cuba you rep junkies high! The beat body ya single the song slaughterer So long suckers I do the same shit to all of ya (All of ya) Handle the biscuit, animalistic, your man and your bitch Get blammed in the hip, for ampin this shit, go 'head! You feel lucky?! Go ahead approach the God Video tape this shit for a episode of Scarred (EWWWWW!!!) Niggas think they slick we more greasy  Fuck a License To Ill my Boys Beastie!!! [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Outro: Smif-N Wessun] (Sample from "Who Ya Wit?" by Jay-Z) (*Pete Rock Scratchin) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, uh huh, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, uh!) Fall back and just (Check the repertoire, uh huh) ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, feel this) Fall back and, just (Check the repertoire) ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pitbull f/ Bun B Album: M.I.A.M.I. (Money is a Major Issue) Song: Dirty Typed by: dadefinestz@aol.com We gon take it from the bottom (M-I-A-M-I to Houston!!) H-town! Pitbull, Bun B.. My dogg Demi, keep ya head up, I gotchu, I promise! All my chicos, I gotchu, I promise! Miami, I gotchu, I promise!! I'ma take over this bitch! I promise!! So get ready mothafuckaz, this is not a game!! (Eeeeeeeyooooouuu!!!!!) [Verse 1] (Pitbull) I'm from the dirty dirty, where a lot of these cats mix the weed With the coke and blow dirty, we're off the chain meng Rap game, crack game, cut it, cook it, chop it, record it Album shop it, its all the same thang Y'all look at these blue skies and think paradise I look at these blue skies, and think what a disguise That's why its called the "Magic City", it's a treat to your eyes Cross the bridge and it'll fuck with ya mind Word of advice don't follow the streets, follow the signs Cuz the last thing you wanna do is get lost, cause it might just cost ya life Y'all heard about the smash-&-grabs so watch where you put the map on the dash cause they might end up clapping ya ass Why you think the traffic lights, they blink at late night They don't want you to stop cause the streets'll be filled wit red stripes Like Jamaican beer, we fry 'em like bacon here yo life'll get taken here, I just thought I should make it clear! Yeah!! Everything we do is dirty!!!! We pull up in the drop, it's dirty!! We pound that twat, dirty!! Miami!!!, we're dirty! Where they lace 'em, roll 'em, smoke 'em and blow 'em dirty! Guns they hold 'em, if they clean dogg, we make 'em dirty! [Repeat 2x] [Verse 2] (Bun B) Straight up outta Texas, the reckless, PA to be exact Where the streets is cutthroat and fiends kill you for a G of crack 8 g's and cadillacs, chevys cut on the deltas might swang up on ya then hurt ya, nobody here gon help ya 2000 heltah skelta, talking bout families and killers vicious like silver-back guerillas see then peel ya niggaz down here ain't tryna feel ya, see ya, hear ya, know ya serve ya, for ya or for ya (Feel it!!!) You pussy niggaz been hatin on us for too long So we finna prove you wrong, teach you hoes a new song (thats whats up) Cuz the time is now (now), the place is here (here) I could smell you scared nigga, I could taste your fear Go make it clear and move the smoke outta yo eyes So that when everything go down, it won't be no kind of surprise And I got no time for yo lies (No time for lies!!), save 'em for peter Just remember my name, I'm facing my heater (BITCH!), let's get it dirty! Everything we do is dirty!!!! We pull up in the drop, it's dirty!! We pound that twat, dirty!! Miami!!!, we're dirty! Where they lace 'em, roll 'em, smoke 'em and blow 'em dirty! Guns they hold 'em, if they clean dogg, we make 'em dirty! [Repeat 2x] [Verse 3] (Pitbull) These boys from the bottom are obsessed with old school chevys We call 'em verts and donks, some we call box chevys Seven-duece, seven-trey, seven-four, seven-five M-I-A-M-I till I die, 3-0-5!!! Candy paint and leather, they don't fuck wit nothing but dubs or better Y'all call 'em street sweepers, we call 'em choppers Cuz when the bullets spit they spin like helicopters This city's filled with crooked coppers and crooked doctors So how could these streets not be filled with crooked bitches and niggaz cocaine cooking brick flipping bitches trippin for figures This Cuban has seen it, heard about it and lived it that's why I spit it so vivid, you got it, I want it, you give it This is for everybody in county, TGK, Metro West and Stockade Doing time And if you got more than 365 and you're up the road rep MIA with pride, That's right!!! Everything we do is dirty!!!! We pull up in the drop, it's dirty!! We pound that twat, dirty!! Miami!!!, we're dirty! Where they lace 'em, roll 'em, smoke 'em and blow 'em dirty! Guns they hold 'em, if they clean dogg, they make 'em dirty! [Repeat 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Play-N-Skillz f/ Bun B (UGK), Adina Howard, Pitbull Album: The Album Before The Album Song: Freaks Part 2 (Remix) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Bun B (Play)] Yeah, baby We still freakin' Freaks, Part 2 (Play-N-Skillz) Man, I wish they could free Pimp C, man So we can sell all these freaks here (Pitbull, Pitbull) It's so many in this world, baby (Bun B, Bun B) Pick and choose (Part 2, Part 2) [Play-N-Skillz] REMIX! [Verse 1: Bun B] Bun B the B, gettin' his creep on In the bedroom, gettin' his freak on Twist your body, in all kind of different kind of positions Right now, really can't speak on But I can show you, plenty to tell ya (Tell ya) Let it go, girl, bet I won't fail ya (Fail ya) Make it bust until we both stop countin' To the top of the mountain like Mahalia (Mahalia) Like douja, let me inhale ya Deep in the chest Deep in the lungs (Lungs) Sweat in sex, in between them sheets I'm keepin' you wet Deep and you sprung (Sprung) And I love it when you lick me, baby (Mayne) From my head to my feet with ya tongue (Tongue) And right now, I ain't even scare To say it, to make it to beat ya to one So, don't be scared to let your hair down Come on and take this ride Let your inhibitions go (For real) And release the freak inside I could take you where you want to go (Go) I could show you what you want to see (See) I can give you anything you want Let you be the freak you wanna be Just keep dancin' like that in front of me Chorus: [Krayzie Bone] The world has too many freaks [Adina Howard] I can freak you in the mornin'     Freak you in the evenin'     Freak you right now [Krayzie Bone] The world has too many freaks [Adina Howard] I can freak you in the mornin'     Freak you in the evenin'     Freak you right now [Krayzie Bone] The world has too many freaks [Adina Howard] I can freak you in the mornin'     Freak you in the evenin'     Freak you right now [Krayzie Bone] The world has too many freaks [Adina Howard] I can freak you in the carpet     Freak you on the table     Freak you right now, cause I can't     Wait to freak you later [Verse 2: Play] I still don't wanna Could lick ya Y'all know Get what I want, never treat my dough T-Town pimp, got a lot of hoes All around the globe, in different area codes I might stick the one, but not today Cause I love my F-R-E-A-K S, yes, believe I got 'em And I got so many, you would think I bought 'em Straight to the point, my time to clown Let me know from the gate, if you love that sound If so, I could turn it down (Turn it down...) {*song fades*} Tcka-ah! Bring it back Repeat Chorus [Verse 3: Pitbull] Thank God that the world has so many Freaks that know how to wild out And if they got a man on the low, best believe That they pose and they know how to hide out Everybody wanna freak the freak wit Pitbull's the Latin Version of Freaknik So Dale loca y abre la boca You know what to do They're ain't no rules In the freak game If you like your hair pulled And your ass slapped, when I hit it from the back Let it be known All my mamas that think they too fit to get freaky Y'all better be gone But see, to play this game Y'all gotta Pl-Play with Skillz It's that little chico, Pitbull From the bottom With them boys, Play-N-Skillz Encouraging all the freaks To get out and get, get, get, get freaky I'm a hundred percent freak Just lookin' for a freak that can get with me (Como!) Yeah Repeat Chorus [Verse 4: Skillz] You don't play, I'm the playa to call 23"s and the playa that balls So many freaks, I track them haters If boys a pimp, but not in Gators And I'm the man in a two-man band Got a sherrif freak when I went to Vegas Got a Latin chick that called me papi A black chick That'll put it on me Got a white chick That'll give me brain So good, that I swervin' lanes You want it from the back? I could do that for ya You want it all night? I could do that for ya Got four or five chicks, y'all know my steez Four, five chicks for my boy Bun B Four, five chicks when they free Pimp C Got five of the chicks out the 4-1-3 My pimpin' game is on another level My watchin' game is on another bezel From DMX, to Club Levels At the Roxy club, they down for whatever Cause I can freak, the freak about the freak Then pass it to Pit so he could freak Then pass it back, to the rest of the crew When this how we do it on Freaks Part 2 (2...) [Krayzie Bone] The world has too many freaks [Adina Howard] Oooh I took my t-shirt and my panies off I want you, to freak me In the mornin' We can do it anyway you like In the shower On the counter Every hour (Hour...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Project Pat f/ Pimp C Album: Crook by the Book the Feds Story Song: Cause I'm a Playa Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com I keep my cup raised up my nigga 'cause I'm a playa Nigga 'cause I'm a playa, nigga 'cause I'm a playa My dollars stay stackin' nigga 'cause I be mackin' Nigga 'cause I be mackin', nigga 'cause I be mackin' I keep my cup raised up my nigga 'cause I'm a playa Nigga 'cause I'm a playa, nigga 'cause I'm a playa My dollars stay stackin' nigga 'cause I be mackin' Nigga 'cause I be mackin', nigga 'cause I be mackin' [Verse 1] I'm just out here slangin' CDs nigga like rock for rockers Still rollin' Hypnotize, we quick to knock off yo' blocker Blastin' nothin' but choppers, nigga we non-stoppers Whippin' up this cream, real mean, like Betty Crocker The guts, icy white-tin, leather is what I'm lik-in' Pull up, chrome rims, didn't holla, she must be dykin' Like she didn't see the colors change colors on my paint job Just like all the colors on my ice in my wrist watch Pimps scarred, nothin' but some conversation for some dough Slangin' these words out my mouth, like I'm sellin' snow Tellin' no, lies, compromise, only cheese wise If ya try to cross, real killers then you must, die [Verse 2 - Pimp C] Mackaroni Pretty Tony Snow keep it poppin' Movin' to the internet, keep that pussy droppin' Mob it up, slop it up, see the ball chop it up Whip it up, sit down on that meat I'm fit' to push it up If that game was over I'd get some work and cook it up Wanna show let's rook it up, you want a beat I'll hook it up We run the streets I seen a part up in the shit I took it up She wanted me to hit her pussy I'ma go off in her butt What you gon' do, when that thang go to fightin'? I'ma lay ya deep off in them hoes, them hoes be boppin' Tellin' me to stop but bitch, I ain't fit' to stop it Ya pussy is a pitbull bitch, gon' and lock it Fuckin' 'round wit' me I knock ya thang up outta socket Ya ho wanna look at me ya bitch is outta pocket Flyin' in the Bentley gettin' it sucked just like a rocket Pimp C bitch I got a zoo off in my closet [Verse 3] Cruisin' Chelsea Avenue, in the hood, it's a sunny day Junts out, walkin' miniskirts, let them bunnies play Money stay, in a nigga's pocket wrapped in rubberbands Seven hundred ones wit' 'bout seventy Benjamins Understand, couple hollow jackets in the bar-ra-rel Make a wild nigga wanna walk a straight and nar-ra-row My dogs strapped, on point, God we like the phar-ra-roah My hundred shots, comin' out the mouth, of the calico Yean' know? Mayne a nigga do's what he gon' do I'm lookin' for some beef, but the kind, at a barbeque Comin' through, flickin' old school, Box Chevy thang Ridin' twenty two's, on you fools, let the system bang I keep my cup raised up (echoes out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Bun B Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II (Gold Edition) Song: Never Matter to You Typed by: Cno Evil [sample] "Never used to matter to you..." [Bun B] We used to come down in the slab together, we hit the ave together Them wood grain wheels we grabbed together Had the same plugs, cooked out of the same kitchen Hustle with the same thugs, on the same corners pitching We hit the same clubs, my family and your squad Bought all the bottles they had, we hit 'em so hard Fifty G's on Friday night, sixty on the next Hundred thousand dollar weekend, my nigga, we used to flex Bad bitches for the sex, best weed for us to blow Now with me you gotta plex, wanna take it toe to toe Is it over a hoe, over this work, over the dough? Boy, you in over your head, and don't say I ain't told you so You never been a soldier, bro, so don't try to front for me, man Then lifting weights, acting like you He-Man, ain't G, man Quit showing out, nigga, let's go and keep it true I guess the shit that we been through ("Never used to matter to you...") [Raekwon] Yo, we puff ounces together, I could of bounced and left you When they through them shotties under your nephew You know I stood there, back you down, and stood ground, was part of the plan I thought it said ("Never used to matter to you...") You played it like you was the ringleader, you was a queen Lost your manhood, you're off of the team Don't ever come back, I'm spitting on you, shitting on you, no more sales These shells got your name in script, I'm flipping on you Corner drug nigga with priors, your gun never went off in jail You is a liar, your wore wires Stop fronting on the team, you're through, buy a gun, a crew But overall it never ("Never used to matter to you...") We hustle for money, you hustle and funny Gave you that name, hated my fame, you hated my chain Now the chair turn, this is our view, coward you through Don't try to say it never ("Never used to matter to you...") You fucking liar... [sample] "Never used to matter to you..." "Never used to matter to you..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ray Cash f/ Bun B Album: Cash on Delievery Song: Pussy Ass Niggaz Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz(c'mon)Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass, Pussy Ass Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz [Intro] Yeah...Ray Cash, Bun B Cleveland, P.A.T...stand up huh, stand up huh! [Ray Cash] This for all them mothafuckas talkin bout they want beef But niggaz never jump when they see you in the street Niggaz thinkin shit sweet, not knowing bout the missles and the pistols If I pop it partna you gon get your issues, when its ripping through your tissue When it's cutting through your muscle, you understand the reason Why I wasnt on the tussle, you was jealous of the hustle I seen it in your eyes, I dont know if its the money or It's me that he despise Everytime I come around you wanna hop off in the ride If you dont like me, state your case my nigga you ain't got to lie If the beef is really B.I.G. then I'm Ready To Die But I ain't worried about nothing cousin, I know you ain't gonna ride Cuz youz a.. Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy-Pussy Ass Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz(c'mon)Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass, Pussy Ass Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz [Bun B] You born a bitch, you die a bitch, born a ho, you die a ho Fuck niggaz like that, the type of cats I dont even try to know Keep bumpin your gums bitch, watch me come apply the 4 Pound pressure and compress your chest just like a xylophone You think yo hood get crunk, let me take you to a wildler zone You can get yo numbers pushed without me having to dial a phone Out of towners get they asses turned into a pile of bones Gangstas catching new cases even when they trial is on I been in real wars when niggaz lost bread, lost work, lost territories some lost heads Reorganized the clique when the under boss fled And at the same time trying not to run across feds So who the fuck is you to try and come and judge me I'm to heavy in this game nigga you cant budge me You ain't gotta love me mothafucka cuz my momma do Put that on Pimp C mothafucka you dont want the drama you.. Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy-Pussy Ass Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass, Pussy Ass Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz(c'mon)Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz [Ray Cash] I dont know why these niggaz went and done that Fuck the rap game up with that bubble gum rap See the game bubble gum, I got the game wrapped Like its bubblicious or something, my hustle vicious no frontin' Do me on 23's b, I ain't really stuntin yeah my flow the shit Personally I ain't really nothing, I ain't changed nigga I'm the same nigga, fuck fame nigga I'mma treat this rap like the dope game nigga I dont trust no nigga, and I need loyalty I'm the midwest king treat me as royalty Let me claim my throne and tilt my crown You niggaz ain't bout no action, sit yo pussy ass down Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy-Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz(c'mon)Pussy Ass Niggaz, Pussy Ass Niggaz Pussy Ass Niggaz.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Bun B, Method Man Album: Redman Presents... Reggie Song: Lite 1 Witcha Boi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Red] Aowww! [Bun] What the fuck is THAT?! [Red] I'm 'bout to light my medication! [Man] Hey yo Doc [Red] Whattup? [Man] Let's do this shit [Red] Okay then - light one up for ya boy out there [Man] Yo, let's go [Method Man] I like to fly the friendly skies until the sky fall I got them frequent flier miles, I hit the Sky Mall I'm on that red eye flight, you see the redness in my eyeballs Homey ain't no question that I balls I'm fresh as Pine-Sol, what you smellin is trees Me and my bredderns inhalin watermelon and cheese I clear my head like Magellan while he's sailin the seven, seas 'til armageddeon just waitin 'til I'm a legend Please! I am legend, a veteran in my profession No guessin it's Meth in this session, you smell this herbal essence Ain't nothin like a first impression Sky's the limit, and sometimes I'm so fly, I need a flight extension [Chorus 2X: Redman] Yo I know I smell good, when I walk by I catch sky miles, cause I look high And plus I look fly baby take a Polaroid And when you done with that light one wit'cha boy [Redman] Yessir, aiyyo I've been in every hood around the world it never fail Soon as they smell that aroma they say light the L Yeah, they see me flow, +Half Baked+ like Chappelle I guess I swim AND smoke like Michael Phelps Yeah, type the e-mail, tell 'em I got the bud Females, I got 'em locked, like Casanova Rud Lookin at my Roley I got time like the Culture Club And since we off the hook, MMM, I'ma roll it up~! Girl you know whassup, Friday we gon' get it in I'm gonna tell you shut up, you'll say "Say it again!" Now light one wit'cha boy to let you know I play to win And tell them other emcees they life paper thin [Bun B] Pass me a cigar I'll bust it open then I'll dump it out Dig into my bag of tricks and pull a lil' somethin out (hold up) That medical marijuana that's pharmaceutical When I break it down that shit be stickin to my cuticles The banana kush that's perfect for a gorilla I twist that motherfucker up and fire up the killer I put a lighter to the ass end and start smokin then pass it over to Reggie Noble and now he tokin And puff puff pass nigga, don't be like the last nigga (naw) Gave him a blunt and all he gave me back was ash nigga (naw) Just tryin to smoke somethin (somethin) then hit the crunk spot (spot) And shut that motherfucker down with the Funk Doc! [Chorus] - 2X [Bun B] God damn Red~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Reflection Eternal f/ Bun B Album: Revolutions Per Minute Song: Strangers (Paranoid) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Talib Kweli - talking] Yeah, beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Beca-ca-ca, beca-ca-ca, because I'm paranoid Hey, hey, yeah! [Verse 1 - Talib Kweli] No boundaries, no borders, we crossin many waters Them haters can't ignore us, the government record us They used to take our sons and think it's fun to rape our daughters ... no! Our healthcare system pitiful, that's how hospitals' profitable They try to put the drugs inside of you, lie to you, say that you gonna die tomorrow So why pay? That's not logical See the bullshit that they try to pull? ... whoa! They tappin laptops like a bad plot out of a bad movie, Obama say it ain't so In a perfect world coalition of the willing is really coalition of the rainbow Who the enemy? Who the friend in need? How do you choose your target, who you aim for? What you aim for? ... damn! Still running with the race but I'm runnin at a pace So fast, you collapse, gotta let it go Wondering if my concentration on the race misplaced, turn your marks, set, ready, go Evolutionary flow, every luminary glow When he show what the revolutionary know, oh! Blaap! [Chorus - Talib Kweli] Shot to make you famous, we're in your face with bangers About to face some danger, I just misplace my anger The violence entertain us, rappers took the place of sangers Mama said don't talk to strangers, don't talk to strangers [Verse 2 - Bun B] Gotta let the people know from the get go, Bun B is a product of the ghetto Good or bad man I just can't let go, no I ain't a rich man but I'm still set though And I'm still on the grind tryin to get dough, why the government wanna keep me in debt for? They wanna keep me in debt for? ... Look at AIG and the bailouts, steppin on the fence just who they have to whale out Got his ass on 'em or should I say tail out, need another job like a paper or a mail route Bring the fresh fest in, take the stale out, make it rain D.C. and I'm a pull a pail out ... Man I'm a put a pail out, know what I'm sayin? 'Cause I'm stuck in the mud like a tractor, I ain't gotta lie plus I'm not a good actor Bullshit laws that they enact to, keep us locked out the big game in the back bro I got set now I gotta get a setter, make ends meet 'cause the money is a factor Oh yeah the money is a factor ... damn! Now I'm back on the block for the hustle, used to be hot, now your boy just cold Gotta build my bread up and my muscle, haters talk down, sometimes it's a tussle But the smoke gonna clear and the dust'll settle, now it's like Def Jam with no Russell Like Def Jam with no Russell ... We'll be alright though The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Bun B, The Game Album:  Push It (Remix) 12" Song:   Push It (Remix) Typed by: rollinlacs@yahoo.com (Verse 1, Bun B) I'm the king of the trill (Trill) and the king of the coca (Coca) My city's on fire (Fire)  and my vida is loca (Loca) Bubble kush, I'm a smoker (Smoker) Canaries, I'm a croaker (Croaker) Tuck on my team and we'll get you touched like tony toker Yeah, I fuck with Cubano (Fuck with Cubano) And Mexicano (And Mexicano) Columbiano (Columbiano) Even Dominicano (Uhh) Not to mention bodiquas ('diquas) That be servin the geekers (Geekers) Stackin that bread while gettin head from the finest of chicas See I come from Port Arthur (Arthur) And it's a port town (Town) Where we importin the white and we export brown (Brown) I'll take all I can get and I'll get'cha all you can take (Take) We sell it all, from twenty packs, to eight-balls, to the shake (Shake) See I'm like an ochoa ('choa) Rick Ross is my pablo (Pablo) All we need is a wrapper (Wrapper) And this team is diablo ('ablo) I'm the daddy of dope (Dope) So just call me the padre (Padre) If you don't like it, chinga tu madre I push it to the limit (Hook) I'm pushin it Push I'm pushin it Push I'm pushin it Push, I gotta (Push it to the limit) I'm pushin it Push I'm pushin it Push I'm pushin it Push, I gotta (Push it to the limit) (Verse 2, Rick Ross) I'm poppin now (Poppin now) It's the boss (It's the boss) We got it poppin now (Poppin now) She done took it off (Off) I'm ballin baby, big bus of bubble kush and I'm gravy In a grey Mercedes movin yay like big guy did in the eighties I see ya pushin it (Pushin it) Know what'cha lookin at Nigga don't trip, hollow tips on the tip of that A million dolla flip, don't trip, I'ma triple that Rick, triple platinum off the rip and I'ma triple that I'm in the Phantom cause I'm rich (Rich) I'm whippin that Brick in the Phantom like a bitch (Bitch) I'm pimpin that You know I'ma shine cause I shine all the time Hundred grand for the watch, for my doggs doin time You dudes supersticious, dealin with stupid bitches I got super models (Models) Cookin me Cuban dishes (Ross) On the regular, people tappin my cellular But it's triple C's, no seeds, ya'll regular See's no nigga, these G's are federal Push it to the limit, young nigga, what'cha better do I followed my dreams (Dreams) Put God first (God first) Mama said you'll get rich with a little hard work (Hook) (Verse 3, The Game) Pushin that Continental (Yup) On the I-10 Never been to jail, ask me why Cause I don't ride rims (Nope) That'll blow my cover  Ohh noooooo I'm like a midget when dealin' Cause I stay on the low I stay on that dro Higher than a fuckin plane Is it a bird? Naw bitch, it's the fuckin Game I thought I'd be on the block Pushin raw forever Cause in '95 I used to push it like salt n' pepper Graduated to baking soda Now I'm pushin grams I was grindin before Malice and pusher man I'm no Pusher T But I got 'em stacked on top of eachother in my grille, like crooked teeth I push it from M-I-A to C-A I got 'em on the internet Push 'em on E-Bay Every-day, it's niggas like me on the freeway Give it a little gas and (Push it to the limit) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bun B, Joell Ortiz Album: Street Hop Song: Hood Love Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on It ain't nothin like (like, like) Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on Preme [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] It ain't nothin like love from the hood (hood) Ain't no feelin like rollin through knowin you good (good) 'Cause you been keepin it real When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) Love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it true (true) When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Royce Da 5'9" give ya ill verses Ryan Montgomery is the real person No makeup, that's why you couldn't touch me up I remember bein locked up (locked up) This nigga walked up, tryin to battle (okay) I went ahead and let 'em finish then I told 'em "do that again I'm a  fuck you up" (true story) Now take a journey through a nigga's psyche The only snitch in my life is the chick tryin to split up me and wifey You think you like me, I'm aight with that I don't even call my nigga Budden "Mouse", it sound too much like a rat So may your steps be just like your stacks (stacks) High, afraid of death, havin a life attack It's I, got the soldiers for the coca price Your poker face on, I'm a turn your channel to the "Poltergeist" (woo) My out of town niggaz know the business When you land, I'll come get you, we gon' get it [Chorus - Bun B] It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through and knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it real When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through and knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it trill When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) [Verse 2 - Bun B] It ain't nothin like walkin your block One deep on your city streets nigga, no hawk or no glock No blades in your mouth or box cutters in socks 'Cause real niggaz show love and bad bitches on your jock Every corner got a homie you know well Even if somebody see a deal, then they won't tell (shh) Your man say he got the goods, so you tryin him out The ice cream truck roll through, you buyin 'em out The youngsters helpin out the old folks (hold up), with something hard to do The kids is playin, nobody beefin and it's a barbeque And every backyard with the old school jams on Sweet potato pie courtesy of your grandma (already) Everybody's home, nobody on the yard We drinkin and smokin the night away with no regard Nobody arguin and everything's good Man it ain't nothin like love from the hood, that's understood [Chorus - Joell Ortiz] It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like comin through knowin you good 'Cause you be keepin it real When they see you, they salute you (salute you, come on) It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like comin through knowin you good 'Cause you be keepin it G When they see you, they salute you (salute you, word) [Verse 3 - Joell Ortiz] It ain't nothin like, what I do every other night Pick up the liquor, send the fiends to go get the cups and ice Sit on that project bench and have some of the funnest nice (come on) We spend that wrong doin makin money the summer right (yeah) The smell of somebody barbeque got my stomach hype (mmm) 'Tata salad, rice and some chicken, a little something light (uh huh) A beast with the cards, they always ask me to shuffle twice Swear that I be cheatin, I'm just fuckin nice (haha) Cut that, rug rat, niggaz that robbed, never tried your boy (never) Only just me, no security that I employ (nope) I never need to wear iron toy (why?) I ain't naive, I just hang with some killers and I'm their pride and joy (yeah) But nah, ain't about that right now (nah) It's about the jokes, weed smoke and the cat fights, meow (what else?) It's about them New Year's on the roof, with your gat like bloaw Outside the booth I'm the truth, give me dap like "yowwa" (haha) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bun B, Slaughterhouse Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Nobody Fucking With Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Bun B] Let's get it started like transmission and alternators Got the keys in the cage ready for who you call the greatest Takin 'em down from the biggest bitches to smallest haters I'm 'bout to serve these niggaz, call 'em waiters Got my mind right, money right, ready for war And I got the C4, under my competitor's car These niggaz runnin 'round talkin 'bout they better than moi When I'm done all that's gon' be left bitch is ya head and ya bra Bitch I'm ahead of the pack, and I'm ahead of the game And I put yo' head on a platter you put some shit on my name Bitch I'm the shit, see the stains that I done left on the track? And I ain't sayin no names but I left the best on they back And they ain't sayin no names so I gotta say it myself I'm finger fuckin this game so you gotta play with yourself Don't pull a K off the shelf, or pull a strap out the stash I ain't gotta draw the pistol, I will chop at yo' ass I just let the hands of God toe-tap on you fast Leave you mashed like potatoes on the top of the grass Call the coppers to catch me and they'll just tell you to drop it I'll find you sooner or later, and they can't do shit to stop it Got that thang and I'ma pop it like a bubble on the double I am trouble in the flesh, you can't see me with the Hubble We ain't wishin these niggaz good luck, go get a clover This Bun B, it's "B.E. 3," this shit is over [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUUUUUSE! (Whoo, Kiiiiiiiid!) [Joe Budden] Look at ya man look back at me, yeah I know, sickenin huh? Few got a Porsche with only two doors, need to upgrade cause you missin some We just got two different bills, different styles, different sums Started as a drive-by, ended as a hit-and-run Stop me in the streets, let it be properly when you greet Fuck lookin for me, I'm on your property if it's beef Not for robbery of ya piece, it's lobomomy with my peeps That comraderie is usually sodomy for the beat 'Less my critics put a lens on them, so I could look through it Shut the fuck up, probably mean that you too shook to do it We'd see two pennies to your name, yet you so saucy When I fix this game you can +Thank Me Later+ for it, no Aubrey Switch my demeanor up I'm, off my 380 shit My, future's bright, stars is by my head, baby shit Make me sick, what you eat don't make me shit Found out the reason they hate me is my God-like presence, must be athiest While all of the frauds in rap is talkin swag put a fork in that Slaughter's back, listen nigga I got houses all across the map Even got a Boston pad, got this bitch from Boston bad Well put her in a wrestlin move, but I heard she got that +Boston Crab+ Batteries in your back, go by what he say Just need you to know that it's no lee-way, and the tables are turned, go DJ So you know what that blindfold's for That bloodshed's a secret, let's keep it behind closed doors [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Who you said was dope again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you said was hot again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say could spit again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say was dope again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us [Crooked I] I'm the present and the future Like Christmas in 2012 I'm the present in the future, an executive producer You will never get to choose ya destiny cause you a pessimistic loser Mess with me and I'll definitely shoot ya I'ma do's ya like I'm reppin the Yakuza Die hard like I'm sexin with Medusa, do somethin nigga Born thuggin, I don't fuck with the cock Nuts hang down my pant leg, balls tucked in my socks I ain't gotta act tough to get a couple of props Little nigga raised hisself, I don't know what's up with my pops Do I think I'm the dopest, in America? I do Make you switch your whole style like you're datin Erykah Badu Pair of Ferragamo shoes, I will stomp you I'm fucked up, like the relationship between Farrakhan and Jews I'm spankin this instrumental, like a wrinkly old bitch I'm whippin the kick and snare, make 'em pick they own switch I'm smarter than computers that know how to fix they own glitch I'll leave you face down, like chicks who lick they own tits And from this day forward, Crooked is aging backwards Gettin younger and fresher, puttin bums under some pressure Yes sir! Watch the next Slaughterhouse album Every line is white powder, I ain't talkin 'bout talcum I am tighter than "The Biggest Losers" cruisin in a Smart car Distinguished alkie, the flask on the armoire I'm from the home of the most popular bomb weed Most proper, hoes rock with my partners who top seed Po' vodka, we gon' bottle pop in the calm breeze No copper can stop a COB star - I'm a giant Dumpin my cigar ashes out on top of the palm trees Chrome chopper, if I squeeze you drop on the concrete You wanna talk about the paper? Oh let's do it Batter pocket syndrome, the money we gon' abuse it Still gettin out-of-town paper so don't confuse it Tell the hip-hop cops nah, it's only music And haters steady eavesdroppin on "The Bar Exam" Probably in your trunk now dependin on what car I ram The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saigon f/ Bun B Album: The Greatest Story Never Told Song: And the Winner Is... Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Saigon] {*fades in*} ... claim many lives With semi {?} from guys, innocent ladies, babies of any size Nah I knew it wasn't the truth, cause they ain't have nothin for proof They even blame you for dozens of youths in substance abuse What kinda crap is that? Everybody know that crackers brought crack to a habitat to attack the Latins and Blacks Never mind that fact son, and I know it's wrong You was there when my hopeless mom put me out in the coldest storm Even though you did introduce me to Smoke and Tron And totin one, you welcomed Saigon with open arms That's all I could focus on, the reason I wrote this explosive song To show even the closest born (look) Get torn (get torn) you tricked me all along You had me thinkin you was my friend, you NEVER loved Saigon! (Saigon) [Chorus 2X: Saigon] With friends like you who needs enemies? Brought a nigga bad luck like the Kennedy's You had a nigga ass up in the penitentiary With friends like you who needs enemies? [Bun B] You was my homie, my ace boon coon, my real roadie (roadie) Called you my right hand, the Poot to my Bodie For sho', my true whodie, we was closer than my own kin (kin) We saw this thang come and both of us would zone in (in) They knew when they saw you, they saw your boy too Tighter than jail dap, would always see your boy through Sunup to sundown (down) winnin them fistfights I'm lettin my gun sound, you was the main one round (round) We held the corner down (down) we held the wall up Shot knew you'd be there so I never had to call up Step out on the cut, shit, there you would be At late night or broad day and didn't care who would see We was day for day in the trap (trap) and out on the grind Up to the point where them haters (what) ran up from behind Turn out the whole time (time) that you was straight frontin (frontin) Cause when they shot your boy up you just laid there and ain't say nothin (nothin) {*instrumental to the end followed by a skit*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ 3-2, UGK Album: My Homies Song: 2 Real Typed by: ATLien770@aol.com (Bun B) I always wanted to be the biggest man in somethin had to find my place But the world can leave a foul taste on the tongue had to dodge a case  Had to dodge a bullet And the nigga that tried to pull it The streets is throwed If I don't get lean and blowed everyday I feel just like I'ma explode on overload and overdrive All my life this drive I tried I seen a lot of good niggas die Cause somebody hated somebody lied or somebody snitched Or somebody's a bitch I wish I could change the past But I gots to live in the present and pray that tomorrow this shit don't last, I'm livin to fast Shit, my momma asked me who I was like she ain't know me But, to tell the truth I didn't know myself I found out she had to told me Just to show me just how good I had it  I guess I couldn't see it Mild-mannered I just couldn't be it  But that was just the way we used to G it One of the wrongest niggas I see Or one of the strongest niggas I know Walkin on my tippy-toe cause the life I live ain't long and I know So I put weed in the bong and I blow Stay cool calm and collected a neglected Child that grew into a man that's widely respected Too real (Chorus) I feel no pain I can't complain Stuck in the game Tryin to maintain Cause I'm so real (Pimp C) We blow big everyday	 But that don't stop our pain Or bring back our homeboys that we done lost off in this dirty game Got niggas doin 40 When you 25 that's life I guess when your career is sellin dope somebody got to pay the price These bitch ass niggas shife Niggas might snitch out they momma That's why me and Leroy watch stay strapped and ready for all drama Cause we ain't promised tommorow But nigga you promised to die Nigga can't you see you gettin to high trippin of that potent fry At night I talk to God and try to understand How people can worship false prophets and say prayers to a man I guess they already gone, ain't nothin gone bring them back So I just say thanks for what I got and blow on indo sacks I still love my piece of change, wood grain and big head ones But I had to realize in life everything ain't always fun I guess that's true for some But them hoes will never win Out here just hustlin and grindin  Tryin to change from niggas to men Chorus (3-2) My nigga you a ho to me Boy you done went off on me Runnin round with the fakin and hatin  I'ma blast if you run up on me I'ma do my dirt by my lonely so that nobody can snitch  This matter coulda been resolved if you woulda came clean and paid my shit See niggas disrespect the game but boy you'll never last Pullin that ho shit sellin your partner out for a piece of ass And fool you claim you real but really need to be shot up No respect for your family that's dead don't write yo peoples locked up Damn I miss my dog he was hog to this game Unlike bustas these days that talk down on your name You boys is funny I'm bout my money And oh so true Mr. 3-2 when I never trusted you I'm too real Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Bun B (U.G.K.), Z-Ro Album: Balls and My Word Song: Bitch Nigga Typed by: YoungC216@aol.com [Talking] Nigga don't act like he don't know who I'm talkin' bout (Fifty-Cent piece drops on table) [Coinciding With 50 Cent's Intro on 'Get Rich Or Die Tryin'] [Scarface] It's your worst day, run and tell somebody It's your worst day. It's your worst day, run and tell somebody It's your worst day. What it is?, nigga! You don't wanna get involved with this here, nigga! Is you a bitch nigga?, you a bitch nigga! Look at yourself and then analyze me! This motherfucking G It's the flossy, you got girl draws and Girl flaws and, a braud nigga! I peeped your whole hand when you came in I'm a man and I hang men Play the game to win All mission play on ten Scarface 'finna do it again Mash you nigga, stash them niggas Don't make me upstrap and blast you niggas Once again, it's a only if you must I do it Lock you in my scope and blast your ass through it I'ma poet The image and the style that you used to Cuz you don't keep it real like you used to A O.G., S.A., fool to the hole fa'sho So niggas slow your motherfucking roll 'Fore I come through with the same M-11 The Feds took from me, and shoot you in yo motherfucking stomach [Chorus: Scarface] You a Snitch Nigga, when you rat on yo friends Bitch Nigga, when you still be in pads with yo kin You'z a Snitch Nigga, running when the drama go's down You was ballin' at first what happened to the man in the south You a Snitch Nigga, specializin' at bumpin' ya gums Bitch Nigga, countin' on ya bricks but all I see is crumbs Snitch Nigga, ain't you tired of running your mouth And you can go home, 'fore the Devil run in your house [Verse: Z-Ro] Now snitch fellas get up under my skin That's why I don't mess with friends Unless it's my Mac-10 I'm the king of the ghetto, Z-Ro the crooked in the flesh Looking for head shots, cuz bitch fellas get the bullet-proof vests What you scared for? What happened to all the tough ass talk The way you was bumpin', I thought you had a taste for asphalt Look at momma's baby out here starvin' for his ass Whippin', chiefin', with a magician then drippin' out his ass, listen I'll be damned if I pull a rabbit out a hat Well pull my 40 out of holster, and do this snitch fella on his back WHOA!, look how I handled this .44 My conscience be screaming Z-Ro Murder Mo!, Murder Mo! And these snitch fellas on "How I'm Living" try snitchin' on "BET" But got a restraining order against "Murder I-N-C" This how we ride, and ain't never gon' make a switch dude Z-Ro the Crooked, I'll be damned if I be a snitch fool [Verse 3: Bun B] It's Bun B I go back-a like "Atlanta Black Crackers" I back-slap a, back-packer, from here to Cakalacka{Carolina's} Wack cracka, short stopper or dope beginner Bitch I ain't ya chicken hitter, bring the heater get you wetter(get you wetter) We can flip the caliber magnum hanger Step a bear off in his chest, you better hope I don't land one If I cock the bitch back..aim it at your chest It'll be piece before they even find the pieces to your vest We relievers of ya stress..ease ya fame Put this pistol in your mouth, you better lead them treason games Now when ya momma warned ya about Bun and he's insane Kill a kid over a quarter, who just keeps plain Now watch this kids plain, 'fore you fuckin with the triller Z-Ro the young guerilla And Face the born killa (Bitch Nigga) Bend around in the dark for dough (Bitch Nigga) You here the sounds you spark for the floor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Bun B, Lil Wayne Album: Emeritus Song: Forgot About Me Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {"I know they miss yoooooou..." - Billy Paul} [Chorus: sampled from Billy Paul's "JUst a Prisoner"] It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, EVER, be free? Huh, uh, HUH? [Lil Wayne - Verse 1ne] Just when they thought it was safe I picked up the phone and called it a day I bought a new car, caught a new case - fuck it The harder I walk, the ground shall shake Stompin, the harder I march, the ground will break I am, groundbreakin, like an earthquake, heh-heh Yeah, I run this shit, but I'll tackle it You want me to break it down, I'ma fracture it My mind is wanderin, I can't find it But ten times outta ten, my mind on the mon-ey Bandana around my head like I know karate And I'll wax a nigga's ass like Mister Miyagi And it ain't over 'til the fat lady sang And that bitch got a whole lot more weight to gain And call me by my new name (...What is that?) featuring Lil Wayne "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, ever, be free? Huh, uh, HUH" (My nigga, featuring Lil Wayne.. Came here to fuck with me tonight, shwaty) [Scarface - Verse 2wo] I am as, real as they come as hard as they get They go to talkin off the wall I put a par' in they shit I'm the o-riginal gangsta, I'll tell you how I do it I take niggaz from the jump when they step to me with that bullshit I am a fool, bitch, a native H-Town from the south side of Houston You're tuned to the sounds of a nigga, who don't give a fuck 'casue one way or the other I'm gon' still get mine, play the game, motherfucker The truth is in the building and I came tonight And I done sold so many records, change my name to life 'cause I can breathe into the hood, make it feel my pain And even though they try to change me, I remain the same And even if I did have that chrome-plated grill on my shit I come from out the motherfuckin bricks Now, never forget, where I come from, son I'm respected in these motherfuckin streets I run I'm Face "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody Everybody forgotten about me.. Will I ever, ever, ever, be free? Huh, uh, HUH" (MY, NIGGA) [Bun B - Verse 3hree] It's Bun B, the nigga Mr. Swisher, and Mr. Flows Mr. Brick, Mr. Killer Grams Nigga, Mr. 'BOWS Mr. Slab, Mr. Candy Paint, nigga Mr. Dough and Mr. Eighty-fo', hatin hoe, we think yo' sister know When I hits the do', motherfuckers drop and kiss the flo' Light bulb flow, I glass shatter, transistors blow I'm the shit fo' sho! Roll wit it, bitch or {?} worm I'm hot in this heat, a head shot'll keep your perm burned It's my turn, I earn stripes and paid dues so Don't be surprised if I'm in a trap or own a new show I don't TRY snitch, sneak diss or even backdo' Balla block, a short stop or drop down in Fat, hoe (What!) I don't keep it a hunnid (huh), I keep it a thousand I'm hood, so I rep the hood, direct from the public housing (Manye!) I got it crunk like Obama in a 'Fesco Nuttin less than the best, hoe Nigga, let's go it's U.. "It seems like every-BODY, everybody, everybody (muthafuckin G..) Everybody forgotten about me..     (K, fo' LIFE!) Will I ever, ever, ever, be free?    (Long Live the Pimp!) Huh, uh, HUH" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Juvenile, Petey Pablo, Pimp C, Z-Ro Album: My Homies Part 2 (Bonus CD) Song: Pimp Hard Typed by: southsidebaulla@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1 - Scarface] I use to watch you on stage gettin'money, lookin lovely got these niggaz offerin they pockets tippin you twenties 'cause you cold with that shit that you do...ya mood shocked me unlike these other hoes in ya crew you don't jock me I'd like to get ya phone number just to see what you about call you for breakfast to get you out and see if you just some eyes without a face let me see ya crib - take me to ya place I wanna show you that it's mo'to me then fuckin on my mind 'cause in yo mind I bet you fuckin all the time come to find you only out tryin to go to school and tryna go to school and pay bills is hard to do I see you fool so go on and do ya thing but when you tired of showin ya titties give me a ring I like a woman gettin hers cause that's better then her tryna come up off mine I can't let her [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 2 - Z-Ro] Go on and let a nigga peak, go on and let a nigga poke give me some assistance as I manuver my long stroke I hope you don't think I'm payin'for it that's the wrong hope 'Cause I know you wanna be Z'Rollin over chrome spokes bitch I know you wanna tell ya girlfriends how it was to get hit from the back, in the back of the 'Lac by a thug and to get ran through until you get carpet burns off the rug and to get nutted on by nine niggaz with diamond grills and guns and how you got on my microphone and sung a sixteen ya performance deserves a grammy check out my big screen most bitches don't know but you know what suckin a dick mean yeah the head was fed but what up with that in them jeans I can see the pussy (?)lookin like a big bee make ya cycle start early my shovel be diggin deep I don't wanna relationship, I just want me some relations go on and let a nigga poke hoe, and stop shuckin with my patience [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 3 - Pimp C] Bitch get down on me at the drop of a dime fuck all that R & B singin shit I ain't got the time I'd rather bust yo'ass up with some screwed and chopped let me test ya jaws and let me stretch out ya cotton I'm still Pimp C bitch, the name ain't changed puttin stick up in these hoes don't remember they name 'cause we tired of playin games with them booty lickers 'cause we jumped up in ya life, cause I'm a true dirt digger so go on hit the streets, break them lame tricks then bring it back to daddy that's how you can get this dick I need the cash first - and the ass last and we can blow dro in the Benz while I smash on the gas so let a nigga pimp, and let a nigga mack and later on tonight you can get hit up in ya back...and get ya money back but when I make ya pussy skeet bitch you gon'buy me a 'Lac [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 4 - Juvenile] I ain't tryna talk a hole in yo head but I can tell you didn't excel what them hoes done said starrin at my neck and my wrist 'cause my shit is frozen red and I look like a easy hustler so go ahead ya leavin the same way ya met me you gon'be grievin if you sex me, while I'm schemin on the next piece I'll poke ya cookie I don't give a fuck who know this who up in the area that aknowledge what a hoe is all my warriors is lovin my rep how I took it to the world from the project steps playin touch with my broad like my children and it ain't like back in the days when we ducked behind buildings I be a threat to tell a broad what I'm feeling especially if she poor and she need to be gettin no bullshittin she ever fix her mouth for some money it's good with me I ain't the one what you need is a stool pigeon [Chorus - Bun B sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke(Repeat 4x) [Verse 5 - Petey Pablo] If you think I'm a treat a bitch with high price drawls any differance then the way I treat the grandma's on how many ways is there to say that you terribly wrong would you understand me better if I just said "naw" fuck what another motherfucker told y'all that's tipical talk when they dick hard they just wanna little pussy mama that's all it's like fourth down, two yards fuck it they goin for it how am I payin'for it?, and how much you charge for it? it ain't about being a whore that's what it's made for get ya paper baby fuck what the world say get ya bills paid....okay! [Chorus - Bun B Sampled] Go on and let a nigga peak, and let a nigga poke Go on get naked for me streak, and let a nigga stroke [Petey Pablo talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Scarface f/) Bun B, Chamillionaire, Lil' Flip Album: My Homies Part 2 Song: Platinum Starz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil' Flip] Uh uhh, Lil' Flip (Lil' Flip) I'm hoppin out in a Fendi suit, I got DVD's in my Bentley Coupe I got hoes that's 22; they buy me clothes and tennis shoes I'm so throwed when it come to hoes Before I get they phone number they come outta they clothes I might take 'em to Pappadeaux's, but only if she a proper hoe I got a 'llac (what kind) a Cadillac Escalade I'm wearin Jordans (which ones) the very first ones made I got a watch (what kind) a iced-out Cartier I got a Roley but that's somethin that I hardly wear I'm Lil' Flip, the coldest freestyle ever Since day one I was programmed to get this cheddar Who you drive, platinum cars, who you pull, platinum stars Do you write, platinum bars, platinum teeth, inside your jaws Diamond gon' rock my platinum wrist, platinum toilet to take a ish Gold is gold, and platinum is happenin so, wodie watch this [Chamillionaire] Yeahh, aiy It's Koopa Got a greenback, stack in my palm I come in a Yukon black with alarm Ice on the arm and a plat-i-num charm And you pro'lly had a thought about jackin it - naw! Of course you didn't nigga the force is hittin Behind the throwback I show that the boys is trippin Beam me up Scotty, yeah the force'll lift him Top on the drop yeah of course it's missin ... Don't want her man to know That I'ma hit when I'm finished I'ma hand the hoe back to her man befo', he even have to know A weddin ring - ain't somethin I'ma hand a hoe Do money grow on trees? Nigga the answer's no I treat G's like seeds, get a grand to grow Car lookin like the zoo in a candy sto' Alligator on the flo' with a candy do' Can't stand me no, cause I'm havin dough I keep a tune on me just like a mechanic flow You ain't gettin paper what you up in the game for? Gettin paper now, couldn't be a complainer Trunk lift up at a acute angle Isoceles triangle pokin outta my swanger Chain cost me 10 G's Independent, no label could pimp me So it really ain't a thing you could get free Unless you tryin to get them chains off of Pimp C We, jammin U.G.K. you see the jewelry, ay Cover your eyes it'll blind like a UV ray Stay throwed in the game, holdin the grain (yeah) Ice and the white gold in my chain Raisin my trunk and showin my bang Hoes on the swangs while the do's color change Nah I won't let the change go to my brain Respect better be somethin that you hopin to gain You gon' mess around and get choked wit'cha chain Now Flip, Bun and Chamillionaire controllin in the game [Bun B] U (Under), G (Ground), K (Kings) Bitch I'm that King of the underground, and the Pope of Port Arthur Keep that fire heat on ya street, and the meat in your daughter Got no love for a hater, got no hate for a lover Just distrubute my pollution, keepin weight undercover My brother, now we back up on the block again I got them rocks again, and them blocks again, until the cops come in But see they better bring the SWAT my friend Because I promise that we not runnin Nigga we gon' be here all day, posted in this hallway Keep them cluckers comin in cause we gon' serve 'em all yay Them nickles and dimes and quarters; that powder the rock you a-boughta Mo' dope than we oughta, nigga we turnin your projects into The Carter Got automatic starters, for they automatics choppers And the Texas boy'll automatically break you off somethin proper I knock off a bopper, break down a bird and bust me a flow I'm down with the Pimp and the Prince, from now ever since You don't like it you must be a hoe, so The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ U.G.K Album: Last of a Dying Breed Song: They Down With Us Typed by: Soopamichael@webtv.net [Scarface] Yo Pop .... Let's jump in the fight game boy [Scarface] [Chrous] My nigga Bun B you know he down wit us Short Dog and Doc down wit us Eric B and Pimp C you kwow they down wit us Black Rob and Eightball ...down wit us M.J.G. you know he down wit us B-Legit and E-Feezie down wit us My nigga Young Ke Ke he down wit us South Side nigga and we down tah bust I'm #1 [Scarface]  Too many niggaz takin' rap for a joke You be up for one minute and then the next you're flat broke Rhyme about fly bitches - Daytona - Hardheaded Spokes Pockets once was phat but now your bummin' smokes And now your gung ho got'cha niggaz by your side And the topic of your every conversation's let's ride But let's take 5 and then put that shit aside But you know as well as I know That you don't wanna die I give's ah fuck about your crew  What they wanna do Them niggaz quick tah cock they straps We cock straps too And we blast on fools...fuck you over We smoke niggaz too..like Black Rob do We striaght criminals..fuck an interveiw J-Prince will ethnic cleanse like Hitler used to do Bring on an interlude I'm comin' from a school where if ah nigga mouth Get out-We aim tah hit at you Method subliminal-I'm The Original That bullshit I heard on your disc was pitiful I'm critical-nigga I ride around and housin' My records doin' millions you barely clock a hundred Thousand I clock more dough plus do more shows You brag on tight flows but you can't go gold You sold your soul and bullshit sound low Fuckin' wit me is not so need nine mo' [Bun B] Now the internet,radio,prison even the t.v. All askin' me tah spit the meaning of B-U-N-B Well let's see I'm broader than Broadway Rollin' Brahma's on Broadway  Got your brawd out on Broadway Tah Broadway in ah broad day Now I brought the underground plunger Sound from down under Somethin' like when that thunder pound  Way from round yunder Hey I'm from the South mane Plus I'm the south main fanatical film broker Than Carol on South Main Close your mouth mane I ain't ask tah see your tonsil's or your tounge Lookin' sprung like The Prince was for Repunzil I gets twisted like a pretzel these rappers cryin' the blues Cuz I make this shit look crazier than tyin' my shoes People ask me do I write rhymes I tell 'em I used to  Shit now I'm writin' history you gonna remember Like The Juice Crew U to the G to the K-P-A Playa Miss me bout that U-ing nigga next up is J-R [Pimp C] [Chorus] Unnh tell yah Lil' J is down wit us The boy Big Chief is down wit us The nigga California is down wit us You know the boy Brad is down wit us The boy Big Mike still down wit us Come in die candy sippin' the Tusk Niggaz in the southside down wit us Fifth Ward-down tah ride down wit us [Pimp C] Nore and Ross breakin' 'em off Cuz when they think they winnin' fucked boy your lost I like the rye white raised on gravy and rice This Rap-A-Lot Mafia Life....Super Tight Skip Daddy ain't said must of started smokin' rocks We got game on loud...bitch you ain't proud Smoke private stock-got blades chopped Keep ah young yella bop and ah pistol tah pop On ah punk motherfucker talkin' shit wit ah gun Pimp and Bun like DMC and DJ Run Everyday I come down them niggaz callin' my game Then ge on B-E-T and they don't mention my name Some Grip It On That Other Level Face be bustin' they head Ride Bentley early 90's watchin' out for the Feds Red the king of south and I'm the aire to the throne J-Prince done took off runnin' like Dedo Cartione [Scarface] [Chourus] My nigga J-D you know he down wit us Rock-a-Fella Records is down wit us Cash Money Millionaires Is down wit us Pretty Boy Floyld you know he down wit us Roy Jones Jr. he's down wit us Iron Mike Tyson down wit us Lennox Lewis is down wit us And knockin' motherfuckers out is ah must Rockin' Rodney Moore down wit us My nigga Willie you know he down wit us Can't forget about Reggie cuz he down wit us My nigga J-Prince you know he down wit us  Big Teeth and B-Dub down tah bust And these niggaz in this motherfucker down wit us Takin' motherfuckers out is ah must we #1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sheek Louch f/ Bun B, The Game Album: Silverback Gorilla Song: Think We Got a Problem Typed by: reefo_187@hotmail.com [Chorus: Repeat 2X] I think we got a problem, got a got a problem I think we got a problem, got a got a problem I think we got a problem, got a got a problem Think we got a problem, think we got a problem [Sheek Louch] Think we got a problem, mask on, show you how to rob em Revolver,show you how to solve'm Drivin down Harlem, the Aston a problem No tint fishball it ain't hard to spot him Think we got a problem, weed got too much Only thing damn I'm down to my last dutch Think we got a problem, but really it ain't dough There's one of me, and these bitches I count about three four Think we got a problem, the homey just all talk He ain't gon pop a balloon with a pitch fork Think we got a problem in the club with this dogg Rude boy, starks, ladies, everybody [The Game] Think we got a problem, Game in Manhattan  Black on black Aston the 21 strapped in Dominican chick ridin shotty all strapped in Customize the dash on my shotgun strapped in Cops on the shoulder gotta pull a Hova Time to fade to black cuz I ain't pullin ova The engine is a problem, that ain't no question Pop the trunk see the speakers kickin' like Beckham Think we got a problem, Sheek know I'm hot Kiss and Styles should make me a member of the Lox I take all the beats I remember how to box If I ever get knocked out, I remember how to pop Remember how to load everything inside my glock Ask the niggas in the hood cuz they remember who I shot Think we got a problem, I snitched on myself And I hate rats so I dugg a ditch for myself what [Bun B]  Well it's the king of the trill Bun B'der you know the name  And the streets is like the NBA, I love this game  Keep a bottle of Henessey, a blunt and that purp With my hand up on my heater, and my killaz on churp You see me one deep in the spot, think I'm slippin', try ya luck  Cuz I got sixteen homeys with me, that stay ready to buck You can duck dodge or dive, but it won't do diddly skwat But leave ya with a leaky liver and both ya kidneys shot But you may not pimpin' I ain't fin to ask for it My money, my hood or my respect, Imma blast for it You can't push fast forward, rewind or pause Imma beat you till you shittin ya draws, so call the laws cuz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: S.L.A.B. f/ Z-Ro, H.A.W.K., Mike D, Bun B, Paul Wall Album: The Anthem Song: Tha Streets Typed by: Lil Hustle [Bun B] Well it's that Texas representer, from Port Arthur the Land Coming straight out of that South, with my nuts in my hand Let 'em hang all over this track, and all over the block Cause the S.L.A.B. they got my back, when them boys wanna knock It's U.G.K. for life, still I miss my dog in the game But even from behind the walls, he's still hogging the game Big Bun B ain't nothing changed, get use to the fact And holla when you see me, chunking double deuce out the Lac [Jay'Ton] I'm moving slow up the block, 22's sitting cocked I'm from the South, so it's automatic haters getting dropped See me standing, in my five deuce stance I might seem young but you gon respect me, with this glock in my pants It's Jay'Ton a young guerilla, certified with them hands You thought of stopping Slow Loud And Bangin', you better kill all those plans That go for you and your man's, I'm 18 and well known through the H I run with G's, so you better pump your breaks [Paul Wall] I'm coming from the city of drank sippers, and glock grippers We flow tippers and pimp strippers, we hit licks cause we go-getters I'm Slow Loud And Bangin', them 4's swanging my nuts hanging My piece and chain stay dangling, from South Main all the way to Mangum I'm on that Southlea, with Gu-U and that Cabbage Head I'm with that Bowdy Black, and that Big Mix we breaking bread Stay to FED I hold it down, for all them boys in the 7-0-1 It's H-Town stay down, the streets made us from day one [Hook] We come from (the streets), collect our funds in (the streets) Empty out our guns in (the streets), it ain't no fun in (the streets) You can get done in (the streets), ain't no shining sun in (the streets) Ain't nothing but dark in (the streets), better have heart in (the streets) If you a mark, you need protection from God in (the streets) Cause we got Crips and we got Bloods, that love to mob in (the streets) Packing pistols and AK's, ready for war in (the streets) Duck down our block, and get your ass snatched out your car in (the streets) [Z-Ro] H-O-U-S-T-O-N, T-E-X-A-S M-O-C-I-T-Y-D-O-N, in the flesh I'm feared and respected, walking the streets of Bejave and Ridgevan of South Park know Prolly in a wife beater, but razor blade creases in my jeans plus hydro smoke Fat Pat told y'all back in the gap, that the Southside was holding 22's-24's, Blades Elbows and yeah we rolling A couple of bi-bad bitch, holding our gun for us Just in case the law pull us over, they got no love for us [Boss] I'm from the Southside of Houston Texas, relentless and reckless Making out-of-towners respect us, Boss shine beams like projectors I get boys up in the intersection, for representing your direction You can get a lead infection, better go get your head protection Plus these cowards slipping on the G.P., the H is my home I pop and unlock the trunk, then I'm out on the roam Fo' swangas under the Lac, you know I'm riding the brome I was swanging the lane too hard, bout to break my two chrome [Mike D] I run the town down, gunner town down And won't leave, till I shuffle a brick and a pound It's Don-Dadda, Michael Corleone Ain't no breathing this summer, bitch I'm back home I'ma supply ya block, give it what it need I got five different hustles, whatever you need This H-Town Texas, city of codeine Without no heart and smarts, you'll be dead in these streets [Hook] [Trae] I'm fresh off the block and when I spit, it's already known and respected You can catch me hopping out the Cheve, when it get hectic See me posted on the block, like it's the first of the month 24's and Lamborghini do's on that Back, I'll teach 'em to stunt Now who that mad about the city that I claim, it's Houston Texas forever Whether we on a different side, we still gon mob it together Bitch I've been gangsta from the birth, better check the blood of my brother Slow Loud And Bangin' is the truth, and it'll never be another [H.A.W.K.] Ready or not, here comes the Southern juggernot Thugging out, some might say I'm bugging out Phenomenon, 40 Cal. under my arm Run me warm, I'ma have to do you harm Not of the norm, I'm that smashing feature Abnormal creature, that's what these streets'll teach ya I will defeat ya, punish ya like a cake I'll eat ya Say the name of your block, and I'll come and meet ya [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slaughterhouse f/ Bun B, The New Royales Album: The One 12" Song: The One (Travis Barker Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Slaughterhouse! [Chorus: The New Royales] Sex and drugs and dirty money On the race to rule the world You cut your teeth on fame and diamonds Your time is up now, three.. two.. one {"One one one one one one one one one one, one" – *KRS-One*} We number one {"One one one one one one one one one, one, one" – *KRS-One*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Y-yea, yeah we them Slaughterhouse rock stars, the pitch is black We signin every titty out, we goin tit for tat Now can you picture that? And how ironic is it that I'm ridin round listenin to Nickelback I'm back, on a pill I'm tryin to have Rod Stewart cars, and Ozzy Osbourne motor skills I'm tryin to have a rich bitch like Paris Hilton That like to get her ass smacked like Keri Hilson Haha, I'm the one, who you tryna be? Nuttin to hide, the jimmy covers up my Tommy Lee The one, I stage dive to a pot of gold I'm empty, nothin's inside me but rock 'n' ROLL! [Crooked I] Crooked's got a gun I'm reckless with +Led+, Zeppelin instead Let's get a keg, let's split a mescaline that mess wit'cha head I'm sexin a lez and her best friend in bed I love these freak women Somethin in my denim need a +Kiss+, call it Gene Simmons (get it!) They wanna ban me like Marilyn Manson for all the whores in my Baltimore, Maryland mansion I'm the one who wants to +Spear+ Britney Give Pink some black, put it near her kidneys – here kitty! I'm the one who always cause an affair So every time your bitch burp you smell my balls in the air, yeah [Chorus] w/ Joe Budden ad libs [Joe Budden] + (Joell Ortiz) Yeah, yeah; see I'm a on-stage rock star (backstage porn star) Khloe on her +Kar-dash+ (Kourtney on the OnStar) Zoë Kravitz stumblin out the telly in a torn bra (They dribble on my balls in the whip, now that's a sports car) Dawg, you gotta see him when he drive by (Cock-eyed) Have all the +Ladies+ goin +Gaga+ Me? I'm more mellow, so I'm lookin for a La La (You sure? I want a whore, a Gabor, a young Zsa Zsa) (The one, a +OutKast+, I don't need to rock) So I could put my +Love Below+ by her +Speakerboxxx+ The one (Kate Perry try and kiss my wife) And gave me dome at Katie's +Holme+, baby this the LIFE! [Bun B] Yeah... let's, get it It's Bun Beada the rap addict, I'm back at it You see me rockin heavy metal, this a black 'matic I got a bad habit For +Takin Back Sunday+ and turnin it into a Black Sabbath, dag nabbit! I'm on G like vital rap So let's take it to a level on the speakers like Spinal Tap This that broad shit, that'll start a moshpit Headbangers get to spazzin out and be like "Awww shit!" Slaughterhouse is a +Mötley Crüe+ so I suppose it's only natural they roll around with +Guns N' Roses+ And for those that's, raised with a silver spoon up they noses It's like, later for you posers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Bun B, T.I. Album: Already Platinum Song: 3 Kings Typed by: atx_hardhitter03@yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Lil Jon voice sample throughout] "Oh!-Oh!-Oh!-Kaaaayyyyyy" [Slim Thug] Slim Thugga! Bun B, T.I.P. baby! Boss Hogg, Dirty South! [Chorus 2X: Slim Thug] When I hit the club all the girls show me love Buying out the the bar, got drank by the jug In the V.I.P. with the chicks and the drugs This is T-I-P, Bun B and Slim Thug [Slim Thug] I got drank by the pint, dro by the pound Headed to the club and Tha Boss top down Slim Thug bout the grind, represent H-Town If you love me you gon smile, if you hate me you gon frown Cause me and my Boss Hoggs bout to ball till we fall this year I won't stall, Slim Thugga want it all Going solo! first CD out that's not slow mo' Here's another hit thanks to dranking the do-do Fa sho though, we got the club shut down Tryna pick which chick I'm a cut now Got a fetish for thick girls that's caramel brown On a hunt and up, guess what I just found Come in VIP with me boo, while we post up We blowin purple stuff, we pouring purple stuff We glowing from wrist up, you can tell that we rich It's Slim Thugga, T-I-P and Bun B bitch! [T.I.] 22's on a brand new coupe wit no roof Hundred fifty doller tennis shoes, no suits We some ballers pimp, you oughta be followin our suits No ad-libbing nigga just do like I do Don't get it confused, cause dude I'm not you If you ain't heard the news I'm known as the truth That's why I'm at the bar buying all this Grey Goose Passing it to them broads, cause mayne is they loose That's why nigga Slim Thug, they man what they do Say the black one a slut, but the red would cut too Give em numbers to the suites and tell em to fall through And tell that nigga E.S.G. and Paul Wall too (ohh!) I know Bun B had been fun wit them freaks (yeah!- yeaaaaah!) Do it like a G for Screw and Pimp c From the A but I got all of Houston with me At the superbowl pulling groups of hoes six deep nigga! [Bun B] We going hard in the paint like Carmello (Carmello) This is for the boys who sip purple and sip yellow (yellow) Shorty shake ya jelly like J.Lo, she curvy like a jello Damn baby put me up before I even said hello Is it the car? is it the ice? is it the grill? (is it the grill) Cause I'm a star that paid the price to keep it trill (keep it trill) She at the bar, she lookin nice, she on da pill And she got two more wit her ready, so tell me how you feel (hold up) See pimpin ain't made, nigga pimpin ain't raised Nigga pimpin is born, pimpin since its early days These niggaz get to trippin playa pimpin ain't lazy And if ya miss Pimp C throw up ya dueces and ya tres (mayne) We thought of many ways and perfected the grind (grind) Making million dollas moves, six figga checks we can sign (signed) Slim Thugga you up next to shine, and I can't even lie Wit me and T-I-P man you done wrecked 'em this time foo! (time foo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Bun B, Pharrell Williams Album: Already Platinum Song: I Ain't Heard of That (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Chorus - Slim Thug] + Bun B I don't take 'em out to eat I ain't here to trick or treat I ain't trying to fix your weave I ain't heard of that!! I'm just here to train ho's Put 'em on the main road Teach 'em how to 'Change Clothes' I know you heard of that!! Change your whole attitude It's time to take off your cool If it make you wanna move, then move My niggaz get up on it, live bitches throw it back Ma, act like you want it I know you heard of that!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm the Young Texas A-Rod, KG of the game LeBron James, you niggaz must not know my name I'm Slim Thugga motherfucker! Tha Big Boss of the South And I don't just talk it wit my mouth I back it up wit my vow Before Jimmy cut the check, it was 50 on my neck And over 50 in my ear, I'm the Rookie of the Year I'm here - for the 'Takeover', not out to replace Hova But there's a new hustla in town, yeah the break's over Don't get me confused wit the rest of them dudes I've been Tha Boss down South, I'm just new to a few Please believe, them niggaz don't do what I do I got everything them other rappers got times two (WHOO! C'MON!) [Verse - Bun B] If your gangsta, show your trill If your pimping, show your ring If you balling, show your paper If you shining, show your bling King of the Underground, holding the throne down Want to try and take it from me, hater come on down (c'mon!) Built for business, and God as my witness Have you running a country mile and not for physical fitness (hold up!) When we pulling toys and get to making some noise You got to get somewhere like them Jumpoff Boys here (For real!) So clear the corners homeboy, move around (move around!) Get to stepping homeboy, do it now I ain't busting no warning shot, I pop if I pull it So if we fight tonight somebody gon be biting a bullet I'm a dirty south gangsta, me and Slim Thug And no matter where we go they show us nothing but love For life! It's UGK and we ain't playing And if you ain't screaming "Free Pimp C!" what is you saying? Cause I ain't heard of that! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Go on and move your cool if you want to (get out your seat girl) Go on and make your moves if you want to (I said get up) You can act a fool if you want to, you know you wit them STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm that new problem outta Houston, you got word of that? It's Slim Thug and Neptunes, I know you heard of that Ask your girl, she'll tell ya the truth Your boys cool, but you can't fool wit the Boyz-N-Blue I got something on my neck worth more than yo house I got something in my yard worth more than yo spouse I got something on my wrist worth more than ya team And that car you think clean ain't worth more than my ring (hold up!) Who yo know roll Bentley 'fore the album drop? And still got a few from Pharrell to make the album hot? (Thugga!) Yeah I hear y'all but don't see you niggaz Y'all just making words rhyme, y'all ain't seeing no figgas (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Bun B, Pimp C (UGK) Album: Boss of All Bosses Song: Leanin' Typed by: itssergio@gmail.com [Pimp C sample] Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways [X2] Leanin', Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways Leanin', sittin' sideways, Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways I'mma young ghetto boy dat's why I act dis way rollin' in the candy car leanin' sittin' sideways [Chorus X2] [Slim Thug] Big boss of that damn nawf, grab the mic straight run his mouth Candy blue what you see me floss, when I pull the lac up out the house Lookin' good while I hold the wood, on the slab shit's understood Hit the (stash?) chunk up the hood, boys gotta see me stunt for good New car new ice, it ain't shit I can pay that price, Niggas ain't living like the boss live, that's what that is and I say that twice I tip the 4's and flip the roads, before that album got shipped to stores Boys betta keep they lips closed, before they punk-ass get exposed I done showed the world how the boss hold, Slab or foreign I floss those Drank and dro got me floss mode, doin' 100 on the toll road Pimp and Bun runnin' right behind, pieced up with the grill shine 10 years still putting it down, representin' for that H-Town Michael watts got the beats slow, slim thug keep the streets throwed Brains straight bout to be blowed, cause Rico got them sweets rolled Now ask them cause the streets know, the big boss man got it locked H-Town man I'mma shout that out, till I'm up in Heaven wit Pimp and Pac. [Chorus X2] [Pimp C] Sweet Jones bitch! Unnh Unnh Unnh Tony Snow the mack not the myth, the Pimp I got the gift to break a bitch, twenty thousand behind my lips A hundred thousand on my neck, everytime that I step out Bought the red thang from Chamillion, candy paint swangin in the drop I keep the hoes pussy drip drop wet, lamborghini fuck the vet Top gone lets get it on, I'm the real bitch he's a clone Smelling like Bar 9 cologne, gotta billion dollars out my microphone Slab crusha, dome busta, Promethazine mixed with the tussa We call it banana split, choose a pimp hoe I'm legit Wrecked the grey bitch, bought the red I got a phantom too that's what the fuck I said And I ain't dropped an album yet spend my dirty money don't touch the check if the rap game die I buy some work and keep a young yella bitch that will pull up my skirt and when the bitch get enough her pussy squirt tricks love to see (how it works?) I love the money she love the fame I gotta leveled head she gotta (piece of the brain) I gotta 3-way lover on my cingular She gotta 4 inch cone with jet mink hair Between her legs I'm tellin you And she pay her daddy and that's what it do [Chorus X2] [Bun B] It's Bun B the man and not the myth, ridin on them 4's trunk got the fifth I push one button on my remote , start up my slab and my trunk will lift I got the gift I got straight from God, keep it real never fraud From P-A-T the land of the Trill, so when come out I'mma come out hard You know the name and the resume, my g-code files is documented Certified Rap-a-Lot for life, down with the mob represented Don't play them games because I got the change, to put it in ya mind and on ya brain You'll leak coming out the candy, die where you standing simple and plain I'mma gangsta baby not a baby gangsta, I'm overgrown it's understood Slim Thug the boss, C the Pimp, and I'm Bun the OG to run the hood We got the good, and the flower, hard or soft get it rock or powder But know ya shit when you hit ya lick, it don't come with a textbook tellin' ya how to And the power and the bread, so fuck a law dog, and fuck a fed I'm from the south and we got the crown, and you can't get it back until I'm dead Heard what I said, and press rewind, play it back so you can get the meaning Coming down in that candy slab, grippin on the grain and you know I'm leanin'! [Chorus X2] Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways [X2] Leanin', Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways Leanin', sittin' sideways, Leanin', Leanin', sittin' sideways The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Chamillionaire, Mike Jones, UGK, Paul Wall, Yung Redd,  	Lil' Keke, Z-Ro, Mike D, Big Pokey, Rob G, Trae & Lil' O Album: Boss of All Bosses Song: Welcome 2 Houston Typed by: rapforever86@tlen.pl [Verse 1: Slim Thug] Slim Thugga, Muthafucka! Now welcome to the city of game Piece of chains and swangs Pop trunk and bang, yeah I'm still here mayne Born and raised on the stead block Braids no dreadlocks Married to the hood me and Sunnywood wedlock Acres home my home I'm a Northside veteran Reppin' H-Town, smoking sippin' on some medicine That ain't nobody better than the boss when I floss It's Slim Thugga Muthafuckas Still breaking boys off [Verse 2: Chamillionaire] Still breaking boys off... Hmm, I got plenty cheese, plenty carats and you looking like some caterers And it's looking like you haters and you fakes is immatating us Shadied up, bradied up and I bet that trunk be bladed up Bet you still crawling on 4's So they ain't phasin' us In the hood I'm a grinder, wood on the vinyl TV VCR I'm layed back with your momma You ain't never seen a grinder that grind the way I grind, huh Top off the drop body missin as Osama [Hook- Chamillionaire] Still breakin' boys off Hmm, candy painted with the gloss you can hate but that's the way a playa floss Still breakin' boys off Hmm, getting money's what I'm bout, I'm a get it while these haters just talk Still breakin' boys off Hmm, gotta do it for the north, got to do it for my hustler's in the south Still breakin' boys off Sill breakin' boys off And when I do it I'm a do it like a boss Still breakin' boys off [Verse 3 - Mike Jones] MIKE JONES! I'm still representing H-Town, the city of the candy They see me with a lotta cars, but they don't understand it They said they never see ya boy, out here getting his grind on Phantom, Bentley take ya pick I gettin' my shine on I sold two million records now my paper on swoll Now the mayor of the city, top down when I roll H-Town, home of the candy paint Home of the 84's and vogues and the purple drank [Verse 4 - Bun B] Yeah, it's the city that's slowed, the city that's throwed The city where them boys flip the candy painted loads The city where they blow big killa and stay blowed and Hustlin' ass D-boys got the game sold Where they sip that drank (sip that drank) And drip that paint (drip that paint) And drop that top (drop that top) And grip that grain (hold up) 6-10-I-10-59-45 and the Belt This Clutch City where we play what we dealt Welcome my H-Town [Hook] [Verse 5 - Paul Wall] Hustle town's my home it's where I do my dirt Where the gangsta's smoke water With drank stains on the shirt We ride swangin' chop blades just to break boys off From South Park to the Southwest all the way to that nawf I'm talking Tidwell and Carverdale and Greenspoint too From Denver Harbor to West Airport all the way to Channelview We steady bangin' on this 'Screw', it's choppin' like Kung-Fu Hit me on the 8-3-2 It's Paul Wall, What it do... [Verse 6 - Yung Redd] Ha Know I'm talk 'bout? Purple so muddy I can barely even drive I'm blowin' down trees like a Category 5 Southside of H-Town or on the sunny side I could walk these street if I was blind, know I'm talk 'bout? Yung Redd, take ya out the future Stars imitate swear to God I was a jewler Robert Davis, Fat Pat, this for you To my homie Big Hawk I salute Mayne! [Hook] [Verse 7 - Lil Keke] H-O to the U.S. T.O. to the N God blessed me with the million dollar Pen See them queit money gangstas with they hand in the air That Sunnyside in South Park I was raised out there This is H-Town (H-Town) Screwed up and slowed down It's all love homie Keep rolling up the whole pound Pull up in the monster just look at him hiding Don Ke heart of the south, slab riding [Verse 8 - Z-Ro] H.O.U.S.T.O.N. T.E.X.A.S. We go get it and come back with it until we take our last breath From the city where our stadiums drop the top Z-Ro the Crooked My ghetto pass is good in any hood, any block they got The white cup is for the codiene and the cigarillo is for the kush If you want it we got it cause that's not a product we don't push We used to be the Dirty South Now we so dirty we sip lean So homie you must be touching it If you don't feel me (you don't feel me) [Hook] [Verse 9 - Mike D] Welcome to H-Town, this Third Ward talking Coming down the slab like the fo's crip walking Together we stand, divided we fall, yeah North and the South together we ball Fuck that, nigga, it's a H-Town thang Let me see ya touch the sky if ya feeling me mayne It's Boss Hogg Corleone Nigga that Mike D The drank man daddy You know where to find me [Verse 12 - Big Pokey] State to state dawg, I got 'em jockin' the kid Six backin out the drive away, dropping the wig Y'all know we do it big, like a Freightliner Rig Got stashes full of cash where I keep the money hid Fresh to death homie, how I came in the do' Prada shades on, smelling like a swanger of dro Put'cha H'es up, represent'cha city bro Counting money, iced out Like I'm in a video [Hook] [Verse 13 - Rob G] Southwest put'cha dubs up baby, let's go! Now welcome to the place I love Place I was, raised to be a G It's straight hang with thugs Jam my music slow and hold my H's up Southwest SWAT I know the real dudes and move birdies I go to school early, baby blue Moon jersey Riding around, southwest side of my town 'Still Reppin' My Block', 'How Ya Likn' Me Now?' It's from Sharpstown Braeswood to Alief, black on black 'Lac Paper together we stay deep, it's all [Verse 14 - Trae] Cheyah! King Of The Streets and I'm roam around Houston ridin' 4's Boys better chill for this throw-away leave they curtains closed (lights out) Im in the slab but I'm tippin it like a platinum rose Suicide make the doors presidental when they decide to close (real talk) They want the throne but tell the haters that I got it locked (got it locked) I shoot em up the West so whenever all the way to the block (dows up) I'm so hood it be the true definition of me Ain't no way ya speak about the H Without mentioning me The Truth, nigga! [Hook] [Verse 15 - Lil O] Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah! Ayyo I'm from H-Town, southwest stop drop and roll If I chunk the dub up, the whole hood Rock N Roll Braeswood, Woolfair, Clear Creek, Spice Lane West Bellfort, Fondren, Airport, Sandpiper, stack change I'm so H-Town there's codeine in my blood And I'm a shouted down a war with the meanest of thugs And you ain't never gotta ask if there's lean in my cup I'm a triple O.G. S.U.C., nigga what [Verse 16 - Pimp C] Now I'm from Port Arthur, Texas Ninety miles away For the last fifteen years I been reppin' my state I knew the real DJ Screw sip grape by the case Eight's over ice, Straight product of the H Southside, I never was no big socializer With Bun you can talk I fuck with the boss Like Thug and Prince Civy or Rome or Wrice This game a pie I don't want it all I just need a slice [Hook] Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Bun B, Soulja Boy Tell 'Em Album: More Malice Song: Pronto (G-Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Snoop Dogg] What it do? Comin at you live It's your boy Bigg Snoop Dogg Got my nephew Soulja Boy in this motherfucker And we need you to move like... pronto, like expeditiously Matter of fact, Soulja Boy, holla at 'em nephew Ya diiiiiig? [Chorus: Soulja Boy] Pronto; you know that's how we ball She dancin on my drawers with my back against the wall S.O.D. boys got our money sittin tall While yo' money sittin small, then we make a phone kiz-zall Kiz-zall, I'm callin all my boys They gonna bring the noise when we hit the dance floor My team hardcore, all the girls do adore I'm 'bout to do the game right til my feet get siz-zore, siz-zore [Soulja Boy] Stepped on the scene, make the haters say damn it Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, hottest rapper on the planet Your girl love me, and I know you cain't stand it Gotham City girls got your boy Bat-Mannered Your girl go hard like Dikembe Mutombo Soulja number one but I ain't talkin 'bout the combo S.O.D. boss yeah, I'm the head honcho Walk inside the club I need V.I.P. pronto [Snoop Dogg] Get it in, get it out, turn it up, turn it out Bigg Snoop Dogg and Soulja Boy, told ya boy, in ya mouth Make it bang, make it bounce, break it up, take it out Nigga what you talkin 'bout? Snoop Dogg, walk it out Go to work, do the jerk, do it 'til yo' head hurt We the west, kiss the turf, known throughout the universe Superman and kryptonite, all on the same mic Send us some bad bitches like... (pronto) [Bun B] Church on the move, L7's yellin mayday Rap-A-Lot and "II Trill" lookin fo' a payday Rollin to "The Chronic," it's feelin like it's +Dre Day+ I'm cooler than an +Ice Cube+ and you can ask Day Day Bun B, an O.G. from out the dirty I'm comin down candy and I'm sittin on them 30's Your girlie's kinda purty, she actin kinda flirty I'ma have to take her to the crib and flip her like a birdie Put on for my city (city) rep it for my block (block) Like Hook from outta Brooklyn, or Cap from outta Watts (Watts) Them knots up in my Levis, them Jordans on my toes (toes) That Coogi's on my back and I'm just tryin to get chose (chose) S.O.D. Money Gang, sittin on them stacks (stacks) That LBC O.G. with boppers on the track (track) And last but never least the Underground King is back And we tryin to make it crack, that's a fact, pronto (pronto) [Snoop Dogg] All black hooded up, nigga we can get it up Yeah you can set it up, cause we will never let it up And I'll do it 'til you get enough And I'll leave you dead and red and stuff What it do, what it is I see you haven't read enough This is the life I chose for me, and this is the way I chose to be A lot of fools is cold to me, but that's just the way it's 'sposed to be Never went against the grain, always bang 20 Gang Stand for something dog or you gon' fall for anything but Later for that, yeah I got my swag back I'm with the Soulja Boy, now nigga back back For them G.C.'s and T.C.'s we in the V.I.P. Blowin on some Laker purple trees, jerkin these Workin these cute bad bitches, I think they Vietnamese We gon' get them for they cheese Break it down, spread it 'round, buy a pound Put it in the air right now~! Like pronto (pronto) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Spice 1 f/ Black C, Pimp C Album: Last Dance Song: Thug Thang Y2G Typed by: Timo.Scheffler@allgaeu.org (Chorus) It's a thug thang It's a thuuuuug thang That got me runnin thru the streets With my hand on my heat It's a thug thang It's a thuuuuug thang That got me runnin thru the streets I got my hand on my heat (Spice 1) I do my thug thang, poppin my collar on the mash Players feelin my like titties and ass, I'm bout the cash Damn heated with my head over water, sucker duckin Real players with ambition for cash, we move sumthin In the Yay where we thug at (thug at), fo' sheezie From Vallejo to Sacramento back to the Teezie On a 7 figure mission, the world is ours Play my tape, Bossalini for ever immortalized With a stretch navigator, Lexi or Benzo We roll with Crystal from hay with the Frisco Want some mobstyle thug shit? It's Bossalini  With a infrared beam and a scope, you couldn't see me I'm a worldwide mob figure From Africa to Japan they peepin real niggas, big niggas See I wake up every morning with a hustlin game Try to get it crackulatin and do my thug thang (Chorus) (Black C) It ain't no future in your frontin Better make me some cash I'm on a mission, doin my thug thang (?) From dirty D's to that legal green We got our hands all in it I'm boss-playin with the thug women Stay heavy in the game, chasin that fortune and fame I'm puffin a blunt for the homies gone I'm feelin your pain It ain't no love for us young thugs (young thugs) They'd rather see us pushin drugs on the block, gettin bust Player Whut!? I'm doin it live with worldwide boss-players Now workin with the best thugs we got in the West Never the less, we put our money where our mouth is We're makin major investions up in the show-biz Nor feelin hopeless They had our back against the wall We shooked the haters and the fakers It's now a thug passion to stand tall I'm makin moves like [name] until my casket fall Do war, Black C is down for the 'core (Chorus) (Pimp C) When I was dumb, I used to serve crack rocks Now I'm breakin 'em in the black 'rarri drop top With the V-12 motor, so bitch bent over  For the big dick holder, and we're out with mo' dohja So tell me how you feel when you see a pimp shinin 7 (?) on my neck, rollin diamonds Gat between the cabbage, how you gon' stop me? We done blazed on the '99, never you could chop me Freakin, on the leg a gun, I just bought a new one Black-on-black buggin, man, we bought moma the blue one When you saw me in a white one that was fat big butted [name] just gave me a cheque for (?) That was just the first hat on your fuckin bitch-ass Comin down breakin 'em with the bulletproof glass Now you can suck a dick but I'ma suck on your breast Cause that's the way we pimp 'em in the South 'n the West (Chorus)  Big Ridin  (it's a thug thang)  Keep Ridin (it's a thug thang)  Still Thuggin (it's a thug thang)  Keep Smilin (it's a thug thang) (Spice 1) Hahahahaaaa... Fetty Chico, Shiznilty Sendin this one out to the whole West-Sizzie The Biggedy-Bay, you know I'm sayin? C-Town, Courtin, Floss-vegas, Fresno, San Diego, Portland And everybody else who supported the Thug-Theezie The Thug-Thang, you know what I'm sayin? Blooow!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Bun B, Hit-Boy, Styles P Album: Extended Play Song: Funeral Season Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Styles P] (Statik Selektah) Statik whattup?! Ghost! D-Block (Statik Selektah!) [Verse One: Styles P] Stone cold shooter, let the heater blow Gun that a just main Twitter, follow the leader though Up in the hood, homie askin I got my nina on Adjusted his eyes on some niggas that he needed gone It's like that regular life ain't normal If you die to shine the ice ain't for you If the sky fall then the skype can't warn you Like when you hear it crack the dice don't warn you Lightin up weed, pour that sour In the streets in the mix like Kool Aid powder Ride on them niggas show 'em you ain't coward Yeah you got family but you ain't ours Get popped up, oxed up or boxed up Thins it's a joke then bitch nigga then hop up 'Cause I'm Ghost and I'm still O.G. This time I'm with Statik and the trill O.G.  Whattup?! [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" [Verse Two: Bun B] I walk the cold streets of the city with big heaters Ready for cats there's no one up they dick beaters Yeah it's big B the trill O.G. walkin So keep your mouth shut when the OG talkin If I want your opinion then nigga I'll beat it out of you I'm bred for the gutters bitch I'm doin what I gotta do And that's got alot to do with where I was raised Original land of the trill where they roamin with k's On the ground with the gauge and they lurkin with ninas Doin dirt to get paid committin more than misdemeanors What's the wildest shit you seen a nigga do in his life? Is the average shit, that's goin on here every night And you can go to P.A. to the beam out in Yonkers The young niggas wildin in the streets goin bonkers Best thing I could do right now is pray for you I pass Pineiro the pistol nigga to lay on you, hold up [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" [Verse Three: Hit-Boy] For every nigga that say he proud of me, it's a nigga out for me Feelin like Martin Luther I'm standin out on the balcony Niggas used to be close but I cut 'em off call 'em amputees Niggas was in the van with me, only niggas advance with me Bitches ain't wanna fuck now they on they knees for a chance with me If you knew what that bass meant this is my fuckin rhapsody Feel like I'm on +Rap City+ killin it with my faculty High off the ground I swear I'm defyin gravity An IE youngin but when I grow up I'm a buy me somethin I always knew it like the psyche bluffin Miss Cleo of the hustle I swear I could see the future We got bigger guns than dreams little niggas'll shoot ya For no reason other than colors he looked up to his brother Now we layin beside him too many tears for a mother Too many story of hunger but fuck your informercial I be out here in the streets tryin to teach my niggas to come up Word! [Chorus: Statik Selektah Scratchin] L-L-Livin rich or livin poor-f-f-funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" T-T-This not the season can't stop the heathen-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-Al-All the All the g's is gettin money, and relaxin-"Jadakiss" T-T-The funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" A-A-And I don't even care about the charges if they ain't federal-"Jadakiss" Funerals stay on schedule-"Jadakiss" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Bun B, Cory Mo Album: Stick 2 the Script Song:   Get Out the Way Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Bun B - talking] Yo, Selektah [Chorus] (*scratching of samples*) "Give a fuck nigga, what you say" - Too $hort "UGK" - Too $hort "Bitch, you need to get out the way" - Pimp C "You need to learn the game before you try to play" - Pimp C "Give a fuck nigga, what you say" - Too $hort  "U-U-UGK" - Too $hort "Repr-repr-represent just like I should" - Bun B "It's time to learn the game before you try to play" - Pimp C [Bun B - talking behind the Chorus] Statik Selektah [Verse 1 - Bun B] It's Bun B, I'm reppin P-A-T Port Arthur, Texas motherfucker, I'm a P-A G Come on down to where this P-A be We deep down in the Dirty, where these niggaz a go for B-A-D See they be, grimey ass gutter niggaz, that go hard And they ain't never heard of no go hard They the type of cats that'll show up at your house and yo yard Whoop you and your daddy bitch ass, they so hard See you can take it as a joke, but why you waitin for somebody to laugh They be there to cut you in half With the K, we don't play with the chopper And we take no shit off a bitch, be it nigga or a bopper Big nut holder, big dick slanger Big knot stacker and a big body swanger Pop trunk, I'm a banger UGK for life, you ain't with it, you can get the middle fanger [Verse 2 - Cory Mo] Uh, I'm a represent the game like a O.G. should And hold it down for the Pimp and keep a fist full of wood I got a swisher full of good, a pound full of bread And plus a résumé to back up every word that I said You heard what I said, money at the door 'round here We got the top dropped down on 84's 'round here And I'm the first motherfucker on the block for the cash And if you step out of line, partner we poppin your ass (poppin your ass) I'm a certified old school God damn fool (fool) +Trill Recognize Trill+ and I don't recognize you (who?) Cory Mo is the name, step your game up mayn You can catch me off in North Shepherd doin my thang All I need is a couple of grams and sour D's And a thick thighed bopper to turn in and swallow these (*slurp*) (swallow these) Now that's what I call a hell of a day But you need to know the game before you try to play, nigga [Outro] - *scratching of Pimp C samples* "You already know" "It's the dope Super Bowl and nigga I'm about to win it" "I'm a, I'm a, I'm a Pimp" "I'm everything that your man out there tryin to be" "Pimp C, P-A trill nigga" "Made myself, a ghetto star" "Move around bitch, you need to get out the way" "You need to learn the game before you try to play" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Bun B, Wale, Colin Munroe Album: 100 Proof: The Hangover Song: So Close, So Far Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (Statik Selektah) [Verse 1 - Bun B] Wouldn't it be nice if life was sort of like a dream (like a dream) And everything wasn't really what it seemed? What if everything you ever wished for was in reach (reach) And you could learn everything your school didn't teach? (teach) Wouldn't it be nice if the banks didn't fuck up the loans And people ain't have to move out they homes? (homes) With no GM or AIG And for that matter no cancer or A-I-D Yes, I'm sure we could all agree That the world I'm talkin about is where we would like to be (be) Worried about debts, recessions and foreclosure Too much stress, somebody pass me the doja (the doja baby) So I could just float (float) And not have to worry about payin my car note (note) But once the smoke clears, you right back where you was But it's still cool just to dream man because [Break - Colin Munroe] - w/ ad libs I'm high for sleep, I'm high for work (I'm high for work) It always seems so real, then fades away (away) I know I sold my soul, I ? I guess these major deals ain't all they seem Not quite what I was (dreamin of) [Chorus - Colin Munroe] One world, one heart (not quite what I was dreamin of) So close, so far (not quite what I was dreamin of) No tears, no scars (not quite what I was dreamin of) We're so close, so far (not quite what I was dreamin of) I need more than sixteen, Stat' [Verse 2 - Wale] We was lookin for change 'til Barack came Sooner lookin for change but these rocks ain't Movin, eyelids low 'cause my bills too high And my kids growin quick and my lady's growin tired So my outlook's dim and my house is eventually without any heat Unless it's comin out of me See, wages is minimum The race that I run feels Usain quick and I'm in ankle weights and Timberlands Life's tryin to lap you Them hustlers fast but life is a three course meal, let them fast foods Have it for now Quick money never stays, get your money, stay patient, outlast it for now Before I lay down, I thank God for the blessings Every bit of success, as well as my imperfections 'Cause ain't nobody perfect, everybody searchin For happiness, we livin like every day's urgent Every day's harder, ain't nothin here promised To live as Will Smith, you must endure the Chris Gardners Wale, we good [Chorus] - 2X Dreamin on a lullaby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Screwed Up Click f/ Lil' O, Bun B, Benz Album: Making History Song: Back Up Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook] If you a hating ass nigga, back up (back up) If you a broke ass nigga, back up (back up) If you a fake ass nigga, back up (back up) If you a do' popping nigga, back up (back up) Now all my real ass niggaz, what's up (what's up) Now all my real ass bitches, what's up (what's up) Now all my money making niggaz, what's up (what's up) Now all my money making bitches, what's up (what's up) [Lil' O] Know when to move orangatang, gorilla or ape Could ever disrespect the Rat, and take food off my plate I'm as official as a missile, hitting you in the face That's from Texas fuck with O, to find you in a lake So back up lil' daddy, you don't want no problems Cause swisha sweet boys, don't revolve 'em evolve 'em And any gangsta situation, guns'll solve 'em So get your mind right, before you lose your noggin See I ain't really going, for that ducking and dodging That pushing and rassling, that weaving and bobbing I just throw on a mask, like I'm Batman and Robin And let the thang loose, and watch boys start jogging You know how I do, man y'all see me mobbing Broad on the right side, slurping and slobbing Haters mean mugging, like we gotta rob 'em I mean mug 'em right back, like is it a problem [Hook] [Bun B] Now anyway Bun B can bring it, it's bout to be brought Any way that you can catch it, fool it's bout to be caught There's lessons to be taught, haters to be shot Either by .50 Cal Mag, or that 30-30 out You bought mo' than you can pay fo', now you got's to lay low Kick do' to your mama house, pistol to your bay' bro You think we came to play no, absolutely not So tell me how to find your brother house, 'fore you get shot You gave up all the game, and still got smacked with that pistol The streets is screaming, the gangsta is back and official They ask him what he love the most, bet he say a hater Getting hit up with that heat, till he shake like a vibrator And my state'd be the first, to lead the charge That'll forward you bullets, off in your house and garage Cause we them boys, that put the fire to the flame Burn it down like Baghdad say fool, charge it to the game [Hook] [Benz] Here them Queen boys come, and it's one for the record It's one life one love, that got you lame's under pressure I'll tell you to your face, you ain't gotta ask me no questions Talking tough will get you lames, laid out on a stretcher I don't fuck with the law, that got my dogs on lock So this one for T-Bird, Mano, Baby and Brah All that I got talk, I take what ya got Since Mississippi Burning, see we play with that fire True I stay with that fire, from the club to them streets Boy I stay on my grind, from them drugs to them beats Nigga stop lying, you ain't no thug boy you weak When it come to that money, I'll wake you up out your sleep Now all my Mississippi niggaz blaze up, blaze up Now all my Louisiana niggaz boot up, boot up Now all my T.S. niggaz sick up, sick up Now all my T.A. niggaz get buck, get buck [Hook] Back up, what's up - 8x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Raheem DeVaughn, UGK Album: Ear Drum Song: Country Cousins Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Intro: Raheem DeVaughn] Down cousins.. across the border I got cousins.. country cousins I got cousins.. country cousins WHOO! [Talib Kweli over Intro] Yo son, what the deal son? What's really hood son? (what's really hood?) Word is bond, shit is real, shit is real Yo son, this block is def Nigga need to go over here and pop off real quick I gotta get that guap by all means, you know what I'm sayin son [Talib Kweli] Growing up in Brooklyn, shit I thought that everybody talked this way Raised on Rakim and Run-D.M.C., so we thought that everybody +walked this way+ "We fresh, we chill, we def, we ill," it's just some things that was taught to say And every Saturday morning, I watched cartoons with a bowl of Frosted Flakes And.. the puberty came, started hitting them cuties with game and the truancy came (uh!) Started cutting in acting class, I was comin all fast, I was new to the game (uh!) Used to playin on T.V., courtesy of video music box Plus! Knew a lot of hustlas, goin O.T., comin back with the new hip-hop Like! E-40 holding down the yay (that yay), N.W.A. in L.A. OutKast from the A-Town, way down in Houston they play the UGK I walk and talk kinda fast and thought of as a New York kinda rhymer (word is bond) But must New Yorkers got family in South and North Carolina (come on!) L.A. is little Alabama, they walk and they talk with a country grammar And you think everybody else sound country, so they get started, started callin 'em "Bama Down south where we buy them hammers, down south where we sell them drugs Down south where life is cheap, where they quick to fill you up with slugs [Chorus Talib Kweli w/ Raheem DeVaughn singing in background] It's nothin, I'm from New York but I got country cousins It's nothin, you stay connected by the slang you bustin Want it simply put? You can't rip me when I spit for the Section One free I'ma underground king, nigga Pimp C free Word up to my man Bun B what? It's nothin, I'm from New York but I got country cousins It's nothin, you stay connected by the slang you bustin The thing you bustin, the game you hustlin, the days your cuttin The flame you cuffin and the lames you snuffin, your name is nothin! [Bun B] Growing up in P.A., I knew nobody out there talked like us Nothin but that county slang, "What up dog? What up cuzz?" Late night you see us guzzling 40's, menthols, wine, and weed Sitting on the back porch, getting zooted, feeling fine in deed Listening to Eric B.and Rakim or EPMD Cool C and Steady B, plus that Public Enemy Not to mention N.W.A., DJ Quik, and MC Eiht Down south we listen to it all, we didn't discriminate Then along came Geto Boys, Raheem, and the Royal Flush Rap-A-Lot Records based out in Houston, represents for us O.G. Style, The Convicts, Def IV and Too Much Trouble Odd Squad and Ganksta NIP put it down for H-Town on the double So I said, "It's time to hustle," got down with my brother C Put together UGK and shit the rest is history We make hits by the dozen, put it down when they said we wasn't Trust me it's nothin, just another day in the life for country cousins [Pimp C] In Brooklyn, New York I'm down with Large and Marl Back in P.A.T., man we be sippin the barre I'm down with J. from Houston and I think it should be But when I'm mobbin L.A. I fuck with Ice-T Short Dog is my O.G., we been down forever Taught me the game, lane to lane, and keep my pimpin together Niggaz don't understand by far back in the day It was amazing and my brother put me up on Black Star Starving blacks on the news, I weighed Cause we isolate ourselves and give our ghetto pass away My niggaz passed away in an unreal way They mommas depleted, I'm just tryna make sure that their kids straight I'm on the chitalin tour with my mic in my hand Shittin on these jealous niggaz in the new world clan I wouldn't trade it for nothin, only a crazy man would I represent for the whole South, I made it just for my hood The pimpin's good... [Raheem DeVaughn] I got cousins (I got cousins), country cousins (country cousins) Like blood that's thicker than water (it's nothin), down dirty 'cross the border I got cousins (I got cousins), country cousins (country cousins) Like blood that's thicker than water (it's nothin), down dirty 'cross the border In my country cousins! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology f/ Bun B Album: Politics as Usual Song: How We Rock Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Termanology] (DJ Premier scratching) Uh! Premo, Pre-mo, Bun B, Bun-B (Now-Now-Now this is how we rock!) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-R-R-ROCK-ROCK) This is how we (You ready?) Let's go, yeah! (Now-Now-Now-Now-Now-Now-Now-Now-Now this is how we rock!) [Verse 1: Termanology] Yo! Hopped off this phone with Bun, rolled this blunt Told him son your album so cold I'm numb Fittin to go plat, but If I go gold just once I copped enough coke and guns to open Trump Towers of my own, then I control the slums Where the birds and the rats and the roaches from Far as rap goes, I'm the coldest one Just gimme the mic, I'll show you the soul of Pun Like, I'll grip the mini matic irratically fat as family Snatchin vanity Violator couldn't manage me Uh! They don't really want it what Tony Montana be sniffin Danity Kane so insane is reality My pain is reality, grippin this mic After me other rappers don't sound that TIIIIGHHHHHHHHHTTTTTT!!!! Ology in the place with Bun B  And we got what it takes to rock the mic RIIIGHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTTTT!!!!! Chorus: Termanology] (DJ Premier scratching) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-R-R-R-ROCK-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-R-R-R-R-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-ROCK-R-ROCK [Bun B] (DJ Premier scratching) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-R-R-R-R-R-R-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-R-R-ROCK-R) This is how we (ROCK-R-ROCK-Now this is how we rock!) [Verse 2: Bun B] I be jumpin out the bushes like a jag, boy Better watch yo' back boy, the king of the trill is in the buildin Killin the track boy, act boy, like you want do it Get smacked, boy, head cracked boy, I thought you knew it Matter fact, boy, you in the wrong place with the wrong one On the shark pier and you 'bout to walk the long one Sing a sad song son, play a violin To your preacher to the choir, G I'm about to end you Bun B, the best that did it and still doin it Cut on the track and I'm black and blue in it, ruin it Like a, wet dream better keep it movin like a jet stream With me and Termanology out to get cream We on the next scheme while you still plannin the first Dyin of thirst, I po' out a bottle for Pimp C! UGK fo' life, nothing above it With Premier on the beat and Termanology you gotta love it! [Chorus: Bun B] [*Termanology] (DJ Premier scratching) This is how we (ROCK) *This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-R-R-R-ROCK) *This is how we (ROCK-R-R-R-ROCK-) This is how we (R-R-R-R-R-R-ROCK-ROCK) *This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-OCK-R-OCK-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-ROCK-ROCK-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-R-R-R-R-R-ROCK!) [Verse 3: Termanology] Put the mind and the body with the rhyme and the shotty Gonna find me a mami sippin lime and Bacardi Get down like John Gotti with the mafia behind me Gettin profit like the sign me army closin when ya find me then Uh, I keep bombin that Osama ship predominately coffins At the novelist involed in this more tonic shit You gotta follow it the cat you pop a bottle with Still, go on and rock this shit Bun what's the politics? [Verse 4: Bun B] Term, you already know it's Obama '08 Cats in the streets is like, mo' skama, mo' weight The rap industry is mo' drama, mo' hate Mo' Money means you got Mo' Problems on yo' plate It's all good though cause we still in the hood though Gettin love where these fake rappers wish they could go I wish they would show they face in the ghetto We put 'em in a nice, deep, dark place in the ghetto, for real! [Chorus: Termanology] [*Bun B] (DJ Premier scratching) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) *This is how we (R-R-ROCK-R-R-R-ROCK) *This is how we (R-R-R-R--R-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) *This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (ROCK) This is how we (R-R-ROCK) This is how we (ROCK-Now this is how we rock!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology f/ Bun B, Freeway, Joell Ortiz, Saigon, Sheek Louch Album: If Heaven Was a Mile Away (A Tribute to J Dilla) Song: Say It Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Sheek Louch] Yeah! (Yeah!) Say it muh'fucker I layed down laws, now beg muh'fucker (no doubt) I'm sittin outside with the BLUCKA-BLUCKA-BLUCKA If you want it {"C'mon"}, anybody just {"Say it"} Hey, Sheek Louch in this bitch (Oww!) Face all pretty ain't never need a stitch (uh-uh) Hold the gun steady, ain't no time to twitch (ha ha!) First time there, fucked all type of bitch -- ES (C'mere babe) Now I'm sittin in that thing (thang) Yankee hat low with all type of bling (BLING!) Bloods, Crips, the whole Latin Kings (B-B-BLAT) Fuck with me, thank you if y'all stuck with me (D-BLOCK!) Me and Term like Friday, we Big Perm (ha ha!) I mean Big Worm (Big Worm), spread big germs (big germs) A species, we ballin, now give us our ESPYs' (YEA!) Muh'fucker I said just {"Say it"} Yeah, that's where the 16s' stop Big Tech Nine loaded up with sixteen pop You ain't hip-hop cause you wear backpack (nah) You ain't underground cause you dance like that (nah) It's been driftin, but now it's comin right back (Yeah!) With Big Term, Sheek Louch, lesson is learned (Let's go!) Yeah, we need one more day, one more path One more pen to take niggaz away, I say {"Say it"} [Joell Ortiz] You say it, you did it, you didn't then they did it to you You couldn't wake up and hustle, you had to get approval (word) And become a big dog or stay a little poodle (arf!) Hatin like, "That's word to my mother, I knew that nigga boo-boo!" (Ha!) Take a look at this game y'all, this shit is doo-doo (look!) Niggaz say what they don't do (what else?), talk what they don't know It's a circus not a zoo, they say they walk where they don't go Ask about them in the hood, nobody knows who they are (who?) Cause all they did was play they window and study our way of life and write it on they paper nice (wow) So you could lie and say you played the script late at night But I know when I had to hit the ave, I used to take your bike You was always that lil' dude that the neighbors like Your face smooth, you ain't NEVER been in a razor fight So when you say what you did, make sure you say it right Cause I ain't gon' only break your jaw, I'ma break your mic [Termanology] I pledge allegiance to beatin the shit out of every beat And greeted immediately, me and Sheek and Joell Might as well be Rakim, Kane and LL I puff a L, then stuff a shell up in a ball {"Say it"} if you really want the hammer The cannon'll blow your grandma, make it hotter than Atlanta They call me Termy Montana the vandal that handle grammar Fuck a police scanner, I'm standin up on a gram and just {"Say it"} And we come through deep Bunch of crazy Puerto Ricans and we all got heat Give a fuck about a hater cause we all got beef I do songs with Bun B, Saigon and Free - for free! That says a lot for me I get respect from the rappers that you dyin to meet Monday's murder mass, Tuesday's out in Philly Wednesday's Port Author back to NYC, c'mon [Bun B] {"Say it"} to my face if you got the testes Don't try to test these, you better bounce like jet skis Cause we body beats and this one I'ma murder that It's UGK 4 Life {"C'mon"} I know you heard of that {"Say it"} like I murder rap, buddy I'ma body bars Leave lines leakin on loose leaf then prob'ly scarred I don't talk to fakes, I don't try to Polyguard They find you stankin in Frisco at the trolley yard Lord, have mercy, have grace Have the decency to get the fuck up outta my face I ain't down with the braggin, you're dumb so your convo's laggin And really {"C'mon"} you got the dragon We melt mics G, but not like that I'ma run and grab you some Colgate and be right back Now that's real, just keepin it trill  You wanna be the big will like J Dill {"C'mon"} Then motherfucker just {"Say it"} Fuck the radio, internet play it NahRight.com yo it's time to SK it Let the hood okay it, no way it could lose R.I.P. to my dude, Pimp and J Dilla too Two of the best that was keepin it true And if you miss 'em both like I do  Then let me hear you just {"Say it"} [Saigon] I mastered my zone, that's why I'm in a class of my own This was '93, I'd probably be blastin the chrome Y'all'll be sittin ya asses at home And you was a telephone thug, who only talk trash on the jones Now in the booth, you this bullet-proof certified murderer This had any truth, why nobody never heard of ya? You only known for rap nigga, bumpin your gum Nobody seen none of this crack, that you dumped in the slum, BUM Nobody seen you bustin your gun You wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight, (shit) your pussy lips too tight Man, I'll you 'bout a kid named Divine Live by the thirty-eight {"c'mon"} and die by the nine {"Say it"} What's it gon' take to make niggaz stop lyin in they rhyme? Is this what you gotta do to shine? Who give a fuck if radio say it's a hit? Real niggaz consider it miscellaneous shit Nah, we ain't the ones to play with (play with) we slay shit (slay shit) You wan' rhyme with the big boys then nigga just {"say it"} [Freeway] Who the only nigga that drop thirty-one songs  in a row and they all hot? (Yep!) Y'all niggaz drop songs and they all flop (uh) Killin me, I gun ya all down, thirty shots in a row (yeah) {"Say it"} Me and Term' spit fire burn, we'll burn Drop bombs like Vietnam, send you home missin arm Missin leg, I'm the plague, I'm a renegade Hundred-fifty boys come, hundred-fifty boys laid (yea) out, sprayed out with their brain out Nigga said he spittin fire, Freezer put the flame out Freezer needed money so Freezer put the 'caine out '09's mines, clear the lane out 'fore I drain out the 11th letter, that's the K for you stupid fools Make memorials out your hangout I am Destiny's Child, all you gotta do is +Say My Name+ out loud, fuck the crowd, pull the thang out - BLAOW! BLOAW! {"Say it"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology f/ Bun B, Freeway, Joell Ortiz, Saigon Album: Cameo King II Song: Say It (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Say it"} [Joell Ortiz] You say it you did it, you didn't then they did it to you You couldn't wake up and hustle, you had to get approval And become a big dog but stay a little poodle Hatin like, "That's word to my mother, I knew that nigga boo-boo" Take a look at this game y'all, this shit is doo-doo Niggaz say what they don't do, smoke what they don't know It's a circus not a zoo, they say they walk where they don't go Ask about them in they hood nobody knows who they are Cause all they did was play they window and steady R Way of life and write it on they paper nice So you could lie and say you played the strip late at night But I'd know when I had to hit the ave I used to take your bike You was always that lil' dude that the neighbors like Your face move, you ain't never been in a razor fight So when you say what you did make sure you say it right Cause I ain't gon' only break your jaw, I'ma break your mike [Termanology] I pledge allegience to beatin the shit outta every beat and then greet it with immediately me and Sheek and Joell might as well be Rakim, Kane and LL I puff a L and stuff a shell up in the borough {"Say it"} if you really want the hammer The cannon'll blow your grandma, make it hotter than Atlanta They call me Tony Montana, the van that handled grammar{?} Fuck a police scanner, I'm standin up on a grand and just {"Say it"} and we come through deep Bunch of crazy Puerto Ricans and we all got heat Give a fuck about a hater cause we all got beef I do songs with Bun B, Saigon and Free For free, that says a lot for me I get respect from the rappers that you dyin to meet Monday's Murder Mass, Tuesday's out in Philly Wednesday's pour heart then back to N.Y.C., c'mon [Bun B] {"Say it"} To my face if you got the testes Don't try to test these, you better bounce like jetskis Cause we body beats, and this one I'ma murder that This UGK for life {"c'mon"} I know you heard of that {"Say it"} like a murder rap, buddy I'ma body boys Leave lines leakin on loose leaf and probably scarred I don't talk to fakes so don't try to polly god They find you stankin in Frisco at the trolley yard Lord, have mercy, have grace Have the decency to get the fuck up out of my face I ain't down with the braggin, ya dumb so ya convo is laggin And really {"c'mon"} you got the dragon We melt mikes G, but not like that I'ma run and grab you some Colgate and be right back Now that's real, just keepin it trill You wanna be the big will like J Dill'? {"C'mon"} Then motherfucker just {"say it"} Fuck the radio, internet play it NahRight.com, yo it's time to S.K. it Let the hood okay it, no way it could lose R.I.P. to my dude, Pimp and J Dilla too Two of the best that was keepin it true And if you miss 'em both like I do Then let me hear you just {"say it"} [Saigon] I mastered my zone, that's why I'm in a class of my own This was '93 I'd probably be blastin the chrome Y'all'll be sittin ya asses at home And you was a telephone thug, who only talk trash on the jones Now in the booth, you this bullet-proof certified murderer This {?} truth, why nobody never heard of ya? You only known for rap, nigga, bumpin your gum Nobody seen none of this crack, that you dumped in the slum, bum Nobody seen you bustin your gun, you wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight (Shit) Your pussy lips too tight Man, I'll you 'bout a kid named Divine Live by the thirty-eight {"c'mon"} and die by the nine {"say it"} What's it gon' take to make niggaz stop lyin in they rhyme? Is this what you gotta do to shine? Who give a fuck if radio say it's a hit? Real niggaz consider it miscellaneous shit Nah, we ain't the ones to play with (play with) we slay shit (slay shit) You wan' rhyme with the big boys then nigga just {"say it"} [Freeway] Who the only nigga that drop thirty-one songs in a row and they all hot? Y'all niggaz drop songs and they all flop Killin me, I gun ya all down, thirty shots in a row, yeah {"Say it"} Me and Term' spit fire burn, we'll burn Drop bombs like Vietnam, send you home missin arm Missin leg, I'm the plague, I'm a renegade Hundred-fifty boys come, hundred-fifty boys laid out, sprayed out with their brain out Nigga said he spittin fire, Freezer put the flame out Freezer needed money so Freezer put the 'caine out '09's mines, clear the lane out 'fore I drain out the 11th letter, that's the K for you stupid fools Make memorials out your hangout I am Destiny's Child, all you gotta do is +Say My Name+ out loud, fuck the crowd, pull the thang out Blaow! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Three 6 Mafia f/ Pimp C Album: Last 2 Walk Song: I Got Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * The beat sampled during the intro and song is "Kernkraft 400" by Zombie Nation,   which is itself a sample of David Whittaker's music from the game "Lazy Jones" [Intro] * Three 6 Mafia! Put your money where your mouth is boy If you really wanna do somethin GET THE FUG UP!!! [Chorus: Pimp C] Bitch I got money (ha) I got clothes (uhh) I got whips (hold up) I got hoes (be-atch) I got money (uhh) I got clothes (HAH) I got whips (hold up) I got hoes (hold up) Bitch I got money (ha) I got clothes (uhh) I got whips (hold up) I got hoes (be-atch) I got money (uhh) I got clothes (HAH) I got whips (hold up) I got hoes [Verse One] I'm ridin tall on 24's, spittin game out to the hoes With my windows tinted black, make you think you saw a ghost My home painted white on white, inside leather white on white Chiefin, drankin up all night, ballin out yeah that's the life Ladies wanna ROLL with me, blow a bag of 'DRO with me Party to the crack of dawn, when I'm down in YO' city I'm all about this pimpin, when it comes to wo-men Get some head while drive mayne, oh what a feelin~! [Verse Two] Here I am; here I am so fresh, so so clayn Off in the club, aww shit I see I blew the hoe's brain Befo' I came, I say I blew a whole thang Clean as a dollar, off in my black on black Impala The Don Dada, is what they call me overseas But over here I should say I'm the king of Memphis, Tennessee Rap, is a wrap, haters wrapped off in my duct tape What it take I say I been hard since first mixtape Face get your G's up, way way up to my level Higher than the clouds where my daddy restes in heaven But on another note I'm so stylish I changed the name I surpassed clean, like a baby, I'm clayn clayn [Interlude] Ay let me tell you niggaz somethin Let me tell you somethin nigga {*beat changes to a piano loop*} [Verse Three] That paper is like trash nigga, throw that shit out (throw that shit out) Throw that shit out (throw that shit out) Throw that shit out (throw that shit out) That paper is like trash nigga, throw that shit out (throw that shit out) Throw that shit out (throw that shit out) - YESSIR Throw that shit out (throw that shit out) We got - big rims, big cars, big guap, ghetto stars In the hood, gettin rich, gettin it, livin large Sellin white, sellin pills, sellin crystal meth meth Sellin D's, sellin speed 'til there's nothin left left Fresh clothes, pullin hoes, get my roll on (roll on) Phone ringin off the hook, bitch hold on (hold on) I got a brand new woofer, put some more hoes on So I can hit the club, strip, and get chose on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Three Six Mafia f/ Project Pat, Pimp C Album: Da Unbreakables Song: Like a Pimp (remix) Typed by: mario_025@raidersfan.net * * send corrections to the typist Chorus 1 (2x) Gator Boots and the suits is the clothes Like a pimp Keep the money not folded in a roll Like a pimp When I see you bitch you better have my dough Like a pimp Reach Back Like a pimp Slap the Hoe [Juicy J] Now I ain't Don Juan with the magic wand wand but I can break a bitch for the cheese and the funds I don't have to use a gun or even make the hoe cum if a nigga go to jail then a bitch make bond while you shakin that ass in the shake john john I be sittin in the back rollin big blunt blunts let me know when you off to collect my money If a nigga can't get it then a nigga will hunt Cause playas like me don't see nothing funny bitch better have my motherfucking money black eyes and bruisin up a face I den done it to let her know these bonified pimps who run it She make a G a night but she told me 200 but that's what I get fuckin wit a snow bunny I told her like this ask that nigga you be callin police found a body that very next morning Chorus (2x) [Pimp C] Smoking on the dro Young R-uin pimpin for my paper and I'm looking for the chewin' bitch I got to do what the fuck I got to do sippin' pop pills smoke good and bank spru' stupid pussy niggaz acting all brand new when they get some money that's what fool boys do I ride in the side get high in the side grip on the granny get plenty good miles from them deep suckin' hoes with a mouth full of gold she playin with her nose but she suck a mean hose I can't even lie like a ghetto ass bitch is down for her daddy aint scared to break a trick a yellow ass, switchin' fast, suckin' while a pristic ass in the six, breakin' bricks, ballin' in the fucking mix Pimp C, bitch you can't act like you don't know get down on your knees like a top notch hoe…hoe…hoe…hoe Chorus (2x) [Project Pat] I like to kiss that weak gal moving tongue with the head Kind that have a young nigga sprung out in the bed Kind that make a motherfucker toes curl to his legs And that tell any motherfucker just what she did Play-a, can you dig, as she'll stroke the esophagus She can beat the stick or big ass hippopotamus aint no fuss plus her mouth open and dicks in Project Pat came to get the cat and I'm in the benz [DJ Paul] see I'm a pimp playa, hoes, lay her money make a bitch break her first take her find me a good worker like a navigator drop the slut on a corner with nothing but baby wipes keep that pussy clean and Imma see you later on tonight first I went and got the hoe, then I started to work the hoe off the whammi got a grammy just the way she brought me though then she went and bought some more all I want a block a yo keep your boy dro, blood, and some drank waitin' at the door Chorus (2x) Reach Back...(5x) Like a pimp Slap the hoe Reach Back...(5x) Like a pimp Slap the hoe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Three 6 Mafia f/ U.G.K. Album: When the Smoke Clears Song: Sippin' on Some Syrup Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com  Sippin' on some siz-erp, sip, sippin' on some, sip (Repeat 8x) [Pimp C] I'm trill working the wheel, a pimp not a simp Keep the dope fiends higher than the Goodyear Blimp We eat so many shrimp, I got iodine poisoning Fuck niggas make me sick with all that pinchin' and bargaining You say that you a boss, I ain't believing that shit You got the funny Geneva watch, with the Ferrari kit Take that monkey shit off, you embarrassing us I got the wet promenthazine, thick orange and yellow tuss Hydroco-done, on the hands-free phone The '84 Brougham, on them blades, 20-inch chrome If you got 16, you can get a biz-zerd I'm choking on that doja sweet and sipping on that sizz-erp [DJ Paul] Niggas scared to flaunt it, some niggas they want it want it Some niggas they joan it joan it, but I be fucked up up on it We're with the Mafia 6, and we ain't bout that bullshit If we gon' get high we gon' get high, and we gon' house a bitch Two niggas all at the mouth, two niggas all at the ass And plus there's some type of nigga Dick hard all night and she cool with that She popped her a pill of X, and drank on some orange juice And just when you thought she was freakin' she done got super loose Niggas come in by threes and deuces all in circles like duck-duck-goose All that want it can bone it, she on that X and that tootie fruit 40 dollars for just one ounce ounce plus Tussionex is how it's pronounced Niggas sipping and dipping and tripping, man I'm bout all out  Sippin' on some siz-erp, sip, sippin' on some, sip (Repeat 4x) [Juicy J] People always asking me, "Me the Three 6 high on that" Rolling on them X pills, stuttering pup-pup powder packs Woah-wuh where the weed at, ain't like that we need that Nyquil will slow me down, something that keep me easy Nothing like that yella yella that will have you itching man Talking like you "What's up, fool?" Vocal chords sounding lame In my days all we did was chief out on a quarter pound Gone on coke, eyes are bucked, this here shit will knock you down Knock you out, make you fall asleep when you're on them wheels Ain't no doubt, hit me when I beep for this refill Once again, on my wicked high, gotta have that drank Heard my name, Gino, I feel like I'm gonna fucking faint [Bun B] Nigga tell me what you know bout Frank, Nito and Young Guido Paul and Vito, we play a tune it sweeter than Pedito With my Three 6 nigga pouring up in my southern creedo Quick fast, we'll put it on your ass like John Vito Cause you fronting rap sanger, be creamy like a Zanger You ain't from the manger boy, but you gets the middle finger Come bang her, rum dranker, occaisionally take Your bitch to the Telly and be a dick and cum slanger When Big Bun come danger, nigga ring your alarm Sexy thang on my arm, cup of drank in my palm And that crazy shit, I'm tripping on some skinny bitches Something that's wholesome, Florida to Folsom And for the most I'm steady sippin' on some sizzerp  Sippin' on some siz-erp, sip, sippin' on some, sip (Repeat til fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Bun B, Eightball & MJG Album: Trap Muzik Song: Bezzle Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com, MTT5989@aol.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch [T.I.] I came up bumping Eazy-E, Cube, and Dre (Scarface, OutKast what's happening niggaz) Eightball MJG UGK They raised me like santa raised cee I always made the money, money never made me Break me what this bitch you crazy You seen with the freaks don't think she never paid me Pimpin get a bitch, break a bitch, hit a bitch, shake a bitch Spit game till I make this shit turn these tricks and get me rich Lick his ass suck my dick bring me back my niggaz quick Who you think you fucking with I'm serious about this pimpin shit All the niggaz I kick it with looking for a richer bitch Get this bitch to take this trick for pounds of weed bricks and shit Broke bitch you get your shit Before I get another bitch who could fix your shit My pimp to strong I ain't with your shit You going to make me split your shit Two things I ain't seen is this you a fony bitch I can't get Eyes on the ride yeah right shut the fuck...... [Chorus] ad libs (T.I.) Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch Stop the drop top like the bezzles in my watch {*3X*} Like the bezzles in my watch like the bezzles in my watch [MJG] Whole mack load it up hard as fine blow it up M-J-G I know you hoes and been exposed enough I cross a tree over bag a bitch in a toaster oven Slam dunk in pimpin and her sister if she close enough [Eightball] Look over hear open up the door and let it cook in hear Grab the mic a watch these niggaz tuck there tail and look in fear As I bust around with no shells inside in myself Lyrics like a conseled weapon sending you bitches straight to hell [MJG] Burning up just like in waco texas Heating up your neckless Scorching up your afro the devil coming at your Ass any hard one for niggaz who really want it M-J- fucking G with pussy and titties on it [Eightball] Them bitches love when they see pimping come up in it 24 inches under somethin smoking tinted Hustle hard for keep it cause I love to spend it Pimping love is when your style is when you love to hit it [Chorus] ad libs (T.I.) [Bun B] I came a long way from a posta posta Till I kosta nostra kept the toaster closer than I'm supposed to well I poast ya procha Ride like a roller coaster Pistol whip you hold ya throat then choke you like a croacha croacha rocha pull out a light and smoke you(damn) Pull my coat off I blessed man just streesed man Just still elementary just a glance couldn't learn it is hurting my chances Pack pistols just to blast it(blast it) I put it to second guessers I blast it it just to prove it(prove it) Mother fuckers get a moving(moving) I born into hustling I grew up tustlin Gave my muscle in and got into meeting my frail but hell I put my trust in My left and right hand grinding threw the night And I keep my family right and see some paper like a white man Balling in the ninth(and) we holding in the light(and) sippin on worthless sprite and you can call it what you like I call what the fuck I feel play the courts that fucking peel But we ain't sleeping till they free and pimping here that's the fucking drill [Chorus] to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ U.G.K. Album: King Song: Front Back Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeated throughout [Mannie Fresh] Ladies and gentlemen.. Fre-fre-fre-fresh! [T.I. - talking] T.I.P., aye! I know a lot of y'all niggaz out there, man who ain't up on this down south shit Probably wonderin what the fuck you listenin to right now, ahah! King amongst kings! It's an absolute honor and a pleasure y'know I'm sayin' To bring you.. some gangsta shit of catastrophic proportions All the UGK alumni like myself know what this is man Hey Bun! Pimp C nigga! [T.I.] I gotta '66 Impala so fresh White top, burnt drop wit' the choppers on deck Fuel exhaust, and a motor out a ninety-four 'Vette Fish bowl, televisions pimpin I ain't done yet I got the checker red leather and I'm sittin on chrome On 26 inches just to get my roll on One of Jeezy's songs on, make them bitches get low I get that ass raised up, like Dr. Dre six four Hey, come up in my hood, bet them bitches know Tip If you tell 'em you wit' him, all them bitches gon strip If I show up in yo' hood, I bet you niggaz won't trip Once I empty out this clip, I bet you niggaz gon' dip Or get hit up in yo'... "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! [Bun B] It's the Gulf Way Boulevard gangsta Swangin on T.I., S's and Fo's (S's and Fo's)  Pirellis and Blades and 'em crews of hoes I'm a playa, you can tell by how I choose my pose When it gets to swangin on the curb, you might lose ya toes Dedicated to the slab (slab), the dunks (dunks), the drops (drops) The candy painted cars wit' the chopped off tops (off tops) Now put ya diamonds up against the wood wheel Lean back up on ya leather, chunk a deuce, and show your grill Keep it trill, this the south baby, Texas and GA T.I. reppin for Bankhead, I'm reppin for P.A. (for P.A.) Now pop ya trunk, get it crunk, it's time to ride Show them boys you got that front back and side to side baby "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! [Pimp C] I'm switchin lane to lane (uh), leanin on the switch (on the switch) Sippin on the barre, smokin green and hittin licks (licks) Bumpin Too $hort baby, in a candy red Biarritz (Biarritz) Drop the top and pimp the lot and watch the trunk do tricks (do tricks) Pimp C, I keep my money on my mind (mind) Keep a hooker on the track and keep a swisher full of pine (pine) If y'know like I know, you wouldn't try it (try it) Wanna jack me for my candy car, you must wanna die (wanna die) But I don't really wanna hit ya with this hot thang I just wanna get some brain in the turnin lane Comin down creepin slow, sippin on a Colt fo' Bangin on the Screw, and keep the pistol right here in the do' {*echoes*} "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X Never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X And we never let hoe ass niggaz ride!! "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ B.G., Pimp C, Young Jeezy Album: King Song: I'm Straight Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [T.I.] Yeah, yeah, uh, aye! What the fuck I gotta worry about now? Nigga you think after weatherin' the storm and comin' from the extremes I came from You think I'ma call all the way and get scared? Ahah! Nah nigga.. I'ma motherfuckin' win Nigga if all this shit go out the window right now man I'm all too familiar with this shit My nigga I'm straight ya dig? Please believe that shit man. Hey! {*echoes*} [Chorus I: T.I.] You can keep the car, the clothes, the money and the hoes Just gimme a couple of O's, drop me off at the sto' And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt Hey you can keep the dancers and the boppers, the plexers and the poppers Let me fill up my Impala, boy holla at my partners And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt [T.I.] I gotta couple of V's wit' the kits, MPV's on my wrist A lot of glamour and glit's, but shawty I don't need that My beginnin' was a humble one, a hustler I'ma son of one Taught me how to number run, I went from that to number one Had a hundred ones, I bought a slab flipped another one Sold my little three-eighty east, and said I need another gun The littlest in the trap, and got it poppin like some bubblegum Junkies hatin' on my stacks, sayin' I'm nuttin but a young Buck, niggaz say, "What?" Then he see me raise up Just wanna see the little boy wit' nuts change a old nigga whole face up 'Cause I spray the nigga's whole face up, wet the nigga from the waist up They'll try you once 'til you pull a .40, then tell 'em shawty don't play wit' us I'm fourteen in the dope game and don't care 'bout catchin' no case bruh Don't consider me, not statistically, another nigga it's too late for Hey wait bruh, bet any nigga came from that? Who lose it all the day, I bet he say he changed from that [Chorus II: T.I.] Hey you can keep the game and the fame, the haters and the lames Just gimme some cocaine and some wood I can slang And I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt Hey you can keep the clones and the clowns, the throne and the crown Well-known in the town that I'm holdin' it down So I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt... hey shawty I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt [B.G.] Okay now, now when I spit it, I spit it how I live it Every verse I ever gave ya, it was fact, nothin' fiction I'ma +Livin' Legend+.. no stuntin', no reppin' You can check my track record, I'm highly respected I'ma gangsta in the game, go ask Lil' Wayne Ask Judge Johnson, how many times he saw my face For, "pistol here, pistol there," "violation here, violation here" Betta ask Rank, I ran the jail when I was there I held it down, where-ever I go When I'm in the A wit' the +King+, or in Detroit in the snow I'ma pro, whether it's movin' snow or movin' 'dro That's between me and you, I can get it for the low But that's nuttin, everybody say they gotta story Mine on "Larry King," theirs is on "Maury" At the end of the day, it seems to won't go away I guarantee +The Heart of the Streetz+ is straight [Chorus I] [Young Jeezy] Snowman bitch (bitch), I ride two-seaters (vroom!!) It's a cold world, so I keep two heaters (geyeah!) I'm straaaiiiggghhhttt, you betta ask somebody (body) Matter fact nigga you can just ask me (me) A little over aggressive, yeah I just might be But half the niggaz in the hood just like me (damn!) You wonder why a nigga talk eight balls all day? You should try standin' around wit' eight balls all day (YEEEAAAHHH!!) Somebody pray for me, I don't know nothin' else (AYE!) Why should I help you, when you ain't tryin' to help yourself I came in this game, fresh out the streets (yeah) Who you kiddin' nigga, I put my life on these beats (YEAH!) Fuck bein' broke, this a reality check (check) While you mad at ya girl, ya betta check reality (AHAH!) Gotta crawl 'fore you walk, you gotta think before you talk Damn right they gon' hate (geyeah!) but shit niggaz I'm straight (AHAH!) [Chorus II] [Pimp C - talking after song ends] Say what it do? Young Pimp C know what I'm talkin 'bout? Yeah, nigga want me to speak on some "king" shit, know what I'm sayin'? On the cool y'know.. young nigga T.I. jumped out there said he was the king of the south He ruffled a whole lotta niggaz' feathers But niggaz didn't really understand what the nigga was talkin 'bout Y'know.. and uh.. so everybody had it twisted but.. me I understood from the get go That what the nigga was tryin' to put in these motherfuckin' stupid ass niggaz' faces!! Was the fact that it's a whole bunch of kings down here And as long as you takin' care of yo' business and doin' king shit you a king! What these niggaz shoulda been tryin' to do was tryin' to get close to the nigga And get some understandin' about the type of game He was tryin' to put in these motherfuckin' niggaz' ear holes! Understand what I'm sayin'? So I'm layin' back I'm watchin' the game from the sideline Know what I'm talkin 'bout? And I'm seein' all these ol' pussy ass niggaz out here Talkin 'bout they this and they that, but they really ain't doin' nothin! 'Cause they motherfuckin' paper ain't right When I see them in the street, they diamonds fake! Know what I'm talkin 'bout? They shit ain't cut right, ya shit ain't right! Shit cloudy and chipped up, know what I'm talkin 'bout? And them niggaz talkin 'bout they "trill niggaz" Don't even know what the motherfuckin' word mean! Know what I'm talkin 'bout? This comin' from the O.G. style trill Know what I'm talkin 'bout? Not these ol' fake ass niggaz Tryin' to come on the scene later on and tryin' to take glory for some shit Some other niggaz paid dues for, know what I'm talkin 'bout? So this is what is.. we bringin' Georgia and Texas together All you ol' BITCH ASS NIGGAS that ain't down wit' the play Move on to the side, all you old school rappers like 'Pac say You niggaz flabby, lookin' like Larry Holmes BACK YO' BITCH ASS UP!! And, and, and, and move around for the South 'Cause it's our time to shine, know what I'm talkin 'bout? Now let's do this shit! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Jazze Pha, Bun B Album: Blow the Whistle Song: 16 Hoes Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com 16 Hoes (Tasha, Tameka) 16 Hoes (Karoline and Kisha) 16 Hoes (LaShonda, Shaquita) 16 Hoes (Jane and Jelesa) 16 Hoes (Mandy and Mindy) 16 Hoes (Amy and Cindy) 16 Hoes (Selena, Martina) 16 Hoes (Rosa, Christina) [Too $hort] I got (16 Hoes), time is up If they choosin', line 'em up I'll sign 'em up, I'll sign 'em up I got a lot of hoes and can't find enough I got (16 Hoes), can I get some more? I get a lot of love when I hit the door If I was 20 years old or 64 I'm like James Bond, I always get the hoe I got (16 Hoes), fuck this trick If he paid that hoe, to suck his dick That's his business, you know what's up with this I ain't never paid a dime to fuck a bitch I got (16 Hoes), 16 flows, spit 16 bars, do 16 shows I got 16 bitches - you can count 'em In the last 20 years I made 16 albums 16 Hoes (Tasha, Tameka) 16 Hoes (Karoline and Kisha) 16 Hoes (LaShonda, Shaquita) 16 Hoes (Jane and Jelesa) 16 Hoes (Mandy and Mindy) 16 Hoes (Amy and Cindy) 16 Hoes (Selena, Martina) 16 Hoes (Rosa, Christina) 16 Hoes [Jazze Pha] Who got freaks like me? You keep one in a bitch ass with feet like me Not even Miami got Heat like me Only rich motherfuckers doin' beats like me (16 Hoes) And they all obey Bitch talked back to me, got dumped in the face I flunked recess (bitch I don't play) Do you really understand? (alright, okay) (16 Hoes) Break brenzell with Phenzell (Catch that trick) then *chirp* me on my Nextel Bitch I could care less (if you meant well) Get ya ass back on the track (and slang that tail) (16 Hoes) And we a cute little family My hoes love me (and they can't stand me) Chubby wads of cash (my hoes hand me) 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 plus 8 is 16 Hoes (Tasha, Tameka) 16 Hoes (Karoline and Kisha) 16 Hoes (LaShonda, Shaquita) 16 Hoes (Jane and Jelesa) 16 Hoes (Mandy and Mindy) 16 Hoes (Amy and Cindy) 16 Hoes (Selena, Martina) 16 Hoes (Rosa, Christina) [Bun B] I take 7 dumb bitches and I put 'em in line Add 7 more hoes that jock niggaz that rhyme Give me 7 more broads that got doe on they mind And that's 21 hoes broke at the same time That ain't (16 Hoes), you need to add about 5 more And don't bring her here is she ain't a real live hoe Old school pimpin', don't call this a throwback And fuck a couple hoes, I need a fo'-five (?) (16 Hoes) Now that's a number that fit me If they bout they business, sheezy you know where to hit me Jazze, tell 'em to keep it treal and don't bullshit me They finna free Pimp C and he comin' with me We need - 16 Hoes (Tasha, Tameka) 16 Hoes (Karoline and Kisha) 16 Hoes (LaShonda, Shaquita) 16 Hoes (Jane and Jelesa) 16 Hoes (Mandy and Mindy) 16 Hoes (Amy and Cindy) 16 Hoes (Selena, Martina) 16 Hoes (Rosa, Christina) 16 Hoes [Too $hort] When I was 16 used to fuck hoodrats, it's not a big thing A few years later did some major upgrading See a top-notch, I say "Hey, what's up baby" (16 Hoes) Can't find your lost whore? She's probably with $hort, playin' at the golf course Another ego, a hole-in-one The game ain't boring, my hoes are fun I got (16 Hoes) all nicknamed Bitch Make Daddy happy, y'all get that dick Since they're everywhere, you figure I'll stop Couldn't be a better player than me Nigga, I got (16 Hoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ 50 Cent, U.G.K. Album: Pimpin' Incorporated Song: I'm a Pimp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [50 Cent] Nigga I need money to maintain, hustlin ain't a game Nigga that go 'gainst the grain, gon' get to' out the frame TV's in the Range, I'm into nice thangs I slang weed, cocaine and hero-ayn 50 Cent that's my name, nigga I bring the pain You thought, shit stay the same nigga shit gon' change Put a bullet in your brain, nigga at close range Run up with your Roley your rings and your motherfuckin chain Haters, you funny mayne, I'm 'bout my money mayne Bitch get down on that track and get my money I ain't playin Better understand what I'm sayin when I'm sayin I ain't playin I'll be in front of yo' crib layin with the mac to start sprayin Any nigga that's in the game for the fame gotta be a lame Crackers'll put you in chains, boxes to drive you insane Sun cain't shine all the time man it's gotta rain Now hoe go sell, you better crack the whip mayne [Bun B] Well a pimp is a pimp and Bun is comin to get'cha And if 6 is 9 then I'm 30 thousand dollars richer Hit your bitch when she ain't wit'cha, Pryor pussy like Richard Wide open make her forget ya then nut on your picture Lit your world up like the 4th of July, nobody knew why Not too fly maybe fo' fly, servin dick to make your hoe cry My nigga you know I chew ya like a barracuda Who and what you thought you could do to non-hesitatin game shooters Blew your spot up, when I left nobody got up If they did they got shot up left for dead in the parking lot, what? Nigga you got nuts, put your money where yo' mouth is I doubt this motherfucker even know what the South is All about, startin the clock, ring the bell or somethin Cause they stuntin, steady frontin, not cuttin, talkin 'bout nuttin Now what in the fuck, made them push the button of a mack Now I'm set to attack, crackin yo' back, just call me Jack cause I'ma rip When money is no object ("I'm a pimp") When money is no object ("I'm a pimp") When money .. when money When money is no object what you thank, it's a game? Bitch you will discover ("I'm a pimp") Bitch you will discover ("I'm a pimp") Bitch you will dis.. pimpin, bitch you will dis.. pimpin Bitch you will discover I'm a pimp and not a lover [50 Cent] Aiyyo the bitch used to bring me dough, used to be yo' bottom hoe Now yo' paper comin slow, she feel like she had to go Roll with them rich niggaz and ball with them ballers Politic with them Willies, the real shot callers [Too $hort] Yeah 50, yeah I took his hoe Now he comin 'round here, what he lookin fo'? He'll never get her back, she chose another mack His other hoes are whack and that's nothin but a fact I'm a pimp, I don't love 'em like that If I ever lose a hoe I get another right back I'm Too $hort, a real player and a pimp I ain't seen you in a while, Pimp C tell 'em where you been [Pimp C] Been around the world, y'all niggaz ain't seen all the shit I seen Yeah I'm good, sittin in the S covered 16 I'm comin through a couple bars {?} lean 600 Benz S Class, know what the fuck I mean? A pimper, I stay in shrimp-ah, like Jack Tripper A candy sweet dipper, playin with cock and suckin on nipples Every day my game get thicker, gettin good head from champagne sippers Rapper to bird flipper, man a motherfuckin ripper [Too $hort] It's called gangsters to strippers Murder Mob and the Pack bumpin loud on the speakers From the A to the Bay, Newport to new graves I'm breakin these hoes on Too $hort's mixtape And this ain't even the album It's just a mixtape, it ain't even out yet So close your mouth bitch, turn it up loud it hits Jazze Pha and Lil Jon I told you all about the shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Rick Ross Album: Blow the Whistle Song: Money Maker Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Oh! {*3X*} Oh! {*2X*} [Too $hort] I love to see you dance, do it your way Shake that ass, you know it's okay I just wanna know, if you'll strip Make a real player wanna give you a tip You move so sexy, I love the way you wiggle Your titties bounce around and your big booty jiggles Make the video, it's official Throw the stiff hoes out the game, blow the whistle I only fuck with money makers, the hustlers Bitches who know how to get motherfuckers You tryin hard, you put everything into it Cain't understand how these other hoes do it You ain't got no name brand shit Tryin to be fly but you ain't that bitch You've gotta want it to get it Give a trick some pussy tell him put somethin wit it Get down on it good if you a shaker I see you got him where you want him, get your cake up Drop it down to the flo' and get your paper Cause you a thoroughbred, youse a money maker Now let me see you pop that pussy, girl shake that ass Do a nasty dance, girl make that cash Bend that ass ovah, and touch the flo' He gotta tip if he want some mo' - tip that pussy! Shake that ass girl [Verse 2] Eyes get pussy hoe, shake that ass You're like the 84 but rich, cause it's sittin on glass Ain't nothin happenin but tricks gettin broke Fucked a lot of politicians but she never go vote The bitch got a lot of contacts Every nigga that she fuck got some kind of contract R&B singers, ballplayers and rappers Niggaz call back cause the bitch got a snapper I'm tryin to get the bitch to chew It's payday bitch, you done paid your dues You're scrapin up your knees, climbin up the pole Yeah you a hoe but you just ain't out on the stroll [Rick Ross] I'm checkin these hoes, like checkin accounts I'm checkin for checks, get checks and I bounce I fuck with the vets, lot of money to count My hoes be stressed, put a gun in her mouth Bitch bring it to me, see I need it all I need another Benz, hoe fuck 'em all I fucks with Chad, I fucks with Todd Bein trill niggaz baby this our fuckin job I can meet her today, be in love by tonight You can bet by tomorrow, she'll be traffickin white She wanna fuck with me (Ross) for the rest of her life (Ross) Cause when I fuck her she tell me it's the best in her life It's Ricky Ross (Ross) you know my steez (steez) Still holdin ki's like your bitch holdin these (these) I'm a Dade County Chevy rider But I gotta Benz that's fuckin up everybody Shake that ass girl! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Big Gipp, Bun B, Devin the Dude Album: What's My Favorite Word? Song: Pimp Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Too $hort] I chose to live this life [Devin the Dude - singing] I be stickin this dick up in these hoes hoes 'til a couple of bitches bitches get caught by they niggaz [Devin the Dude] Niggaz trippin - and for what? Why must he think he 'posed to change her When she'll give the pussy up even to a, total stranger And, I'm just one of 'em, you can't trust none of them They'll say they love you while they wipin your cum on them Then they'll run and tell her friends how she found another sucker to pay a fee for pus-sy but not - me, motherfuckahHHH I move quick with my pool stick, Slicker than Willie Slicker than Kelly, slicker than KY Jelly But really this dick has got me in a lot of trouble recently I bend 'em and go in 'em and don't even have the decency to call her, my balls have been leaked of most of their fluids I used to put the rubber on and skeet straight through it And it seems, that I always keep my pipe in these hoes Keep my mic at these shows, cause that's the life that I chose [Devin the Dude - singing] Pimp life! I chose to live the - pimp life! [Bun B of U.G.K.] Come talk a walk up in my shoes, pay a couple of my dues Roll my boulevard on trues, while your lady sings the blues Got everythang to lose, not a damn thang to gain I be tryin to cross the line, but with that I gotta bring the pain Now I tried to compromise, see the other side of the story But that's easier said that done, when it comes to your pride & your glory I'm a pimp with a glide in my worries, limp pimp I'ma step when I wreck But my armor's on at all times, cause I gots me a rep to protect Now I mights be known for this, and maybe recognized for that But they be high-beamin me; and I be like where my visors at? Nowadays I'm a wiser cat, after what I been through I better be Back then I woulda broke ya broad, nowadays I just let her be Cause through seconds minutes hours days weeks months and years Man I reckon that it's power fuckin freaks blunts and beers That ain't what I'm supposed to be [Devin] Pimp life! [Bun B] That's the life I chose for me [Devin the Dude - singing] I be stickin this dick up in these hoes hoes 'til a couple of bitches bitches get caught by they niggaz Niggaz trippin [$hort] I chose to live the [Devin] Pimp life! [Too $hort] Yeah I have menage-a-trois with superstars, one night stands, quickies Booty calls, it ain't nuttin for her to just stick around here and lick me Cause I run through broads and never get enough, maybe I'm too selfish But I cain't help it.. can't stay witchu girl cause I can't tell if it's official, or just another ritual It's hard for me to find a wife, it's nothin for me to, get a hoe I know it sounds, pitiful, sometimes I'm blessed, sometimes I'm cursed If it's supposed to be the best then tell me, what's the worst? I'll be a P-F-L, 'til I'm a old nigga Cause I never spend my life with groupies, or golddiggers I see these bitches now, shake it naked tryin to make it If you spendin all his money take it bitch you can't fake it When it's real, I'm cappin like the snub-nosed, they pay me I love hoes, never go home when the club close I do shows, ride new vogues and keep two hoes I'm all about this money girl, that's why I chose to live the pimp life [Devin] Pimp life! [$hort] I chose to live this life [Devin] Pimp life.. pimp life! [Devin] I chose to live the, pimp life [Big Gipp] People ask me question bout this, people ask me question bout that Say what? I'm a handsome John motherfucker independent of the nasty-ass cuts Young, Gipp, still around the corner in the hood Gipp, still runnin down in the wood Gipp, still ridin out like vogues Gipp, still cruise hundred spokes Straight from the 80's ladies Grew up in nuttin but dem Grady babies Pimpin the game since ninety-six Can't sell a big ol' pimp no box of bricks Gipp put it down for the A-Town to the Bay to the Oakland foothill strip Too $hort, Bun B, Devin and Big Gipp yo we all some pimps Gettin money out the sexual industries At the same, tryin to get our slice Never lookin back twice - livin in the pimp life [Devin] Pimp life! [Devin the Dude - singing] I be stickin this dick up in these hoes hoes 'til a couple of bitches bitches get caught by they niggaz [$hort] I chose to live the [Devin] Pimp life! Pimp life.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ Lil' Jon, Lyfe, Pimp C Album: What's My Favorite Word? Song: Quit Hatin' Pt. 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Lil' Jon - repeat 2X] Quit hatin motherfucker, quit hatin! Quit hatin pussy nigga, quit hatin! God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH God damnit MOTHERFUCKAHHH [Lyfe] I got the call, stuck at the crib, hoe I'm ready for war Call your boy I got the deals and I'm hittin the do' I got some niggaz with them figures waitin at the club Gettin jigga with a swigga while I'm sittin on dubs Lookin fake as hell, I keep my nails ready to fight Club closed, powdered nose, I'm on one tonight I keep them hatin bitches up so they can mimic the game Watch yo' back cause if he gangsta then I'm takin yo' mayne Haha, y'all bitches ain't keep shit real Y'all bitches ain't got the wheel Y'all bitches done clappin ya traps and don't even know the fuckin deal Y'all just some hatin ass hoes, mad cause these real niggaz chose Y'all bitches be poppin that shit gon' get popped in ya fuckin nose Cause this shit big shit bitch, I'm down with that player shit Y'all over there talkin now but you really just wanna suck his dick Y'all bitches is scared and y'all been dared to make a move hoe It's Joan of Arc, pullin guns on y'all hatin hoes [Pimp C] My baby momma butler hooked me with thirty-six So many games cookin whippin down 55 in this bitch Niggaz thought that I was slumpin I was steadily pumpin Niggaz talkin bout a drop but man I ain't dealin nothin I'm a self made nigga on the grind in the skreets I ain't really wanna do it but my baby had to eat From sales to hotels and dough from pote(?)nail Pay everybody bail, ain't no spendin time in jail Been around the world, y'all niggaz ain't seen all the shit I seen Them girls, send them to Essence cause they sixteen I'm comin through a couple bars to pimp them nipplezeens in Southern Benz, S-Class, know what the fuck I mean? A pimper, a stankin shriver(?) a Jack Tripper A candy sweet dipper playin with cock and suckin on nipples Every day my game get thicker, gettin good head from champagne sippers Rapper the bird flipper, man, a motherfuckin nigga [Verse Three] Haters can't get it cause I ride with thugs, killers Can only date the millionaires and drug dealers Takin notes from Scarface and Goodfellas Straight gangsters or them motherfuckein hoodfellas Pretty and still gritty, like Frank Nitti And I, flaunt my titties like I'm on "Sex and the City" So here we go again, daddy short, why they hatin? Cause ain't none bitch this rich and hit makin [Too $hort having convo that starts over Chorus]  What's up Todd? What's up with you girl, what's goin on?  Ahh shit, the usual, fly from here to there  Doin a little bit of change, legal money - ha ha ha Like that? Guess what, you know you on my album right?  What? So what are you saying Todd? He he he, I'm sayin that, it's goin down right now baby The song is called "Quit Hatin'," and I just wanna know What would you say to the haters in yo' life? Niggaz hatin.. bitches hatin.. fuck 'em! [singer - repeat to fade] You ain't gotta hate me so much Just show me some love, when I pull up on dubs And you ain't gotta pay me to fuck Just show me some love, when you see me at the club Artist: T-Pain f/ MJG, Paul Wall, Pimp C, Too $hort, Twista Album: I'm N Luv (Wit a Stripper) 12" Song: I'm N Luv Wit a Stripper (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [T-Pain talking] God damn lil' mama, you ain't heard the remix yet Twista, Paul Wall, Pimp C, MJG, Too $hort, come on baby [T-Pain] She got the body of a goddess, everybody know that Super-cute face and the booty so fat I'm in the club dropping twenty-four stacks Cuz I'm in love and that's a well known fact Like, yeah she know what she doing If a nigga chillin' with a stripper then he never go back home She got eyes butter pecan brown can't leave it alone Liking the way she break it down to the flo' Need to get her over here show her where It's about to go down right now I'm in love with a stripper [Twista] You wanna know where Twista be on fifty T-Pain invited me to Magic City I'm about to have some fun 2001, in these pocket all my e-fizzles with me I like the way mama get up on the table I like the way she pour the honey in her naval I like it when she smack her fatty and open it up in front of me I wanna touch it but I ain't able The one leg she can shake at the top of the pole Look at the laffy taffy when she pop, she roll I wanna get her in the bed right after they close When I do a video you get the popular role In the V.I.P. they get a lil' lap dance Come and grind on the willy of a black man In my ear tellin' me the shit a nigga like to hear While I nibble on ya nipple like Pac-Man She freakin' she lickin' she rubbin' Then she pulled my dick out and start suckin' All because I be the Twista Even though T-Pain told me shorty was a freak I asked her can I take her home (Down right now) [Chorus 2X - T-Pain] I'm in love with a stripper She really think I'm playing, I'm playing She take me for a joke when I say it I'm in love with a stripper Got it real hot, gotta get with her I can't stay out this club [Pimp C] Uh, young Pimp C I'm a P-I-M-P, trickin' ain't in my pedigree It really ain't bout no square love it's strictly cause she payin' me She be wantin' lay me but I can't do too much of that Cuz even though yo ass fat, freakin' off ain't where it's at But I can show you how to get out there and get it You love yo daddy I know ya with it That's why I got love for you Cuz you get out there and do what it do Workin' my piece and work the pole Break the trick you gotta pay to roll Get the money break 'em off And we in the Benz and we scratchin' off [Paul Wall] It was love at first sight when I seen that ass shakin' And bout fifty dollars later it was love in our makin' Ya simply won my heart when I saw the way ya work that pole And when you bent over ya had my wallet in a choke hold I saw you in your birthday suit and and baby it was fate When you give me a lap dance its like we gone on a date But I feel like ya cheatin' on me when I see ya dancin' with other guys I'm runnin' low on ones, I cant lie I'm in love baby [Chorus 2X - T-Pain] [MJG] I'm in love with a stripper, I need to get some stripper counselin' Cuz I'm the first one in the front row when they make a stripper announcement I think I'm fallin' in love with the one with the most ass Thin, lil' bitty waist, I'ma go and buy that bitch a Volkswagen MJG, pimp tight, no mo' tippin' stop the bill If I come in here one mo' night I'm gon' need Dr. Phil But I'm a G, I'll step back and tell them bitches outright Ain't no way I can turn a stripper into a housewife [Too $hort] The last girl was pretty but she wasn't fine as you She sexy but she couldn't do the thangs you do She could dance but nothin' like the way you move I used to want her until the day I saw you I'm a grown ass man I thought I seen it all Doin' all that on the pole and didn't even fall And right then I knew exactly what it was (What's that) I wanna fuck the baddest bitch in the club [Chorus 4X - T-Pain] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Z-Ro, Bun B Album: Losing Composure Song: Beware Typed by: Lil Hustle [Trae] I know you haters better run, I'm coming for you And everyday a nigga repping, and riding for Screw I was keeping it in my chest, now I'm getting it out I know you spectators in the game, better close your mouth I got a lot of my time invested, up in this game It's S.U.C. till I'm dead, ain't no need to explain I'm in the Maab with guerillas, and we coming in packs The only friends we got deep, and coming with black gats So niggaz'd back back, I'm a man dude with a attitude And I'm too quick to click, Lil' Trae is a damn fool In my zone leave me alone, I ain't trying to be fucked with Everything that I got, is everything that I wanna roll with Me and me and myself, you niggaz bad for my health Now I'm pumped up like Superman, with a uppercut to be felt I ain't playing with what I'm saying, you cats better start praying For Deebo commits to spraying, and everybody be staying [Hook] Why, these fellas talking down Don't they know, why we'll ride And make somebody slide, beware Why, these fellas talking down Don't they know, why we'll ride And make these bustsas hot, beware [Bun B] I'm chilling in my 1's, chopping game on my celly My iced out cross, hanging down to my belly Got your lil mama, butt naked shake her jelly I'ma put her on a tape, and play it back on the telly Boys hate to love the street show, when we showing up I give me back the same middle finger, they be throwing up They can't afford the pints, by the case that we po'ing up Young in the game, it's time to start growing up Get you some hustle, get you some grind Show me some muscle, show me some shine Fuck trying to crime, off another nigga name It's just a matter of time, 'fore I run you out the game Because I can't believe the nerve, of these hoes Trying to use my nigga Pimp name, for benefit shows Fin to start kicking in do's, with the macks Trying to let that shit pass, now I'm coming for your ass fool [Hook] [Trae] It's the return of the mad rapper, industry nigga subtracter That be greed up in the fists, that be clinched like a black panther I'm sick and tired of you fakers, that try to twist up the game So now you gotta see me, like the 84's that I swang My glock I cock and I aim, my name you fin to respect it You let me off in your world, then I swear to God I'ma wreck it You must of thought I forgot about you, acting sue a crowd'll watch you I gotta get that up out you, your people gon be without you On top of that, niggaz be using my homie name Saying the Screwed Up Click, so they can get them a little change Hopping from dick to dick, and I ain't even gon say no name I feel like I wanna click, so now you gon feel my pain I'm Trae, and I ain't bar nan nigga in this drama Or mama, I weave and I swang sending em through a trauma They tell me to let em make it, but really I ain't the one Them bitches did it, so now they gotta see me when I come [Z-Ro] Where the real niggaz at, cause I can't find none Everybody be talking shit, when they be packing they guns Quick to shoot a motherfucker, to keep they face from sweating But when the laws come to bang one, snitching and telling Be these ol' buster ass niggaz, killing all in they music Showing a four pound around town, but never gon use it I'm registered by my gangsta, you barely touching me G Now feel you got the edasity, to come and see me Fuck it whoever wanna get some, can come and get dropped I'm a grown man I don't get people sued, I get people shot If you ain't shot, I wonder who gon be standing behind the trigga Z-Ro the Crooked, cause ain't no love for none of these niggaz Straight Profit to Presidential, trying to scandalize my name They can't sell records without me, that's a god damn shame I ain't to blame, why these niggaz ain't selling and losing weight But I'm to blame, when I go off and get the bruising they face [Hook] (Z-Ro) Make a nigga hot, yeeeah Why you wanna hate me, S.U.C. You niggaz can't be meeee My nigga T-R-A-E And that's the way it's gonna be Until a motherfucker take me Me, and the M double A-B We gon be thugging Until we see you niggaz to see (*talking*) Straight up, it's my cousin Trae nigga These bitch ass niggaz can't fuck with you [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Bun B, Devin the Dude Album: Same Thing Different Day Song: Don't Fake Typed by: Lil Hustle Yeah... [Bun B] Now I could talk about, a car or some paint Maybe jewelry that I bought, that you probably can't The broads that I fuck, the people that I meet But that shit won't help a young nigga, survive on the street I can tell you bout how many, blocks I bled with the crack  Stood outside every night, trying to get myself a stack But when niggas run up on you, with that thang to your back Is your motherfucking ass, fin to know how to react See hustling is some shit, that a nigga is born with Not some game from a song, you can try to get on with Now you can buy every song, bout crack ever made But if it ain't in your heart, you ain't fins to get paid Now read some Iceberg Slim, it might get you a bitch But you'll never have a stable, you'll never be rich Memorize all your Screw tapes, it won't make you a G Cause niggas dying out here, trying to be they favorite MC [Hook: Devin the Dude - 2x] Do whatever you please, say whatever you want But don't fake, don't front naw Cause it ain't hard to get touched, to get roughed up To get fucked up, y'all [Trae] Lately I've been zoning, trying to get away from all of the pressure These wanna-be G's that wanna-be MC's, need to get they shit together It's whatever, niggas thinking they thugging cause they crunk off Pac And everytime they step out on the block, they be the first to get shot I don't know what you thinking, but dog we keep it gangsta for real We took everything that we lived, and then supplied it with skills I don't need no handout, cause I grind and I can shine on my own Everything I talked about the memory, I ain't just make up no song Better check my bloodline, everything I represent might get you shut down Been in the midst of guerillas, respected I never backed down I'm faithfully mobbing, while y'all be faithfully faking Perpetrating trying to play that roll, will get your life faithfully taken And dismissed bitch, you don't wanna get caught up in that street hype If you ain't been in these streets, then you won't make it in that street life I'm telling you mayn, better leave that dick-riding alone And go on and do what you do, and take your fraud ass back home [Hook - 2x] [Trae] A lot of thangs be on my mind, all the time Move around, a lot of niggas be out here lying All the time, so they can shine But as long, as they don't cross that line Anytime, I don't pay you no mind I just gotta be me, niggas you need to be you What you lying fo' [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae Tha Truth f/ Big K.R.I.T., B.o.B, Bun B, Gudda Gudda,    Jadakiss, J. Cole, Kendrick Lamar, Mark Morrison, Tyga  Album: I'm On 2.0 single Song: I'm On 2.0 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Mark Morrison] Return of the Mack  Return of the Mack Return of the Mack  You know that I'll be back (oww!) Return of the Mack (once again)  Return of the Mack (Pump up the world) Return of the Mack (Watch - my - flow)  You know that I'll be back  [Big K.R.I.T.] Today is the day, I get out on my feet Remove them chains, that's shackled on me Press my luck, stop fuckin with them hoes that cluck Cause the same motherfuckers the one that got me stuck Tryna use me up, 'til my tank on E Then leave me stranded, scramblin in these streets For a dollar a day, until my pockets is straight Soon as you move out the hood them niggaz holla ya fake Make 'em swallow the bass, from the kicker I'd rather be a dead man than a +N.I.G.G.E.R.+ I'd rather roll chrome rims than a swisha I gotta make moves, I cain't hang witcha They used to be the fly shit back in '95 But now I want a crib and a car I can drive And ain't nobody out there help me cause I'm grown Gotta leave them childish games alone Nigga I'm on [Trae Tha Truth] Chea! I'm in the hood, still prayin for a piece of plate I know he on his way, I'm hopin he don't make it late I'm up the bat, I just hope I make it to the plate I'm Babe Truth, you can tell 'em I'm one of the greats Used to shoot for the stars now my aim locked I'm Tha Truth nigga something that your name not A thousand watts ain't a thing that I cain't shock And ain't a wrist or a chain that I cain't rock Tell 'em I'm on, somethin like city lights I used to be out they sights, tinted like city nights Now a nigga be city to city on plenty flights You can tell 'em I put on for my city in plenty fights Tell 'em I ain't gon' lose, they heated like I'm a tan man 'Bout to throw ‘em in this drop with no ceilings so I can fan 'em Pull up on the mic (ah-HAAAAAH!), same color as the Phantom  And jump out on haters just to tell 'em I couldn't stand 'em [Jadakiss] Yeah, yeah I'm on top of my game yo  The OG Grand Daddy Kush, cocaine flow I'm about that +Cash+, not that +Tango+ Head shots, dump a whole clip in ya Kangol (yep) Claim to be a real nigga, we know you ain't though (naw) I be in the hood, all the places you cain't go (haha) Visuals, you can see the pictures I paint yo Residuals, I just put it all in the bank yo, it's pitiful Hoes only after your bankroll Stay off the phone, watch out for the plain clothes (Narcs') Yeah I rep my set, I ain't in the gang though (D-Block) And I protect my neck, I carry the thing yo (yep) I'm on the same shit that the boss is on Do it for those in the feds, up north or gone (Wood) I'm on a winning streak, I done got my losses on It's ironic cause even when I'm off I'm on Yeah, I'm on, uh, what! [Chorus: Mark Morrison] I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, I'm on (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on, ooh yeah-hey-ee (WHOOOOOOOOOOOA-OOO-OO-Oo-ohh) I'm on [J. Cole] I'm 'bout to cop the Porsche Eternally grateful for the support, made the cover of The Source Flashback to the Ports, the city of no remorse Where they shootin back and forth like they playin H.O.R.S.E. May the force, be with you, bullet hit you You bleed then I bleed with you Mama please when you grieve damn I grieve with you This a preview I see you in the summer My new shit dumber, I'm on [Kendrick Lamar] Life at the bottom is devastating You're hardly ever debated, the party is obligated by suckers that wanna be you and never live in the matrix And never ever related to struggle and dedication Your hustle is nominated, anonymous then you faded The promises that a victory lap is surely awaited They vomited everytime that a rapper's annihilated Just wish them happy belated - Fuck you~! I made it, I'm on [B.o.B] Tokyo to Amsterdam, Denver to LA (yea) Minutes turn to hours and hours to pay (yea) The days turn to nights but the nights never change It's funny how "time is money" used to be a turn of phrase But now it's company policy, I'm no spokesperson (No doe) No tricks, no gimmicks, no coercion (Hol' up) And they say, "Bob, man it's good to have you back" (what?!) But I say, "I have been here, where the fuck have y'all been at?" [Tyga] HAH! Thinkin how Pac lived at 22 that's '93 I was four, now I'm 22 on tour One-two shots of my life, barely hold on But I'm drawn to this feeling of adrenaline When mic's on, lights on, and they gon' applaud Young nigga, Versace they never seen before And they gon' watch me, wanna copy shit I got on I'm too fly, I ain't got a flaw Tell the law we above the law God bless, amen, every lost soul  and the group so good went solo Globetrottin, now I'm blowin up like an afro Nigga thought you knew what I do Rollin through ya area, Double R coupe Penthouse level, now we only party on the roof Bitch I'm a rebel so I move how I wanna move Last King, YMCMB {*BOOM!*} [Gudda Gudda] Used to run around the hood pickin honeys up Now I'm doin shows 'round the world pickin money up Used to be slept-on like a pillow Went from trappin in a rental to rappin on instrumentals Now it's money on my mental and women get sentimental, huh It's cause the flow is sweet as a pack of Skittles, nah? Yellow, gold, yellow diamonds in the middle now Stand up nigga, I was never known to settle down [Bun B] Well as the world spins around and around on its axis Boys flip from town to town with the package Stuffin bills and pounds of browns in a mattress Sendin clowns underground for practice The fact is everybody wanna be the king with the crown (crown) But never in the battle when the drama goes down (down) Easy to be the boss from behind the wall But we gon' see who really down when it's time to brawl (c'mon) Cause you gotta be careful about the image you portraying (huh) You gotta show love to where you from all day And when the goin gets rough, don't get to goin, get to stayin Put it down for yo' people with no delayin, know I'm sayin? [Outro: Mark Morrison] I'm on... I'm on... ooh yeah-hey-ee I'm on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Bun B Album: Restless Song: So Gangsta Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) (I'm so gangsta), it's time to put your ass In a real nigga zone for a second, (I'm so gangsta) Asshole by Nature, repping it for these motherfucking streets (I'm so gangsta), from the South around this bitch All pretty niggaz, get the fuck out of dodge (say homie I'm so gangsta) Know I'm saying, G gon keep it G and the rest gon fade the fuck away [Bun B] I got my pistol on my side, and you know it's on cock That's an automatic, everytime I step out on the block If a nigga didn't know, it's time to send him to class So give him a front seat, to get a bullet in his ass I'm a G, but I guess you probably already heard I can get your ass whooped, or I can get you a bird I can get your ass shot, without even having met ya So if you wanna know if I'm a gangsta, you bet ya I earn stripes and scars, in street fights and wars Put holes in niggaz cars, with no types of pause So don't test my gangsta, I don't play them games I'ma pass you with flying colors, and drop your lane Ask around in the hood, who run it Bet a motherfucker tell you, Big Bun It ain't nothing, that a trill ass nigga can't do And that include a bitch nigga like you, it's true [Hook] (I'm so gangsta), they don't wanna see me in the club When I mob through that bitch, with the Crips and the Bloods (I'm so gangsta), haters better sit they ass back Cause the hood in this bitch, and we'll stomp they ass flat (I'm so gangsta), same niggaz posted on the block In a drop, with a bitch and a glock (say homie I'm so gangsta), ice worth about ten grand Middle finger in the air, with my nuts in my hand [Trae] These niggaz got it twisted, but now I'm gon set it straight A.B.N. up in the building, and holding it for the state Who they said gon get the throne, tell that nigga he gotta wait If he want it then he can get it, I don't tolerate the hate I bet they thought that it was safe, but now they know guerillas coming Mobbing up like we the mafia, fighting and even gunning First nigga out of line, be the first to be getting some'ing I'ma take it out his mouth, and then slide him up under some'ing See I play it how it go, don't give a fuck about the fame I been gutter since the birth, bitch I'm the leader of the gang So know that if I click, then my set gon get off the chain And put they ass inside the clutch, and start shooting like Danny Ainge With they flags to the left, flags to the right Lacing up they kicks, then that's your ass all through the night We can get it on motherfucker, like a title fight Violate the code, and watch this nigga get up in your life [Hook] [Trae] I'm here for the drama, and it ain't no other way that I'ma live it A.B.N. until the death, so niggaz know how I'ma give it Still I come around the corner, illegal in something tinted Packing something, that's the price of that house that your mama rented I'm a sick dude, homie you don't wanna fuck around Cause I run with niggaz, who fuck up everytime they touch the ground And that beefing I don't think you want it, your teeth'll never get found You don't like the way we kick it, bicth nigga so move around You don't wanna get me started, my attitude something fucked off When I get inside the club, these pussy niggaz need to duck off Cause I could make em swell up, with something they ain't gon dust off Have em sitting in they zone, but they sleep cause they lights done cut off And this is for my gangstas, and my niggaz getting cash flow Hit the block in a drop, with a bitch to let that ass show If you ain't feeling me nigga, fuck you and your ass Punk bitch, I'm a motherfucking Asshole [Hook] I'm so gangsta, I'm so gangsta I'm so gangsta, say homie I'm so gangsta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ H.A.W.K., Pimp C Album: Swang (Remix) 12" Song: Swang (Remix) Typed by: southsidebaulla@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Fat Pat] niggaz better see a nigga roll starched down and I'm rollin on 8-4's {Pimp C talks over Chorus} [Chorus-Fat Pat Repeat 4X] swang, and swang, and swang to the left pop, pop my trunk down M-L-K [Verse 1-Pimp C] I'm a Screwed Up affilated strictly rollin red everytime we hit the parking lot we turn heads I've been watched my parole-task forcin by the feds cause they know I got 'em for ten and they know the game ain't dead It's too late I'm deep up in it ain't nothin about me scary chiefin in the club tryna find me somethin hairy pimpin at the bar smokin on a stoggy since I came home from the pen seems like everybody know me[uhh] you got lots of friends when you up and when you ballin just like pookie all the haters started callin they see the diamonds and the Bentley, and the candy thing they know I'm mob style protected they know I'm rollin with James they know it's UGK for life and that I'm down with Bun they know we grindin finna hit 'em with another one It's UGK Records right now we need distribution since Laura Redmond freed the Pimp it's goin down in Houston [Chorus-Fat Pat] swang, and swang, and swang to the left pop, pop my trunk down M-L-K [Verse 2-Trae] Make way for Houston, Texas and they know the truth gon'be displayed 8-4's swangin plus the glass done put them niggaz in a daze I'm nothin like a hater even if I was get out the way I'll have the slugs jump in the clip with no delay for Trae to spray I'll stick and move ya later in the 5th be fallin I'm still tippin sittin in somethin blue tinted like the feds so they watchin me when I'm comin through when I lift the trunk up wave it-and bang it slow and loud It's guaranteed that Trae gon'wreck the crowd we gon'do this one right here for DJ Screw and Pat where them haters at Houston, Texas in the building and finna put a end to all the chat I know they mad now cause we here to slap it in they face all chumps gettin squashed now get the fuck up out of the race I'm in my zone second round gon'be worse then the first and plus my slab be known to hurt they heart a lil'worse then this verse and we still tippin on the corner smokin marijuana like that Fat Pat all haters are a goner [Chorus-Fat Pat Repeat 4X] swang, and swang, and swang to the left pop, pop my trunk down M-L-K [Verse 3-H.A.W.K.] I'm a swang, and a swang, and a swang to the left pop my trunk for Fat Pat's Death I would give my last breath if I could bring you back, bring Screw back matter of fact bring the whole crew back only God can do that so I'm a leave it alone, moving on groovin to this soothin song, I'm cruising along still got a Screw tape on, still in the zone wishing Cory Blunt was home, riding on chrome banging with my bug lights on, riding home I reach southern astrodome, I'm Fat Pat's clone his legacy carry's on-his heart beat pumps through my flesh and bone flippin with Trae, mabbin down M-L-K he's blue over gray I'm tinted sellin duece today It's Dub-K chiefin on some lovely and we on the boulevard actin ugly we gon... [Chorus-Fat Pat Repeat 9X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Fat Pat, H.A.W.K., Pimp C Album: Restless Song: Swang (Remix) Typed by: Lil Hustle (*Fat Pat*) Niggaz, better see a nigga roll Starched down, and I'm rolling on 84's [Hook: Fat Pat - 4X] Swang-swanging, sawnging swang two yeah Pop-pop my trunk, and lift-lift-lift [Trae] I'ma swang on my swangas, slab lean to the left Pop my trunk and show what I'm about, so Houston Texas gotta be felt I'm a vet, so it's automatic when I be swinging my wide frame fo' 4's to 24's, I'm subject to glide mayn Like a pimp without the limp, but still so fly when I slide mayn Plus I'm lethal fully loaded, ain't no taking my ride mayn We gangsta, and it ain't too much, you can do to stop us Don't try to knock us, cause they bounders got boppers trying to jock us We the best at what we gon be, and these haters know it So haters hate us to death, and I know cause these haters show it I only ride alone, so they can picture me rolling And for them jackers thinking fly, just picture what I be holding Them hollow points'll make you picture, just how fast they'll be folding A few of them'll have you leaking, till you dead or you swollen But still I ride like the law, floating above everything I'm Screwed Up Click until it's over, nigga fresh off the chain peep the slang [Hook - 4X] [H.A.W.K.] I'ma swang and I swang, and I swang to the left Pop my trunk, for Fat Pat's death I would give my last breath, if I could bring you back Bring Screw back, matter fact bring the whole crew back Only God can do that, so I'ma leave it alone Moving on, grooving to this soothing song I'm cruising on, still got a Screw tape on Still in the zone, wishing Corey Blunt was home Riding on chrome, banging with my bub lights on Riding home, Southeast of the Astro-dome On Fat Pat's clone, his legacy carries on His heartbeat, pumps through my flesh and bone Flipping with Trae, mobbing down MLK He's blue over grey, I'm tipping seven deuce today It's Dub-K, chiefing on some lovely And we on the Boulevard, acting ugly we gon [Hook - 4X] [Trae] A.B.N. is my type of nature, my understanding is nothing Stacks in the back of a Lac, on this glass you finna see me strutting Cutting corners, on a daily basis Move fast like Kanye West samples, when I be chasing faces I'm known to tip like a waiter, when I be lean to the left I roam the city through the dark, with a fifth on bumpers and belts Or maybe in the Impala, '67 Cheve be spinning Invisible set display, everytime they catching me grinning Off in they face, and ain't too much that they can do to a G But try to hate me every second, due to the fact who I be And it don't bother me, cause I still be chopping my game Just don't come off the side of my Range, I might be leaving a stain Whether my slab or beam, niggaz gon respect that we gangsta T-shirt and dickies, plus the kicks that I lace up for you wankstas Everyday is still the same, I be so loud when I bang And thanks to Screw and P-A-T, we got 'em digging our slang huh [Pimp C] I'm a Screwed Up afilliated, strictly rolling red Everytime we hit the parking lot, we turning heads I've been watched by parole, task force 'em by the FED's Cause they know I got 'em for ten, and they know the game ain't dead It's too late I'm deep up in it, ain't nothing about me scary Chiefing in the club, trying to find me something hairy Pimping at the bar, smoking on a stogey Since I came home from the Penn, seem like everybody know me You got lot's of friends, when ya up and when ya balling Just like Pookie, all the haters started on calling They see the diamonds, and the Bentley and the candy thang They know I'm mob style protected, they know I'm rolling with James They know it's UGK for life, and that I'm down with Bun They know we grind, and fin to hit 'em with another one It's UGK records right now, we need distribution Since Laury Webb done freed the pimp, it's going down in Houston [Hook - 8X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trae f/ Big Pokey, H.A.W.K., Jim Jones,  	Mike Jones, Paul Wall, Slim Thug, U.G.K. Album: Tha Truth Show Song: Swang (Remix) Typed by: southsidebaulla@yahoo.com [Fat Pat] Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne [Talking - Trae] Yeah this the remix [Chorus - Fat Pat] Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup [Verse 1 - Big Pokey] These bitches wanna see a nigga roll five - fifty flossin, leave the tag for the toe ice cold AC, butter scotch guts hard top Benz with the roof popped up every tooth rocked up, nigga swangin with the glock nine sixty duece cocked up, bangin at the stop sign and I'm a pass, not my nigga H.A.W.K dogg - I'm a miss everytime I think about him when I'm drivin, I'm a just (I'm a just) [Verse 2 - Pimp C] I'm a Screwed Up Affliated, strictly rollin red everytime we hit the parking lot, we turn heads I've been watched by parole - task forcin by the feds 'cause they know I got e'm for ten and they know the game ain't dead it's too late I'm deep up in it, ain't nothin about me scary chiefin in the club, tryna find me somethin hairy pimpin at the bar - smokin on a stoggy since I came home from the Pen seems like everybody knows me [Verse 3 - Slim Thug] Slim Thugga, motherfucker! The trunk bang with the belts, while I swang to the left pop my trunk and yup, yup, yup chrome spokes when I step down the ave in the slab (huh) pull up to the wash, give the Cadillac a bath my car lookin mirror, peanut butter interior poppin trunks, surround they can't sound no clearer they like damn, he here that boy Thugga shut e'm down them Blue Boys shinin'all over H - Town [Verse 4 - Jim Jones] I gotta shout my niggas in Houston (aye Trae - what up) they ride old school, and they system in screwin (aye Bun B) I'm from New York so in my city we cruisin (Eastside) them '06 whips with the glittery jewels - in (Mazarati's) I don't go in the club till I get all my goons in (not at all) them bouncers don't frisk so we get all our tools in (keep the gats) and yeah we cop the bottles, get the bitches to groovin (shake it ma) and won't you tell the DJ, it's a Dipset intrusion [Chorus - Fat Pat] Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup [Verse 5 - Mike Jones] I'm the king, I'm the mayor of the city - got the game locked down I roll twelve cars, one with my top down I be swangin in that candy, they don't understand me got my slab complete, watch me pull up on this brandy I'm swangin in this slab with the peanut butter guts if she hop inside my ride then the bitch know she gon'fuck I ain't playin with no skeezer, the hoe know I don't need her I pull out my Visa to tease her, not please her they see the diamonds shinin - hand on the wood wheel even though I sold a mill, streets got me hood still [Verse 6 - Trae] I still swang to the left, 84's sittin under Tha Truth and these haters watchin my moves, from the way I butterflyed the Coupe I'm black over alligator so niggas know that I got it trunk lift up at the light but my droppa remainin squated still bangin my Screw, doin my thing see the sun been out on me, but they swear I been in the rain my swangas poke out so wide like I'm ridin in double lanes Texan wide wheels lookin like they never stoppin mayne - I'm a... [Chorus - Fat Pat] Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup Swang, Swang and I swang, and I swang to the left pop - pop my trunk, and yup, yup, yup [Verse 7 - H.A.W.K.] I'm a swang, and I swang, and I swang to the left pop my trunk for Fat Pat's death I would give my last breath if I could bring you back bring Screw back, matter of fact bring the whole crew back only God can do that so I'm a leave it alone movin alone, groovin to this soothin song I'm cruisin along, wishin Cory Blunt was home [Verse 8 - Bun B] Well I'm a swang, I'm a swang, I'm a swang to the right I'm comin down candy on swangas - it's super tight when I pull up at the light, at a quarter to midnight you pull up right - scared to death, gotta call in the life flight UGK is back on the slab and turnin the wheel once again the Bun and the Pimp, the return of the trill you can love to hate us, or hate to love us - it ain't a thing to them Underground Kingz, we still gon'swang [Verse 9 - Paul Wall] I put the H up in the air for that A dub K that fifth wheel, bow down and pray I'm brandy wine over gray I'm swangin with Trae, sprayed by my home boy Ed that third coast custom paint job, got me lookin ready that Swisha House around my neck - Johhny Dang on my wrist trunk bang like ABN with wood grain on my fist Cadillac by David Taylor with retractable roof swangin and bangin on that Screw and throwin boys that duece, It's Paul Wall.... [Fat Pat] Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne Love it mayne - love it mayne The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ Bun B Album: Trey Day Song: Intro: Trey Day Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Trey Day [x9] Yea Bun B baby UGK baby hold up See you done had yo moment You done had yo turn Now move around clown fo this sound dat got the streets on burn The realest playa out the V.A. since the authas and lord willin givin R&B music a newly restored feelin While haters is bored chillin he focused and mashn He bringin big faces and dem checks he be cashin He got (wat) some places to go and some people to see But he gon (wat) rep up fo Virgina baby keepin it G in the streets and T.V. Don't matta he gon keep it 100 cus can't nobody do like yung Trey don done it So don't tell me dat it's dos or clam dat it's uno Why hate em, why not congratulate him (congratulate him) cus nigga you know dis is Trey Day [x12] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Uncle Murda f/ Bun B, Busta Rhymes, DV Alias Khrist Album: Gotta Have That 12" Song: Gotta Have That Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Uncle Murda] East New York!!!! Broklyn!!!! [Chorus: DV Alias Khrist] (Uncle Murda) I gotta have that (OH!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Yo where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that  I gotta have that (I gotta have that!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Yo where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Man where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that, I gotta have that [Verse One: Uncle Murda] You gettin money on that block I want in! (I want in) You make a twenty dollar sale I want ten! I tried to be nice but, he started riffin Then he slowed his role up when I start grippin I gotta get some new shoes for my son He got twenty pairs so what let's make it twenty one I'm a get him everything that his daddy never got Like the new Playstation and the new XBox So I gotta go and get a couple dudes off the block Put the mask on pull the thing out let it pop Run up on a chump like gimme them packs Man where that cheese at?! Don't make me squeeze that! [Chorus: DV Alias Khrist] (Uncle Murda) I gotta have that (OH!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Yo where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that  I gotta have that (I gotta have that!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Yo where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Man where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that, I gotta have that [Verse Two: Bun B] Trill hood cat know when you see me Hood chicks wanna love me hood dudes wanna be me I give them the heebie geebies when I step on the block They know I'm diggin in them pockets front on me and get dropped See I don't care who name on the streets they know that I'm runnin 'em Talk loud with his homeys catch him solo I'm sonnin him Look up the block there go Uncle Murda and Bun and 'em They 'gon pop off homey I don't want none of them You talk tough you better be ready to back it up Before we get to actin up y'all 'gon get to packin up That's real talk cause we ain't playin for the dough And you can't put that on the Pimp cause man you already know [Chorus: DV Alias Khrist] (Uncle Murda) I gotta have that (OH!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Yo where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that  I gotta have that (I gotta have that!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Yo where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Man where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that, I gotta have that [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] na na na, na na na, na na na!!!! Ain't no mistakin no fakin I be brakin in And I be shakin up the buildin because I will be takin in Every fuckin thing that I'm on, and if it's yours then I want it I take it like it was mine, then walk around and then flaunt Then get to fuckin your aunt, cause now she has an obsession Because your belongings look better when there in my possession Now heh heh heh heh gotta laugh at this shit cause it's funny Whenever it comes to money I'm such an irrational think The type for runnin your house and I rob the stash under sink And put the gun in your mouth and I'm frownin like somethin was missin And give a fuck I ain't leavin a pot to pissin [Chorus: DV Alias Khrist] (Uncle Murda) I gotta have that (OH!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Yo where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that  I gotta have that (I gotta have that!) Money when I see you where your stash at? (Yo where that stash at?) Grindin on the block for the green bags (You got the green bags!?) Run up on you nigga where the cheese at? (Man where that cheese at?) Don't make me squeeze that, I gotta have that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Bun B, Polow Da Don Album: Versus/Raymond v. Raymond (Deluxe Edition) Song: Get in My Car Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Usher] Skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet [Polow] Y'all {niggaz} never learn [Usher] Yeah, Ursher baby [Polow] You can't really {fuck} with me, hey! [Usher] Uh, this club is crowded, we should go Telly got rooms but I got mo' rooms than enough, c'mon baby girl That's what's up ("That's whassup!") One-one mo' drink and we ready to cut You tuggin my front I'm squeezin your butt If you ain't gon' finish don't start no stuff (I just wanna touch) Don't start no stuff (yeah) Know you wanna leave with me (yeah) you wanna be seen with me (uh-huh) I can't lie cause you fine as hell and I might let you be with me, uh Yeah, I know you wanna come with me, yeah, come take a ride with me Can't be shy girl! Least not tonight girl [Chorus: Usher] Club-club-club is crowded, we should go Telly got rooms, but I got mo' Mo' rooms than enough, c'mon baby girl That's what's up (that's what's up) One-one mo' drink and we ready to cut You tuggin my front I'm squeezin your butt If you ain't gon' finish don't start no stuff (I just wanna touch) Don't start no stuff There's too many women here to waste all my time on you! Oh! What you gonna do girl? Just know that I can have any one and you if I choose And, I choose you! Yeah, I choose you! [Interlude: Polow Da Don] I said ay, ay, you, you Get in my car - get in my car Get in my car - get in my car You know you wanna roll [Usher] That your girl lookin at me? Be clear where y'all wanna be Me on you, her on me, if you're feelin free we can do a three Just playin - club 'bout to close up, girl go and make your mind up Get you back to my crib with your feet up Make love 'til I skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet-skeet [Bun B] Well it's big Bun Beada mayne back on my B.I. Never been a everyday Joe like G.I. Sittin on a stack of greenbacks 'bout knee high From the +Underground+ I'm a +King+ like T.I. son, Bun low pro' like a P.I. (damn) Run back and tell that like a C.I. Brick on the regular, swag you see my With the boy Usher you know that we fly Fresher than a mall, richer than a bank (bank) Big body Benz sittin bigger than a tank (tank) Ball up in the club we gon' buy up all the drank (drank) And holla at ya gal, give a damn what you think (think) {Fuck} how you feel, I'ma keep it real I'ma let your baby girl know what's the deal Put it on Pimp, lil' mama keep it trill Drink gettin low, think you need a refill Know you wit'cha man and you still go down Might be a fool but he ain't gon' clown (clown) He know a real G when he see one He better get like me and try to be one (be one) You know what it do, let it be done Get it now 'fore you see it on the rerun Take you to the spot, get your {ass} hot And you can run back and tell your girls what we done Tell you what, I'ma give you one shot Give you one chance, girl show me what you got Drop it down low to the flo', let it pop Twurk that thang, work it, don't stop (don't stop) Tell your man that his {ass} outta luck (outta luck) I'm finna put your bad {ass} in the trunk (in the trunk) Take you back to the crib and cut That's what's up ("That's whassup") [Outro: Polow Da Don] I said ay, ay, you, you Get in my car - get in my car Get in my car - get in my car You know you wanna roll Ay, ay, you, you Get in my car - get in my car Get in my car - get in my car You know you wanna roll The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Waka Flocka Flame f/ Bun B, Ludacris Album: Triple F Life: Fans, Friends & Family Song: Candy Paint & Gold Teeth Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] {Da Honorable C.N.O.T.E.} Uh...FLOCKA! [Chorus: Waka Flocka Flame] I'm from the South, Southern hospitality, soul food dinners, dinners, dinners, dinners, dinners, dinners I'm from the south, where the old folks they don't mind they business (NO!) Strip clubs is our culture we some heavy spenders C-Candy paint and gold teeth, c-candy paint and gold teeth C-Candy paint and gold teeth, c-candy paint and gold teeth C-Candy paint and gold teeth, c-candy paint and gold teeth C-Candy paint and gold teeth, c-candy paint and gold teeth [Waka Flocka Flame] I'm in Riverdale on 85, at Ann' Laura's eatin some soul food (Squad!) Clayton County attitude (Squad!), let me know if you down to (Flocka!) party all night with my people (Ay mayne, ay mayne!) And if yo' ass go hungry man, them old folks they gon' feed you I bring +Drama+, like Sammy Sam, I'm Soul Plane fly Twist the burn, bumpin Do or Die (HOL' DAT!) call it clean, no suit and tie +Geto Boy+ like Willie D, Cartier, wood grains like I'm Pimp C Hall of Fame like Bun B I ain't from the South, that's Ludacris, that country shit Fish and grits, yard full of pits, w-wet paint, b-big rims You cain't help but ta notice it, put the beat in it, dark tints (Shawty!) I'm coolin it wit my bad bitch (FLEX!), she thick as shit not average (FLEX!) Country hell with dem manners, yellin Riverdale, where we at (RIVERDAAAAAALE~!!!) [Hook] [Bun B] Mayne I'm sittin low in my old school  and my locs is on and I'm so cool And my top is dropped, so there's no roof  and I'm shinin' hard as my gold tooth (Hol' up) I'm trill as hell, and I'm heavy set  Pray to the Lord, but don't get it bent I'm from the hood, and I represent and I turn it up like the deficit I'm from Texas, bitch (bitch)  Cadillac no Lexus, bitch (bitch) Where we ride on fo's, them suicide doors that part  No plastics, bitch (bitch) So you best not test us, bitch (bitch) 'cause we will get reckless, bitch (bitch) Catch you on yo' block wit' that big black Glock  Take more than yo' necklace, bitch (bitch) Tell me who gon' check us, bitch (uh), we outside  Down for the hood nigga we gon' ride My gladiators, yeah they go live  wit' them ARs' and them fo'-fives So watch yo' step, and know yo' place  If you ain't trill, don't show yo' face 'cause I'll pull and pop, and I'll catch a case and I'll leave the scene wit' no trace~! [Ludacris] RAHH!! Ha-ha, LUDA! FRESH out the shop and the candy-coated Cadillac stacked on amazing wheels Seats lookin like I holla'd at the Reese's Peanut Butter company and made a deal (HA!) Trunk shakin like jelly, these honeys ready to check the spread cause I get that cheese, and I sandwich myself between the bread (Woo!) So keep yo' mind on yo' riches, and get ya hoes right cause in these streets you not safe unless ya code's right (yea) This other livin is like something you ain't never seen (Never!) Ask any hustler, his favorite color is money green Blacked-out tint (tint), white walls spinnin (spinnin) Lookin' for the ham-hock-neckbone-collard-green-cornbread-eatin women We some country-ass certified gangstas in the South When you speak about who's hottest, watch yo' mother-FUCKIN mouth, LUDA~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Bun B Album: Attention Deficit Song: Mirrors Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Wale] Yeah, m-m-mirror, tell me I'm the realest Since all these other niggaz g-got gimmicks in l-lyrics It's all gun bustin and such a lack of the subject C-Could I be that nigga rejuvenatin l-levels? D-D-Did I stutter, the missin piece of that puzzle Feel like the only rapper that look at you with no trouble It's easy on TV, make them believe what they be seein M-Mirrors never lie, so they keep eyes up on they re-runs For fear of what you show them, reality is golden Real recognize real, you need some ID to be noticed though One of the coldest to mix Pro Tools with your vocals What the fans can't see, that m-mirror gon' notice, bet [Chorus 1 - Wale] Mirror, mirror on the wall, who the realest of 'em all? That ain't hard, swear to God, these niggaz ain't real at all Mirror, mirror on the wall, is it right? Is it wrong? It ain't hard, swear to God, these niggaz ain't real at all [Chorus 2 - Bun B] Mirror, mirror on the wall, who the realest of 'em all? They ain't hard, swear to God, these niggaz ain't real at all Mirror, mirror on the wall, is it right? Is it wrong? They ain't hard, swear to God, these niggaz ain't real at all [Verse 2 - Bun B] Say there Mr. Mirror, put yourself up to yourself and then Just take a look at the reflection that's reflectin in Your own physical, superficial, not spiritual All them possessions you possessin, they can't keep your spirit full You need to hear it fool but you don't wanna listen 'cause You so f-full of your s-self and you just sit and judge You point 'em out and call 'em up and then s-sit 'em down Then you put fertilizer, lyin spread that shit around But if you took a second Mr. Mirror you would see That you just mad at you, man you ain't really mad at me You took the hatred of yourself and just project it out No disrespect, you can't respect yourself then just get out For real you need to go away just like the +Rain+ song 'Cause you f-frontin and f-fakin it's just plain wrong So Mr. Mirror man I'm just gon' keep it G If you can't look up at yourself, how the fuck you lookin at me, mayne? [Chorus 2] [Chorus 1] [Verse 3 - Wale] M-M-Mirror, t-tell me she the realest I met her in the club and she wouldn't let me in it S-Seen her in a video, seen her in that magazine See me I ain't frontin, we ain't seen them titties last week Some find you nasty, f-f-fuck you call that? I call it insecure, s-s-shorty think she all that F-F-Fuck outta here, that's how they gettin gas '09 gold diggers walkin with that different path Find a dummy (wrap 'em up), let 'em fuck (suck 'em up) Get in good, brings his chickens money, a-another one No longer cab fare, with surgery and mascara Lookin at your money but c-can't look up in that mirror Fearin what it show you, reality is gold Real recognize real, real women don't know you One of the coldest, dancin on that pole What them tippers don't see, I bet that mirror gon' show you [Chorus 1] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Webbie f/ Bun B, Lil' Phat (3 Deep) Album: Savage Life 2 Song: Doe Doe Typed by: southisdebaulla@yahoo.com [Webbie Talking over Chorus] (Blowin doe, doe) Trill Entertainment, Young Savage (blowin doe, doe), (blowin doe, doe) (blowin doe, doe) If it ain't purple we ain't even smokin it (blowin doe, doe)*Repeat 4x* (Chorus-Repeat 8x) Blowin doe, doe with this 4-4 got the hat back with the seats low Blowin doe, doe with this 4-4 got the hat back with the seats low Blowin doe, doe with this 4-4 got the hat back with the seats low Blowin doe, doe with this 4-4 got the hat back with the seats low [Verse 1-Webbie] It ain't no joke up in here, got so much smoke up in here that you'll prolly choke up in here, if you ain't on that dope up in here mayne I should slow up in here, cause I can't get roped up in here got this lil'hoe up in here and I ain't had insurance in years but I'll turn the wheels, the music fuck up your ears snatch some mo twenty-sixes, give you mo shit to go whisper I have 'em big, by the line-you clip 'em one at a time you do this shit by the month, I switch 'em up by the blunt so don't be stuntin, respect that chickens and boppas be on me and Yeah I'm prolly in the projects with some lil'niggas that's wanted in the whip with some tint, bad bitch with some sense I get tired of ridin this, I hit the castle and switch Yeah my lil'homie done came up on some extravagant shit so I roll it up and took me an extravagant hit got to laughin and grinnin, mayne it must be pleasin started trippin and cheesin, I rolled another one, immediate-you know I'm (Chorus) [Verse 2-Lil' Phat] I be creepin slowly in the Monte Carlo I ain't goin inside till tomorrow I gotta get it, give a fuck if it's your car note black Jeep behind me that's my nigga Marlo I pull up at the studio, I'm gettin blunted with a stripper, Boosie call her Young Dummy my girl hit me, Phat bring yo ass home not right now cause I'm gettin my thug on eyes low, Yeah I'm smokin off the pound hat back, seats low-me and my round 4-4 in my pack it's kind of heavy take it off, put it on my lap-I stay ready this shit got me mayne I'm tired of smokin this hit my nigga B to get some different shit mothafucka and don't never think I'm scary I put hollow tips through yo fuckin belly they gon burn ya like a deli, I stay ready (Chorus) [Verse 3-Bun B] Mayne I'm always in the ghetto, in the ghetto you can find me Cadillac swangin-car killas right behind me rollin down the interstate doin bout ninety the car so smoked out this shit about to blind me gotta crack the window and let loose the smog while I'm bendin corners in my candy painted hog this sweet is so impact, this mothafuckas like a log I take another hit and then I pass it to my dogg a doe, doe smokin gangsta, I stay twistin that green a twenty eight gram a day habit, know what I mean if I don't get medicine nigga on the cool I'm bout to start trippin out-actin a mothafuckin fool that's when Dr.Jekyll turn into Hyde on these boys and pull out the hecklar and start to ride on these boys where I'm from we ain't lettin shit slide on these boys but we gon'keep our pistols and our eyes on these boys, That's Whassup (Chorus Till End) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Webbie f/ Bun B Album: Savage Life Song: Give Me That Typed by: marchikine17@neo.rr.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist (Oh) Girl give me that (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that Girl give me that (pussy) (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that Girl give me that (pussy) (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that there Girl give me that pussy (Oh Oh Oh) Girl give me that [Lil Webbie] - Verse 1 You know you want it Girl don't act like you don't want it Girl I want it just as bad as you do And look see I can tell from this lil vibe You got me feeling that you dig me Boo I'm digging you too You wanna be one of the chosen few Then gon jig up in this motherfucker Maybe me and you can do it big up in this motherfucker Sit you in a crib where you can chill Don't have to move a muscle Give you some be good now you be good Daddy gon hustle Come here let me Whisper in your ear I gotta tell you something Listening to this song kinda make a nigga want something Did some daydreaming Now I'm fiending like I'm on something Girl don't hold it from me Cause right now I'll be don strong on ya I ain't the type to ruin your life By running game and throwing your dreams Get in your brain suit your game Ease your pain and show you things Sit you on some leather seats while blowing green And switching lanes Girl stop playing games let me beat it out the frame [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there [Bun B from UGK] - Verse 2 She five foot seven a hundred and thirty nine pounds Thirty six twenty four thirty eight pretty fine brown Bad lil broad I ain't seen her in a minute Since the All-Star game and I'm still tryin to hit it Got a baby for this nigga that I used to sell things He caught a fed case and he ain't leave her no change She sold all his jewels she sold all his cars Now she dancing in the shaker club stripping for the stars Sliding down the pole slow drop it to a split Pussy popping on a handstand man she the shit She still looking tight though Still built right though Run my game right and after the club She might go back to the telly with me Shake her jelly with me Let my people bust on her face and her belly with me I got Lil Webbie with me and he ain't hating We some players in this bitch so baby stop hesitating [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there [Lil Webbie] - Verse 3 Now I can tell from your size that that pussy is fire So I'm here and willing to give you whatever it require For you to lay down on your back and then open your thighs Long sharp deep and wide have you rolling your eyes You a big fine horse I had no choice but to try it Look like it's worth a couple g's but ain't some shit I buy Let me whisper in your ear again I ain't gon lie I might share a lil meal just don't tell nobody Look you know you want it Girl don't act like you don't want it Girl you want it just as bad as I do But check this out You gon be wishing that you been gave me your money By the time I finish rumbling with you While rhymes get loose let's take this shit to the room And you just keep yourself excited til we get to the room Cuz I've been rocked up since I met you I'm ready to give you the blues Don't stunt now take off your shoes Don't act confused you know what time it is [Chorus - repeat 4X] Girl give me that pussy Girl give me that Girl give me girl give me that there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Willie the Kid f/ Bun B, Gucci Mane, LA the Darkman, Trey Songz, Yung Joc Album: Love For Money 12" Song: Love For Money Typed by: Theda dot Com [Trey Songz] Wah ah ohh oh, ohh oh Wah ah ohh oh, ohh oh I got the love for money I gotta have it  The lust for living lavish Gotta get that green paper stackin' Love For Money I gotta have it Love For Money I got the love for money [Willie the Kid] Chillin wit two women Me & Mr. Thanksgiving I be somewhere fly Thanksgiving goin' swimmin' While you was wearin' snorkels I was out snorkelin Of course, I'm shittin' on these ni99as like porcelain It's more than love wit this money I'm infatuated Captivated by the diamonds encapsulated Shootin' range in the basement Olympic size pool, a pool table adjacent I love me some money! [Gucci Mane] I stash money, fast money Come on, I'm pumpin them onions Buckin and crossin the country So So, don't cross me you monkey Sleepin' on fifties and twenties Rollin' up onions and hundreds Pullin' in Porsche's and Phanny's Fancies be throwin' they panties Drama and Cannon they family Gucci and Drama they panic Ughh, they sick, they vomit Put some more commas in front it Drama got Gucci, he stunted Gucci and Drama, we jammin' We got so much money Bout our money, so money Mo' money dummy [Chorus 2x] [LA the Darkman] See Money! Money got a big house Money got a bad girl Money make you famous Money rule the whole world Money set trends Money is in the Benz Money got associates actin' like friends Money Money he old Money Money he bold Money got sexy ladies dancin' on the pole Money got em' on the stroll Money platinum and gold Money make em' shake it like Beyonce Knowles [Yung Joc] Only God knows, The things I do for money That's a young fly bad bitch, a tenderoni Check out them dimensions Twenties, fifties and hundreds Don't she make me look good When you see us out stuntin' Ni**as catch a whiff Find out that's your b*tch Catch a pusha in your whip Then they go and push them clips She got me goin' crazy I'm coo coo for boo-koo bucks Plus I can't lie boo, its only you I love! [Chorus 2x] [Bun B] I'm bout my issue I'm bout my dough I'm on my hustle (man) You already know! I'm hittin' stains I'm hittin' liqs I'm packin' pounds And baggin' bricks You got them nicks I got a lab You talking whole's But sellin' halves Where's your connect How much he got That's all he holdin'? Man I'll buy him out... [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: YC f/ Ace Hood, B.o.B, Big Sean, Bun B, Cory Gunz, Cory Mo,    CyHi Da Prince, Dose, Nelly, Trae Tha Truth, Twista,    Waka Flocka Flame, Wale, Wiz Khalifa, Yo Gotti, Young Jeezy Album: Racks (Remix) single Song: Racks (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Sonny Digital} [Intro: YC] (YC!) Whatchu got? Racks on racks on racks  (He got) racks on racks on racks  (We got) racks on racks on raaacks (Leh'go!) Ayy! I got, racks on racks on racks (She got) racks on racks on racks (They got) racks on racks on racks [Chorus: YC] Got campaign goin so strong  Gettin brain while I'm talkin on the phone Spend money when ya money gets long Real street nigga, ain't no clone We at the top where we belong Sip lean, rosé, Patron Smokin on thousand dollar worth of strong when the club 'bout to hear this soooong (Whatchu got?) We got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks)  Racks on racks on racks (racks), got racks on racks on raaaaacks  Got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks) Racks on racks on racks (racks), nigga ain't even tryna hold baaaack [YC] Still fresh ahead of my Trues Ice shot, okay, coon Strapped up, know I keep that tool That racks on racks a muh'fuckin fool All around the globe, bein on TV E'rywhere you look, you see YC Hatin ass niggaz just wishin they were me -- YC, YC, YC Way too big for my muh'fuckin jeans I'm so fly I don't even got wings Eyes real low, just blame it on the green Girl caught up, got lean on leaaaaaan That shoebox shit, over with She put it on the rack, won’t notice it My bank count, commas all over it Racks on racks on raaa-aa-acks [Young Jeezy] Young, if it's convertible, then how is it a hardtop? Bitch I hit one button, my roof open like a hard spot (Daaaaaamn!) Make me throw my diamonds up, bitch my life was hard knock Had so much kush and Ciroc, bitch I think my heart stop (Yeaaaaaaaah!) E'ry night's a weekend, e'ry day’s a Friday night You ain't seen nothin yet, bitch this just my Friday ice 87 brick fare, yeah, I'm talkin thirty racks All I sold is hund'uns, where the fuck my twenties at? [Wiz Khalifa] Uh... Racks on, racks off, see that blonde stripper, my hat's off Lookin at my Rollie, 'bout thirty grand what that cost Smoke like I'm in Cali, fuck takin flight, I blast off Niggaz talkin tattoos, we should have a tat-off Got racks on racks on racks... naps on naps on naps Just made a mil, count another mil, so put that on top of that Way back in 2004, I told 'em it was a wrap Now my life ain't my life no mo', I told you, nigga it's a wrap OOOH~! you claim you a dog, my nig, I'm the vet We cain't even talk 'less you cut the check  I guess that's why all of these niggaz get bad  They said, "Fuck a young nigga! Fuck a young nigga!" I know it's some girls in the crowd right now who wanna fuck a young nigga - yeah! I roll one and roll another one bigger Niggaz thinkin they sick, well, I'm sicker I'ma smoke, my weed and I’ma drink, my liquor Better make, sure you fuck ya girl right 'fore I dick her, down (Flocka!) [Waka Flocka Flame] I got racks on top of racks (Uh!)  Stacks on top of stacks (Uh!) Bands on top of bands (Uh!)  Got me fuckin her (Uh!) and her friends (Flocka!) Bad boys don’t do papers (Flex!) Double shot for (Flex!) my haters (Clap!) Clap two times if you druuuuuuuuunk (CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP, FLOCKA!) Got a bad bitch from the U.K. (Okay!) She do everything I say (Okay!) Go crazy when she hear music (Grove Streeeeeeeet!) She got "Grove St." on replay (Flocka!) Got racks you don't understand (Uh-huh) Money long from here to Japan (Uh-huh) Do it good when she go +No Hands+ Girl, you got me in a traaaaaance [CyHi Da Prince] Got racks on racks on racks (racks)  Y'all rap so wack on wax (wax) +Purple+ by the pound, that's that Flacco -- haaaaaah! I make big plays, I got big chips, blew/blue money like six Crips Switch gears like stick shifts, fresh as hell, I'm Big Gipp We buy cars. y’all flip whips, catch us smokin that quick trip Pitch piff, that's a handspring, I like to call that a quick flip Pull triggers like hamstrings, boy I'm doin my damn thing Been blood with them bricks pimp, get +off+ a +key+ like I can't sing Got the seven on me like big jersey, ridin round in this bitch dirty I'm the best, hands down, they nicknamed me 6:30 I'm wit Young Dose and YC, Redan Road, that's my street Ask around on the Eastside, I'm the S-H-I-T [Bun B] Yeah... Bun B, I'm Underground King (King)  in the candy-painted car on swang (swang) With the top on drop and the trunk on pop  Boy you cain't tell me a damn thang (thang) Fifth wheel on the back just hang (hang)  Hit corners, hit licks, hit stains (stains) With the grill in the front, +Wood Wheel+ in the plush  Showin neon lights on my paint (paint) Yeah, I rep that P-A-T (A-T)  One hundred, yeah that's me (that's me)  If you don't recognize you gon' see (gon' see)  I'm a straight up +Trill O.G.+ (O.G.) in a black-on-black-on-black (black)  Cadillac like a mack on clacks (clacks) Try to jack and I will attack  It's a fact that I ain’t givin up my stacks like that! [B.o.B] Call me Bobby Ray, but it's not two names Flyin through the city, all-black, Bruce Wayne (Whoo!) No, not +Bombs Over Baghdad+ But on the track, you can call me Hussein (Hoo-hah-hah!) That's why they nervous {*gasp*}, like I'm flyin on the plane with a turban (woo!) But I'm fly, y'all just turbulence -- exit row, emergency (Mayday!) As a kid, I was struck by lightning (Pow!), it's no wonder I'm electrifyin Ha! Fuck a brainstorm, I'll fuck around and cause a power outage (BANG!) And it ain't no rivals, if it was, it'd be no survivors (No!) But just gimme a hour, I'll light it up like an Eiffel Tower [Yo Gotti] (I'm Yo Goooooti!) Got bills on top of bills (bills), scales on top of scales (scales) I'm Mr. All White (White), got yell' on top of yell' Got pills all on my phone, these niggas know I’m wrong Said 50 for a song, and they won’t leave me ‘lone Gotta front me a brick, that ain’t nothin’ to you Just ran through a ticket, there ain’t nothin’ to do Yeah, I love these streets like I love the booth Mr. Cocaine Music, I’m 100 proof Got white on white on white, ice on ice on ice And when I’m in the club it look like lights on lights on lights [Wale] Yeah, racks on racks on racks  I'm tryna smash and not call back My name Wale, you so silly  Wet my willie, might call you a cab, yeah Ridin around wit that reefer scent  Ridin around with Miss Reece and them When I'm in the groove, I can freak a tune  I'm smoother than, alopecia skin -- HAHA!! I shows out, like dope when I put that flow down Like soap when I put my clothes on  I'm jokin, but I be foamed out And all she want is more bags, but all I want is more ones I told her bring that money back, like all them racks is Nordstrom’s - Whoooooa~! [Cory Gunz] The tracks on snack off raps (raps) See stacks from back of my slacks (slacks) From the X or the Macs in the Ac' (br-r-r-rat)  If I ain't strapped, then the gats on scat (on scat) Then he black on 'em like Tae-Bo (Tae-Bo)  then he clap on 'em like bravo (bravo) Throw sacks on 'em like y'all hoes (y'all hoes) Got racks on 'em like tight hoooooes Young Money, Cash Money so strong (strong) Keep scorin, I'ma bring it on home (home) Those Xans and the lean cause zones (zones)  Somethin tan with a mean jawboooone Worldwide, but I got fourth ways (fourth ways)  One hat carry like four blades (four blades) Petey Popoff R.I.P., free Lou  Been lootin money since like fourth grade I'm the shit nowadays, so they wave (wave)  No whips, no chains, I'm a slave (slave) Let you niggaz know Milita my gang (gang)  MC aim if you was thinkin it's a game (game) See me with the twin, buck a shimmy with the gauge (gauge) Word to Bus' and Jimmy, I'd be busy gettin paid Goin for the grips every day 'til the grave I be worried about the chips, you be worried about the +Lay's+ - BEYITCH! [Dose] Got Activist in my Sprite (lean) Benjamins in my Robins (boi!) Frank Muller wit flooded ice, but I still got my brightness In the fast lane, gettin slow brain in a 2012 Maserati I'm kickin, pimpin, like Liu Kang, my coupe smokin like Friday Puffin on that garlic (gas) Sick off all the Marley (boi!) Inked up on my hands and arms, got Def Jam in my pocket Shout out to Sha Money, signed me in a hurry Daddy was a kingpin, a couple milli buried Nigga, you ain't talkin nuttin (nuttin)  All in Flight Corps stuntin (stuntin) These exclusive 7s', pay four hundered for the Jordans (Jordans) No, you cain't afford 'em (fly daddy)  Sharper than a swordsman Racks on racks, our campaign strong, and YC like my brother - dueces! [Cory Mo] Catch me in the city with the trunk on crack Top dropped down, black on black Fistful of wood, twisted for the good Check my bank account, got racks on racks Look around fool, got a wall full of plaques Platinum and gold, you gots ta love that Posted up just like a thumbtack Better hide ya hoe, 'cause she bound to get snatched H-Town, Texas to ATL She got a fat ass, she prol'ly know me well Keep it on the low, never kiss and tell True player, Cory Mo cold as hell Shows to do, got records to sell Got a whole lotta BMI checks in the mail If ballin was a crime, I'd be in jail Locked up for double life like "What the hell?!" [Nelly] Yeah, they call me Country Grammar, my brother out the slammer I'm crimson color painted, you can call that Alabama I'm not from Alabama, but check out how I roll +Tide+ He might have the same whip, but check out how I roll mine Y'all niggaz ain't no stars (stars), y'all only in it for the cars (cars) The sky is yo' limit mayne, and mine somewhere 'bout Mars I ride wit them boys in the middle of the map St. Louis, Detroit, Chi-Town, Nap Down to the Dirty, back up through the trap But the money don't stack man, money overlap Yeah, y'all better watch it mayne, right here we lock and load Two things is for certain mayne, and one thing is fa sho' Got a house on hundred acres, I've never seen my neighbors A chick in ATL and from Buckhead to Decatur (Let's go!) Now y'all better leave me alone, got license for my chrome Police on yo' mama phone talkin 'bout, "Yo' baby gooooone!" Tell the truth, I ain't gon' lie (lie), I got so many rides (rides) Don't know which one I'ma drive -- fuck it, I'm just gon' flyyyyyyy! [Twista] Everybody wanna hate because I'm on ('cause I'm on) Blowin head back, bottles by the zone (by the zone) Twista finna get up on the track and spit it the way I do  simp-ily because I like this song (song) When I step up out the Maserati car Gotta pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it from the jar (jar) Then I blow, I'ma close out the par' Wit some killers and everybody know who we are Get Money Gang steppin through the do' ('cago), Chicago, 'cago, 'cago ('cago) Anybody wanna get into it, c'mon and do it  Fuck security, we gon' make 'em feel the flo' (feel the flo') Might as well get it off yo' chest While everybody got ammunition on deck (on deck) I don't see them, see them. as a, as a threat 'Cause I got racks on racks on racks (on racks) Oh~! Twista, I see your future, finna shoot ya I salute you if you could get at the general in my military Racks and racks and tracks and stacks and gats I-I-I could destroy an entire village when I kill and bury 'Cause I manipulate your molecular structure Other words, fill 'em up wit holes (wit holes) If you try to give it to me at the do' (at the do')  I just thought I had to let you knoooow (I bet yo' bitch call me Big) [Big Sean] Now I got single bitches tryin (tryin), married bitches lyin (lyin) I take 'em to the crib and leave our future in a condom I wake up fresher than these motherfuckers as is Look inside my closet (Look!), that shit look like it's Raks Fifth (Raks Fifth) Man, that's racks on racks on racks on top of packs on top of pounds My chains is Pow! on Pow! on Pow!, I'm off them trees, no I ain't no owl I'm at the altar sayin my vows, to this Benjamin Franklin pile You buy her a house, I won't buy her a vowel You fell in love and I fell in her mouth They called her Dickface, she call the connect (call the connect) You call her collect, I call to collect, no need for a pet If I throw this paper, yo bitch gon' fetch!  (...Do it) ...B-I-G And Detroit gon' be aight as long as we got me - I do it [Trae Tha Truth] I'm in the hood if you wondered where I'm at (where I'm at) In the back of a Chevy that's all black (all black) Racks on racks, I don’t know how to act (act) Track and field with the birds, I'm runnin 'em like track (track) Free throws of money, bet you cain't block (block) King of the club, I bet you cain't top (top) Bitch niggaz hate the fact I get gwap (gwap) or the fact when the money go up, it won’t stop (Come up!) I'm in the club, tryna show 'em how to stunt (stunt) Tryna pick up what I throw, it prol'ly take 'em 'bout a month (month) The club underwater, have 'em runnin out the front While I'm somewhere in the back, gettin blowed like a blunt (blunt) No need to trip, you can tell 'em that I'm cool as hell (cool as hell) 'Cause if it's the case, I'm known to the pack the tool as well (tool as well) {?} broke motherfucker, nothing new to tell (new to tell) Got both underneath the old school as well (school as well) I got lights on my wrist that'll flash like cop (cop) Couple of foreign cars that I ride no top (top) Couple of whi-whips that I ride like yachts (yachts) A couple of haters lookin, I'm knowin them niggaz hot (hot) You can tell 'em that I don't give a damn Hard As a Motherfucker, tell 'em I was H.A.M. Call it what you want, I'ma do it for the fam Yeah, that's the type of nigga that I am [Ace Hood] Okay, I'm back off into this bitch (bitch!) Wit a cup, and it's full of that liq' (Hot!) Got racks, ain't talkin tits (Feel dat!) Big stacks, no Lego bricks (Whoo!) Hit a trick and if any nigga got it I keep that hottie, just look at her body Blew twenty bands in that King of Diamonds Sorry, that's just part of my hobby (Swoop!) And I hear 'em feelin my Florida swagger So dope, shoulda sold y'all copies That ice be onto my neck and wrist Now anybody wanna play some hockey?! (HAAH!) I'm that nigga in fact (in fact)  Paper tall as Shaq (Oh boy!) "Blood Sweat and Tears", it'll be on your local Walmart rack - soon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Bun B Album: Trunk Muzik 0-60 Song: Good to Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus 2X: Yelawolf] Good to go, good to go Good to go, good to go Fresh kicks (all day) new 'fits (all right) Drop hits (all day) then party (all night) [Yelawolf] Walk with a limp and I talk with a lingo Party with a bunch of bad girls in a Pinto Run up on a motherfucker with a dull pencil Sharpen up my #2 on his new Benz-o Hit the brakes, hold up wait, make you do an indo Put the bass in ya face, you can feel the tempo Yela's in the place, grab a stencil You should wanna get a copy of style I lend yo' ass, the man's so bad From Alabama with a banjo, clap clap Sling blades like I'm Rambo, fix that I don't wanna hear shit buddy, that's that Can't get a buzz well run back to the bar Pick another drink, get ready to blow Send me your telephone number bitch Maybe when I'm ready to roll I'll hit you with the totem poll But right now I'm [Bun B] Well boy you wanna do it, shit let's get to it You already know I'ma run right through it I'm just like fluid, matter fact like water Cause I'ma be realer, go a lil' harder Hide your girlfriend, wife or daughter Put it on a plate I'ma serve your order Line 'em up, put 'em in place for the slaughter Game over by the end of first quarter Wake up hater, rise and shine I'm a star while you're ridin pine I got your main girl ridin mine Her face in my lap as I recline It's grindin time and I declare I run my fingers through her hair I run these streets like marathon +You Can't Touch Me+ like Hammer, gone~! I'm good [Yelawolf] Bitch you know I got Bun B in the front seat and we got these boppers on the chrome! One time for ya boy Pimp C +Pocket Full of Stones+! Yeah I got a pocket full of stones cause I fell off my dirt bike in cargo pants I rock a microphone literally Litter the track lyrically with bottles, cans Pop a band, put a stack on it I'll water this plant like Aqua Man Make a rapper run back to the studio Retrace his steps like he dropped a gram I'll be damned, Catfish Billy You don't wanna run if you're rhythm ain't ready Sling syllables, beat's edible Incredible, inevitably, BLOW~! [Outro: Yelawolf] Yeah, Yelawolf, Bun B, good to go UGK is good to go, R.I.P. Pimp C Ghet-O-Vision, Alabama/Texas connection Y-Yela, holler at'chee It's good to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ying Yang Twins f/ Bun B Album: U.S.A. United States of Atlanta Song: 23 Hour Lockdown Typed by: nolimit21887@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist 23 hour lockdown Where they treat you like a ho Slide you a plate up under the door Nigga have to shit in the middle of the floor Prison ain't a place that we need to go So 'til they free Pimp C I'ma leave up to U G O K K K To keep it street This one here for the street This one here for the street Life can be so hard Shit can hurt so bad Always have you sayin' Constantly making you mad (Say Free Pimp C Free Pimp C!) Life can be so hard (Free Pimp C Free Pimp C!) Shit can hurt so bad (Free Pimp C Free Pimp C!) Always have you sayin (Free Pimp C Free Pimp C!) Constantly making you mad [D Roc] In a lil bitty room where there ain't no light Thinkin bout this is the wrong and the right The dark and the light, the strong and the weak Your conscious askin you trying to get you sanity You gotta hold your ground Can let it ??? Your friends in the heatership While they always dip Left you by yourself stuck up fucked up Behind them bars, the times is hard Thought you was smart Now you losing Jumping around the room giving yourself febreezy Trying all types of suicidal tactics The people walk in and put you in strait jacket Until they free Pimp C I'ma leave it up to U G O K K K To keep it street That's why me and my brother Got Bun B to bounce wit us on this beat [Kane] 23 hours lockdown in a cell Can drive a nigga crazy as hell Looking at four walls Can do nothing at all Got you feeling like a dog in a cage A monkey on the rage And the guard I wanna spit in your face Take the privilege away But keep your head up son be brave Don't let the worries of jail bring you down keep a focus head And gain more knowledge instead I know it's not where you wanna be But take it from me I know everybody love to be free So god dammit free Pimp C I know he ready to hit the street And jumb back to makin beats And I know that nigga miss Bun B So we gon keep it on the G That's comin for my brother and me And we gon be here when you hit the streets We waiting on the date that they free Pimp C [Bun B] D-Roc let me put something on your brain How would you feel if they locked up Kane? Kane how would you feel if they locked up D? Well that's what the fuck happened to me With Pimp C, my right hand My best friend My ace boom coom, man we closer than ken We've been on the grind, holdin it down Till he got caught up in some bullshit, that got him some time Almost lost my mind, started drinkin a fifth a day Couldn't understand why they was takin a pimp away (Why?) We right on the edge, we bout to blow ?????????????? Need to go Sittin in the cell watchin time go pass Lookin at your kids and your momma doin +glass+ If I could turn back time I would of told him keep the glock down But now I pray for the day he may get out 23 hour lock down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo Gotti f/ Bun B, Eightball Album: Gangsta Party 12" Song: Gangsta Party Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com (Come on and get up...oh...party...yeah) *Repeated in background throughout song* [Yo Gotti speaking with ad-libs] This ya boy Yo Gotti Street Tunes Productions We gon' ask everybody to stand up on this one D Boys, this a gangsta party Bun B, Eightball and this ya boy Yo Gotti [Hook - Yo Gotti] All my hot girls bop for me Go 'head and drop for me D Boys rock with me Come buy the bar with me Dime pieces smile for me And all my gangsta niggaz wild for me Throughout the crowd with me [Verse 1 - Eightball] This for them big, thick fine girls, diamond-studded belly ring Niggaz who be flippin' that work, screamin' money ain't no thing Car clean, mouth full of gold with the princess cut rocks in it Back pockets hangin' low because I got a glock in it Straight out of that Memphis, Tenn Orangemound for y'all niggaz don't know Come flip with a pimp, let me show ya how to nuke that swing like I was Nino Premro, Fat Boy, Eightball whatever y'all niggaz wanna call me Call me for a hot sixteen I'ma shine in the booth like a brand new bling But I don't sing I bust them flows that go so tight with the track Bitches get freaky niggaz get crunk and don't know how to act I got the sack roll something, pop that 'gnac and po' it Ya fine bitches pop that puss like ya know it [Hook 2X - Yo Gotti] [Verse 2 - Yo Gotti] I was movin' 'caine just doin' my thang Down here in Memphis where we off the chain Now, turn the top on my sixty-seven class then I'm switchin' lanes I done served a fiend, sipped the lean, twenty-four inches don't cloud my screen Roll candy paint, blowin' purple dank, they claim grip grain but I know they ain't I'm posted in the club, we can get it poppin' Ya violate my gangsta partner then it's bodies droppin' I just come to party, get at shorty head Do my thang, spit some game you know how Gotti play it I'm like all these hoes gon' get it man One of these hoes gon' get it man From the 'Mound to the west to the north to the south Yo Gotti gon' represent it man No fitted man just a head band, Polo shirt and some Birdmans Still thugged out and it ain't no secret I got my paper out the drug zones I got my paper out the gutter man Sellin' bud man with my brother man If you a North Memphis raised during my D Boy days You'd see why Gotti still love the game My wrist, my neck, my ear, my hand, my mouth look like a light show Yo bitch, my bitch, his bitch, her bitch just hit the flo' and get it low [Hook 2X - Yo Gotti] [Yo Gotti] This for all my street niggaz and bitches From M Town to H-Town Free Pimp C, shit [Verse 3 - Bun B] Here we come, we keepin' it trill Ain't no need to ask if you see Ain't nobody gon' keep it triller than me Myself and I that's Bun B I'm a G, I'm a boss, I grip grain and I sip lean I'm ball all out with the biggest G's and spit and throw the sixteen When it come down to the south you know that I'm holdin' the key I be in the Caddy rollin' on women damn near older than me Them screens six inches or better, the stitches in the leather If the trunk is popped it'll show in neon get it together Cuz when I pull up at the valet man Eyes is wide and them jaws is droppin' Steppin' out the freshest clothes, brightest ice man the show is stoppin' People start oohin' me eyein' soon as they see us Women wanna be with us and fellas they wanna be us We the G's and don't try to fight it, got dro and we fixin' light it Laid back and that thang up on us we startin' to get excited I'm ballin' with Yo Gotti and Eightball two of Memphis tightest Cuz we havin' a gangsta party man everyone's invited [Hook 2X - Yo Gotti] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Buck f/ 8 Ball & MJG, Bun B Album: Buck the World Song: Say it to My Face Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Young Buck] I'm sick and tired of these same ol' broke bitches No job, all they wanna do is smoke swishers Get some money ho, why you wanna watch mine? Ain't no tellin what I'm gon' be drivin next time Seven figure nigga, we don't buy the bar no mo' (nah) Pull up the paperwork, tell the owner he can go Walk like a pimp bitch, talk like a soldier I got New York niggaz candy-paintin up they Rovers It say 200 but it go a little over Not the Corvette, the Ferrari Testarosa And we can bet on any point on the dice Pick 'em up, shake 'em twice, get 'em girl, look I'm nice {Dirty South} I'm so clean with my G-Unit kicks on I might be goin in, when Pimp C get home If you don't like me, say it to my face Just because I caught a case don't mean you can't be erased, bitch [Chorus: Young Buck] It must be the ice or the money that I make (yeahhhh) They talk behind my back but they won't say it to my face ho Say it to my face (yeah) say it to my face (yeah) They talk behind my back but they won't say it to my face (yeah) It gotta be these cars or the trips that I take (what) That make 'em wanna hate, won't you say it in my face bitch Say it to my face (yeah) say it to my face (yeah) They talk behind my back but they won't say it to my face (yeah) [Bun B] + {Young Buck} Say nigga you can go anywhere across the U.S. (S) From North to the South, East, Mid to the West Walk up in the hardest hood, ask a nigga 'bout me Bet he'll tell you Bun B is straight motherfuckin G (G) A gangsta from his toes to the top of his fitted Trillest nigga in the flesh (flesh) you can't fuck wit it Got them German handguns, they shoot two-two-threes Bust through your condo ('do) and rip open your knees (open your knees) My nigga please, you don't wanna save your breath By myself, I'ma ride 'til no enemy is left When the middle finger niggaz hit yo' block, like it's urgent Just know the turrets from us cleanin yo' clock, like detergent Buck, they don't think I hear 'em {nigga please} quiet as kept I bet they die before they reach that first motherfuckin step I rep them UnderGround Kingz, fuck boy, Pimp and Bun If it's action that you want, my nigga come get you some (c'mon) [MJG] We pimp type, MJG, I mean Them packin some weight and I ain't talkin 'bout, Creatine Some niggaz they like to talk shit, in the uniform Guess what? Them niggaz still phony as a unicorn And I'll be damned if I run You bust the do', they ran out of guns, man you so dumb Puttin faith in the beach, snitchin on the trap I'm about to put a permanent stitch up in your yap [8 Ball] Ay, all Ball do is smoke weed and get bad bitches Y'all mad at me for that, y'all niggaz some bitches Undercover groupie niggaz with the stop and plead For the last time, I don't smoke regular weed It don't matter where we at mayne, we fire it up Security don't stop the weed man from findin us Industry dick suckers keep runnin your mouth And I'ma give you muh'fuckers somethin to talk about, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Buck f/ Bun B, Smoov Jizzell Album: T.I.P. Song: Thug in the Club Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*glass shatters, man yells*} You've just been cracked, another Smoov Jizzell production Buck and Bun B y'all niggaz can't see this nigga Ca$hville to Texas [Bun B] We snatchin niggaz out they Movada and bitches outta they Prada Get a shot of this Don Dada, keep it hot as Nevada Spot a hater with a lot of plex, make you come to terms with yo'self No matter how you flex, even with a lot of checks It's small change, don't bitch when we step up in y'all range These broke niggaz gon' find a way, we tend to ball strange I'm the king of the block, steady bringin the rock So potent I promise these fiends feel the sting in they socks But see the sun gon' come out tomorrow so when you try to ease away with these cheese today, that you 'bout to borrow with or without the sorrow, me and Buck is down to blast Still smash real fast kill niggaz from Texas to Ca$hville It's suicide, bustin as me is like bustin at you in that, situation who would ride? You if you stupid thug, so if you get shot dead I hope that it's a Cupid slug, that show my crew some love [Chorus: repeat 2X] Now when the thug's in the club and he come to spend some dubs Show that nigga some love, show that nigga some love And for the ones in the back, who be smokin the bud Show them boys some love, show them boys some love [Young Buck] Don't be scared to get your mind blown, nigga where you from If you ain't got nuttin to take home, you need to get you one Ain't nobody got no job party 'til you see the sun When the music stop, lights on, then you know it's done We gon' finish blowin one, 'fore we hit the exit Like whenever I'm with Bun, puttin it down in Texas When there's thugs in the club, ain't nobody restless Niggaz smashin they dubs, showin off they necklace Test this, if you want to, it's somethin you wouldn't wan' do Nigga's bitches chosin niggaz now we got attitude Doin what I have to do whenever it jump off See my niggaz they will catch you and show you who's boss Throw a blow, and get tossed, shit it ain't my fault Niggaz tried to teach lessons ended up gettin taught Ca$hville to New York, ain't nuttin but real thugs So, when you see Buck and Bun B, show us love [Smoov Jizzell] I'm thankin Bun already told ya we ain't nuttin but some killers We come with banana clips, we ain't monkeys we gorillas We chasin the scrilla, I hope you get the picture Bun B done do for the dirty and I'm the mayor of the muddy Shit gon' get bloody and ugly if one of you bitches touch me And pop loud, we ain't in Moscow, bitch why you rushin/Russian? You a hoe-ass nigga and that's the end of the discussion All that cussin and loud bluffing gon' make me get to bustin On my waistline tuckin somethin to quiet all your yuppin I'm a big dog y'all puffin one more peep and I'm muffin When y'all niggaz gon' realize we some young'ns that's thuggin Waitin for bustin just some animals not givin a fuck'n We them niggaz that's clubbin, fightin security jumpin line in V.I.P. while y'all bitch niggaz standin there doin nuttin All my real niggaz throw up your sets and let 'em know When you're thuggin in the club that's how it go - Ca$hville! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy w/ Bun B, Jadakiss, R. Kelly Album: Cold Summer Song: Go Getta (Remix) Typed by: MrGreyGoose [Intro - R. Key & Jizzle] Kelly: Young Jeezyyy Jeezy: Yeah, I can believe dat.. (CTE..) Who else nigga? Kelly: And ya boy, Ke-ehh-ehhh-ells. Jeezy: Okayye!! (Yuh!) 87-32, wha it do? Kelly: Dat's right, keep clappin' yall Jeezy: Kinky, I gotchu hommie! Kelly: Oooh, Oooh, Oooh... Jeezy: Let's get it! [Chorus - R. Key w/ Jeezy ad-libin] You know we trap all day (Oowhh!) play all night (Oowhh!) This is the life of a, the life of a (Aye!) Go getta (Aye!), go getta (Aye!), go getta (Yeeeeeeaah) And in the club you see a bad bitch, point her out (Let's go!) Yeah, you damn right Im'a (Aye), you damn right Im'a (Yuh!) Go get ha (Yuh!), go get ha (Aye!), go get ha (Yeeeeeeaah) (Let's go nigga, lemme talk to 'em!) [Verse 1 - Young Jeezy] First I buss-a-right, then I buss-a-left (G'yeah!) Music so loud I almost went deaf (Talk to em, hommie.. Deammn!) Hit the sweet once and then I hold my breath Smoke every cigarello 'till it ain't none left Got 50 in the clip, 20 grand in my pocket (Yuh!) Money so big, Ionn even need a wallet (Ha-ha!) 72' impala same color as the pills (Woo!) Red, white and blue - the same colla as the bills (Let's go!) Here we go again, it's the mothafuckin' remix Whole car smoked up, now I can't see shit (Nahh!) Heater on my waste, got the sac in the back Got the whole Escalade smellin' like the pack (Yuh!) GO GETT'EM BITCH!! [Verse 2 - Bun B] I'm in the triple black convertable GT Bentley Trill UnderGroundKing, got the Queen right wit me (Yup!) And things right wit me, and dat thang right on me I'm a one-stop-shop and a one man army, wit the F3000 and the F350 Seven send you to heaver fo' bein' so shifty We work up on the triple beam and wait on the 4 way I hit the highway, ya way pimpin' wit my yay - there's no way Dat anybody the scope you and {??} to holla at the effey These streets have me codin' zones these more sessay My seven jizzy james and Pimp C is my friend, so You can take dat to the grave or the bank [Verse 3 - Jadakiss] Unhh!.. Unhh!.. Yo! Niggas is too frail, you either a snake or a new snail My heart as cold as the new jail Everywhere I go they beggin' me But 1 wrong decision can destroy ya legacy (Unh!) Lemme see I can break 'em down and take longer to slow sail (Uh huh!) Im'a chill fo' a minute - sit on 'em and hoe sail 'em Buisness is just fine, none of ya folks tellin' (Unh!) Shouldn't have it any other way when you coke sellin' I don't know wha it is, I guess we was raised different (Yeah!) Blowin' hayes standin' on the couch Roseye drippin' (Haha) Air forces, hard {??}, my lofe sweater D-Block, ya boy 'Kiss is a go getta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy Album: Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 Song: Over Here Typed by: Llow803@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Young Jeezy] We getting money over here what it do pimpin See you boys tipping but you boys ain't tipping Hold up a yeah it's something wrong wit it If the money gon' nigga be the fuck on wit it [Bun B] Don't worry bout what the fuck we smokin over here Don't worry bout what the fuck we drankin over here Don't worry bout who the fuck was standing over here Don't worry bout how the fuck we dancing over here [Young Jeezy] I'm in a new SS and the tag still on it And the pussy niggaz hating cause all the hoes on it She ask me why I looked so mean I said the Benz just boosted up my self-esteem Nigga I'm the shit and if I ain't y'all let me think what think Matter of fact tell the waitress let me drink what I drink Nigga think I ain't No need to brag Man these hoes love Jeezy they just like my swag The way I do my thang I'm just a young ghetto nigga wit a big ass chain [Young Jeezy] If you feeling like a pimp dog gon' brush ya shoulders off I'm trapping lil daddy gon' get them boulders off And I'ma teach you how to stunt As soon as my niggaz roll up these blunts She said she like my domineer Between you and me I think she's digging my Beemer Love the way a lil nigga spit so slick Plus she heard I gotta big dick that's it Yeah put it on me girl Matter of fact tell ya friends put it on me girl Gangsta shit we got dro in the air Bottles of Crist', Grey Goose everywhere [Bun B] I gotta stable full of hoes and a trap full of dealers A house full of bloods and a house full of killers I'm heavy on the streets with a rep long as old Nash I hit a hater wit a heat from a cold gat I'm posted up on a corner like a street light Making sure the money move making sure I eat right Dollar for dollar and dime for dime We out here hustle for hustle, nigga grind for grind We got them nines in a halfs Even them old things grinding on them hash Folding for doe mane We all in the dope game Buying and selling You haters buying and telling But what is my niggaz yelling The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Bun B Album: Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 Song: Trap or Die Typed by: Bellpkbell@aol.com, RedFzn@aol.com [Bun B] Jeezy, I know you ain't gon' let this shit go down like this nigga I'm hearin these niggaz in the club, niggaz soundin like you nigga Bitin your motherfuckin ad-libs, bitin your motherfuckin style nigga What the fuck goin on nigga?  You better check these motherfuckin niggaz mayne, real fuck wit real nigga and these niggaz ain't real out here on these motherfuckin streets nigga Especially these fuck ass industry niggaz mayne Nigga we been doin this shit since ninety-five [Young Jeezy] Last time I checked I was the man on these streets They call me residue, I leave blow in these beats Got diarrhea, now I shit on niggaz (geah) Even when I'm constipated I still shit on niggaz (let's get it) Got some Super Friends in the Legion of Doom Stay blowin purple shit that keep me high like the moon (yeahh) I'm an affiliate, I'm no hitman I'm a hater like you, fuck my wristband Nigga sneak this and, that ain't how we play Fuck with mind, get ya drama like the DJ (that's right) Now tell me I ain't real, this AR that I'm holdin got a gangsta grill Went from old school Chevys, to Beamer coupes Got a hundred niggaz with me and errybody gon shoot (yeahh) Try me nigga, that's your first mistake (ha-ha) Eat your lil' ass up like a chanterelle plate The whole pie like Domino's, yes indeed I'm tryna stack my bacon up, I need extra cheese (hey) You can try dawg, but it ain't easy (nope) Mix the flake with the soda, you got Young Jeezy (damnn) You still wanna talk blow man? Soft white like Alaska, call me snowman (heyy) [Chorus: Young Jeezy] Smoke purp' by the pound, O's by the fifth Re-up on the first then again on the fifth (yeahhh) We trap or die nigga (geah, oh!), we trap or die nigga And these hoes love a nigga cause they know that we the truth Got the Chevy same color Tropicana orange juice (yeahhh) We trap or die nigga (geah, oh!), we trap or die nigga [Young Jeezy] Post on the block, rain, sleet, snow, sunny (sunny) Slow motion, don't nothin move but the money (geah) Trap all day (day), with no lunch breaks (nope) It's dinner time but a gangsta cookin pancakes (ha-ha!) Rubberbands when we wrap them stacks (stacks) Time to ship it outta town, you know Saran's the wrap (yeahhh) Think ahead incase the K-9's get loose (geah) Inner tubes like the tires on my Mongoose (heyy) [Bun B] Yeah, back up in the hood again, where it's all good again Ridin candy slab, grippin on the wood again Outta line niggaz get back in place where you should've been In case you don't understand, I'ma make it understood again King of the underground, my gangsta will never fail You 'bout to make me go postal for fuckin with my mail You got the connect, but you ain't got the clientele You the hoax and niggaz know it, that shit ain't hard to tell Rat bitch, recognize that your cheese ain't been to sales I'm finna break some bread with the feds? You dumb as hell I been around the block before, sold it all from rock to blow And I don't fuck around, when the feds in town I got to go Respect my mind cause I'm a trill old schooler Summer time get too hot, I wait for winter when its cooler U.G.K. for life, free the Pimp, you know the deal In P.A.T. it's Trap or Die and we ain't down for gettin killed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Bun B, Gucci Mane Album: Trap or Die 2 (S) Song: Trap or Die 2 Typed by: AZ Lyrics Jeezy, I know you ain't gon' let this shit go down like this nigga I'm hearin' these niggaz in the club, niggaz soundin' like you nigga Bitin' your motherfuckin' ad-libs, bitin' your motherfuckin' style nigga What the fuck goin' on nigga? You better check these motherfuckin' niggaz, mayne Real fuck with real nigga and these niggaz Ain't real out here on these motherfuckin' streets nigga Especially these fuck ass industry niggaz mayne Nigga we been doin' this shit since ninety-five Last time I checked I was the man on these streets They call me residue, I leave blow in these beats Got diarrhea flow, now I shit on niggaz, geah Even when I'm constipated I still shit on niggaz, let's get it Got some Super Friends in the Legion of Doom Stay blowin' purple shit that keep me high like the moon Yeah, I'm an affiliate, I'm no hitman I'm a hater like you, fuck my wristband Nigga sneak this and that ain't how we play Fuck with mind, get ya drama like the DJ, that's right Now tell me I ain't real, this AR that I'm holdin' got a gangsta grill Went from old school Chevys to Beamer coupes Got a hundred niggaz with me and everybody gon' shoot, yeah Try me nigga, that's your first mistake Eat your lil' ass up like a chanterelle plate The whole pie like Domino's, yes indeed I'm tryna stack my bacon up, I need extra cheese, hey You can try dawg but it ain't easy, nope Mix the flake with the soul, you got Young Jeezy, damn You still wanna talk blow man? Soft white like Alaska, call me snowman Smoke purp' by the pound, O's by the fifth Re-up on the first then again on the fifth, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga And these hoes love a nigga 'cause they know that we the truth Got the Chevy same color Tropicana orange juice, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga Post on the block, rain, sleet, snow, sunny Slow motion, don't nothin' move but the money, geah Trap all day, day, with no lunch breaks, nope It's dinner time but a gangsta cookin' pancakes Rubberbands when we wrap them stacks Time to ship it outta town, you know Saran's the wrap, yeah Think ahead in case the K-9's get loose, geah In the tubes like the ties on my Mongoose, hey Smoke purp' by the pound, O's by the fifth Re-up on the first then again on the fifth, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga And these hoes love a nigga 'cause they know that we the truth Got the Chevy same color Tropicana orange juice, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga Yeah, back up in the hood again, where it's all good again Ridin' candy slab, grippin' on the wood again Outta line niggaz get back in place where you should've been In case you don't understand, I'm a make it understood again King of the underground, my gangsta will never fail You 'bout to make me go postal for fuckin' with my mail You got the connect but you ain't got the clientele You the hoax and niggaz know it, that shit ain't hard to tell Rat bitch, recognize that your cheese ain't been to sales I'm finna break some bread with the feds? You dumb as hell I been around the block before, sold it all from rock to blow And I don't fuck around when the feds in town I got to go Respect my mind 'cause I'm a trill old schooler Summer time get too hot, I wait for winter when it's cooler U.G.K. for life, free the Pimp, you know the deal In P.A.T. it's trap or die and we ain't down for gettin' killed Smoke purp' by the pound, O's by the fifth Re-up on the first then again on the fifth, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga And these hoes love a nigga 'cause they know that we the truth Got the Chevy same color Tropicana orange juice, yeah We trap or die nigga, geah, oh, we trap or die nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yukmouth f/ Bun-B, E-Roc Album: Godzilla Song: What it Do Typed y: SanEThERipstA@aol.com [Hook] I hit the club with a crew of niggaz What it do nigga, what it do nigga You wanna fight, I wanna shoot a nigga What it do nigga, what it do nigga You disrespect me I'ma bruise a nigga What it do nigga, what it do nigga Think I'm a punk, come and prove it nigga What it do nigga, what it do nigga [Bridge] Fuck a hoe nigga, fuck a hoe nigga Fuck a hoe nigga, fuck a hoe nigga Fuck a bitch nigga, fuck a bitch nigga Fuck a bitch nigga, fuck a bitch nigga [E-Roc] Fall in the club crunk, drunk and I'm feeling good Bouncin and throwin bows, clownin and reppin the hood Start somethin boy I wish a muh fucka would Run up on me, I'ma show you it ain't all good Nigga we stay crunk in the club Remy and Hpnotiq keep us drunk in the club 9 milli's and 40 cal's tucked in the club E-Roc don't give a fuck, I will bust in the club What it do, I will murder you chumps You feeling like "Kriss Kross" then bitch nigga "Jump" Uhh, left hook, right cross gone drop ya All upside yo head with Champagne and Heinekin bottles What it do my nigga we can thug it out Mac 11's, AK's we can slug it out I give a fuck about a bitch nigga and his crew Let's tear the club up bitch nigga what it do [Hook] [Yukmouth] What it do, bitch.. 6-5 Villa, 6-9 Villa, bonified killas We supply the villas, West side nigga Recognize the reala, I'd die for my scrilla, surprise niggaz! I let the led bust, niggaz step yo bread up Talk shit til I'm fed up and get yo fuckin head bust They throwin elbows dog I'm throwin bottles at em My nigga just got parolled, I threw a model at em Beef? I holla at em, with semi automatic weapons Fuck what you stressin, get lit up wit AK 47's I "Ryde or Die" like "Swizz Beatz" So miss with the bullshit, all these bullets gone turn yo ass to swiss cheese Don't check me nigga check yo bitch I hit niggaz with bar stools like a western flick Test the click and get whooped on, look at me worng and get hooked on The Art of War, I read the book on [Hook] [Bridge] [Bun-B] Alright you punk pussy ass niggaz get the fuck up out my way I've been havin a bad year, fuck havin a bad day They gave my right hand 8, the mutha fuckin state My team is fallin off so now these niggaz wanna hate I can see it in they eyes, I hear it in they songs They just frontin like some pea cocks, too god damn long For the record let me say it, so hoe don't get it crossed Tryin to take the crown from the king, you gone take a fuckin loss A V.I.P. nigga get in clubs through back do's Strap in hand, I run up in the dance flo' and smack hoes Pistol whip security, put hands on the owner Kick the DJ in his face and slap his ass with a Corona I dragged the bar tender cross the stage til he passed out The first nigga touch me mayne I'm knockin his ass out Say Yuk hold his right arm, E-Roc hold his left Keep him up, don't let him fall, I'm bout to beat this bitch to death [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung Joc f/ Bun B, Young Dro Album: Hustlenomic$ Song: I'm a G Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Yung Joc] Is that right? (Block... E-N-T hoe!) Hustlenomic$ A G is what a G does nigga My momma told me that (E-N-T hoe!) Dro, Bun B, Yung Joc (BLOCK~!) let's go I'm the seventh letter of the alphabet (I'm a G) And in my pocket it ain't ever nuttin less (than a G) And if your bitch fucked me she fucked the rest (she'll G) Cause I'ma (A-B-C-D-E-F-G) [Yung Joc] You can catch me in the A, check my DNA What can I say? I'm a G one hundred percent all the way The block on lock, just like the chain gang The Gustlenomic$ piece back and forth when the chain swang I'm blowin grandaddy just so I can maintain I'm a G and I'll tell your bitch the same thang Middle finger to ya pussies, nigga no shame '77 Chevelle, same color cocaine In ninety-two Ball and 'G were playin in the deck Out with the younguns nigga, get money and respect You and that name droppin get you and your mans wet Nigga I'm a G, now who the fuck you think you playin with? [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Young Dro] This your boy Young Dro right here You know I'm a G~! Ay look Pull up on the scene, bitch I'm cleaner than chlorine Block star comin, I'm proud of sellin codeine Shoot a nigga ER from off the street, no beam Work for my cousin down in Florida named Doreen All I want is some mo' cream, my wrist on Jack Frost Tell 'em again they see it man my wrist on Jack Frost I ain't gotta say how much the motherfuckin Vette cost Thirty inches touchin on the Escalade, 'llac cost Bitch I'm from the projects you can miss me wit that rap talk Catch me up on Section Road, tearin up the asphault Took a lot if cash and bought, jewelry, 'scuse me Eights on the dump make it hard to turn steering Swingin on them niggaz swear I gotta feel some fury Trappin at the hotel you can catch me at the jewelry A general and surely, man I'm sittin pearly I got this shit locked, tell momma don't worry [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Bun B] You see me hop out of a oh-eight, somethin on 24's Rockin the newest earrings, some next seasons clothes I guess that's the reason hoes stop drop tuck and roll Like an inferno, they turn over and suck the pole I'm so fuckin cold I give a polar bear frostbite You see my jewelry and you know what it cost right? You see my toolery it's bigger than your arm so No tomfoolery and you won't see the bomb blow Need a bomb hoe, Yung Joc got the work I need some bomb 'dro, "Best Thang Smokin'" got the purp' Let me hear them on the church, and orchestrate a rendezvous We meet some boppers, bottles, and don't forget the bombay too Who, you know who's keepin it trilla Just name any thug, gangster, soldier, or gorilla I snatch him up by his shoulders and strip off his stripes Cause when you trill you don't trip off the height, that ain't my type [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Z-Ro f/ Pimp C, Spice 1 Album: Power Song: Murder'Ra Typed by: Lil Hustle [Pimp C] Uh, the damn place made me crazy I don't care about nothing but my daddy my granny, my bitch and my babies Everything else, is expendable Find out that fake niggaz, ain't dependable I don't owe, you niggaz shit bitch Home light weight but my style great, now my pockets is the shit Now it's time, for expansion Bought a nice house for parole, now I'm grind up building a mansion I'm a rapper, and a game capper Blue and red like a snapper, got a thang for them pussy ass jackers That ain't, no real hustle Get some white gold or work it, and getting some real muscle bitch If you want it, you can sho 'nuff get it Made me bust your watermelon, come on down fuck with it Everybody, ain't no punk I'm talking to you now boy, don't make me go and pop the trunk biatch [Hook] Everyday, me keep it sucker free Me not fuck with nobody, so why do them fuck with me Don't test me temper, make me have to watch me cool Mack buyacka-buyacka, I didn't wanna act a fool But I'm a murderer, murderer I'm a murderer, murderer [Spice 1] It's Mr. Bossilinie, rolling up busting with real riders Drop them b-b-bombs, like I'm up in Al Qida Cause I'm a murderer, put it on you haters for real Hit a nigga with the 4-5, get to dumping slugs all in his Caddy grill Smoke chronic for my glaucoma, yeah I said glaucoma I got a motherfucking glock, and I put niggaz in comas Hit corners on 24's, waving hi at your hoes With bald heads braids, perms and afros I'm caked up like Duncan Hi, but I'm not your average do' boy I autograph a slug, and put you on the flo' boy It's the Spiceberg Slim, Soprano Montana minds I done been through the flames, walked through the motherfucking fire They can never, put my flame out And if I wasn't high, I'd pull your motherfucking brains out murderer [Hook] [Z-Ro] Everyday I label my loot, leaving you ladies lonely I don't love pussy, I just love to murder these niggaz when they walk up on me Y'all don't know me, some of y'all rappers think y'all know me This nigga right here don't give a fuck though, so I suggest you hoes step back What I got in my pants is called a, that's too big to fit in a holster gat Straight from where niggaz sell that mad crack, just ran him over crack It ain't no love in Missouri City, my partna I know it look nice A 4-5 fuck around, hit a nigga you'll get took twice Might get beat up and robbed, or you might get beat up and shot It all depend on what you riding in, and if it look like you got a lot or not I use to think I'd have a future, playing basketball But lately all I been doing, is putting people in caskets y'all Am I sorry hell naw, if I sent him he was already on his way When the grim reaper swing by, it'll make you wish your ass was home today Fuck with me I'ma hit up Spice, it ain't a thang to tap the trigger twice Brrr-click brr-click, they sideways into the next life [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Z-Ro f/ Bun B, P.O.P. Album: I'm Still Livin Song: Remember Me Typed by: Lil Hustle (*talking*) Hell yeah nigga, ay yo [Z-Ro] Remember me, when I use to write my rhymes in class At Dick Dall Middle School, all them niggaz would laugh Telling me I would never make it, cause I rap too fast I was desperately trying to find out, how to go from scraps to cash Remember, how y'all use to chase me home from school Just cause I sported corduroy britches, and Pro Wing shoes I use to have a lunch card, cause them times was hard Since the seven people living in one house, with no cars in the yard I remember stressing so hard, I couldn't keep my focus My only love was for extras, and overs Fuck all you niggaz, don't make me slap the fuck out all you niggaz If it ain't related to making paper, I ain't calling you niggaz I bet Mo City remember, when I took it over with rapping 51-11 Ridgevan, moving that crack bitch I was stacking Residuals redeemingly, I was raw mayn raw caine Rapidly running my neighborhood, I was the law mayn 'Member when I dropped my first album, in '98 Fucking with Herman Fisher, but now that nigga hate me he's a cake Suppose to be mad at me, tal'n bout I owe him some change Nigga just mad cause they can't eat with me, I eat with Lil' James Rap-A-Lot Mafia my man, y'all remember the Maab This isn't Den-Den and Z-Ro, y'all better remember the squad Two different labels but the same cable, remember we connected Woodfair to Missouri City, two block of Screwed Up Texas [Hook - 2x] Remember me, I'm the one they laughed at in all my classes They use to rank on my low budget clothes, and my glasses Remember me, the same one they use to call egghead Now I play with fed bread, and sleep on Gucci bed spreads [P.O.P.] I remember the winters in the hood, no heat cold nights No gas no lights, a ghetto low life So my flow twice as strong, from the memories I remember when my closest homies, turned to enemies See niggaz tend to be, down when your bread up But when you in the quicksand, they frown cause your legs stuck Yeah I remember that, so you remember this Hard times be my fuel, so I ain't finna quit I vividly, R-E-M-E-M-B-E-R Craig up in the E-R, bloody getting CPR So before, the reaper come and turn me to a memory I endlessly spit the heat, for the people to remember me Me P.O.P., so many forgot bout But not I, this for those who remember little Popeye And I remember hot guys, ridiculed the flow Now I'm front and center nigga, haters finna do me so [Hook - 2x] [Bun B] Shit I remember back in the game, it was tough No matter what a nigga had, it was never enough See if I had five I wanted ten, and if I had ten I wanted twenty Fuck having some, shit I wanted plenty Back in the gap, when I first hit the block With my first 25, and a hand full of rocks Posted up at Samantha house on the West, on the porch Ready to give my nigga some work, or give him the torch I remember telling my T, I wasn't going to college And was headed to the streets, to get the rest of my knowledge That broke her heart, and for that I had to go So I went from the sidelines, to starring in the show Everything came slow, and nothing came fast Most times I was out of luck, and dead on my ass But with the heart of a hustler, and the mind of a G I came up, now I'm something to see Bun B [Hook - 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Z-Ro f/ Bun B Album: Meth Song: Ro and Bun Typed by: Lil Hustle [Hook - 2x] When we in the club, we got guns You don't wanna run up, on that Z-Ro and that Bun Shit talkers, get a hole in they tongue Shake your hand or crack your head, boy we don't bar none hold up [Z-Ro] Sharp as a razor blade, bitch don't step on my shoes You out your mind, thinking I won't pull out this weapon on you Phoenix Amare gators hater, yeah I'm stepping on you So you better have at least, a 3-57 on you Your woman is in the club, to show me love That's why you mean mugging me bro, but I don't give a fuck Don't let this suit fool ya, cause I was raised to grub All that touchy-feely shit, the quickest way you get fucked up I know you feeling real good, you full of that sherm and alcohol But it ain't nothing friendly about me, I am not your pal at all Unless you Rochelle and do nails, with them thick ass thighs Otherwise I'ma leave a cereal bowl hole, in y'all bitch ass guys [Hook - 2x] [Bun B] It was the summertime, and Bun is down to mack a hoe (hoe) You know I graduated, from my pimping class in '94 So the sco' already known, before the game is played Trill niggaz is getting paid, bitch niggaz is getting sprayed Layed down, like a sheet on the bed With that heat to your head, I split you from the white meat to the red And from the red meat to the bone, when I hit your street with the chrome Bitch you best to beat your feet, and get gone But if haters I find that hid (hid), and think they got away with what they did Prepare for your bitch ass, to get slid Put that on my mama (mama), I put on for my town Put that thang up to yo' melon, and put your ass in the ground hol' up [Hook - 2x] [Z-Ro] I don't really wanna do it take some pictures, and sign some auto-ma-graphs Find a lil' bit of love for after the club, and put this rod on her ass So I might be up and down your boulevard, picking up your baby mama mayn And you already know I'm strapped, best thang for you to do save the drama mayn I'm an asshole by nature, by my god damn self I don't love see war this bitch, I only love my god damn wealth Behind respect I go to war, cause I'm a fool in this bitch I'm ready to work I'm a mechanic, I got my tools in this bitch From Mo City to Port Arthur, we all underground kings Meet me in Mo City, and I'll show you what underground mean I got a rifle size hand cannon, gat in the club Murder your ass tonight, tomorrow I'll be back in the club for real [Hook - 2x] 