The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: Enter the Wu-Tang Typed by: Tha Masta * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php "Gotta get that, all the way" (3.5X) [RZA] Provider of the blow, yo enter the Wu-Tang crew with verses that curses dudes like Tal Bo Designed by the mastermind on the mic (Ohh, We Love You Rakeem) Yea girl aight Recite to his vidals to idol my title There's no survival for any rival Check it check it, my style is perfected I attack when y'all least it expect it Corel pounds fouls with the Shaolin style Puff the White Al's then break wild Wild wild west, oh yes I suggest ya bop to the beat, release all ya stress I got the proper hip-hop to rock ya Enter with the Wu-Tang flow, call a doctor But there's no sickness, only rhyme inflictness and a slang that seems to be addictive I got the new rocks, get on Shorty Doo Wop Love the baracud', come on dance on the block So go and do your thang and let me du my thang RZA puts the bang, Enter the Wu-Tang [Chorus: RZA, (sample)] Can you Wu, Wu-Tang? (MY GOD!) Can you Wu, Wu-Tang? (MY GOD!) Can you Wu, Wu-Tang? (MY GOD!) Can you Wuuu-Tang (MY GOD!) [RZA] Those who try to oppose me or even overthrow me I'm takin more falls than Wild E. Coyote You can't snag me, rag-tag or bag me I'd have your ass runnin like Scooby-Doo and Shaggy Make decisions, to what? 'Catch that pigeon' But I escape right from your fuckin vision Blasted, as I mastered you bastards You tried to be slick like Dastard, Dick Dastard I got the remedy to kill off my enemies Carry two guns all my time like Yosemite Sam, god damn, my style is mad flam I SLAM! That's the kind of man that I am The black butterfly, what a guy! What a guy! Rhymes of harmony like a soft lullabye So give a SUUUUUU! Real love's gettin Power-U In ninety-two, Enter the Wu [Chorus 2X] [Outro: RZA] Yea, the Wu-Tang Clan, somethin new in ninety-two Comin through with the Fatal Flying Guillotines So Protect Ya Neck Power Equality, Allah Cee's Everything That means peace.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: Wu-Tang Master Typed by: Tha Masta * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php [Chorus: Kung Fu samples] You would do anything to get all of the Wu-Tang sword styles! 	The Wu-Tang sword style (2X) [RZA] Yo, enter the dragon, the kid I'm for baggin Whip them now it's time to start raggin Victim's two for this if they got the proper Step up please to play the Ra, shut Head first that's the wrong blow to throw Jump fit now step what you dead You arouse the anger, the Wu-Tang slanga That diga-diga-danger Just go on the issue and make me wanna get a tissue Dismiss you, put it to your head and dismiss you for your weak rhyme proposal, I just froze you cuz you chose to play me for a softy I freeze so many MC's they ought to call me frosty Not sho man, no man is a slow man I be makin dough like the Pillsbury dough man and burnin MC's is all natural Be like cabby and go up and laugh at you and while he laughin I be bombin Calmin, alarmin sound that be bombin MC's like a group of Killa Beez No one in the world make rhymin trilogies Slick majestic but you can past the Prince Rakeem is the Wu-Tang Master [Chorus 4X] [RZA] Kick to the tragic, rabic, tactic of rappin you bastard and prepare your casket Death is the finally step when y'all step to intercept the rep of the brother who has kept his status, stop the madness, that is I'm not the gladest, the baddest the phattest but Rakeem is the cleanest but Rakeem is the CREAM when it comes to my team Know what I mean? Past imperial, bust my itereria I blow from Bolivia to Nigeria Just to know that black, y'all could know that Me bein wack is like naps on Kojack Non-existent, ya keep ya distance You wanna battle? Bring assistance Proxy, moxy, groups of troupers Pullin super duper, wanna step to ya Pass the stereo, king with the venerial Here's the imperial I fucked up my stereo You pop your glocks and watch the Fort Knox Why not? I got flavor like Dr. Butterscotch You can't hang with the slang I register Now you wanna make a replica but you could never past the Prince Rakeem, the Wu-Tang Master [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard (featuring the Rza) Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Cuttin' Headz Typed by: OHHLA.com Here it is Where's it at? In the back Got a stack The Dirty Bastard Yo you Bastard flip the phat track Here I go, here I go, whether friend whether foe Let them know that I flow over the rainbow Hit the deck Aw, yep, (ch-ch plow) from the Tek, takin heads, takin necks What the fuck they expect? I don't know I don't care I won't fall I won't stare at a ho, less I know that I'm going to the mo- T-t-tel, cause I'm lousy, technique is drowsy Stop tryin to foul me Sayin that we're lousy But I'm a tyrant, defiant, walkin New York Giant President of the Wu But I'm also a client It's the Wu, what, you knew what, you do what, what, who, what, what I don't give a flying fuck About a chump, cause this heart only pumps Kool-Aid Snatch a kid by the braids, and cut his head off Rhymes is rugged like burnt buildings in Harlem The Ol Dirty Bastard from the Temple of Shaolin Dirty to the brain like drops of acid rain Clang, clang, clang, rhymes pluckin at your brain So take a sip from the cup of death And when you're shaking my right hand, I'll stab you with the left (Whirr whirr whirrr!) Red alert! Red alert! Ason comin straight from the dirt Once I go berzerk, mad brothers got hurt Nuthin new in ninety-two It's time to do the work Trails of vatos scream once I hop on the scene And fear the return of the fatal flying guillotine Mr. Milli, that means I'm also militant Don't wear no suit and tie, I'm no gentleman Gettin laid, takin heads, that's my hobby Punch a brother in the face who call me Robbie I be the RZA, call me that cuz-I Never liked the name I recieved from my poppa Dirty deluxe, yo, I'm huntin for ducks Snatchin devils up by the hair, then cut his head off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: Problemz Typed by: Tha Masta * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php [woman] I'm sick doc, when can you help me?   My mind's thinkin bout shit I don't wanna think about [doc] Pssh.. that's yo' problem [Chorus 4X: sample *singing*] Comfort me, you are this and that You are this and that [RZA] Yo, check out yo.. I never listen to the things that my brother keeps tellin me Hittin up thoroughly cuz my dreams are deep felony Brothers on the beat have me high as I'm Brighton be My legend on the verge of convertin me Poppa be tellin me what I should be Grand dad talks up things that I could be Friends are finicky what I'm gonna be When no one ever asked me, what I wanna be A teenager house keep arresting me, big head and brothers keep testin me I don't understand, the way my bothers lovin me Outter world pushin me, inner world shoving me No tape out but my friends keep provokin me Commotion is constantly chokin me Havin nightmares with guilt that is hurtin me Tryin to avod this crab girl that is wantin me Somebody help me, I've gotta be free of the trouble of society, I have problems [Chorus 3X] [RZA] Now they got me out buggin, strung out on crack Be gettin discriminated because I'm black My house once was a mansion but now it's a shack My best friend talked about me, behind my back Things would change, I thought that at first, right? Time goes on, things got worst Poppa now drinking, and he hit me When I relayed it to my girl, she quit me Tryin to make a better way but it keeps holdin me Deadly bomb, now she is schoolin me My brother fightin me, neighbor dog bitin me What is goin down? No one is invitin me Be put into the parcel , it's not healin me Broke as sex and it's killin me I was a good citizen now I'm a leech Get some other girl to increase my grief My mom said that she better off without me No girl, no friends, who cares about me? Grand dad is mad, about to have a heart attack Grandma is worried, she may think I'm on crack I could collapse but I could feel myself Come to the conclusion, maybe I should kill myself You see what I'm going through? I have problems, what can I do? [Chorus 4X] [RZA] I go to sleep to keep my mind from my sorrow Hopin it'll be a new and better day tomorrow and as I sleep, I dream, rearrangin, changin all bad things The light is clear, my thoughts flushed loose Things that I do well I put it to use I rap, I write, I co' rock the mic I do things good cuz it's things that I like So I make the demo tape with my voice on track Took it to Melquan, he sent it back With a note attached sayin he admired me Made me a contract and then hired me Now I'm makin records, everybody praise me Do I get scooped man? It doesn't phaze me My rep is known all on the town I once was lost but now I'm found Put the pen to the fullest, brand new attitude To those who helped me, I give my gratitude Have a new girl, new friends, new ways Could pass the gun now I have a new thing It is true we all have problems Well reach deep down inside of yourself and you'll solve those problems... [Chorus to fade] [RZA] Divine Prince Master Rakeem Allah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: It's All About Me Typed by: Tha Masta * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php [Intro: RZA] Me.. me [Chorus 4X: RZA] (It's all about who?) It's all about me [RZA] Booga booga bang! Yo Enter the Wu-Tang Clan Get a god damn, yes I am the man and I'm gonna blow, make mad dough Girls sweat me cuz I've got the flow Not the one to front when it comes to a stunt I be quotin books like brothers smoke blunts and do what you got to do, hold your own Don't try to pass me just Pass the Bone I get slam just as the hit rams See? A girl flipped hands cuz she wanted to jam I told her, "Yo be on your very way I'm not gonna be your's, I won't beg you to stay" Hey, what's the hardest thing about it? Like De La Soul Between me, myself and I, it's a small world I have to figure out, what is life about It's all about me! [Chorus 4X] [RZA] Here I come, here I come with the Wu-Tang drum It ain't no fun if I don't get none So I got mines, you better get your's When it comes to Kim's, you better get your's Ooh, kind of frisky, could this be it? Risky I pull stings on you, like girls hit me The incredible, talk unforgettable Talk what I do, chew when I walk On Pillsbury dough, I'm hittin like a hoe Forty-five, then I strike like lightnin bolts in the sky, right for your eye I chop off the head of the guy that despise First to merk me meets the controversy Who'll be the first MC to try and curse me? Watch watch watch watch me knock him out and tell him what it's about, it's all about me [Chorus 4X] [RZA] Master of the Wu-Tang, here I am again About to ill again, kill 'em with my pen Check 'em check 'em, watch me as I wreck 'em Brothers jump up like a straw as I disect 'em I was all wild when I fouled your whole style The crowd gets wild in the Isle, then I bow Gotta have it, see a mic, I grab it Here's a fat ass, fast I gotta stab it Hanky panky, the rap suckers thank me So many brides, I end up with a blank G See? I'm not the one to be played Got a gun now I'm not afraid Quick to put a savage in the grave The behavior possessed by the nature Population causes me to be a slayer So I walk around takin devils out and show 'em what it's about, me [Chorus to fade w/ variations] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: After the Laughter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Tha Masta * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php [Chorus 2X: (sampled)] Laughter, laughter, laughter comes healthy tears [RZA] Check the script, me and my boys get it ripped Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip Had a box, 'Boom Boom' the bass would blast We was laughing, at all the girls that passed Conversation, brothers had begin to discuss (Hey yo, Ra, remember that kid ya bust?) Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh HA Not knowin, exactly what lied ahead My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer Didn't expect, to come across, a crazy gunner "Hey Shorty, check it for the bag and the dough" But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!!" Money splattered him, BOW! then he snatched the bag In his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave. Girls screamin, the noise up and down the block (Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!) I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet I saw the blood, all over, the hot concrete I picked him up, then I held him by his head His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was... Aw man! How do I say goodbye? It's always the good ones who have to die Memories in the corner of my mind Flashbacks, I was laughin all the time I taught him, all about the bees and birds But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words [Ghostface Killah] Me and my man, my ace Big Moe from the shelter About to hit the skins, from this girl named Thelma Now Thelma had a rep, that was higher than her neck Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed Three o'clock in the morning, something gots to give Moe said "Here go first", I said "I'll take next Here, take this raincoat, and practice safe sex" He seemed to ignore, I said be for real She's not even worth it, to go raw deal A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do He got butt-naked, hoppin in the Power-U Twenty minutes went by, Moe went out, without a doubt I'm not pumpin' up, I am, airin out Hey yo, he came out laughing with glory I'm surprised, he's still livin', to tell his story But he carried on, with the same old stuff with Stephanie, like a whammy, he pressed his luck Don't try to be down with O.P.P. Ain't nuttin' wrong but he got caught with the H.I.V. now No life to live, doc says two more years So after the laughter, I guess comes the tears [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape Song: Bring Da Ruckus (Demo Version) Typed by: Cno Evil Intro: [Rza] Bring da bring da muthafuckin' ruckus! En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style Chorus: RZA Bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da motherfuckin ruckus Verse One: Raekwon the Chef Somethin' new from my real live raps and so catch this, While I kick a verse like chapters. I'm all of that, proceed with the militant act  With the rugged Timberlands or with boots that's black! But on the real, I'm cold like blue steel. Out to catch a hit and make a mil...[CHILL!] Maintain yourself black! You're strappin' all of that! But you ain't got shit in this shack Jack!!! That's my word! I'm used to beef and I can eat it mad raw, And pick it out my gold teeth! But yo! Back to the subject, Wu's tryin' ta get wrecked yo Pass the weed thru your shit god mic check! Need a little meth yo true!!! Back to me flippin' you and your so called zoo! You got nothin' on a nigga from Staten,  A drunk monk, smokin' mad skunk and stackin'! I didn't need rap shit to get me on, I was a crimey, Drivin' a Benz hearin' my man's song. And when shit gone broke out, everybody got smoked out, And cops drove the wrong route! Don't act evil and possess to hurt me, 40 gunz be flowin' in ya face, Who want's some!!! Chorus Verse Three: Inspectah Deck I rip it hardcore, like porno-flick bitches I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin Bust this, I'm kickin like Segall, Out for Justice The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue Murder one, my style shot ya knot like a stun-gun I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown By this nasty ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA Charged like a bull and got pull like a trigga So bad, stabbin up the pad with the vocab, crab I scream on ya ass like your dad, bring it on... Chorus Verse Four: The Genius/GZA Yo, I'm more rugged than slaveman boots New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops I break loops, and trample shit, while I stomp! A mudhole in that ass, cause I'm straight out the swamp Creepin up on site, now it's Fright Night My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous And more deadly than the stroke of an axe Choppin through ya back *swish* Givin bystanders heart-attacks Niggas try to flip, tell me who is him I blow up his fuckin prism Make it a vicious act of terrorism You wanna bring it, so fuck it Come on and bring the ruckus And I provoke niggaz to kick buckets I'm wettin CREAM, I ain't wettin fame Who sellin gain, I'm givin out a deadly game It's not the Russian it's the Wu-Tang crushin Roulette, slip up and get fucked like Suzette Bring da fuckin ruckus... Chorus So bring it on...(X7)  punk nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Demo Tape * Song: The Wu is Comin' Through Typed by: Tha Masta, EzekiellI@aol.com * http://www.wutang-corp.com/media/downloads.php [RZA] Yeah, yeah, check the flavor of this Yo see my pinky? See my thumb? See my fist? Ya better get the hell outta here [RZA & Ol' Dirty Bastard] Help me Rhonda, help help me Rhonda [RZA] This is the Wu-Tang Clan, we wanna bomb ya [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Brothas get petro when Ason appears When I step into your atmos', here comes the fear Can I get riggy-diggy-raw, huh? Man! Who's knows your shields, yes the man I am Which means I'm clean, another slang on your brain Forget about all that handy flocks and chains I'm popular, straight from the opera I rocks on a nigga cuz I'm about ta Blow up! With the jaws, the party I'm in there Ya step to the Shaolin, throw the blunt to the rear What time is it? It's time to whip the whip Mad difference to the pockets, feelin legit cuz when I come out this way, I don't play to put a brother away, Chk-BLAOW! Blown away Give it to ya raw, my style is hardcore Don't funk the jaw, Wu-Tang jaw Shit is about to get funky in here I die for this cuz you're shot when I'm there Whoever's with me, you better step with me Right now, if not, another beat down [Chorus 9X: RZA] The Wu is comin through! [RZA] Yo it might sound dramatic, I'm a rap fanatic The mic is a habit, I gots to grab it Whipped it, flipped it then I sticked it Enter my pocket once I've rocked it Sound is known as the high sin dome Like smoke from a blunt when it enters the dome The deliver the method to improve my effort of my flow when I got buckwild with the record MC's laid up, they heard my flavor Got a bomb whip like my next door neighbor Never the effect of 28 got me paranoid Girls are somethin I can't avoid Gimme gimme gimme, I stay when I'm simmy but I won't say a gift without somethin on my Jimmy This is the slicksta when I gets ya sister Flipped ya, hit her then I'm quick ta Live New York with a two dime talk Then who keeps walkin through the Times speed talkin Those who hit the, flow seems to get ya Hit you and then Big Prince come and stick ya and I'll be havin you, runnin up the Avenue My rhymes that be grabbin you and beats that be stabbin you Some fail to fuckin voodoo, the drunken monk If it ain't loud enough, pop ya trunk [Chorus 9X] [Outro: RZA] So what you gonna do? "Wu-Tang crew" -> Ol' Dirty Bastard *cut and scratched a few times* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Bring Da Ruckus Typed by: OHHLA.com [Intro] Shaolin shadowboxing, and the Wu-Tang sword style If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me? En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style [Chorus: RZA] Bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin ruckus Bring da motherfuckin ruckus [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] Ghostface, catch the blast of a hype verse My glock bursts, leave in a hearse, I did worse I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk Ya head rush, fly like Egyptian musk Aw shit, Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks an' However, I master the trick just like Nixon Causin terror, quick damage ya whole era Hardrocks is locked the fuck up, or found shot P.L.O. style, hazardous, cause I wreck this dangerous I blow sparks like Waco, Texas [Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef] I watch my back like I'm locked down, hardcore Hittin sound, watch me act bugged, and tear it down A literate type asshole, songs goin gold, no doubt and you watch a corny nigga fold Yeah, they fake and all that Carryin gats but yo, my Clan Rollin like forty Macs Now ya act convinced, I guess it makes sense Wu-Tang, yo sewwwwwwwww, represent I wait for one to act up Now I got him backed up Gun to his neck now, react what? And that's one in the chamber Wu-Tang banger, 36 styles of danger [Verse Three: Inspectah Deck] I rip it hardcore, like porno-flick bitches I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin Bust this, I'm kickin like Segall, Out for Justice The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue Murder one, my style shocks ya knot like a stun-gun I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown By this nasty ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA Charged like a bull and got pull like a trigga So bad, stabbin up the pad with the vocab, crab I scream on ya ass like your dad, bring it on... [Verse Four: The Genius/GZA] Yo, I'm more rugged than slaveman boots New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops I break loops, and trample shit, while I stomp! A mudhole in that ass, cause I'm straight out the swamp Creepin up on site, now it's Fright Night My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous And more deadly than the stroke of an axe Choppin through ya back *swish* Givin bystanders heart-attacks Niggas try to flip, tell me who is him I blow up his fuckin prism Make it a vicious act of terrorism You wanna bring it, so fuck it Come on and bring the ruckus And I provoke niggaz to kick buckets I'm wettin CREAM, I ain't wettin fame Who sellin gain, I'm givin out a deadly game It's not the Russian it's the Wu-Tang crushin Roulette, slip up and get fucked like Suzette Bring da fuckin ruckus... So bring it on...(X7)  punk nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Shame on a Nigga Intro: Raekwon the Chef [martial arts movie sample] Yeah, yo, aight Pass the meth! (nizzuh nzza punk nigguh, yeah!) Yeah, aight kick the raw style, yeah Fly that fuckin sack Chorus: Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga Wu buck wild with the trigger! Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga Wu buck- I FUCK yo' ass up! What? (HUT ONE, HUT TWO, HUT THREE, HUT!) Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard, Method Man, Raekwon the Chef Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut! Styles unbreakable, shatterproof To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot! BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't fuck the style Ruthless wild! Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked the FUCK out? Wanna get on it like that, well then shout! Yo RZA, yo razor! Hit me with the major The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor Gunnin, hummin comin atcha First I'm gonna getcha, once I gotcha, I gat-cha You could never capture the Method Man's stature For rhyme and for rapture, got niggaz resigning, now master my style? Never! I put the fucking buck in the wild kid, I'm terror Razor sharp, I sever  the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my compeda, you mean competitor, whadeva! Let's get together [Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga  Wu buckwild with the tri-BLAOW!] I react so thick, I'm phat, and YO! Rae came blowing and blew off ya headphones black Rap from yo Cali to Texas Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to WRECK this Brothers approach and half step, but ain't heard HALF of it yet, and I bet you're not a fuckin vet So, when you see me on the real, formin like Voltron Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal! Chorus: [Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga  Wu buck wild with the trigger!  Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga  I'll FUCK YOUR ASS UP!] Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard Yo...! I come with that ol' loco Style from my vocal Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals I'm no joker! Play me as a joker Be on you like a house on fire! Smoke ya! Crews be actin like they gangs, anyway Be like, "Warriors! Come out and playiyay!" Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea Dirty, I keep shit stinks in my drawers So I can get fzza-funky for yah Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang RAHH! Here comes the Tiger verse Crane! Ow, be like wild with my style Punk! You playing me, chump, you get DUMPED WU! Is comin THROUGH! At a theatre near YOU! And get funk like a SHOE! What?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Clan in Da Front Intro: RZA  Up from the 36 Chambers...  Heheh.. it's the Ghost..*Face*..*Killahh* Hehheheh  Wu-Tang  Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm  Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm  Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm  Wu-Tang Killa Beez, we on a swarm  The RZA, the GZA, Ol Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, U-God  Ghost Face Killer, the Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, the Master Killer  Raw Desire, LeVon, Power Cipher  Twelve O'Clock, Sixty Second Assassin, the 4th Disciple  The Brand White  K.D. the Down Low Wrecka, Shyheim AKA The Rugged Child  Doo-Doo Wales, Mista Hezakiah -- better known as the Yin and the Yang  The Tru Masta, Asan, DJ Skane, The Tru Robocop comin thru  Scientific Shabazz, my motherfuckin man Wise the Civilized  The Shaolin Soldiers, Daddy-O and Popa Ron  Comin down from the motherfuckin South end of things  Killa beez all over your fuckin planet  Thirty-six chambers of death  Three-hundred and sixty degrees of perfected styles  Choppin off your motherfuckin dome...  ...peace, and every fuckin borough  Crooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island  The motherfuckin Bronx, killa beez.... *The sword?  C'mon, give him the sword* Chorus: The Genius Clan in da front, let your feet stomp Niggaz on the left, brag shit to death Now hoods on the right, wild for the night Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to... Verse One: The Wu is comin thru, the outcome is critical Fuckin wit my style, is sort of like a Miracle on 34th Street, in the Square of Herald I gamed Ella, the bitch caught a Fitz like Gerald -- -- ine Ferraro, who's full of sorrow Cuz the hoe didn't win but the sun will still come out tomorrow and shine shine shine like gold mine Here comes the drunk monk, with a quart of Ballentine Pass the bone, kid pass the bone Let's get on this mission like Indiana Jones, the GZA One who just represent the Wu-Tang click With the game and soul, of an old school flick Like the Mack and Dolemite, who both did bids Claudine went to Cooley High and had mad kids so stop, the life you save may be your motherfuckin own I'll hang your ass with this microphone Make way for the merge of traffic Wu-Tang's comin thru with Full Metal Jackets God squad that's mad hard to serve Come frontin hard, then Bernhard Goetz what he deserves Chorus Verse Two: The response while I bomb that ass, "You ain't shit!" Your wack ass town had you gassed Egos is somethin the Wu-Tang crush Souped up niggaz on a stage get rushed I don't give a god damn, on the shows you did How many rhymes you got, or who knows you kid? Cuz I don't know ya therefore show me what you know I come sharp as a blade and I cut you slow You become so Pat as my style increases What's that in your pants ahhh human feces! Throw your shitty drawers in the hamper Next time come strapped with a fuckin Pamper How ya sound B? You're better off a quitter I'm on the mound G, and it's a no-hitter And my DJ the catcher, he's my man Anyway he's the one who devised the plan He throws the signs I hook up the beats with clout I throw the rhymes to the mic and I strike em out So it really doesn't matter on how you intrigue You can't FUCK with those in the major leagues Chorus -- 2X Hoods on the right Punks in the back... to what Niggaz on the left Hoods on the right Punks in the back, c'mon... to what ...let your feet stomp ...brag shit to death ...wild for the night   (Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu) (Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu) (Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu) Niggaz on the left, brag shit to death Hoods on the right, wild for the night Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to Clan in da front, let your feet stomp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber Intro: Take that motherfucker GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!! Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggaz Word to the camoflouge large niggaz Bitch niggaz fuckin my body Bring that fuckin meth in here Yo yo yo yo Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain and yo, set it off Verse One: Raekwon the Chef Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore but giving you more and more, like ding! Nah shorty, get you open like six packs Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite! Word life, I get that ass while I'm fulla spite! Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed Just like rockin what? Twin glocks! Shake the ground while my beats just break you down Raw sound, we going to war right now So, yo, bombin We Usually Take All Niggaz Garments Save ya breath before I bomb it Verse Two: Method Man I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine? Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time! And pull a foul, niggaz save the beef on the cow I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root PLO style, buddha monks with the owls So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical On the chessbox Verse Three: Inspector Deck Yo, yeah, yo I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz Murderous material, made by a madman It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic Representing with the skill that's iller Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm! Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode Verse Four: Ghostface Killer Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock I ran up in spots like Fort Knox! I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic Flashback's how I attacked your whole project I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die My seed'll be ill like me Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex' So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave Verse Five: Prince Rakeem/RZA Yo Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels While the meth got me open like falopian tubes I bring death to a snake when he least expect Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil The pencil, I break strong winds up against your Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics Verse Six: Ol Dirty Bastard Are you, uh, ah, uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurah The Ol' Dirty Bastard VUNDABAH Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!  Niggaz be gettin on my fuckin nerves Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb I got funky fresh, like the old specialist A carrier, messenger, bury ya This experience is for the whole experience Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE Verse Seven: Genius/GZA My my my My Clan is thick like plaster Bust ya, slash ya Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock Like getting smashed by a cinder block Blaow! Now it's all over Niggaz seeing pink hearts, yellow moons orange stars and green clovers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Can It Be All So Simple Intro: Raekwon the Chef [Can it be that it was all so simple then] KnowhatI'msayin, take you on this lyrical high real quick Nineteen ninety three exoticness KnowhatI'msayin, let's get technical Where's your bone at, get up on that shit aight Yo!! Verse One: Started off on the island, AK Shaolin Niggaz whylin, gun shots thrown the phone dialin Back in the days of eight now, makin a tape now Rae gotta get a plate now Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one Till I got (BAM! BAM!) thrown one Yeah, my pops was a fiend since sixteen Shootin' that (that's that shit!) in his blood stream That's the life of a crimey, real live crimey If niggas know the half is behind me Day one, yo, growin all up in the ghetto Now I'm a weed fiend, jettin the Palmetto In Medina, yo no doubt the God got crazy clout Pushin the big joint from down South So if you're filthy stacked up Betta watch ya back and duck Cause these fiends they got it cracked up Now my man from up north, now he got the law It's solid as a rock and crazy salt No jokes, I'm not playin, get his folks Desert Eagle his dick and put 'em in a yolk (AAH!) And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop I pointed a gat at his mother's knot (Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit! ) Fuck that  Dedicated to the winners and the losers    (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Dedicated to all jeeps and land cruisers   (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Dedicated to the Y's, 850-I's   (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Dedicated to niggas who do drive-bys   (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ax   (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Dedicated to MPV's phat!   (Can it be that it was all so simple then?)  Nigguh, yeah, yeah! Verse Two: Ghostface Killer Yo! Kickin the fly cliches Doin duets with Rae and A, happens to make my day Though I'm tired of bustin off shots havin to rock knots Runnin up in spots and makin shit hot I'd rather flip shows instead of those Hangin on my living room wall My first joint, and it went gold I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade Plus the spot light Gettin my dick rubbed all night I wanna have me a phat yacht And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops But for now, it just a big dream Cause I find myself in the place where I'm last seen My thoughts must be relaxed Be able to maintain Cause times is changed and life is strange The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad Yo, mad lives is up for grabs Brothers, passin away, I gotta make wakes Receivin all types of calls from upstate Yo, I can't cope with the pressure Settlin for lesser The god left lessons on my dresser So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way Continue to make hits with Rae and A Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime [Peace to mankind Ghostface carry a black nine, nigga  Word up   It's on like that] [Can it be that it was all so simple then] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Da Mystery of Chessboxin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wu-Tang movie dialogue] The game of chess, is like a swordfight You must think first, before you move Toad style is immensely strong, and immune to nearly any weapon When it's properly used, it's almost invincible Verse One: U-God Raw I'ma give it to ya, with no trivia Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation like the Emancipation Proclamation Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead you might as well run into the wall and bang your head I'm pushin' force, my force your doubtin' I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucus Mountains Verse Two: Inspectah Deck Well I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire Rap styles vary, and carry like Mariah I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from is comin through with nuff niggaz, and nuff guns so if you wanna come sweatin, stressin contestin you'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection Don't talk the talk, if you can't walk the walk Phony niggaz are outlined in chalk A man vexed, is what the projects made me Rebel to the grain there's no way to barricade me Steamrollin niggaz like a eighteen wheeler with the drunk driver drivin, there's no survivin Verse Three: Raekwon the Chef Ruff like Timberland wear, yeah Me and the Clan, and yo the Landcruisers out there Peace to all the crooks, all the niggaz with bad looks Bald heads, braids, blow this hook We got chrome tecs, nickel plated macs Black axe, drug dealin styles in phat stacks I only been a good nigga for a minute though cuz I got to get my props, and win it yo I got beef wit commercial-ass niggaz with gold teeth lampin in a Lexus eatin beef Straight up and down don't even bother I got fourty niggaz up in here now, who kill niggaz fathers Chorus: Method Man My peoples are you with me where you at? In the front, in the back killa-bees on attack my peoples are you with me where you at? Smokin meth hittin caps on the block with the gats Verse Four: Ol' Dirty Bastard Here I go, deep type flow Jacque Cousteau could never get this low..I'm cherry bombin shits... BOOM Just warmin up a little bit, vroom vroom Rappinin is what's happenin Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clappin and At the party when I move my body Gotta get up, and be-eeeee somebody! Grab the microphone put strength to the bone DUH-DUH-DUH...enter the Wu-Tang zone Sure enough when I rock that stuff Guff puff?? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff rough, kickin rhymes like Jim Kelly or Alex Haley im a Mi-..Beetle Bailey rhymes comin raw style, hardcore Niggaz be comin to the hip-hop store Comin to buy gro-cery from me Tryin to be a hip-hop MC The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang Represent the GZA, Abbott, RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck Dirty Hoe gettin low wit his flow Introducin, the Ghost..face.. Killah!! No one could get illa Chorus Verse Five: Ghostface Killah Speakin of the devil psych, no it's the God, get the shit right Mega trife, and yo I killed you in a past life On the mic while you was kickin that fast shit You reneged tried again, and got blasted Half mastered ass style mad ruff task When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack That night yo I wuz hittin like a spiked bat and then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs Never shot thugs, I'm runnin with thugs that flood mugs So grab your eight plus one, start flippin and trippin Niggaz is jettin I'm lickin off son [Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang!!!!] Verse Six: Masta Killa Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty What justifies the homicide, when he dies? In his own iniquity it's the Master of the Mantis Rapture comin at cha We have an APB on an MC Killer Looks like the work of a Master Evidence indicates that's it's stature Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture The flow, changes like a chameleon Plays like a friend, and stabs you like a dagger This technique attacks the immune system Disguised like a lie paralyzin the victim You scream, as it enters your bloodstream Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain Novin on a nigga with the speed of a centipede and injure - ANY MOTHERFUCKIN CONTENDER Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: RZA [Tiger style] [Tiger style] Tiger style Yo, huh, huh Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuttin Ta Fuck Wit Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuttin Ta Fuck Wit Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuttin Ta Fuck Wit There's noplace to hide once I step inside the room Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom BAM! Aw, MAN! I SLAM JAM, now scream like Tarzan Verse One: RZA I be tossin, enforcin, my style is awesome I'm causin more Family Feud's than Richard Dawson And the survey said -- ya dead Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin head MZA who was that? Aiyyo, the Wu is back Makin niggaz go BO BO!, like on Super Cat Me fear no-one, oh no, here come The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to the eardrum! Verse Two: Inspectah Deck I puts the needle to the groove, I gets rude And I'm forced to fuck it up My style carries like a pickup truck Across the clear blue yonder Seek the China Sea, I slam tracks like quarterbacks sacks from L.T. Now why try and test, the Rebel INS? Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake and eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state! Chorus: RZA And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck with Straight from the motherfucking slums that's busted Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck with Interlude: RZA Hyah! Step up, boy! Represent! Chop his head off, kid! Verse Three: Method Man The Meth will come out tomorrow, Styles, is wild, berserk, bizarro Flow, with more afro than Rollo Comin to a fork in the road which way to go just follow Method, the Legend, niggaz is Sleepy Hollow In fact I'm a hard act to follow I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin on through Niggaz is like "Oh, my God, not you!" Yes, I, come to get a slice of the punk and the pie Rather do than die, check my flava, comin from the RZA which is short for the razor Who make me reminisce true like Deja, Vu! I'm rubber, niggaz is like glue Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you [RZA] Ahh-hah! Yeah Representin Brooklyn Queens Long Island, Manhattan Bronx The Rugged Lands of Shaolin Niggaz from Virginia, Atlanta Our boys in Ohio comin through with the crazy, why-oh why-oh Yo, niggaz from The Source My man Kelly Moon from the GAVIN Rod Strickland, Jason ? and yeah true, true, my nigga ? it's goin down boy We ain't nuttin ta fuck wit The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob Niggaz from Detroit, fuckin California squadron comin through knahmsayin? The whole fuckin West coast to the whole East, niggaz from D.C. Down in Maryland, all the way over there in Morgan State Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck wit all over the whole fuckin globe, comin through boy Peace to the fuckin Zulu Nation Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond Wu-Tang slang, choppin heads boy It ain't safe no more! Peace.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: C.R.E.A.M. Intro: Raekwon the Chef, Method Man What that nigga want God? Word up, look out for the cops [Wu-Tang five finger shit] (Cash Rules) Word up, two for fives over here baby Word up, two for fives them niggaz got garbage down the way, word up KnowhatI'msayin? (Cash Rules Everything Around Me  C.R.E.A.M. get...) Yeah, check this ol fly shit out Word up (Cash Rules Everything Around Me) Take you on a natural joint (C.R.E.A.M. get the money) Here we here we go (dolla dolla bill y'all) Check this shit, yo! Verse One: Raekwon the Chef I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side Staying alive was no jive At second hands, moms bounced on old men So then we moved to Shaolin land A young youth, yo rockin the gold tooth, 'Lo goose Only way, I begin to gee off was drug loot And let's start it like this son, rollin with this one And that one, pullin out gats for fun But it was just a dream for the teen, who was a fiend Started smokin woolies at sixteen And running up in gates, and doing hits for high stakes Making my way on fire escapes No question I would speed, for cracks and weed The combination made my eyes bleed No question I would flow off, and try to get the dough all Sticking up white boys in ball courts My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater Times is ruff and tuff like leather Figured out I went the wrong route So I got with a sick ass click and went all out Catchin keys from across seas Rollin in MPV's, every week we made forty G's Yo nigga respect mine, or anger the tech nine Ch-chick-POW! Move from the gate now Chorus: Method Man Cash, Rules, Everything, Around, Me C.R.E.A.M. Get the money Dollar, dollar bill y'all  Verse Two: Inspector Deck It's been twenty-two long hard years of still strugglin Survival got me buggin, but I'm alive on arrival I peep at the shape of the streets  And stay awake to the ways of the world cause shit is deep A man with a dream with plans to make C.R.E.A.M. Which failed; I went to jail at the age of 15 A young buck sellin drugs and such who never had much Trying to get a clutch at what I could not... could not... The court played me short, now I face incarceration Pacin -- going up state's my destination Handcuffed in back of a bus, forty of us Life as a shorty shouldn't be so ruff But as the world turns I learned life is hell  Living in the world no different from a cell Everyday I escape from Jakes givin chase, sellin base Smokin bones in the staircase Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed But I'm still depressed, and I ask what's it worth? Ready to give up so I seek the Old Earth Who explained working hard may help you maintain to learn to overcome the heartaches and pain We got stickup kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks and stray shots, all on the block that stays hot Leave it up to me while I be living proof To kick the truth to the young black youth But shorty's running wild smokin sess drinkin beer And ain't trying to hear what I'm kickin in his ear Neglected, but now, but yo, it gots to be accepted That what? That life is hectic Outro: Chorus -- 4X Niggas gots to do what they gotta do, to get a bill YaknowhatI'msayin? Cuz we can't just get by no more Word up, we gotta get over, straight up and down Chorus -- 3X Cash Rules Everything Around Me C.R.E.A.M. get the money Dolla dolla bill y'aauhhhaaaauhhhhahhhauhhhhll, YEAH The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Method Man Intro Part One: Method Man (album version) Yeahhh, torture motherfucker what? [Torture nigga what?] What? I'll fuckin I'll fuckin tie you to a fuckin bedpost with your ass cheeks spread out and shit Right? Put a hanger on a fuckin stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour Take it off and stick it in your ass slow like Tssssssss [Yeah, I'll fuckin  Yeah I'll fuckin lay your nuts on a fuckin dresser  Just your nuts layin on a fuckin dresser  And bang them shits with a spiked fuckin bat] Ooooohhhh [Whassup? BLAOWWW!!] I'll fuckin I'll fuckin pull your fuckin tongue out your fuckin mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW!! [I'll fuckin] [I'll fuckin  I'll fuckin hang you by your fuckin dick  off a fuckin twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker] I'll fuckin I'll fuckin sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin you and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you Intro Part Two: Genius (all versions) [Yo, roll the dice, yo roll the dice  Yo, so it's going down like that, huh? Yeah?  Niggaz is whylin, check it out kid] From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again The RZA, the GZA, Ol Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon the Chef U-God, Ghost Face Killer and the Method Man M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN Verse One: Hey, you, get off my cloud You don't know me and you don't know my style Who be gettin flam when they come to a jam? Here I am here I am, the Method Man Patty cake patty cake hey the method man Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan Peanut butter, cuz I'm not butter In fact I snap back like a rubber band, I be Sam Sam I am And I dont eat green eggs and ham Style will hit ya, wham!, then goddamn  You be like oh shit that's the jam Turn it up now hear me get buckwu-wu-wild I'm about to blow light me up Upside downside inside and outside Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt I am, the one and only Method Man The master of the plan wrappin shit like Saran Wrap, with some of this and some of that Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat Over there, but I think he best to beware Of the diggy dog shit right here Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo Like Deck said this aint your average flow Comin like rah ooh ah achie kah Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw The poetry's in motion coast to coast and Rub it on your skin like lotion What's the commotion, oh my lord Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword Hey hey hey like Fat Albert It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it It's the Method Break: All right, y'all get ya White Owls, get ya meth, get ya skins Don't forget your fourty And we gonna do it like this I got, fat bags of skunk I got, White Owl blunts And I'm about to go get lifted Yes I'm about to go get lifted I got, myself a fourty I got, myself a shorty And I'm about to go and stick it Yes I'm about to go and stick it Verse Two: Uhh H-U-F-F huff and I puff Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin Zoom, I hit the mic like boom Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it goes Question what exactly is a panty raider Ill behaviour savior or major flavor All of the above oh yeah plus I do so Also flam I'm the man call me super Not an average Joe with an average flow Doing average things with average hoes Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm For my, Su-per Sperm (check it) Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked I smell sess pass the Method Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics Missles and shoot game like a pistol Clip is loaded when I click bang dang A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain J-U-M-P jump and I thump Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me Child, the whole damn isle is callin me P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't cry Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me Ooh I be the super sperm Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie Freak a flow and flow fancy free Now how many licks does it take For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang Fadin motherfuckers like bleach So to each and every crew You're clear like glass I can see right through You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd and ya didnt have friends to begin with I'm M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN Here I am, here I am, the Method Man Outro: RZA Straight from the slums of Shaolin Wu-Tang Killa B'z on a swarm [Your soul have just been taken through the 36 chambers of death, kid] *coughing* [Word to mother, Method Man signing off, peace] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Protect Ya Neck * * this version of the song is final, no more corrections are being accepted * the actual album version is edited, but the curses have been added back in So whassup man?   Coolin man Chillin chillin? Yo you know I had to call, you know why right?   Why? Because, yo, I never ever call and ask, you to play somethin right?   Yeah You know what I wanna hear right?   Whatchu wanna hear? I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint   Wu-Tang again? Ahh yeah, again and again! *sounds of fighting* [RZA] Wu-Tang Clan comin at ya, protect ya neck kid, so set it off   de Inspector Deck [Meth] watch ya step kid (8X) [Inspector Deck] I smoke on the mic like smokin Joe Frazier The hell raiser, raisin hell with the flavor Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan Swingin through your town like your neighborhood Spiderman So uhh, tic toc and keep tickin While I get ya flippin off the shit I'm kickin The Lone Ranger, code red, danger! Deep in the dark with the art to rip charts apart The vandal, too hot to handle Ya battle, you're sayin Goodbye like Tevin Campbell Roughneck, Inspector Deck's on the set The rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal [Raekwon] The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back relax won't smile Rae got it goin on pal, call me the rap assassinator Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger And I'ma get mad deep like a threat, blow up your project Then take all your assets Cause I came to shake the frame in half  With the thoughts that bomb, shit like math! So if ya wanna try to flip go flip on the next man Cause I grab the clip and Hit ya with sixteen shots and more I got Goin to war with the meltin pot hot [Method] It's the Method Man for short Mr. Meth Movin on your left, aah! And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat I wanna break full, cock me back Small change, they puttin shame in the game I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame And like Fame!!, my style'll live forever Niggaz crossin over, but they don't know no better But I do, true, can I get a "sue" Nuff respect due to the one-six-ooh I mean ohh, yo check out the flow like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin Niggaz off because I'm hot like sauce The smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me *cough* [U-God] Ooh, what, grab my nut get screwed Oww, here comes my Shaolin style Sloop-B and my b-boy's U to my crew with the "suuue"   *interlude* watch ya step kid (8X) [Ol Dirty Bastard] c'mon baby baby c'mon (4X) [RZA] Yo, ya best protect ya neck [Ol Dirty Bastard] First things first man you're fuckin with the worst I'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack Shame on you when you stepped through to The Ol Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo And I'll be damned if I let any man Come to my center, you enter, the winter Straight up and down that shit packed jam You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him man The Ol Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin Ason, Unique rollin with the night of the creeps Niggaz be rollin with a stash  ain't sayin cash, bite my style I'll bite your motherfuckin ass! [Ghostface Killah] For cryin out loud my style is wild so book me Not long is how long that this rhyme took me Ejectin, styles from my lethal weapon My pen that rocks from here to Oregon Here's Mordigan, catch it like a psycho flashback I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back I come with shit that's all types of shapes and sounds And where I lounge is my stompin grounds I give a order to my peeps across the water To go and snatch up props all around the border And get far like a shootin star Cause who I are, is dim in the light of Pablo Escobar Point blank as I kick the square biz  There it is you're fuckin with pros and there it goes [RZA] Yo chill with the feedback black we don't need that It's ten o'clock hoe, where the fuck's your seed at Feelin mad hostile, ran the apostle Flowin like Christ when I speaks the gospel Stroll with the holy roll then attack the globe with the buckus style the ruckus, ten times ten men committin mad sin Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin chin Slayin boom-bangs like African drums (we'll be) Comin around the mountain when I come Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment My clan increase like black unemployment Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius Take us the fuck outta here [Genius] The Wu is too slammin for these Cold Killin labels Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel Be doin artists in like Cain did Abel  Now they money's gettin stuck to the gum under the table That's what ya get when ya misuse what I invent Your empire falls and ya lose every cent For tryin to blow up a scrub Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb Should of pumped it when I rocked it Niggaz so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets This goes on in some companies With majors they're scared to death to pump these First of all, who's your A&R A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar But he don't know the meaning of dope When he's lookin for a suit and tie rap that's cleaner than a bar of soap And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight Matter of fact bring out the girls and let's have a mud fight *sounds of fighting* [RZA] You best protect ya neck (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Tearz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: (sampled) After laughter, comes tears Verse One: The RZA Yo check yo yo, check the script Me and the gods get it ripped Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip Had a box, 'Boom Boom' the bass will blast We was laughing, at all the girls that passed Conversation, brothers had begin to discuss (Hey yo, Ra, remember that kid ya bust?) Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh HA Not knowin, exactly what lied ahead My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer Didn't expect, to come across, a crazy gunner "Hey Shorty, check it for the bag and the dough" But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!!" Money splattered him, BOW! then he snatched the bag In his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave. Girls screamin, the noise up and down the block (Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!) I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet I saw the blood, all over, the hot concrete I picked him up, then I held him by his head His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was... Aw man! How do I say goodbye? It's alway the good ones who have to die Memories in the corner of my mind Flashbacks, I was laughin all the time I taught him, all about the bees and birds But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words Chorus Verse Two: Ghostface Killer Me and my man, my ace big Moe from the shelter Bout to hit the skins, from this girl named Thelma Now Thelma had a rep, that was higher than her neck Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed Three o'clock in the morning, something gots to give Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next Here, take this raincoat, and practice safe sex He seemed to ignore, I said be for real She's not even worth it, to go raw deal A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do He got butt-naked and stuck the power U Twenty minutes went by, my man went out, without a doubt I'm not pumpin' up, I am, airin out Hey yo, he came out laughing with glory I'm surprised, he's still livin', to tell his story But he carried on, with the same old stuff  with Stephanie, like a whammy, he pressed his luck Both tried to be down with O.P.P. Ain't nuttin' wrong but he got caught with the H.I.V. now No life to live, doc says two more years So after the laughter, I guess comes the tears The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) Song: Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber - Part 2 Intro: The Genius/GZA (from "Clan in Da Front") Niggaz on the left, brag shit to death Now hoods on the right, wild for the night Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what Clan in da front, let your feet stomp Niggaz on the left, brag shit to death Hoods on the right, wild for the night Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what --- This goes back to nineteen.. Ahem, check it, yo GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!! Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggaz Word to the camoflouge large niggaz Bitch niggaz fuckin my body Bring that fuckin meth in here Yo yo yo yo Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain Verse One: Raekwon the Chef Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore but giving you more and more, like ding! Nah shorty, get you open like six packs Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite! Word life, I get that ass while I'm fulla spite! Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed Just like rockin what? Twin glocks! Shake the ground while my beats just break you down Raw sound, we going to war right now So, yo, bombin We Usually Take All Niggaz Garments Save ya breath before I bomb it Verse Two: Method Man I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine? Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time! And pull a foul, niggaz save the beef on the cow I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root PLO style, buddha monks with the owls So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical On the chessbox Verse Three: Inspector Deck Yo, yeah, yo I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz Murderous material, made by a madman It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic Representing with the skill that's iller Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm! Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode Verse Four: Ghostface Killer Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock I ran up in spots like Fort Knox! I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic Flashback's how I attacked your whole project I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die My seed'll be ill like me Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex' So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave Verse Five: Prince Rakeem/RZA Yo Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels While the meth got me open like falopian tubes I bring death to a snake when he least expect Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil The pencil, I break strong winds up against your Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics Verse Six: Ol Dirty Bastard Are you, uh, ah, uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurah The Ol' Dirty Bastard VUNDABAH Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!  Niggaz be gettin on my fuckin nerves Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb I got funky fresh, like the old specialist A carrier, messenger, bury ya This experience is for the whole experience Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE Verse Seven: Genius/GZA My my my My Clan is thick like plaster Bust ya, slash ya Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock Like getting smashed by a cinder block Blaow! Now it's all over Niggaz seeing pink hearts, yellow moons orange stars and green clovers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Poppa Wu, Uncle Pete Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Wu-Revolution Typed by: OHHLA.com These things just took over me Just took over my whole body So I can't even see no more I'm calling my black woman a bitch I'm calling my peoples all kinds of thing that they not I'm lost brother, can you help me Can you help me brother, please You see what we did, we lost the love I'm talking 'bout the love The love of your own But brother, but brother, but brother, check this out I still don't understand man, I'm all high off this shit man Well, what I'm trying to say my brother Why, why do we kill each other Look at our children, what kind of a future This is the training thats gonna be given to you By the Wu, brothers and sisters   The revolution, the revolution It's time to rise, and take our place   Will be televised, televised So we can inherit the universe The planet earth belongs to God   This is ninety, ninety, ninety-seven Every square inch of it That he chose for himself Is the best part   Yeah, the revolution should be, televised) By every strong woman   To the highest power You'll find a strong man And by every strong man You'll find a strong woman   Wont you agree The universe is not completed Without the sun, moon, and stars   Wont you be for real Thats man, woman, and child   To the highest power To all you fake ass niggas who Think you gonna survive out here Without your black woman, you're wrong They have attraction powers on the planet   I wanna be free We are original man, the Asiatic black man The maker, the author, the cream of the planet earth   Wanna be free, yeah Father of civilization and daughter of the universe   Want to be free, oh yeah The population was seventeen men With the two man indians Making a total of nineteen men for all Being, for all men, all over the planet earth   Mandela, Mandela, Mandela, Wu revolution king yeah Arise you gods, cause the time for the revolutional war Thats the mental war   Malcolm X, Malcolm X, Malcolm X Thats the battle between god and devil   Gonna be free Take the devil off your plane Take him off your mental mentality Take him off your brain   Make a change, from my mind Leave all the ciggarettes and guns The alcohol and everything Thats the mental devil that exists within your body   Take this pain Thats destroying and decaying your mind   Take these chains, off my mind The mind controls the body Everything within must come out   Want to be free Don't look towards the sky Cause there's no heaven above Don't look down beneath your feet There's no hell below   Want to be free But heaven and hell exist within Heaven is what you make it and Hell is what you're going through   There is only one, Jah   There is a whole new one, faith   There is a holy one   World, revolution yeah At one time it was told to me   Yeah That man came from monkeys, ha ha ha That we were swingin from trees I hardly can believe that unless I'm dumb deaf and blind   Save the children You ever heard about, the ape man?   Gonna be free And the ape woman?   Hey, want to be free You have a mankind, that has a beginning to him And his ending, is about to come   Oooh, yeah   If you take one step   I will take one with you   Through the stormy vein   Swim the deepest sea, with you my brother   I know, you got to be strong   Gotta hold on Now the story is about to close It was a hundred percent of us   Save the children That came on the slave ships Eighty five percent of our people   They're our future Was uncivilized Poison animal eaters They're slaves of the mental powers   Save the children They don't know who the true and living god is And all the orchards in the world   Save the children So they worship what they know not and they're easily lead in the wrong direction And hard to be lead in the right And now you got the ten percent Who are rich slave makers of the poor Who teach the poor lies that make the people believe that the all mighty true and living god is a spook in the sky   Save the children And you can't see him with the physical eyes They're also known as blood suckers of the poor   Save the children And then you got the five percent Who are the poor rightous teachers who do not believe in the teachings of the ten percent   Save the children Who is all wise and know who the true and living god is And teach that the true and living god IS supreme being black man from asian Otherwise known as civilized people Also Muslims, and Muslims sons Peace we out [Cut to Kung-Fu clip] I have given it much thought It seems, disaster must come At best, only postponed Shaolin Kung-Fu to survive must now be taught, to more young men We must expand, get more pupils So that the knowledge will spread The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Reunited Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * no more changes are being accepted for this song Intro: Roxanne It's Wu motherfuckers, ah Wu-Tang motherfuckers (3X) It's Wu, ah goin on Verse One: The Genius/GZA Reunited, double LP, we're all excited Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited from metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth Wicked niggaz come, try to burglarize the turf Scattin off soft-ass beats them niggaz rap happily Tragically, that style, deter-iate, rapidly Uncompleted missions, throwin your best known compositions You couldn't add it up, if you mastered addition Where I come from, gettin visual is habitual De-mon-strate walkin on hot coal, in rituals I splash the paint on the wall, it formed the mural He took a look, saw the manifestation of it, was plural Rhymin while impaired, dart hit your garment Pierced your internal, streamlined compartments Just consider the unparallel advantage Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard/Osirus Bitch ass niggaz counterfeit the funk I smoke the bead and the skunk, tree top of the trunk Moonshine drunken monk, YaHEAD, get shrunk The touch of skunk, I be fuckin bitches by the chunk my name black, do words wanna play in my dirt? Bitch stop my momma serve, free lunch from the church I come like a thousand doves Bitch you quiet at the bus, makin the fuss, I gots tough love Unglove the news, watch a nigga transfuse Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze I don't walk, I get carried Gold and platinum frisbees on my wall, lookin properly but come-ly, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man my grandfather, step up and get knocked right the fuck out Come to the cook-out, Dirty bitch at the mouth You scared? Run around like a plane about to crash *sound of a plane crashing and explosion* [Roxanne] Wu-Tang motherfuckers (2X)    Yeah... and RZA Verse Three: RZA Yo, yo, The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula Bigger dick sex enigma pistol fertilize your stigma Stinkbox, order from pink dot MC's get stuck on ink blots as I plug to the sinkbox Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewalk Talk strange like B-jork, great hero Jim Thorpe How can I put it? Life is like video footage Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it I'm too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage attack when you least notice through explosive postage I don't play, the rap souflee sautee for the day Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A, Leg Leg Arm Head Spread like plague, we drink Hennessee by the jig I got the golden egg plus the goose Eighty proof, Absolut, mixed with cranberry fruit juice Ginseng boost, I got yo' neck in a noose Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct sixteen bar nickle sell more copies than Kinko Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us and we return like Jesus, when the whole world need us Verse Four: Method Man/Iron Lung Is it appetite for destruction Slap a murder rap on this production, I touch somethin trust nuttin Iron Lung/Twisted Metal I see em duckin my dart gun, bustin, from every angle Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow that be code named Agent Orange, killin you slow It's only right you pay homage to those that's bout to blow like that shit up your nose, solid as a rock when I strike target, ver-bal Be screamin on you like a drill sargeant, her-bals got me where I wanna be right now, don't know the time Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine Drunk off of cheap wine Each line be on point when I speak mine On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu Thirty-Six more deadly Chambers, to take you through Outro: Roxanne It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers (6X) *violins play on for a while* It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers (5X) Yeahhh, Wu-Tannnnnng Wu-Tannnnnnnng [Ol Dirty] Oh yeahhhh, ahhh, aiyy yeahh yeahhhahh aiii [Roxanne] And RZA... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: For Heavens Sake Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Yo, one two one two			Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang It's the Wu, creepin in the shadows	Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang (Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang) "Oh baby, for heavens sake" Sir I, Excalibur "Oh baby, for heavens sake" (Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang) 2X "Oh baby, for heavens sake" [Verse One: Inspectah Deck/Rebel INS] Yo, aiyyo my rap style swing like Willie Mays My eyes Purple Haze, my solar razor burn through shades My grenades raid the airwaves, catch this rap page I glide like, hovercrafts on the Everglades Born master, with the faster blade, track slasher Manufacture poems to microphones, bones fracture Limited edition composition spark friction non-fiction, the calm bomb keep your arm distant Zero tolerance, dominant intelligence Wu original, true colors step from the melanin The most high, most try, to get close by and overthrow I, but choke, with they hopes up high I circulate the tri-state and vibrate beyond the Richter Flies sense to flock when they spot this live nigga The crowd seducer black your third eye before I lose ya Verbal high I leave stars in the eyes of Medusa Top ten, parley like Cochran, and Sharpton narrow margin, of your odds to dodge the marksman Murder rap, kill you soft like Roberta Flack Words attack like a British Bulldog, observe the stacks Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang "Oh baby, for heavens sake"  (repeat both lines 4X) [Verse Two: Masta Killa] Now all pay tribute to this entity A spark that surges through the undergrowth Overwhelmin the populace from the entry The Wu-Tang Dynasty, has emerged from this elite fleet I was appointed to strike the vital nerve Mouths tend to utter and speak empty words Observe the magnetic attraction as we breathe Seeds of MC's at these fake ass industry niggaz feed off, the chrome mic tend to squeeze off and spray, an array of shots that travel downwind, just respect my pyrhiffic pen as I send, the minds of the weak To rise and take power I blew tower-ing over the land as we stand, expanding our CREAM A dollar to every grain of sand Let the mind use the physical as planned "Oh baby, for heavens sake" Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang "Oh baby, for heavens sake" [Verse Three: Cappadonna] Yo, yo, this is Beirut Try to comprehend check out my new suit Gods blend aim take fire pure destruction Dissapear from here, my year, drop the stupid LP's everywhere Fallin out the sky tall sniper Raps by Cappadonna hit the countryside Poetry whirlpool, RZA and True collide We produce article exception to the rule We the black men that struck oil, the hardboiled Cats that made that Watergate thing go spoiled The heavy-handed, locked down stranded with Cyrus Wu Pirates, sneak inside the club, low eyes Low down dirty, twelve thirty, night time crawlers Off-the-wallers, basketball gun brawlers Smoked out throw both fists for nine-seven Slang reverand, put the best work in Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang "Oh baby, for heavens sake" (repeat both 4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Cash Still Rules/Scary Hours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon] Shake them niggaz Scary hours no money out, smash the Guinness Stout Play the outfield, Lucille, switched cracks on shields She's a rich fiend, sacrifice her fam, shift them niggaz to Queens, Guess jeans she charged thirty-five beans Hit the cell phone, regulate with well known tone A Wally kingpin, who also slam and strike edition Whattup, Corleone smoke the bone Tone phone me Whattup he tried to slang there, address him with chrome only Grady with the gray beard, transport for him Rockin Nike at? Rastafarianburg, pipin that Switchin Benzes, ten carat nigga with gold lenses Frontin like he's sittin on a lump he's sittin on junk You wanna pull a heist, draw guns and robberies You wanna rock rep, step in yellow Wallabies Names arraigned, the century fox, little glocks Them niggaz with stocks, wail on your blocks Rich lifestyle, spoiled like an ordinary white child But right now, Son is still shine, shed light now Breakdown, liquidate God, fuck it grab the nickel plate Spencer for Hire, tension when we mention Dryer He's a slave cop, behave pop Blue suits who bay stop us blow that cat at the Purple Haze spot [Method Man] I remember stickin fiends at the one-six-ooh when we was starvin, duckin five-oh, payin em dues Times is hard in the slums I'm from, they got us barred in We warrin and cage dodgin, rippin and robbin Got the NARC sabotagin, slippin cracks in your camoflougin, now you snitchin on the squadron That's somethin niggaz can't pardon City overrun by young gun with bad intention, and Wu-Wear garment So I see no need to mention, the potency of a sting from a killa bee, kickin the battery out the back of them wisecracks Distorted for your get high you hijack These friendly skies ain't for you, they for me and mine This the year of the grimy nigga, ragtime Keep these niggaz on the run, peep my Clan emblem Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's comin from Catch us swimmin with these sharks now, you rap villains (I feel the same way you niggaz feelin) We feel the same way you feelin, let it be known (let it be known) *together* What the blood clot you niggaz dealin, you crash dummies    Cash rules, still don't nuttin move but the money [Ghostface] Aiyyo strongarm that kid right there with wavy hair Billy Johnson, snatched him out his whip in Times Square Took his Pumas, nameplate, dude lost weight Summer eighty-eight, started a fight, that can't wait Ask Dorothy, same kid pussy up in Marsey Blazin that Tad Rossi, up in the Marquis He lost like a hundred ounces, Jake rushed his houses Had him on the porch, ass no trousers This souped up, individual stuck, the new stuff Same kid cryin on the stand with Judge Cuffner Kissed him with art num it's three to nine style Before he left he flashin his face like Denzel Richard Dale took his Beaver, off the wall pullin his whip Mussy dropped and split his wig with the heater His shape-up was all fucked up, as he had me laughin God you see how he was laid out, in the grass with dirt in his mouth, Slim woke him up told him he wild out Blood leakin from his teeth he smiled like he gunned out Big bolo, stackin his shit financed a Volvo He copped his shit from a small, coffeeshop in SoHo He still pussy, he sell his dust up on the Lower East Posin like he rappin out... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Visionz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] Apocalypse Now Mind over matter next batter be Tical Put it on a platter how much uncut raw shit we dealin wit, murder track what Slang killin it, touched You feelin it, in your bloodstream deadly venemous elixir Hammer like Sledge that be Sister All and together now, follow me, the Mista Meth Candyman, farewell to the flesh Death come, in the scripture, two-thousand one Bring the rap arma-gedde-on, let it be known When you walk up in this Dead Zone wit all that wack shit, now you know you dead wrong, one thousand lashes [Raekwon the Chef] Detonate that, pussy Massengil rap cleanse that The kids rank, snatch collars off, while ridin off Float boat big boys, Oakland A's stashed away blades Ventilation let the sharks, ani-maze Somethin sheist like, seven butcher knives, rollin Rover style twice, finger itchy like lice hair fell out somethin to conquer, stomp ya like that cat Blanca Toy Tonka truck ten carat on ya monsta Ring Rocky like fuck switch sides like water rides The DAT bubble life preserve the other guys Now FUCK Y'ALL act wilda The style wilda than a praying mantis Chillin like *long inhale* [Masta Killa] As my brothers and I reign rebellious, changin the courses of time, devils no longer exist as God Cypher Divine, all minds one no question Now check it... Perhaps we can go through Lessons Or might SHOT me a pussy protestin Comin with that lip professin, you must take Allah for fool, where's his Jewel Was he usin Mathematics as a tool? Tell me, the struggle is God and I came to build Shit is so real, inside you distilled Back in the form of mist You wishin you did the Knowledge before speakin Seekin, where you went wrong And why would I bring you such physical harm? [Inspectah Deck] Yo, mind arson, my squadren, surround the Sound-Garden Guns for hire plus you under fire and a target Sniper in the cypher, I, Pied Piper Move the housing by the thousand, I watched out the Chrysler Bombs strike ya like the mighty Thor, blast the door Recite a page like a tidal wave, past the shore Two pulls, I'm wild like mechanical bulls Pack a full house, it's girls night out, pull a hairful Heavenly laced, stimulation make you feel slow paced I motivate and await my sober state [Ghostface Killah] Magnificent, heavenly the God stay bent Five Percent Range whippin soul controller of the lynch Mackin phone rings, Stephen King trauma down at Danzine My mood swings, suplexed off the rope, magazine Coconut jewels, wore no color shoe, knife annual Moses lost his sandal, hidin the manual Blow the vandal buggin off of Bon Jovi hits Grammer lo-ve, famous murder weapon was a trophy Seize posin in Oshkosh, guzzle cries Sabotage massage rap bandit at large Wolverine Carnation Milk, Wu denim jeans Thurston Howell the Third kid's back on the scene Call it chopped meat, cause every word is choppy My logic crunch all crows to death, Kobiyashi couldn't stop me Gettin caught up in my world, Haagen-Daaz world Backflip and then twirl, cave your whole world in *gun blast* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: As High As Wu-Tang Get Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (come on in) [Ol Dirty] *singing* Dinn-dnn-dnn-ta-dnn (come on in) Dinn-dnn-ta-dnn, dinn DNN DAH (come on, come on, come on in) Dnn-da-duh-duh-DAH, you BITCH ASS niggaz! (come on in, come on, come on, come on in) Intro/Chorus: Ol Dirty/Osirus As high as Wu-Tang get Allah allow us pop this shit Just like black shoe fit If you can't wear it, well don't fuck with it! Verse One: The Genius/GZA Yo, too many songs, weak rhymes that's mad long Make it brief Son, half short and twice strong No doubt, it took time searchin, eventually it was prime urgent, for you to examine the rhyme merchant Lace MC's with styles when they rhyme drunk On a label hunt, until twenty thou, out the trunk Eight Diagram sword swinga armored tank force RZA throw in the disc but then change the bank source You can't flow, must be the speech impediment You got lost off the snare off Impeach the President Whether in Amsterdam smokin seven grams of green then you pack, a thousand white teens in tight jeans This Witty Unpredictable shot is critical to analytical analogy, insurance policies why Said he know that sounds define the note Couldn't recognize, blast him the fuck behind the ropes Too many dope niggaz I see starvin Catch a single deal, a possible plea bargain Wu slay regardles to whom or what, five mics five nights Hang him from the balcony, drop twenty-five flights A fugitive bass playin rap czar smoke the cigars, his prints on the strings of his guitar Chorus Verse Two: Method Man/Iron Lung Tical got a hold on ya, doin exactly what the fuck I mariju-wanta, dis nigga nasty Deep in the dirty dungeon, buggin, lovin the ways these rhymes keep comin, at cha splash ya Get your head piece fractured, with killer cuts prone to drops ya, slash ya, rip shit up Got this whole thing Tang mastered, sho nuff An MC too good to be touched, John John bring the phenomenon, I cold crush MC, inferiorities they froze up, ice cold as we move on, saga unfold Captivated by a saga that go untold, like Goldfinger Caught up in a cliffhanger Yo I-N-S another code red, danger, break out the vest Now it's tactical warfare, it's all here Come with your shield and hardware, it be on here Don't ever roam, in the naked city Eight Fingers stories none pretty Bomb em wit the Witty Unpredictable, conditionin be critical Peace to Tang, gettin high on your physical, dis next drink is a toast to your memory When I go how many niggaz gon' remember me Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Severe Punishment Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I despise your killing, and raping You're... despicable 	Are you, my judge? It's just... you should be punished I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready? [Verse One: U-God] Yo, yeah, yo, yo Yo, yeah Check these high hats sting things moving through the rubbish Party robust, rec room style for you brothers Time's ticking, erupt misconduct Entering one funk before the drum dry up Dial, style, jab vocab slow Alphabet run, construction voice might blow Tap dance swelling Hemingway novel model For a breather, dirty reefer hide your bottle Cut down, come with something that's round and profound Blood brothers people of colors we get down Watch this fly, force feed things being said Nine Diagram acid black evil red left his mic half a dangle, seriouser man My mic clapper def wish, everlasting plan heavenly God body, know me as the cleaner Night champion, old villain style seem a kiss of spider, to God saga why bother Godfather talk drama, fly swatters 	Number two, Chao San Poi [Verse Two: The Genius/GZA] This Wu shit be hard to kill and full blown Rhymes filtered through the net before words hit the chrome Pro tools editing tracks that's rough Cause a jam without a live MC isn't enough So we attack this, and grab all within reach Throw a scrap back to niggaz - perfect your own speech Shit is copper, it ain't worth the mic stands used by backup singers in Atlantic City bands Niggaz look on, and get hooked on this mic line Real thin and shift through the pipeline LP's delivered with style and potential Niggaz flowin smoothly in a sequential order, revealin hidden tape recorders Stashed inside pockets of those who lack aura [Verse Three: Raekwon the Chef] Twist the DAC up, them niggaz with math is back up Watch he act up, fifty-two block track we slap up Playground maneuver, jet to Vancouver like this Two Kahluas one chick she's German Luger Get the shit on, light a fresh pack, bust it open with the seal on Dunn, deal on this, with the real on Next, Rocky, ring, call it to Decatur Slang soufleer home decorater, player Mic immigrants, nine of us formed resemblance Somethin flashy, God dead-armed is nasty Peep the ornaments enough to make Shorty-Wop stare at me yo He killed the God might as well throw a chair at me [Verse Four: Prince Rakeem/RZA] Yo MC's wonder what's hip-hop thunder Tell you the truth it's just one nation under a groove Gettin down for the funk of it Like Fred Sanford in the biz... Yo one held his paraphenalia, a Wu memorabilia Mailed by the fortune teller, tried to tell ya bout the group recruit we scoop up CREAM like Breyer's Then spread across the globe like telephone wires Thirty-six assorted, Shaolin imported chambers been recorded, you're fuckin with the loops Time for royalty audit Fabulous establishment metabolism, Blackfoot Indian Cherokee started out smaller than amphibian Then grew to a physical body with five meridians As the pendulum swings closer to the millenium two thousand, wickedness is spread amongst my citizen I got a muscle the industrial to make a hustle and politic with Leo and Russell When niggaz is still rushin we'll brush you 	He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives Verse Five: Masta Killa Thoughts are contained in the trenches of the brain ignite, blowin the mic to Arabian heights As I recite this medley, niggaz couldn't fuck with the deadly ground I hold down Classical gangland style, shots hit the ceiling Panic and confusion echoes through the building Continuing to build, I strive for perfection Driven by the will to live, glocks I hold Shots I give, while searchers of rescue teams look for means of survival and who's liable for this harrowing experience You scream for the extreme, fiend for the cap and proceeds of the Wu-Tang Academy To fuck up your anatomy with assault and battery 	Number two, Chao San Poi 	Number two, Chao San Poi 	He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives 	Number one, Yen Chang Wa 	He's an adulterer, don't trust him 	Number two, Chao San Poi 	Number two, Chao San Poi 	He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives I despise your killing, and raping You're... despicable 	Are you, my judge? It's just... you should be punished I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready? I despise your killing, and raping You're... despicable 	Are you, my judge? It's just... you should be punished I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Older Gods Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] Aiyyo I roll like a bat out of hell Evil acapell's fly spittin out of my grill Before I hit the sky with springtime colors Juicy as a Sunkist, certain broads double dutch this They carve it in they wrist, pales berry blazes Straighten the crumbs left on the stove, clothes in my lady hair Plus yours the look gold God, the old tainted bald technique Got these vestibules designer niggaz in they whips jumpin out they seats, eighteen, Bronzeman Part II We like Dorothy Hamill on ice We in your hood we might circle, hats down low in the Range Switch lanes, change my tire, peel out Real loud on the stage yo, I shitted on your hood kid I shitted on your hood, got to your burner too late I'm lookin real good, draped out Shinin like a fresh fifty cent piece, your girlfriend, c'mere Oh shit, you my man's niece, the gourmet pocket twenty bombs made of clay, Sexcapades take place We fucked in forty-eight shades might walk up in your studio time slap your engineer, it's lighter fluid to DAT style Hand me the matches now [Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef] Aiyyo rainbow Roley on the wrist, now what's this Niggaz bless this, eight and a half, Bally banana twist E shakes, puffin on lye, feedin the seed's plate Pullin out, old dirty eights to rob gates Major wake up, the kid telltales, make a nigga head wake up Beats break, the nigga would take off his time Honolulu status, gladdest the rich rock cabbage and dollar vans grands That nigga mad savage, stationary Hall of Justice Niggaz came clumped out Just came home, now they bunked out Money be longer than triple life til the sun burn out, that's my word Move it with the burner out Fidel way of thinkin, roll with the Mac bent Ac-10 Most of my team, Five Percent check what the live said Rollin with Guess vests pedestrians yo holdin my nuts, fuckin thousand dollar lesbians [Ghost] Yo, the Older God put me on and had to rock this [both] Maintain Three-Sixty Lord live prosperous [Ghost] It only takes a lesson a day, just to analyze life [both] one time in the respectable mind (repeat 2X) [Verse Three: The Genius/GZA] Let the shot spark, soon as his pit bull barks Tire scars from skid marks leaves from jams in school parks Witness, forget his, original statement Even in protection programs there's no escapement Gunned down, we in town, hit king from seven crowns Spent rounds catch him while he rhyme in the Zebra Lounge Wounded, back in the eighty-three summer heat Up in three-oh-nine park, rhymin off the drummer's beat I stalk the city streets demonstratin mic wrecks All lookin stank, I ain't playin wit a full deck And as they nervously stare, I know they scared They saw the coming of Wu, the neon in Times Square Household name, assassin, killa bee Mill to the grain, that posess the Wu, trilogy Quick to spot those that bite camoflouge and blend Those that got styles, they got identical twins Don't stretch the small thing, copycats are finnicky without skills, they master the art of mimicry But I go line for line on the whole page Your unspotted life on the mic is old age {*rocket fired, whistles off and explodes, breaking glass*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Maria Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*glasses/jewelry tinkling*} You my Daddy whore (2X) {*laughing*} [Cappa]	Whoever she gonna do anyway 	But bust it, bust it though baby, bust it 	Who else, who else is gonna... [Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard] This is dedicated to all you bitches Knew this bitch named Traj, she had a hella fine ass Candy-ass, blew my hole in the past Niggarette gave me gonorrhea Pussy dick to the tippy toe like ballerina Boy you shoulda seen her She had a babyface creamer Purinas Called up talkin Tina I put my dick in her womb She blew my head like a balloon I had her walkin on the moon [Verse Two: Cappadonna] Yo, I seen you at the five and dime wastin your time Oh you shine, I'm lookin at your ass from behind You walked by smellin like watermelon You might make me a felon, my eyeballs swellin My nuts start yellin, excuse my prick Wanna have a talk with you, I'm sick My medicine is can I walk with you, fantasy After that we can cheat, laid on the bed Handcuffed with hard meat, long stroke smackin Smack it then broke, nothin can't stop my continous poke, compound Porno flick music, Daddy came with it when I wrote it [Verse Three: Ol Dirty Bastard] Dirt Dog be bouncin on bitches like fog I pollute the air up like smog, bitch I'm up my jacuzzi, peepin this smoothie My bitch is a floozy, Dirt Dog ain't choosy Pussy move me, pretty black dick up in the booty I like it muddy and swampy By now you find your ass up shitty creeky Don't got no fuckin room me and my momma in my teepee Blackberry squeeze, bitch who a tease Titties small, I got used to the squeeze Fuck that shit, I'm through with this bitch Old hen please can't get a bank of these welfare cheese, now to blow fifty G's overseas, I'm doin the breeze, in my 850 [Verse Four: RZA] Suicidal, she been in more hotels than bibles Idle worshippin bitch wasn't the type to make bridle Sprung, on how the bitch maneuvered her tongue From the top of his dick, to the bottom of his ass split I told the God to jet quick this wicked bitch was a harlot but had him trapped up inside the Charlotte Web She wasn't choosy fucked for a movie and a loose leaf cigarette, pussy stay wet and juicy like lemons Big ass in tight denim Had the most faithful niggaz sinnin against their women and enjoyed, to watch relationships get destroyed This unemployed welfare bitch was non-void and shameless, her attitude was blameless Even though she had a hundred dicks on her namelist Her obsession, caused niggaz to get, the ass cheek injection The bitched lied, said she had urinary tract infection I tried to warn em, and bomb em, but she conned em Wanted niggaz to fuck her raw dog without no condom *woman moans* oooooh, ahahhh, ohh [Wu-Tang movie samples]   You people are all trying to acheive the impossible That's exactly what we've done   But you'll fail, and you'll all die If we die, the next generation will fight them too And the one after them, for as long as they must And eventually we shall succeed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: A Better Tomorrow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Inspectah Deck] Yo, this goes for all my brothers and sisters locked down For all my peoples incarcerated, for those who ain't make it Yo, in the housing, thousands seen early graves Victims of wordly ways, memories stays engraved All my live brothers, is locked down with high numbers The young hunger, blind to these lies, they die younger In this New World the Order slaughter men, women, and children Ten feet gates surround the building keep us sealed in The projects, lifeless like a vietnam vet Constant war, sever threats of enemy conquest Crooked cops comb my building complex that's in the rumble Streets are like a jungle, can't let my cypher crumble Vivid thoughts, Devils resort to trick knowledge They kick garbage, lust for chicks and quick dollars I know the pain the game bring, I did the same thing Spaced out in the staircase, performing a sting It's hard to keep control, I bless those who seek a scroll Trying to reach a whole nation and break the sleeper hold Not a role model, I walk a hard road to follow I sold bottles of sorrow then chose poems and novels The gospel was told, some souls it swallowed whole Mentally they fold, and they eventually sold their life and times, deadly like the virus design but too, minute to dilute, the scientist mind You can't party your life away Drink your life away Smoke your life away Fuck your life away Dream your life away Scheme your life away Cause your seeds grow up the same way [Masta Killa] A voice cries from the wilderness of the North A representation of the families that lost one all victims of incarceration Or other divisions of the family structure Youths are injected with serums that leads to skin irritations, babies being born with disfigurations, experimentations On their faces there bear worry-ations of mothers that carry the pain of blood stained streets where sisters mourn and wail Fifth brothers been slain from hails of gun fire It lightly begins to rain screams of terror are hidden by the passing trains This can't be little Hussein, his uncle cried As he drops to his nephew's side, holding his cane Just give me a name, of who has inflicted this bitter sickness, and left us to witness [U-God] Yeah, yo Curses from war, innocent blood spills for days Soothe in godly ways, hands, solemn in praise Tree of life, more precious than Wu is golden game The wise self flourish inherit, Halls of Fame Crime visions in my blood got me, locked in prison While we die hard living people whine about religion, vision Blow, spin, and sin and killing what's revealing It's a never ending battle with no ending or beginning, listen Zero process, progress, become the hunted America's most wanted, good life flaunted, want it Some love the speed, some satisfy a need Some want to be down, young gun seed, jungle breed The strong must feed, someone die, someone bleed One flew astray, and it caught my little seed Can it be, the ice have us trife life, made me grab the knife The righteous man was beat with many stripes, pipes Take in my energy, breath and know the rest Cause the good die young and the hard die best You can't party your life away Drink your life away Smoke your life away Fuck your life away Dream your life away Scheme your life away Cause your seeds grow up the same way Cause your seeds grow up the same way Cause your seeds grow up the same way [RZA] Y'all bitches love dances, and pulling down your pants while your man's on tour, your spending up his advances Your friends ain't shit, all they do is drink, smoke, and suck dick The whole projects is trapped in stench You either high school drop-outs, one to three cop-outs Fifteen years old, shorty ass and top out Ninety-nine cent beer drinking pussy stinking Fucking so much your ass and titties start shrinking New World Order slave trade, minimum wage, Medicaid Can a devil fool a Muslim nowadays Inside my lab, I'm going mad Took two drags off the blunts, and started breaking down the flag The blue is for the Crips, the red is for the Bloods The whites for the cops, and the stars come from the clubs or the slugs that ignites, through the night, by the dawn Early light, why is sons fighting for the stripe [Method Man] As we dwell through this concrete hell, calling it home Mama say, take your time young man and build your own Don't wind up like your old dad Still searching for them glory days he never had So many bad want to scheme for American dream, no more kings The cash rule everything now, we going down These babies looking up to us, it's up to us The Million Man March MC's, get on the bus But envy, greed, lust, and hate, separate Though the devil mind state blood kin cannot relate No longer, brothers, we unstable Like Kane when he slew Abel, killing each other You can't party your life away Drink your life away Smoke your life away Fuck your life away Dream your life away Scheme your life away Cause your seeds grow up the same way Cause your seeds grow up the same way Cause your seeds grow up the same way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: It's Yourz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Raekwon the Chef] Machine gun rap for all my niggaz in the back Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flashback See through yellow lines Rock a fly jersey in the summertime God Magic marker rap, bleed Benatton Relaxed, wrote this, comin at cha crab ass cope and snatch ya ice off, chillin in the back, throw the lights off Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion Thick snare, I'm feelin like a snail in the ocean What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris? Melodic single, dark snap a nigga just like fish You fucked up, some rich niggaz you done test yo Select the wrong apartment, and niggaz pulled up your dress Style molest that, canal chain nigga where ya vest at Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo Saddam Hu-sane niggaz light the torch, we flamin niggaz Autograph that, flatten all the main niggaz Chorus: [All] It's Yourz! [RZA] The world in the palm of your hand [All] It's Yourz! [RZA] Twenty-three million of useful land [All] It's Yourz! [RZA] The seed and the black wo-man [All] It's Yourz! [RZA] Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan [All] It's Yourz! (2X) [Verse Two: U-God] Yo, super freak physique. like Raphael Saadiq Baby love the ganja leaf, everday of the week Super friends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats The night is right, I might find me a suite It's a quarter full moon, now I ride with my swoon Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom Keep in stride, smoke the lah smoke the boom Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes Hell bound, species forty ounce typhoon The ultra-violet scream machine move your body touch The totem pole wobble Ark builders God rush Beams of light, stop ya breathin -- it's huntin season Honey eye-ballin down for no reason Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors Never mind the laws, cause tonight [All] It's Yourz [Verse Three: RZA] Stop the fader of the RAM, pass my watts through my pre-amp Them can't stress the beat vamp the shit'll get blam at full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle Crack your soul like bottles, leave you stiff as models You fag, you couldn't pull one drag -- off my blunt You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag with scissors in your hands -- bitch, the RZA I stand close to walls, like number four the lizard Enchant a few solar panels, blast off like Roman Candles Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wahoo McDaniel You cocker spaniel dogs, can't fuck with our catalog Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog [Verse Four: Inspectah Deck] It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you The impact'll blow trees back and crack statues Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit explicit, I crystalize the rhyme so you can sniff it We live this, fitted hats low conceal the Crooked I No surprise, verbal stick up -- put em high Rebel I, outlaw, split second on the draw Blow the door off this shit, like bricks of C-4 Chorus [Verse Five: Ghostface] Check out my beaver, baby blue glock in the safe Seems Darthy and the God and get ski roll weight We hold a belt Son, that's my word Spot a rapper run him down, throw him out in the third, yo check it I think like the man behind a register Evergreen smokin estates, rhyme and power made me treasurer With third down, six to go flash his strobe lights I'm open RZA hit me off lovely and I love him With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday, the babyface of rap politic with Sade Avenging eagle crooks rock the "W" and "Spiegel" books Annheiser Busch kings came through, and stopped your whole jooks Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes Painful like hearin the news, like when your man go Ends blow, windy at times watch the room sheisty girl Love to sit out this song, now watch your water break Chorus: latter 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA.com [RZA] Yo, yo one two one two, yo live in effect We got the king Ruler Zig-Zag-Zag Allah Commonly known to y'all as the RZA Yo before we go into side two or side B of this double CD Knahmsayin I want to give y'all a little announcement man For the last year there's been a lot of music comin out the shit been weak, knowhatI'msayin? A lot of niggaz trying to take hip-hop and make that shit R&B, rap and bullshit yaknowhatI'msayin? Or make that shit funk Fuck that, this is MCin right here, this is hip-hop Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang gonna bring it to you in the purest form I got the GZA on my side, Killah Priest Sunz of Man, Royal Fam, Killarmy, Gravediggaz, 12 O'Clock Yo, we want to let y'all niggaz know somethin man To my people all across the world; Japan, Europe -- knowhatI'msayin? Canada, knowmean -- Austria, Germany, Sweden Yo, this is true hip-hop you listenin to right here In the pure form, this ain't no R&B with a wack nigga takin the loop Be loopin that shit thinkin it's gonna be the sound of the culture YaknowhatI'msayin? (That player bullshit) YaknowhatI'msayin? All that player dressin up on this shit, actin like this some kind of fashion show man YaknowhatI'msayin? This is hip-hop right here YaknowhatI'msayin? This is lyrics, MCin And yo, to y'all niggaz who think you going to become an MC overnight YaknowhatI'msayin? Better snap out that fuckin dream Man it takes years for this you Cat in the Hat ass rappers You Dr. Seuss, Mother Goose, simple minded (Stop runnin up on niggaz with all that wack shit) Word up man (I'm talking about you MC's) You ain't no MC; niggaz ain't made for this yaknowhatI'msayin? This shit was Only Built 4 Cuban Linx -- we told y'all niggaz back then And then everybody wanted to change their motherfuckin name YaknowhatI'msayin? We come out with a style Now everybody wanna imitate our style and all you producers out there YaknowhatI'msayin? It's all good to show love to a nigga But stop bitin my shit, yaknowhatI'msayin? Come from your own heart with this shit And all y'all MC's, stop biting from my niggaz We told ya'll niggaz on the fucking Cuban Linx album Don't bite our shit, y'all niggaz keep biting Yo, I'm going to tell y'all something man It's time for the Wu revolution right here To all my niggaz across the world Raise your motherfucking fist in the air And get ready for the Triumph Cause the Gods is here to take over this shit Word up, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Triumph Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * FINAL VERSION (no corrections accepted) [Ol Dirty Bastard] What y'all thought y'all wasn't gon' see me? I'm the Osirus of this shit Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfucker It's like this ninety-seven Aight my niggaz and my niggarettes Let's do it like this I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine Let's take it back to seventy-nine [Inspectah Deck] I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypothesis can't define how I be droppin these mockeries, lyrically perform armed robbery Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me Battle-scarred shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous, ultra-violet shine blind forensics I inspect you, through the future see millenium Killa B's sold fifty gold sixty platinum Shacklin the masses with drastic rap tactics Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths Black Wu jackets queen B's ease the guns in Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function Heads by the score take flight incite a war Chicks hit the floor, diehard fans demand more Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly Proceeds to blow swingin swords like Shinobi Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock Wu got it locked, performin live on your hottest block [Method Man] As the world turns, I spread like germs Bless the globe with the pestilence, the hard-headed never learn It's my testament to those burned Play my position in the game of life, standin firm on foreign land, jump the gun out the fryin pan, into the fire Transform into the Ghostrider, a six-pack and +A Streetcar Named Desire+, who got my back? In the line of fire holdin back, what? My peoples if you with me where the fuck you at? Niggaz is strapped, and they tryin to twist my beer cap It's court adjourned, for the bad seed from bad sperm Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm, what the blood clot, we smoke pot, and blow spots You wanna think twice, I think not The Iron Lung ain't got ta tell you where it's coming from Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone Rip through your slums [Cappadonna] I twist darts from the heart, tried and true Loop my voice on the LP, martini on the slang rocks Certified chatterbox, vocabulary 'Donna talkin Tell your story walkin Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother, kid Run for your team, and your six camp rhyme groupies So I can squeeze with the advantage, and get wasted My deadly notes reigns supreme Your fort is basic compared to mine Domino effect, arts and crafts Paragraphs contain cyanide Take a free ride on my dart, I got the fashion catalogues for all y'all to all praise to the Gods [Ol Dirty Bastard] The saga continues Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang [U-God] Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet The thrill of victory, the agony, defeat We crush slow, flamin deluxe slow For, judgment day cometh, conquer, it's war Allow us to escape, hell glow spinning bomb Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms Tune spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound The fateful step make, the blood stain the ground A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum A death kiss, catwalk, squeeze another anthem Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anesthetics My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas My music Sicily, rich California smell An axekiller adventure, paint a picture well I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sippin on ginseng Righteous wax chaperone, rotating ring king [RZA] Watch for the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us A thousand men rushin in, not one nigga was sober Perpendicular to the square, we stamp gold like Fleer Escape from your Dragon's Lair, in particular My beats travel like a vortex, through your spine to the top of your cerebrum cortex Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream now terminal, like Grand Central Station Program fat baselines, on Novation Getting drunk like a fuck, I'm duckin five-year probation [GZA] War of the masses, the outcome, disastrous Many of the victim family save they ashes A million names on walls engraved in plaques Those who went back, received penalties for the axe Another heart is torn as close ones mourn Those who stray, niggaz get slayed on the song [Masta Killa] The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds and leaks sounds that's heard ninety-three million miles away from came one to represent the Nation, this is a gathering of the masses that come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage The high chief Jamel-I-Reef take the stage Light is provided through sparks of energy from the mind that travels in rhyme form Givin sight to the blind The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum Death only one can save self from This relentless attack of the track spares none [Ghostface Killah] Yo! Yo! Yo, fuck that, look at all these crab niggaz laid back Lampin like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack Codeine was forced in your drink You had a Navy Green salamander fiend, bitches never heard you scream You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb Blowin like Shalamar in eighty-one Sound convincin, thousand dollar court by convention Hands, like Sonny Liston, get fly permission  Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch it's me, black nobled you Ali Came in threes we like the Genovese, is that so?  Caesar needs the greens, it's Earth Ninety-three million miles from the first Rough turbulence, the waveburst, split the megahertz [Raekwon] Aiyyo that's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk Connect thoughts to make my manchild walk Swift notarizer, Wu-Tang, all up in the high-riser New York Yank' visor world tranquilizer Just a dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives While, my pen blow lines ferocious Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick Tear down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God The swift chancellor, flex, the white-gold tarantula Track truck diesel, play the weed God, substantiala Max mostly, undivided, then slide in, sickenin Guaranteed, made em jump like Rod Strickland The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Tekitha Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Impossible Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA]  Yo... check check it [Tekitha] You can never defeat [RZA]  Yo check the method of this shit right here one time [Tekitha] The Gods [RZA]  Sparkin your braincells to the upmost [Tekitha] Impossible [RZA]  Unlimited epidemics bein spreaded [Tekitha] You can never defeat [RZA]  You know, we try and add on for y'all niggas [Tekitha] The Gods [RZA]  Yo, yo [Verse One: RZA] Fusion of the five elements, to search for the higher intelligence Women walk around celibate, livin irrelevant The most benelovent king, communicatin through your dreams Mental pictures been painted, Allah's heard and seen everywhere, throughout your surroundin atmosphere Troposphere, thermosphere, stratosphere Can you imagine from one single idea, everything appeared here Understanding makes my truth, crystal clear Innocent black immigrants locked in housing tenemants Eighty-Five percent tenants depend on welfare recipients Stapleton's been stamped as a concentration camp At night I walk through, third eye is bright as a street lamp Electric microbes, robotic probes Taking telescope pictures of globe, babies getting pierced with microchips stuffed inside their earlobes, then examinated Blood contaminated, vaccinated, lives fabricated Exaggerated authorization, Food and Drug Administration Testin poison in prison population My occupation to stop the innauguration of Satan Some claim that it was Reagan, so I come to slay men like Bartholemew, cause every particle is physical article was diabolical to the last visible molecule A space night like Rom, consume planets like Unicron Blasting photon bombs from the arm like Galvatron [Verse Two: U-God] United Nations, gun fire style patient Formulatin rap plural acapella occupation Conquer land like Napoleon, military bomb fest We want sanitary food, planetary conquest Thug peoples on some hardco' body shit Get your shit together 'fore the fuck Illuminati hit Dreams is free in escape of sleep For a fool peep jewels, keep tools for tough time The rule of rough mind, elevate, stay behind The sun gotta shine, keep on, cremate the whole Babylon, times up, move on Kings on your pawn, checkmate, no fakes opposed through the gate, case closed Things get froze, when it comes time, chosen ones were holding guns, we take flight with no fright and attack, never fear cause our words is clear What's been done can't be undone Son, we can't care Cause the last days and times are surely here Snakes and flakes get blown, by the rightous ones Divine minds bind, we unified as one Half of black folk, we half broke, smoke a bowl of weed shit Our everlastin essence stay flyin over Egypt [Chorus: Tekitha] For you to defeat, the Gods Impossible, you can never... defeat The Gods, impossible For you to defeat, the Gods [Verse Three: Ghostface Killah] Call an ambulance, Jamie been shot, word to Kemit Don't go Son, nigga you my motherfuckin heart Stay still Son, don't move, just think about Keeba She'll be three in January, your young God needs you The ambulance is taking too long Everybody get the fuck back, excuse me bitch, gimme your jack One, seven one eight, nine one one, low battery, damn Blood comin out his mouth, he bleedin badly Nahhh Jamie, don't start that shit Keep your head up, if you escape hell we gettin fucked up When we was eight, we went to Bat Day to see the Yanks In Sixty-Nine, his father and mines, they robbed banks He pointed to the charm on his neck With his last bit of energy left, told me rock it with respect I opened it, seen the God holdin his kids Photogenic, tears just burst out my wig Plus he dropped one, oh shit, here come his Old Earth With no shoes on, screamin holdin her breasts with a gown on She fell and then lightly touched his jaw, kissed him Rubbed his hair, turned around the ambulance was there Plus the blue coats, Officer Lough, took it as a joke Weeks ago he strip-searched the God and gave him back his coke Bitches yellin, Beenie Man swung on Helen In the back of a cop car, dirty tarts are tellin But suddenly a chill came through it was weird Felt like my man, was cast out my heaven now we share Laid on the stretcher, blood on his Wally's like ketchup Deep like the full assassination with a sketch of it It can't be, from Yohoo to Lee's Second grade humped the teachers, about to leave Finally this closed chapter, comes to an end He was announced, pronounced dead, y'all, at twelve ten [Outro: Raekwon and Tekitha] Now what my man is trying to tell y'all Is that across the whole globe (you can never) The murder rates is increasin, and we decreasin (you can never) So at the same time, when you play with guns When you play with guns Son (you can never defeat) That causes the conflict of you goin against your own (the Gods) You hear me, so let's pay attention Straight up and down, cause this is only a story From the real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Little Ghetto Boys Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon] Yo, you know what I mean? Chillin within [Rakeem] Word up, niggaz is stupid [Cappa] Look out for the cops man, look out for the cops [Raekwon] Yo it was on last year Son [Rakeem] Huh? Fuck them cops [Ghost] Word [Raekwon] Scrape them niggaz [Raekwon] Niggaz want two hundred grand over the table [Ghost] Like this  [Raekwon] That shit looks pretty [Rakeem] Yo [Ghost] I don't know what the fuck made em in they own mind [Raekwon] Pass the weed off man *inhale* [Ghost] think they could come f, they could fuck wit this Dunn [Rakeem] Yo G, the Mexican niggaz is definitely buggin the fuck {*cop's walkie talkie is heard*} [Raekwon] Mike's was crystal, erythang [Rakeem] other Mexicans be all the fuck up on your shit nigga {*cop's walkie talkie still babbling*} [Method] Aiyyo you got a light? [THE PIG] Excuse me can you put that out please? [Method] Oh shit [Raekwon] For what? For what? [Method] Jiggy [THE PIG] Could you please put that out? [Raekwon] For what? I ain't puttin.. [THE PIG] Put the shit out now! [Raekwon] I ain't puttin shit out!! [THE PIG] UP AGAINST THE FUCKIN WALL! {*everything gets chaotic*} [THE PIG] UP AGAINST THE FUCKIN WALL!!! [Rakeem] The fuckin bitch? Get that bitch! [Raekwon] Slap fire out! [THE PIG] Oh no no no no no no no [Raekwon] Get your shit right [THE PIG] Get what? [Raekwon] We gonna swerve on these niggaz one time that's my word {*music fades in*} "What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility" [Raekwon] That's comin from Louis Rich [Raekwon] Baggin, you know what time it is, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo [Verse One: Raekwon the Chef] Put them cracks down you just started slangin two months ago Whattup with Larry Francisco tell him to let that bitch go Why you standin there? Posin you like Donna Karan wear Nigga save that, the same shit you had it last year You be runnin with them outsiders That shit is fucked up yo, we never turn to dick riders Your Mac is big, got a little grip, yo You think that shit gon live what he did -- what this nigga said Remember when his mans got there, the whole shit was set up Shut up, whole fam want the science and the letter It got back to me some niggaz in Medina askin me "You know some niggaz in the gold E-Class," splash to me Yo that shit you had in Vegas Yo, it coulda got us both sprayed up They seen the Ac, noticed Jada Hair salon, treatin shorty like Qu'ran Her fam major swing kingpins you won't dare front on Octavia with all the ice on, yo She own a carwash now, her little Keon doin triple life Marry a Son who got baked, it coulda been for a half a cake, play the shank, maybe bite her Shit is fucked up when they got us yo She fainted at her baby wake now watch the breakdown "..face responsiblity" She fainted at her baby wake now yo watch the breakdown "Little ghetto boy, playin in the ghetto street" [Verse Two: Cappadonna] Yo all of y'all niggaz got the whole story wrong Talk what you talk but twist the real song When it comes down to this, not a licensed driver Show y'all niggaz whose style is more liver This is not a act this is more actual fact Nuttin but experience placed upon track with the true sound, not lyin out the crown When we not workin we hardly be around Yeah see the light, right now we could fight You not a real brother you just a fake type that get on the mic then, throw your cliche Half the East coast soundin just like Rae If you a Gambino, give credit to the flow If you not a part of this kid act like you know Fuck the studio, Cappachino the great Fly cherry head niggaz like planes out of state I ain't friends with you, only my CD hit you If you want some then stop frontin is the issue It's my turn, live niggaz could pass Two-face-ted rappers push they shit last Straight off the edge, into the rubbish Peep my new style fuck Cristal and Moet I drink Evian water while my thoughts get published "What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?" "Little ghetto boy, playin in the ghetto streets  What you gonna do when you grow up..." "What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?" "Little ghetto boy, playin in the ghetto streets  What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?" {*35 seconds of instrumental pass until the martial arts samples*}   One is invulnerable, in fact   it involves strenuous breath control   Out of all techniques, it's the most difficult   The human body has a hundred and eight pressure points   Thirty-six of these can be fatal   The remainder, paralyzing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Street Life (a.k.a. Street Thug) Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Deadly Melody Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Masta Killa] As we return, to the 36 Chambers The RZA, the GZA The Ol Dirty BZA U-God, Chef, the Ghostface Killah And Meth, Rebel I soldier for the foreclosure Don't forget about the Masta, yo Motherfuckers halt, when my Colt, start stompin Thunder, strikes your land with a jolt Your stamina level is low, like currents from the volts of relentless punishment that multiplies At a speed that the naked eye can't die-tect the infantry, peep the weapon-try as I bomb atomically Stagnant they stood surrounded and astounded by this total square mileage of violence that I brung I've not yet begun to stung It's the ethics, the rigorous training methods of the Abbott, incite overseas to opposition Penetrates then infiltrates Breakin down your resistance Leavin competition defenseless, Masta Hip-hop antagonizer, dumb deaf and blind civilizer with the silencer [U-God] Psssh, yo Pile-driver Tut boulder face blow Hulk Anger rap book causin chess blade smoke Monster truck, punk, elephant gun poke Jaw-breaker humanoid vice-grip, choke Face the inferno, maestro, pull it Pipe hard slang, bite the golden bullet Never, sold my soul Golden Arm cold stinger See me on the streets address me stone bringer Ease away, freeze back, feedback, play out in sweet action packed rap Bite it, stomp on a beat Posess hollow head battle teeth Tony Atlas Wu status, now, wisdom to the masses [RZA] Cock back my tongue like a hammer, my head is like a nickel-plated bammer, spit forty-five caliber grammar At the speed of wind makes you bleed within Crack your skull, without penetratin your skin Reign of champ official, Wu scamp with black pistols Spent the weekend programmin fat tracks at Camp Cristal [Method] Home on the range, rebel with a pen writin critically acclaimed scriptures that do you in Mista, Meth, Hot Nickels Say my shit holding my Sex Pistol, deal me in [RZA] The bewilderin killa bee quickly sting ya I ain't gotta lift one fuckin finga Make sure the God I-reef turns on the ringer, we duckin the subpeona Fatal Flying Guillotine machine from Medina [MK] Check the 150 millimeter   heater as it blows holes through your fuckin speaker [U-God] Makin you weaker creepin inches centimeters [GZA] Fifty caliber street sweeper   Shots from Shaolin that go to Masapeaqua [Method]  Things'll never be the same, after this one Ghostrider spit flame, lay back and twist one Recognize the Gods came, for one accord One mind and one common cause, that's the shit Son Play them crows out position You might hear me but you don't listen Competition come and get some on Red marker still bleedin, through the paper of his sick premeditated, murder caper [Street Life] I walk with the Shaolin strut, burn a dutch Watch Street eat em up, cold crush, bumrush Spot rusher get touched backed up handcuffed Y'all niggaz can't FUCK with us [Ghostface] Pass me the black velvet embassy suite killin me Spell it Maxi Priest caught me in the days up on Delancy Street Stand solar, deadly vengeance with a crowbar It's like the dreads worshipin Jah, so ha-lo-ha Pineapple crushed 850 swerve it with a rush Plush the Canola Range spittin off the roof, holdin my change Yo it's ragtime, universal 12 Monkey mind It's like, stalkin through your airport *BZZZZZZT* with a chunky nine [Street Life] The undervolt Staten New York Blood sport gun talk holdin fort back, take em to court (Method: One time) It's the burner Shaolin bound facedown you gets murdered Roadblock shell shocked, stretched on a back block Yo it's warfare when you ring here, slugs fly through midair Landin thugs in wheelchairs from the slugfest Keeps the iron, where the head rest, for the conquest Subway, wordplay ricochet through your projects, crime pays Matched up in a staircase, in a dark place embraced by the trey-eight, I'm in so deep I can't escape These crime situations, I stay in man formation And shot echoes through the ghetto locations y'all remain P.L.O., slam cats like Bam Bam, Bigolo Throw a flow like Nomo relate like Fidel Castro I be the great all pro, hangin MC's by they logos My street journal reacts and blaze like an inferno The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: The City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown conversation which carries over from the last track] That's black?   Whattup God? Aiyyo Shorty got beef with that nigga? Word? {*blam, blam blam*} Oh shit!!! Yo!   Hold the fuck up Aiyyo yo, eight niggaz down (just enough) Fuckin around with my sound (ci-ty) Yo, bring backup (ci-ty) Fuckin with me, and mine Murderous [Inspectah Deck] Check it, yo The world is shifty, we livin just enough for the city The rough witty killa bee sting just like the jiggy My Family Stone, foes attempt to gradually clone Label them my anus and the casualty's home And closed coffin, Wu stormin like the light brigade ride the wave like Frankie Avalon As I decipher AIDS crime pays The law's long arm be tryin to strong arm Walkin timebombs before I bomb firearm The chalm smoker, I hit the dread with a poster He toke with his own love and expose the black toaster Composer was shook I took your bad looks for joke get your back broke Deep throat this murder I wrote The antidote be seekin like a buried treasure By every measure lethally inject your whole sector Wanted dead or alive Rebel I escapes across the desert sand leavin no footprints to trace Keep a war face, in your place Conceal the baby knives on the North breaks I still shine in shady times Yeah, yo We livin just enough (livin just enough) Just enough (in the ci-ty) Just enough, for the ci-ty Yo, in the jungle I make moves like Iron Monkey Plots to bump me off D.O.T. be on the hunt for me We stay hungry, for money drugs and guns Ones who fake get caught in the crossfire for crumbs Know the science be my Goddess The facts tell gats sell like sex and violence And break the project silence, a vision This is way beyond four corners, escape this mental prison Before we're all goners, now embrace the world for the world war is ocean bomber Visionary soldier comma My code of honor, mind still start from the drama Trauma sent the victim, witness them run, scream in horror Military chopper come gun down the slum The outcome do or die Son it's bound to come Mentally aware I see truth within the square The future's here catch me on computer software Warfare's inevitable, Rebel I hold several government official Issue thirty-eight specials, that step through Like Nat Turner create a spectacle I may die in the scuffle but I'm takin forty devils We livin just enough Just enough Just enough For the ci-ty Killa Beez, stingin MC's-AH Yeahhh, Wu! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: The Projects Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon chattin with Shy] Peace God    Peace to the Gods How you God?   Studyin one-twenty right now Mmmm   Call me back at the God Hour [Raekwon the Chef] The Fuck?   It's just the new way of thinkin Light up the broccoli kid Throw the relish in my back pocket Keep your eyes open Push your seat back, just flow... That's how we doin it Bound by honest sword take over the set; rap from here to Que-bec Throw up the tech, crash your intellect select a vet Swimsuit mammal handle, yo every fly vandal go to project Slam you like Hamill's wife 'fore the scandal Wally sandal just a sample, my niggaz fertilize thoughts Yo mad support drink a quart then bamboo When nasty can blew, my pen sterile won't perform if I'm not lampable Askin my man'll get you slapped down; play the anthem Lit it who wit it champagne get it, that's the ticket Solid nines soundin like crickets snatchin worker shipment Pull the air, long dick it, we talk right before we left lifted Just like a long sleeve, guess who rip it? [God] Projects [Rae] My niggaz survive, just like a movin target [God] Projects [Rae] Where niggaz live and some sell garbage that's [God] Projects [Rae] Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin [God] New York projects [Rae] I'm livin large yo, stop miragin [Method Man] Sign of the times, conspiracy to overthrow the mind Behind every fortune there's a crime This technique is tech-9 Blast at any Close Encounter of the Third Kind This be the evil that man do, we dismantle, any adversary Them niggaz all thumbs and can't handle, my flurry Hear me, you jam all you want to scare me Don't even kid me, shit in my coke aimin at cha kidney  Pressure, Red Hot like Chili Pepper Black 'n Decker, hardware avoid the leper  Five o'clock shadowboxer, hold down the sector  Bet ya bottom dollar lecture, be hard to swallow  Double oh-seven mark The secret agent that Max/well and Get Smart, through entertainment Welcome to The Killin Fields, with Johnny Dangerous  Headbanger boogie niggaz goin thru changes [God] Projects [Rae] My niggaz survive, just like a movin target [God] Projects [Rae] Where niggaz live and some sell garbage that's [God] Projects [Rae] Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin [God] Projects [Rae] I'm livin large yo, stop miragin [Ghostface Killah] Suck my dick it's the kid with the fat knob I bust all into ya face, plus it come in globs Quick get on your knees, with yo' sweet pussy let it breathe Two fingers is all in your hole, think I can fit three Your pink lips, spread it in shit, let me throw my dick in Grab my shit and place it gently, on your clit Ping-pong pussy, wide world of wombs titty saggin Stomach on some scriveled up prune shit Too much air in your pussy you screamin that it's TALKIN TO YOU DADDY, fart's breathin out your lips splashin my dick badly Use vinegar, to try to tighten up your ginger All-mighty dick, ran in with a cape, some call him engine Lightning rod bob, black candy cane attatched to God Thick, like a great adventure cigar, in your garage Pregnant pussy have you fall out, like Remi on the house Watch the teeth for slobbin my shit You bit it on the couch, dry pussy leave the friction burns Plus beef I hone, the condom broke Bitch you got AIDS I'm shakin in my bones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Bells of War Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: U-God] Yeah, yo Give me the cue Skip the introduction, prosate the lip function The junction get rushed by some grimy people bustin weed Splatter yo' melon like some Attica fellas Use a firearm good, bloods go for heart swelling Insert the spasm, yes the dirty hurt has 'em Thoroughbred thugs insert the phantasm Verbal smarts, spark the word, visit my scripture Exotic wine, holding nine, Picasso pictures When the rhyme pivot you now, limit your chance Bodyguard the lyric with unlimited stance Words seem to zing on down to Beijing When we touch down you crown renowned kings [Verse Two: Method Man] There's no honor amongst theives, street pharmaceutical Stack like Genovese, the four devils tempt mad men But not these, we profound hardcore sound To MC's thumbs down, prepare Killa bees it be warfare, this the year Niggaz gotta take you off of here, hold the square If we go there we go gritty And spread fear through this rap city, call the mayor My razor sharp darts be like cold stares The smell of fear makes my nostrils -- flair, truth or dare Ask yourself can you compare to these niggaz in the hood, Johnny B. Goode or he be gone, yeah The struggle goes on, you've been warned P.L.O. from here to Lebanon, how many bombs Must we drop in the Ninety-Now Walk a mile in my shoes, get the street news, from Meth-Tical [Verse Three: RZA] You gots to be kidding, you gots to be kidding Aiyyo kid, you gots to be kidding, my glocks'll be spitting You gots to be kidding, yo It's common sense how I master my circum-fer-ence, you dense I get locked the fuck up, released on my own recognizance Can't be judged, young bloods bust back like scuds Wu-Tang harvest one thousand notches above MC level, yo, I stay high as like treble Foes who oppose get plucked like rose pedals Arresting and holdin, penetrate forbidden regions Whack MC's only lastin one season The morale was low at the corral Adjective pronouns had no style, yo, we propose our aim the official, initial, is Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah All that other bullshit ain't permissable Annual increase of the Wu-Tang Manual Handles to a keyboard is true hip hop's intangible illegible, every egg ain't edible My tracks remain Unforgettable, like Ol' Nat Cole Got to catch this paper to buy Shaquasia a glacier Throw chairs to deck a skyscraper Understand that the continents of Africa and Asia and free the black man from the enslaved labor, Wu-Tang [Interlude: Masta Killa, Method Man, Raekwon] The weight of the fam is on our back and we can't fall Victim to this long hall of fame, meaning nuttin We came to punish the glutton with a substance That can't be contained, Wu-Tang Motherfuckers We be seeing y'all asses when we walk up in the club Y'all all in the back Scared to speak the speak cause you scared Punk motherfucker, we know what time it is [Raekwon conversating with some people] All you been seeing is upsets in the box and shit right It's like come on man This nigga fucked up motherfuckin Whittaker 	Dang, he caught Whittaker Mmmmhmmm 	He caught Whittaker a long time ago Mike got touched 	Then Mike got touched by Holyfield Holyfield 	Yeah, word up 		Hey, Mike's -- Mike's gonna forfeit this fight 		He ain't fighting McDermit 	He ain't fightin? 		Nope 	Whattup? 		You talkin bout he -- what he, what he, what he did? 		Told them he cut his eye, in sparring [Verse Four: Ghostface Killah] Style adoral rap pressing, David Berkowitz Einstein birth to hit, now nurture it M.G.M. front row seat tonight, no gens Purified cleanse, ran into some beef up in the men's Fix your sawed off, Wu-Tang throw me off the cross All you saw was white meat, skin hangin off These is words from the Arch Bishop, some call it six up The Betty Crocker, marvel cake stakes admissor Wax janitor, black Jack Mulligan from Canada Slam dance, tarantula style, youse a fan of the Monopoly king, Slavic poetry Carnegie Hall's off the hook, let's push through the armory Mack truck hitting soloist, soul controllers Behold of the thousand teeth fist, swift and boneless [Outro: RZA] You know, cause Wu-Tang is invincible, youknowhatI'mean? It's Wu-Tang Forever God (invincible) Knahmsaying? We gonna get down with that W You gonna get down with that W That's that Wu, that's that Wisdom YouknowhatI'msayin? That's the Wisdom of the Universe That's the truth, of Allah, for the Nation, of the Gods YouknowhatI'msayin? We breakin egg through these days God YouknowhatI'msayin? We got the fuckin way We got the medicine for yo' sickness Out here, ya knowhatImean? I was telling Shorty like -- Yo Shorty, you don't even gotta go to summer school Pick up the Wu-Tang double CD And you'll get all the education you need this year YouknowhatImean? (Their poisoned minds can't comprehend this shit) Word man, it's Wu-Tang Forever God Niggaz can't fuck with these lyrics God YouknowhatI'msayin? Knahmean? (Oh hell no, none of this shit) C'mon man -- beats, lyrics man, y'all niggaz (Niggaz can't even understand half this shit) Nah (man, no) I think niggaz ain't gonna figure it out til the year Two-G (Wax niggaz ass for free or fee) Word Yo, you know what? The next Wu-Tang album ain't even comin out until Two Thousand YaknowhatImean? That's just gonna come back with a comet You hear, we gonna bring a comet (Check for that shit in the millenium) YouknowhatImean? So, yo, y'all niggaz man (Be the ressurection) The Gods is here man Born Gods is here (Born God) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: The M.G.M. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [both] Yo, up in the M.G.M. coked up [Ghost] Sike! Six niggaz walked in flashing they gems peace [Rae] Aight! One dark skinned nigga fifty-six inch rope   wrapped around twice [Ghost] Smash the Gilligan boat with ice [Rae] They threw sign language [Ghost] Ordered hot coffee [both] wit a danish [Ghost] Relax -- whispered, "They rap entertainers" [Rae] Had Lizzy on, two Japanese birds with furs look good kid [Ghost] Laid back handlin hors d'ourves [Rae] It's like round three [Ghost] We too black for BET   You memorize the 1 to 40 [Rae] I'm at the 19th degree   If a civilized person doesn't perform, his duty   What shall be done? [Ghost] Pardon me God, that nigga gotta gun   Bulgin out his sweatpants, check out his stance   See the side of his grill? [Rae] Look like my cousin Lance   Left hand rock a Guess watch [Ghost] Yo I think I did his Clarks he wore the crush bone leather   with the strings dark [Rae] Now I remember [Ghost] He from Bear Mountain   He and Mitch Greene shot the fair one [Rae] Near the water fountain [Ghost] Seventh round, Chavez bleedin from his right ear   Yo keep ya eye on that same nigga from right here [Rae] Popcorn spilling all on Liz Claiborne   Ghost had the fly Gucci mocks wit no socks on   Seen Deion Sanders in the back with the fat fur on [Ghost] Workin dem hoes with the fly Wu shirts on   Mixed drink session Dunn [Rae] Pour me some more [Ghost] Chef leathered down blinking at Chante Moore [Rae] Tenth round Chavez tearin em down [Ghost] Sweet Pea get ya shit off [Rae] It's like blacks against the Germans [Ghost] Gettin hit off [Rae] Smooth and them walked in [Ghost] Brownsville representin [Rae] They sent a bottle over, autograph blessin [Ghost] Chef pull out the doodle twist the dank pink noodles [Rae] Yo I'm bout to roll one [Ghost] Matter fact twist two of those [Rae] Yo they wound up stoppin the fight   Steels took a point away from Chavez [Ghost] Rematch scheduled on October Ninth   Rematch scheduled on October Ninth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Dog Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *dogs barking* [Ol Dirty Bastard] All y'all bitches put your naps together And all you niggaz put your dicks together, bitch (Ol Dirty starts singing) Hoeeeee! 			Yah ha heh De, hayyyy!			Ah ha he hay De, haaaaa!			Errr hah hahhhr Haaaaaaaah			He hawww, heahh She flew in like calm breeze Tall brown skin her weave like palm trees I went coconuts Dipped my Dunkin' between your Donut Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch! Fathership touch ground, like fly on soup Don't invite me I tear the fuck down White ones cut my toupee! Seventh day rester, or scream play I slump MC slay, it ain't nuttin to bust ass Bullet him, get him fast Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash The dog piss on MC's like trees Got meals but still grill that old good welfare cheese (Ol Dirty sings again) Hoeeeeee!  Yeah, hayyyy!			Dedicated to all you bitch ass niggaz De, haaaaa			And you bitch ass niggarettes Bitch! Hoeeeeee!		Motherfuckers! [RZA] Let that bitch go! Shame on a nuh, who tried to step TUH the Ol Dirty Bas, put my foot up your UHH Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight Hoeeeeee! [Method] Stankin ass hoes! You're the type of bitch don't appreciate sheeeit Never had sheeeit, so you won't be sheeeeit That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair on my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me down *SLURP, SLURP* I'm Doo Doo Brown! Hehahahaha Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now Callin me a dog, well leave a dog alone Cause nothin can stop me from buryin my bones in the backyard, of someone else's house Ol Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out Here comes Rover, sniffin at your ass But pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass That means hoe, you been shit-ted on! I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn (crazy drunken ass ODB singin again) Hoeeeee! Yeah, heyyyy, de haaaaa Hoe, ohhaowwohh! Hoeeeee, de heyyyy (This is dedicated to all y'all bitches) De, haaaahhhh Hoeeeee! Yeah, heyyyy, de haaaaa Ahahaahaaah Fuck y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Duck Seazon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon the Chef] Scrape y'all motherfuckers This is my word, when you see us When you see us flashing and shining And building and adding on Y'all niggaz just watch it, hear me Only ones that who we got respect for Is them niggaz that we say peace to Hear me, pay attention, put your shoes on Yo, my team be bellyaching hungry niggaz on the swarm again Pirahna niggaz bite dick, yo Son, it's on again What up, he made a move, try to assist it Listen kid yo, you was born to be a pawn but I'm a bishop Back to the novel, you Son, it's logical How you figure God, what, flow on the track, flip the obstacle Now my proposal rips the global From California to courts, it's over God so, taste the soul food Remember baggy jeans, the Timberlands in November Shorty called me Santa in December But guess what, my Wally's got messed up Autograph pressed up what, blessed enough to blow your rest up We scrape that, Land O' Lake that My dolo rapper get you sent back Represent the gentlemens who bent that Flash medallions like Italians, la costra nostra We movin through your hood like we supposed ta, flexin Lex and Diamonds hold the settlement So keep the bust the gun Boo Like that bad ass bitch in Dead Presidents Add on, the billboard sloan Check it now, you get the gold dick award It's like jail, and it's the sixth floor Test me, floating in the S.E., now let's see Half of y'all niggaz built your vine from my stress tree Faggots, homos, yo, my flavor liver than a dobo Stay militant kid, twist ya like bolo You fucking idiot, playing with my Clan but you be fearin it Fake one, I'm guaranteed to make you take one Please, y'all niggaz money's gettin low But could you come back though, set up shop, and get the fat glow? Tired of y'all, mostly inspired by y'all So what the deal now, link up with us, or put your shield down Faggot (bitch), you fuck around punk (seven fifteen) We battle for cream nigga [RZA] You want a pound crab? Nah let his hand swing I ought to punch a hole in his palm with these pointy ass rings No more said, knew your chump ass was dead When I saw the four four reflecting off your shiny forehead It's Wu-Tang nigga, ain't nuttin changed nigga Still shame on a nigga, who tried to run game Your version of perversion, fuckin bitches on Persian rugs Washin niggaz like detergent, it's the surgeon Slugs propels from Bobby Steele's 12 gauge  Front page, "Daily Chronicle" reads "Hell up in Gotham, take heed and protect yo' seeds" You fall like autumn leaves, you lack tranquility in your rap utilities, to fuck with the abilities Race like a sperm cell to the ovary Microphone post tone like a rotary phone Ancient poems and poetry, old sloans Explosive head bullets, black hooded Timberland footed ninjas, who full metal jacket clips And know how to put it in you Surrender your goods and your merchandise For no purchase price, I'm certainly a heist For your ice and curtains and vice Come quietly, Wu-Tang Clan rules society Because of variety, so maintain your high anxiety And lead them to defy me, diary, ya Irie? ... I need 18 points for my next joint, this high annointed king To make a deal, I be the one to appoint Steve Rifkind must have been sniffin To catch somethin so dope, it left Monica Lynch pussy drippin I fuck hundreds of bitches, and split millions of dollars And built with thousands of scholars My life saga from the hill to the harbor Legal kid brown in Nicaragua Gave birth to MC's, thieves and bank robbers We drove expensive whips and took worldwide trips And my dick's been sucked by the finest lips Fancy delicatessens, and the world's best refreshment But none of the above compare to the one-twenty lessons Or my queen and my seeds, in the home that I rest in Enter my zone get blown to 99 sections [Method Man] This rhyme has no limitations, this time there's no hesitation Collecting minds at the door, you want it niggaz it's yours The flavors raw, what the fuck you think I'm flowing for It's rhyme and reason, bite the bullet Niggaz is foul and it's duck season We at odds 'til we even motherfucker Bad asses, high times, lower classes Taste mine, straight shots in dirty glasses Bring it to him, room service, under pressure And mad nervy, wavin guns at the clergy Ticallion, we ain't worried Keep them sick niggaz seven-thirty Picture this, watch the birdy These bastards is Ol and Dirty With sharp pins that be stabbing you Pins and needles, needles and pins Nuff said, dick in your mouth like Tempest Bled' As I race track with thoroughbreds, duckin the feds [Raekwon the Chef] Yo, my ice look fly up on the keyboard son Niggaz ran up on me law, praising what we do by the lords That's right, exile the fake, hit them niggaz like weight Feed 'em food, let the fake evaporate Reconstruction, that's the whole science on my, production Y'all niggas guess who stuck son, left his nuts hungs Switch, finger itch, starin at you like a bitch Maybe y'all niggaz snitched Youse a loner, Adidas shell top while I sip a Corona, read the Robb Report, then bone her Buy you some jewels, here's some food Not neccessarily mean to be rude boo, check out the analoo We in the mushrooms, chased the high neck in the custom Baggy jeans, thick ropes god, sliding through customs Chill, y'all niggaz know what time it is James Bond Beamers behind me on Bacardi Limon check out the pitch like Nolan Ryan He caught a slug for lyin Yeah you was lyin, where's the cash, cryin Militia, rollin in position Casa Blanca Cuban Link Christian Lex retali' back whistlin.. fake fucks {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Street Life (a.k.a. Street Thug) Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Hellz Wind Staff Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (conversation continued from the end of "Duck Seazon") "The Wu-Tang Clan will rise again.  There are many of us, working for the good of the Wu-Tang." "Die!" *sounds of fighting are heard* [Verse One: Street Life] So get your egg crashed, by my Hellz Wind Staff While the feature broadcast is splashed to tell the news like Kaity Chung, how the bullet collapsed his lung His father watched the horror as he swallowed his tongue Another youth dead, before the age of twenty-one Left his son to grow, in the ghettoes of the slums With a shot that go, for twisted metal for cash flow React slow nigga and get, P.L.O. By the lone gunner, who took revenge for his brother who got slain last summer by a cocaine runner A new year is dawning, new crews is forming Rival gangs warring blood steadily pouring The streets are deep Son every day is like a rerun So I reach out and try to teach one But eighty-five percent uncivilized content No tolerance so a lifetime is spent behind a cage bent smoked out on a park bench Killer instinct slave rap niggaz get lynched {*sounds of fighting*} [Verse Two: Ghostface Killah] So yo break that nigga arm fast as a fuck Tell Ra, Goldie left my beige jacket in his truck To all you slow footed penguins, duckin from these hot rocks that's flamin, chocolate for all you rap Damian's Spraying cards ex-pionage, dodgeball square hard Strip bars, no bras, wet leotards and a mink in, next album "Blood on Chef Apron" Keep a Gambino PlayStation in your playpen Discovery Channel, cats that book at Daniel Coke blunts hot as a FUCK swatted bamboo high school dropouts, baseheads get knocked the fuck out on the regular for robbin a good nigga house Rough cut raw doses, the unexplainable Hot rock lava, gringo throw the flows iglasa {*sounds of fighting*} [Verse Three: Inspectah Deck] Ha ha ha ha, yo What you know about this, specialist armed dangerous Hit you close range with this madness Unique design shine like a deep dish The beat kick technique split all your weak shit Yes, the rhythm, the Rebel Alone in my level heat it up past the boiling point of metal Living legend, veteran known to set trend Lethal weapon, step through your section with the Force like Luke Skywalker Rhyme author, orchestrate mind torture Live performer, bit the mic sayanora Borderline to insane, I rain firewater Tape recorder, can't be saved by a court order I got my sword cross your throat you joke [Verse Four: Method Man] We on the run with the golden guns, get you none when it reach out and teach someone, blaze they buns Now I'm guilty by association Times of blackness eclipsin the sun, target practice commence when I throw these darts at these rappers Ricochet, hit the charts, bloody your matress Hold me down, Wu bloodkin, I'm goin in Shootin bullets at the top ten, rhyme concoction Blend like chameleon All these niggaz want cheese, is we mice or men, word up We can go platinum but then, still can't get no satisfaction Once again, back on the block crumb snatchin Blowin backs in cold Blunted non-assassin, time for action, Johnny Unitas Handle that like arthritis Still, hold a golden touch like King Midas {*swords clash*} [Verse Five: RZA] Drownin problems in Heinekens imported from Holland Gettin boosted off of killer bee pollen, stone columns get trapped by drum tracks mac loud as gun claps Pen'll grab the death of a thousand thumbtacks The Wu Sensai fold, it beez the Wind Ninja scroll Soul edged blade controls your inner pole The fig newt', fruit from the forbidden tree root I stay secluded in the Chamber trainin new recruits with Fatal Guillotine, the black hooded team what it means when bullets scream from the hot glock like rock from a sling ("Sometimes...") Pushed through like George Bush Operation Whoops Shots get popped on the block cause them blood to gush From digital to analog, the Wu-Wear camoflogue The entourage squad we stompin through Zanzibar like herds of cattle, RZA plays the wall like a shadow Connectin Brooklyn/Shaol like the Verrazanno-Narrows [Verse Six: Raekwon the Chef] Stash the cream though, Iceatollah ice style gleama Lex graffiti name reamer, hold em we rollin askin me though, raps is hotter than, hot tamales in Toledo Pussy that shit she passin off to me though We wax Ajax niggaz with a axe, Maxamill You could crash a meal, got you back steel scold em and fold em like the thousand dollar bills sit back eyein y'all niggaz out Fakes that delegate we spittin fire out Verb burgular, design the Wally shoe store reserve a jet status, Guyanese bird up on my mattress Watch me mack this, Ralph Lauren goose inside a fashion Yo, these hands is flooded and they mad quick Strong approach like magnets, custom wood crane name Stylin rich, RZA made the waves in one chain Feelin mics like, wheelin a bike, slide like step on his Klondike, get your dart right We movin on it like, wind breaker niggaz get they face broke Jury get snatched, magazine right on the low, fuck y'all cats ("Sometimes...") {*sounds of fighting*} "May you rot in hell!" "Ahahahahah, ahahahahaha, ahahahahaha!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Heaterz  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon] Hang glide for my nigga Tical Yo, word to God we run this whole shit Son (no doubt) Right that's my word, guaranteed you're dealin with the invicible (no doubt) (I'm specialized in swordsmanship) That's my word, Persian legacy one time, one time That's the science of the black man Stationary niggaz, have fun on this right here Yo Shorty cross your arms Gonna rock niggaz to sleep this year (throw your leather up) Blade thrower, sword swinga, killa bee ringer Rocky road roll dark greener Cream fademas, name your God Ukarema Shout out Medina, federaloes Noxzema Me jury cleaner, Million Man March screamers Rae Cartegna, cut your joint Wolverine The lonzina, wrapped around the wrist, law seen her How I got that yo, threw out the macker named Gina Bust a shot, seen her, it richocheted, tapped Tina Now I'm out, lampin in Korea with Talima We moseyin, sweatsuit Adidas, best believe I got the black heater little joint, probably Moschino Yo Bobby Robby whattup, Max tried to follow me Sadaam loungin, clean up collect, like the laundry It's time yo swerve like the Nike line Windbreaker Laker throw a jump shot scrape her Statuary yo floatin that snatch-uary Aiyyo, blow a hole in your limo, weed pass the dutch [Inspectah Deck] Yo this is MC wizardry, killa bee invasion Men of respect, blessed with wisdom of the ancients My words are blatant, lacerate necks for statements I launch like lead projectiles, straight out the basement I suplex your rep, left ruined like the Aztecs Parasites, double edge dice your larynx My hip-hop, is quarantined locked inside the detox Under keep lock, it's like b-block and E-glocks you're ill, your trail end thoughts are frail I strike the cypher, and let one survive to tell the tale Of my state of grace, I raise the stakes on snakes Knock em off like the big eights for takin up space Never did fear em, stick em with the truth serum Who sent em, arrest em before my charge is ended Designated hitter flows split the transistor Kinetic globes light when it shine, burns your retina Urban journal, plus eternal broadcaster Before and after, I be Self Lord And Master [Ol Dirty Bastard] I be the Ironside, get touched, with the chloride Take walk with the Nine Finger bandits worldwide Shaolin hillside, full of homicides FUCK you dissastified the double dyed black brown I advise [U-God] Yo, box talk sequence, powerhouse kickout Eyes dusty, wet, butt-naked with my dick out I'm direct, golden best, golden chest is blessed Scarce chapter, snatcher batcher went to fresh It sound farfetched, mountain men that be rich You get buckshot, dumb be clapped, mummy wrapped and stitched The Jeffrey Dahmer Notre Damer sing the song the strongest Brute force bullethole straight through your chorus Shank you with the think tank, harmony cake cut A can of ass whoopin flurry shake, break you fucks Struck, love crooks, why for lyin hooks Chef cocaine cook, a marvelous book This deathbent doctrine, paper for the youth what remains, a saber-toothed tiger in the booth [Cappadonna] Last night, I took a trip down to Crown Heights Fast life, females are trife, stay tight I detect that parasite, satellite RZA beat makes me wanna fight get hyped, come to do shows My slang sound write secretary type Backflip on the mic, I'm the poor black man workin hard for the grand, I understand clear Don't fear, peep my new gear it's different from yours My style drop like jaws, you see me on tours Don't you wait to say peace, the kid from the street put my technology on the track, just then the core attack Wu article CappaFive, CD attack but my talk stage live killa beehive Bermuda my life angle, rectangle gold fronts Bring the gold dangle, never make me throw darts Check out my arts, when I release my smarts Hot like Pop Tarts, aim me at the charts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Black Shampoo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [U-God] Hard days of work You had a hard day at work baby I want you to sit down, relax While I soak you in my mentals Backrub style, watch this, yo, yo Massage, peppermint oil, shampoo and pears Cinnamin, aloe, natural for you hair Soak lavender soap, coconut conditioning Honey lather, blood flowing, love listening Motion lotion, breeze, over the ocean Lovers, bath crystals, lovers sponge scrubbers Hot milk bath, steam shower rubbin Diesel splash, long lovin in your oven Bake it off, break it off 'til it gets soft Passion fruit, pussy cat, want to touch it off In and out, fragrance patience, Hershey's Kisses, Guinness Stout Stress reliever soak your feet, air them out Brain message, think about pink Stress relieving, no dishes in the sink Upper lower, left, right, neck don't play Back rub, Calgon, take me away Waterfall beads, streams, plush and lavish Comfort me through all the damn madness Night breeze at sea, sipping tea You and your queen melodies, and trees, 85 degrees Jet skis breeze... Sprinkle water on chocolate, butter scotch flowers Vapor action, tropical sunshower Baby powder, relax, feel for an hour Sand suntan, snuggled up snug Snowey days, fireplace, oriental rug Thugs, lay on the couch, pull it out, perfect balance Chemical stimuli, two tokes off the chalace Complete silence, what surround us Whats the finest, wrapped in cold sheets Vanilla apple heat, flutes play jazz music, puffy pillow suites Breakfast in bed, early morning sun treats Sunset level, suprise sunrise, sail Lay on the couch, while I clip your toenails Dreams of peaches and cream steam secret spells Soft spoken gospel, Barry White acapell Violin, good medicine, sound swell Sunshine life, love right without the hell Taste sugar, quiet storm, seasick Slowdance drink, like nights over Egypt Having, stabbing, calm chilling now we rolling Company, ice cream licking now we holding Gentle force, warm tingle of the golden Open loose, ice cubes, kiss your belly Alcohol, palm trees, peanut butter jelly Almond twirl, fantastic melodies Soon, taste these spoons Wiping me with toon, fly wine, quiet storm Now it's high noon, raspberry spices Cherry breath, drink from the mountain, sip the very best Sounds of the shore, every winter is a war Paradise life, recipe now pour Musicness, model, gentle mental Wash away your sorrow, Fantasy Island Put the message in the bottle Carry you through, the threshold, do my duty Happy ending, go to rest Sleeping Beauty Yo, this is that body shop shit Love love slam Edible underwear, champagne, bubble bath Have your snack on that ass that Know what I mean? Massaging these melodies Put that gangsta shit on the shelf Blow winds, blow, through your hair Sea breeze sticks and shit Right right [Method Man] When your around boo Come and chop this mother fucking beat you stank-ass trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Tekitha Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Second Coming Typed by: OHHLA.com God damn man these radio station be buggin Man it's three o'clock in the mornin, damn This hip-hop shit just keep Damn we got to slow this shit down man, yaknowhatImean? [Tekitha] Fiends were never waiting in the hill They ran one step ahead But the jiggy was always there Upon the project pavement There was death, enslavement of the mind Single mothers are filled with stress As I lay there with my baby We would look, from the window, and cry Then suddenly in the sky Between the new world ages We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the ear With the melody of a train (Lord is suddenly here!) False MC's are melting In the dark, all the weak LP's are going dowwwwwwwwwwwwwn God released the tape out, early May And, I don't think the world can take it Cause it took so long to make it And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmmmme Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Upon the project pavement There was death, enslavement of the mind Single mothers are filled with stress Between the new world ages We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the air With the knowledge that God posess As I lay there with my baby We would look, from the window, and cry Then the Wu-Tang sign appears, in the sky Billboards started melting In the dark, all the weak MC's are going dowwwwwwwwwwwn God released the tape of, Earthly pain And, I don't think the world can take it Cause it took so long to make it And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmme And I don't think the world can take it Cause it took so long to make it And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmmmmmmmme Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Wu-Tang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: The Closing Typed by: OHHLA.com [Raekwon] Yeah, yeah I see everything I see everything YouknowhatI'msayin? It's like when we come through You better have your fuckin third eye open You know, cause thats what time it is YouknowhatI'msayin? Cause it's like, when you walk You striving for perfection That's what we doing Understand? So all that little fake shit out there We know the science on that We done seen that shit from, from From difference of angles YouknowhatImean? It's like, yo kid, for real Wu-Tang, we set off a lot of shit in this shit kid YouknowhatImean? But you know, you know us We play it calm, humble YouknowhatImean? But I just be checking out niggaz darts and I be like Damn, them niggaz, them niggaz is Really, really, really, really, really They gonna stay shit! Uh ha, uh ha ha YouknowhatImean? But it's all good cause I'm the soul controller YouknowhatImean? Rather I say we the soul controllers The bottom line, like I said Deal with freedom, justice, equality You know? Keep shining, add on Food, clothing, and shelter All my niggaz, go pick up uniforms Go, when you buy this album Go pick up uniforms, for real YouknowhatImean? Cause don't think we doing this just for anybody We doing this shit for certain niggaz kid Certain people rather, certain Certain fans, certain supporters Certain delegators, word What the fuck man, I'm tired of seeing these Fake ass niggaz fucking, running with the fucking globe Ain't even, ain't even really seeing it the Way it, it should really be seen YouknowhatImean? It's like, if you going to spread mathematics Spread it right YouknowhatImean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever * Song: Sunshower Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * appears on the international version of the album [RZA] Yo... this song is... Aiyyo Dunn this song is called Sunshower Cause we approachin the final hour You know I ahh all I can say to my brothers and sisters right now Is stay close to your families, and all your loved ones Cause this globe is about to explode with hatred They killin for pennies, knahmsayin? Peace to the Gods, we got a heavy job... yo, yo Trouble follows behind a wicked mind, 20/20 vision of the prism of light but still blind because you lack the inner, every sinner will end up in the everlastin winter of hellfire Throw on this mix just picks your third eye out you cry out your words fly out, and sounds die out You remain unheard, sufferin eternally, internal external Along with your wicked fraternal from generals to colonels Releasin thermonuclear heat that burns you firmly And permanently upon this journey Through the journal of the book of life Those who took a life without justice will become just ice ice ice It's been taught that your worst enemy couldn't harm you as much as your own wicked thoughts What devils fought we wrought, and let's annoint Now you're bein persecuted by that universal court court court Iron hell with the strong blend of rape and blend of sandal with rose petals and jasmine, as men use talismans Burn some incense, chantin witchcraft to reach high dimensions I'm convinced, Allah is God always has been always will be You could travel every square inch of the planet Earth and still be ninety-three million miles away from the sun Til you realize you and the sun is one, like the knowledge Know the ledge to where your heart is or fall off into the internal hell that's uncharted Light travels at the rate of 186,000 miles per second through time and space, until it reach a target And once we're freed of darkness, and show em where the path from which the Red Sea was parted, into these straight at the narrow gate, but wide is the road to destruction and hate What you thought life was a sport? A game? One hundred years short, know the soul is immortal Walk through many portals, and those who go astray will pay a judgment day, and these few years of wicked bullshit ain't worth the eternity inside a sulfur lake With dragons and snakes, and any pain you can imaginate Instead, I chose to become a newlywed to the true bread of life and fed God Degree of light to my head It's been said, the fool who sleep is already dead, so I stay awake And take care of my brother, and uncover reveal the skin so we can see each other, cause every color that makes the light appear duller, who's the colored man? Who's the original, who's the biochemical Who's the grafted digital, digital, digital, digital Digital.. yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Two hundred thousand million atmosphere cubic feet of air we breath While niggaz minds are trapped twenty thousand fathoms beneath the sea of reality, they can't inhale deep, devils have em Stagnant, a trapping, the .45 magnum And shatter bone fragments Cops love the block you gettin backed up by Dragnet Thrown into a six by eight steel cabinet Liftin weights readin ancient tablets, back on the block nobody's havin it Those who haven't learnt get returned You freaky ass niggaz get burned Some walk around like they ain't concerned with the hell goin on inside the world Why do grown men molest little girls? Is it because the girl's breast has swelled to the size of a woman, although she's twelve The whole world is sick, sick, sick Trapped up in six, six, six I started off as a pawn in this marathon of life Tryin to carry on, wishin I had a bomb to blow up Babylon A vagabond, tryin to steal his corpse we're from paragon goin in circles, like a ferris wheel Undernourished meals I cherish hope, drown inside the sea of life Use my third eye for a periscope, and take flight to the edge of night To far heights so dark that even wit a bright light you couldn't see a spark of light While others play ball, I recall, me and GZA, Dirty hangin in halls, bangin on walls Kickin rhymes three hours straight with no pause Boostin from Freeport sunrise to Amityville morgue Kept razorblade between the jaws, breakin all laws Started out writin fables to makin beats on lunchroom tables to wearin long cables that hung down to the navel So pack some crack and fat sacks of skunk to funnel the P-Funk, smokin woolie blunts Dust cocktails and primos, shot more dice than casinos Back when Wu-Gambinos were called F.O.I. MC's All and together now crew B.C.C. REC Posse, G.P., D.M.D. Ol Dirty stalked East New York GZA maintained Franklin Lane I was going to Thomas the Jeff, where students got slain Old Earth got nervous walked me to Shaolin sent me to Curtis Took share time in Marquis, U-God general contractin service While Meth Chef and Deck was off the New Dorp For white boys who took steroids Buildin up bicep tricep pectoids and deltoids Back when our girlfriends was virgins Cuttin class with Ghost tryin to bag hoes in Mary Birchem A Maybeldine beacon night school Washington Irving These young Gods was seekin Hoes in Westinghouse and Clara Parton and Medina Girls who sung like Sarafina On the corner of Belmont and Picket Avenue I seen her As if I dreamed her I was dead broke, now I will use key notes to make G-notes So it's always hope See subway train run through the city like blood through the veins To the heart of Medina, but Shaolin is the brain So take heed to these words And feel the power of the Sunshower Approachin the final hour Power equality, Allah sees everything Let's come together under the wings And take flight, Wu-Tang, the saga, Ryzarecta In your sector The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Forever Song: Projects International Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon the Chef] The Fuck?   It's just the new way of thinkin Light up the broccoli kid Throw the relish in my back pocket Keep your eyes open Push your seat back, just flow... That's how we doin it Bound by honest sword take over the set; rap from here to Que-bec Throw up the tech, crash your intellect select a vet Swimsuit mammal handle, yo every fly vandal go to project Slam you like Hamill's wife 'fore the scandal Wally sandal just a sample, my niggaz fertilize thoughts Yo mad support drink a quart then bamboo When nasty can blew, my pen sterile won't perform if I'm not lampable Askin my man'll get you slapped down; play the anthem Lit it who wit it champagne get it, that's the ticket Solid nines soundin like crickets snatchin worker shipment Pull the air, long dick it, we talk right before we left lifted Just like a long sleeve, guess who rip it? [God] Projects [Rae] My niggaz survive, just like a movin target [God] Projects [Rae] Where niggaz live and some sell garbage that's [God] Projects [Rae] Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin [God] New York projects [Rae] I'm livin large yo, stop miragin [Method Man] Sign of the times, conspiracy to overthrow the mind Behind every fortune there's a crime This technique is tech-9 Blast at any Close Encounter of the Third Kind This be the evil that man do, we dismantle, any adversary Them niggaz all thumbs and can't handle, my flurry Hear me, you jam all you want to scare me Don't even kid me, shit in my coke aimin at cha kidney  Pressure, Red Hot like Chili Pepper Black 'n Decker, hardware avoid the leper  Five o'clock shadowboxer, hold down the sector  Bet ya bottom dollar lecture, be hard to swallow  Double oh-seven mark The secret agent that Max/well and Get Smart, through entertainment Welcome to The Killin Fields, with Johnny Dangerous  Headbanger boogie niggaz goin thru changes [God] Projects [Rae] My niggaz survive, just like a movin target [God] Projects [Rae] Where niggaz live and some sell garbage that's [God] Projects [Rae] Try to escape the flyin shells dodgin [God] Projects [Rae] I'm livin large yo, stop miragin [Ghostface Killah] Suck my dick it's the kid with the fat knob I bust all into ya face, plus it come in globs Quick get on your knees, with yo' sweet pussy let it breathe Two fingers is all in your hole, think I can fit three Your pink lips, spread it in shit, let me throw my dick in Grab my shit and place it gently, on your clit Ping-pong pussy, wide world of wombs titty saggin Stomach on some scriveled up prune shit Too much air in your pussy you screamin that it's TALKIN TO YOU DADDY, fart's breathin out your lips splashin my dick badly Use vinegar, to try to tighten up your ginger All-mighty dick, ran in with a cape, some call him engine Lightning rod bob, black candy cane attatched to God Thick, like a great adventure cigar, in your garage Pregnant pussy have you fall out, like Remi on the house Watch the teeth for slobbin my shit You bit it on the couch, dry pussy leave the friction burns Plus beef I hone, the condom broke Bitch you got AIDS I'm shakin in my bones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royal Fam Album: Yesterday, Today Iz Tomorrow * Song: The Legacy Typed by: doan@netcom.ca * - originally and incorrectly billed as an A.I.G. track on "The Swarm" [Timbo King] The Legacy, get your minds ready, get your rhymes ready And held a breath of life, resurrect the death of Christ What you got to sacrifice, I'm on some other shit Takeover the mothership, brothers get to claim the covenant Universal lovin it, olive oil you rubbin it Check the thermometer, ever kilometer Rise by heat pressure, your thermostat couldn't measure Royal Familia, atoms bombs from Asquilia Dark Ages, so read the page, Mike and Alenki Born on the cross between love and lust Genisis thru exeuse, larzurus, slash black barnibus The holy temple be the mental, You and see Islamic Can you understand the clear picture Braveheart, verbal courage, battle the seminar Royal Fam Legacy, watch us travel far Positive energy, always corrects errors, Royal Fam rule shit Now and forever, what [Timbo King] Orotorical, niggaz is metaphorical My editorial breaks down your monuments historical Geologist studyin land, usin the earth's crust Measurements, eight elements, atomic weight plus density Hi-Techs, science, thrustal gravity Revolve around my oro, I'm the soul that keeps spinnin, what Supernova, black quasar, my mental radar picks up Frequencies beyond the earth's equator Forver glow, electro, magnetic force field Thoughts build, we bomb for real, Royal Fam still exists Golden fist, your caught up in the devil's mist Fire war, royal sire laws, reveal this Protons, electrons, atoms cause explosions My center of atraction, I'm the nucleus, you're frozen My square be complete, architectual, visual The sound spectrum strikes the mental then the physical My perimeter damns your diameter Bar codes are scanned from America to Canada What, from America to Canada Get your mind ready [Outro] Get your minds ready, Get your minds ready, Royal Fam Legacy What, get your minds ready, get your rhymes ready The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Sunz Of Man, Timbo King Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol. 1 Song: Concrete Jungle Typed by: doan@netcom.ca *bees buzzing* [Prodigal Sunn] Ladies and gentlemen: Sunz of Man Uhh, Jungle of Concrete yo, yo [Chorus x4] In the jungle, we gotta rumble with the bees/wee Ain't nothin sweet, we gotta eat [Timbo King] Yo, we come from starvin days, runnin up in Dr. J's Rock away, so the mega trades, diggin, pockin days Yo, the aids wasn't in, calm braids all trimmed Army suits snatched and Timbs You'se a friend, snatch a gem [Prodigal Sunn] I spent a lifetime of doin crime, hustlin dimes, guzzlin wine Smugglin wives, one of a kind Under the sunshine, movin as one mind, the genuine Star child, Allah's style, many say their barber's wild When I element the foul, prowl, upon the weekend of sweet I gotta eat, generate with the heat, demolish beats Collectin sheets, war with beast, Islamic warrior Livin the mass hysteria, the bomb shell of America Swell competors, explicit lyrics from the editor Realistic predator, the rhyme writer, climb heights Rhymes ignite, MC's reputation, blown out of sight On the mic device, my crew get nice, shoot dice Doin callistetics, young diplomatics with automatics The asiatic, fuck a fanatic, I split his attic You don't want no static, I make you carriage for the rabbits [Chorus x2] [Hell Razah] We've got to take what we want, let these others rappers front Yo, take that, you ain't goin get it laid back Best record what I say, ain't no time to playback That's right platinum hits, yo, before the age at Gather millions, acapella in the streets, today crack Fuck opinions, I'm hittin to the nights endin A new beginin, takin over men and women Thoughts used for sinnin, neighborhood no grinin Thug religions, expeditions, startin for a mil Stick the student for his intuition Beyond college, street knowledge, got to eat knowledge Off the tree of life, while seek wallets Credit cards, some trust for their gods In the Wizard of Oz, you get it all to get robbed Price is on the food and the Earth's precious jewels Ain't the golden rules from the golden black jewels Steppin out the furnace, only run with fast learners Burn cash and we stash burners We be the underground childs, mainstream now Sort of like Apocalypse, bloaw, blaow Take what you own, must return to your home Claim back your throne, we're on a higher zone Black Lazurus, plus we're not havin it Pass the diamonds on the wrist, we're on some take the earth shit Demolish every tool, that y'all niggaz work with The barcode, bio chips be short circuited [62nd Assassin] Here in this jungle, jungle, jungle ? I'm livin through, your crew on the subject The loot, I'm new improved Plus my time piece is bullet proof I need a bulldozer or crane, that stains like in vain You be the blood and I be the drainin on Forgot to burn your proper on, with the tool stone Written, founded dead on this spot You emergin, believe I'm the surgeon Rhymes leave your brain on all right, double scenes Back hand, slap you, clap thoughts, like evil raps Play that, what it slap right back You was seen, soak the zeen Self esteem, so common, even suckers die Major League, total assassinator, rhyme complicator The devil and the sword bring death, feed Jamaica Rain or hurricane, step on my house Into the house on severe pain, strong like a pyramid Nothin but various parts of the house that Jack built The little house on the praire, I huff and I puff And I blow your brain to a seisure Before you step to me, you should of called off Ceaser's father, mercy words, I'm no joke I cancer smoke, I reply, "your brain and told" I live for my tech 9, uzi, grenade, all cause of one rhyme Better believe, sleeves, I buck you chicken Make you love us, my mic around your neck to bug it [Chorus x4] [various talk to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang f/ Hell Razah, Shyheim Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1  Song: Co-Defendant Typed by: doan@netcom.ca [Chorus: Hell Razah] You got my back, I got your front >From the start to finish Goin out altogether cause we're co-defendants Take my back, got your front >From the start to finish Goin out altogether cause we're co-defendants Got your back, take my front >From the start to finish Goin out altogether cause we're co-defendants Got my back, got your front >From the start to finish Goin out altogether cause we're co-defendants [Shyheim] I'm a N.W.A. with nineteen shot glizzy I'm all thugged and Krazyie, Layzie, Flesh, Wish and Bizzy I'm too wild, you don't wanna see my act up Police gotta call the national guard for back up My shit don't stink, I never touch my link Shyheim never sleepin, my eyes just cheat me And my army moves same, same [Hell Razah] Stick him for his mink Yall niggaz on some frontin shit, amped off a drink Money like to bring truck, bomb you till you faint I roll with top rank, soon to judge the angels sing [Shyheim] I'm ghetto like ?sun-do?, Wu-Tang Clansman We banned from the tunnel,  [Hell Razah] We're scorin touchdowns, well yall wack rappers fumble [Shyheim] And talk about the projects, we never see you come through Catch em at their shows, their hidin in a limo [Hell Razah] We claimin Donnie Brasco, black Robert Deniros We're dirty street heros in the six double zeros [Shyheim] Benz, glocks with the infer-red lenses Money over bitches, like P, I'm infamous [Hell Razah] Thoughts is infinte, me and Shy run together Like the current census [Shyheim] We're co-defendants, society's menace I became a Jon Doe, so I be printed [Chorus: Shyheim] [Hell Razah] Aiyyo, it's war faces, I see outside the court cases See the first chapter become the bone body fracture I roll with player haters, down to mat rafters Out to put the gat to anybody playin after Climbin up ?Jacken's? latter, the common factor Red hook, never shake hooks or get you shit took Black hook indian givers with a sick hook [Shyheim] Hit with the book, I was hit with the book I'm a walkin timebomb, I smoke weed to keep me calm It's like she said, "I'm a bad mother fucker" When she read my palms, I did armed fuckin felony And with my moms tellin me, a twenty-seven D.V.D. For reals and mad man, in a instant a raider Is where we stash the grills It's all about the hundred dollar bills, Nigga what If shorty pushes you big, I stick it in her butt [chorus x2: both] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Presents Inspectah Deck f/ Street Life Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol. 1 Song: S.O.S. Typed by: CaNiBuS41@aol.com Shoot em On Sight Sight Sight (3x) Shoot em On Sight Sight Sight [overlaps INS talking] [Inspectah Deck] Another mission, Street Life, gun talk, Sir I Don't push me, because I'm close to the edge Livin on this thin line, I know the ledge Allegience I pledge strictly to my comittee Way above the law, we soar the inner city My crime pays, deep in the metro, nines blaze Shorties watchin plus adoptin my ways In the PJ's, the heat blaze and beats raid Can't see the cage but can't leave the Streets Of Rage [Street Life] It's a Shoot On Sight fair, warfare prepared Arm yourself beware, hardware tear through your flesh and bones bear Witness stand clear Flash the Wu-sign to see if my comrades is in here PLO began this, ninety-nine bananas Wu extravaganza, cops scandals and guns, a S.O.S. Prepare for the slug fest, unusual suspect disconnet your outfit It's a dead-end Street, I play for keeps release, shots through your fleece Retreat, delete you from the crime spree Chorus Shoot em On Sight Sight Sight (2x) [overlaps entire chorus] When you got beef wit one time-S.O.S. When you standin on the front line-S.O.S. Niggas wanna steal your sunshine-S.O.S. When it comes time to do or die-S.O.S. For the five-oh that brutalize-S.O.S. Before you try suicide-S.O.S. [Street Life] Street chronicle, wise words by the abominal High honorable, rap quotable phenomenal Seniority kid, I speak for the minority Ghetto poverty fuck the housing authority Not to be idolized, I deal wit grand larceny Money laundaring, auto theft, and armed robbery Ninety-nine regimine torment your resident Street intelligence child, KillaHill pedestrian Sucker for love-ass, niggas catch a gay-bash Slim-Fast from the gun blast burner, I last The S-T-R, double E-T, own a Desert E Keep it closely, I feed off envy and foul energy Your best friend's your worst enemy Thug therapy until they bury me, it's do or die tonight Shoot out a street light, bleak life Aim at your windpipe, squeeze tight [Inspectah Deck] In the parking lot, parked in a dark spot The specialist wit one shot been at the drop Your Highness INS, darts catch your body Feds got me on watch wit nuttin yet to charge me I strike quick, movin on the night shift Rollin wit those who been the same likeness Where I come from the blast make your ears go numb Trust no one cuz murderers range old to young And death don't discriminate, to choose your fate Shot wit hypedermic sword wit the trey-eight Gotta hold your weight, there's no escape from the mayhem I'm livin for now but tryin to make it to the a.m. Creepin in the hallways, we always on barrow Calico crept close to over cash flow The neighborhood watch, the skunks in my sock got me rocked But keep my eyes on the shot clock Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Presents) 	Raekwon, Inspectah Deck, Masta Killa, Street Life Album: The Swarm Vol. 1 Song: Execute Them Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Execute them" 4x *Street Life sample played in the background* "Slang bang to wax, torture pack, pump it to max  Till your heart collapse, fully auto rap Might lose your eye sight, blood type, a-alike Snake bite, gorge on this mic, I live to right the hype"[Street Life] [Raekwon] Yeah, y'all mothafuckers know, turn my shit up mothafucker Wild the fuck out, word up fuck the radio 1998 word up, whippin illegal on y'all beagle-lookin mothafuckers Yo, James spin off, slang dames wanna hit off Check this Slovak lock it down, lames get off Jury match, range rack, fists of fury-act Don po, six hundred glow, Wally mack poly like that It's real ("Execute Them"), diabolical Logical, strange chokehold, kill is possible Flip a wig blindfold, rewind the scroll Clip full-mo, flip on the glow, blow Rock a arm-fold, tourist a bull report Sit back, calmful, tibble and cold war Hailin from my neck down, rounds flip clowns Buyin a loyal bitch gowns, go down, fuck them clowns While we healin, minds, wheelin labs wit cathedral ceilings Dry a hitman for hire, alien flyer  "Slang bang to wax, slang bang to wax, slang slang bang to wax Torture pack" What what, step up, throw your sword up [Masta Killa] Aiyyo witness the abduction, bill of destruction Blood rushin, from a universal standpoint Acknowledge shorties bustin, but they gotta come son Before they can test my steel I send a grandson to let em feel one, bodies not worth my gun Peace Sudan, w-w-MastaKill.com, heavily armed We roam, through the dark damp litter of the forest Floor lies dough, wit a c-note, throw em overboat Slit his stomach so the body won't float The vigilant, infinite patient I stand as command in chief Mad thorough, competition's intense for every inch of the borough "Slang bang to wax, torture pack, pump it to the max Till your heart collapse, fully auto rap (2x)" "Might lose your eyesight, bloodtype, a-alike Snake bite, gorge on this mic, I live to write the hype (Execute them) I live to write the hype" [Inspectah Deck] Murder verser, twenty bean rap fiend server Rhymes nurse your mind, bustin like twin burners Certified lah, five million eyes left wide Inside we split the grand prize Won it by a landslide, ?damn's fly? the rest They bettin contest but they pose no threat Street corner warrior, cause crowd disorder And glide like rollerblades 'cross your recorders Soldier of fortune lost in the madness Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas Po' bandit hold the belt single-handed Most Demanded Assassin is what I'm branded Far from your standard, universally Planted jewels in the minds of fools left stranded One man hit force, my shirt ripped off Squeeze a full clip to kill the bullshit then I dip off "Slang bang, slang bang to wax (Execute Them) Torture pack, pump it to the max till your heart collapse Fully auto rap, might lose your eyesight, bloodtype a-alike Snake bite, gorge on this mic, I live to write the hype" "Execute them" 2x "Slang bang to wax, torture pack pump it to max till your heart collapse" "Sla-slang bang to wax (Execute them) Torture pack, pump it to the max till your heart collapse (Execute them) Fully auto rap, might lose your eyesight, bloodtype a-alike Snake bite, gorge on this mic, I live to write the hype I live to write the hype" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents A.I.G. Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol.1 Song: Bronx War Stories Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com Verse 1: I'm fucked up Most brothers don't have it like me Like my brothers in the peep, doing half a century See God I know it's hard Black stay in ya zone Big Dust we lost touch see you when you get home And my man Stan just got back from doing ten On some bullshit now his ass is back up again Wait, Ned did 9 straight Came home knocking cats out Playing what's that all about Aiyyo, you gotta maintain killer I wanna put you on  So you could be a tee big armed guerilla And to my peoples in the struggle, When everyday is a hustle so nobody move a muscle 'Cause Kelly got popped from her man Both found dead, Money still had the pistol in his hand Power moves all up in my building selling crack And kids around my way they just don't know how to act Like my little man stole drugs got some kids fed And Ted found him dead with a bullet to his head Baby brother to my man van But life gotta go on You still got me in the God born And what's his name dies from AIDS Mom dukes outta commission from breaking bothe her legs Yo the inner city life controlled by the outer world G Another Bronx War Story Sometimes I have to search for information to find out Why was we put in these certain situations The inner city life controlled by the outer world G Another Bronx War Story (Repeat last line 4x) Verse 2: Peace see God you held me down like a weapon The Fam I ran with born the ghetto legend Big shot is set on and dead on KingPin You and Big just kept mad bells ringin' Cross town niggaz still fryin' I hold it down Lord niggaz ain't wid all the shit we was down for I'm still struggling bubbling for paper The herds like back in the day to pull a caper The takers, now I got a plan to expand Put it short import export to foreign lands Stand forever like birds of a feather Together whatever if niggaz flip that's clever The weather change but the style still remains the same Who's to blame with the neighbourhood fame I knew the game since the days that I played as a shorty [Chrous] Another Bronx War Story Sometimes I have to search for information to find out Why we was put in these certain situations The inner city life controlled by the outer world G Another Bronx War Story (Repeat last line 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Bobby Digital, Killarmy, Method Man Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1  Song: And Justice For All Typed by: big_toney@hotmail.com ***Chorus*** (x2) Fuck y'all analog niggas we be digital Wu-Tang, Killarmy we indespensible We never fall We stand tall like sky-scrapers and justice for all [Killa Sin] We move on MC's mechanically Strike nerves like Ghost's verse on 'Can It Be' hard to touch retarded fucks playing wit they fantasies respect this, specialist, black  testing this will get ya necklace jacked and named scratched up off my guestlist party freak You the type of nigga that'll hardly speak unless you spoken to You throw a cold screw, but sober up when I'm approaching you At the same time we posting two Niggas on that ass that's gonna do what they supposed to do The limelight, snatched away from you because it's my night Killarm blaze inside of the twilight, you better get ya lines right Half of these crabs cant even rhyme right with dust flows, robotic movement, and blurry eyesights What you want I already got and that's control, I keep my head high, hand pon cock and pockets swollen, you foldin, you faggot ass fuck [Dom Pachino] Yo farotion never fails shoot at darts sharper than a carpenters nail inhale life, exhale strive anxiety's trife blowin' smoke out my peace pipe Ducking the snipe shot off the top of the White House and cop 4'S war never does and many causes my offense is my defense extreme precautious moving cyphers high valocities making you nautious ya forcing it parishly extortionists aborting this space ship thats spacious face it  im on contain shit pioneer looking for honey and is it matrix the case is if not ya basic way to make shit embrace it knowing some day you'll have to face it ***Chorus***  Fuck y'all analog niggas we be digital Wu-Tang, Killarmy we indespensible We never fall We stand tall like sky-scrapers and justice for all (so fuck y'all, so fuck y'all niggas) [Bobby Digital] yo, yo hard to grapple I raise the sharp scaple technique slaps you invasion body snatch you money grip I smoke the honey dip blunts cherry bomb very calm First bursts like a shot from the Berry homes you'd be most wise to pay close attention to willy lynchin' its stupid to fuck wit' Bobby Steel's henchmen I step into presidential  credentials, evident my potential  be infinate, deluxe benetic sluts invinsible only ones can know me swore me before the Dolby Alexis Colby broads try to control me pussy whip me like Toby fuck the local I move global economical ship sea promise fool my info glow and the dark Wu-Tang logo sparks the attention, look listen observe killa bee swerv slam like Dr. Julias Erv still strike the vital nerve charter through the Magna Carta trapped like Otis and Carter wild like a Shaolin child from Mariners Harbor king devine forced to shine head burst open like a bottle of Pine use penmenship  when I write my script blunt spark em' and them mark em' homeless Killa Hill syndrome peace to Two Tone he must know me to understand me from what you do to realize Im you everything I do honey bee from the bee hive Ever-green squeeze dried leaf smoke Killa Priest from the tribe of Levi smoke out and not steal or blunt spill the indestructable Bobby Steel's is here [Method Man] Yo In The Heat of The Night my 4-7-7 mash on the mic Killarmy and Trappa John M.D. full metal jackets cuz' some gots to have it kill or be killed only time will reveal I think by myself and I drink by myself from 9-8 until let me know its real son if its really real understandable  self explainable caution John Blaze flamable when under pressure, interchangable and still coming down like precipitation as I reign undesputed how Johnny do it dangerously, whoppin cough (cough, cough) two and off stank pussy make my dick soft (huh) bottom line be this high, explosive not for the average Joseph come and get some hol' it, keep one up in the chamber blast wit' my middle finger now I toss men attack like the Four Horsemen see me dog walkin' strickly getty-o slang talkin' all up in thease guts, soften thease rap niggas, official we slap niggas wit' mak' charges dope shit regardless we usually take another niggas garments (what) [Killarmy] Straight up and down I got this rap shit locked in '98 niggas cant escape the laws that I enforce like top notch politicians who be pola-tickin' slam through expand total construction accross the planet and micro chip software placed in the rear of ya ear as I sit the next year all yall analong niggas fuck yall we be digital shit is critical like the hallways in my projects similar to the streets in Tibet fuck that I aint playin' wit' a full deck (son, son, son, son) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Black Knights Of The North Star Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol.1 Song: Punishment Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com Intro: Wu-Tang Holocaust punishment Yo, yo, yo, yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Verse 1: >From the hills of the Pacific I bring fury and anger Stabbing devils in their chest with a rusty ship anchor Blood and sand we command and conquer Wasted land,  Then expand the regions undiscovered by modern man Body counts increase by thousands by the hour The sniper on reserve blastin hots from the water tower Absorbin' energy from the sun MC's run My brain burst like to blow chunks outta you lungs Blood on the pavement Crews gaze in amazement I was doing that to niggaz who test me on the slave ship We sell tapes and stage jail breaks for past cell mates Murder you at hell's gate daring bitches to yell rape And pale face gests hollow points I swallow joints With romantic charisma that'll make your momma moist My voice ensemble of bullets rip through your squadron Circulate the planets move back you better dodge 'em Or get opened up like a margin Buddah sargeant,  Christ I should've warned you I never missed a target The living weapon war machine by buried king Relentless remorse is guiltless and unclean Also the sources supreme of my team Black Knight brigade peels caps like tangerine Holocaustic, hypnotic, psychotic, sub-atomic,  psychopathic, hyperactive, unattractive We bring nothing but punishment Like nice be runnin' shit have 'em runnin' quick Uppercuts is what we coming with Fuck the government I grab the mic, that's when the thunder hit Never love a bitch Rhymes echo throughout the dungeon pits (REPEAT) Verse 2: Something from my culture I stay to harmony The way of life that best suits me I sincerely love Allah's mathematics Freedom and raw The Abbott I rest within the square Which is 4 times 90 why niggaz trues dare The dominant intelligence 99 elements we're offspring celibate Without knowledge life's irrelevant I wrote the benevolent (Wu-Tang eminent) Verse 3: I bring lyrics to existence When I speak these powerful words The priest of pandimonium the wargod has emerged Above sea-level that's when thunder rolls  and lightning strike down Atrocity lay that poor ass and rain it for you compund Chaotically the Black Knights we move erotically Lyrically perform labotamy on your biology a prodigy A philosophy and theology my idiology's to break down MC's microscopically The ghetto tropically gettin' more hectic by the second Ghetto warfare straight bullets hit off the window sectors And hit kids cause niggaz spit wigs with no precautions The war I raise down from their grave to haunt your concious With bloody screams nightmares and bloody dreams Of niggaz haunting you through dark alleyways Through missing smoke screen Have you tweaking like a crack fiend  On high bean like Christine The lords rain supreme [Chrous] Verse 4: I'm original mallot With metaphor dominant intelligence I give a nigga a hardcore detention with his  birthstar invention I was mentioned I be creeping with the intention  To break free from this evil mad society Don't lie to me I'm dope, I scope stuff I like to telescope To provoke from being choked Cause my ability is soul lying And let me open up your insides And man hide,  Not from confusion with this high energy I'm using Static got you lighting and moving Through the abyss where snakes hiss And many men get pissed for following false elements For following false elements (repeat last line 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Ruthless Bastards Album: Wu-Tang Clan's The Swarm Volume 1 Song: Bastards Typed by: jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us  [ Ruthless Bastards ] Verse one: Check it, these cold days got me in a physical rage Walking through the dark path in this invisible maze My individual is criminal but lyrical plays A big part in my life in this critical state Apocolypse, twist up the bamboo Swine life I cant handle Cock the mack candle, pop the Jack Daniels Im a shine like candles in a blackout Your guaranteed to fall before the last bout Fuckin wit Ruthless you assed out The size of these guns a make you pass out Im like hollow tips the way I blast out Its all revolving, too much problems, no solving Ask me what Im involved in, Im a say robbin and mobbin Im runnin this shit nigga joggin  No thanks for livin on Thanksgiving Im still starvin Verse two: Yo, Im not new to this, Im true to this What you gonna do to lips? Man if I tell you one more time Ive been doin this, mound u loopbp Ruthless be wettin these clowns up Yo partner turn that sound up  Reverse the crowd round up And this one, new on the block just like a rookie Frontin like he hard dunn he mustve ate some thug cookies  No evidence plus I heard his clique be on that tellin shit You let him sell a bit so bustin hims irrelevant Just get these presidents, the reallest thing man lust Once the papers in my hand its like I got a roush Aint gainin trust, cause man I aint tryina get bust Run for cover, pull a trigger, watch em all turn to dust A ribbon in the sky, I watched his mom dukes cry Too bad her son had to die for startin up the two four five Guns never lie, chains like slaves go but heavy Down in my belly, attatched to my waist is a celly For plannin funerals and gettin niggas buried I wanna lead this life but I can hear it callin me like R. Kelly Verse three: Shoeless shine like sunny days My style on the loose like runaways Its crazed in the battle get you open like a bag of purple haze When hell get fucked up Cant hang slow the fuck up, I represent Staten Push my buttons you get stuck up I love thick bitches so ooh keep your ass shakin I be money makin, In nive seven I like em taken Fuck fakin wilden and breaken, in the club gettin my groove on The gat in my Tims just incase you wanna move on  Been off the Bacardi to Moe Slayin this chick off that keeps sweatin my body so (who can love you like me) Verse four: Sagoddi, swingin tux wit wallys  Yall niggas dont wanna try me For them presidents by now Ill leave you dead Filled up wit hot lead, hollow heads for you thug breds Its the righteous, life is trifeless, challenges and sacrifices (tell em son) Ruthless cause we flip tracks, pack gats, and give slices A poor heistess, you think your nice now meet the nicest Son a actress, stick him like a cactus, bouce like a matress Teflon fatigues if you try to wack this You aint know it was cold on these streets Only time its warm dunn when I got the heat Drag my knicks and five eights, I need a gimick to compete Triggas, Im squeazin em at the crossroad Im leavin em They got the guard locked I got knocked so I could be wit them Verse five: Attack wit tactics, thats fantastic that for realah Throw me cuts to chop the beat wit your five claws Create tracks that blow the hinges off the doors Thats all I can stands and I cant stands no more Whirlwind mind spins off Seagrams gin Started all over and dont know where to begin Extreme measures got my thoughts on gettin pleasure These cats know that I clap holes through they leather Statens sick and we cant get no better Police trap, we get away too clever Lyrics jotted down on paper causes terror- Ism, now im gone hit em Give em what we been givin em, thats the rythem Staight up, all you crab niggas sleepin need to wake up Im like peroxide cause I stay bubblin in the cut Nigga please, Im thirsty for this cheese I run up in your lab and make your anti freeze Its like that, from the Stat where I live at The bees are snakes and they just feed off the fuckin rats  [ All ] If im a bastard then your a bastard Everybodys a bastard  Get the gats cause shit is drastic  		( 5x ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents The Beggaz Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol.1 Song: On The Strength Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com Intro: Okay God it's like this If we don't manifest our power to the fullest Man, you know what I'm saying? Nothing will become of everything that we plan Understand and understood God See we goin' show them the strength in what we doing Cause this is for he babies (indeed) That's why it's on the strength Everything is on the strength Verse 1: Simultaneous anger to this life I'm no stranger Galaxy mission to attack in the track black Diplomats in the world called rapture Death was a concept I didn't want to capture The laughter singing over ?mantress d? Street colleagues slow up, Their man got tow up Guts be throw up sipping on rum We sing from the creed of a begger's last son Cash fast fun, no life undone Take what you need son cause you daddy made mo' than one And it was fun 'till reality formed screaming >From a palace where the weather's warm Yo you have to be the father and the lord of the score Used to hover here now it's cutting your vocal cord No mo' speaking the lies to the weak 'Cause I'm about killing these guys with my feet Today it's a stage maybe later it's a cosmic course The general I be rocking on the horse On the strength of course don't let it be in vain Cause it's time for The Beggaz to reign, remain Verse 2: A vision my facility a death world trilogy (you see that shit) Now fictional plots speak out through gunshots Battles won and lost at the of heaven's throne The sky rains blood drowning the earth with red mud I be sitting on the edge of Mars counting stars Finding me a place in space unchaseable No mortal can't fulfill such skill they incapable Of keeping all the planets in-line with one mind Make the sun and moon both shine at one time I orchestrate the guns that air for God's sake Precipitate make rain, hail, snow and earthquake Levitate the gravitational pull of Haleys comet Shake the chords of earth make a euro-volacanic vomit Ebonic with sonic waves that blaze the human flesh It flames extra-terrestrial it's time to reap professional Feel the untestable force burning your course Hints of visible thoughts be the source of Begga sorcery ....Begga sorcery ON THE STRENGTH Time is money and gain ON THE STRENGTH Math is one and the same ON THE STRENGTH Whining is something for pain ON THE STRENGTH Beggaz for ever remain (Repeat) Verse 3: Buddah Hava who lives the ways by nature Escape on a galactic space caper To the nexus, transportation a glass Lexus Forever present is Wu Chi in the essence Of life is immortal  we travel through portals thats phenomenon,  paragon through the octagon My Chi gong is calm, express through Alvatron Love hell alright is the day destroys the night Knife divides today feathers are harmonious And universal ways to escapades We take what we need to survive and stay alive Draw more sometimes as we break through the other side Verse 4: The Knoliton master law and order Astrolgoic civilize the human family throughout the populous Live forever like metabolics Everything I speak has logic Estimated all partsman of the chief king fistboxin' Inscribe within the Begga doctrine Manual infold I roll protect my physic  from elements of the globe We communicate like space probe, Remainder of the square frag the author of the final chapter seven star grandmaster Pugilist John Trappa M.D. Go-go thirteen professional MC I bomb squads like Hank Sharpley Expose a fraud like hardcopy I know click and shoot like paparazzi With the never conclusive euro language of usage Street persona, my thought is blacker than the pre-madonna Far and beyond, If lickin' who warfare like Sadam Invade everyone like Ghangis Khan Forever will remain And the Beggaz will continue go on....... mixing then fade away...... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Ghostface Killah Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1  Song: Cobra Clutch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, yeah bitch Aiyyo, motherfucker Aiyyo, swallow it Aiyyo we dazzle off this bloody version of 'Glaciers' Slang shot threw a gem in his mouth, swallowed his razor (wsssht) Say no more, my back be parked against the wall Trooper square holding, 'Face don't give a fuck about the law Take off the bracelets, don't get blinded by the ice Boo It's not cool, Veronica slept, plus the decimal Look at my jumper logo look familiar? It's Power (Where is he?) Yo every fine snitch knocks an inch off Eddie Bauer Gucci sneaker rockin just another form of 'Chessboxin' No cock-blockin, supreme clientele, till I'm droppin Kangol slanted, Ghost'll ran with it, hippie hung-out Club bandit never empty-handed when I brand it Mark callin Austin, Mark callin Austin down in Boston Both of them dead, cop in the loft and big chain swingin nigga, Matchbox car drivin Street whylin, Role' with the four-finger glidin Watch him, scorchin with spells and top toxin Amoxins til the stock skyrocket, Bobby Mocassin Switched from Pert Plus, escrow on the side throw in sun trust Ghost'll keep shinin til the sun bust yo word up, born-to-be right behind the curtain with her nose out Sixty center get the Rover out Featherhead heathens, teethin on mic dicks When thy said, "Let the kids die for your bread nigga!" Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out 'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?' Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin at Allah's best, puttin on the hits is no contest NOW, who the hypest in New York City? WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin on me! 	"I got fifty men out in the street 	 Now if they all get bitch troubles I starve 	 Is that it? Is that what you're tryin to tell me?" 		--> Superfly Aiyyo, the moccasin money, one man behind the plate Hold it down honey-shallah rock the half man Gumby Twisted, the mime of the floods, niggaz spell drama one oh five point six llama Cosmetic classical, slum is shield, Milagro Beanfield Watch me inhale half of you, new attributes Teletronics, DBX, one sixty X Compression with the A and sharp press Extract bass in which the gooey dew drips, vanilla suckle with jasmine bits, five hundred rap battin average One taste the bowl and blow up magic, Houdini escapes from the fermenting hell halls of tragic Speaking to the First of April's, deep in the rap game Erasial, Excedrin head bredderns catch facials Side orders, one telephone for take out Stomp your man half to death rob him then we break it Get off on the ?Clove? Exit, knees dirty, chick now with low leverage, watch it how she lick the head of me Cause it's law, order today, we pay dues New Tomorrow's, Rubik's Cube money in a tube Deck the Halls, crush salary dice that's in ? hall Hey y'all Peppermint Pattie's, slum my Peter Paul Wrangler, straight laid the track when it's sag with one banger, interlude loop caused me to hang up Ticklish, Crunchberry niggaz at the flicks pissed off Standin in the rain and can't find they whips Suckers! Motherfucker! Yo Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out 'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?' Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin at Allah's best, puttin on the hits is no contest NOW, who the hypest in New York City? WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin on me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Remedy  Album: The Genuine Article * Song: Never Again Typed by: miznoreaga@hotmail.com, thamasta@home.com * appeared on "Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1" w/ a different beat {*man praying in Hebrew during intro*} [Intro: Remedy] Feel this, To all those races, colors, and creeds, every man bleeds for the  countless victims and all their families of the murdered, tortured and slaved, raped, robbed and persecuted Never Again, To the men, women, and children. Who died in their struggle to survive, never to be forgotten. Reuven Ben Menachum, yo.. [Remedy] Yo my own blood, dragged through the mud Perished in my heart still cherished and loved Stripped of our pride, everything we lived for Families cried, there's no where to run to, no where to hide Tossed to the side, Access denied 6 million died for what? Yo a man shot dead in his back Helpless women and children under constant attack  For no reason, till the next season, and we still bleeding Yo it's freezing, And men burn in hell, some for squeezing  No hope for a remedy, nothing to believe Moving targets who walk with the star in their sleeve Forever marked wit a number, tattooed to your body Late night, eyes closed, clutched to my shotty Having visions, flashes of death camps and prisons, no provisions Deceived by the devils decisions, forced into a slave Death before dishonour for those men who were brave  Shot and sent to their grave, can't awaken, it's too late Everything's been taken, I'm shaken, family, history, the making  [Chorus: Remedy w/ man praying in Hebrew] Never again shall we march like sheep to the slaughter Never again shall we sit and take orders Stripped of our culture, robbed of our name Raped of our freedom and thrown into the flames Forced from our families, taken from our homes Moved from our God then burned of our bones Never again, never again, shall we march like sheep to the slaughter Leave our sons and daughters, stripped of our culture Robbed of our name Raped of our freedom and thrown into the flames Forced from our families, taken from our homes Moved from our God and everything we own [Remedy] Some fled through the rumors of wars But most left were dead, few escaped to the shores With just one loaf of bread, banished, hold in for questioning And vanished, Never to be seen again, I can't express the pain That was felt in the train to Auschwitz, tears poured down like rain Naked face to face, with the master race, Hatred blood and David My heart belongs to God and stay sacred Rabbi's and priests, Disabled individuals  The poor, the scholars all labeled common criminals Mass extermination, total annihilation Shipped into the ghetto and prepared for liquidation Tortured and starved, innocent experiments Stripped down and carved up or gassed to death The last hour, I smelled the flowers Flashbacks of family then sent to the showers Powerless undressed, women with babies clumped tight to their chest  Crying, who would've guessed -- dying, another life lost Count the cost, another body gas burned and tossed in the holocaust [Outro: Remedy] Never Again, Never Again The final solution is now retribution Remedy, Wu-Tang.. {*man praying in Hebrew*} [Movie sample] FIRE! {*GUNSHOT*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Wu Syndicates Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The swarm Vol.1 Song: Where Was Heaven Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com Intro: Shit, sometimes man I just, get stressed out I be like damn yo, I wanna go over here and smack a nigga up you know what I'm sayin' Crime Syndicate shit though niggaz know us Know what I'm saying my peeps put me on For real ... shit's fucked up yo You know what I'm saying religion's all good But where was heaven? Yo Verse 1: An ordinary cat from outta projects Since I was younger though Mom raised her children Pops dipped a long time ago In my mind I see flashbacks I had no fancy clothes Skinny, ugly, notty head nigga crying with a snotty nose Even though my father neglect he pay the child support Hadn't seen him all these years I hug his ass in court Always saying I'm coming to get you and I be waiting to Holiday and birthday presents was never coming through 'Member at the age 13 I started smoking weed Hangin' out wid cats that was older start to run the street Dropped outta high school selling drugs, impressing chics Spent most my cheddar on gear  My man was buying whips New York, Jamaican, Miami niggaz Flooded Virginia quick  Cause signing work only if buying  pressure was high as shit 'Member when I first got hit I seen the iron spit 50 cash bend in one corner bleeding where pellet hit My man Shawnny Hill doing strong Slug burnt through his lower back side Cracked his spine exit his arm Lost him twice on the hospital table And when he died I cried my eyes out I couldn't take it (damn damn) But the same things continued to happen  Niggaz got bust I'm a kid with a grown man's mind turning corrupt Playing innocent infront of my elders I was running with them cats that be robbing to awkward (man tell 'em) If my name was up in any type trouble My moms would tell me  Just like you brothers into some shit go get a job or something Just a little bum on the street Not working hard for nottin' Scratch I made whenever pumping I'm here to offer something Making sure the crib stay tight For real I weren't no dummy Simmy where you gettin' this money I wash a car be lying Saying anything 'sides drugs selling My sister seen me on the block Transact with fiends saying I'ma tell it Growing up was hell no doubt I wonder where was heaven (women singing in the background) For real though, Always look for that place call heaven, It's never there, I seen my man's an' 'em gets.. just get blasted on the block, Know what I'm saying? I go in the crib I got stains all over my shirt Know what I'm saying? And my mom's knew the type of shit I was going through Cause I was a project kid Verse 2: Now I'm a grown man Still It's like life dealt me the wrong hand Cat's that was my man be frontin' Or either found dead Sound said incarcerated just turned a new dad Remembering them long ten months from slengin'crack bags Mom put me out with the quickness Carry your black ass I'm still coming back to the crib Oh so you back here Ma I jut came to holler to see how you doing Nothing's changed after all these years Still hustle for some gear Smoke weed, still drink beers I tell you from my heart  Yo, times I'm like yeah (women start singing again) I wonder if heaven has a place on this planet I'd find it right there. Just a kid though, All I wanna roll wid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Cappadonna w/ Ghostface Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1  Song: '97 Mentality Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Cappadonna] Yo! It's the burial ground sound, Dunn!  It's real out here Staten Island puttin chills in y'all niggaz Forever in it.. yo My devastatin hot '97 Mentality Keep me on point for my four-digit salary Heavyweight lyric never lost one calorie I'm soon to be seen, on the TV screen Gambino Cappacino to the Afro Sheen Stay black, where I'm at, high road to rap council Splash love to Wu in a orderly tonsil Never limit to the diction, cause chaos to mixin Brutalize a sound check, ripple through the intermission Rap's under siege, held tight like a squeeze Forced in the world 'Donna nuclear freeze Through the damage to the wannabe Flipmode and Def Squad Ruckus a whirlpool in the rap entourage If you dare to test thirty-six, chambers of strangers  My word of mouth it's all real wigs might peel Livin large and in charge branch out Bon Voyage Twenty-four diamond government named God Alias Daryl Hill bring thugs back to kill Circle around my son, Daryl Jr. never eatin large Auntie Dauntie sixteen holdin me down AIDS of rap music may be contagious to sound  Verbal the slang pushed back to create pronoun Method forcin J-Love to Bring the Pain from underground Realizin food for thought is self-compromisin Shaolin cut the crack into a triple-O sizin Blue do what he do to keep that currency risin Hopin I catch a deal so we can catch a full wheel Instead of catchin bodies, niggaz not keepin it real Dirtball niggaz that steal cake from stores That's my type of niggaz I be wantin on my tours Can't help it, my styles stay fat like Roseanne Ruckus in the square I stay rough like the Clan Panther on my arm, pen and pad in my hand Punk motherfuckers better beware of the Shaolin Defy interactive project Children of the Corn Gats and my man keep em bustin till he's gone Style so ancient it sparks just like the unicorn 'Donna come through everyday my uniform changes and switches, I came to make ladies out of bitches Crackhead niggaz get stitches So what up with that kid, danger when I attack kid Watch how the slang hits you, just like the fat kid Form another pyramid, look how we slid All over Park Hill, Stapleton politic on a twenty dollar bill all in it together You can't fuck with the stormy weather, yaknahmean? [Ghostface] To the year Born God all the Gods strike hard Fast from the swine hold down your boulevard Father-U to C-Cypher, start the revolution Middle finger in the air, for slang prostitution (repeat 2X) ... To the year Born God all the Gods strike hard Fast from the swine hold down your boulevard Father-U to C-Cypher, start the revolution Middle finger in the air, for slang prostitution ... To the year Born God all the Gods strike hard Fast from the swine hold down your boulevard Father-U to C-Cypher, start the revolution Middle finger in the air, for slang prostitution ... To the year, to the year Born God all the Gods strike hard Fast from the swine hold down your boulevard Father-U to C-Cypher, start the revolution Middle finger in the air, for slang prostitution The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Black Knights Of The North Star Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol.1 Song: Fatal Sting Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com Verse 1: In the battle fields mics collide like sword fights Get stabbed up by the swift technique of a Black Knight Who pierce strikes like vicious snakes, rhymes elevate Niggaz get sniped watch me annihilate The Gods got me eating off a fine dinner plates With this rap shit told me don't procrastinate West Coast lyricist, Killa Bee clique we swarm thick Spit the written like scripts No but fully loaded throw darts and make it hit, the target Pardon, me as I keep on starting, mo' shit Feel the wrath with these raw hits from Math You don't stand a chance, you can't top it we too advance Verse 2: Sharp shooter with the greatest accuracy  Blast it rapidly, If those attacking me are after me You never capture me, it's sad to see niggaz testing me You meet your destiny can't get next to me The best of me you know the recipe The cut-throat making blood soak from the gun-smoke Have you gasping for oxygen Then pops you with the glocks again Drop 'em in with the street life, the street type We snipe, artificial niggaz under street lights Street fights transform into wars with firearms Bullets storm niggaz start to swarm like rise on Dying on the same blocks when they exchange rocks And hand cops flamed rocks Year after year up in the same spot Total madness synergy in city streets Battle many fleets as they walk by the gates of the darkside Black Knights Yo,yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Verse 3: The microphone magnificent Burning hot like syphilis Hit your dish drink from distances Bombin' leave no witnesses The street division kid from the, Home of the wasteland  Styles bionic, sounds blow holes through your basement Face it for the Black Knights there's no replacement You're basic, kid put this in your mouth so you can taste it These ancient rhymes are lethal When manifested bring wrath of bloody vengeance to suckers that second guessed it Confess it I got the type flows that'll make you stagger Came out my mother's womb with a blunt and bloody dagger >From day one I knew that I'll be on some ol' lye shit Do or die shit, ready to ride slug slide shit Verse 4: The audity prodigy, The cosmos commodity, knowledge guides equality A whiff while I myth and a sniff off a E&J fifth and a spliff, the proton neutron, Sally with the crouton dipping in the Yucon, Supernova yoga, dosia, ambrosia crane and cobra The yolk for help and the stealth with the knowledge of self like no one else, the code of yoba >From the noble none of my niggaz local The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Chamber Music Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.com [Kung Fu sample] I must tell you that the Clan is a danger to the public but still for many men just to hear of the name fills them with hate and loathing 	But why? They've never harmed anyone I'm afraid they did *beat drops* In the past there's something that they would like to forgive First, I'll tell you about their style, planned techniques The main style   "Shaolin Finger Jab!" [RZA (Method Man)] Yo.. *sounds of fighting* (Uh-huh) [Kung Fu Sample] We are watchin your whole group   You been busy here Around the clock, all we need is your orders to move   Met a lot of crosses last night    Young and old!   You been busy here     I respect that! [Method Man (Raekwon)] Yeah, (Eh yo), yeah Chamber Music fuckin the party up-in (Yo) Come on! You know what it is (Thou must part seis all the time, kids) (Eh yo, eh yo, eh yo) We're back! [Raekwon] Peep The Jump Off, ain't nothin sweet, get dumped off Frontin like you won't get deaded and bumped off Drastic son, master guns that'll run up in plastic ones and then go, crash in the slums One tight army, Few Good Men that'll rep Invade your strongarm', Prince of Wales swimmin on feet Props in sales, all yellow L's, cops sleepin on nails Niggaz get realer than real, yo Flash the brown, last time was crowned All navy Woolridge, Wu kicks, movin them pounds, yo Last on niggaz, great adventures of my niggaz and cast out pictures, sendin a rash out the kitchens Like the wind, invite the grin, watch niggaz rewrite the trend Wu niggaz did it again, yo Unhighly, octane, die cast metal frame Lame, let another man heat handle beef [Chorus: Method Man] Chamber Music fuckin the party up-in Chamber Music fuckin the party up-in [GZA] Yo, spark the intro, relevant info Load up the keyboard, 105 tempo Most heated battles, I've blasted MC's Some said that the bullets flew by like angry bees Wu entered on the level, then we would wait and listen While one flashed metal, eight calculate position The world snapped, once we combined our rap Drastic measures, priceless treasures on Nap' Our swords swing, windchill Mount Aerie Native plant standin' on the tall-grass prairie Snares and kicks, off the project bricks It's no act the producer played the role with drumsticks The warning came unnoticed, it's like the shot "On the Dock of the Bay" that slayed Otis, the Nine-Lotus Each one adjust to his own environment Formulate this great LP, a hundred rounds spent Niggas bent on a fruitless search for nourishment They long for this proper guidance encouragement [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] It be The Lost Tribe, 7 Days locked in the dungeon Foamin at the mouth, mad dog in this production The Uncontrolled Substance got me spittin up nuff bars, disgustin The last temptation of the son of David Ruffin Hold my mic sideways when bustin On Judgement Day runnin thru Hell, yellin and cussin at MC's in my circumfrance, y'all niggaz hand-cuffin these hoes and ain't read them they rights or nothin Keep lustin, yea, and I'ma a keep hustlin with Chamber Music fuckin the party up-in You know me, everytime you kiss that hoe you blow me You blow trial trin to walk a mile in my Sauconys [Chorus 2X] [Masta Killa (Method Man)] (AHHHHH!!!!) We just touched down, Wu shuttle, private jet Stepped off the plane, the world wept Roll with the Witty Unpredictable Talent All Natural, rock with the bangles of hip-hop Mathematical imperial manifestation of greatness Make wizes scream and shout at the top of their breath essence Captured on tape is precious, bless mic pure defness Awaken from you sleep mistake When the God bring rain, hail, snow to the earthquake! *echoes* [Chorus 2X] [Kung Fu sample] You've been busy 	Are you mastered? {*Repeat 3x*} You've been busy here.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Careful (Click, Click) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? Damn.. nigga got fucked, shit, huh?! By his back, watch nigga run Seven the center of your eight point sun Hold tight grip on the +God-U..Now+ you best be careful! Can't dodge two (??) aimed at your domepiece +Father-U-C-King+ police!! [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son since we bust Gunclap +Glaciers+, ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you enter We have an A.P.B., on an MC Killer Looks like the work of a Masta!! [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. Up in the boss game wildin, money for grabs I ain't fuckin with crabs, out of state copped two labs Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dough rehab Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up Snake niggaz in the cut, hold the product Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust Niggaz you can't trust, dealin with lust Seen him at the ballgames with James Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini G-Deini, razoni noodles sprinkled on your embry' Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel slid through Bethlehem bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the 60's Granddaddy Caddy was coppin 6 G's Begosh all that Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champelle, brown paper bags, wall to wall bumpers [U-God] These (??) camera guys, cause, turn your eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, ways, of the Samurai Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or the Dole, front row of the superbowl Black gold in my soul, on a hoe stroll Don't go boy you on parole you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Made 'em throw they hands up, but then lay flat Rat pack eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact when we contact Known to drop backs that crack your hard hat Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the buggy-I Benz Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends Who's your rhymin hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Hollow Bones Typed by: chmoor@mindspring.com [Raekwon] High potency top, smoke a bag of black And feel the vibe, wanna be wise  We, form on a rising corner mean five Laws in disguise, throw on your slides Young niggas racist, smokers is basic We seen the eyes, laying up playing the cut What, stay in the truck, something told me duck Folding me up, my shoulders struck Out of luck, fuck the potters up Fell on a daze like a Golotta snuff Niggas tried to body me up I'm in the lobby bleeding Niggas in the witness office probably eating And sprinting and beefing, when they heard the shots Called the precinct and seen barber nieces beasting Niggas shot Shalar features and shocked her was a Elisis,  Bent the spinal cordless creatures I'm gagging and flagging a cab down Guess who in the Benz wagon, dragging my sound down Macking it was Dale Breedy the greedy Caniving ass snake genie Cop with a bikini will murder charge and benini I'm feeling wheezy and the drain from the cheeba Grieving ain't even looking decent Seeing police niggas reaching That splash against my hollow bones That rocks my... [Inspectah Deck] Fleeing the crime scene speeding Beefing leaving behind cream Not even peeping that I was leaking Won't see the precinct just got a recent case beaten Still jakes are creeping Don't blow ya spot, stay the weekend Keep the ruger peeling who's squealing Few knew the dealings Keep the steel concealed in Cause we got no time for feelings Eyes on the building guards are on the corners illing Million dollar block villain plotting on a killing Feel like, a superhero talking like a true Deniro They boost his ego path and broke down Reduced to zero Cops feel we poors hoping I'll reveal my source, source That splash against my hollow bones That rocks my soul Oh oh, oh oh [Ghostface] Outside the check cashing, flashing Dipped in fashion Five cherry-faced fagots tried to cash in They keep laughing, Ghost you get ya face bashed in Who gave you these priveledges son? why you maxing? And we.. Feigning to take those move slow I'm hearing how you broke Rob's nose And I heard you keep a banging hammer Golden brass diamonds embroideries That was stolen that you haven't reported g Make very little noise, my shit hiccup Don't make this big stick up bigger Me and the boys I thought for a second then chose Rather than froze Had the jim star on my hand Yo what the fuck yo! that's when I ripped Timothy Snatch and dip john like imbaggable Had the mini axe tool, faxed him Shots rang off, bing, boggle-de-dum That splash against my hollow bones The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Redman Album: The W Song: Redbull Typed by: locoblanco@techemail.com [Redman] RZA came and got me, this what I came to do, come on Ring the bell so it's time to eat Brick Dog stash weed inta AMI-seats Bomb isdide the palm Doc rock a wifebeater with me beatin my wife ass ironed on The front with my pump built like the Klumps To carry it I take the spare out the trunk I stay hungry, I ain't worked for days That's why you see the pump when the curtains raise Blast! Don't panic Do I gotta explain how I tame and lock the rapgame single-handed? Hell nah! I won't tell you son If I find a wack ID I sell you one Doc and Hot Nick, Inspectah My lecture's like Hannibal Lector's Where's the ketchup? Don't speak on it, shut ya trap I see ya whole crew yellow like mustardpacks Ah woo, Doc in my own zone You say you got the rapgames sewn, but it's sewn wrong I ride through ya hood in a Mr. Softee truck  Then pull a mac out a box of snow cones Yeah, ya little fucks Gimme ya fucking money! *Shout-outs from Raekwon and Ghostface* [Method Man] Uhuh, check it I'm hotter than a hundred degrees with my coat on Playing with a dynamitestick, where did I go wrong? Somebody pull the fire along when Jonny stomp If ya lukewarm leavin ya clothes and boots torn Pro's and con's, megabomb's and so-on's By arid actions try MC's to get their roll on First issue got issues What is hip-hop to Hot Nickles? It's like Funk Doc to snot tissues, word Look at my hand and get the third Finger out ya earhole like: Fuck what you hear Now that's what I call harcore, let's act fool Mr. Fix-It like Handyman I pack tool I been shitty, I'm from the veils of the city And just because my outfit match don't make me pretty Baggy Dun Gurees, dick need room to breathe In a room full of crackers I might cut the cheese Ain't no rules to the game, if it is we aint playin In your business like EPMD, "So What Cha Sayin'" You co-designin that bullshit yo man tryin Chaka chaka cha-ta tatat!! Slugs flyin *Shout-outs from Raekwon, Ghostface and Inspectah Deck* [Inspectah Deck] Yo, ya Check, the code echos from magazines to the big screen Fo' wheel machines like ya wits scream  Kids fiend from the urban to sub-urban Roll upon me thirstin like: Hey, hey, Mister Dream-Merchant We roll longer than dice in a casino Cee-lo in the 4, 5 or 6 with double 0 Behind the tinted windows I lay low On some hydro tryin to slide from the 5-0 But now I get wild similar to Ol' Dirty On third time fellon just hit with over 30 No worries, style have em so thirsty First degree heats are quittin on me  Cold turkey, no mercy I bring the pain of a hundred migraines But a thousand shoutin my name that's why I came But first bring the cashburst, then the outburst My surround sound pound ya ear like Jevon Kearse I flex muscle outside I find a next hustle Trouble with ya here and face the TEC-muscle Even the best buckle win I take it to the exteme It gets ugly, but it's what a nigga do to get cream This life *Shout-outs from Raekwon and Ghostface* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Junior Reid Album: The W Song: One Blood Under W Typed by: zimbabweed@hotmail.com [Junior Reid] Run'din from fires of the city, and tee bloood Blooood, blood, bloooood.. blooood You two ta both from EE-hee-ma, ah ya both from Jahnker You ta both from fire outside You both from To-ah-ee One bloood, one bloood, one bloood [Masta Killa] I was rollin, showin my age, unshaven rugged with my Timberland boots that paid I walk with a slight lean from the weight of my heat Givin a green to shine infra-red beam At the street traffic light recorders Takin pictures of our corners Cameras on the side of the buildings, we destroy 'em The Chameleon throws cream to children, out the window We movin in unmarked vans, disguised as a light tan with plastic phasers in rubber hands Fuck fame, I shoot a hole in a 50 cent piece to test my aim How dare you call the Gods in vein Not knowin the seriousness of this and why I came to Earth, feet first I dare you lion tame to the beat of the drum No questionin to the session, I walk with gun The magnum of bust-es head for many directions unknown Another statistic, change the balistics on the nozzle, make em goggle and swallow Scrape the craters of the brain for data Old scriptures on withered paper beginnin take shape and form when the Gods get on it and crash your college dorm [Junior Reid] You two ta both from uptown, ah your both from downtown Your ta both from An-ah-town, ah yah both from 'roundtowm One bloood, one blooood, one blooooood The pussy 'nit find it Travel w'on, raise your wine That's blooood yuud, blooood [Masta Killa] Now verse 2, even more deadly than the first, unrehearsed raw footage Part 2 for you, I give this dedication, project elimination Here's a burnt offering, nothing up my sleeve I'm just vanishin with the vanishin cream Here's jewels to live by Identify before you enter and can't leave with weed Fuck that, we waste no time in search of those who can't breathe A bomb only has one time to explode When I break I'm takin everything,  turn the city streets to Dusty Rhodes Behold this return of the Invincible Tone Rude like Governor Tuse and King Toustume,  who gave the order to bust 'em? Don't ask this is Genuine Draft Blueprint ultimate legit sting international, stone love classical comin back, to attack in black fatigue Wu-Tang and Junior Reid [Junior Reid] You two ta both from Lebanon, ah ya both from Iran You da both from China, ah ya both from Japan One blooood, one blooood, one blooood You two ta both from uptown, ah ya both from down sout' You da both from An-ah-town, ah ya both from long (??) One bloood, one blooood, one blooood The pussy 'nit find it Travel w'on, raise your wine That's bloood, yuud, blooood, bloood Mothers fighting daughters every day Fathers fighting sons Sisters hating sisters Rappers getting murdered, every day You two da both from Eeh-hee-ma, ah ya both a Juhnker You da both from fire outside Ya both a (??) One bloood, one blooood, one bloooood You two da from da Brook-a-lyn, ah ya both from Jonx You da dumb prom queen, ah ya both from Jersey One bloood, one bloood, one bloood You two da both from Long Island, ah ya both from Philly You ta both from Carneitty, ah ya from from over south One bloood, one bloood, one bloood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Snoop Dogg Album: The W Song: Conditioner Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [ODB + Snoop] Yeah Huh, huh Yeah Fo' sho', fo' sho', you know that... Knowhatimsayin, tired of takin motherfuckin bullets for niggas and shit Knowhatimsayin? I feel you my nigga Catchin 45s, being chased by the government, shit like that I'm diggin it Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up Knowhatimsayin? Yeah, MC Conditioner, yeah, knowhatimsayin? Tired of takin motherfucking bullets for niggas and shit   Catchin  45s, being chased by the government, shit like that I'm diggin it Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up Knowhatimsayin ? [ODB: HOOK] MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur... [4X] [Snoop] Yeah, yeah Wu-Tang Clan Big Snoop D O double G Somethin for the 2000 [ODB] Your mama name Peter, papa name Cita Fuck that nigga, when it come to the heater Be the elevator, pussy eater Too desperator, got shot, a hibernator Hit a nigga later, he got to vacate 'em Old Dirty corporata, splash, I'm up on the punanny flash Bad gas, Macintosh, the light is red Pee in the bed, I'm frustrated For 29 years, no educated High caded, cuz you kept it checkmated What a waste, I'm up in yo' face like what All you niggas I'm puttin you in your place HOOK [with Snoop's "say what" at end of amateur...] [Snoop] Mr. No-Meaner, pussy ho-beater I keep fo' heaters when I'm dippin with my vita Suckers they wanna beat us, join us but we don't need 'em Pump 'em and defeat 'em, dump 'em, and delete 'em This negro right here pimps hoes I smoke so much dope I have ya bloody at the nose Since my buddy at these hoes wit a bud like a rose It just so happens I'm the nigga that she chose I flows above the rest, mos' def' Got you shakin yo' ass, and you throwin up yo' set Whatever you do, you keepin it true Big Dogg and ODB, I thought you knew Oooh, the Wu, is back up in this motherfucker Oooh, and Snoop, is burnin rubber on these suckers It's a dog day afternoon The Clan go bang, and the bang go boom How you love it, how you like it, and how you get it Do that damn thing and quit buillshittin wit it MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy is a amateur (say what) MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur HOOK [Snoop] yeah, yeah... [BEAT SWITCH] [Gza] Yeah, pump that shit, testin Check, 1,2, yes, yes, yes Yes, yes y'all, to my niggas y'all To my click y'all, you can't quit y'all Wu-Tang bangin' that dope shit y'all That make you wanna roll up and smoke shit y'all To the beat y'all, you can't sleep y'all On my flow y'all niggas don't know y'all You see my style calm but wild You witness the rhyme, nothin but dimes The eightball murder verse, freestyle or rehearsed I wreck emcees whether I'm last or first What, what, what, what, hazardous dart Visual long forgotten art That fell apart, til the blood ran from the heart Pump through the street, Rza make re-break beats Packed seats, rapid fire raps at off track meets And an arm tank, high rank, heavy metal shank Blow 'em off the plank when they ships approach the bank Wu niggas rollin, throwin the first rap slogan Heroes of Hogan, shot up the military clothin' Quickly blow up, rolled up in rappers like pennies My brother stack tracks on the behalf of many With the wisdom, power of, science from experts Self applyin, that put giants in the network The compact disc and televised live cults Will multiply our strength, on a worldwide note Yes, what, what [Deck] Yes, yes y'all, you don't stop You keep on, til the break o dawn Ah yes, yes y'all, you don't stop Ah Wu-Tang known to make your body rock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Protect Ya Neck (The Jump Off) Typed by: doughsnatcher93@hotmail.com [INS] Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome to you All the way from the slums of Shaolin Special uninvited guests Came in through the back door Ladies and gentlemen, it's them! Dance with the mantis, note the slim chances Chant this, anthem swing like Pete Sampras Takin it straight to Big Man On Campus Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas Scandalous, made the metro panic Cause static, with or without the automatic And while I'm at it, yo, you got cash, pass it It's drastic, gotta send half to Dirty Bastard [Raekwon] Ayo, ayo Waves is spinnin, blades is spinnin Slay em in the eighth inning Stay truck, god stay playin linen Kill rap, observe the uptowns, ho, feel that Mink jeans on, seen where the real at 2000 zitos, movin wit a ill ego For real, for real, ill lines, ill people Yo, bring it back, 9 more civilians Pollyin deals, monopoly and bills Y'all niggas lyin Caught 300, lab look royal wit a mean stomach Go broke, all seen, done it Words from the heavy set If I don't eat, then we already met Fly ass bro, liver than coke [Meth] Now what Clan you know wit lines this ill? Bust shots at Big Ben like we got time to kill Niggas can't gel or I'm just too high to tell Put on my gasoline boots and walk through hell Wit 9 generals, 9 ninjas in your video 9 milli blow, semi auto wit no serial Man metaphysical, I speak for criminals Who don't pay they bills on time and fuck wit digital Never seen, smoke a bag of evergreen My sword got a jones, more heads for the severing Johnny in the dungeon, takin all bets, throw ya ones in Scared money don't make money, throw ya guns in [Masta Killa] That's word to Jah Mo, San Juan, Puerto Rico Blowin hydro on a beach wit Tamiko My gun bullet hollow for you to swallow Blowin the nozzle, hear it whistle One in the head, this is code red, man for dead X amount of lead spray from the barrel Heat clear the street like Connor O'Carroll Fully equipped, rifles, banana clip shit To make my niggas from East New York flip [Bobby Digital] Yo, you may catch me in a pair of Polo Skipperys, matching cap Razor blades in my gums (BOBBY!) You may catch me in yellow Havana Joe's goose jumper And my phaser off stun (BOBBY!) Y'all might just catch me in the park playin chess, studyin math Signin 7 and a sun (BOBBY!) But you won't catch me without the ratchet, in the joint Smoked out, dead broke or off point (BOBBY!) [Ghostface] Wallo's comfortable, chocolate frosting Your socks hangin out, yours is talkin Rock so steadily, son, I'm still crazy Sport my old Force MD furs in the 80's Nat Turners wit burners, Jackie Joyner-Kersee Taught y'all niggas how to rap, reimburse me Rothsdale's, ruby red sales, Bloomingdale's, blocks Ox tails chopped up in Caribbean spots I'm nice, maxed out, creepin wit the ax out Murder these bikini bitches, switchin with they backs out [U-God] Niggas wanna pop shit, I pop clips Bitch, I'll put my dick on ya lips Alabama split, hammer slay quick That David Banner gamma ray shit Shells in the mouth, jailhouse snitch My powder voice, Snow White stiff Verbal killas, gorilla grip God body shit, puff Marley spliffs [Cappadonna] You might see me in a 6, that's not my style You might see me wit a bitch, that's not my child I be in the benzo, keep a low profile Dead serious, take flicks and don't smile Tryna get money, y'all cats is wild I pose for the clothes, make a song like wild I'm a chip off the board game, got sword game Live life to the fullest, still want more fame Darts on layaway, beats on standby Outfits pressed up, ready for airtime [GZA] Run on the track like Jesse Owens Broke the record flowin, without any knowin That my wordplay run the 400 meter relay It's on once I grab the baton from the DJ A athlete wit his iron cleat in the ground Wildest nigga who sprint off the gun sound The best time yet still 7.0 Swift flow made the cameramen clothes blow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Nas Album: The W Song: Let My Niggas Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro Skit] Someday I'm gonna be walkin down the streets, mindin my own business.. and BAM!! I'm gon' be shot by some pig who's gonna SWEAR that it was a mistake. I accept that as a part of my destiny! {*Si es mi destino morir en la calle como un perro! Hahaha*} [Raekwon the Chef] Whattup kid? That's right.. Yo.. aiyyo.. aiyyo.. [Chorus: Raekwon] Aiyyo let my niggas live We show and prove get paper, catch me in the caper on shrooms yo Let my niggas live We real niggas that's God-body, challenge anything, make major moves Let my niggas live We giants, live off the land lions, post with iron, no pryin rules Let my niggas live; aiyyo let my niggas live Handle your bid and kill no kids [Raekwon the Chef] Millionaire feat, whole family eat; yo, y'all niggas is weak Got a bird beak, chirp chirp speak Kids that's rich that'll, run in your bitch and by the third week Yo mark my word, me and my herb speak That's that fire move like Schwinns yo Invisible pens that write light, leave blends Hit with the JF Kennedy shot Smash with the Acapulco rifle got got Bolt off, but got clocked Legendary here, custom made it, shit bladed, word up Design your alphabet, reps get graded We in get-high saloons, big bag of shrooms, arm's length Home of Allah's ten big rooms So what we up in here, modelin large with rigorous moves Exotic Gods bust my hammer at frauds Call him a live merchant, dressed in all red, that's right y'all Gucci jumper X-5, gettin more head [Nas] I scream at the mirror, curse, askin God, "Why me?" Run in the black church, gun in my hand, y'all try me I'm God-son, son of man, son of Marcus Garvey Rastafari irie, Ha-ile Selassie Police'll try to break us, but the streets raised us It takes more than metal bars, we destined for ours I hear murder plans from dopefiends, with elephant hands Snots in they nostril, the blocks is hostile There's no pots to piss in, glocks is spittin Rocks cookin underground bodies stiffin, cops look at bird shit Drop on the window pane, the oxygen is cocaine It drove lots of men to die with no name I been on boats, nut down throats, pee on bitches who famous Pretty dick, puttin stitches in they anus I'm the animal that Hugh Heffner created The only nigga Sad dated, the most hated, Nas nigga [Inspectah Deck] Roughneck reppin the set, bang 'em twice in the neck C.O. flip and jerk the whole yard rec Block vets, pop barettas glocks and tecs You're no threat, gun talk, the language of the project Checkin shorty with the +Black Tail+ stance, leapord pants Yellin fuck her man, makin killings off her lap dance Plus the young guns runnin the slums, funds is major Drugged out, got you huntin for crumbs stuck to the razor Semi-autos roar in the building hall Symptoms of bloodsport, the slugs are still in wall Call it a New York state of mind, gotta take mine In the daytime, the Jakes'll hit ya forty-one times So I live by the sword and obey hood laws Make my team click like high heels on wood floors The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Isaac Hayes Album: The W Song: I Can't Go to Sleep Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ghostface Killah] Technique is ill son, watch how I spill one Peace to Biggie Tupac Big L and Big Pun Havoc on the streets of Staten, snitches House niggaz children watch as they produce the same pattern Somebody raped our women, murdered our babies Hit us with the cracks and guns in the early 80's FOR THOSE THAT MURDERED ME SHALL STAND BEFORE GOD TO FALL AT THE HANDS OF FATE, THEN OUT COMES THE ROD Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.. {*record run backwards*} What the fuck is goin on? I can't go to sleep Feds jumpin out they jeeps, I can't go to sleep Babies with flies on the cheeks, it's hard to go to sleep Ish bowled two sixes twice, I couldn't go to sleep Aiyyo we deep in the stairs, we carry (?) guns (?) got, hit up with the big shit, bam-bam Stop at the cheeba spot, then pass the leak spot So past y'all niggaz again, you took a cheap shot Not knowin FUCKIN WITH ME, you get your meat chopped YOU THOUGHT WE FELL ON OUR FACE? YOU NEED TO BE STOPPED CALL ON THE CHARIOTS, CALL ON AN AMBULANCE YOU BETTER SMILE MY NIGGA, YOU ON CANDID CAM Gangsta broad, these be the laws, walk with big balls Nigga motherfuckin eunuch, I even take which was yours I'm the nigga that made you man When your rap wasn't doin well, I'm the nigga that gave you a hand! [Isaac Hayes] Don't kill your brother, learn to love each other Don't get mad.. cause it ain't that bad Look at who you are.. you've come so far It's in your hands, just be a man Get the jelly out your spine! Cobwebs, out of your mind [RZA] I can't go to sleep, I can't shut my eyes They shot the father at his mom's building seven times They shot Malcolm in the chest front of his little seeds Jesse watched, as they shot King on the balcony Exported Marcus, Garvey cause he tried to spark us with the knowledge of ourselves, and our forefathers Ohh Jacqueline you heard the rifle shots cracklin Her husband head in her hair, you tried to put it back in AMERICA'S WATCHIN, BLOOD STAINED INK BLOTCHES MEDGAR TOOK ONE TO THE SKULL FOR INTERGRATING COLLEGE WHAT'S THE SCIENCE? SOMEBODY? THIS IS TRICK KNOWLEDGE THEY TRY TO KEEP US ENSLAVED AND STILL SCRAPE FOR DOLLARS Walkin through Park Hill, drunk as a +FUCK+ Lookin around like, these +DEVILS+, I'm ready to break this world down They got me trapped up in a metal gate, just stressed out with hate And just, give me no time to relax, and use my mind to meditate What should I do? Grab a blunt or a brew? Grab a two-two and run out there AND PUT THIS FUCKIN VIOLENCE IN YOU? I can't go to sleep, I can't shut 'em son.. I.. [Isaac Hayes - overlapping RZA at the end] Don't let the game make you lose your head You should be callin the shots instead The power is in your hands.. Stop all this cryin, and be a man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ StreetLife Album: The W Song: Do You Really (Thang, Thang) Typed by: james.cawley@uwe.ac.uk [DJ Kay Slay] Yo, this is a Wu-Banger two thousand and one noise maker off the hook guerilla anthem This is DJ Kay Slay, from around the way And I'll smack the shit outta ANY OF YOU DJ's that front on this shit.. think I'm playin? (Hook: Method Man) I heard you ladies got them Thang Thangs, do you really? I heard y'all niggas like to bang bang, do you really? I heard you ladies got them Thang Thangs, do you really? I heard y'all niggas like to bang bang, do you really? [StreetLife] I never been a fan of the fame, I got love for the game Never lust for the dames, I got dust in my veins Little off in the brain, kid talks butter slang Sniffed a little blow with the rap Eddie Kane Spent a lot of dough, it's so hard to explain And I fucked a lot of hoes off the strength of the name Wu-Tang, see me at the next, X Winter Games Snowboardin down a ski range, it's a blue and grey frame Keep, pointin the finger, I'm that nigga to blame The main reason why you tuck the chain Self proclaimed, got a lotta profit to gain And I'm leavin the rap game the same way I came [Method Man] Now creep with me, as I roll through the Stat Little Meth got my back, so do Pinky Fat-Fat Let me hit that {*inhale*} contact, learn how to act Before you bring that drama the end; I'll fade to black Positive, hate kids who tell me lies Despise guys that wanna get high but never buy Got nine lives, nine wives that don't listen Bitchin their biological clocks is tickin Wu limited edition - hot off the presses I guess it's, curtains for competition Method, runnin 'em out, gun in my mouth The kid your momma warned you about, tear down the house After midnight, eatin MC's, change to a gremlin You tremblin, behind the Kremlin wall, surrenderin That's what you get for Russian/rushin, in the direction I was bustin Polish your sword, your shit is rustin [Hook] [Masta Killa] One-two Testin, testin, mic check wreckin Steps into the session Automatic weapon off safety, don't play me But brings all them things with silencers My clan is liver than your average '85er Strive to stay alive I play for keeps in the streets Cause it's real on the battlefield Shells hit the ground from the steel Bullets travel, sun set fire to your mind Words combine when I rhyme to feed the blind Prepare my queen for battle and walk down I drink from the wine of violence, no tolerance Gave word bond, sword silence Me in military fatigues, bulletproof underneath Buy enough ammunition to round and sweep the streets of Brooklyn, central, sugar-whipped the rental while I'm lickin out the window at y'all, fuck y'all [Hook] [Inspectah Deck] Yo, we thrive on street life, we strive to eat right They blind and need sight, we tried to be nice They talk the small talk, we walk the long walk We lost, they all thought, they forced to fall short We rock for hard rocks, rocked the hot blocks Shop and cop rocks, watch the top notch in action Begin to make your head spin Wu Tang my breddren, we bang like veterans They paid for record spins, taste the medicine Or face the double M, we came to trouble them Hustle them for they 20 mill' then buckle them 'Nuff to spin out the blue, bitches lovin them Dozen men with force of a hundred-ten Stumblin thug passions, it must've been [Hook] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Busta Rhymes Album: The W Song: The Monument Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Yeah, yeah yeah now, what the fuck now? Flipmode Wu-Tang shit, what the fuck now? Yeah yeah yeah.. Historical and monumental shit What the fuck now? Yeah, yeah, yeah Straight smack a nigga right in the face like this was handball Or make a mural out his face up on a damn wall Niggaz play hard and shit; if you know what's best for you y'all niggaz better safeguard your shit Even though we rep brass knuckle rap Fuck with street geniuses and bowlegged chicks who walk with a gap Street niggaz now the corporate boss Still go to y'all resteraunt for steamed fish and Irish moss And y-yo, the way we do it and you see how my shit bomb Your whole show wack and I'ma cancel your sitcom Fuck a nigga broad 'til she tired and real calm You ain't knowin my name tattoed on your bitch arm The way we blow SHIT is a shame Casually bust my gun and celebrate bustin a cork on the champagne Wrote you with a whole new approach that lead a whole team of niggaz Y'all should know I only ball like a coach, NOW! [Raekwon the Chef] Check out the light fixture, freak lines like white bitches Let the mic lines - hang that slang is ridiculous Emperor of warlords, big gun only fuck with sawed-offs That's my specialty, more to bust Shot out my bed parrot keep it gangster Lord I analyze your work those that got merked were not established Texture look classy, arm baby 2000 raspberry S-5, blowin through Asbury Soon to own steakhouses, glowin like makeover thousand Them them niggaz, robbin from Pinkhouse's Show and prove, knockin off cab drivers God, sodomize money, ring two hundred thousand See the color of the carved out Wu emblem Baby, it's all designers, tailor-made Wu gooses Limousine, automatic new uzi's in 'em yo Relax, cousin just cruise through, jewels with him [GZA] Move up the block, giant box blast my song Non-stop strictly hip-hop, march on Doo-rag hang long, metal tape is high-bias Graphics, captured with the colorful, iris I zoom in, while the listeners tune in Some assumin they paid dues and joined the union Lost nigga couldn't rumble in this wild jungle Quick to crumble, type to be on the stand and fumble Divine Master, threw on the track that made 'em bleed He produce at unattainable rains of top speed This powerful magnet, that left 'em stagnant was unlikely in cameras in larger fragments Un-filled rifle, scout sniper, shots precise Starlight scope, with the night vision device Splendid marksman, that'll shoot the one off the dice Split a grain of rice, in one shot we kill 'em twice {*GUNBLAST*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Gravel Pit Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [RZA] 1,2, 1,2, yo check this out, it's the jump off right now I want everybody, to put your work down, put your guns down And report to the pit, the gravel pit Leave your problems at home, leave your children at home We gon' take it back underground, I be Bobby Boulders Wu-Tang Clan on yo' mind one time It's the jump off, so just jump off my nigga... [HOOK: Paulissa Morgan] Check out my gravel pit A mystery unraveling Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it [Meth] Ha, holocaust from the land of the lost Behold the pale horse, off course (off course) Follow me, Wu-Tang gotta be The best thing since Starks and Clark Wallabees [ZZZH] African killer bees blackwatch (blackwatch) On your radio, blowin out yo' watts [ZZZH] From Park Hill, the house on haunted hill Every time you walk by your back get a chill [BRBRR!] Let's peel, who want to talk rap skills I spit like a semi-automatic to the grill [BOOM!] Elbow grease, and elbow room Baby play me, baby fall down, go boom [BOOM!] Party people gather round, count down to apocalypse [3, 2, 1...] [U-God] I'm the kid with the golden arms [Meth] And I'm the motherfuckin hott nikks [AAAAH!] pass the blunt My nigga don't front You had it for a minute but it seem like a month [COUGH] Now I'm chokin, smokin, hopin I don't croakin, from overdosin... Hey kid, [walk straight, master your high...] Wu and Meth got you open (open), let's ride Can't stand niggas that floss too much Can't stand Bentleys they cost too much Kid wanna get up then kid get touched Kid wanna stick up then kid get stuck I'm the one that called your bluff When your boy tried to act tough... Remember what Old Dirty said, I'll fuck yo' ass up! Now listen [Meth over hook] Back, back and forth and forth Back, back and forth and forth Back, back and forth and forth As we go... Back, back and forth and forth Back, back and forth and forth Back, back and forth and forth As we go... [Ghostface] E with the English, extinguish styles extremist Bald head beamers run wild It's the kid with the gold cup Stepped out like what What's poppin, and y'all niggas dobo Blastin shae shae, chocolate shortae Rich color mocks, rock those all day 1960 shit I'm Goldie That's right motherfucker don't hold me The world's greatest, Las Vegas, paid as rock Skin painted on my face look ageless Perfect combos, Ghost bang out condos Jeff from Hamo, ex three bangos Bancos, stank hoes in plain clothes Change those, bang those, same old, same old [Raekwon] Yeah y'all, straight up this the jump off right here The gravel pit, word up represent, rock the boulders All my rich gangsta style, killers, y'all know what time it is Shorty do your thing, get up on that shit right now boo, do you That's what I'm talkin 'bout [U-God] Yo, step to my groove, move like this When we shoot the gift of course it's ruthless Grab the mic with no excuses In a sec, grab the teks and loot this Executin, shakin all sets, and I'm breakin all hecks I'm takin all bets, move all best, who want the dram' next You all stank, we got the bigger bank Bigger shank to fill your tank Still the same kill you for real, while you crank Slide, do or die, fry to bake Admire the greats, on fire wit a heart of hate Bitter shark, every part I take, heavy darts that quake It's okay, all fakes, get caught by the dropkicks You know the thrill, yes it's Park Hill Yo we hit 'em with the hot grits... On the go, check the flow, sayin Wu don't rock shit... Stop quick, hold the gossip, stop sweatin my pockets I hear the hot shit [Meth over hook to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Junior Reid Album: The W Song: Jah World Typed by: wukillerb@hotmail.com [Junior Reid] Him speaketh in tongues into the hearts of all flesh Yeah stanyoi Whoi [Ghostface Killah] Oh God, I beg for forgiveness So help me Lord, yes I beg for forgiveness Deep in my heart, please, I'm crying for forgiveness Allah U Akbar, I fall to my knees for forgiveness Branded by the steel iron, bullets flying Ladies being hit through wickedness, I'm losing my grip I thought we lived by the books, The Bible, Koran We pick cotton, my back is still hot and dark and They threw burners in our babies' faces Pale hands that looked scary touched our bodies in the strangest places Sweat from the white man's head Fell on our daughters as she cried, giving white man head, almighty Alrighty, niggaz is screwing God won't you tell me why these ho niggaz is screwing? I'm sorry father, sacrifice me, leave me wife Sacrifice me twice, so my kids can see paradise... [Junior Reid] So we heed our god king sellasie I, jah rastafari who is seated in zion and reigneth in all In the hearts of all flesh Whoa wow Let my task oh jah with them that strive with me Fight against them Whoa wow that fight against me Whoa wow Take hold thy shield and rock and stand up for my health Oh jah, oh jah, only you can comfort me La la la, la la la la la, la la la la La la la whoi stand out [RZA] Curse to the wicked snakes who try to snatch the truth away Cursed be the ones who try to take our youth away Peace to the black, the brown, the red, yellow, and white seed We don't discriminate man over color/creed They tried to snatch up our beats, son, and steal our culture and German Catholics, whitewashing Roman sculptures How dare you try to deny Allah's intelligence? Kidnap the truth, and destroying the black evidence [Junior Reid] Glory be to the father Glory be to the son (Glory be to the holy one) Glory be to the holy one The holder of creation whoi As jah was in the beginning is now and forever shall be Jah world Jah world without end whoi So we heed our god king sellassie I, jahova god, jah rastafari Who is seated in zion and reigneth in the hearts of In the hearts of all flesh whoi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: The W Song: Clap * Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com * bonus track right after "Jah World" [Raekwon] Call it the Hollow Bone syndrome line Select sweet nine, face this, watch his whole face lift Bracelets, murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped Caked out, half a million dollars in coats Flows is genetic, the Corleone connection in all Selection, stock brokers with coats on Make coke suggestion, all twin glizzies Fireman, Gucci boots on, sideways action, murder niggas fear me yo Cash that he did Clinton, rentin his mother crib out We send organize the Bill of Rights get lid Drugs that Hendrix was on, conversatin like the Dutch Richie Conaway, Goodfellas who honor Rae Flows that blow thru your roll and Holland Everybody now, trip up niggas, in clicks we posin rhyme black Half the year, half my niggas sittin upstairs Takin pictures of ya niggas wack gear [Chorus: Ghostface Killah (U-God)] Listen to the (Clap) Real niggas (Clap) Rich niggas (Clap) My bitches (Clap) If you love pussy then y'all niggas (Clap) If you love to get ate, then ya ladies (Clap) If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggas (Clap) If you bare witness to Allah y'all (Clap) Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggas Clap (Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all Clap) Good hats, sloppy automatics that Clap (Big shit, thunder) Get around that [Ghostface Killah] Porcelain floors with a dog named Ginger Bottle cap niggas that rhyme, we the winners Then slide thru your hood in hoods Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods Holdin up gorilla, two niggas got a hold that shit One shot and ya mans on it The little kids watch from down the block Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and 2000 Mark Damon'in [Hook: Method Man] Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap, Clap ya hands now People Clap ya hands [Method Man] I drink till I'm drunk,  smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls It be us, fuck ya law, niggas my cause is "because" No yin to my yang, it's a black thing Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest? Ya down with the syndrome: retarded I think it was them swordsmen,  place them chess pieces on the boards and Take it to square, this ain't no Yakool affair Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner's daughter That y'all, but not us [Outro: kung fu sample] During this time, I intend to teach you the Shaolin poem The rules and commandments, that void, deceit Cruelty and unkindness, always help the weak Never despise the poor, always respect yourself The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: In the Hood Typed by: zaggin4efil@hotmail.com, jasonkalibur@msn.com "The story you're about to see, occured along the main  trading route, on the border between the North and South..  at a small outpost called Red Clay Village." [RZA] What the fuck y'all niggaz thought, huh? What you thinkin bitch? Are you stupid son, must be stupid kid What the fuck is wrong? It's the Wu bitch Ain't got a clue bitch, tie ya shoe bitch Get the fuck back, 'fore we break a f... listen Tryin to tell y'all niggaz, give you a fair warnin Just a chance to live, so you can see ya kids Yo son nah, before I split ya wig I'd rather feed you this, but you ain't wanna eat it So now you got to FEEL IT!! {*beat changes*} [Masta Killa] Yo what the, yo Let me fuck it one more time then y'all can fuck Y'know how we do it in the hood Yo.. yeah.. turn the mic up, yeah, yo Y'all niggaz better rock y'all hoodies Take money snatch jewelry, in the hood You find the best woman lookin good Diamond she need polishin In my hood, all the gunshot legal At the same time we gotta stop killin our people Keep it in the hood, niggaz walk with they gun Keep it in the hood that's where we come from I rep Brooklyn, home of the gangsta I know a few murderer, drug dealer In the hood, we speak mathematics and build What's the total weight of the brain, Allah real Slang jacks and hold gats, in the hood; 80 proof Get my dick sucked on the roof of the projects Dice game in the park, blunt sessions after dark Movin with the Wesson Welcome to the God we build and drop a lesson Pussyhole testin, in the hood Got the word from the hoodrat, shorty on the wood [Chorus: Suga Bang Bang] Murder, bad boy ya block off ah Murder, rude boy ya pop off ah Murder, nine millimeter me say Murder, no time fi talk, one fi Murder, men an' dem ah talk 'bout di Murder, Masta Killa come calm wit nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying, me say murder [Inspectah Deck] Ay yo, we boys in the hood, big bad wolves in the woods It ain't all good, pass the goods Deep in the project halls waitin to shine Walk with a nine and talk with gang signs In the hood, niggaz put twenty on Hoopties Four heads, one forty ounce and a loosie And keep dough on the flip, a hoe on the strip And roll dick throw on the flip Weed clouds thick enough to block the sun Cops come, but thugs never drop the gun, understood? Far from ya Hollywood From day one, I vowed I would keep it in the hood From project chicks with hips and slim waists From five dollar plates apartment six-eighths O.G, I spit G to the young ones I keep it in the hood that's where I come from [Chorus: Suga Bang Bang] Murder, bad boy ya block off ah Murder, rude boy ya pop off ah Murder, nine millimeter me say Murder, no time fi talk, one fi Murder, men an' dem ah talk 'bout di Murder, Masta Killa come calm wit nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying, me say murder [Streetlife] This is the place where thugs is born - in the hood Blink to long ya life is gone - in the hood Convicts still live with they mom And they whole family tree is tattooed on they arm - in the hood Crack fiend'd furnish a 'Llac - in the hood African's be drivin cabs - in the hood In the streets the ghetto is hot And the illest gangsters, on the block with cops - in the hood The ones you love'll fill you with slugs - in the hood Babies born addicted to drugs - in the hood We make life or death decisions And the school system is like a minimal prison So you can't knock the hustle or the life that I'm livin In the hood, it ain't all good, repent or you sinnin [Chorus 2X: Suga Bang Bang] Murder, bad boy ya block off ah Murder, rude boy ya pop off ah Murder, nine millimeter me say Murder, no time fi talk, one fi Murder, men an' dem ah talk 'bout di Murder, Masta Killa come calm wit nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying nying, nying, nying, nying, nying, me say murder The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Rules Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] All you hoes, be cryin for these bitches All you niggaz, be cryin for these hoes {*scratched samples*} "Both hands clusty" - Ghost, "Pullin out gats" - Raekwon "Double barreled" - Meth, "Blew off the burner kinda dusty" - Ghost "We back, don't test" - Raekwon, "Bring it to em proper, potnah" - Meth "Comin from the thirty-six chamber" - Meth "Math, let the plate spin" - GZA, "Many brothers y'all be sparkin" "Stray shots, all on the block that stays hot" - Inspectah Deck "If ya fuck with Wu, we gots ta fuck witchu" - Method Man [Ghostface Killah] Who the fuck knocked our buildings down? Who the man behind the World Trade massacres, step up now Where the four planes at huh is you insane bitch? Fly that shit over my hood and get blown to bits! No disrespect, that's where I rest my head I understand you gotta rest yours true, nigga my people's dead America, together we stand, divided we fall Mr. Bush sit down, I'm in charge of the war! [Inspectah Deck] Yes yes y'all, the I-N-S bless y'all Stop hearts like cholesterol, let's brawl Never fall, tear it down like a wreckin ball Role call where my niggaz that's one for all And all for one, we draw the guns on impulse Cash in the envelope, spend it on kinfolk Then smoke a ounce as we count mills Providin you pure ecstasy without pills [Chorus: Method Man] Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools man How the fuck did we get so cool man? Never ever disrespect my crew If ya fuck with Wu we gots ta fuck witchu [Masta Killa] Y'all dogs better guard ya grills, it's all real We live from (?), it's the God I-Reelz Yo wonderful, spark the blillz Let me build with the people for the mills I'm rollin with the Rebel I-Ill from Killa Hill, peace to Brownsville Brothers that'll kill for the will of the righteous Twenty-five to lifers, true and livin snipers You wait like "Sixth Sense" 'til hard to kill [StreetLife] How you livin StreetLife? I'm surrounded by criminals Serial killers tote guns without the serial High-tech, street intellect, all digital Project original, sheisty individual New York's bravest, always supply you with the latest We hall of famers, and still hit you with the greatest Took a year hiatus, now you wanna hate us Thanks to all you haters for all the cream you made us [Raekwon the Chef] Sendin letters to (?), my cousin in Wendy's on Viacom At home, it's worth money, I adorns Order drinks, all real niggaz order your minks yo We got the fitteds on, lookin all fink Daddy everybody get money from now on Payday flash Visas livin like, Easter e'ryday Don't fuck Benz, rather a 430 That shit that float through water, eyeball come up, drop birdies yo [Method Man] We can eat right, or we can clap these toys I'm with StreetLife, ain't never been a Backstreet Boy Who y'all kiddin? Tryin to act like my shoe fittin Confused with ya head up yo' ass like who's shittin? It's Hot Nixon, same team same position Battin average three-five-seven and still hittin Y'all still bitchin, still lame and still chicken I'm still here, one leg missin and still kickin Cause I'm haaaaaaaaaaaard! Hard like a criminal Love like a tennis shoe, throw slug to finish you It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth I can tell this motherfucker ain't Wu, look at his neck "Comin from the thirty-six chamber" - Meth "Bring it to em proper, potnah" - Meth - "Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang" [Method Man] It's Wu-Tang, rushin yo' gang, crushin the game Pretty thugs, clutchin they chain, hand cuppin they thang Who get strange, gassed up playin with flames Let a nigga take off his shades, see what I'm sayin is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Madame D, Two On Da Road Album: Wu-Tang Iron Flag Song: Chrome Wheels Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Hook: Madame D] Woke up this morning, smoked some sticky green to get me started Choclate thai, all in my eye, I'm never broken-hearted Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep, bang that shit retarded [Intro: 12 O'Clock (RZA)] (Bob Digi) Sun Zeini (P. Sunn) 12 O'Clock Two On Da Road on this (12 O'Clock) I love my brother to death (That old hip-hop, catch this) (Hot Nix', you know? Big tits) [12 O'Clock] I love my brother to death, nigga pussy to the rest Shared a pair of Guess and an Eddie Bauer vest A bitch named Celeste I met her when I was goin to cash a Def Jam check She had some big ass breasts I had to catch her like a shortstop on the Mets A nigga high off a dime from Gates and Best Remember grandmother live on Louis and Lex I remember Dirt Dog crashed his white Lex I remember me and Meth won a dice game against Ghost and Deck Remember Portland had Clyde Drex' Remember 12 O'Clock is a vet Big Dogs we put 'em to sleep, keep 'em on a leash I move like days in a week Niggaz don't know the face and names on my teeth Niggaz carry a cold piece, and separate the heat Ain't scared of the motherfuckin police [RZA] Yo, yo Guns jammed up, I'm cramed up in my lab Six niggaz, six bitches, two fifths and eight bags One toilet, three weedheads, an alcoholic And two niggaz hooked on pussy And in the corner, was this brother who would study his lessons And learned how operate the Smith and the Wesson Still cut class and played hookey Threw freshmens in garbage cans, gave 'em nookies Rolled the, back of the bus with a gun in his socks Big forehead, had ears like Spock He was mightier than a truckload of gats And bound to make a bitch cum in six minutes flat [Raekwon] What up kid? Stay livin Seen you look good, you look live in ya linen And you survived ninth innin The hood got us off the prop without women All my niggaz that ride that provide to the end of this [Madame D] Ain't nothin but the real, yeah Ain't nothin but the real Ain't nothin but the real, yeah Million dollar deals, rollin on Chrome Wheels [Prodical] Yeah, uh-huh, yeah (Ain't nothin but the real) This one's on P. Sunn, word up? Yeah, uh-huh We gamble the dice, remain humble, scramble through the jungle of life While the we rumble with the foul and trife Shots fired on the block in threes like Glen Rice Made men think twice about the sacrifice Black on white, write it for the world to hear Write it for my fam who not here who do care Glance and stare, why when you can't compare? From the bottom of my feet to the end of my hair Move rear, cop the blue steel bare, groove to the snare Bass and drums, see my face in the slums Pedia Brown, media surround my sound When you see me in the hood of ya town, respect my sound Sample with black, criminal, mechanical rap Assemblin hat, laced in a suit from Phat Two On Da Road, got them bitches screamin, "Who Dat?" Two with the plaques, two with the gats, it's like that [Hook] [Madame D] Two On Da Road, Bobby Digital He's a gangsta, yeah No, no, no, no, no, no Live it up, live it up Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no [Hook] [Outro: Prodical *over Madame D's singing*] Bang us in ya Jeeps Shaolin! Bobby Digital Uh-huh, Sunn who? Yeah Haha! Yeah! Get that money y'all Get that money y'all Get that money y'all Shout in pain Uh-huh, yeah Weed blazin, cocoa hazin, cocoa hazin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Flavor Flav Album: Iron Flag Song: Soul Power (Black Jungle) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Flav] Two thousand and two! [Chef] Lookin like a tennis player [Flav] Representin the Wu! [Chef] You gangsta nigga? [Flav] Two thousand and two! [Chef] You? You isn't! [Flav] Representin the motherfuckin Wu! [Chef] Stand for it right now [Flavor Flav] Two thousand and two! .. You know how we do! For you and your crew! Representin the motherfuckin Wu! [Raekwon the Chef] Aiyyo catch me coolin in Aruba, one sneaker on Lookin raw beautiful, a blue Ruger, who you lookin at? 600 whale, steel color, Brazil love us Y'all niggaz is fake - all y'all do is steal from us Remember this line, I'm that nigga word to my mother Slap one of y'all fake ass niggaz Reefer from Egypt daddy we rock magnums All big niggaz heavy on the wrist play diss niggaz Ghost story blow 'em, RZA throw the fork through 'em Me, Wonder Woman cousin, jewelried out, talk to him Hammers that bust endlessness, cover terrorism what? Slide in the 7, measure the whips [Chorus: Wu-Tang Clan] + (Flavor Flav) It's soul power! (Two thousand and two!) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (Two thousand and two!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) [Masta Killa] I'm a dollar and a dream from seein a brick In grimy hallways, slingin nicks and treys When it's on then it's on and poppin, shots lickin I'm spittin this shit for the hood, glock clickin Tension in the street, we stressed, still wanna eat I walk through the valley of death, the hotstepper Holdin red pepper, everybody on reach I need a beat to expand, the mind guide the hand Pen stroke, excellent quotes of literature Nights over Egypt, black as Arabia Gundeliro(?) Self I savior, I need the (uh) [Chorus: Wu-Tang Clan] + (Flavor Flav) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (Two thousand and two!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) [Ghostface Killah] Aiyyo, aiyyo Aiyyo I got the whip smellin like lemon Roger Clemens jerseys the man blew seven cold coolies in the Worthy and I crush those rappers, keep the toast near the rad-iator We like our guns warm, it's easier to make the papers Stayed off, the cape came off, Ghost G'd off The track's like doin six months and I'ma beat off At the airport attention always flow in my direction like You let the best then sparkle his perfection and Bitches be askin them, Ghost you got so much shit You need to cash in, bracelets matchin 'em [U-God] Yo, yo Line Cadillacs to blocks, Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx Jukebox records, flatfooted cops Get automatic systematic jumpin in your socks Mama's apple pie in the park hopscotch Reunited on the radio, Wu-Tang superb In the sprinklers girls double-dutchin on the curb Sinatra, the pop the Jackson 5 recordings Uptown Saturday, "Cotton Came to Harlem" Ringmaster circus was, Bailey and Barnum Crack a Coca-Cola, summer heat was my boredom Dr. J before Jordan, Al Green on the organ When Rerun did the dance, the whole world saw him The blackout fears, Foxxy Brown, Pam Grier Ford motor gear, your life and times queer "Smokey the Bear", Burt Reynolds gray hair Throw 'em some gems, throw up your fists and say yeah, it's [Chorus: Wu-Tang Clan] + (Flavor Flav) Soul power! (Two thousand and two!) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) Soul power! (You know how we do!) Soul power! (Two thousand and two!) Soul power! (For you and your crew!) Soul power! (Representin Wu!) [Flavor Flav] I'm the nigga that got you talkin bout "Fight the Power".. [Meth] Aiyyo Flav [Flav] Whassup Meth? [Meth] What you know about niggaz from Long Island right? [Flav] Huh? [Meth] True Long Island right? [Flav] All my life! [Meth] All your life right? [Flav] All my life! [Meth] Westbury [Flav] Word up, Freeport, Long Island, Roosevelt, Long Island [Flav] And and an-an-and went through Westbury too [Flav] You from Westbury? [Meth] Nah I got family in Westbury, New Castle Park and them [Flav] Oh stop jokin, I ain't know that [Flav] You from Hempstead? Yo man, my family from Hempstead! [Flav] The Heights man [Meth] Yeah, and I live.. [Flav] Word up, come on man [Meth] 'race Avenue [Flav] Oh, what? [Meth] 'race Avenue, Hundred Terrace Avenue [Flav] Stop jokin, the El Dorados, nigga what? [Flav] I got family up in El Dorados right now nigga word! [Flav] That's where I'm from, that's my block! [Flav] That's MY BLOCK RIGHT THERE! Aiyyo! {*laughing*} [Flav] That's right y'all, that's right, it's all good [Flav] Me and Method Man from the motherfuckin hood! [Flav] So get it from the Bricks to the fuckin wood! [Meth] YEAH NIGGAZ! [Flav] KnowhatImean? Word up to the bird up [Flav] They caught the bird, made him soup, now I sip from out my cup [Flav] Nigga! {*all laughing*} [Flav] Oh yo man you just hit me in the head with a brick for real [Flav] You got me bleedin from the side of the head Meth [Meth] {*mumbling*} .. you're a beautiful fuckin person [Flav] Yo Meth.. yo Meth.. [Flavor Flav] Yo check one two Without me havin my finger in the plug I'm gettin shocked anyway, hahaha! "Since you're all so skilled,  let's fight your way - Shaolin style. Come on!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Uzi (Pinky Ring) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [U-God] Yo.. yeah Don't erase none of that good shit in the beginnin Yo.. spill drinks on ya, get stank on ya Yo.. yo.. pinky ring shit, yo That pinky ring shit yo It's that pinky ring shit, the legend of masked kid Shoot out the speakers when my guns get jurassic Superbad, who am I? Dolemite classic The vandal's back, hands on Angela Bassett I handle my plastic, gunplay I mastered No coke, dope mixed down with acid on record Broken down and crafted in seconds Lady's choice, the golden voice still peppered Better, respect it, bitch believe I pull rabbits out the hat, tricks up my sleeves I air out the showroom, the shit can breathe Fix your weave, behold my expertise [Chorus: Wu-Tang Clan] I got my uzi back - you dudes is wack, face it the Wu is back I got my uzi back - you dudes is wack, face it the Wu is back [Raekwon the Chef] Take it back to the peoples, leanin gettin rec room punch We in them authentic alley switchin joints Major general niggaz, five stars Both arms rock when coke dropped we read a hundred niggaz palms Silencers, garbage bags of hash For every cop we paid retired now the nigga on smash Gash you out your burner fast You swing down hatin me now respect get your fingers off the glass [Ghostface Killah] Yo what the fuck yo?! Yo what the fuck y'all comin for? Get the fuck away from my door! We got big guns in here, coke over there With blue bag and E pills stashed under the chair And there's Boss Hog black and white pit with the pink lips Stan thought he was soft 'til he bit his fingers The shit had me dyin yo, big fat nigga bleedin Big cat nigga all season On the beach truck, stuck with Hawaiian ice Diamond twice the whole city thought I bought FUBU Blew you, authentic doodoo, picture the fog iced out Eighteen karat rap between noodles [RZA] Up at Killa Bee headquarters, full rips is poured up I saw Johnny sippin Henny from a iced out cup Yo with the blunt, two-way vibratin off the hip I sit took, three drags off the honey-dip Now what you talkin? You see my gold fronts sparkin? Ain't tryin to hear what you dogs be barkin Read the headline, that was blast on today's Post Dead King, thought he could ace Ghost Queen, couldn't even jack Monk Probably find him in Doc Doom's back trunk Bdoodoodoo! I'm up at the Wu library Readin Malcolm's, ".. Any Means Necessary" [Method Man] John John, Bacardi straight up hold the ice So nice like New York they had to name him twice Name your price, I black out then change the lights Give you the same advice that I gave my wife Don't fuck with mine, Clan give you lumps in nine Let the smoke cloud clear so the sun can shine Culture shock, for some of us that's all we got Whether you ball or not, you can all be shot [Inspectah Deck] New York, New York, legendary rhyme boss Code name Charley Horse, bust with blind force I smash set it and wreck for cash credit or check You crabs test, can't measure the threat I dance on a nigga like my name's Zab Judah Rap barracuda, three XL kahuna Sure to get it perkin and cause a disturbance I'm thirstin, feel what I feel then we can merge then Creep it through the states in V8's and 12's My weight's hell, fuck with me then brace yourself The Noble, Sir I mass mogul Known to blast vocals, and move global on you locals [Masta Killa] This is grown man talkin, coward I split your head I'm from the East where the streets run red from the bloodshed Hit Chef for the rice and peas Nuff respect Father E tumbled at ease My brothers can't wait to squeeze the automatic They need wreck like a drug dealer need a addict Floatin on the 95, sting like a killer bee Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see [GZA] From dark matter to the big crunch The vocals came in a bunch without one punch Rare glimpse from the, strictly advanced, proved unstoppable Reputation enhanced, since the cause was probable So you compare contrast but don't blast through extreme depths, with the pen I hold fast Watch the block thirst for one became all Shot 'em with the long forgotten rainfall Delivered in a vivid fashion with simplicity The blind couldn't verify the authenticity The rhyme came from the pressure of heat Then it was laid out, on the ground to pave streets {*scratching "soooooooooooo" until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: One of These Days Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Chorus: sampled singer (Inpsectah Deck)] One of these days and you wont be long (It wont be long now) One of these days and you wont be long (You bound to come up) One of these days and you wont be long (Keep your eyes on us) One of these days and you wont be long (Yeah, yeah, yeah, Deck) [Inspectah Deck] I'm from the home where the buffalo roam And niggas don't give a flyin' fuck Talk with signs up, walk with the iron tucked Leave your "Eyes Wide Shut" Money bag's on the table, gots to get my cut Rebel I "City Slicker", pick up a pretty sister Dig her out on the table, bent off the Remy licker Head splitter, deliver so cold I send shivers From many figures, battle the world or any nigga I'm "Uptown Saturday Night" like Bill Cos' Got weed in the jars with vanilla cigars On the strip, eyeballin' the chicks, all in the mix Gassed off of my shit, vibratin' the whip [Chorus: sampled singer (Raekwon)]	 One of these days and you wont be long (That's what you call it pa) One of these days and you wont be long (Chef!) [Raekwon] Yo I'm sicker than the V12 X5 With cracks in the Rolly jumper all we do is Drink fuckin' Drive Real niggas raise up, Mommy get your feet off +The Table+ The cable luck bare, my man got me one on his leckle It's nothin' for me to get up with you, guts with you Blow off them matches and sit up with you Aiyo the streets, what is gettin' more crazy? Stressin' me nothin', investin' the leathers, we all into things blazin' Slingin' coke is just a normal habit, rappers we wear Straddlers with cannons and hatchets gettin' cheers Yatzis are fresh off the block, block squeezin', it's real If we get real, put pop, poppin' at your blocks equal Take these niggas and throw 'em in lakes, it's business Rake these niggas on the mic, display your ninjas Nines crowns verses your nine towns Run up with nine 9's, brown down, get to lyin' you down [Chorus: sampled singer {U-God} (Raekwon)]	 One of these days and you wont be long {Yo} (That's what you call it pa) One of these days and you wont be long {Yo, yo} [U-God] I come from the slums, I ain't no dummy My testiment talk, represent money This +Verbal Intercourse+, fueled by exhaust The bread winner, head spinner, coldest with the force No remorse, endorse the rap artist So flamboyant cos I pimp slap the hardest Ever since the +Triumph+ we've been missin' them soldiers We came tonight, boy the mission is cobra, full exploder Bulldose through the rubbish, I'm in too deep boy I just gotta love this, they call we Too Sweet One of the nine brothers, I'm so unique Every line that smother, the situation's grim It's bloody sin cos every time I want out they pull me back in I see my reflection in the chrome mack 10 Ask the passer who's faster with the pen Then pull it, nine hollows, amorettos That's how I like it, sweat on my wine bottles The automobiles with them shiny assed hubs The endo pull, with the bathtub club, my angel's in the mud Veteran smile, +Dat's Gangsta+ shit, that American style Dig it, prick or prey I'm quick to slay with the rectifier shit, caught by the ricochet nigga 	"I got to know" [Chorus x4: sampled singer (Raekwon)]	 One of these days and you wont be long (That's what you call it pa) One of these days and you wont be long 	"I got to know" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Y'all Been Warned Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Method Man] Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up (one) Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up (That's what's up) Eh, eh, eh, Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up Wu-Tang, nigga, Crash Ya Crew , laugh at you You bastard, you, pass through, slap an ass or two Hear me ROAR, Timbaland tree, weed galore MC's with gusto y'all ain't neva seen befo' El-Producto, pass that, ya puff too slow That's what's up, yo, the kid with the buck-toothed flow Oh, that's Meth Man, south paw, I throw my left hand To that hardcore shit that even make the Tec jam Oh my goodness! Trust me, ain't nuttin like some hood shit Gotta love my dogs but ain't nuttin like a good bitch Strictly, if I'm goin down, she comin wit me Whole time screamin, "Oh my God!", ain't no mystery Chorus: [Method Man] Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Correct me if I'm wrong but fake thugs never last long Can't wait until ya fake ass gone Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Nigga, uh-oh! I think they're playin our song Lit blunts, Clan in Da Front, sayin "It's on!" [RZA] Try to Wu hate, duck, you could suck my Watch the block get clear when I buck my Boomerang darts, you can't duck my No tellin which Clan man you got struck by Chains get tucked when he walk by, hawk eye Arrows bein fired from crossbow, I talk fly You can't Etcha-sketch all my rhyme threat Try to bite my flow, you catch ya throat strep Soaked in cess, dope, you eat the cold Tec's Bold flex, W crown, the ice O-X Up in the oolie, yo, who you know? John Bizzi, Ghost Deini, Rollie Finger and them toolies yo Stainless Bobby, boy, you have an English folly To try to detain the slang that we can to polly Plus you didn't peep Arief, kid, you sleep I seen this heap of shit, you in steep Chorus: [Method Man] Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Correct me if I'm wrong but fake thugs never last long Can't wait until ya fake ass gone [Inspectah Deck] Yo,Amist the gravel, play the words of the Big Apple Broadcastin live from the pits of the battle Wigs split and rattled, get shook out ya saddle You ever hear me losin, one of y'all fix the panel Ask who? Wu, that's true, known piranhas Who knows drama, fathers of your whole persona The mad doctor, stay locked in the O-R In too deep, beyond reach of the sonar Still a vet, say my name next to hall of fame Hurtin third string players, first day in the game It's on, son, the Killa Bee swarm come Make the world shake with one continuous drum Chorus: [Method Man] Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Correct me if I'm wrong but fake thugs never last long Can't wait until ya fake ass gone [Raekwon & (Masta Killa)] Wave ya gun, Killa (I got you) Shoot this nigga in his face fast, mumblin (I heard y'all forgot Wu) Wear ya crown, black down (Watch the block too) Blow at y'all niggas (Blowin at the cops too) Eh-yo, my Wallets stay Bulletproofs racin in Coups, yea we the realest Ultraviolet leathers on, pealin this, love lookin the illest Gorilla things, monster background with a history You're pumpin crack, yap clowns, we all real in here Strap a bomb on a family member, let y'all niggas know we here Blasted, it's like cheeba when I splashed it Real reefer heads'll know the meanin of hittin glass I told y'alls, against y'all, Ginsengs, avenge Gods Picture me stabbin you in the yard for R's Kid saw Staten, nine Bin Ladens Valors on, colorful draws, lookin all relaxed in Chorus: [Method Man] Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Correct me if I'm wrong but fake thugs never last long Can't wait until ya fake ass gone Y'all Been Warned, about them Killa Bees on the swarm Y'all Been Warned, You either step or get stepped upon Nigga, uh-oh! I think they're playin our song Lit blunts, Clan in Da Front, sayin "It's on!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Babies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Madame D] Light is shinin.. beauty sunshine Here comes one-time.. the ball was so fine Heat is blazin.. the kids were playin His partner was shady.. tryin to slave the babies [Ghostface Killah] Aiyyo they didn't know the cop was crooked, he had blow out in Brooklyn All this while he let the fiends cook it The baseheads stirred it up, plus they got to blow it up Dropped it off in the PJ's and they bigged it up Then one day, shit jumped off real crazy The middle of a bathroom they find an old lady No clothes, half of her tongue, ear missin The killer had to be mad smart, he wore mittens Even though her leg was bitten Crackheads point the finger at Detective Slick Morris Gittins Paleface cop who done popped the best And got the chop on his neck from when he knocked Celeste It was a slug, drug, he pressured everybody on the block Some niggaz know him as the Godson of Gotti And his black partner, he was scared to speak He saw how they planted weapons on these kids in the street He saw like over fifty bodies in like fifty-two weeks He saw his colleague pick up money before leavin his beat They call him desk duty, Robocop Younger dudes call him Freddy Krugs from the way he walk on the block [Raekwon the Chef] Heard the disturbance out the window, oh shit they got my son Pulled over his Tempo, Brenda dropped the endo Had her little nephew with her yo she didn't care They always harassed her, until she blew the captain with a razor His partner turned red in his waist, Mase done smacked her with the walkie, yoked her then slammed her on her face He bugged on her like she was drugged, plugged one in her The fifth relaxed her like a big thug pistol whipped her Heard she was dusted, musta been the way they threw the cuffs on her She broke the shits, went and rushed the kid Wavin her hands, she had a half an axe, all in her tracks He grabbed her by the air, she broke his jaw it cracked More cops arrived, they both bloodied down by the five Wildest niggaz just smilin cause it look live They gave her forty years in New Orleans, callin me wodie Shorty was young, by three days had a great bid [GZA] You're just worms in the worst part of the apple that's rotten You squirm and you turn from the right, still plottin All slimy cause you stay grimy, petty crimey cat You sometime me, don't need to remind me about livin in the core, with the scramblers in front of the store The bum holdin the door, the mugging no one saw We played ball in the alley where dope was shot raw And the school they kept flawed, plus the lowest test scores Small percentage determined to strengthen they position Transformation from critical to, stable condition But it still be obstacles on niggaz that's optical Watchin you like salt-water sharks that's tropical The money was the root and it's the instinct to make it With they pockets and fridge naked, many aim to take it Whether - hold up, set up, stabbin or a wet up Just to know it was the kid next door fizzucked your head up Once he fell short, frequently visit the courts And for some, another way out, is music and sports That's why I, keep the rhyme just as fly as a shot that won the championship, with just oh on the clock [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Radioactive (Four Assassins) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You will be punished (Wu-Tang style)  for all your evil deeds. (Wu-Tang style)  Be warned - you will suffer.. (Wu-Tang style)  .. justice!" (Wu-Tang style) [GZA] Slept on this hazardous enterprise Hit from the back, from a long range attack in disguise Week self-captivity became months Those who were holdin it down they hold a pump Do we delay the conflict and prolong the suffer? Got a mass of starvin niggaz wanna eat supper Unfair corruptions lead to abductions Creatin wider circles of destructions So we attack, with the pen and blaze in From the terrifyin to the fascinating Quick to slay a narrow minded nigga that's hasty to give credit Full of hostile overtones mixed with wack edits They heavily defended airfields But they bodies rot behind punctured steels When I greeted you, you didn't hear a piece of my voice? Oh that water was my liquid of choice Forensic couldn't tell it, it was nine tons of steel pellet Powerful projection, noise is deafening Carrier battle groups, that's threatening Higher level bombing, plus The shipment in hand known as alarming, bells ring loud In the same crucial manner but different style (Wu-Tang style, Wu-Tang style!) [Raekwon the Chef] Yeah.. Aiyyo once again, all blunts again Yo the real remain silent, any type of violence I'm in Allah's helpful most, innovative raps that brought wealth through, shot out the belch too We holdin, automatic semis with sick lines Run up, body niggaz, break down shoddy niggaz Styles so sharp, state of the art Greater the mark, flyest creator sprayed layin darts Flowin like water, "Apocalypse Now" Gun out blaow, wow the shit's wild when you short us Runnin through parkin lots, don't get caught Let off, bark your shots, we outta here, off the blocks [Method Man] It ain't all to the good, muh'fuckers hatin in the hood Gotta a hundred wolves waitin in the woods for the Clan's forthcomin I miss you in the game a court summons And fugitives of rap caught runnin, y'all get locked up E'rything was wack 'til we popped up And got it on and poppin like Orville Reddenbacher Potnah, you ain't got no wins in mi casa Wu-Tang got ya, like every ghetto got a Tasha Request lines are now open, you see these MC's chokin and thinkin, "What's that SHIT they be smokin?" I'm so focused, simple chronic halitosis Keep my shit funky when I spit this braggadocious {*hach, spit*} Y'all niggaz got some fuckin nerve to critic what I write, that's my muh'fuckin word Blah blah blah, like N'Sync Kiss that ass "Bye Bye Bye" knahmsayin? I ain't playin [Masta Killa] Many shall come, few chose to stay exact Track after track I'm fightin for survival Before me I see hills and mountains they sway The words gotta move and the crowd's like the ocean I walk water holdin y'all suspended with the vocal What's the total people that came to see the Gods? I gave thought talent, construct my best poetry Potentcy, high-level content Side effect may cause a tec to eject, many places All ages streets to cages, split faces Shoutin nuff love to the peeps from Miami We live from Pulaski and spread glassy {*cut and scratch: "Wu-Tang style"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Ron Isley Album: Iron Flag Song: Back in the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "It's true - the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang, could be dangerous!" [Method Man] Uh-huh, Mr. Biggs, Track Masters (woo!) It's a Wu-Tang official right here y'know [Inspectah Deck] Yeah, the employees of the year yeah we're back to work We took time off, while other rappers got jerked Shit's bout to change now, it's a shame how things ain't the same but I'm back in the game now And as we step in the door, we cause panic Yep, the usual suspects, we at it Vet status, y'all went a week with the belt Few chicks felt your style, now you feelin yourself Meet your maker, I dropped you at eight years old I got stock in your flow and crops to sharehold Crops with the prose where cops won't dare go Got top centerfolds too hot to wear clothes Still me - always have and will be Ill G - it's silly to hate but feel free Hey - hear what I say, they gotta pay And my return is like Christ, declare the holiday [Chorus: Ron Isley] Back in the game now.. copped me some weed now My people bout to eat now.. shit's bout to change now Back in the game now.. all my niggaz in the hood now Better catch up now.. shit's bout to change now [Method Man] Uh, y'all see I'm in the street strugglin Young dumb and thuggin, give a FUCK about nuttin Stuck at rock bottom, tryin to come up on somethin Pumpin from sundown to sun-up, we hustlin Vision my nigga now get in where you fit in And see prison, as just the high cost of livin the life Ante up cause if you blow the dice on that O-Z, Dorothy ain't goin home tonight That's on e'rythang, put it on the kids and the wife Been buryin my folks ever since they raised the price on the coke Searchin for a quick antidote Mo' money, mo' problems to cope [GZA] We were at the same table when the chips were checked A gamblin +Rebel+ who +Inspects+ the +Deck+ Just when you thought we would fold our hand Against all odds we raised the bet like we changed the plans It was live on air but in between station breaks I was holdin a pair and just made the table stakes Split the demos, put insurance on tapes A safeguard against the crusaders in capes If I double down they say the Gods are sharks If we win against the house they thought the cards was marked We draw hit after hit from a royal flush menu While the dealer promoted the full house venue A spade in the club with the heart to wear diamonds The high roller who got credit upon signin They look puzzled when I shuffle, most of 'em stunned by the hustle Recourse of bluff game's your muscle [Chorus] - 0.75X [Raekwon] Say what? ("Shaolin shadowboxing!") [R. Isley] Shit's bout to change.. [Raekwon the Chef] Aiyyo, on rainy days I sit back and count ways on how to get rich, coolin with a mean ill Jamaican bitch Banana coat matchin with the ratchet Lil' black weave sweatpants style, air force is actin Jump in the 6, kicks look crisp, talkin bout the bird Flow through your hood in the mean tints that's giant It's like the family that flipped on you for lyin Buried you alive, left your whore cryin We on your floor look more doors Dey ain't ate either, I hope y'all niggaz is armed And when we get there, all my niggaz in the mix Yeah Shallah Lex, Diamond got me buyin Louis Rich wear [Ghostface Killah] Most people say the Clan was missin since I got dropped offa radio Overnight your whole style was bitten in the process Everybody switched they names like Whatcha call it, any fast (?) It was the Gods that repped that, sharkskin dark skinned bitches Clarks from Digi left the game dizzy Ooh got busy, that dancey shit slid through We had to stay hood cause that's who we been through RZA came through, mastermind got the cash and power Proof that power plastered divine classical lines Mathematical rhymes, the style is unbearable Now niggaz with the radical shines It's Ghost-Deini, every coast need me We back motherfucker that's right, it's the W.T.C. World Trade Center, Wu-Tang Clan We brought so much heat that we was givin you tans an' shit {*Ron Isley ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: Iron Flag Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Raekwon] Murder one of y'all niggaz.. Get to hurtin one of y'all niggaz.. Bitches, snatch the shirt off one of y'all niggaz [Raekwon the Chef] ... kick dirt Color glocks splitters just listen there's UFO visitors Fly paintings remainin, reclinin pro-comissioner One boot off he Rudolph, know he hyped flew off Hibernatin, dead in the makin, ear-rake him, gear-rake him Technician murderer, Wu hit the universe Our words is crush, fingers icy slush, ringers wants Mercedes bust Tip bottles, Movado, sailin in some Wu googles you follow Mail and jail letters, sendin niggaz lottos What made you murder my flow, what made you rival my clothes What made you -- fuck it, yo son these niggaz gotta owe I think a lot of flows, I flip exotic hoes We paintin pictures if it's (?) I seen a lot of those Gettin fly with Ghost, power just buy the boats RZA your vision is exquisite, daddy hide your scrolls Platonic chronic shows, tonic prose Off the meter Panasonic know, son line me a ho [Masta Killa] Devestatin shockwaves strikin the nation Newsflash, warn the people, assassination The hour of detonation, pure untampered or mixed in any form In any form mixed untampered it's pure Dissect each line of the rhyme Find my ingredients and nutrients Teach patience and obediance before movement Killer bee student enrollment I'm out your control and expose if it's synthetic Quote these plush degrees as I inject, there's many at risk Slang therapist Shallah Rae Bless the people, with magnificent wordplay [Inspectah Deck] Aiyyo you know the half, some get respect, most we show the path They quoted tracks while we spoke math, blowin fast Expose the craft, first picks chosen in the draft I don't flash, hoes love me cause I hold a stash Known to blast, paramedics couldn't close the gash Floatin past in a 'Nail with the oak dash Show the cash, watch it blow in half, it's no fair They goin mad, check their tape recorders and their notepads Crabs wanna play me close and grab Can't believe you on the canvas, I'm just throwin jabs Where the powers you supposed to have, hand in your soldier rag You posin bad, show your ass son, you won't last With heavy weights that elevate the whole mass Compose a smash, rollin grass at Ghost lab {*samples scratched: "drink to your new life.. iron flag brothers"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag Song: The Glock * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * song appears after the track "Iron Flag" but isn't in the credits .. good thing we brought the glock [U-God] Yo, yo {*clears throat*} Yo - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK It's a block party, niggaz just bust shots Pssh - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Thought you had props, with yo' gangsta bop  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Meet me on the Hill or the Ave. hilltop Pssh - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK You like what you see, my shiny-ass rock  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK [Ghostface Killah] I fuck the shit out of Patricia Drummonds Looked out the window when her man was comin  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Catch me at the Ruckers game Playin the side with my spaghetti chain  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Riker's Island shanked down There go them niggaz who blew Hal my nigga  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK I'm at the ATM Niggaz lookin sneaky in the grey BM Yo - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK [RZA] Twenty drunk crabs try to push through the back door  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Five boxcutters drawn they was ready for war  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK That's that thug down from Southside who tryin to front son  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Little dog bout to flip, someone fucked his baby moms  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK [Chorus: U-God singing] Never leave home without it  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Y'all niggaz ain't bout it, bout it  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Never leave home without it  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Y'all niggaz ain't bout it, bout it  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK [Masta Killa] You niggaz thought somethin was sweet cause we rollin with the seeds today  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Back in the A-Train, Halloween Niggaz in masks, want my name ring  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK It's Brooklawn day, Pinkhouse day Park Hill Stapleton day  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK That same cat we stomped out Seen him at Eastern Parkway, to park (?)  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK [Raekwon the Chef] We in the spot where the money's marked NARCs just jump through the window yo  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Them niggaz killin young niggaz at will Check how they did my little man son  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK We ain't slaves, we just rich renegades that's paid Born in the ghetto yo  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK Up in the staircase, flooded with cakes Screwfacin with the dirty eights  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK  - GOOD THING WE BROUGHT THE GLOCK (*repeat 4X to end*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu-Tang Iron Flag Song: Dashing (Reasons) Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Intro: Inspectah Deck] The nigga had a pair of Air Olden Polynice's on Oh shit, the nigga had a pair of Air Christen Slaters Rebel I, slay the max, it's really Digital Rockin' the latest in, every day comin' at niggaz Rockin' the latest in Ben Stillaways Fuck that, the next big thing, lay this as Hollywood niggaz Now that's a money thing Yo yo [Hook: Inspectah Deck *singing*] I was +Dashing+ through the hood Eighteens with the whip, smoke gray Leavin' skid marks on five-oh, smokin' all the way Hahaha! With my all-star team, bitches see our shine Yo son we gotta make that +CREAM+ whether raps or Nixon times [Inspectah Deck] They call me Rollie, watch me polly with the wide body Dinali Packed the bad hottie, rocked enough ice to play hockey I swarm like paparazzi, she popped a wheelie on the candy apple Kawasaki Everything is sloppy, philosophical for those who copy I'll probably splash her tonight, don't block Sippin' on Lime Bacardi got me toxy Plus the Cali 'dro holdin' me, I'm 'bout to 'scape like the Roxy Ever property, Monopoly, big shotti Snatch the +CREAM+, whether in the concert hall or in the lobby Used to be a hobby, got me duckin' Rudy Giulianni like I'm still coppin' big eights from papi Follow me, whether Mardi Gras' or house party It's wild like safari, ain't mean to catch the body But had 'em wobbly off the first blow, tryin' to knock me I'm known to pump ya blood like the theme song to Rocky Kamikaze, might karate chop ya head like a natty dread then call myself Collar Ratsi Professionally trained, I am for your artery I give the autographs but charge for photography Not hardly kid, you awkward Godbody You'se a carbon copy, just started to rock Wallys Spark the brocolli, spaz off this ghetto opery Or catch the hot seat, you're bawty boy without ya posse Seen.. [Chorus x4: Inspectah Deck] Come, come, come One for the dough, son Give me the reasons [GZA] They couldn't get me, watch me move swiftly Broke the unmarked fifty with this cabby who was a gypsy He stayed tipsy, said he loved his bills crispy Drivin' the streets he kept heat on the night, shifty Quickly, who ring bells like it's twelve on Sunday? While the stage catch shells from forceful gunplay Mere fact that the track was a fierce counterattack All those who couldn't multiply were sent back No tanks, low rank, soldiers hittin' the heart Tainted the heart of an empire, was torn apart Brought to a halt from a front full assault The chemist left the lab with undetermined results They saw the swordsman sift electrical volts The audience threw nuts with loose screws and bolts The archives automatically changed ya stiff vibes It was layin' in the zip drive from chest five [Chorus x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Iron Flag (Import) Song: The W * Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinterent.com, ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com * track 13 on non-US versions of the album [GZA (RZA)] I grew up around block parties ready to rock Behind the rope nigga with my rhymes on cock The verse shot first nigga who had shit to pop A bad weather blow the feathers off a hundred flocks With 70% goose, 30 ducked, get stuck And each link in your chain is trucked No ends in this rhyme cipher with nine snipers Charge of the kiss from the Pied Piper I live around DJ's, b-boys, MC's Through rap never thinkin' +Airways+ are TVs It was strictly all about magnificant rhyme clout +Rec Room+, 2 dollars with the flyer as we would doubt Now his wigs pushed back Name scratched off the plaque, too wild to re-enact (Yo) [Chorus x2: U-God] Got to check out +The W+, got to check out-- +The W+ Got to check out +The W+, got to check out-- +The W+ [Method Man] MC's have the right to remain silent Everything you say can and will be used against y'all muh'fuckers And Mef can only trust ya as far as I can see ya Me need ya? That'll be the.. day, ya busta It gets no rougher when, me and my comrades rush ya Like red heat with hammers and sickles I milk like ya baby mama's nipples, got issues It's just us, so what's what if any can touch us Then lord strike me down where I stand at now wit this bottle of Remy, gettin' fucked up child, listen The most notable MC, ya source for hip hop quotable MC Of course it's Tical! [U-God] The Princess, the Pope, incest, dope Choke you by the throat, the chrome handle smoke The man not for joke, we all out for broke Plus the herbal that I tote, the murder that I wrote You can't do me none, my Uzi weighs a ton I'm comin' from the slum, Wu is number one I stumbled on the drum, the Gods are troublesome +Rumble+ when we come, boy you better +Run+, +Run+ [Raekwon] Aiyo, it's like this jumpin' out of golden whips Flashin' mega bricks, outfits, rock ridiculous whips, bitch Wavy hair, men of the year, bent in the stairs Sick winter gear, been on position is where Call him an Asiatic God-body, +Longevity+ Slang rap, you get your whip wrapped Swing through the hood calmly Yo what up? Staten Island, Bush, George Dust shut shit off, whips spin off Get off, slips, which, wiz Mind di-tects mines, lines lick sick nines Pick wines, lift up, bill a nigga six flies Dip wide, dress my shit up, fuck six times, wish mine Rub lamps, take thousand dollar crystalines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Campfire Typed by: Tha Masta [kung-fu sample from "8 Diagram Pole Fighter"] Today I'll talk about kindness Justice, faith, and kindness I want you to listen carefully Kindness and faith, are the foundation Without them, we can't become good people And with justice, we know we can lead a good life And how can I be a good man then, eh? Huh... well, first of all, you have to practice honesty Mmm? Keep your temper, never lose control of yourself Keep control Be patient, if you learn to do these things, you can master anything [Chorus: sample of "Gypsy Woman" by Curtis Mayfield] Out of nowhere, there came a caravan This was around a campfire light A lovely woman in motion Her hair was as dark, as the night [Method Man] Cruisin on the interstate, just follow while I innovate Too many try and imitate, medallion like a dinner plate Front and get your dinner ate, chinchilla for the winter, wait I'm tryin to bring the "Sexy Back" with Timbaland and Timberlake Spittin like a calico, kush from a Cali hoe Tell that joker "tally ho", put shots in that Denali yo RZA you know how we go on them 20's, that's how we roll And I don't eat berries but eat a Berry like Halle though The game criminal, my, my chain figaro My, my dame's pigeon-toed, I'm still the same nigga though Uh, kid rock a fitted low, still got a wicked flow And I'm like Barry Bonds on anything that RZA throw [Ghostface Killah] On anything that RZA throw, Ironman's invisible I left my chick for cheatin on me, now that bitch is miserable Poppin bottles, paintin hella Wallo's on my physical We gon' have a ball, might as well pick a testicle Purple haze festivals, smoke a nigga like a bowl Fuck a coma, now the state you layin is a vegetable You wanna see me? Like you ain't checkable? You like a CD, I burn you and I wrecked a few... [Chorus]  last line only "Her hair" [kung-fu sample  over Chorus] Only God, has lept into avenged mind And can distinguish, good, from evil Ha ha ha ha [RZA] Aiyyo Cappa!! [Cappadonna] We gotta get more cake together, so we could branch out Preserve land, get a boat and a ranch house Call me a dreamer, but I hustle for real You thought that I fell off but now I'm attackin the field All in Chicago, grindin, puttin it down Crush blocks of MC's, I ain't playin around Yo you heard me on The Bassment, givin it to 'em Fake dudes hidin theyself, but I could see through 'em Diggler, what? I'm tryin to live and raise kids While you throwin up ya sign, I'm layin 'em down kid Plus I'm back home now, doin my thing Thirty dollars to Medina just to cop me a ring {"Out of.. out of.. out of.. out of.."} [Chorus]  first 1/2 [kung-fu sample  over Chorus] A good friend, holds his drink Bad company makes bad wine! Drinking among friends Red wine means a good life A few drinks bring comfort Two drinks are enough! Money can't buy courage! Riches mean nothing to us! Brilliant, a display of genius The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Take it Back Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: movie sample] + (Raekwon) On the firing line... lock, one round load Ready on the right? Ready on the left? Ready on the firing line? Watch for ya targets (Yeah, yeah, yeah...) pay attention [Raekwon] Welcome to the fish fry where niggaz get burnt to a crisp Jump out the pot, "Yeah yo I got this" Long armor, construction's on, I'm pro-drama Catch me in the wildest beefs, I bring bombers Bearded like Talibans, booted, my black ninjas 'll come through, tuxedos on with the gold llamas Priceless like emeralds, check out the ski mask King Tut's nephew gave it to me for three bags Of heron, Don Baron, sniff a bag of blow Fifth out, runnin' up in Saks with the ill army Shake feds, play dead, yo check out what Rae said Lay on ya hands, let the Branson break bread High energy, all my niggaz a kin to me Regardless how it go down I still get ten a ki Beware of my enemies, y'all remember me Nikes with the low goose on and I've been a beast Wilding in my headphones, red in my stones Good ganja out, if I die fill up my headstones With water, dough, acid and gold classics All my niggaz who pump, the spirit'll jump out and grab shit Max with the laser on 'em, staircase caskets (caskets) Broke bugged thugs in the hallway maxing (maxing) [Interlude: Inspectah Deck] + (movie sample) Still them 1-6-Ooh niggaz, straight up (whoa, hold up, hold up) [Inspectah Deck] The nozzel aim, rip through ya frame for pocket change Fiend for the Rush Hour 4, then pop a vein Thousand dollar corks pop, pause or get off top Used to be a general, just lost your spot Animal House, two grand'll handle ya mouth Beast mode with the G-Code, cancel 'em out Son, I've seen hell, fell into the palms of Satan arms Don that I am made 'em bow in the face of God Graveyard Shifting, different day, the same thing The name ring then the chain swing and dames cling Money green, Maury kicks, whips and new fitteds (It was all a dream) Advocated by the few who do live it Bloomberg, make a nigga cop the Mausberg Shorty ain't a shorty, he a Shooter like Wahlberg Old man told me, don't be, blind to deception, only Sharp with perfection, homey ,ya mind is a weapon [Interlude: movie sample] Relax, you got ya muscles tight, relax 	Word... Word... [Chorus: Method Man] + (U-God) First we told y'all niggaz, then we showed y'all niggaz, huh? (We gon' take it back with this) By the time you get a show, we've been all around the globe, huh? (We gon' take it back with this) Before you even had a name, you was screaming "Wu-Tang" (We gon' take it back with this) When we was running on the block, you was under ya pops, remember (We gon' take it back with this... let's go) [Ghostface Killah] Armored truck money, Shazam bangles, play the throne like Julius Caesar, gorilla mob, slash, Killah's gaurd Fake passports and visas, all of my goons They be carrying spoons, because boom, he had a massive seizure Hot chocolate lovers, guns is published Detroit bitches out of town be dying to fuck us This is real talk, shank lullabyes Ben Franks, we like Jet Blue we stay hella high Curl on the dumbell L, we can't even S-P-E-L-L MTV or TRL's Supreme novelists, we rank superior, guarding the post Down low in the 'jects, got it locked in ya area Ain't tryin' to hurry up We like rebel niggaz powdered up wilding in the streets of Liberia No matter the crime, I'm beating the case If I'm a wrong, a chair hit a judge right in his face Shitting shanks out, come to court dates Mittens on shines with blood Wally's that's the color of wine [U-God] Talk to me, my criminal mystique Kick back the boards, six thousand a week Pay homage, what the don beat, you're a minor threat I see ya sweat roll down ya cheek And ya soft and sweet, ya talk is pork Get murdered in New York when I enforce the heat And the cost ain't cheap, my advice is priceless Bring back the life that ya thought was lifeless The Way of the Gun, son, who the nicest? S.K., no stungun, smooth devices Time Crisis, I played the game, low lifers In a brawl, ripped the phones out the walls in Riker's Vipers in the infirmary rooms with slicers Shiesters with hate in their blood might bite ya Fuck that bitch, ya wife don't write ya Cancel her, buy another one just like her Pipers in the bucket of ice taste righteous Today's mathematics when we build in cyphers The baby automatic kill like Air Force strikers I'm still Asiatic when I spill the hypeness [Interlude: movie sample] The dark, and this place will come here 	That's right! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Get Them Out Ya Way Pa Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Method Man] If you got it, light it up (8X) [Method Man] Ain't no shook in 'em, Pyrex pots is hot, fiends is cooking 'em Little niggaz hugging the block, cops is booking 'em Women hugging they purse when they spot the crook in 'em Back when little J got shot, pops was whooping 'em Little noses dripping with snot, ock, now look at 'em The ghetto got a hook in 'em now, drugs, stay pushing 'em Used to throwing dirt in these blunts, now, it's kush in 'em Used to tell these chicks to shut up, now, he's shooshing 'em Get cash, get that ass, or put a foot in 'em Iron Flag, flag that cab, Bedford and Put-e-nam There ain't no puss in 'em, dick, dildo, or gush in 'em Niggaz still got that juks in 'em [Chorus 2X: Ghostface Killah] + (Raekwon) If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa) If he drunk and he run his mouth (Get 'em out ya way pa) If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa) (Get 'em out ya way pa, move, move, move) [U-God] I'm seduced by the chrome, it's a ruthless poem It took a little time to get his juices going Producers know him, as the kid with the Iron Palm Righteous hammer, examine the firearm Approach or get fired on, permanent chest scar Empire Strikes Back, check out the Death Star Bless y'all, wet y'all, do the impossible Where I'm from, we use dum-dums in the arsenal Highly sparkable, get stretched off the knuckle check Known to scuffle, I take it to the upper deck Universal conquest, kung fu, buckle vets In a dufflebag, max yo, a couple techs Give 'em ear hustle, Wu brand, we programmed Next time we dance, it won't be a slow jam I fear no man, son, you get lynched up Nigga bitch, get Frankenstein stitched up [Masta Killa] Yeah, voice skipping off percussion Give it to 'em how they love it, slow flow, deadly, beloved All praise, the daunting, calm yet So alarming, without a word being spoken A thought with no voice, just a nod and a look The contract was took, straight cash, off the books A major pawn took a Don, look, he's armed With a few black rooks from the heart of the Crook Shook ones look while they hung him on Hercules hooks They found his body near a shallow brook, escaped on foot Switched the look up, out of state, he got the hook up The flipped cake, thought lighter than the feather Yet heavier than weight, when my mindstate starts to break, take cover Over RZA instrumental, I'm damn near invincible, it's simple [Chorus 2X] [Outro: kung fu sample] Tell me, what are they like? 	They got holes in the top, five round holes 	While I was watching, this stranger, hit them 	But his fingers went right through the bone So then, they've... mastered it 	It's some style of kung fu, you know it? The Skeleton Claw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Rushing Elephants Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Yo, yo, yo, what up kid? Yo, these niggaz is back, son (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) I'm telling you, spit that, done it nigga Yeah... yeah... yeah, yeah, I seen it like a Zenith, man You hear me man? Word up, man, ya'll know what it is It's on again, man, for real, Top Gun, what what [Raekwon] Aiyo, we came through thumping like elephants The new Range is super-charged, I remains intelligent Back to the formula, lord, hard grammar This is God school, make sure the lobby ain't jammed up Excalibur swords, T-Rexes, bibles of rhymes We in the lunchroom, weed and veggies for breakfast Polo campus, sicker lances, the crisp Hundred dollar kick niggas, that be showing you hand steps Back to the dormatory, where niggas Broke my forearm and index finger, now you write glory True holding my flag, it's all engraved in my blade So when I wave it, you gon' say Rae mad Now it's 28 Days Later, now Wu's up, do something, you can't It's blood in my eye, I might get amped To rip something down, the billboard holders is back So when you see me, you gon' say he gets down [GZA] From darkness to DNA, I move with my brother And we resonate, energy that shifts in colors Bringing MC's punishment, then I'm done with it The meter leave way on the fast break, I run with it It was not a hobby, but a childhood passion That had started in the lobby and was quicky fashioned Every line to line, bar for bar is clockwork Hazardous and powerful enough to have your block hurt Check the total amount of MC's inflicted With torture, from moving with work that's restricted We criticize producers til they joints are right Then acupuncture the track with pinpoints of light Hitting them from well conceiled firing positions With explosiveness that'll make the deaf listen  Drastic, pyroclastic, connected with the same old Down the dangerous slopes of an active volcano [RZA] Blitz like the Green Bay Packers, sack like the linebackers Hang with niggas, like redneck crackers Strangle cold bottles of Beck's, like a vexed German Duck low behind the car, my tech burning Neck burning, from eight karats of sunlight Absorbed, in the grill, Big Pun like Lord of the Wu-Tang sword, know what that means? Like J.R. Tolkien, it's the Lord of the Rings This is my man, Chef, auto, like Grand Theft Auto The 18th letter, followed by the mark of Zorro Plus A, not for apple, but I pack an apple Shorty try to buck back, and knock me off the saddle Caramel, pecan, sundae, Pregline Plump breasts, was filled with saline Her big booty cousin, nasty Nadine Get you on the floor, whore tried to double team [Masta Killa] Is he still that nucca? Is he in the hood like that? Is he really strapped? Will he really split yo' shit? I thought you said he rap? Pull up in the yard, ten sets He ain't flexing, microphone ripping, heat holding Who testing? Rope-a-dope his black lotus Can't quote this, chat with the sword tongue Duck when the axe is swinging, wild Apache drum Crazy Horse kicking his thoughts, he won't quit Can't tell 'em nothing, he grown, give the man room Space was demanded, beat banging through the speaker Voice, heat seek missle, guided at the listener Swing to the gospel, catch up and wet at the brothel Unstoppable, direction of my flow, optional To the ear, depending on the current of air, the crowd's in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Dexter Wiggles Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Unpredictable Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Intro: RZA] Plush whips and rollies, ice chains and stogies No bitch could hold me, in this Thug World [Inspectah Deck] I hold it with the bolo grip, solo control the strip Behold, P.L.O. the click, man, it's over with So quick, notice how we bang with the knuckles bare Wu-Tang, keep it fresh like tupper ware The Jungle, Animal House, gat in your mouth Polly with the wild life, cannibal out Give this five course meal in effect, reel to reel or cassette Or with the mask on, peelin' the tech Killah Hill, man, you feelin' my set, feelin' my rep Annamette with the top down, wheelin' the 'Vette Scoop me downtown, cop the brown and back to the bids Twist a blunt in front of Jake and still mash on the strip Face sick with the rap shit, stacking them chips In the pits, stick shit, cats packing them grips Bad bitch with the black six, after my dick She like, this your pussy, and she smash my click Not a fake, not a fraud, see my name on the wall Niggaz straight, like an inmate, try'nna make the board Snake waiting, dudes came for sure, I lay law Stay raw, cause a 'massacre' with no 'chainsaw' Half y'all talk about it, but you don't want war See my wolves eat the bones and we still want more We be foaming at the mouth, even, I doubt we leave without eating So without reason, pounds are squeezing The lifestyle of fiends and beans, big dreams and CREAM Bitches ride like the Scream Machine For a taste of it, the chick strip, clean out the jeans Next thing she was smuggling coke between the seams [Chorus: Dexter Wiggles] + (RZA) If real niggaz is listening, the life we living in, is wrong (Witty Wu-Tang is unpredictable, Witty Wu-Tang is unpredictable) Back for transitions, to save us from harm We in the race for time... so we won't lose our mind But if we run the race like a thug We would lose that mind that we made of [RZA] You kept the weapon concealed like a magician's secret dollar bill Liable to pull a knife from out of his heal Snatch the sword from the rock with one hand One finger, bzzz, turn ya body to sand You'll be hoping you'd be Spidey, to get away from this You be hoping you be whitey when the judge get pissed One man, can't uplift the land Like Method Man standing on the hands of fans See the Captain and Lieutenants, true descendant Splendid, unprecidented, hip hop vintage Started from the park benches, before the NARCs could snitch us He was God Cypher Divine, trying to spark the wizzes [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Dhani Harrison, Erykah Badu, John Frusciante * Album: 8 Diagrams Song: The Heart Gently Weeps Typed by: Tha Masta * Dhani Harrison & John Frusciante play guitars [Ghostface - whispering] Shh, shh, shh, shh, Wu, Wu, Tang, Tang [Chorus: Erykah Badu] The joy the flowers bring me The pain still has me sinking All while my heart gently weeps Your smile has got me shrinking The tears in your eyes are twinkling Because the heart gently weeps [Raekwon the Chef] Snowy night, fiends basin, a Raisin in the Sun was amazin The joint on the dresser, a gauge went off Jumped up, fish tank, it fell, and they stuck They shot her cousin LaVon, he owed a buck Willie was awful, pulled out the ratchet, let off two Grits fell on his leg, Kiana ripped the cold bowl He violent, an Island nigga with the talent of six killas who just came home, from straight whylin Robbin everything in Macy's, Lacy, short haircut With long arms who fuck niggaz, got four babies Yvette jabbed her, slapped her wig off, ran in the crib She did the dumb shit, my nigga then clapped her Lester, smoked Chester sister Vest, I heard it was a mess They ripped the apple out her throat, blessed her Hungry hyenas from Medina, all eight trainers Who got reluct', think fast and blast from Beamers [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, yo I brought my bitch out to Pathmark, she's pushin the cart Headed to aisle four, damn I got milk on my Clark's That's what I get, not focusin from hittin that bar My mouth dried, need plenty water quick, I feel like a shark In the aisle bustin them paper towels and wipin my Wally's down I stood up to face a barrel, he's holdin a shiny pound It's him, he want revenge, I murdered his Uncle Tim I sold him a bag of dope, his wife came and copped again {*singing*} That bitch is crazyyyyy And uh, she brought her babyyyyy She knew I hard the murders, a smack It killed her man though, now I got his fuckin nephew grippin his gat You's a bitch  {*singing*} you better kill meeeee You know you're bootyyyyyy You pulled your toolie, out on meeeee... motherfucker First thought was to snatch the ratchet Said fuck it and fuckin grabbed it I ducked, he bucked twice, this nigga was fuckin laughin I wrestled him to the ground, tustle, scuffle, constantly kicked him He wouldn't let go the joint, so I fuckin bit him Shots was whizzin, hittin Clorox bottles Customers screamin, then the faggot ran out of hollows I had to show him what it's all about Next thing you read in the paper, "A man who came to kill gets knocked out" [Interlude: Erykah Badu] I don't know whyyy-hy-hyyyy, nobody told you Man's not supposed to cry... Though we're just babies, and you're so crazy How tears of joy bring so much life [Method Man] Yo, aiyyo yo yo You on your way to the store nigga grab me a Dutch, I'm mad as fuck My dude, my count was short when I was baggin it up Now I need liquor, nigga pass me a cup What's up with Officer Brown? The other day he tried to shackle me up He killed Kase and now he hasslin us This motherfucker got balls, even the gall to try and pattin me up Time to re-up, let these niggaz know we back on the block With three hundred off a G-pack, crack in the spot [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ George Clinton Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Wolves Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: George Clinton] The fox, is kinda foxy, Mr. Wolf he's the guy Who chased Red through the woods and ate Grandma But a dog is a dog is a dog is a dog Unlike the wolf, who made a widower of Grandpa [U-God] Yo, must I flex my cash, to sex yo' ass I wet the Ave. when I set my path The 'Vette don't crash, I'm built to long last Grab my money clip, I hit the bong fast Earn my respect, my checks they better cash Finger on the trigger with my nigga Fred Glass Knuckles is brass, start snuffin you fast Jumpin outta cabs, grabbin money bags Next shot go right through your hovercraft You do the math my answer tounge slash When will you learn it's return of Shaft The genuine thriller, the Miller Draft My force might blur, the Porsche'll purr The apple martini, of course it's stirred I'll do the honor, the Shaolin bomber Shark skin armor, I'll bring the drama [Method Man] Damn, deficatin on the map Wu-Tang takin it back, no fakin in the rap How real is that, cause niggaz hatin on the fact that the kid is blazin this track and hatin on 'em back My dough's stacked up with O's, who the mack duckin po'-po's blowin smoke O's in the 'Llac To be exact, don't want no hassle with the stack In the Big Apple, we the rotten apples in the back Yeah, it's all grillin, how the fuck y'all feelin? Non-stop park killin, on the block we was killin 'em The arch villans, when the blood start spillin Any stuck start squealin, body bags we was fillin 'em Yeah, now I got it in the smash Ounce of marijuana and a llama in the dash Me and my comrades followin the cash And livin e'ry day like tomorrow is the last [Interlude: George Clinton] I'm like the savior dog to ya baby when you're lost out in the snow Like a coyote out on the desert... Where the foxes never go And the wolf, they never go... [Masta Killa] Yo, would you recognize a jewel for what it is when you see it Or would you take it for somethin else and get to' the fuck up Men come together for the common cause To beat yo' ass, just because There's a line you don't cross offendin the boss While of course his one selectin through your head shot I'm back in the yard again, the bars callin 15 sets of this will have you swollen Ladies like, "Damn papa you lookin right I'd love to give you some of this pussy and I'm a dyke" I write when the energy's right to spark friction DJ cuttin it, spinnin it back mixin Great pop knock tickin, poetry description for the motion picture reenactment Activate a higher assassin, keep it classic Rap evolution every black, yo pass that [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Sunny Valentine Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Gun Will Go Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Method Man w/ sample] + (Sunny valentine) We got butter (8X) (The gun'll go, the gun'll go... The gun'll go...) [Raekwon] Aiyo, one thing for sure, keep you of all Keep a nice crib, fly away, keep to the point Keep niggaz outta ya face, who snakes Keep bitches in they place, keep the mac in a special place, Keep moving for papes, keep cool, keep doing what you doing Keep it fly, keep me in the crates Cuz I will erase shit, on the real, note, you'se a waste It's right here for you, I will lace you Rip you and brace you, put a nice W up on ya face Word to mother, you could get chased It's nothing to taste, blood on a thug if he gotta go All I know is, we be giving grace This is a place, from where we make tapes We make 'em everywhere, still in all, we be making base Y'all be making paste, these little niggaz, they be making shapes Our shit is art, yours is traced [Chorus: Sunny Valentine] This is the way that we rolling in the streets You know when we roll we be packing that heat The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go The gun'll go, the gun'll go... [Method Man] This is, Poverty Island, man, these animals don't run Slums where the ambulance don't come Who got the best base? Fiends waiting to smoke some Approach something, ask him where he getting that coke from My dudes hug blocks like, samurai shogun Cuz no V and no ones, equalling no fun Who want a treat they know, huh? Body to go numb My woman need funds, plus her hair and her toes done It is what it is though, you fuck with the kid flow That make it hard to get dough, the harder to get gold Harder the piff blow, harder when it snow The pinky and the wrist glow, this here, what we live for Get gwop, then get low, but first thought We gotta get the work off, the gift and the curse, boss Yeah, see I'm the shit yo, the dirt in the fit, no Hustling from the get-go, the motto is get more [Masta Killa] We was quiet flashy brothers, strapped all along With the dirty .38 long, twelve hour shift gate Took case, state to state, you think he won't hold his weight? Put ya money on the plate and watch it get scrapped We get ape up in that club, off that juice and Henn And it's a no win situation fucking with them You mean like Ewing at the front at the rim, finger roll a Dutch Million dollar stages touched, techs, gauges bust Trust no one, the lone shogun, rugged Timb boot stomper Damaging lyrical mass destruction launcher Nothing can calm the quakeage when I break, kid Peace to my brothers up north, doing state bids [Chorus 2: Sunny Valentine] Whoa... this is the way we be rolling in the club You know when we roll we be packing .32 snubs The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go [Outro: sample to fade] We got butter... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Sunlight Typed by: Ripsta2k@hotmail.com [Sample] The heart is the general, the eyes are the scouts the fists are the arrows, the body is the bow All movements have to be.... [RZA] I'm the 7 in the center of the sun, I keep shinin My inner light would turn my baby's tear drop to small diamonds That be twinklin, while my love be sprinklin We stay young while your old wicked faces be wrinklin ALLAH's the most gracious, he made the universe the most spacious Seen and heard in all places, but still appear faceless Embraces all races, all caste and all cases In every spec of life he's the substance of all traces [Break] The answer to all questions, the spark of all suggestions Of righteousness, the pathway to the road of perfection Who gives you all and never ask more of you The faithful companion that fights every war with you Before the mortal view of the prehistorical, historical He's the all and all, you searchin for the oracle A mission impossible, purely philosophical But you call him on your death bed when you layin in the hospital [Break] And as you play all day like the grasshopper who work and toil Like armies of ants carrying stones of soil Building a home for themselves and storing food At night we praise ALLAH and adore the moon In sync like the flow of the Nile, the growth of a child Only fearin' GOD, we great a ghost with a smile That which is spirit is spirit, which is flesh is flesh Meaning life has no partnership with death [Break] Yo, I've been highly misunderstood by those who met us They had ears of corn and heads of lettuce Mentally dead, essentially lead by the false teachings And eventually pledge their allegiance To that which was against them and exempt them from the truth Then juiced them and pimped them to give it in tithes So the church can rise, while their babies home hungry covered with flies Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Trying to harness the wind ALLAH's the father from without and within On Christ return, who will announce him? Every tree is numbered, but who can count them? The name of all things on this world, who can pronounce them? ALLAH is the father of all, why do you doubt him? [Sample] The heart is the general, the eyes are the scouts the fists are the arrow, the body is the bow All movements have to be ?? The wrist must be strong and the fingers powerful Fast, high kicks, a good firm stance Avoid the enemy's strong points The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Gerald Alston Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Stick Me for My Riches Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Intro: Gerald Alston] Ooh-wee... mmmmmmmm, yeah... [Gerald Alston] See I was raised out on these mean streets I'm from the projects, right, where poverty and hell meet I'm searching everyday to find a better way, I've got a Hustle still to get my pay before I hit bottom Now some might say that I'm already there But who are they to judge or question what I do, son, so I don't care Tired of eating cheese sandwiches with no meat Tired of watching all the playas from the same seat So it's a life of crime, some might sing or rhyme To escape the ghetto before the flatline Choices to make, what am I gonna do Got to use my talents, they gonna pull me through [Chorus: Gerald Alston] Now with success, I become a target They wanna set me up, I guess more money equals more problems They wanna get me, wanna hit me, strip me of my riches They wanna cut me up in pieces, leave me deep in ditches [Hook: Gerald Alston] And I can't take it.... but I'm gonna make it... Yeah... oh... I'm gonna make it... yeah... ohhhhhh Fight to stay alive [Method Man] I was raised out on these mean streets You know where poverty and hell meet Brothers get jail and life's for sale, cheap Since momma held me, in her arms, to tell me That it's a cold world, I done held heat And held myself down, lotta bodies and shells found And niggas into taking everything, that ain't nailed down We fell down, ain't hard to tell now I ain't trying, to see the cell now or see momma put her house up for bail now So I'mma give all I got, to try and get that gwop Nigga I'm hot with this hustle, go 'head and get the cops I use my talent to get more figures Unlike these little corner store niggas Go change your drawers, niggas [Chorus: Method Man & Gerald Alston] Now with success and I've become a target They wanna set me up, take me hostage, or take me down some notches They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches They wanna diss me, want a clip me, leave me stiff in ditches [Hook: Gerald Alston] + (Method Man) And I can't take it, no, no, but I'm gonna make it... (This ain't no game, my life ain't nothing to play with) Yeah... I'm gonna make it... oooh... (Face it, money is power and I'ma make it) I'm gonna make it... oooh... [Inspectah Deck] Yeah, I'm gon' survive, yo, yo, aiyo N.Y. City, gritty blocks, little love, plenty cops Few rise, many drop, True Lies, semis cocked Fishscale, already rocked, heavy shots, that we drop New guys on every block, blue eyes and red dots Pregnant mothers, broke fathers, more money, more problems So hungry, won't starve 'em, work hard and so pardon I got mouths to feed, I got pounds of weed I need some more, another store, another house, indeed An X amount of G, the reason pounds'll squeeze And strip you naked, basic, trying to make it out the P's Don't ever doubt a G, and have me spaz like 'Face with the K, and my nose all powdery It ain't about the streets, it's 'bout the beast within That won't give in to 'lice, down to bleed, G [Chorus: Inspectah Deck & Gerald Alston] Now with success and I've become a target They wanna set me up, take me hostage, or take me down some notches They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches They wanna diss me, wanna clip me leave me stiff in ditches [Hook: Gerald Alston] + (RZA) And I can't take it (yeah), no, no, but I'm gonna make it... (Yeah, yea, turn the beat up a little right here) Yeah... I'm gonna make it... oooh... (Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yo, just, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang) [RZA] Aiyo, RZA, Meth, GZA, Deck, Ghost and Chef be cashing checks Killa, Cap be snapping necks, Street and 'Zilla flash the tech Sacrifice a savage life, if he trying to bag my ice Tag a price on merchandise, tell me, is it worth ya life? [Gerald Alston] No... it's a cold, cold, cold world You can't be playing games with my life I've gotta fight to survive, fight to stay alive [RZA] Aiyo, metal pipes ignite, sparking fire, light the darkness night Trying to stick me for my riches, now y'all bitches taking flight Major business, raise the digits, tried to strike me for my life Slice and dice, men or mice, GZA tell 'em what it's like [GZA] Aiyo, money making, people flaking, Cash Rules, fuck the bacon Earthquaking, head is aching, bank stop, dice shaking Times are hard, sew a job, scheming niggaz wanna rob Use a hoe to slob ya knob, hit you with unruly mobs Stab you in the back and smile, watch you bleed for a while Hating on the agile, steal ya name and bite ya style Hold you for a ransom note, Goliath cutting David's throat Grab ya vest, abandon boat and leave you out at sea to float [Chorus: GZA & Gerald Alston] Now with success and I've become a target They wanna set me up, I guess more money equals more problems They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches They wanna diss me, want clip me, leave me stiff in ditches [Gerald Alston] And I can't take it.... no, no... but I'm gonna make it... Yeah... oh... I'm gonna make it... ooh... yeah... It's a cold, cold, cold world I got my hand on my gun, they got a brother on the run Yeah... it's a cold, cold, cold world You can't be playing games with my life I've gotta fight to survive, fight to stay alive This ain't a game, this is my life Keep pushing me to the edge, I'm gonna push back And you won't like that, it's guaranteed you won't like that When ya laid down, laid flat... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Streetlife, Sunny Valentine, Tash Mahogany Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Starter Typed by: Tha Masta [Chorus: Sunny Valentine] + (Tash Mahogany) She's my number one gangsta chick (my starter) She's my number one starter chick She's my number one drafted pick, she's my number one line on the hit I only wanna see it (my starter) It's truly needed, When the ball drops... Anything she say, you know I'm gonna do (my starter) Watch out, watch out, when that ball drops... [Streetlife] You'se a starter, like Candace Parker Take flight like Skywalker, might wolf it on ya father Student Athlete, player of the week G.P.A. 4.0 and her game's complete Skintone buttercream, all defensive team Dreamgirl like Jennifer Hudson, you're my Queen To be, I'm ya King, keep ya under the wing Together we can capture the ring You the human highlight, body type, just right Hairdo stay tight, go hard ball all night All-star shine so bright Hall of famer, about to take the game to new heights You're my number one draft pick, McDonald classic No look dunks to the basket Yeah, yeah, that's mine, that's mine... [GZA] Blunt smoke, fifth hundred stroke I'm going nuts, full clip, shoot up her fat lips And round butt, catch Heat when I'm In Too Deep The answer beeps, she take dives on the busiest streets Whatever situation or the circumstances Outdoor, indoor, she's taking the chances Hotel, motel or Holiday Inn Overlooking that bible, she continued to sin Spread wide on the desk, paperwork all in a mess While the ceiling fan blowing her dress Ten minutes of jerking along with the slurping Her skirt hid her talent until I raised the curtains Showtime at the Apollo, she'll follow my lead Then get on her knees, then swallow her pride Strapped and ready to ride [Inspectah Deck] Yeah, that's my down bitch That's my down bitch, anything she do for her man If it's lying on the stand, fish frying in the pan She a Queen like Liz the third, wicked curves On her word, stay still, rocking linens and furs While she do it in the sack, jazz music in the back Flat blew a nigga back, act two, I'm into that Damn right, she the star of my team When we stepped on the strip, baby girl, we the heart of the scene Whether Brooklyn, Bronx, Manhattan or Queens Staten Island, she styling, if not, she's not seen Playboy status, every man's lust She acting all shy, but she likes handcuffs [U-God] I'm the first on the court, first to hit the dance floor The floss in this rap sport, what more can ya ask for? Let ya glass pour, Wu-Tang is here now All my Independent Women, time to let ya hair down Bottles popping, everything is fair ground Fresh legs, window shopping, can't help to stare it down You'se a starter cuz I chose ya first Baby, you'se a starter, where you throw that skirt Lady, you'se a starter, where ya hold it down Yeah, I'm Cold Blooded, then ya love my style This is rush hour traffic, first one to merk off It's like clockwork, first to get ya work off I'm the workhorse, Killa Bee performer Pro darter, starter, not a bench warmer, what? [Outro: kung fu sample] You've learned how to kill Every moved you've learned is trained to that end Yet, we wish to preserve life The first thing to learn, is that difference Then you can start training with us, from the beginning The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Windmill Typed by: Tha Masta, Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] + (samples) (Make me yours) He get out of line, break his fucking arm... You know how it go (What am I supposed to say? Yeeaaah) You know, word up, not playing the games, with these niggaz, man (Somebody tell me what do I do...) None at all, man... hit 'em off, none of that, man [Raekwon] Aiyo, jump out the Acura, crazy heavy, what's popping? Us locking the game, word to every hand on the lockmen Street gwop, everybody eats, sweep blocks This is a message, ain't go no grams, we gon' beatbox Study like lessons, niggaz in the game biting the grain You knowing where it came from, stop it You thought we wasn't coming? You dumbing, you blunted again Watch Lex get that dough out ya pocket, rhyme all 'pallegic Can't nothing move when I rhyme, when I drop lines it's law out in Egypt Love ups, don't need no batteries now, what? The only niggaz that'll glow'll be us Yo, throw me in Sin City, leave me with the vultures and bats Then give me two weeks to bubble like Kim titties Dirt Dog, we miss you, now it's time to murder the game Cuz if things change, you know it ain't against Wu [Chorus 1.5X: sample] What am I supposed to say? Yeeaaah Somebody tell me what do I do... [GZA] We keep it hot, keep the heat on the block We never stop, drawing water up until it begin to drop Raining with the patchwork of puzzles That was written in the year of the dragon More raw than you could ever imagine How much of a great blessing to a rap city Where the youth is organically fed, from the Witty Unpredictable, Talent And Natural Game is lyrical Analyze the picture, the portrait, the visual A Cuban Link Chef cooks spaghetti that's untied RAGU nigga whose tomatoes are sundried He gave y'all niggaz whiplash from bling bling But my rhyme'll give ya hot flash and moodswings Math shed light on divine secrets, then science leaked it For the lower level creatures that can't peep it I observe MC's, regardless From a neighboring world which is ten times the sharpness... [Masta Killa] Let the track wind and ya mind flow free Remain conscious on this ride to ya best ability Infinity, back to the source of which it came Energy, see it change forms, atoms being born, never ending On and on and on and, travel with me Not trying to convince the pack, that it's a fact For those who can't adapt, I lived it, shitted it back We have agreed, you'll feel the impact of the truth when I'll squeeze The brain feels something pop, hip hop, locked in texts Fat checks, fly whips, jewelry, chicks Enough kicks, fitted crown, buttoned down Underneath the white T lies the four pound This is forty-five minutes of menacing Dismantling, any MC opponent stepping in the zone Get ya face blown (Get ya face blown) [Inspectah Deck] Observe the word, when I speak, get the truth's heard True to the curb, Wu classic is the new birth Spreading the blessing across seven continents Arm of the trench, there's no form of defense Entertainment, nine swords swing rapid Check the techniques, first bow to The Abbott Witty Unpredictable, gritty individual Valid, if it's Actual, Talent and it's Natural Game, rugged like the train, pump it in ya vein I and I ride or die under the name W-U, the primary, ya secondary Definitely not necessary, the legendary You printed the blueprints to do this shit Moving the youth in the bricks Spit poison tipped darts that rip hearts Through the chest, when I manifest my sick art [Method Man] Speaking my mind, fall in line when I spit mine Still in my prime, still'll shine til it quit time If this is a crime, find me guilty, I'm so sublime So rapid with rhymes, same slacking is assonine Revealing the truth, catching feelings, it's still the Wu Gorilla the booth, body armored, them killa proof In living proof, I'm the Wittiest Unpredictable Most Talented rap muthafucker you ever listened to [Cappadonna] I'm a hustler, I grind til my pack is done Give a seed, mad knowledge til they cracked and run Can't nobody fuck with me, I'm just too nice Smack niggas in they head everytime I write Yo, I'm straight from Park Hill where the guns is popping Where them little black kids do they grocery shopping Go to school fucked up, it's Africa Island We poor in the bricks but inside it's nothing but talent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Weak Spot Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] If only we can lay our hands on that vixen Yu Shin Hua Then all our problems will be over... Yu Shin Hua! 	You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed [RZA] The Quintessence, father of the hip hop renaissance My slang been around before baton and Benetton I've been on, fingerprint, two finger tips So when I squeeze the rubber grip, release the clip, then leave the clip C-Cypher Pigs can't identify it The true and living God, son, we exemplify it The most complicated 'formance of life, we simplify it Bzzz, don't knock it til you try it Flying dagger, make 'em stagger, then I take a swagger Ice cold Jgermeister, take a dragon hold Bo county crook, slide like the Nike swoosh Bruce Almighty got more problems than Spidey, look Old Brooklyn, Putnam Avenue crook, I've been tooken All around the world, rooked it then, drive back in Brooklyn Good looking, son, yo, son, bring the hook in You can never find Zig weak spot, stop looking [kung fu sample] You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed [Raekwon] From the continents to Croatia, I'll flame a lamester With the new slang, much more to show ya These rocks change, glock fully, hot pellets Have me running through the hall, it's on, like you being chased by the relic Can't nothing harm me, yo, I move through any project With logic, few semi's, hide in the cockpit Scream out, Shallah and I'mma tap in, harder than Tinactin Don't try to play the fella, I'll blacked in Moving all miraculous, the slap smiths of the rap game Say my name backwards, you'll get back changed Black man, black hooded, moving through the city Like you Batman, still you so pussy, like Catwoman Don't bother the Legion, more squeezing, more reason To light a new block up, cause me to cement shit Powerful block shoppers and all niggas getting that gwop Dare you to try to find my weak spot [kung fu sample] You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed [GZA] I stay on the 64 squares, while patrolling the center Trading space from material, the time zone, I enter It's calculated by movement, from pushed pieces Advancements and development, once the pawn reaches To 8th ranked, now heavily armed with a tank My opponent's base is threatend, soldiers cut with shanks Moved all my small pieces, MC's are driven back Unable to avoid capture from the attack Such movement, is naturally quite unsound Men is badly placed upon dangerous grounds Loosening their position, before they were strongly posted Before the double rooks had approached it They must of been quick to ignore the principles Rock a V and an effective God is invincible A strategic plan, just the way I envisioned it Many fallen soldiers in complete imprisonment [kung fu sample] You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I tell you, right, right, right, in ya muthafuckin' face Muthafucka, you know, well, you know muthafuckin' well When -- we don't play that shit, or, I don't play that shit That's just Wu-Tang, you know, I'm the nigga That -- that, give it to ya raw When I said "first thing first, man, you fucking with the worst I be sticking pins ya head, like a fucking nurse I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack Shame on you, when you step through to The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Life Changes Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Intro: Method Man] + (Raekwon) (Yeah, yeah) Aiyo, how much more for a fifth of Vodka? (Peace beloved) (Six bottles of Henny, six bottles of Henn) Word, word, let me get that Herb, yeah, yeah.. (bring that bucket here) Yeah (get some ice, man, two more bottles of Cru', man, word up) [Chorus 2X: Freda Payne sample] I've gone through life pretending That time will change the ending [Method Man] Peace to the God (peace God) pour out a little liquor Shame On A Nigga, I heard the reaper done came to get ya So I done copped a fifth of, Vodka, and in your honor I've grown this fetish for loose ladies and baby mommas Some say it's bad karma, what you do, man, it come back on ya Music got us up off them crack corners Now I'mma swallow this whole bottle for Ol' Dirty Damn, it's hurts me, I hate it when brother's go early [Chorus 2X] [Raekwon] Word to my son, he gon' remember you, rubbing on a statue In his lab, that resemble you, and what it meant to Wu Us forming like a family, you just blew You was the chess piece on the board, that made us look true Watching your pen swish, you love frying kingfish You the pearl in the ocean, I'm up on the land, pissed Now you moving more prestigious, me, hitting this reefer I know it's real, guess I slept with the Black Jesus [Chorus 2X] [GZA] I became weak when I heard, that his body expired It was hard for me to believe my brother retired Suddenly the clock stopped and the room started spinning How can he walk off the field during the first inning? I cried like a baby on the way to his place of death Hate not being there, the minutes before he left Now I'm in the booth, ten feet from where he lay dead I think about him on this song and what he might've said [Chorus 2X] [Masta Killa] When I first heard the word, I needed air to clear my head I know you didn't say what I thought you said, my brother's dead You crazy, another Dirty prank to get the family cranked Ya'll niggas shouldn't play like that, I know how you feel Lord, but it's real, and I still can't believe And my heart still grieves the loss, there's no pretending Ason Unique, loved wine and fine women We singing on tour, "ooh baby, we like it raw" (we like it raw) [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: Inspectah Deck - over hook] Can't pretend... Some day it gotta come to an end But I'ma keep you right here dog, real close to my heart Yeah... [Inspectah Deck] I popped a bottle on your born day, God Tried hard not to cry, I still can't hide the scar And I still ask, why to God, analyzing your form As I stood there beside your mom And I share the blame, cuz you was calling for help, kid Should've, would've, could've, had the time, I was selfish I carry on your struggle, each day it really hurts me I really miss you Russell, hope you forgive me Dirty [Chorus 2X] [U-God] Yo, these walls I wanna crash, and put my fists through Shout out to Dirty, let the whole world miss you Reach out and kiss you in your coffin, my heart races I dropped tears and watch my nigga fall from greatness It's all wasted, flushed down the drain and Soon as the news hit me, I bust out with pain and Rivers I cried, my brother just died I'mma see you, my nigga, on the other side [Chorus 2X] [RZA] Ah, man, how do I say goodbye? It's always the good ones that have to die It's hard to live without you, God, I shouldn't have doubt you When you said that The Passion of Christ was all about you From the God Mobile, to Linden Plaza, to Brownsville Florida to Ohio, to Putnam, to Park Hill You interrupt the Grammy's said "Wu for the kids" Took four or five shots when they rushed in the crib Trey-five-seven cracked ya ribs, cops shot ya whip You've been chased by the pigs, sold the four year bid Crashed cars, still came out without a scar They tried to keep ya free spirit trapped in a jar So you'll keep ya mouth shut, and not tell the world Who's who and what's what, and probably go nuts How we treat them hoes? Dirt, how we treat them hoes? We fuck 'em in the butt, Dirt [Freda Payne sample] But those mistakes behind me Cast shadows to remind me *gong bangs* *man speaking Mandarin* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna, George Clinton, Streetlife Album: 8 Diagrams Song: Tar Pit Typed by: Tha Masta [Hook: Method Man] + (George Clinton) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4) [U-God] Blood money mercenaries, think you can muscle Wu? It's a foot race, who can out-hustle who? Hip hop junkie flunky, monkey see, monkey do Great minds connect like mobster rings Sit back, let me do my, Sinatra thing I'm in the Hip Hop Hall of Fame, on the wall is the plaques Old ball and chain, I named her Madam X She love big cannons, sex unprotected You better respect it, kid, we 'bout to set trip You get ya neck ripped, eyeballs are scoping I don't sell crack, I sell dopium Catch him at the podium, nah, he moving too fast Professor X, behind the bulletproof glass You need a Wu pass, a bag of that high Easy with the flicks, baby, I'm camera shy [Hook: Method Man] + (George Clinton) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4) [Cappadonna] We might have to 8 Diagram one of y'all MC's We grind everyday and we hustle for cheese Got our face on the front of CD's, we off the hook W.T.C. y'all soft and shook Y'all not built like the Cuban Linx Clan that get CREAM And back heads down every time we sing Give us a hundred grand for a show, let us rock For more money, more chicks, more private stock [Streetlife] They call me Streetlife, slap the taste Out ya mug, know ya place, you ain't thug, fix ya face Throw a slug, catch a case Meanwhile, beat trial, back on that cash cow Getting CREAM, however, a street brother know how Point blank, I'm pulling rank, calling shot, I got bank Pass the rock, my hand's hot, hit 'em with the showshotter Peace to my ala mater, Wu-Tang block scholars Never settle for less, promoters pay us top dollar [Hook: Method Man] + (George Clinton) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside) Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4) [Outro: George Clinton] The Clan'll talk, Calabama niggaz all'll quit Talking that short dick shit, we was s'posed to be cool Only the clue's on the other end of the stick Somebody let the monkeys out the cage Over-crowded police blood bamboo bimbo Chickenhead skeezer crackrock hoodrat Somebody let the monkeys out the cage Barney here is down to a feeding dreadlock Armpit like two Buckwheat's in a headlock Macy Gray's hair between your leg lock Somebody let the monkeys out the cage Ya mother's so cross-eyed, when she cry tears roll down her back Somebody let the monkeys out the cage Somebody let the monkeys out the cage {*coughs*} This shit is strong, god damn, what you got in there? Over-crowded police blood bamboo bimbo Chickenhead skeezer crackhead hoodrat Somebody let the monkeys out the cage Ya mother's so cross-eyed, when she cry tears roll down her back Calabama niggaz all'll quit Talking that short dick shit Speak up, no loud speaker but I'm speaking loud Venacular ass kicking, truth got there in crowd Shit, they call me the lethal lip The linguistic, full metal jacket of venacular ballistic Shooting out at the mouth without Chap or Blistec Here's a mothafucka, I didn't flunk diaper rash I'm verbally toxic, metal-piercing, forked, hollow point tongue Dum dum, pow, shot from gattling gums Hooked on phonics, packing a vicious vocabulary Malicious, with malice and mayhem Fuck a dictionary, give me the mic and I'll slay Them and literally poetic symptoms Pissing me the fuck off, missing me with that shit I stick a venacular foot so far up in ya ass You won't be able to pass verbal gas So far in ya ass that one of my knees will rise so far above ya head And you drown of a poetic ass kicking Leaving lyrical lacerations on your lungs, from a verbal hangnail That hung on my big toe, as I flow upward Kicking yo on ya eardrum, you wanna hear some? Tap dance on ya tonsils, leaving kiwi shoe polish on ya breath Cavity in ya best rhyme, and I'm the access on the rest Call me the proverbial verbal menacing dentist With the drill, I got lyrical skills I could perform oral root canals It's unwise to fuck with me Kick ya wisdom teeth down ya throat Leaving you to choke On where it hurts, unspoken vocals Tying down ya vocal cord and windpipe tight With toe jamming and ya mothafucking hemmoroids Fuck the dumb shit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams Song: 16th Chamber (ODB Special) * Typed by: Tha Masta, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * international bonus track [Intro: Method Man] 16th Chamber, temple number five [Method Man] Somebody said it's on, if it is then I'll be set To blow a nigga up, with my Five Fingers of Death I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand If he frontin, on any man down with the Clan I be comin, for that headpiece you can't cope For my brother, I even kill a Pope, word to mother Serial, killa, style from the Isle of Stat My peoples are you with me where you at? Shit's gettin deep in here, I mean like thick Niggaz lookin all in my face like they want dick It's about to hit the fan, hit the flo' That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no mo' What is it? Niggaz think they bigga Because they got the finga on the trigga of a biscuit They don't know I'm wicked, when I start to kick it With the raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic Better yet a Snapple, nigga want the juice But he don't want the hassle Thought they trying to overthrow the castle Better yet the temple, I'm comin to your town Black down, the rental, car, the pistol YAH! If you don't want a burn from glock Then beware, I buck shots, meaning what, the buck stops Here, no more dough will be made Unless it's being made by who... the 1-6-Ooh [Interlude: Raekwon] + (Method Man) Chamber four (1-6-Ooh) Chamber four Temple number nine, temple number nine [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm the original G-O-D Making young ladies scream is my specialty when I go ooh-wah, ooh-wah, ooh-wah, girls wanna get hype From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped When I kill, that ol' mad rugged flow Not sayin Ason, is like a duck of disco Or a disco duck, I'm strictly hip hop Yo, Ason, what's up? I can't stop... Wu-Tanging, flipping the script and You could test my skills, but niggaz must be trippin Coked up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith You start to flip, now ya slip, cuz you're slippin While you sleep I be the God on point, like Scottie Pippen As I, jump on stage, cold flip a rip a show Strip or rip a hoe, ready like Bo Jackson while I'm still taxin, I'm maxin Relaxin, sittin backs and, laying tracks and Again and again when I rock this jam I wanna see 'em up in the air, throw up your hand Introducin, the one-man band A child that's wild, now with the style, couldn't stand Niggaz wanna jump, then stepped, to the center Of the rhyme inventor, MC tormentor You get jacked and slapped, across the MC map I laugh at ya ass, on a horse shack Come on through I black and blue your whole crew Then I get rudie with the Hong Kong Phooey The Ol' Dirty Bastard, MC killer Money maker, Brooklyn, Shaolin style That I lay down like tile Gotta hit you up, one blaow, so you better come down... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Chamber Music Song: Redemption Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for 15 seconds, then movie samples*} "I have taught you well, everything I know  You have even surpassed my skill  But why is it so important?!  Years ago, your father was a royal guard  The best that there was  He won many royal merits  But still, during a special contest  He was beaten by five {?} experts  He was disgraced, and so was our Clan..." "It was long ago, but he has never forgotten that day though  And you are his only hope, to redeem the Clan  and retrieve our honor..." {*music fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Inspectah Deck, U-God) f/ Masta Ace Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Kill Too Hard Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] They told me, what happened, alright You're still young, and things like that always happen When you'll learn, then you'll know not to make those mistakes [Inspectah Deck] Really? These dudes don't want it with Deck, no, my set glow Hate it or you love it, but you gonna respect though You ain't got to know my name, check the blood, sweat & tears For years, niggas know I bang I'm a made nigga, caking what you call a boss On my own two, never taking orders from ya'll What I spit, get the corners involved, it's wreck on the yard It's House Gang, son, it's more than hard The life that'll glamour and glitz, best believe On the flip side, nigga, it's them hammers and clips Wanna live in high fashion and rich, so we scramble the strip Camouflage, with they hand on the grip Ain't nothing gon' stop kid from getting his due No, your feets not big enough to fit in his shoe I don't rock what you rap, niggas, they be pole On 'the wire', just not HBO They under fire, edge around the way we know They know they time up, guess that's why they hate me so But yo, they will never take me though, I had to go like Montana, licking, sniffing crazy blow Still I be Hard to Kill like Seagal Warrior built, big shield and long sword One Six Ooh'ing it, doing it, king size Salutations, that's respecting the king eyes For those that follow my lead, attract to the light At the same time, marvel the speed I'm so dope, I can bottle it free The most influential, modern day murderous he [U-God] Yo, deep in the bungalo, chopping the motherload Carving my own path, taking another road I need a son to soul, he brought the troops with him It sounds presidential, I got the truth serum Don't want the booth near him, respect in the sabotage I'm on the patio, stretched in my camouflage And my grammar's hard, the Wolverine skeleton I be the yellow man, snatching on the other brand But on the other hand, light up the darkness I'm stir fried, nigga, yeah, I'm heartless My apartment is a hole in the wall, nigga Pass me the rock, stop holding the ball I told you before, under worser conditions Chessboxing, nigga, mic's a dead body position [Masta Ace] Aiyo, it's time to make cash dinero I'm going to the Summer Jam concert to bash your hero Lie up in your bedroom, smash your bureu We looking for the money, man, pass the Euro Apartment to pesos, pass the yen And, we don't want to have to ask again Cuz we ain't gon' be laughing then These three men, take on your whole staff and win Look, labels stay messing with a cat's future And that weighs on me heavy like Rasputia But I still keep spitting like a shortshop I'mma be sitting at the table when the cork pop You gon' be sitting at the table with a porkchop Lacking on the beat like a short cop It's your boy Ace, BK's own All you ringtone rap dudes, please stay home, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Chamber Music Song: The Abbot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] The ol' abbot 'n shit, y'knahmean? You gotta sit still, after a while, knahmsayin? But as long as he keep the fire burnin any spark, he can he can touch another fire He can spark another person, another person That's why you see in the kung-fu flicks You see the abbot, you know that he don't come back to fight the villain He get a student, he train a student for that job The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck) f/ AZ Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Harbor Masters Typed by: Cno Evil [Ghostface Killah] Yo, hold on, this is the way that I'm cut, right? Or why I sing, how I dipped under red lights Martini's is Ghost Deini's, stretched out On stage with the gauge, flash the tech like Clint East' Polo drawers, valour headband, Genova convertible couch In the back, with the two nightstands I'm the man, nigga, when I come through, dressing rooms Had the goose ready, renting cream and a bag of shrooms And a nice suite, room service every five minutes, I need a foot massage Tell the massause, she can't do it for me, do it for God I got the mix CD on pause with all DeBarge Oil me up, please, my nuts, read me a story Tuck me in, something like the seeds'll say Pass me the cold fresh squeezed OJ, I got five hundred Under my pillow, after I'm done, do my DJ [Chorus 2X: Ghostface Killah] Cause of that, I'mma rock the show tonight The Twat Team, gon' get those hoes tonight That's Theodore shit, if you in your whip Two step, you slipped, get your whole crew wet [AZ] Stand like the Eiffel, move spiteful Sport the Nike shoe, nice with the mic since high school Fuck who like who, fend to not, niggas, trifeful Plot cycles, to get dough, it's so delightful Criminal IQ's, spiral convo's with the sky view This is what I do, pioneer, my peeps Power Rule Fuck Yacub, I'm factual, true and living Polo polobos with the true religion, no superstition This beat is sorta proof to listen, and hear the real So you New Jack niggas kneel, sit it still Lick a fifth, get your piff and chill, fix your grill It's ill, seen the game vanish in air From DeLores to the glamourest gear, show and prove How I move, you know hammers is near, never fool Appear rude, though my manners is there, get it straight Say my grace, before stuffing my face [Chorus 2X: AZ] Cause of that, I'mma rock this show tonight Hustle hard, I'mma get that dough tonight Crime Money, all we do is just two step Slip up, and get your whole fucking crew wet [Inspectah Deck] Fuck the radio, the corners respect, Soldier I I'mma about to get fly, like I'm boarding a jet Watch your mouth, little homey, I demolish your rep I'm like Mohamed Atta, when I'm bombing the set Bottom line, you got a problem with Deck, I'm like the police gun, son A nigga name pop in the 'jects Hate in your blood, green eyes, watching my step I'm all money like the Pres, no stopping the rest This is Stones and grown man poking his chest Play hero watch the K blow a hole in your vest Why I flow like I know I'm the best, cuz I'm spitting the piff Half of ya'll dudes rollin' with stress Come and see me, son, you know the address 10304 block work, first homey, show me the checks Hood crooks living over the edge, Ghost saying nah That's a good look, focus, respect, yup [Chorus 2X: Inspectah Deck] Cause of that, I'mma rock this tonight Light your weed, pop ya ects', let's go tonight House Gang on the dance floor, two step You out of line, get your lame ass crew wet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Sheep State Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] If the 85 are in the sheep state of mind, right? They still B-rain in the sheep state of mind It's just, which way are you leadin the sheep? Off the cliff? Or to some grazin grass so it can grow and have a full productive life? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Raekwon) f/ Cormega, Sean Price Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Radiant Jewels Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Chef... let's do it... [Raekwon] Criminal kingpins, gangstas and cheap friends Actors, vixens, niggas put your kicks in Blood money when we hawking, ackward gun that go around curves Bullets braze niggas with coffin, yo Watch how to rhyme with hammers, I got two mens That don't speak English, shooting game's bananas Down in Spain, my bangles, clusty, checking my swings Trillians on, yo, cuffing my jeans Broad day, yo, body another, my microphone is like Blow 'caine, one, pull the trees, you love us, yo So killers be cool, pimps, read rules When a grown man is rapping, it's Ill Street Blues Striving, nigga, with one side Don't go against totally rent shit, nigga, baby gonna die Yeah, bank robbers armored up, gear like the boys in Heat DeNiro told one soul to keep quiet [Interlude: Cormega] Aiyo, word to mother Ya'll niggas better bring ya selfs son, word [Cormega] When Pun was packing a mack in back of the Acura I was dealing in them buildings, it wasn't no cameras The witness savages, snitching was hazardous, now it isin't Shit is embarrasing, fuck a flow, this is a lyrical aquaduct Sink or swim for what I'm hearing you bagging up Lyte like the MC, I'm 'paper thin', you tripping I'm taking trips, your eyes don't lie, take a glimpse Into my life, you see me blazing clips, with the green to make it rich With a team that'll scrape the Knicks, and a v that's crazy quick I came to wear my Yankee fitted, represent for greatness It's lyrical elevation, causing mental stimulation If I'm getting too deep, I give you a minute to take in My jewels radiant, like a view of the Caymans And thinking you seeing me, who you playing with? Cor, Mega, raw forever Fell back, pause, fell off? Never [Interlude: Sean Price] P! Shaolin, what up? [Sean Price] Aiyo, listen giraffe neck niggas, I blast techs Alejandro, came through with the Mexican Aztecs Rap smack niggas on a whole different aspect Homey, owe me dough, that's how we fucked up his last check Three train Saratoga, train stop, nigga been Metro part with the plan, make major figures Foul flagrant, two shots, give me the ball back You got shot, get off my ball sack You not hot, give me a call back, niggas is all wack Super doopa stupid, get drugs and I fall back P, ain't a problem that the God can't handle I set it off First Blood, Sean John Rambo Whoooo, as you can see, I'm focused Boot Camp for life, fuck the G.I. Joe shit Boot Camp is an Army, better yet a Navy Marine Air Force Ones, nigga, the shit's crazy, don't play me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Chamber Music Song: Supreme Architecture Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for the first 11 seconds*} [RZA] For the supreme architecture That's the one who come with the most illest ideas The one who come with the illest creation A supreme architecture is actually someone who build the universe If I personally say I'm the supreme architecture I'm I'm lettin Allah speak right, right there knahmsayin? I'm speakin right through that, I'm I'm becomin a vehicle {*15 seconds of instrumental*} [RZA] Word it's like the truth They say the truth shall set you free You hear the truth, it sets you free So, mathematics is truth When it adds up, there's no error The only time there's an error when man miscalculate his own... problem knahmean his own equations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface Killah, RZA) f/ Havoc Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Evil Deeds Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] People have told me You have ways of killing without dealing a mob Well so have I [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, come on, what's the deal? [Ghostface Killah] Yo, pockets is fat like the Good Year blimp Hollow heads is sterilized in paroxide, waiting for you Faggot niggas to jump off, your bullshit throne So I can offer you a tummy tuck See your stomach is stapled, it's on It's dangerous down my alley, dog It's like the halls and I'm outy, dog Hear the shanks scratching the gate? See the god Tone standing here for dolo, give you an '89 whooping Leave your body looking like you was raped And don't ever come at me sideways, hands in your pocket Cuz I will turn to Steven Segal, rip your arm out your socket Ya'll little niggas watch it, I do this for free Knocking rappers out, trust me, over a clown, I'm not here to make a profit Nigga, if this was the arts, it be the best kung fu And I'm Tone Yao Chin, serving ya'll wonton soup I do shit like disarm a group, drink a 40 with him And tell ya'll niggas stay the fuck out my loot [Chorus: RZA] My nina, my nine-ah, Medina, marauder Sabrina, discard her, redeem her, for Allah Supreme architecture, the beat spark connector Inject in my serum, infiltrate in your sector [RZA] Bobby Steels keep steels concealed, be still Leave you fifty shot banana clips with free refils Guns bursting, one person is curtains for certain Most often fill coffins, no nursing or surgeons Is needed, bloods depleated, your body deleted Like unsaved wav files, no way to retrive it Best believe it, frosting the cat I remember that, my moms put gunpowder inside my Similac My brain is untamed, some claim, that's stunning strangers Cuz of my basement, I keep studios in gun ranges Plus, I got more G's than Sicily Pizzeria rotisserie, burn MC's out they misery [Havoc] Aiyo, Ghost, these niggas pussy, mind that take mine I feel you, form on 'em, yeah, I ain't sharping nothing I put it in they mouth, I have a nigga kiss the nine I be mellow, next minute flip, like I just sniffed a line Ya'll never commited crimes, your rap line forgery Niggas want war, I invite all cordialy They assed out morally, how they in skinny jeans And never fix they mouth to even fucking go to war with me Oh, that's how you feel, then handle that accordingly Lay 'em out, bounce before the jake is even on to me Lay back in the crib, your bitch give me orally I don't want beef, I'm like Pookie, this is caling me I ain't with that Twitter shit, nigga try to follow me Watch you get hit like the Mega Million lottery I don't got time to be, playing with you faggots I'mma show you muthafuckas why the call me Havoc, H [kung fu sample] So, these killings When are they gonna come to an end? Will he ever finish? Probably the next to see, he must find the Lizard [kung fu sample] You just asked me, when will it end? Hahahahaha, well let me tell you Once an evil deed is done, then it never ends It goes on, and it will go on forever... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Wise Men Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] Christians say that you can study all day pray all day, and chant all day But you get to heaven faster if you hang with the wise men Yeah I would say once you got inspired spark Y'know, you strive, to, y'know You gotta put, y'know you gotta keep puttin wood on it as they say Right? Keep it burnin or whatever You gotta find a way to keep it burnin But then there's the optimum side of it That's the burnin fire that's burnin but it don't burn Knahmean? Just in life, like the sun You know the sun is seen, like that But it's like a eternal sun that that it is on regardless, you just on You just free from, y'know Shit don't work on you no more The story of the villain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface Killah) f/ Tre Williams Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: I Wish You Were Here Typed by: Cno Evil [Ghostface Killah] This was my favorite girl for years, she knows the way I perform Sometimes I pull my boxers down, ya'll, with one Timb on It be times, you know I stay away when her friends on For some reason, she be really hot, when her friends gone That's when I slide on over with a Guinness on the stouffer To talk a little shit, then get a little closer Like, what up boo, you know that Ghost loves you I get butterflies when we hug and kiss, do you? Huh? Answer me, let me if it's the truth now That pretty mole above your lips looking cute now Ooh child, I'm patient, my mind's telling me To stay calm, I wanna get it off like a G bomb On top of your skin, I'm sliding it in When I'm done, you can wake it up and ride it again Then we can hold on through the night, fan on and covers on It's bright from the TV light, peace, good night [Tre Williams] Looking out my window, sun shining bright Birds are singing, trying to make things right Now I got music, oh, on my radio And I can hear love songs playing, behind closed doors Now I don't want no one, on the catch me side But ever since you left, said goodbye [Chorus: Tre Williams] I wish you were here with me I said I wish you were here with me I wish you were here, with me [Tre Williams] And thinking bout your kiss, gloom all around me Seen our love, is never gonna find me And I keep looking, oh, for that brighter day When all I see is, time slipping away Oh and I got to talk, to keep myself together But all I see is stormy weather [Tre Williams] Now I got to get, get myself together Cuz I can't take no more, of this stormy weather Now I wish you were here with me I wish you were right here I wish you were here with me, ooh [Tre Williams] Night falls and I call for you, love But there's no one here to answer No, no, no, oh The wind blows and I turn to catch ya But there's no one there but my reflection No, oh I said I wish you was here with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Chamber Music Song: Fatal Hesitation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Don't pursue him.  It would be dangerous.  Because that might force him to kill you.  And he would not hesitate to do that." "May I know your name?" "You two men, I assume are new pupils of the temple." "Yes!" "Hmm, I am Hee Mai." "Pejah." "I was ordered by your reputed abbot  to enter into retreat here.  It seems destiny has so arranged things  that we meet here.  Now tell me what particular styles  of kung-fu you are learning here." "I am learning boxing." "Hmm. Well I'll teach you boxing.  And also how to use the whip.  However, in return for this though  you must do something for me." "Could you tell us what you'd like us to do?" "I have two serious female disciples.  One is Mau Tru Wah, and the other is Win Len Jong.  My husband died. He was killed some time ago  in a battle with the Wu-Tang." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Raekwon) f/ Kool G. Rap, M.O.P. Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Ill Figures Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] When I write my lyrics, it's like, it's like I want my shit to be phat, I want people to be able to understand Yo, Anybody can rhyme, youknowhatimsaying But it's what you saying that makes a person know about you Knowhatimsaying, you know the type of person you is So it's like really, I'm just more of just Being a street narrator (aiyo, what up, famo?) [Raekwon] Reefer lit, love hip hop, the gangstas got me like the broccoli Brooklyn baby cooling at a swat meet Real niggas wanna meet me, ladies wanna eat me Money clean Mercedes claim, baby, beat me Love getting dressed up, sweats and techs Ride around the hood, good, getting Gotti respect Hand is golden, an OG rolling and holding, yo Fresh kicks, soft leather, pockets is swollen Let my jam hit your tape deck, it's straight up, and made up For every real nigga with his gun on him, hate up Flying through the city nights, new flights Blue ice, hundred thousand in a Nike bag, license Drug shop, I'm sorry, Atari in the Ferrari Next see the Lex A Shallah, La Tam'pa Eating yo, all of us, scamma gangstas You know we honor, tip the kangol, cooling in the brown vengos [kung fu sample] I have never, giving up on a mission That's against my honor [Lil' Fame] Duke let me warn you, my niggas crip up Them young boys'll run up on you, shoot your whip up Brooklyn, nigga, beg for you life And my Staten Island homeys lay your ass down on Glaciers of Ice Sidewalk executives, live the street life consecutive We built for this, go for your gun My prospective is, another day in the life, of money and drugs Big hammers and slugs, can get ugly as fuck [Billy Danze] From the chest to your man Danze, ey Staten Island, said what up, yo, ey The homey ODB said what up, though, ey We got the Chef on deck as if you didn't know It's sharp as fuck, Wu, that's what up Pack it up, wanna rap, wanna rock, what up? Wanna pop, get up, fuck around and get your block hit up Bring your team and we'll box 'em up Think M.O.P. is not what up [kung fu sample] It seems I'm a bit late here Don't worry, these men are all gonna die [Kool G. Rap] See from the side where it slum at, dum at, rum at Cognac, combat, contact, contrast Crom's packing out like Beyonce back She bang out a song like the Fonz back Bigger things, bring the slangs, slicker than the sharpest pen Nigga here, combat, sweet dick Willie T, Rudy Ray Moore game Woodgrain all in the board reigns, before rain flooded Like storm drains, boss man, bundling raw 'caine Fours bang, neighborhood war games Get your weight up, you looking anarexic Posted on the block proper with the hammer vested Bitch came with empty hands, that's the hand she left with Thirsty ass with the water and it sounded desperate Break a white an hour, based it forty grand invested Live within the third rail, you know the man electric Shit was like the third world, until I handle metrics, that next shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Free Like ODB Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [RZA] The body is a vehicle for the mind You realize that your body, is basically vacumnin that space into somethin from within this body This is why the air must come in, every breath Look at - I say look at ODB, okay A free man for real, knahmsayin? His his expression of freedom, his what he wanted to do It was VERY free, one out of a million people could deter him, from an idea, y'knahmean? Cause he was free to express like that, y'knahmean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Inspectah Deck, U-God) f/ Sadat X Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: Sound the Horns Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Inspectah Deck] Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... Let's go... Yeah, listen... [Inspectah Deck] The sound of the horns says it's on We storm through like C. Thomas, Red Dawn Step like a don through the city, Deck bonds I get my hands dirty, Nikes scuffed, sweat pouring Still I stay fresh with the fly white linen Duece times 5, that's my type women Sonny, I live it, O-10, S5 tinted Brother Deck, what I rep, S.I., dig it? Fifty cal' flow, get low Intro to outro, bout it tho, whoa Steady, heavy like the 5-2 Chevy Niggas ain't ready, I turn out your lights like Teddy Roll like dice in the casino Known to spit lava, Heat like DeNiro and Pacino Manny Festo, Wu-Tang Gambino Lay it down, then I fly off like the hero "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" [Sadat X] The Wild Cowboy number one G-O-D, how you gonna block out the son? Read my jacket, my achievements stretch like a warning track catch The in-crazable voice box, I throw you boys rocks Diamonds and jewels, a holiday, pros that fuck in schools I'm a tank, I stop panthers, take down stanzas Sixteen bars, keep the car running Broads stunting, feed ya self, kill ya self, take the pill Punks jump up to get beat down New York the sweet town I sorta, who's on tour? Who the vile, truth can say, you ain't a slouch Now Rule local, now I'm B.K. vocal Right out the X, you can work out your pecs and your back Can beat the death with bats, need to tune up, NJ'll turn the tune up I'mma tell you who's soon enough to got And I ain't down with getting crossed, and I never been the boss "Wu-Tang!" [U-God] Yo, you're hog-tied, I'm roping them, bitches, I'm gropping them Open up your veins, cop three bags of Dopium Super soak these niggas, stroke with the magnum force Leak it in the streets quick, peep my secret sauce I keep it gloss, I'm suited up for my franchise Your coins is tossed, man-handle bad guys Scramble for my damn prize, crack cans of cold Guinness I'm like Seabiscuit, I'mma win by a photo finish Nigga, this ain't tennis, yeah, I ain't bluffing shit I be the street menace on my David Ruffin shit Police ain't cuffing shit, claiming I'm a crook Throw up my middle finger, I'm a hall of famer in my book Right hook, death jooks, great with my footwork Bubble through, got the W on my hood shirt Sneak through the wood works like poisonous high fumes I'm that superhero with the brand new costume "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" "Wu-Tang!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Chamber Music Song: Enlightened Statues Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for 40 seconds*} [RZA] Let's say you say look at someone old like statues See Buddha, you see laughing Buddha, you see the crying Buddha You see a sleeping Buddha, you see the tall Buddha You see the Buddha... you see the female Buddha You see all these different, variations These are all different kind of personalities or different kind of ways that they have reached the light You can laugh yourself into the light You got the drunken Buddha, I mean the drunk monk Y'knahmean? That's why you can drink yourself into enlightenment But the side effects of whatever you doin, y'knahmean? Is gonna determine how long you're gonna enjoy your enlightenment The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) f/ Thea Van Seijen Album: Wu-Tang Chamber Music Song: NYC Crack Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] Now, it's the master's turn though I'm betting in, well there's a show here [Intro: RZA] Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid Watch your step, kid, watch your step Watch your step, kid, watch your step.. Yo, yo, yo [RZA] We take your wizzes away, like we be called on Deep in space like the Millennium Falcon Ya'll be fools, scored like ancient Babylon Rabbits and turtles, all run the marathon Yup, ya'll paper chasing, ya'll human racing Who got the best basement? You got a 6SL, I got a SSL I score movies, make Supreme Clientele [Chorus: Thea Van Seijen (RZA)] Oh, here I am (my Wu-Tang slang is that New York City crack) No, can't get it near, I quit (my Wu-Tang slang is that New York City crack) All day, all night, what brings to you life For you in the world (my Wu-Tang slang is that New York City Crack) [RZA] Silly rabbits, trynna disrespect The Abbott Don't you know that we'll turn your cold body to maggots I got forty million records sold, some platinum, some gold Some we just put out to meet the tax code Your career will be shorter than the 21st of December Be one of those thousand rappers no one remembers While my name is carved on trophies, colleges recite my bars You can look up, and see my name up on the stars And when it comes down to that basic talent I got 20 little cousins that can meet your challenge Yo, stop and listen, and check this proposition Son, got lots of vision, plus lots of wisdom Hindsight, foresight, insight, out of sight Some try to imitate, but they are not alike They only piggy back, have a Digi Snack That Wu-Tang slang is that New York City crack [kung fu sample] We're just dealing, of a man Tough take before you A cryptic to your power The reason why we slept and spared your son's life Was to give you faith Thank you, man, thank you You fight well, the hand must reach to the sky Save the best for me, and have perfect breathing Good breath control, you know of these The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Raekwon the Chef, RZA) Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Start the Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: kung-fu movie samples] For money, I assassinate Today, I have an opponent that's worthy Now killing me You won't find that so easy Clap your hands Let's start the show, c'mon! Let's go One, two, three, four Said o!h! Clap your hands Uhh, let's start the show C'mon, c'mon I said one, two, three, four [Verse One: Raekwon the Chef] Revolutionary gangster, the will to kill Everything up, my roots is steel Do it big time, march through the desert and shine Let the C's live free while we open the minds of every black man, white man, no color, my writing hand is like dynamite, I fight for land Blood stains yo, gettin money affect the plan We travel to Beijing and end up in Japan Hoods everywhere, bring the goods and gear And teach them how to hold mics and grow them beards Then stop, check my brothers and my sisters in Africa We know that's theirs, yes, we been actin up Bush fucked the world up, and left our soldiers out in Iraq, bless them with roses Foes try to approach, we roast them goats We terrorize the city while forgettin the quotes [Verse Two: RZA] They tryin to take us back to Reaganomics with atomic bombs on Islamic countries to stop them from being Islamic But Islam is a way of life, Islam is the way of Christ Islam means peace, the beast must pay a price for his wickedness, politics is the trickiest business on this planet, the bandits are the slipperiest snakes who ever slithered, you ever stop to consider who's pulling these strings, from Napoleon to Hitler? Is there an unseen hand with the unseen plan? The unclean man from the unclean land Desire to kill the righteous dumbs down the brightest Give his life in this world that seem so lifeless Put a price on things, that are priceless Convince us that meanness is stronger than the niceness Who really has the power - is is theirs, is it ours? Is it a democracy, or the morning prowlers? Do we have a press or President? Is it a test or a testament? Pest or pestilence? Who got the evidence? Who got the common sense? Stop all the negligence [Raekwon the Chef] I oversee the world You taught me that, basically I'm moldin rap to be more than I can see Chef, Senator of Thoughts Democratic cats Saved by the judge The flavor, that was brought about that day Steaks come out, raw [Outro] "WU, TANG!" {*16X to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface Killah) f/ Sean Price, Trife Diesel Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Laced Cheeba Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] Your kung fu is good, your magic is good 	That is why he waited, so my power would dwindle 	My power has dimished, then he come to kill me Yes, but, I know your kung fu is still very good If you practice again, no one could possibly be your match 	Oh, the ancient weapon [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, fierce, I travel across seas on glaciers Four shoguns that got fucked by geishas Still gracious, still able to twist out darts Just grew tougher skin from swimming with them sharks Broken ankle, fucking with them wallabee clarks Got them bitches still screaming my name ("What up Starks?") I'm a bone crusher, ox'll split your face like a dutch master No more minks, it's polar bears from Alaska with shark skin Air Maxes and igloos of ice Rocks clumped up, like overcooked rice I'm nice, you're the reason why the game went soft Bland niggas, I come through and season your broth Like Mr. Dash, I blast, I'm a menace like Dennis Young Coles, and I'm back from a six month sentence Rehabilitated, back in the yard, flying heads with barbwires Stay tying niggas to beds [kung fu sample] Can you kill me? 	If I didn't think so, I would not be here waiting for you now Right, let me see what you got Forget the tricks, let's see your kung fu [Sean Price] Yo, everybody get paid, everybody get laid All these bitches dirty, everybody got AIDS Everybody get played, everybody get sprayed Everybody do what I say, everybody my maid P, crack selling, black felon Gat clap, rat-a-tat-tat, tap melons Son thugs, one gun, one slug Shot caller, like, yo, let me speak to Young Muggs Listen, it's Mandela, pa I grab wack MC's, I smack 'em hella hard I kill niggas with the birdy big banger My Wu-Tang niggas call me the 36th Chamber Lyrical miracle, spit with you rap dudes Get smacked off the skateboard for not paying rap dues P, call me the gate keeper Break haters off your face smoking laced cheeba [kung fu sample] Hahahaha, he's mad, listen to me You've lost your concentration, your magic is gone That's why it doesn't work, you better use your real kung fu [Trife Diesel] Yeah, aiyo, she want a thug, not the loyal type A golden boy to promote it right, sorta like a ill De La Hoya fight I'm eating good, enjoying life, flawless ice, quick to bag a baller's wife With no strings attached, cordless mics Toilet white S5 fifty with the wrong pipes Peeling off like snake skin, watch the cobra bite Over night success story, go and check for me You rap poorly, that's why your cassette's corny Your money too short for long convo You in the game hurting, trying to play Rajon Rondo Millionaire swag, peep your boys ensemble Jewels heavy, Prince Akeem, Coming to America Etcetera, whoever sent the kite, kill the messenger Because I think like the man behind the register Quick to pull a toaster out, Starks choke 'em out We over here, counting bread, what ya'll loaf about? [kung fu sample] You finished already? Get up and fight 	Hey, let's get some strength 	Let him go til he outlive me 	Let's say he killed my cult, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Method Man) f/ Cappadonna, Trife Diesel Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Diesel Fluid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] Meth on deck man, on DECK! For e'rything routine right here Routine, Gambino, that's that shit The party is over, yeah, yo I'm in the weed spot, pounds of purp, bowl of cereal Cartoons is on, my favorite shit is The Smurfs Now I don't slip when I'm down in the dirt; cause by this time I done seen life, and figured the amount that it's worth It's the first, cops is lookin for work Got my niggaz all cuffed up, sweatin like a hooker in church This old woman on her way to the church - she said the neighborhood's fucked up, and we the ones that's makin it worse Now that's fucked up! I hit the block hard, Timberlands is scuffed up No justice in the system, look around, it's just us They tell me only God can judge us But they ain't ever met Judge Kufner I'm looking at this cracker on the bench Don't understand, I only sold crack to pay the rent But that's possession with intent Player, I ain't stressin, I'm a pimp My bitches love the cocktail dressin with the shrimp [Chorus: Trife Diesel] (Killa Hill!) Cause we do it like how we do it This is big truck style shit, diesel fluid Slay bitches with the Shaolin slang Staple-TOWN, Park Hill, we just doing our thang [Trife Diesel] C'mon, yeah~! You fools don't have a clue, do you? Moving them ki's crucial, troopin like Isuzu Nigga your weed doo doo, we burn that Cali kush My flow be on steroids, that shit that Barry took Hurtin the game like the corns that's on your daddy's foot My niggaz carry big guns, y'all niggaz carry books You shook niggaz get stripped, beated and wiped out ConEd status like Fab nigga, it's "Lights Out" What your life 'bout? Nigga my life plush I lost both of my parents, my nigga life sucks Us Billy Boys hold toys cause they don't like us Raw like the nose on a fiend sniffin that white stuff Moving with the semi, eggplant pennies Hoppin out the Bentley lookin like I just won an Emmy Never been a sloucher dog, cause I'm an alpha- -male got that product on sale redeem your voucher Leader of the gang, I'm Spanky, you Alfalfa Little Rascals, with no hassle, I will out ya Sincerely doubt ya, and I will house ya Posted out in front of your crib just like a scalper [Cappadonna] Every time pick up the mic, I put work down Cops don't like me cause I live in the murder town My high school homies sold crack, through songs You can't get right through the team like two wrongs Mad criminal minded cream motherfuckers Type of subliminal rhymes scheme muthafuckers Can't shake the monkey, life is a bitch Jake tried to jump me, wifey a snitch Killa Bees wild like C-74 New York bitch, adolescents at war Fuck the government, yo they made us this way You a faggot - listenin to what that chick say Escape route, gotta be free like furlough Fuck hoes, nigga I don't care if the world know Hardcore, move with or without Clan Diss me in the cab and they murked your man I'm a general, don with the crazy hype game You don't like me, wanna feel my knife game Killa Hill son, they don't like where I live at Came from Hollywood so I fight to give back Real talk, hard jeans and hard dick Move in and out of state like drugs and garbage Nigga feel me, or nigga feel that blast ATF bitch, just guns and cash [Trife Diesel] (Killa Hill!) Cause we do it like how we do it Trife, Meth and Cap yo, nuttin to it Slay bitches with the Shaolin slang Staple-TOWN, Park Hill, we just doing our thang [Outro: Trife Diesel] + (Cappadonna) (Straight up... Wu-Tang Killa Bees) The best that ever do it One-oh-three-oh-four, you know how we do Legendary Weapons Come in our section, get a blessing Cause we don't play The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface) f/ Killa Sin, Roc Marciano Album: Legendary Weapons Song: The Black Diamonds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: kung-fu movie samples] I warn you shitface! I pick who I'm gonna bury next Say your prayers fast, cause you're about to feel my arm in [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] Freedom of speech; watch how I reach my potential I stay on the hunt for dope tracks and instrumentals Travel the world, found black diamonds in the Everglades Fought temptations, slapboxed in the devil's cage The globetrotter, spot rusher I bust in your mouth like a gusher, it's Wu-Tang motherfucker~! "Iron Man," I cock my music in the chamber I'm God's gift; heard I was born in a manger Danger! Cosmetic face rearrange you Leave you slumped on the chessboard, found by a park ranger Burst of adrenaline, bungee jumped off the Verrazano I sky dive in some sky blue Ferragamo's Ran the streets heavy, kept my charms chunky You damn right I fuck fans and I keep the munchies [more kung-fu samples] Guess you must be, the four dog fist champion (I've heard of this devil's kick, of course yeah) (Everyone knows in the kung-fu world) (It's a method that's never been defeated yet) Hahaha, and won't be I suppose I should warn you I've been given good money, to kill you [Verse Two: Roc Marciano] Yo, loose cannon, forty-deuce flicks, two parrots Lay back at The Palace like Mike Harris Callous, fly nicest, metallic bang mallets Fly your whole carriage to Paris The black Pat Garrett, karats on Donna Karans Guys die tryin to drive the McLaren Islamic, burn chronic out on the terrace Angelic, your body lie cold without spirit My finest hour, you're sacrificed to a higher power Fly from the tower, I fry sour And buy powder, 40 Cal give your pal a shower You shit in your Calvin Klein trousers The night prowler, your life is ours Knife your Eddie Bauer, leave you pushin up flowers You ain't counter chip counters Them niggaz is pimps, your bitch shouted The 650 get clouded [even more kung-fu samples] You'll see~! I'm a master now And whoever insulted you, pays with his life for this That I swear! I'll fight now {*sounds of combat*} (Okay, not bad) (Patience, you've not seen it all yet) [Verse Three: Killa Sin] Yo, gun or beef, I don't discriminate, beat dudes black and blue Snack on crews like they food, takin space up on my dinner plate Dependin on my mental state, the mood that I'm in'll make me charge like a bull, pull the tool out and ventilate you Sin-ner takes you down, lace your crown, face get found full of rounds from the pound, that detonate when they penetrate Can tell you always been a snake, you don't move like I do Imitators hate the fact that they can't do what I do I'm mindful of my rivals, I can smell 'em when they slide through Provide you my arrival, still won't even get a side view Won't know that life is over, 'til I'm standin right beside you It's not that I don't like you motherfuckers, I despise you The other different pedigree, not cut from the same cloth Stay G'd up from the feet up, while your heart pump duck sauce I love it when they tough talk, my guns lust to bust off But every time I squeeze they call police to bus me up North Sin-ister the Finisher, they label me a menace and got mad when I laughed at the judge durin sentencing Not, glorifyin prison but I'm built tough for biddin See survival of the fittest shit I live it e'ry minute Every hour to the second, I'm granted my respect Never catch the God in the yard, sharpenin the weapons Got, shooters on demand, new recruits to the Clan Sticking everything movin, more loot for the fam Ain't a damn thing changed, just say the name bitch Wu-Tang~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Played By the Game (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: movie samples] Man you know there used to be rules to this shit Nowadays people do whatever the FUCK they want and worry about that shit later That's the general mentality out here Kurt You ain't hearin me You wanna play this game you can't cry when the game play you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface) f/ AZ, M.O.P. Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Legendary Weapons Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] I flip guns like a stock trader (get money!!) Theodore rush the floor, we attack like Al'Qaeda Suicide missionary, black activist Nice with the tongue, I'm a verbal type masochist Tall body, my skin got Teflon fibers Dodge bullets, rock chains the size of barbed wire Roll big blunts, a whole ounce of reefer Rocked that "Black and Yellow" before Wiz Khalifa It's a killer bee color scheme, I blow mega cream Bingos face before I scream, know what I mean? Like Billie Jean, lightin up the floor when I walk This is Staten Island, New York, eighty-seven cheeba hawk No pork, no swine on the rider If your chick loose or tighter, I'ma still get inside her Rebel porn star, thick like Dick Swellington Beat the pussy up, leave it soft like gelatin [Chorus: various movie and rap samples] ("What the hell is going on here?") ("Man m-man m-man man I'm not playin, I kick the rough shit") ("Say what?") ("I'm not I'm not I'm not playin") ("Direct from the Shaolin slum, here I come" - Method Man) ("Right now, I'm teaching school") ("There it is, you're fuckin with pros and there it goes" - Ghost) ("Yo...") ("You don't wanna get too close to that man's razor") ("You about to get cut up") [Verse Two: AZ] You know the M.O., could never be in limbo No live have I die 'fore I cough up info Boss shit intro, horse dick nympho Smooth on the chicks like a ride on dick tempo Imprint flow make your bottom bitch unrobe Soft pushin in-sole, stroll on tracks In the back of the bar when they told on black Plaques on plaques, got racks on racks So no need to ask why he act all that King Cognac, got a thing for them gats I'm Hades offspring, I'm a fiend for the facts Swing on the map, overseas with the G's In South Cackalak tryin to squeeze me some cheese Breezed on the D's when they tailed on the pipe About the same time I exhaled on the mic The name AZ rings bells on site [Chorus] * w/ one minor sample difference * line three: ("I offer you, REALITY!") [Verse Three: Lil' Fame] I take money like a pool shark, put the eighth in my right pocket Hella cool dude and I won't hesitate to pop it Still a rude dude, try to replicate my doctrine Roll with mad killers, my niggaz regulate the projects I'm hard body, I keep a young hottie You keep it Bon Jovi, you wear a thong probably Blaow~! Nigga you fuckin with a sick puppy B'ville up in this bitch it's 'bout to get ugly [Verse Four: Billy Danze] I could tell you I'm hood, but y'all should already know My affiliation of Wu contribute to the globe I'm worlwide with it for sho'; you better check or get laced up from your face up and left off We don't just do it, we do it to death (y'all) Better respect some shit or we'll ruin your rep (c'mon~!) The realness, that split this, kill or be killed shit It's still kill or be killed should of never concealed it [Outro] ("Direct from the Shaolin slum, here I come" - Method Man) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Inspectah Deck, U-God) f/ Tre Williams Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Never Feel This Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Inspectah Deck] Born with the struggle, used to hustle for crumbs Fillin blunts in the building front thuggin for ones Full clips, fly dicks, down somethin to pump Whole cliques fly whips, dimes nothin to son City boy on the corner, I was so involved So the drama I embraced it with open arms Was tryin to shake the pain, hopin I could break the chains Every day the same, who am I to make a change? Will my niggaz risk it all just to play the game? And the young'uns goin through it tryin to play the same Through the rain, through the fire, handcuffed by desire Sent to your son, forgive me for the sins that I've done [Chorus: Tre Williams] My life, my pain lasts forever Nothin in these streets makes it better My life, my pain lasts forever Nothin in these streets makes it better And so I live on [U-God] Sittin here thinkin drinkin got a, lot on my mind Is my, life shrinkin am I, caught in the times It's a, quarter to nine and I'm, grabbin my 9 I had dreams I just, wanted to rhyme Climb my ways out these whack-ass ghettos I signed my name on the line with the devil Still in my prime weight but lost minds are settled Pots on the stove, move grandma's kettle Late for my job, he thinks he's a star She hates her husband, she says I'm a slob Mixed feelins she ain't gettin involved Battle of the sexes, the planet's off its axis The IRS God damn I owe these taxes The truth hurts, but I can take it It's a long time comin, but I can make it No mistakin, the cream is back [Inspectah Deck] I'm standin on my own two I got my niggaz, true niggaz, real niggaz~! Stop the wheel really? You only feel me if you walk the same road, talk the same code Still dwellin in the hell and find the time to make a home The few who escape will try to find a safer zone I ain't waitin for Obama, never doubted him, I'm proud of him He real, he'll spend a couple million in the housing then seein is believin, my vision is blurred Cause I ain't seein nothin I heard, really nothin but words The bottom line I'm still stuck to the curb Sky high but it wasn't the sherm, really nuttin but herbs I risk it all for the cause Even if it's war with the law won't pause I can't won't don't stop, I ain't got an off switch Dyin tryin to live it just to get a small part of it My squad is sick, type that you don't want problems with Rollin like 70 Mack trucks, what's stoppin it? [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Tre Williams] Ohhhhh! Ohhhhhh said I live I live, I live, oohhhhhhhwhoahhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Killa Sin Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Drunk Tongue Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: kung-fu movie samples] I don't give a damn! I'll kill anyone in my way [Killa Sin] Homicide city shit {*2X*} Yeah yeah, homicide, yo You see the neck lit, fist glisten, chain drippin, lane shiftin Riding dirty dirty, got that thang, know I stay grippin Facin life with it or without it bitch it's same difference Lames drippin if it's day or night, I'ma bang with it Situation's sickenin niggaz broke, and they cain't fix it Dough is all I know so if you slip it, then I cain't miss it Ain't mention Sin and broke niggaz, in the same sentence Got the game twisted, mayne listen, say pimpin what you pushin? Product pumpin like a piston hardly gettin by Or probably gettin high off what you pitchin, while we sittin fly Tryin to keep it simplified, movin like we Semper Fi My niggaz is born to ride, y'all niggaz get sent to die All you do is mention I, general exemplify Sin City been gritty, ten city enterprise About to make it twenty-five, utilize my witty mind to improvise my goal to reach the, all-time city high You don't want the semi flyin nine at your Hemi fine All you gotta do is send me mine, you got plenty time Mad cause my ones up, and scared cause my guns bust God's mind is divine, I'll shine on you dumb fucks Sin never dumbstruck, dram'n on the dump pumps Hit any man in the face they're like, sanitation dump trucks Dodge magnum chunks up, big enough to slug thugs out The bubble butts hop off the cots to play double dutch Glock in a double clutch, you don't want no trouble trust Rug cutter you're jugular, promise you your blood'll gush Dead smack in front of us get clapped dead you front on us Your back ledge, you rats feds can't front like you one of us Stack +Bread+ like +Wonder+ from the winter 'til the summer come Upgrade to made, that's when the Benzs and the Hummers come I ain't want no Hummer stunt, ask how I stack well like Maxwell Nigga tryin do a little some'n some'n The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Legendary Weapons Song: The Business (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [movie samples from "Willie Dynamite"] Man we always been loose Dealin off the turf like it was never gonna run dry That ain't no business No other game is run so disorganized Look around Everything that is taken care of business is together, dig it? TIGHT~!! (Together, except us) {*whispered*} Right!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (U-God, RZA) f/ Bronze Nazareth, Cappadonna Album: Legendary Weapons Song: 225 Rounds Typed by: Cno Evil [movie sample] At 3:47, more than 150 rounds of ammunition were fired into your apartment Which was about 200 yards away A few moments later, another fifty to seventy five rounds were fired in the street And you're gonna stand here and tell me you didn't see a god damn thing? [U-God] I live life lavish, and my chain is carats The last flame on the train to Paris Used to be lame, then I changed to maverick So many clothes, can't name the fabrics Dynamics, I want the fame And my name engraved in granites This the lane, and I came to grab it Yeah, you moving sideways, change your habits Yeah, used to rock minks, then I change to rabbit From out the garbage, I came from Abbott's Used to be righteous, then changed to savage Bang my ratchet like Bangkok Dangerous 36 Chamber Fists, trianglist Watch me mangle this, star spangle this Rock cowboy wrangle it, create mega hits I'm from the grain, game at my finger tips [Interlude: Cappadonna] Yeah, Killah Hill lay it down Killa Beez on the swarm Nigga... [Cappadonna] Aiyo, I plow down tracks like I'm out for revenge Fuck it, it seems like the drama never ends Be in the projects, like I never left out Might be on odds goods, see a nigga stressed out I can't take it, seems like my hood is cursed Bad niggas, I thought that the good was first My old hawk she march with a foul parade Don't learn shit, til another child is sprayed I'm out here, fuck it, like I live on Targhee And Rico, keep a low cut like laundry I don't give a fuck, ya'll made me bitter I'mma whip your kids out like a babysitter I'm a grown man, but I'm young in the mindstate Live in every borough but New York my tri state Test me, you nothing but a bitch on the tour bus Pour piss on you, leave you stuck with four months My head fucked up, I'm off my clean streak Don't make me pick the nines up, I come from mean streets My unit snitched on me, ratted me out They all ganged up on me, try to take my mouth However the cause, I'mma chill and get bent That cut from dirty cloth who cut from cement Original Tazeen got the crazy glow Them devils try to jump me, I'm crazy though Absolut Vodka rap, crushing that goose O.G. all day, like I be on the deuce Pop off with it, get your army in order Staten Africa, Islam, across that water [Interlude: Cappadonna] Yeah, what you talking about, nigga? Word up, you think it can't happen? Nigga, I smack all ya'll niggas This Big Don from the group-iz Nigga I be where the stoupe is [Bronze Nazareth] Yeah, told 'em, have gun will travel Blowing herb metals, black son still gravel Bronzeman, oblong javelins in my cabinet Detroit submit seeds, salutation from the missile plant Quick to the hollow point, it ain't no olive branch My low cal, four oh cal in the cardigan Tempted by Satan, put a bullet in his diaphram Walk around black clouds and quiet violins Italian fire blends, poet and violent pens Illest ill, scotch deal, plots and iron winds Up hill near the ghetto spill, the sirens sing Street dreams, black seed and the inspired kings From fire water veins, still rain mystery And chains due to my roots, no doubt in the ring On the road to riches and diamond speech I might turn a bag and wash sand in the mountain peaks [RZA] Yo, I don't text to send messages My testosterone stimulate her estrogen Whether black, caucasian or the Mexican Asians, she get the message and she coming back for sex again Organic drugs, my natural persuation You under the influence of 36 invasion Spider-Man amazing, but I'm darker than Parker Skin got abrasions from Maria and Tasha Sliding down a street pole, pull up to your party Stimulated with a jeep full of cherry gap honeys and bottles of Vodka Plus the weed bowls, here we go Meditating, never jealous, over zealous Wu-Tang Clan's my fellowship, fans massive acapellas Of our lyrics, would be with tracks embelishes The idea clearer that Wu-Tang Forever This, way of life is art, rhymes and cleverness Enjoying by God, no man could sever this I complete jobs, free and effortless Use Tiger Crane, Snake Style plus the Leopard Fist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (Ghostface) f/ Action Bronson, Termanology Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Meteor Hammer Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] Yo... yo~! I don't touch that swine, I want that unnecessary beef You smoke garbage buds, we smoke tons of Keith fishin Lookin for that big mouth bass and Flashin, jack your whole stash in, fashion Keep my goons lined in an orderly fashion It's glossy, with five hundred horsies in the Benz Tinted out to spend the night you ain't got ends Your funds is low stack, your bitch been a hoe Jack Still scoop her up, bring her home and blow that Cause Ghost be, mostly, lookin pretty toasty Front row at the Mayweather vs. Mosley with a Bin Laden bottle, a Brazillian model Got the paparazzi jumpin like I hit the lotto I party hard, like I'm fresh out of the cages Outrageous, like Charlie Sheen, out in Vegas [Verse Two: Action Bronson] Yo... You drop your pants at your ankles at the urinal at the ballgame I'm on the stool gettin brain from a tall dame Cause I'm five-eight, shorty like six-two Feed her coke, locked jaw like a pitbull I was born to rep, you fuckin with a hornet's nest Old shooters in the corner like porno set Young boys that be handlin the rock Chris Paul dish off, hammer in the sock Gold flakes in the Goldschlager The ammo green XJ-12, you know the old Jaguar Got the birchwood lacin the interior Poppy bagels gettin flavored out with Syria Only the farm's best laced plates, cheese that reach maturity Dick sucks from Shannon Doherty Take your temperature anally and orally Make a batch at home and strizzle royally with oil B [Verse Three: Termanology] Hopping out the Rolls Royce, rolls gold nouveau Diamond studded shoes so, flyest nigga you know Puerto Rican version of Scarface, fuck what the Gods say Disrespect, piss in your broad's face Chains stay chunky like Oprah belly Got the purple and the brown - peanut butter and jelly When I step up in the spot with the rocket you see the popular poppin rappers go in they pocket and pull out they wallet When I click-clack, now, get up on the ground Cause I Onyx, Pete Rock, Chuck D, "Shut 'Em Down" You know Term' I'm the kid with the Preem beats Butter pecan J-Lo kid with the mean cheeks Rubies on my gold fronts, iced out notebook Making volcanos in the kitchen when the coke cook I rode around with all kinds of thugs High on drugs, pissin out tiger blood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Live Through Death (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: kung-fu movie samples] (What is that?) The way of the true samurai is the ability to live through death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Only the Rugged Survive Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: RZA] Hahahahaha, Steels... You bout to catch this vick Yo, you bout to catch this vick [RZA] Old sad ballads and gun permits was invalid Raspberry vinegar, red dripped in spinach salad Sippin' bitches, Cabanet grape, steaming halibat steak Gold plate is stainless, four forks scrape the single plate Chased by a shot of Scotch whiskey, brew brisky For sixty years, misty bottles of Crysty in the freezer Red twist leaf, melted in spliffy, Cali blunt piff Now we lifty, MC dread head, split up and smoke swiftly Then if we empty the safe we can all catch fifty Vanna piece put eighty five in jewelry Two sixty in deep, a half a gallon Digi When dog mentioned hingie, then when they tempted me All up a nine milli', I brought my wild cousin Billy This fucking Wu hater, from off of Decatur Bout to get smacked silly, Kinetic was like Yo, Bobby, don't act illy, let me handle this shit We rolled the candle sick spliff, we hopped inside the whip And through the gear on shift, about to catch this vick [Chorus 2X: RZA] It's the season of the vick, bitch, you getting hit up With so much weight, so much lead, you won't be able to get up [RZA] Yo, kick in the door, spit a lungie at him, son, tried to bungie Grab 'em, through 'em on the floor, smacked 'em, my dudes bout to stab 'em Bitch was in the bathroom, screaming, hot bubble batch, steaming You can tell from her face, she just finished swallowing semen Shut the fuck up, open the safe up, no time to waste up Heard you been hating on Wu-Tang, we should burn your fucking place up He was like 'Yo, Bobby Steels, chill, for real, please spare me' Billy put the gun to his face like 'Bobby, go 'head, try to dare me' I was like 'Nah, son, chill, ain't necessary' His bird was in the backround, still singing like a canary Told 'em, open up the safe or prepare for the mortiuary When the gun starts to click, and we spit, that crazy scary Open it up, it was filled with drugs and jewelry and cash And me, oh, I simply grabbed the Digi Tied 'em up and gagged up, duct tape and paper bagged him Him and his bitch, in the whip, yup, we back in the magnum Return to the dread spread, gave him his cut of the bread Rumor has it, Billy duffed them other cuts with dead [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA) f/ The Reverend William Burk Album: Legendary Weapons Song: Robbery (iTunes Bonus Track) Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: The Reverend William Burk] Yeah, yeah, it's live, it's live, it's going down What? [Chorus 2X: The Reverend William Burk] This is a robbery, boy, come out your pockets We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallets This is a robbery, boy, gimme them dollars Gimme them dollars, gimme them dollars [The Reverend William Burk] My third eye, never blind, deep behind assassins Taurus is the sign, for the dimes that be asking William Burk, with a mind that's advanced And put in work, spread knowledge of outlasting Sharpshooter with a luger, blasting at Lucifer Asking the trooper of Earth to ride Jupiter Medusa the ruler of wicked women and timid men We killing cops til they free my nigga Killa Sin And licking shots in the battle when the war begin Wrath of the prominent, all hail the Gods again Reign of the dominant, we looking for Osama Bin Laden, plotting on the fall of evil rotten men All my squad is wise as King Solomon This all for one, and one for all, til the very end Cuz once I got a friend, I never forgot a friend See I ill blend, equal ten minus three [Chorus: RZA] It's a robbery, boy, come out your pocket We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallet It's a robbery, boy, come out your pocket We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallet [RZA] Nigga, whether welfare cheese or franks and beans Or no frill can goods, you want it all from the hood Fifty packs of Oodles and Noodles, dipsey doodles, cheese doodles Next to the West Indian man who try to blow voodoo On your most beloved, why I come down from regions undiscovered I have you hovered over by black brothers in public, it's rugged My fatal wound, you not immune, I'm departing like King Arthur Open hand combat is unlimited, I'm the tomcat, word The old war calling Maserati with the spoiler Carry middle east oil and hot water boilers Cop pull bars from NATO, eating fried green tomatoes We will bake your head like it's Mr. Potato Me and Reverend Burk is like Green Hornet and Kato Godfather, the Clan man, don't you turn Fredo Calm like sippin' top sake, northern Vodka Hanna Train like Rocky defending Apollo Creed's honor The Steels unbendable, it's not recommendable To defend the rule, we come up, we finish you Cuz then the Liquid Sword will strike down, diminish you Your fate like the bottom of an old worn tennis shoe I'm just skinning you, not aiming for ending you The multiple, the force of the pen could do [Chorus: The Reverend William Burk] This is a robbery, boy, come out your pockets We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallets This is a robbery, boy, gimme them dollars Gimme them dollars, gimme them dollars [Chorus: RZA] It's a robbery, boy, come out your pocket We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallet It's a robbery, boy, come out your pocket We hit the lottery, boy, it's in your wallet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: 8 Diagrams (Promo) * Song: Watch Your Mouth Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com * samples were not cleared for the official album release [Raekwon] Y'know? General, general! Word out... Yeah... Aiyyo man.. you poppin fuckers (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Intro: Wu-Tang Clan] It's just rules with beats - you clown niggaz can't rule the streets We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East Taking over the block! {*continuously scratched*} "From the gate now!" (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) Aiyyo, it's just rules with beats - you clown niggaz can't rule the streets We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East Taking over the block, you can't fuck with the block! (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Raekwon] Aiyyo, I stay funky and piley, blue Excelero They lookin for me, what the fuck you behind me for? Stressing everything I breathe on I'm from the boulevard where niggaz get jacked and peed on Whatever homey, we more lavish I might sneak you in the crib, see my lasers and glasses Try to get my come up on Yo, and when you see me, you know I got my "come up" arm on Cartier called me up, robbery here We got your seed in the back of the Beemer starving We like lion killers, catch me on stage with the gauge in my right hand, grenade and this leather bomber I scout money, you know we hungry and talk funny Coughing out corner rappers, don't never walk up on me I write with only insane Malkovich My troops gave me money to clown with them, fuck it (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Masta Killa] My first gun was a .32, back before uh! Graduated to the .38, maybe a nine I prefer the fo' five, stay alive Techs held the crack gank in '88 8 oz. straight from Florida, the best temp Camouflage vest, repping the set Wu on the east wing, twenty-ten, sexy bad We up at Spain with that thing thing, my crew strong We take no search for your party dunn, you know how I run Spray places, cover faces, beat cases A big mouth will get your teeth knocked the fuck out Keep a nunchuk, take money, stay ninja I injure, any motherfuckin contender (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Method Man] Hey bitch, your time's up! Go finish them rhymes up All my soldiers is lined up, my corners is crimed up Niggaz know where to find us, settin the grind up Police checkin them pies up, my rims are shined up Wu! We on the rise up, crops supplied up Plottin niggaz demise up, boxed in conduct Scratch we got 'em sized up, and when the East is in the house You, you, you, you, you... (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Ghostface Killah] On the side of the projects, grey skully, bubble 'Lo goose Mac 11 tucked in front of the belly Prestigious moves, we killin 'em, hoes we drillin 'em We like George Foreman out in the streets, we grillin 'em In the van, .45's and dilly's, ready to slam it House arrest box is goin off, Tony got grams Gotta bath tub full of white, lay in it like Sam Montana Tune 'em out, to blow out, chop 'em like fans (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [Inspectah Deck] This is boulevard hard, lounging in your black car Camouflage rat guard on "Stomp the Yard" I-N-S spit monster bars, flip long regards My click dons bitch, y'all are frauds I get it in like Tim off the glass Slamming my name, I'm like the prez, sending men off to blast What I spit, make 'em spend all their cash I'm so Wu, so new that I ain't ripped off the tags (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [U-God] RZA done birthed us, some curse on purpose I'm the grouch, my mouth is a circus Burner plus a good learner, don't need a hood All I need's a good burner, nocturna Snake rat murderer, all I hear is turf talk Rack rooms full of goons with bullet wound birthmarks From the first spark, you heard my response (Wu-Tang!) More results talkin 'bout whole crew's mission just lost (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [RZA] Out the beehive, you dip and you dive But you still can't survive, you can't see past five Check the outlook, this is not in the book You bein dragged across the floor while your 'dro in my hook Lyrical joust, found all the deal off the books Steve Rif gave the nod to Universal, good look Still spit poison venom, Red Monkey and Wu dem Have any dudes seen the condos? It's all 'em (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) [GZA] Put my +clan in da front+, +reunite+ 'em Make 'em all R.S.V.P., if they want it, we don't invite 'em No beef, less talk and more action We parole as a whole, we'll send you back in fractions Break through fanatic, low crates deep in attics The Abbott pulled out a .45, looped with static I scrolled through the menu then rolled to the venue The dress code is armor all, put a hole up in him (You better watch your motherfuckin mouth) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: A.I.D.S. (America is Dying Slowly, a Red Hot Compilation) Song: America Intro: Killah Priest, Raekwon Continous  Yeah, youknowhatI'msayin? Wu-Tang  Aiyyo aiyyo, come on yo yo yo I'ma shoot over here On that AIDS thing  YouknowhatI'msayin? I'm gonna just slide in the studio quick Yo, yo  And get this done Verse One: Killah Priest When you're sexually frustrated, plus waiting for a long time You both had strong minds Combined with feelings, she seems appealing for each other, discreet lover, no longer keeps brothers Smothered under deep covers Erotic programs, Moet and slow jams Enough to make you hold hands And plus you a bold man You fall in a manhole, where the forbidden tree grow And bullshit ego, of fly negro Whole garden sour, polluted with a dead flower Months later, he's layin on a respirator Depending on a generator, to keep his heart moving And start losing sight in his right eye In weeks he might die Verse Two: Raekwon Yeah, uh-huh I know this dope-fiend cat, word up, his name is Javier Part-time shooter sharing needles in the stairs Wise guys disguised as a fly guy you gettin high right? Weeded up with red shit in your right eye Youse a menace, your brain cells finished Begging forgiveness, calling that up top shit syphillis You know what you was gettin into Try to guess on what I've been through Fuck shorty raw then she scared you Chorus: Raekwon AIDS kills, word up respect this, yo Coming from the Wu, it's real AIDS kills, word up respect this, yo Coming from my crew, it's real Verse Three: RZA My nigga Chuck, he loved to fuck Everything exotic bitches down to ugly ducks Like Nancy, who liked the fancy tickles so he put popsicles on her nipples to make her sex passion triple quadriple, until she bust Overcome with passion, big ass want lust upon him But nigga he forsake to grab the condom Fuck it, he said AIDS, was government made to keep niggaz afraid so they won't get laid no babies be made And the black population will decrease within a decade German warfare product against the dark shade Chorus: AIDS kills, word up respect this, yo Coming from my crew, it's real AIDS kills, word up respect this, yo Coming from the Wu, it's real Verse Four: Master Killer, Inspector Deck Caught by the gravitation earth rotation Six in the sex is deep, when you can't see clear through the sheer brassiere, toke back Smoking a spliff, sippin cognac, God you know my two love songs, Bobby Womack tracks Got her fat ass layin flat on her back Yo, as she lay, she wore a silk gray neglige Alehze pours, the radio play, Marvin Gaye What's Going On? As she screams Sexual Healing Couldn't fight the feeling her legs hit the ceiling Hittin all positions dipped in for quick love She's professional she does this shit in strip clubs Flied in June until she Acquired Immune Deficiency Now misery is the Syndrome Outro: Raekwon and others Oh shit, God that's wild Damn, that's some cherry flavor shit going on though kid For real, knowhatI'msayin? What about the exotic type Caskets is waitin for brothers Word up slide on the joints baby Before you go to sex take protection Word up AIDS kills, word up respect this America Is Dying Slowly (4x) Yeah, word yo, sliding up in this store right here I ain't even playing that man, for real Dig it Respect how I'm living kid Here forever, word up Lubricated joints, ribbed joints is bangin But they still playing the hotel door man Word, you know how that be though, you know how that be Yo, just gettin to be too old Chick over there lookin like Sonny and Cher Over there Yeah America Is Dying Slowly Surely America Is Dying Slowly America Is Dying Slowly remember that! Syndrome, be the resident America Is Dying Slowly Wu-Tang, Syndrome, be the resident Noodles, Bobby Steels, Lou Diamonds, Killer Priest Rolly Rollie Fingers, Johnathan Blaze, Maximillion Prodigal Sons, Anthony Starks, Hellrazor Prodigal Son, and in the place, Sixty Second Sunz of Man, Gambinos, forever... Keep it safe! Ol Dirt Schultz, word up baby Protect yourself! Keep it safe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Belly soundtrack Song: Windpipe Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, thamasta@home.com * * send corrections to this typist [RZA] Yo Yo Yo doodododododo Yo pssh yo Yo park the Jeep on the street of the Sunset Marquis Autograph sign and pass wit a gold tip sharpee Permanent ink blots, I'm drunk on Red Label scotch All you faggots try to judge my shit like Ed Koch Underground left and right pair surround sound can't be scared Plea the amps, video tape, steady cam Golden chrome, desert eagle never left at home Flip the track of the beat, watch Bobby flip the metronome High voltage, keep my seed and wiz well-cultured Peal enemies, my melon dim, the poison blue postage I open and fold ya, Dirty fucked the ogre I leave the cats the book of food stamps and that poga The box of evil, a fifty sack of that lethal  Adjust these boots and bloody cube steaks from keebu [Chorus 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] What party can you go to And I ain't there you bitches actin like you don't care [RZA] You bitches actin like you dont care You bitches actin like you YO Razor blade toenails cut holes inside tube socks Golden platinum things unstainable, I chew rocks Cybertech digital suit deflect bullets Black hooded surrounded by forty acres of wooded Land, like my cousin dusty dirty ass Dan  Fucked the daughter of the leader of the Ku Klux Klan Tapes we dub, pound you wit the ace of club Poppin your tree to a shrub Tongue kiss a lion and kidnap her cub Passionate portrait, my biz spread eagle, wild orchid Pussy so wet you could fuck it wit a soft tipped dick Tickle the tonsil you could hear her coughin I don't know if Dirt fucked Mariah, but I'm out to fuck Tyra Starks might fuck Mya [Break: Ol' Dirty Bastard over RZA "doodododododo"ing] I'm the pussy vampire I don't wanna work no more I want my own alibi Chorus [Ghostface Killah] Yo I'm bent out three days two nights yo I'm spent out One hell of a cruise New York got they hand out Like I owe somethin, check they stance they frontin I'm two seconds from twistin y'all shit over nuttin All a sudden ice grills kid you did a baby bid In the mix, almost hung yourself, slit ya wrists To the maximum, hand me the forty I'll thrash 'em Split out, guess who gassed 'em, made Ghost throw his mask on Trauma the block pro, bar sledge slang ho Runnin from two-inch soles, some rap and I might blow World Cup, some been blessed wit the Stanley Yvonne lend you autographed racket wit the hankey Sideline manuever, polished wack MC remover Niggaz wit long nails cuttin me, leavin bruises Cantelopes, tied a thousand on y'all folks Came home, this dusthead dude tryin to play me close Sweepin, peep fears, Liz wants to chop in this kid I might do magic make him disappear Rear-rose that nigga, Isotola Coca-Cola holder Snap the granola, sprinkle ginko bola Venom from a cobra, laced in the cummy ball odor Soaked through a strainer, here's a dose of the King James version, displayed just like Samsung  Wit effects that'll kill Rogers 007 Hanna Barbera, Park's the opposite of Bambi the deer Fuck wit mics like Sonny and Cher Or maybe the captain internet, immaculate golden seal Nice like Mr. Whittendale your girl Chippendale Shallah Price all up in ya dogged-out trench  When I snatched that, shit was broke shoulda sent ya ass back And where's the key to the hatchback, pop that Get in throw a bag full of mic's in there, respect that [Girl - repeat 2X] What party can you go to, and Wu ain't there These niggaz actin like they don't care What party can you go to, and Wu ain't there These hoes actin like they don't care The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Can It Be All So Simple/Wu-Tang Aint Nuttin Ta Promo 12" * Song: Shame On a Nuh * - also available on the radio-edited 36 Chambers CD Intro: Yo this the O.D.B. new radio version for ya called Shame On A Nuh so everybody,..a jump on it Shame on a Nuh! who try to run game on a nuh Wu buck wild with the trigger! Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh Wu buck- uhh uhh uhh HUT ONE, HUT TWO, HUT THREE, HUT! Ol' Dirty Bast...................cut! Styles unbreakable, shatterproof, To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot? BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't front the style Ruthless wild! Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked on out? Brother, get on it like that, then shout! [Method] Yo RZA, yo razor! Hit me with the Major The Damage. My clan, understand, it be flavor Gunnin'! Hummin' comin' atcha First I'm gonna getcha, once I gotcha, I gatcha! You could never capture the Method Man's stature For rhyme & for rapture, got niggaz resigning, now master My style?  Never! I put the ... buck in the wild kid, I'm terror Razor sharp, I sever the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my compeda! You mean competitor, whadeva! Let's get together [Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh  Wu come wild with the tri-BLAOW!] [Raekwon] I react so thick, I'm phat, and YO! Rae came blowing & blew off ya headphones Black, rap from YO Cali to Texas Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to WRECK this! Brothers approach & half step, but ain't heard HALF of it yet, and I bet you're not a WHAT! vet! So, when you see me on the real, formin' like Voltron, Remember I got deep like a Navy Seal! [Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh  Wu buck wild with the trigger!  Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh  I'll said get out!] Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard Yo...! I come with that ol' loco Style from my vocal Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals I'm no joker! Play me as a joke, I be on you like a house on fire! Smoke ya! Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway, Be like, "Warriors! Come out & playiyay!" Hurry, I gettin it on, I let it out like diarrhea Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea Dirty, I keeps the nuff stains my drawers So I can gete Fizzy-funky for YUH!? Murder, takes the fame of the Wu-Tang RAHH! Here comes the Tiger verse Crane! Ow, be like wild with my style Punk! You playing me, chump, you get DUMPED! WU! Is comin' THROUGH! At a theatre near YOU! And get funk like a SHOE! What?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Curse Album: Careful Maxi (German Import) Song: Careful (Click, Click) - Alles Real Mix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, 4ce@gmx.de * * send corrections on the German to this typist [Curse] Yo, yo, es macht kein Sinn mit mir Streit zu beginn' Denn ich fhl' mich so wie's Mike Tyson ging Ich hab nix zu verlieren und bei' dir ins Fleisch und bring' Schei ber MC's die nur Battle Vergleiche bring' Ich zerrei euch Kasper durch Rhymes die gewichtig wie Eisen sind Wenn ich rappen muss rap ich, auch wenn ich heftig oft hei bin Ich bin hei auf den Schei zerrei euch das Mic in Gesangskabinen Du singst doch weiterhin verbreit ich was ich will und schreib das hin was ich wichtig find, ganz egal ob du's cool oder scheie findst Und da es so scheint als wenn 'n Part nur bedeutet Leistung zu bring' Erschein Rhymes mit Sinn die voll weise sind meistens wie Geisterstimm' Auch wenns keiner peilt ist es halb so schlimm,  bald beginnt meine Zeit bestimmt Schreib bis mein Stift den Geist aufgibt,  kein Verschlei der's mit mein aufnimmt Kulis und Bleistifte sind wie mein Schwei der auf Seiten rinnt Bis der Schei ertrinkt bin ich Geistesbliz reichlich und wei euch hin Ich rap jetzt langsam, weil schnell rappen meistens nur Zeit gewinnt und ich mehr sein will als der Beste,  ich will das euch der Schei was bringt [RZA] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? got (shots), huh?! By his back, watch (sword) run Seven the center of your eight point sun Hold tight grip on the +God-U..Now+ you best be careful! Can't dodge two (??) aimed at your domepiece +Father-U-C-King+ police!! [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son since we bust Gunclap +Glaciers+, ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you enter We have an A.P.B., on an MC Killer Looks like the work of a Masta!! [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. Up in the force game wildin, money for grabs I ain't (shot) with crabs, out of state copped two labs Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dough rehab Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up Snake (whip) in the cut, hold the product Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust (shot) you can't trust, dealin with lust Seen him at the ballgames with James Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini G-Deini, razoni noodles sprinkled on your embry' Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel slid through Bethlehem bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the 60's Granddaddy Caddy was coppin 6 G's Begosh all that Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champelle, brown paper bags, wall to wall bumpers [U-God] These (??) camera guys, cause, turn your eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, ways, of the Samurai Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or the Dole, front row of the superbowl Black gold in my soul, on a hoe stroll Don't go boy you on parole you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Made 'em throw they hands up, but then lay flat Rat pack eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact when we contact Known to drop backs that crack your hard hat Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the buggy-I Benz Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends Who's your rhymin hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna, Kardinal Offishall Album: Careful Remix 12" Song: Careful (Firestarter Remix) Typed by: Tha Masta, Cno Evil [Kung Fu Sample] We are watchin you open it 	Careful, careful, careful, careful [Kardinal Offishall] Eh yo, somethin in the Dot went (BOOP BOOP) Uh-huh, The T-Dot went (BOOP BOOP) Eh yo, somethin in the Dot went (BOOP BOOP) Word up, The T-Dot went (BOOP BOOP) Let's go.. Yo, yo, eh yo, yo.. [Kardinal Offishall] (FIRE) on the government, (FIRE) 'pon Babylon (FIRE) 'pon the corrupted land on which we walkin on Ice grills melt into a puddle in the struggle Niggaz try to bust back but get jooked by undercovers You wonder why so many niggaz out there sellin crack because police allow that, they add it to they paper stacks Eh yo, people are you ready? (BOOP) Are you really ready? (BOOP) Many need to know about the ghettos in the T-Dot Oh, the news people try to pretty-up the scene My peoples gettin killed out there, seen? (Seen) None of y'all niggaz can't talk about peace When there's Palestine youths throwin rocks at police In the streets we talk shit, a lot of young punks with guns With dollars while the ghetto youths have no funds The devils in this world always dress-up as nuns Kardinal Offishall Firestarter Volume One Careful.. [RZA] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? Damn nigga got fuck shit, huh? The God stack, watch nigga run Seven in the center of your eight point sun Old type grip on the Guard U, Now you best be Careful, can't dodge two Self-heats aimed at your dome piece Father U C King police [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son Since we bust gun, clap Glaciers Ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you Enter We have an APB on an emcee Killa Looks like the work of a Masta [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Up in the force game, wildin money for grabs I ain't fuckin with crabs, outta state Cop two labs, hop two cabs, back on the Av. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dopey head Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up, snake niggas in the cut Hold the pride up, your time is up No love, heat start to bust, niggas you can't trust Deal with lust, seen him at the ball games with James Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click These are the bones, bones from the grave Yo, Hoodini, G-Dini, rhymes only, Noodles sprinkle throw yo Embry Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel Slid through Bethlehem, bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the sixties Granddaddy Caddy, was coppin six g's B'Gosh all that, Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champele, brown paper bag, wall to wall pumpin [U-God] Beats in the camera guys, cause terror in ya eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai News flash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, rough men, scuffed Timb's Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or is it Dole?, front row at the Super Bowl Black gold in my soul, on the whole, stroll Don't go boy, you on parole, you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Made 'em throw they hands up and then lay flat Rap pack, eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact, when we contact Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat Must I Show N Prove? Trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the Buggy Eye Benz, who contends? Wu like the Super Friends Who's Your Rhymin Hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [sample] Careful, Careful, Careful, Careful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Le Rat Luciano Album: Careful Remix 12" Song: Careful (Le Rat Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, npakabrownsugar@yahoo.fr [RZA as Bobby Digital] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? Damn nigga got fuck shit, huh? The God stack, watch nigga run Seven in the center of your eight point sun Old type grip on the God-U, Now you best be Careful, can't dodge two Self-heats aimed at your dome piece Father U C King police [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son Since we bust gun, clap Glaciers Ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you Enter We have an APB on an emcee Killa Looks like the work of a Masta [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Up in the force game, wildin money for grabs I ain't fuckin with crabs, outta state Cop two labs, hop two cabs, back on the Av. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dopey head Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up, snake niggaz in the cut Hold the pride up, your time is up No love, heat start to bust, niggaz you can't trust Deal with lust, seen him at the ball games with James Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click These are the bones, bones from the grave Yo, Hoodini, G-Dini, rhymes only, Noodles sprinkle throw yo Embry Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel Slid through Bethlehem, bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the sixties Granddaddy Caddy, was coppin six g's B'Gosh all that, Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champele, brown paper bag, wall to wall pumpin [U-God] Beats in the camera guys, cause terror in ya eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai News flash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, rough men, scuffed Timb's Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or is it Dole?, front row at the Super Bowl Black gold in my soul, on the whole, stroll Don't go boy, you on parole, you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Made 'em throw they hands up and then lay flat Rap pack, eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact, when we contact Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat Must I Show N Prove? Trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the Buggy Eye Benz, who contends? Wu like the Super Friends Who's Your Rhymin Hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [sample] Careful, Careful, Careful, Careful [Le Rat Luciano] le systme transforme l'homme en bte, j'suis pas arriv y'a pas de flingue braqu sur ma tte ou planqu sous ma veste mais tout peut arriver ma belle on peut m'retrouver mort au fond d'une benne vu qu'chaque jour le mal rgne donc d'main on voudra me descendre je n'verrai plus le matin donc d'main c'est ma main droite qui deviendra l'assassin pour l'moment j'marche sans gun le comble : sparer aucun corps d'son me pour le fun on perd sa vie  essayer de la gagner ds qu'on y arrive on est bon pour la morgue parfois les anges viennent t'aider car l'grand matre donne l'ordre ici bas on a tout c'qu'l'on mrite qu'a finisse par "BANG" c'qui doit arriver arrive... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Blak Twang Album: Careful Remix 12" Song: Careful (Twang vs. Tang Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, wu_tang@postmaster.co.uk [Blak Twang] Come on, all my British youths go OI! (OI!) Whether you're jiggy ragga youths or b-boys It's the South London trooper super eagle super with wu London Zoo elephant breakin' out to scare crews BE CAREFUL, mind how you step to me blood You don't wanna start trippin out like you're on ecstasy drugs Show respect to the Gods or get your bones left in the dust (OI) Salutin rude bwoys or rowdy guffs Knowledge of the self for the Twang (BLAK, BLAK) [RZA as Bobby Digital] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? Damn nigga got fuck shit, huh? The God stack, watch nigga run Seven in the center of your eight point sun Old type grip on the God-U, Now you best be Careful, can't dodge two Self-heats aimed at your dome piece Father U C King police [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son Since we bust gun, clap Glaciers Ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you Enter We have an APB on an emcee Killa Looks like the work of a Masta [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Up in the force game, wildin money for grabs I ain't fuckin with crabs, outta state Cop two labs, hop two cabs, back on the Av. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dopey head Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up, snake niggaz in the cut Hold the pride up, your time is up No love, heat start to bust, niggaz you can't trust Deal with lust, seen him at the ball games with James Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click These are the bones, bones from the grave Yo, Hoodini, G-Dini, rhymes only, Noodles sprinkle throw yo Embry Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel Slid through Bethlehem, bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the sixties Granddaddy Caddy, was coppin six g's B'Gosh all that, Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champele, brown paper bag, wall to wall pumpin [U-God] Beats in the camera guys, cause terror in ya eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai News flash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, rough men, scuffed Timb's Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or is it Dole?, front row at the Super Bowl Black gold in my soul, on the whole, stroll Don't go boy, you on parole, you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money is stacked, now bust ya gun clack, clack Made 'em throw they hands up and then lay flat Rap pack, eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact, when we contact Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat Must I Show N Prove? Trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the Buggy Eye Benz, who contends? Wu like the Super Friends Who's Your Rhymin Hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack Someone in the back went clack, clack Money to stack, now bust ya gun clack, clack [Cappadonna] Somethin in the street went bang, bang Makin it hard for you to do your thang, thang Somethin in the street went bang, bang [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click Somethin in the hood went click, click The box cutter went click, click [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum pu-pum-pum [sample] Careful, Careful, Careful, Careful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Execution in Autumn (S) Song: Execution in Autumn Typed by: Cno Evil [Inspectah Deck] Yeah, you stepped in the pit of the flame You're lost on Beat Street, I'mma throw spit on your name Hit it raw when they mention the name, it's like Mike When he score, with like two seconds left in the game Small change, don't step in my lane, I rock too hard body I click, bang, give 'em the pain, nah, man, can't get with them dames Your boy born with it, so how you gon' get him to change You a lame, putting shit in the game, piranha wanna see me In the state greens, in prisoner chains But I'm smooth like the groove to the listener brain And you only understand it, if you been through my pain Icey whites fitteds and frames, hustle in my blood Bet my seeds gon' get it the same Yes indeed, I'm destined to reign, so ahead of the game All aboard ya'll, get on the train [Raekwon] Banana clip, mack-a-holic, I slap your captain, enjoying Go in the freezer, gotta squeeze her tits, out the toilet Niggas is Norbits, running up on the dice game, call it Preacher suit on, holding a raw fifth Put that call in, his dough in the wall, stall 'em Plastic bags laying in the floor way, yup It's just dog's day, reservoir, out in Utah, yo Where my dope and marijuanas got bought in Grill nights in Fordham, we pay to have a roast Assassins is strapped, this the only way the yae grows More leverage, more sevens riding around with legends Paying judges off, we be up in New York reppin' [Interlude: RZA] Raise it on up, Bobby, yo Yeah, I ain't... yo [RZA] Miramax movie magic, cold beer on tap, rumor has it Words, put ideas on track Footprints, I walk on Earth, then appear on maps Strive police 2.5 mil a year on cap Wu-Wear on my cap, dime piece on the lap Three hundred, push-ups a day, put the crease on your back Be the captain and lieutenant, black man, who invented Chopping samples up, to make the beats that's ascended to Every genre of music, the whole sphere of music I produce the range, engineer the music [U-God] My ear candy been dope, my pen stroke like Zorro Hit the heavy bag, like Foreman in the Congo Mini transmitter, night vision in the stronghold Rock long robes, smell snakes with a strong nose Every time the horn blows, the Wu's signal's back on Transform, pack form a whole another platform We coming back for him, to smash the spot Kid, I'm on your team to, pass me the rock Til the casket drop, I'mma flip your wig Rip clothes, honey didn't know my dick this big You get kicked in the ribs, with two chrome gauge Deadly venom, I send 'em, back to stone age The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Family Reunion (S) Song: Family Reunion Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Masta Killa] My seeds, grow with his seeds, marry his seeds My seeds, grow with his seeds, marry his seeds That's how we keep Wu-Tang money all up... [Masta Killa] It's good to see the Wu-Tang family under one roof We celebrate toasts and shots, Ciroc forty proof Burgers on the grill and fried fish, the wiz made Potato salad, beans for a side dish Cold water, Miller, reminiscence with cousins and sisters Children on the grass playing ball and Twister Fresh lemonade is made, we playing Spades My nephews turn the living room into an arcade Aunt Cherry baked pies, surprised Johnny showed up You can tell from the smell in the air, something's rolled up It's love, peace & happiness with the joy and laughter Camera phones flash as the moment is captured [sample] It's so nice to see, all the folks you love, together Sitting in the parking lot All the things that's been going down [Method Man] It's going down, yo We rock all in together now, Wu-Tang forever, now Twenty years later, we still bang, whatever, now Turn change to cheddar, if I can take a quote from Obama Change is better, I vow to never let you down Remember Meth Tical? In my circle, haters is never round I'm a boss, owe that to Kevin Liles Reunited, the whole world excited Wu-Tang is for the kids, and we pulling girls inside it [Chorus: sample] Family reunion, got to have a family reunion Family reunion, it's so nice To come together, to get together I wish grandma could see, the whole family I sure miss her face, and her warm and tender embrace [Ghostface Killah] I miss my grandmother, my aunts and Unique Ason I knew Dirt was high when we had that face on Fangs hanging out his mouth, his fronts was golden Wilding, record execs can't control him He said shit like "Me and Mariah, hit me, oh-oh-whoa-oh" That's fire Still no matter what, we gon' rep your name Look at your family, we got twenty years in the game [RZA] Aiyo, I'd like to make a toast To my Wu-Tang family, all over the globe East coast, West coast, all my brothers in the hood, keeping it good Peace to the Gods and Earths, all my Latino brothers, my Asian brothers, my Caucasian brothers Wu-Tang forever, I seen you, God, do that stuff Yeah, we still for the babies, RZARectah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Ghost Dog Soundtrack Song: Fast Shadow Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Method Man] I'm sayin, you-could-you could just come over top of that shit... Did I hear it? Nigga and bang your head, PUNK!! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] *in background repeating* SUCK A DICK!!! 6x  SUCK MY DICK!!! [Method Man] And it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't, it don't It don't, it don't, it don't, it don't stop! It all starts wit the pad and pen, shall we begin To burn bush in this rap session, once again On the run be the Black Stallion Now you fuckin wit Ticallion, hmmm Iron Lung, boy me can done, army of one, blaze yo' bun I'ma get you none, accept challenge AHH! Run a mile wit a racist, they iced it, I aced it Placed it, right up in their face till they faced it Hard to the dome like a chrome microphone I'm ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-bad to the bone to the bone Danger zone, that's my life and my song Keep it movin, hop along little doggies! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Uh uh uh, FUCK YOU!!! Drive The Mack Cadillac Dark shade the window all sunny and black Pitch antenna back of the car Inside is a TV, even a bar Bulletproof down, safe and sound Chauffeur in the FRONT just to drive the Lexus all around Give ya, give ya, give ya body a ride, nice and warm inside Come to the Dirt Dog as the tummy rise *Laughs* Enter [RZA] Yo yo my Wu-Tang cliff'll make your atom split The power of my brain, you can't fathom it Whoever go against the will of the grain will get slain Don't EVER say thy God name in vain My third eye electronic dragonfly spiral observe Can record your words  And your lies and approach you And have my Dogs come and Ghost you When it comes to the bread son, the heat will toast you [U-God] Music makes me lose control This is not just rock and roll Hip hop digs right to the soul Music makes me lose control Wu-Tang, now we on a roll On a rise, now here we go Guaranteed to flip the show RZA beats is outta control Outta control, outta control, outta control Outta control, now here we go [Masta Killa] Yo who got that nigga gassed like he can't get skimasked Abducted from his doorstep Dufflebag his head for the price of nothin He's a glutton What I'm manifestin each day is a lesson Ya'll faggots, came to the School of the 36 Chambers Copied on papers of scholars that earn dollars We trendsetters in Wu leathers, trendsetters in Wu leathers, whatever Chorus [U-God] 2x Music makes me lose control This is not just rock and roll Hip hop digs right to the soul Music makes me lose control Wu-Tang, now we on a roll On a rise, now here we go *Skip next line on the second time of chorus* Music makes me lose control (2x)  Guaranteed to rip the show RZA beats is outta control Outta control, outta control, outta control Now here we go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: In The Beginning Song: Sucker MC's * * mail corrections to beatnik@sprynet.com * This is the Wu-Tang Clan's cover version of Run-D.M.C.'s "Sucker MC's" [ODB] Daddy's home, your daddy's home to stay [Meth] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo same time same channel Nasty vandals too hot to fucking handle Bring the ruckus to all you knotty head fuckas Shit's like Hammer Time, niggas can't touch us [RZA] Straight up and down Wu-Tang forever Come tougher than DJ ?'s leather Make a better tomorrow  Condition your atmosphere, air like feathers The fire come, transmit vire come The higher sire come, we burn your wire Wu-Tang be number one... [Meth & RZA] Four years ago a friend of mine Asked me to say some MC rhymes So I said this rhyme I'm about to say The rhyme was Meth and it went this way Yo, we took a test to become an MC All the withers in the crowd got amazed at me God threw me inside his Cadillac The chaffuer drove off and we never came back Meth cut the record down to the bone And now I rock solid chrome microphones Now we signing autographs, with cheers and laughs Champagne, caviar, and bubblebaths, but see... That's the life that I lead, you sucka MC, we G-O-D Take that and move back, or catch a heartattack Because there's nothing in the world the gods could ever lack I chill at the party in my b-boy stance Walk, cap low, 45 in my pants Fly like a dove, that come from up above My nigga's Iron Lung but you can stay one love It's just a one two three a three a two one Throw your blunts in the air for the god Iron Lung Blow them right in your face with the bass You messed up, come in first place, the real rap taste First come, first serve basis Coolin out boo, take you to the def places One of a kind for you people's delight And to you sucker MC, you know it ain't right Bet you bite all your life, cheat on your wife Run in a gun fight with nuthin but a knife Bangin with your boy, slingin with the crew And everybody know what you've been through It's the one two three three two one Throw your blunts in the air for your dunn Iron Lung Smoke in your place with the highs and the bass Come in first place in the real rap race Go uptown, buy a bag of brown You sucker MC, a sad face clown Gettin OD ready to rock crowds steady You drive a big car get your gas from Getti [ODB] I'm ODB in the place to be Didn't go to St. John's University In the streets of Brooklyn I aquired the knowledge A Law of Mathematics that's higher than college I'm fly on skins that I gets in Queens She love filthy swine and my collard greens I'm dressed to kill, you know our style Cause niggas don't know that Dirty Dogg fly If you wanna see me baby come, you know Dirty Dog is number one X2 I wrote this song about the (?) You gotta know where to start when the beats play X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Kill Bill, Vol. 2 O.S.T. Song: Black Mamba (Bonus Track) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] BLACK MAMBA! [Chorus: all] Uh huh huh.. Black Mamba! Uh huh huh.. Black Mamba! Uh huh huh.. Black Mamba! Uh huh huh.. Black Mamba! [RZA] Yo unbreakable steel sword swingin', face the Black Mamba Deadly Vipers, squeeze ya life out like anacondas In the story, off wit ya head, the scene is gory Single-edged steel blade made by Hattori Hanzo, you see the signature of brother Han' though? Try to strike out, you get ya arm dismantled Chief of the Yakuza's wicked like Medusa with Crazy 88's too, 'bout to meet ya maker [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ol' Dirty Bastard swordplay Dirt McGirt be pickin' up skirts on 4th and Broadway Japanese bitch be suckin' my dick Puerto Rican hoes be lickin' my split California Mountain Snake on debate be givin' my head while I'm countin' my cake, crushin' up an 8th of that snow white shit, in the Pussy Wagon not hittin' the brakes! [Masta Killa] Baaaaaamm.. hidden swordstyle hits, I wish A nigga would test the Black Mamba, in a spit like the coma Fill his Copperhead with the hollow tip lead Yo.. who wanna dance with the fertile lands' deadly state? Cottonmouth sticky from the Af' gooey Blowin' smoke through the Viper Pit Hold a listener tight, mic constrictor Words from the theater, swift as Krishner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Cappadonna, Ozzy Osbourne Album: Loud Rocks Song: For Heaven's Sake 2000 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Cno Evil [Intro] Yo, uh huh Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang [Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] You think I'm kinda crazy, but I gotta few regrets Livin like a king, with a pocket full of grits We come from different worlds, don't you ever forget I'm just a poor little white boy, showin my respect [Inspectah Deck] Like Willie Mays My eyes Purple Haze, my solar razor burn through shades My grenades raid the airwaves, catch this rap page I glide like, hovercrafts on the Everglades Boom master, with the faster blade, track slasher Manufacture poems to microphones, bones fracture Limited edition composition spark friction non-fiction, the calm bomb keep your arm distant Zero tolerance, dominant intelligence Wu original, true colors step from the melanin The most high, most try, to get close by And overthrow I, but choke, with they hopes up high I circulate the tri-state and vibrate beyond the Richter Flies sense to flock when they spot this live nigga The crowd seducer black your third eye before I lose ya Verbal high I leave stars in the eyes of Medusa Top ten, parley like Cochran, it's often Narrow margin, of your odds to dodge the marksman Murder rap, kill you soft like Roberta Flack Words attack like a british bulldog, observe the stacks [Masta Killa] Now all pay tribute to this entity A spark that surges through the undergrowth overwhelmin the populace from the entry The Wu-Tang Dynasty, has emerged From this elite fleet I was appointed to strike the vital nerve Mouths tend to utter and speak empty words Observe the magnetic attraction as we breathe Seeds of MC's at these fake ass industry niggaz Feed off, the chrome mic tend to squeeze off and spray An array of shots that travel downwind Just respect pyrhiffic pen as I send, the minds of the weak To rise and take power I blew tower-ing over the land as we stand, expanding our CREAM A dollar to every grain of sand Let the mind use the physical as planned [Cappadonna] Beirut Try to comprehend check out my new suit Gods blend aim take fire pure destruction Dissapear from here, my year, drop the stupid LP's everywhere Fallin out the sky tall sniper Raps by Cappadonna hit the countryside Poetry whirlpool, RZA and True collide We produce article exception to the rule We the black men that struck oil, the hardboiled Cats that made that Watergate thing go spoiled The heavy-handed, locked down stranged with Cyrus Wu Pirates, sneak inside the club, low eyes Low down dirty, twelve thirty, night time crawlers Off-the-wallers, basketball gun brawlers Smoked out throw both fists for nine-seven Slang reverand, put the best work in "Oh, baby" "Oh, baby" Wu, yo "Oh, baby" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan (RZA, Masta Killa), System Of A Down (S.O.A.D.) Album: Loud Rocks * Song: Shame Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com * Loud Records "rock" cover versions of rap songs Intro: Serj Tankian (RZA) {Masta Killa} I fuck yo ass up I fuck yo ass up (fuck him up son) I fuck yo ass up (fuck him up son) {Wu for life} I fuck yo ass up (fuck him up!) Chorus: Serj Tankian Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga Wu buck wild with the trigger! Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga Yo I'll fuck ya ass up! [Serj Tankian] Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut! S.O.A.D., live and uncut! Styles unbreakable, shatterproof To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot! BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't fuck the style Ruthless wild! Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked the FUCK out? Wanna get on it like that, well then shout! Lasers, amazers Hit me with the major The damage, my Clan understand it be flavor Gunnin, hummin comin atcha First I'm gonna getcha, once I gotcha, I gat-cha You could never capture the eneman stature For rhyme and for rapture, got niggaz resigning, now master My style? Never! I put the fucking muck in the wild kid Let's get together! Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga (2X) Chorus [RZA] Drunk like 20 white boys in the back of a pick up truck With hockey pucks and skateboards on their way to Woodstock Leave home the glock, and have a gun the size of a black hole Two planets, don't get frantic Throw your hands up in the hair, don't panic Supreme Arm Leg Leg Arm Head, Wu-Tang Clan as tight as strong dread Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga (2X) Chorus [Serj Tankian] Come wit that ol' loco Style from my vocal Couldn't peep it with a pair of bi-focals I'm no joker! Play me as a joker Be on you like a house on fire! Smoke ya! Crews be actin like they gangs, anyway Be like, "Warriors! Come out and playiyay!" Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea Got burnt once, but that was only gonorrhea Dirty, I keep shit stinks in my drawers So I can get fzza-funky for yah Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang RAHH! Here comes the Tiger verse Crane! Ow, be like wild with my style Punk! You playing me, chump, you get DUMPED WU! Is comin THROUGH! At a theatre near YOU! And get funk like a SHOE! Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga (2X) Chorus I'll fuck ya ass up (4x) Bitch! [RZA] Fuck his ass up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan, Kool G. Rap Album: The Man with the Iron Fists O.S.T. Song: Rivers of Blood Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: RZA] The Chinese have a saying; "Dangerous men will meet in narrow streets" And so it was, Wu will raise between the Clans And that meant pressure on me, to make more weapons And as word of the gold shipment spread Strangers suddenly appeared in Jungle Village [Raekwon] Aiyo, aiyo, machete's still stainless, the archbishop run from the narcs A crisp biscuit, plus play the heart, wrist glisten Cool captain, catch me in Africa, blacked down With four, five Somalians, black Timbs Rubber suit Wonder Woman, bangles and blue Coupe I'm usually up on the roof, counting mad loot Root beer reefer, T-frame, doing my one-two Smoking with a plain Jane trooper Excellent with rifles, out in Japan, in a flight goose Switchblade that poke out the night boost Flustered on the bullet train with chains on Getting my train on, thunder money make bread brainstorm All this is made for the Forbes list, whores get pissed Aiyo, he fucked me out his drawers, he dissed me All this is calculated, the Batman of the Blackhand Mafia money, killas who rock tans [Chorus 2X: U-God] Bone, crushing, smooth, kicks Blades, chopping, through, bricks Master of the weaponry, sells to both clicks Blacksmith, with the Iron Fists [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, yo, rigamortis, I watch your body rot to the bone structure Scrape out your brain watch your eyeballs rupture Black magic, leave your fucking skull in a soup pot Makaveli, vamoose like 2Pac Suicidal tendencies, downing white Hennessey Look in the book, I'm the definition of menace, B Choking niggas out for no reason, it's Duck Seazon I'm cold as ice, six degrees below freezing Stay dipped, rock a striped shirt like Freddy Krueger You'se a baby piranha surrounded by barracudas Seven thirty, I'm more like six o'clock Straight up and down, beating niggas til there's blood in the socks Ox' and duff 'em, stuff 'em in black bags Without getting no blood on my fresh rags Ruthless, heart of a stone, born with no emotions I piss out brouhahas, poisonous potions [Chorus 2X] [Kool G. Rap] Yeah, it's the three deadly venoms, with weapons in the denims Some shit that'll shake windows and break late tenants Come left field, aim crooked, and just straight blaze in 'em Have you niggas with straight legs, with a fake leg in 'em Wolf in sheep's clothing, nah, I'm scoping a tender lamb Spin you bitches like a ballroom dinner dance G mode, dress code, got suspended plans Russian roulette, money bet, go and spend your chance You little fleas, the Killa Beez and army ants EMS cut up your jeans like zombie pants Hollow chrome to your collar bone, pinned against a dope beat That sound like the first key on the xylophone Grown men discussing death in the mildest tone See how quick the smiley faces turn solid stone Ghostface, Rae and G be the wildest known We straight street, but we keep a seat in the palace throne [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan, Cappadonna Album: The Man with the Iron Fists O.S.T. Song: Six Directions of Boxing Typed by: Cno Evil [sample] Are we not the strongest? Huh? I say we move with power and strike now! [Intro: U-God] Yo, it's like this, yo [U-God] When I'm locked down I use Timbs as my shower slippers I'm in the background, mingling with the powder flippers In the basement, hard body, power lifters I crush shower in the sifters, see how I lift her? Universal God, I stay scientific The Kid with the Golden Arms, Iron Fister Stay Asiatic, so cinematic Noise in the attic, bang out with them automatics It's hood politics, that bring the hunger back I'm straight chopping wood, call me the lumberjack Check the catalog, put out a hundred packs Watch for drug sniffing dogs, they coming from the back I'm straight thunder clap, the funky drummer's back It's pure Dopium, give 'em a heart attack I stay stacking plaques, like ancient artifacts Joe Namath in the game, I'm the quarterback [Ghostface Killah] Yo, eight balls of coke, blunt to the greenery Pounds in the trunk, get you a concrete scenery Hand made ox'll get you duffed in the mess hall Snitch niggas run to C.O.'s to confess all This is street knowledge, now that I school college Like a speech from The GZA, sharp like The RZA Go run with a scissor, nigga, the true fizzer Truth number, drop a few jewels in the booth Used to boost cracks, stuff 'em inside of a tennis ball And throw 'em when they rushing the block, trust no cops Driving around with two mitts in my socks Cooked coke'll get you more trouble then money Don't crawl with the dust juice, the pigs is hungry You think they ain't watching, they watching, while you uptown copping Back home, while you cooking and chopping They scheming on the block, waiting to get it popping [GZA] He had a sword and an ax that cuts Under a robe that was woven from silver and gold and waxed it up His army was so great, the quantity His crops and life stock, boost the economy Many will travel by boat to see him His image adorn most schools and coliseums A merchant hustle those silk and velvets Portrait illuminated when the torch was well light Picture so beautiful painted, that One thought agree to move, cuz it will leave a mood Or energy, you see his wife practice yoga Made herbal enhancers that have saved the soldiers God with treasures, in the chambers, halls and votes Well prepared for all assaults, heavy guarded village Armed with the sharpest weapons, designed to pierce And cause blood spillage [Masta Killa] From a young teen, my murder team inspired by crimes See Allah Just' granted permission, for my position So now I write rhymes escaping this repetitive cycle Swinging dimes, losing time, doing hard time Teaching ya'll mathematically, come see The epitome of what you wanna be, M.C. My semi auto gun, mandatory at the sound clash The mic touch, dance mouth shut, pounds of the best Green, glass bottles of Don, I sip the liquor slow Flow so devastating when I go solo Even when I'm dolo, pretty gun I'm holding Head swollen off the solid gold soul Iron Mic Pole beat your face like you stole something, trust me Livin' life royalty, all wise and healthy Welcome to the best of me, from knowledge to infinity Never stopping my trajectory, I'm galactic [Cappadonna] Yo, peace to all of the Gods and all of the earths We've been building like this ever since the first day of birth The more I start to build, the better I feel Keep ignorant niggas from me, use dummies for shield You not God body, son, you just garbage and real snotty Cherry head gaylords still stuck in the lobby This the first now born, son, I'm blessed with mad lessons Conquer crazy devils, my mind is a weapon You can't fast with me, and avoid the swine You degenerate MC, I'm the best of mankind Allah U Akbar, straight jews and real stars I'm down with The RZA, got help for the widow son Pop off on you, you ain't nothing to me dunn-dunn Original Taizeen, holy water, the Visine Designated wordplay, God respect my dean Shine on little stars and respect the queen [Inspectah Deck] New York Giant, call me Deck Umenyiora Fresh with the water connect, two and a quarter Deal with the dealer, don't trust the transporter My job is done, once I get into the border Pedico, coke game is kilos of cocaine Hypodermic needle to the groove, I dose veins Overdose ya, you know the product is raw, right? Lines take you there like I wrote it with off white Got 'em bent up, hands looking like a tin cup Sorry, no consignment, get your ends up Move from the gate now, he on his way straight to Jake, now I'm on the hush, but my weight loud Got the shakes now, how they want it, bad Five or six heads, chippin' in for a bag I got the works like a burger deluxe Get you fixed while I'm serving it up, word to us [sample] Are we not the strongest? Huh? Are we not the strongest? Huh? Are we not the strongest? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Street Life Album: Next Friday soundtrack Song: Shaolin Worldwide Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com 	"Who's the knucklehead wantin respect?" -- Ghostface 	{sample repeats in background of Street's intro} Intro: Street Life, (Method Man) Yo, yo Never doubt the Life (EHHHH! YO!) Yo Who the fuck are you to criticize me? Yo, I slap, yo, I slap dick ta ya wifey Yo (respect, that's my word) [Street Life] Another Wu tradition, Street vision, listen All my life I've been poverty stricken Always took what's mines, never was given a second chance just to rap sheet a bad decision You can't knock the hustle or the life that I'm livin Quick to stick the clip in, blow you out position Street juridictions, nigga, no restriction Concrete composition for emcee's in submission Special edition crash course mission Push through like the task force and crush all competition See you from a distance, dry snitchin, whisperin Greet your man posted up like two little bitches When you get the heart, step live or catch stitches Or find yourself with Del, sleepin with the fishes I got no love for fans that's fake ass niggas I can't stand the bid when it's all in my business Wu-Tang Forever and a day, don't get it twisted I get lifted, I just shoot somethin from hot buscuit These street kids, we can't lost, we terrorize you district Leave no finger prints and no survivin witness Chorus: Method Man Nowhere to run to, nowhere to hide (Yo, yo Math!) It's them kids from the otherside "Shaolin" Worldwide Street Life, Homocide, nowhere to run to Nowhere to hide, boo, we P.L.O. Fo' sho', if it don't flow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it don't blow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it ain't dough, gotta go Some didn't listen 'til my gun went BLOW! [Inspectah Deck] Yo, thoughts sharper than a Japanese Kitana Ninja coma, pirahnas crack teeth on my armor Scadalous, I ran contra-bomber, stalker like rebels of Rwanda Death before dishonor, snake charmer, persona of one who makes drama Godfather 4 type saga, tuckin a revolver in my Parker Bombin unprepared for departure, might talk but strike harder Fear the bow of the silent archer Sure shotter, pass the rock to your starter Poison darter, news photographers document the horror While I bounce Shaunda with Tiwana and I from blue Honda Honorable scholar, rockwilder, rip mic's for top dollar Your highnes, the crowd hollar Got your head rock, feel the brain trauma Crowd sponser, hotter than Bahama steam saunas The Rebel of opera, popped off the choclate and the ?gosha? Monster truck crush you imposters Chorus: Method Man Nowhere to run to, nowhere to hide It's them kids from the otherside "Shaolin" Worldwide I.N.S., Homocide, nowhere to run to Nowhere to hide, boo, we P.L.O. Fo' sho', if it don't flow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it don't blow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it ain't dough, gotta go Some didn't listen 'til my gun went BLOW! [Method Man] I'm the four mic emcee with five mic potential Overlooked cuz y'all can't understand what I been thru You ain't got to love me, or even pretend to Actin like the street, they ain't got no street credentials Crack villians, raps be killin instrumentals The caps pealin and slap a feelin out ya dental Underground, sound, for ghetto residentials Up shit's creek lookin for some more shit to get into Got the Clan jewels as I continue to serve you everythin on that's on the menu with Chef John Jacob, remember Sunz Of Man told you Wake Up? My nigga smell the coffee, I'm too hardcore to kill softly Come to free the mind and get the bullshit up off me The Jedi, only use The Force if ya force me Shaolin What? Don't get it fucked up and cross me Rappers gettin stuck for actin stuck up and flossy Say it ain't so! Bust the callico Rap from the Island called Stat', here we go Chorus: Method Man Nowhere to run to, nowhere to hide It's them kids from the otherside "Shaolin" Worldwide Method Man, Homocide, nowhere to run to Nowhere to hide, boo, we P.L.O. Fo' sho', if it don't flow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it don't blow, gotta go Fo' sho', if it ain't dough, gotta go Some didn't listen 'til my gun went BLOW! 	"wantin respect--wantin respect" -- Ghostface 	"Who's the knucklehead wantin respect?" -- Ghostface 	"wantin respect--wantin respect" -- Ghostface 	"wantin respect, sharpest niggas in the..." -- Ghostface The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Oz soundtrack Song: What You in Fo' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash .. {*jail interlude*} ..  [RZA] Son I just slapped my bitch Came to my crib 'bout half past six Kid's in shitty diapers, no food was fixed I was like, "Yo bitch - why ain't no food fixed?" She on the phone with her friend talkin bout dick I snatched the receiver from that bitch like CLICK She got all excited, tryin to throw fit Swung at me then I swung back - BITCH! [Method Man] What you in fo'? It happened in the club with some thugs I was at the bar, smokin bud, hollerin at love Ladybug was playin in my peachfuzz, she was Talkin hot fudge, can't nobody do it like she does in the hot tub - didn't know her man was in the club And honey dove never mentioned that she had a scrub It must have been the drugs or the alcohol buzz, had me shootin my game like a thirty-eight snub baby Let's cut a rug, that's when I felt a shove What the blood do - actin like he won the Golden Gloves I get one for holdin grudge, but if this kid throw a slug I'ma throw a slug - that's how we be rollin cuz I see this dud tryin to play me like a pair of Lugz Big John Stud, Goldschlager in a golden mug What you in fo'? .. {*jail interlude*} ..  [Streetlife] I'm locked down for tryin to hold my block down since a shorty The Old Earth was like, "Street put the glock down" I was raised in slums, love how the gun sounds and now I got one - c'mon, who wanna front now? Sunup to sundown, ready for showdown Whoever wanna throw down, the gangsters better slow down Wake up, before you be in a cell with forty of us (What you in fo'?) In for murder over money love and lust (What you in fo'?) In for life, don't let me tell you twice I might bang you twice and take double the life What you in fo'? [Raekwon the Chef] Jail status - get up Wash a nigga mattress faggot, you heard about me right? Pass off them packages cat, you gotta eat to live Meet the crib; got a hundred starvin niggaz in here big So pop off, drugs that's props, bring in glocks we call 'em oxes Be a real live nigga, swing mops and shit, take over shit Fuck the C.O.'s, aiyyo Boo, I need clothes Slide brokers where phones get hid Fuck with Russians and Latins The most powerful marble black slipper style Goin out thrashin niggaz, kicks get thrown Big sizes, sleep in your boots, 4000 rugged F Troops Notarized wigs, lay six months That's alright dog, make it home Lord Heard you admit it in the box, slid it under walls Bang monster anger Bop through the halls with bangers Live God like the Abbot of all chambers.. .. {*jail interlude*} .. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Protect Ya Neck/Method Man 12" Song: Method Man (Home Grown Version) 1,2 Uhh 1,1 1,2 Uhh 1,1 M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN Verse One: Hey, you, get off my cloud You don't know me and you don't know my style Who be gettin flam when they come to a jam? Here I am here I am, the Method Man Patty cake patty cake hey the method man Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan Peanut butter, cuz I'm not butter In fact I snap back like a rubber band, I be Sam, Sam I am And I dont eat green eggs and ham Style will hit ya, wham!, then goddamn  You be like oh shit that's the jam Turn it up now hear me get buckwu-wu-wild I'm about to blow light me up Upside downside inside and outside Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt I am, the one and only Method Man The master of the plan wrappin shit like Saran Wrap, with some of this and some of that Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat Over there, but I think he best to beware Of the diggy dog shit right here Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo Like Deck said this aint your average flow Comin like rah ooh ah achie kah Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw The poetry's in motion coast to coast and Rub it on your skin like lotion What's the commotion, oh my lord Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword Hey hey hey like Fat Albert It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it It's the Method Man Uhh, like that baby paw Uhh I got, fat bags of skunk I got, White Owl blunts And I'm about to go get lifted Yes I'm about to go get lifted I got, myself a forty I got, myself a shorty And I'm about to go and stick it Yes I'm about to go and stick it Verse Two: Uhh H-U-F-F huff and I puff Blow like snow when the cold wind blow then Zoom, I hit the mic like boom Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it go Question what exactly is a panty raider Ill behaviour savior or major flavor All of the above oh yeah plus I do so Also flam I'm the man call me super Not an average Joe with an average flow Doing average things with average hoes Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm For my, Su-per Sperm Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked I smell sess pass the Method Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics Missles and shoot game like a pistol Clip is loaded when I click bang dang A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain J-U-M-P jump and I thump Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me Child, the whole damn isle is callin me P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't fry Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me Cuz, Ooh I be the super sperm Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie Freak a flow and flow fancy free Now how many licks does it take For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang Fadin motherfuckers like bleach So to each and every crew You're clear like glass I can see right through You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd and ya didnt have friends to begin with I'm M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN Yes I am Verse Three: Uhh, Uhh Rappers crossing over to that R&B jinx Walk around town like your shit don't stink Take it from me, hey G, you don't amaze me Shot me at point blank range but only grazed me Nothing mental, just plain and simple Lyrics you bust couldn't bust a fucking pimple Come here kid, what, let me tell you something Your like change of a penny, nothing Wham, Oh shit, God Damn Skippy, hit me, man I get flam Better yet hectic, wreck shit, I'm rowdy Like a license check this be Audi Tippy tippy tum tippy tah tippy tum Direct from the Shaolin Slum, here I come Straight from the top, the cock, yo I'm fed up I put it in your ear and fuck your whole head up Wu-Tang's gang bang, up your butt crack and Straight from Staten, silky like satin Used to break clicks with stones and sticks Nowadays we do it with the Macs and clips The Method, Man The Method, Man The Method, Man Yes I am, Yes I am M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN Uhh, 92 for the Wu Now how brothers want it With salt or butter, motherfucker A doo-doo chop, a doo-doo chop, a doo-doo chop chop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Def Jam's Rush Hour Soundtrack Song: And You Don't Stop Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, now we're gonna give a shout out, knowumsayin'? Def Jam, knowumsayin'? Niggas like Method Man, Redman Say all the artists here, knowumsayin'? Bacon Lot, knowumsayin'? I don't need no introductions, Cat Whuuuuut I'm sittin' in my west, I'm analyzin' thoughts I'm sippin' off a quart that I just had bought I'm thinkin' of the moment, things soar in that head I feel assurin' durin', also glad Yes, feel assured by knowin' I won Cuz there's no one who can fuck wit A-Sun I'm not bein' pushy but I'm born to boss You need A-Sun, oh yes, well of course Don't see the riot, everyone keeps quiet If you don't believe nigga, get hyper and try it Yes it is me, a total fresh MC Yo, I'm born to be, MC history Rhyming on time because that's the deal You're only as fresh as your ass feel Other MC's, you are bound to fall Cuz your real world is not a world at all 1 - [Street]  	Drunken Master, styles causin' street disaster 	Blaze cut faster than a fairy slasher 	Tai-chi, Kung Fu fighting, ODB hands quick as lightenin' 	Techique too deadly 	Iron fist blew the pawn, switch styles like lay long 	Let's get it on, heavy chow broke, it's not 'bout 	Shadow boxin', better punch, you need oxegen, try again 	When you catch the second wind, I'll break you in [Masta Killa] Approach the mic slow, it's about to blow One foot crow crane, anti-chain movement Restore the ming, some take this thing for joke Serious men deep in thought, misunderstood, held the fork He's too defensive, too mean, you didn't, now it's a scene These cats over here got glock holdin' him down These niggas scheming, I'm seeing everything Ten steps ahead, on the wall smokin' my Agent high told best friend of the wine [Method Man] Still drunk offa cheap wine Holdin' front lines, niggas wanna front, fine Fuck wit me and mine, rain on your sunshine Swine nigga's come as hard as a pork rind Can you dig it? Only five percent live it While the rest of you fake niggas try to get it Now fuck around Repeat 1 [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Down wit the All In Together Now Crew The GZA, the RZA, me of course too The thing I'm analyzing is strickly Hip Hop That's what's made, well made is on my workshop You was unable plus earn advance Just to touch the untouchable kip hop dance They're sayin' of the utmost, truly I'm the utmost Have you ever caught the hip hop holy ghost Man, I mean really, that shit is mad hype Especially when you find yourself rhymin' over mics I became a wrecker through my amplifier Break it down base, treble through my dancer That's one new dance, it's to my Black Magic music It's not classic, arabic, or basic It's strickly thickly, dirty and districkly If not don't you pick me and forget me Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Soul in the Hole soundtrack Song: Diesel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon the Chef] So yo yo all I want to do is just tell them cats On the real, keep your game high man, keep it up Word up, never stop your goals man, yaknowhatI'msayin? (For real baby) And, yo son, on the real I'ma get a sneaker just like y'all [Ol Dirty Bastard] I need help      Because the black man is God The government is after me  And the worst is, black man is the Devil I need help      So this is to bring everything in the Someone help me please   universe within the light Someone help me!    Understanding They already did 2Pac   My children, all six billion humans Biggie Smalls     on the planet Earth Someone help me!    Regardless of who or what, I love you Someone help me please!   Word is bond, I love you Ahh! I'ma groupie for life, about nine wife All the babies are mine, save a child life No more doctors deliverin my babies Stick in pins killing me slowly To the President you say I'm a welfare fraud you motherfucking right! Let's burn this dark house white! Insecure about my ding-dong, married to Babylon My queen lookin at me like a pawn! [Raekwon the Chef] Splash the worst rehearse a verse Flashdance on the universe Televise the work Network Shop til your neck hurt Whattup Dirt, nine diagram phoenix on your sweatshirt Thirty-thousand went bezerk, it's like clockwork Rockport Mr. Raw God, hold the fort Collect thoughts, elect sports, sideswipe, by the white horse French cut, gleamin in the Benz truck, whattup Tellin my mens what? Ten times platinum and we ends up draped out, jumpin out a cake, now throw your tape out Furniture style, holdin the mic we got it laid out Mind iodine Einstein remind mine People swam nine didn't know they own kind wrong time Denim rap, competition quick, handle that Suckin the jim hat, pervertin on my raps'll get you slidapped Mix drink Cuban Link lizink, flip a to zinc Plus, expensive like a roman mink, now think [Ol Dirty Bastard] An ugly thirty-six chamber degree, what, you wanna rhyme? Deep bring 600 ABC through the love white hate line I'm telling you tornado, 42 billion thought travel The year 90's parallel, controls to the wakes I dig woman's stomach swell, my borough is dark Many lights UFO kites, Benjamin Franklin got it right Abraham I stuck your cherry tree Your white head came out my black pussy I ran Rip Van Winkle on all fours Mountains twinkle twinkle star, Tarzan in a jar And then came out Jane Flintstone in my gravel pit [Method Man] Kill the chatterin, niggaz bust shots, keep em scatterin Blood splatterin, on point like a javelin Fuck battlin, you cats is only good for babblin Imaginin yourself, as the God space travellin Round the seven rings of Saturn Got my sword plus the Abbot in the chamber, nine in the clip At the gatherin, we left you staggerin, yo it had to been Hot Nickel, who broke bread, at the Vatican Stick a pin, in a citizen, mental food, got us diggin in My compliments to the chef M-E-TH like amphatimens, yes stick it to the veteran Blaow blaow! Blown to death, take your medicines I put the sick in your mu-sick with Osirus Bound to blow like a bad sinus [Ol Dirty Bastard] Stay up at night don't sleep on your morn Rest in the day because it's sunlight Reverse thought psychology [Prince Rakeem] Child wild adventures walk trillions of square inches Ten percentage try to drain me of my mental strengthage Heavy wattage knowledge cleans blood clottage, and retardage I refine the garbage logic exterminate your cottage [U-God] Thirty-six anger, dirty language is the stranger The mangler, the honor roll singer righteous finger When we shine-a, we always find a never minor major Hard to spot we dangerous with our behavior [Prince Rakeem] Australian Venezuelaen illegal aliens Chameleons all catch the feelings we revealing Killer bee keep your mind at ease, lay back like Adam fuckin Eve Four thousand years in the garden, puffin trees [U-God] I aim slang I maintain, through the main vein The answer came clever, when we do greatness through trial and error Mile of terror motormouth, let the odor out Fumin greater, the temper in my spine huminator The super grass childish blast sleepy eye stash The hashish masterpiece, Osirus is the virus This split second splash, severe drop is near pop There's fallin teardrops, now is it worth your career? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: n/a * Song: St. Ide's *  this is the commercial Wu-Tang Clan made for St. Ide's malt liquor [Method] Oh yeah, comin through with my Shaolin crew    Two cent for a case, gimme St. Ide's brew    In the midst of broken bottles and crushed up cans    Methtical's in a jam on how dry I am [Raekwon] ... with St. Ides in my system    crack another I'm blitzed, let's go hit the next one    Hang it over, the object is to stay sober    Lay on the sofa, better yet, dial my chauffeur [Ghostface] Who's the Wallabee kid, stressed out, could never be Son    Ricochet daily hit the deli for a cold one    Naturally blessed, yes, my rap is like a laser beam    that blow between the bushes, St. Ide's and I the king of teams [U-God]  Crack the bottle of the St. Ide's, sippin to those    Who don't realize that drinkin ain't only to be drunk    You can't drive, keep my peoples alive    And if the saint don't know you from a can of paint [RZA]  It was hot, on the spot, so I jetted at the block    And I asked for St. Ide's, I could tell by the dot    On the back he rebuilt it... not that charcoal filtered    Ice cold bottle tilted... to my cup he spilt it    AAAAAAAAAAH!!! ST. IDES! mmmmmmmmmmm... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wu Music Group presents Pollen: The Swarm, Pt. 3 Song: Assed Out Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa And the Me --- yeah, yeah, come on, now, now [Method Man] What's happening? Who get it cracking like a neck snapping For the rapping, and who them fellas packing yelling Staten From the background, I back down a few Try to clown us in the past, where they at now? I'm ill as baby powder with the smackdown, for the record My brain is like the project projected, for the Method Go see my nigga Kush, he got the best shit for burning This one go out for whom it may concerning Spending they entire earning, trynna get a higher learning MC's is vermin, like E be Sermon Ya'll too determined, feeling yaself like Pee-Wee Herman While we at it, let's tighten up our grips around that cabbage Silly rabbits, how many kids'll trick you out your carrots Little bastards and ghetto bitches, I break you like a bad habit My dick is, zoo, and just too big for it's britches Uh, so fuck a mister and your misses Cottonmouth niggas etched out like Merry Christmas, that all Uh-huh, be home *bell rings* [Method Man] Knock, knock, who is it, Tical I pop digit My block too hot to visit, round here, you gots to live it MC's, you must admit it, I'm deadly on this mic life Think back on this premise, anyone of ya'll can get in I breeze, backwords sleeves and THC I bleed, kamikazes and forty OZ's America's Most, the better the smoke, the better the quotes For cheddar, Meth'll sever the throat, whatever the coast I'm home, let the sun shine on, get his grind on And get some phone time, everytime I'm in your timezone Look here, it's crooked letter I, ya'll don't meet nothing but crooks here It's hot in hell's kitchen, get your cookware, for goodness MC's is like that shit chicks be gushing For pushing, got me tooken down to Central Booking I stick out, as if Tical just walked up in the party with my dick out And I'm prepared to take the shit I dish out "When you realize that what you got ain't what you want" - sample [GZA] On the, yo, on the expressway, suddenly, I un-hit the breaks A mistake, patrol figure just, ran the plates I pull to the shoulder, a half mile ahead The vibe got colder when the marksman said "Yo, you in the truck, get the fuck out your car Put your hands where my eyes could see, not far" A fat slob, with pepperspray in the canister Donut shop lounger, nine mil brandisher Plus my half pound just rang the bell Of the bloodhound, had an acute sense of smell I guess he was tired of the strip and booking whores Moving off a tip he's claimed he's looking for Some MC's wanted for a string of break-ins Last seen wearing lonk minks and snakeskins The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Kardinal Offishal Album: The W (Import Version) Song: Careful (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, ShrooMShaDyX@aol.com [Kardinal Offishial] Hey yo somethin in the Dot went BANG BANG Uh-huh the T-Dot went BANG BANG Hey yo Somethin in the Dot went BANG BANG Word up the T-Dot went Bang Let's Go.. yo yo yo aiyyo FIYAH on the government, FIYAH pon Babylon FIYAH pon this corrupted land on which we walkin on Ice grills melt into a puddle in the struggle Niggaz try to bust back but get juked by undercovers You wonder why so many niggaz out there sellin crack because police allow that They add that to their paper stack, aiyyo People are you ready, YO, are you really ready, YO Many need to know about ghettos in the T dot O The news people try to pretty up the scene but my peoples gettin killed out there, seen? (SEEN!) None of y'all niggaz can talk about peace when Palestinian youth throwin rocks at police In the street we talk shit, a lot of young punks with guns with dollars while the ghetto yout's have no funds The devils in this world always dress up as nuns Kardinal Offishal, fire starter volume one.. CAREFUL [RZA] Wait, hold up, chill, what's that son? Damn.. nigga got fucked, shit, huh?! By his back, watch nigga run Seven the center of your eight point sun Hold tight grip on the +God-U..Now+ you best be careful! Can't dodge two (??) aimed at your domepiece +Father-U-C-King+ police!! [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum [Masta Killa] Yo Rae it's been a long time son since we bust Gunclap +Glaciers+, ran the world and snatched paper Return to the 36th Chamber Proceed with caution as you enter We have an A.P.B., on an MC Killer Looks like the work of a Masta!! [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. Up in the boss game wildin, money for grabs I ain't fuckin with crabs, out of state copped two labs Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave. Stab you with the vocab, catch me at the big dough rehab Tryin to re-up, keep my feet up Snake niggaz in the cut, hold the product Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust Niggaz you can't trust, dealin with lust Seen him at the ballgames with James Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini G-Deini, razoni noodles sprinkled on your embry' Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel slid through Bethlehem bong on one wheel Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the 60's Granddaddy Caddy was coppin 6 G's Begosh all that Oshkosh jumpers Pink Champelle, brown paper bags, wall to wall bumpers [U-God] These (??) camera guys, cause, turn your eyes Sweat on the hammer fly, ways, of the Samurai Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs Sonic bionic lens, RZA console Is it Bush or the Dole, front row of the superbowl Black gold in my soul, on a hoe stroll Don't go boy you on parole you don't know? [Inspectah Deck] Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Made 'em throw they hands up, but then lay flat Rat pack eat up, the average alley cat Prepare for the impact when we contact Known to drop backs that crack your hard hat Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I Make your head spin like chrome 20's on the buggy-I Benz Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends Who's your rhymin hero? Wu-Tang rules again Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLACK CLACK [Cappadonna] Yo somethin in the street went, BANG BANG Makin it hard for you to do your THANG THANG Somethin in the street went, BANG BANG.. [Ghostface Killah] Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} Somethin in the hole went {Click Click} The boxcutter went {Click Click} [U-God] Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum Somethin in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Ms. Roxy (a.k.a. Roxanne) Album: White Label 12" Song: Reunited (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@IName.Com [Ol' Dirty Bastard *singin*]	[RZA] Reunited cuz it feels so good Yo, yo, niggaz ain't shit Reunited cuz we're understood Your bitch ain't shit There's one perfect thing and Your momma ain't shit children this one is it   Your daddy ain't shit We both we're so excited cuz You ain't shit we're reunited, hey! hey!  Niggaz ain't shit         Your momma ain't shit         Your daddy ain't shit         You ain't shit, you ain't shit         Yo, yo [GZA] Reunited, double LP, world excited Struck a mass to the underground, industry ignited from metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth Wicked niggaz come, try to burglarize the turf Scattin off soft-ass beats, them niggaz rap happily Tragically, that style, de-ter-iate, rapidly Uncompleted missions, throwin your best known compositions You couldn't add it up, if you mastered addition Where I come from, gettin visual is habitual De-mon-strate walkin on hot coal, in rituals I splash the paint on the wall, it formed the mural He took a look, saw the manifestation of it, was plural Rhymin while impaired, dart hit your garment Pierced your internals, streamlined compartments Just consider the unparallel advantage of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm known on the microphone as the rap professor Casual dresser, you may dress fresher The way that I speak this shit is energetic My physique of meat is quick atheletic Remove all MC's who disapprove that my funky fresh particle always have the groove You're jealous over me because you're not a competitor You're just a donor, I'm the rap editor Tryin to rock the mic when you get an appetite All negative on the mic, I dislike Try to rock the mic but only will reduce Try to get loose, you juice as a youth Not knowin to yourself that you shall be frozen I'm the MC warrior, who has been chosen to rock and shock beats, polite when I recite Sulfur MC's, you are down right, out right Try to be talkative, there's no alternative Hide until I forgive, this motive I am unique with the perfected physique The objective of my rhyme is my own technique I maintain the paradise on this Earth with the shut the fuck up style for what this shit is worth Watch a nigga catch a purse Super-hero niggaz die Do my dirt, get away and multiply You bitches, ya nice guys Always want bitch, because ya need mine I pleased on how I get up on the stage and fuck up the show Cuz nobody can't fuck with me! You bootleggin buyin motherfuckers, don't do that with me with all these child-support cases I got, I needs my money! Earl for ages, a 100 and down, sacrifice ya baby to the underground The best kept secret, how does it feel to be boxin in like a skeleton, growin back ya skin? When I was young, I was taught how to produce the science of babies gettin loose I turned white boys to Springsteen spruce Black to spooks, gave the Chinese Bruce I can't help it if my style is foggy, monster boogie Get ya high on my patio, all come to see me movie Bicthes, you're walkin on my dirt We ain't sayin nuthin I whisper in ya ear, make ya blink cold Pert Love potion, plenty bones I put up What!? What!? What!? What!? You know what time it is, mothefuckers! [Ol' Dirty Bastard *singing*] [Ms. Roxy] Reunited and it feels so good It's Wu mothefuckers Reunited cuz we're understood ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers There's one perfect thing and children this one is it We both we're so excited cuz we're reunited, hey! hey! It's Wu motherfuckers          ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers          It's Wu motherfuckers          ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers 				 It's Wu motherfuckers          ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I want to give a big shout out to the Wu-Tang Clan. We holdin it down. YouknowI'msayin? I also want to show mad love to Puffy cuz you holdin it down. Master P, you holdin it down. KnowI'msayin? Dr.Dre, you holdin it down. Give Snoop my love, E-40. MC Eiht, West Coast, word is bond. This is family, I don't give a fuck! Striaght up. It's Dirt Dog, nigga! Y'all niggaz know how the fuck I get down! knowI'msayin? I'm here to represent this shit! KnowImean? I love y'all niggaz! Motherfucker, my stomach hurts! Bitch, I got to go! (ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deadly Venoms f/ Wu-Tang Clan 	(Cappadonna, GZA, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Street Life) Album: The Antidote/Protect Ya Neck Collection, Vol. 1 Song: The Earthquake a/k/a One More to Go Typed by: Tha Masta 	"5...4...3...2...1...0"   *explosion* [Inspectah Deck] Yea, this is the poisonous, venomous Killa bee, queen bee connection Live and direct Shaolin, BK, QB, Boogie Down, wherever you found Yo, yo, Deadly Venom is how we end em Mast avenge em, no friend of him bend em in half for enterin My comrodery move like tight security Known to tear the club up plus the after party On the battle field catch a body With no fair warnin, my queen bee connect swarm on em Primate, hold your mic straight before you challenge me Your light weight and only force me to cause casualty Battery packs catch match mines with the solar powered they get over powered shower with rhymes just like white lines of powder Feel the realness from bein solo with this crowd here [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, we takin no shorts for sure Comin through, smash you mother fuckers to floor Whoever wanted war, yo, bring it If you got the sword, I'ma swing it Slither back to the pit when my phone started ringin Yo, Come here, what's up, niggaz rock to get stuck Niggaz runnin through the chamber we aint givin a fuck Cuz I'm deadly, I'ma set the pace like a medly Relay, who could match the venom on the replay [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Aiyyo, the bitch nice and catch crack like dice Give em a double order of man slaughter on the tape recorder Fuck the law and order, tape muffled and distorted All you heard was murderous shots, the rest was pre-recorded The jury voted, I'm a free venom, hittin niggaz with the momentum Even villains wanna get up in em The feelin's devious from the breathious The way we leavin this is sure to make snakes hiss [Method Man] It be I, the most high, fly robin fly Keep a close eye on Johnny 5, I'll be comin live >From New York, it's saturday night So it's only right, I step to the phony types See em at the party actin hard, but the hardly a threat to the vet Once you start me, no stoppin, no pardon me No coppin a plea, I beat you in the head, third degree What's the science, the 411, can't do me none Still ghetto, I rhyme ghetto, my brother's ghetto Never say die and never settle For anythin less than what the devil posess I'm like MOP to the death Now who is Johnny Blaze, Mr. Meth Mother fuckers [Chorus: Finesse of Deadly Venoms, (Cappadonna)] Hittin fever, come with the raw Deadly Venom meet the Wu, no more to come, now what is left to do (Ghetto collaborations, such a deadly combination Face to face, Shakin your earth, rockin your nation) [Champ MC of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, Sons of fishes rollin with a devious Clan I got a master plan here to blast your man Gettin lyrical, fightin your feelin deep in your mental Like a pencil all in your brain, killin your spiritual The original, fishin yall, rollin with a bunch of criminals Street gunner, Venom strike like thunder This some shit that'll stop your hunger Ready for war, like me let you get a taste of the raw Comin through with the Clan so you won't get far Batters and scars, all respect due to the gods And my queen killa bees just collectin that cheese Overseas, gettin ready for the year 2G, DVs (Poison Clan rocks the world) [Cappadonna] (The Pillage!!) Yo, I'm a great comodity, for see me The great unchained magnetic Release mine, fuck yall, piece mine together To the third power, hit yall like may flowers Scandal, slash three felonies to be the one six vandal >From Park Hill, Shaolin put the work in Dusk do us dawn, Lebanon Don Don't sleep on the adversary Mental niggaz stalk yall out on the ferry You got trapped in between pillars And the venoms, cherry heads are minimum [N-Tyce of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, projects of elimination We jack some like Rhythm Nations Got your hard speed like we drag racin We lab replacin, but tried to avoid a confrontation You kind of mixed up like Tiger Woods with that combination I ain't called no names, here's a hint Niggaz with no names, antique things, gold chains Do admire the visual, 'bout the coolest cat in Carolina Individual, everythin digital, like Bobby I'm lovin all them kung-fu flicks, poison em lively I'm quickly on the run through clicks, but fast in a hurry We I smash, leave your vision blurry Tryin to make the bill like Murray [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Yo, on the french kiss, sour than blood, hotter than piss You ventriliquist talkin out your ass like this Cuz I insist that you don't wanna show the tape of the hits I told yall, I crush yall on the tape like Quake You tweaky trick, wanna violate, great, Wu and Venom annihilate Don't hesitate to push the rhymes like weight You Shake, Jake thing [Street Life] Yo, PLO, when the guns blow, you'se a no show, homo Holdin like a scarecrow with no dough Street pro's move through the metro Rapidly my faculty quick to blow the boost out your battery My african queen bees is backin me, shuttin down your salary J-Boo twist another Daquiri, fifty steamboat float Flow on this scenario, hydro thoughts lick off like a callico [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Let's get it on, mic's get blown when you step into my zone Heads get flown for tryin to clone I take that, lie you on your back like you wanna go on For one, there's no part, hold on, like float on I keep it tight, rip all sides to a square You ain't seen no thugs like these no where I swear, you wanna test me, who can it be Rollin with the Fam, Wu-Tang, DVs [GZA] Yo, I dead MC's with this poisonous venom Return and send em, wack niggaz is in em The secretly analyzed, this shit is live I see the allies tryin to stalk the bee hive Forgot the deadly stingin was major bell ringin Too strong for niggaz with eyes closed and slingin Make your point, spot your target and zoom in Before its too late, saw the snake through his hand shake Aimin your darts at a click you can't handle Attack with the paint stones and travel on camel A warm sigh as you cross the barrier But my storm side, will destroy ya area [Chorus x2] (Poison Clan rocks the world Poison Clan rocks the world) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deadly Venoms f/ Wu-Tang Clan 	(Cappadonna, GZA, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Street Life) Album: The Antidote/Protect Ya Neck Collection, Vol. 1 Song: The Earthquake a/k/a One More to Go Typed by: Tha Masta 	"5...4...3...2...1...0"   *explosion* [Inspectah Deck] Yea, this is the poisonous, venomous Killa bee, queen bee connection Live and direct Shaolin, BK, QB, Boogie Down, wherever you found Yo, yo, Deadly Venom is how we end em Mast avenge em, no friend of him bend em in half for enterin My comrodery move like tight security Known to tear the club up plus the after party On the battle field catch a body With no fair warnin, my queen bee connect swarm on em Primate, hold your mic straight before you challenge me Your light weight and only force me to cause casualty Battery packs catch match mines with the solar powered they get over powered shower with rhymes just like white lines of powder Feel the realness from bein solo with this crowd here [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, we takin no shorts for sure Comin through, smash you mother fuckers to floor Whoever wanted war, yo, bring it If you got the sword, I'ma swing it Slither back to the pit when my phone started ringin Yo, Come here, what's up, niggaz rock to get stuck Niggaz runnin through the chamber we aint givin a fuck Cuz I'm deadly, I'ma set the pace like a medly Relay, who could match the venom on the replay [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Aiyyo, the bitch nice and catch crack like dice Give em a double order of man slaughter on the tape recorder Fuck the law and order, tape muffled and distorted All you heard was murderous shots, the rest was pre-recorded The jury voted, I'm a free venom, hittin niggaz with the momentum Even villains wanna get up in em The feelin's devious from the breathious The way we leavin this is sure to make snakes hiss [Method Man] It be I, the most high, fly robin fly Keep a close eye on Johnny 5, I'll be comin live >From New York, it's saturday night So it's only right, I step to the phony types See em at the party actin hard, but the hardly a threat to the vet Once you start me, no stoppin, no pardon me No coppin a plea, I beat you in the head, third degree What's the science, the 411, can't do me none Still ghetto, I rhyme ghetto, my brother's ghetto Never say die and never settle For anythin less than what the devil posess I'm like MOP to the death Now who is Johnny Blaze, Mr. Meth Mother fuckers [Chorus: Finesse of Deadly Venoms, (Cappadonna)] Hittin fever, come with the raw Deadly Venom meet the Wu, no more to come, now what is left to do (Ghetto collaborations, such a deadly combination Face to face, Shakin your earth, rockin your nation) [Champ MC of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, Sons of fishes rollin with a devious Clan I got a master plan here to blast your man Gettin lyrical, fightin your feelin deep in your mental Like a pencil all in your brain, killin your spiritual The original, fishin yall, rollin with a bunch of criminals Street gunner, Venom strike like thunder This some shit that'll stop your hunger Ready for war, like me let you get a taste of the raw Comin through with the Clan so you won't get far Batters and scars, all respect due to the gods And my queen killa bees just collectin that cheese Overseas, gettin ready for the year 2G, DVs (Poison Clan rocks the world) [Cappadonna] (The Pillage!!) Yo, I'm a great comodity, for see me The great unchained magnetic Release mine, fuck yall, piece mine together To the third power, hit yall like may flowers Scandal, slash three felonies to be the one six vandal >From Park Hill, Shaolin put the work in Dusk do us dawn, Lebanon Don Don't sleep on the adversary Mental niggaz stalk yall out on the ferry You got trapped in between pillars And the venoms, cherry heads are minimum [N-Tyce of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, projects of elimination We jack some like Rhythm Nations Got your hard speed like we drag racin We lab replacin, but tried to avoid a confrontation You kind of mixed up like Tiger Woods with that combination I ain't called no names, here's a hint Niggaz with no names, antique things, gold chains Do admire the visual, 'bout the coolest cat in Carolina Individual, everythin digital, like Bobby I'm lovin all them kung-fu flicks, poison em lively I'm quickly on the run through clicks, but fast in a hurry We I smash, leave your vision blurry Tryin to make the bill like Murray [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Yo, on the french kiss, sour than blood, hotter than piss You ventriliquist talkin out your ass like this Cuz I insist that you don't wanna show the tape of the hits I told yall, I crush yall on the tape like Quake You tweaky trick, wanna violate, great, Wu and Venom annihilate Don't hesitate to push the rhymes like weight You Shake, Jake thing [Street Life] Yo, PLO, when the guns blow, you'se a no show, homo Holdin like a scarecrow with no dough Street pro's move through the metro Rapidly my faculty quick to blow the boost out your battery My african queen bees is backin me, shuttin down your salary J-Boo twist another Daquiri, fifty steamboat float Flow on this scenario, hydro thoughts lick off like a callico [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Let's get it on, mic's get blown when you step into my zone Heads get flown for tryin to clone I take that, lie you on your back like you wanna go on For one, there's no part, hold on, like float on I keep it tight, rip all sides to a square You ain't seen no thugs like these no where I swear, you wanna test me, who can it be Rollin with the Fam, Wu-Tang, DVs [GZA] Yo, I dead MC's with this poisonous venom Return and send em, wack niggaz is in em The secretly analyzed, this shit is live I see the allies tryin to stalk the bee hive Forgot the deadly stingin was major bell ringin Too strong for niggaz with eyes closed and slingin Make your point, spot your target and zoom in Before its too late, saw the snake through his hand shake Aimin your darts at a click you can't handle Attack with the paint stones and travel on camel A warm sigh as you cross the barrier But my storm side, will destroy ya area [Chorus x2] (Poison Clan rocks the world Poison Clan rocks the world) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Put Your Hammer Down Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us Lay ya hammer (lay ya hammer) Lay ya hammer kid (lay ya hammer kid) They want the drama bring it to em Fuck em Ghostface: All rise meet the preacher this pro dueler been diagnosed  Diabetic keptic Im your host Lock the vanilla suede British Staten Island mall menace Otherwise posin as a dentist in my lenses Pinball machine gun rap spoke to Arafat Laundry maid honey cant blow in this hat  What Method Man: Is it raw now Change it around Its war now The final countdown commences The battleground is twelve inches of wax paper Breakin down your defenseless senseless nature Pain stings with Ma Baker Twin towerin I skyscrape ya Freedom come meet your maker Inspektah Deck: Yo  Another sound boys dyin Crowd noise multiplyin Dont let the fuzz slide in bust out the sirens Sure win lure em in like exotic women  I smile with the sinister grin and finish him Youre fuckin with hoods, get ya goods pushed back Ya fraud, pull the wool off your hollywood hat U-God: Yo Yo Yo The track melts in half liquors have this brave meaning Supreme being being all that I can being Picture wavy beavers meat cleaving your receiver Fly sunny cheeba leather buckets dirty reefer Fast floatin grill residential honey hill Stainless steel rashes sheisty catch a money bill Raekwon: Its all gravy  We floatin through like the British navy  Fresh design lady love the fade keep it wavy The mix drink - throw the dick in the drink Play it baby girl caught ya Exotic album Cuban Link Custom AVs beige panties who could front on these please Yall niggas broke so much your uncle sells trees Gza: Yo  High ranked officials and armed tanks and missles Blood drizzle simple fact you slept on the issue That before he started jerkin off joysticks and Sega I made tapes a hundred watt amps insuring Vegas Rza fine tune it shippin meal units MCs ask, who be those rhyme killers in masks? No doubt difficult task to last in the square Beware infinte amount of darts is in the air Im victorious no opponents and blast through components And microphones watch the whole world live the moment Anything anti that came approachin this Incapable lust speech remains motionless Lay ya hammer (Lay ya hammer) Lay ya hammer kid (Lay ya hammer kid) Lay ya hammer (Lay ya hammer) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Wu-Tang Clan, Harlem Hoodz Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Wu-Tang Cream Team Line Up (a.k.a. 'American Cream Team') Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon]	Aiyyo, American Cream Team productions, bustin [Chip Banks]	Harlem World, Shaolin [Raekwon]	We back.. and we ain't goin nowhere 		Get that? They gonna respect me 		(Just just slay on em when you come back) [Baby Thad] Yo, the effervesence of my team be cool, calm Persuasive, deadly, posessive, manic depressive In the golden art, [niggaz] get torn apart in the dark, sharks swim deeper than Noah's Ark Harlem Hood, Wu breddern, stay rebellin Better be, careful of the beef that you meddle in Devilish advocates, death peddlin Turn another kettle in, we be veterans [Chip Banks] Say no more, Banky gonna lay down the law Got Hoodz that's quick on the draw to sick em on y'all Them broads that you sweatin, I don't stick em no more We import dimes from Singapore, bang em on tour Run down to Sean John, we gon order some more You got, ones in your crib, then I'm outside your door [Raekwon the Chef] Twist a black Dutch up, whattup, crane style, chain style Magnolium Rock, twenty-eight thou', plus gorgeous, Star Trek cordless Finish the [bitch] we in it, need more fish in the fortress Flashback freeze, shatter in the sweater three keys Myer Lans' stance, Don Steez Chorus: Raekwon Yo, take time out, hold your nine out Polly with the all time lineup, send mine to shine, what? Cream Team lifestyle, aight now.. Fuck around get wiped out, mic fightin on the kite now Despite thou, go against us, win it right now Shed light, bring it to light, and move right [Inspectah Deck] Another sound boy dyin, crowd noise multiplyin Don't let the fuzz slide in, bust out the sirens Sure win, lure em in like exotic women I smile with the sinister grin to finish him You [fuckin] with Hoodz, get your goods pushed back you fraud, pull the wool off your Hollywood act Throw your body on the tracks, pull the back out your raps Burn like, the human torch, lookin for collapse It's the intricate, syndicate, thoughts travel infinite Thunderous, movin hundreds, we on the run [shit] [Chip Banks] Who bring that Harlem World Willie [shit] the best, we know New Jack City 2, Banky B. Nino 600 Benz-ino, midnight blue Put a dime in the front, I'm off to slide pipe through [Method Man] Yo, it's us, the Cold Crush, ice [niggaz] plush Baby what, peep the black dust, diamond in the rough Give a [fuck], I'm like iodine, see me in the cut? Playin shadows, ridin on the track side-saddle Long John Silver, the God on your block like God-zilla *RRAWWARRR* She gave away my [pussy] I'ma kill her Chorus: Raekwon Aiyyo, spit for me, hear me, Cream Team Wake these [niggaz] up they ain't hear me, promotin on Leary Yo come back, switch slang theory American Cream with no I in the team, laser beam [Killa Sin] Aiyyo I keep my [shit's] raggety, pants saggy, millionaire faculty backin me up, knee deep for casualties, speak brief Thoughts like a street sweep, sporadically reach peaks and spaz out, bitch smack your majesty Iron palm drillin through your cavity, you want it Dunn how badly Got eighty cats, creepin in your alley, where your dogz at? Chorus: Raekwon Yo, take time out, hold your nine out Polly with the all time lineup, send mine to shine, what? Cream Team lifestyle, aight now.. Fuck around get wiped out, mic fightin on the kite now Despite thou, go against us, win it right now Shed light, bring it to light, and move right "America's Cream Team.." "Ah-ah-America's Cream Team.." [Funk Flex] Uh-huh, what what? One time baby, big shout to the RZA Big shout to my man Power Big shout to Raekwon the Chef, Inspektah Deck My man Method Man, big shout to my man Mel Big shout to the Harlem Hoodz Big up my man Killa Sin Aight, you know how we do, sixty minutes of funk Volume Three, Funkmaster Flex aight the final chapter baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Angela Neal, Wu-Tang Clan Album: Love, Hell or Right (Da Come Up) Song: Thank U (Da DJ's Version) * Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com * this is actually a remix of "HandClap" which is a bonus track on "The W" [Intro: Raekwon (Angela Neal)] We gon' what? *beat kicks in* Cl-ap, cl-ap nigga And snap uh, that's a part of the game That's the part of the game nigga that you never understood And a problem to fuckin' stand you You know who's around this nigga Best to respect, I see who you are [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna thank you Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Raekwon and Ghostface, U-God and Method Man On a Mathematics beat, Mathematics drop the beat [Ghostface Killah w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Porceline floors with a dog named Ginger Bottle cap niggaz that rhyme, we the winners Then slide thru your hood in hoods Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods Holdin up gorilla, two niggaz got a hold that shit One shot and ya mans on it The little kids watch 'em down the block Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and 2000 Mark Damian [Chorus: Ghostface Killah (U-God) w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Listen to the (clap) Real niggaz (clap) Rich niggaz (clap) My bitches (clap) If you love pussy then y'all niggaz (clap) If you love to get ate, then y'all ladies (clap) If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggaz (clap) If you bare witness to Allah y'all (clap) Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggaz clap (Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all clap) Brim hats, sloppy automatics that clap (Big shit, thunder) Get around that [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna Thank U, Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Wu-Tang and Ghostface, Wu-Tang and Method Man On a Mathematics beat My hands are clappin my body's movin My body's movin from side to side The beat is so funky, funky Wu-Tang and Tony Starks, Johnny Blaze Mathematics on it, so rock it all night long [Method Man w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Clap ya hands now, people clap ya hands I drink till I'm drunk, smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls It be us, fuck ya law, niggaz my cause is "because" No yin to my yang, it's a black thing Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest? Ya down with the syndrome: retarted I think it was them swordsmen, place them chess pieces on the boards and Take it to square, this ain't no Yacub affair Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner daughter That y'all, but not us [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna Thank U, Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Wu-Tang and Ghostface, Wu-Tang and Method Man On a Mathematics beat My hands are clappin my body's movin My body's movin from side to side The beat is so funky, funky Wu-Tang and Tony Starks, Johnny Blaze Mathematics on it, so rock it all night long [Angela Neal (Method Man)] Rock it all night long Check out Ghostface, check out Method Man Mathematics beat, Mathematics beat Check out Angie, that's me, on the vocals All night, all night long HandClap (clap ya hands now) come on come on HandClap (clap ya hands now) come on come on (Clap, clap, clap ya hands now) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 4 Song: Wu-Tang Part 1 Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Cappadonna talking] Cappadonna up in here maintainin' Big Prince know what I'm sayin' Ghostface Killah, Raekwon the Chef, Jon ya know [Cappadonna] It's like fifty Stapleton, Don fifty Park Hill All of y'all other crab niggas better chill What, Stapleton, Park Hill organization Death threat, we cover square inches of the nation Avoid confrontation by all means necessary Gold chains and gold teeth is definitely mandatory When you come through Tony Touch territory The burial ground sounds become a whole different story Acapell jobs are fat jobs New Cappadonna have props for years On the intercom, my outcome, no they couldn't get none Cause I wreck mics for fun Casually flowin' smack me if I'm not knowin' Give em' a chance to understand what they hearin' Lick shots ya better maintain ya military bearin' Cause in 97 Illuminati carry glocks But I can't afford to forfeit cause I was born to rock they knots Danger if you ever want more anger Bring ya whole drive by family into my chamber Don is more maculate, Rae is more maculate Ghost is more maculate, Prince came to tackel it Who holdin' me down, 96 representin' for 97 All night grove right here [* Ghostface Killah begins talking, fades into Wu Tang Part 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Wake Up Show Freestyle Vol. 4 Song: Wu-Tang Part 2 Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Ghostface Killah talking] Word up Wu-Tang We gon' do this for y'all up in here real quick Word up, that's my word know what I mean Got my man Muggs in effect, right by my side know what I'm sayin' That's my people right there Word up, word up Big Prince yeah Yeah dog bless that right there [Cappadonna] From the lost and found villages, the rap Jesus Christ Pender, ponder record might nail inside my right It's who eye the vessel, chosen the rap slogan Walk about the throne, royal black to be voguin' The outcome forever when words are put together Duck deep inside ya mind like Ludonna did to treasure The map of Staten Island X marks the park hill Bone you with skill, Donna business before pleasure Niggas out for Donna then they wig gotta be measured For guillotine and routine ya heard and never seen Bloody mass murder situation unclean Blindfold the rhythm, duck tape around the microphone Weights are gettin' pushed back, heads are gettin' flown Screams and yells, niggas is thristy for acapells I meditate, coordination sparkle like a jewel When I show articulation The format of rap status, man show articulation Down before the street and I ain't got no invitation To a Wu-Tang concert, Killa Bee cookout All pages due when I take my rap book out I'm representin' for all my Gambino niggas, uh-huh [Raekwon the Chef] Hey yo, hey yo, hey yo detinate that Detinate that pussy Massengill rap, cleanse that The kids knife snatch collars off Wile ridin' off Float boat, big boys, Oakland A's stashed away blades Venilation left the sharks animes Something sheist like seven butcher knives Rollin' rover style twice Finger itchy like lice Hair fell out, something to conquer Stomp ya like that cat Blanka Toy Tonka truck, ten carat on ya monster Bring Rocky like fu-shick, motorize (Ahhh) [Ghostface Killah] Yo check it, check it, check it Yo, yo, yo, yo, hey yo We swindle, make moves Peep gentle out the window Flamingo, Santo Domingo, Lex Lingo Bruce Wayne thinkin' graveyard rocks are swingin' Multi-million, rap pavillion stay G'ing All night, Mary Jane ventures, Bud Light Cold production rights, spoke to Christ Use Woolite Statue heads all up in my lab like mag Empty bags, a line in the yard well fed Dead weight yo Cable the clamp around the neck Sucrets, fast corvettes, techs I'm a vet Sabotage, rap motor large, Mickey caught a charge Credit card scam, when he cry rock the Wu scarf Televise the shit on Fox Big Ghost'll grab the shit unfasten ya box You're allergic to the fungus on Earth Killa Bee headquarters is worth Kadafi body in this turf yo Shame on all y'all brothers on some Baywatch Soundin' like me, suckin' my ss Pretty tone, nicknamed the great Tony Atlas Don't wanna come at this [* Laughter *] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: The Remix EP * Song: Anything (Old Skool Radio Version) * a version without Wu-Tang Clan appears on Above the Rim soundtrack Intro: I'll give you anything		A like that y'all, a like that ya like I'll give you anything baby	A like that y'all, a like that like that I'll give you anything   A like that y'all, a like that ya like 				A like that y'all, a like that like that I'll give you anything   A like that y'all, a like that check it out I'll give you anything baby  A like that y'all, a check it out check it out [SWV] Anticipation, of what's to come I'm so happy that, I'm the lucky one So long I've waited but it's, never too late For love... It feels so right, baby, that it can't be wrong Where I am weak, baby, you make me strong I'm down for you, and whatever you want to do... it's all up to you, because Chorus: Anything you want, baby			Gonna try to I am gonna try to do			It's alright I'm gonna try, to do Pleasure every way			You can ride Just to get with you			If you want to To... [SWV] Whatever method used, is alright with me As long as you get to where, you need to be This is the vision made for both of our eyes To see... It feels so right, it can't be wrong Where I am weak, ba-by, you make me strong I'm down for you, and whatever you want me To do... it's all up to you, because Chorus [Ol Dirty Bastard] Dirty Bas, style cuts like glass Gotta gotta keep it high power to the mass Yo Gods, another like platinum hit Party people all around be sayin that's the shit! [Method Man] Kaboom! Guess who stepped in the room Tical, hailing from the Shaolin Isle It be me the killer bee, on the M-I-C With the S-S-double-double-U (W) to the V-V Me me goin downtown, let me see If we all and together now, make it mo' better now Listen, I ain't sweatin no competition Flow, goin mad low like I'm dissin [U-God] Another chapter from the Wu-Tang group Take a look or a peak, killer bees never sleep Nonstop, put you on the choppin block Unorthodox, attitude to melting pot [Method Man] I'll do anything, I'm so into you Right here, I win, downtown with the Wu Kaboom! Guess who stepped in the room The S-S-double-double-U (W) to the V-V Chorus and Intro repeat to end Artist: Texas f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Say What You Want 12" Song: Say What You Want (All Day, Every Day) (Extended Mix) Typed by: keyser_soze21@hotmail.com [Verse 1] Method Man As I walk in the shadow of death 16 men on a dead mans chest Your host this eve Mister H-O-T N-I-X ya get splashed with the tec       No body go till the God say so      You got a second M-O        To run for the dough Before I blow back off the math contact    You didnt know stack coz you down like that [Chorus Part1] Sharleen Spitteri           And when ah get that feelin      I can no longer slide I can no longer run, oh no no And when I get that feelin       Ah can no longer hide        For theres no longer fall, I dont know Meth All day every day [Chorus Part2] Sharleen Yeah, you can say what you want But it wont change my mind  Ill feel the same About you And you can tell me your reasons But it wont change my feelings Ill feel the same about you [Verse 2] Meth See my pinky See my thumb See that kid with the pump-shot-gun Mister Mef, hold the fort most def Cats is dead wrong Songs too long Mister-Big Mouth, could that be tra You need to dish out your style  No doubt Shaolin strut through the Shaolin slum Rum-pum-pum on ma Shaolin drum Meth  All day every day [Chorus Part 2] [Verse 3] Sharleen Ive said good night Tried to sleep tight Meth One time for you crooked ass Two time for your crooked ass Sharleen I just dream of being  Go close your eyes coz Ive closed mine Meth Three time for your crooked ass, wuh Four time for your crooked ass Ahhhh, will you dream of me Yeahhhh [Chorus repeats] Momma used to say be a ladies man, yuh yuh yuh All day, every day If you slip up get up what up when you step up to challenge Staten Island, in the balance What up, you smilin You better check yo cal-en-der For the Methtical slug, uh uh [Chorus repetition ends] John John Blazini All day every day, with the souffle All you cats got to react, to jump back  Kiss yourself, fore you get smacked  By the my appa-ra-tus comin through with the stat-us Connect-in, lethal weapon, lethal injection Visual unseen, like gene When I had men, Im unforgiven  Locked in prison, in the Wu-Tang dirty dungeon  You should come into my 12 bar dirty dozen Love you to death now, kiss of death Every body wants to do what they gotta do, to breath, try to eat Your minds on the rhymin, dancin, runnin in money    They get dope biz, step in the square, cats n Clan over here Playas  Yeah, an its all G-O-NEE Hehe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: The Piece Maker Song: The Abduction Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [GZA] Okay.. the GZA Tony Touch classic, knowhatI'msayin? We gonna bang y'all, in the head one time Blaze up on y'all one time real fast (Do the mix and all that shit) Knamsayin, word up (Make it make it a record real quick, do yo' thang) Throw ya seatbelts on, ahhight?  (Yeah, hook it up, make it a record, get down yo) I take y'all niggas straight, +Beneath the Surface+ to the core, if it ain't raw its worthless Pentab professional, hold the ink while river rats fall off the raft and sink Tony let a brother Touch, twenty bar rush The way we push through equivalent to rocket thrust Allah just, I lay it for the mix tapes Quick to quake a label-mate  The sound came outta rusted crate Surrounded by cobwebs Beat smooth enough to slide through like bobsleds On a cold white snow, plus with the right flow Wu-Tang niggaz they shine and make the mic glow [Masta Killa] We killin all gorillin with all that screwfacin Pacin back and forth looking savage, stop it [RZA aka Bobby Digital] Whether plugged in or plugged out Iron drill mugged or thugged out Blood in or blood out, son was bugged out Might look at you and slice you Buck fifty face stupid and say but run Nike swoop Who the fuck you think let y'all wild niggas in  Allowed you to put down ya guns, and raise ya pen Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig, we don't fuck with no pig We teach the kids, you rather have a bullet or a word to your wig Murder rates increases, bullet holes the size of fifty cent pieces Don't worry about the weed or pussy, I read books I'm liable to mate'cha king with three rooks You see the Wu W raised in black fists Maybe Tony Touch, Concord needle will scratch this The ice cube link you bought, from the Jew for 80 G's  was only appraised at fourty-two Gazed upon by the eyes of multitude of people, who would trade gold for food I heard boar's head killed more than nuclear's warhead Or street serfs who walk around dressed in all red Bobby Digi said if you ever in Compton or Long Beach Break my sons Doc Doom and Crisis wit a nice piece [Masta Killa] Penetrate on mix tape, with the legislation Illustrate constant elevation Spark friction, Shawshank Golden Arm Redemption Endorsed my the Masta inscription signature [Inspecta Deck] Off top my unorthodox style of attack is like Hannibal rollin on elephant's backs Pack a long barrel, bustin off strong ammo My light so vast I cast twenty foot shadows First family, fifth cappo, micro to macro Load it in ya head play it back slow Act like you know, this is no drill Murderous rap revealed goin for kill On these New York city sidewalks we walk Camoflauge, dodgin the eyes of the hawk Kani Sport, totin the fifth, slidin off My live source movin across with brute force Bloodsport, anymore heads face the blade Fakers must fade, the stakes are now raised Words of murder, suspense, and intrigue Make major league niggaz show signs of fatigue My Killer Bees span wider than seven seas Squeeze on MC's, with bullet train speed Tony's Touch create more gold than Midas Ya highness, all in ya head, like ya hair stylus [Ghostface Killa] Frosty mug, big ring leaders top secret thug Lampin in cheaters Orenthal with the murder glove Boat of the town, devilish grin look peculiar Swung on this faggot, knocked the windows outta Silvia's Timb's got scuffed up, my ankles got sprained, that's my word To ever single seat I smack flames Staten Island's bayside of teachers of Elijah Thrown out the temple, non-calodic wit the father Nickname's Pudding, Clarence 13X before the Will Smith's  and the limelights of Cuba Gooding Lost in the cosmos, explodin through a quasar Be duckin pulsars, organic stay still be the Gods Tony Touch, Tony Touch Word up Big Face Ghost in effect The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: The Piece Maker 2 Song: Rock Steady Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Go head.. [Raekwon] Give me all Gucci colors, my niggaz get real for brothers We idolize big lines and nines Jumping out of big joints live, projects Lot of objects, front if you want, you gon' die Lex with a sawed off, Killa gonna tax him in the Waldorff All bloodhounds, pop, show it off Actin' like that money ain't live Built it from the getty-up, New York City gonna fry Aiyo, son, I take mines, rape lines Yeah, I'm realer than Riker's who orchestrate great crimes Jump out the Lex', lookin' zesty, real Nestle What, picture nigga, except bless me God, I'm high-powered, gun of the hour, crafted Flowers Give it the blend, double it, and blow like the Towers All ya'll need to take showers, can't take what's ours, pa.. Been sellin' crack, been sellin' crack Been sellin' crack, livin' the black Revealin' how we flip that, strip cats We write rich raps Help out the body, me, similar to the Gotti Story, I'm kinda young, son, a fly forty The Reverend cold shittin' on shorty, did it to shorty pop And gave him like ten in his jaw piece Remember this sayin': "Staten Island Gun Slayers" It's mayors, all gauges, minimum wage the raises.. [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (*RZA reverses and flips voice samples*)] ...up the Rock.. [Method Man] Niggaz be killin' me, actin' like they ain't feelin' me Knowin' they bustin' them guns with my artillery Usin' my words as if it's his and hers That's that shit that make me not wanna pass the herb The fake artist, I'm coming Razor Sharp regardless I bump lah, sowed of liquor, light and spark Make it crunk live, the dirty dirty try and serve me Like black folks in scary movies: you die early Tony Toca, Meth Tical, vida loca Esta loca, if she think I eat the chocha Ma, toss the, smoke ya, win free (Winfrey) like Oprah And un-hoast that roast, your meat, for the butcher Licky lost ya, don't even come a step closer When I approach a track, I slam like my culture [RZA] Chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that [Method Man] GZA told you it's a "Cold World", where ya heat at?.. [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (*RZA reverses and flips voice samples*)] ...up the Rock.. [U-God] Hots on the shit, just so we can lock horns Throw a package in the streets, get the block warm Something happens when we meet, hit the block strong Get it poppin' in your face, taste the popcorn Now that we back on track, can't lose My back gets huge, bitches Moulin Rouge The way I move, the Cadillac, so smooth Battle rap improve shit, light the fuse Bruised off the booze liquor, doozy kicker The dynamite style, shinin' lights still flicker Wu-Tang stickers is a nuclear reaction Tony Touch scratch the table, RZA on the back end Pure, the talent, yes, yours truly The brand combination of jazz, class and beauty Here to do my duty, up another notch The gospel according to rap is mega watts Agenda never stop, dead center, mega hot Go mop it up, go cop it when it drops.. [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (*RZA reverses and flips voice samples*)] ...up the Rock.. [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Haha, they coming over here.. 